List(Easter is right around the corner! We will be open Easter Sunday. We are now serving  our delicious Pastiera, a traditional Easter cake from Naples., There's a large power outage in Somerville that's causing technical issues with our phone, but we are open tonight 4:00-10:00, We still have a few early reservations for Valentine's Day with great specials... Come stay warm with us ❤️, Valentine's Day is right around the corner. Don't forget to make reservations ! We'll have great specials and our regular menu available ❤️😘, Happy New Year everyone!
Last night was great! But if you didn't have a chance to go out, we're open today and still offering Great Specials!, Pescatore will be OPEN Friday, New Year's Day!, Bring in the New Year at Pescatore. Call for reservations! Happy 2016, Buon Natale a tutti!  Pescatore is closed today. We will resume normal business hours on Saturday 
Merry Christmas everyone!, We'll be open on December 12/24 Christmas Eve   from 10 a.m.  until 4:00 p.m for pick up orders. Place your Holiday Catering Orders Today!, Pappardelle Capri
Homemade wide noodle pasta tossed with shrimp, arugula, cherry tomatoes, and garlic., Weekend  Specials 

Seared Tuna with lobster risotto and fresh green beans 

Tuna Cioppino with mussels, clams, shrimp, and calamari, Celebrate the Holiday Spirit and offer a Gift Certificate for your loved ones this season!, Lobster anyone? Special delivery today!!!, Last night all the trick or treaters got treated to pizza slices!  Needless to say, everyone  was happy! Including the parents!
It was fun seeing all the kids dressed up. Thank you for coming by, I hope everybody had a happy Halloween!!!!, Prepping the lamb!, Pappardelle al tartufo and porcini mushroom!, Take advantage of this beautiful day by enjoying dinner on our patio this evening!, Be sure to vote us best restaurant in ball square! http://scoutsomerville.com/vote, Pescatore will be closed for vacation beginning Friday, July 3rd through Tuesday, July 7th.

We hope you have a safe holiday and we will see you at 4p.m on Wednesday, July 8th 😎, We're nominated for the Scout's Honored Awards for best local businesses. Be sure to vote for us starting in late June and early July. We'll post the link when we get it :)
 Scout Somerville Scout Cambridge, We've still got reservations open for tomorrow on our patio - call today!, We are looking to hire weekend servers. Please call or visit for more information!, Don't forget to show your mother some love this weekend! We are open for brunch and dinner this Sunday. Call for any reservations!, Perfect day for our patio!, Great specials on this sunny day!, Preparing for Easter tomorrow!, We will be open tomorrow for Easter! 10am - 8pm., L'italiana pizza with mushrooms and broccoli rabi, Enjoy your Sunday brunch with us today until 3:00!, Complimentary sweet ricotta filled zeppole for our brunch customers!  All day next Sunday!, Dear valued customers, we're sorry to say that we will be closed today due to the Snow & Wind storm. Our staff and patron safety is very important to us.  We will re-open Tuesday for normal business hours.   Come and dine in, any day next week, and  enjoy either a complimentary dessert or complimentary fish cakes appetizer, when you mention this Facebook ad.  Our way of making it up to you!  Stay safe!, We are open today! See you all soon., We will be closed today in order to let the city and our staff safely deal with the  impending blizzard. We will resume our normal business hours on Tuesday at 4:00p.m., Let's honor the Pats with some Super Bowl Specials!

2 16" cheese pizzas + 2 liter soda: $15.95
Any of our 11" Specialty Calzones: $14.50
Loyalty Bonus: anyone with a Patriots jersey gets 10% off any other to-go meal!, We will open today at 4pm!, Due to the impending blizzard, we will be closed tomorrow, Tuesday, so our staff can remain safe. 

 Stay safe & warm everyone!, Take out dinners and Pizzas available all day on Sunday's!, Bluepoint Oysters, yum!, Making arancini!!!, Happy New Years! 
Open tonight till 10pm. 
Closed tomorrow, La tiella di Gaeta, scarola e baccala, Open tomorrow from 4pm - 10pm with great specials, including Shrimp Cocktail, Oysters Rockafella, Duck Breast, Swordfish, Filet Mignon. Call for reservations!, Mostaccioli, traditional Italian Christmas cookie!, Come celebrate 2015 at Pescatore!! Call for reservations, lots of great specials!, Make sure to place your holiday orders. Pick ups on Christmas Eve until 4:00 pm!, Prepping the meatballs!, September weather has been great for our garden! Enjoy the warm weather tonight on our patio. Brunch until 3, and dinner until 9pm, We will be closed tomorrow for the Labor Day holiday. Enjoy and be safe! See you Tuesday, Saturday Specials: 
- Fresh Whole Grilled pound & a half Lobster w/ lemon parsley sauce
- Jumbo Sea Scallops w/ orange beurre blanc sauce
- Rack of Lamb with mushroom risotto & asparagus, Holiday Hours: 
We are open today from 4-10 PM

We will be closed Friday - Sunday. 
We will resume normal business hours at 4 PM on Tuesday.

Have a safe and happy 4th of July!!, Too humid  to cook...have a pizza at the bar with us tonight!, Review in the @Bostonmagazine, Thanks for the shout out, Boston Magazine! 
Best for: Unexpectedly Amazing Fried Clams

Surprisingly, we’ve enjoyed some of the best fried Ipswich clams—perfectly crisp, with creamy bellies and homemade tartar sauce—at this unassuming Italian eatery tucked away in Ball Square. Its under-the-radar status means you can easily land a table to fill up on lobster ravioli and haddock picatta—or anything, really, that involves the fresh catch and homemade pasta (and, yes, the clams).

Read more here http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/article/2014/06/24/seafood-restaurants-boston-ma/, Tonight's Specials: Fish Chowder, Octopus Fra Diavolo, Rack of Lamb, Seared Jumbo Scallops with Tomato Jam, Tuna with Pistachio Pesto,  Lobster Cioppino, Make sure to sit on our private outdoor patio this season. Great for private functions, too., Enjoying brunch on the patio today!, What a great spring day for the Patio at Pescatore!, Italian Farmhouse: 2 eggs any style, Italian sausage, sautéed peppers & onions. Now serving brunch Saturdays & Sundays 10am - 3pm, We're open 10 am - 8pm on Sunday. Serving Easter brunch and dinner. Call today for a reservation!, Americana Breakfast Pizza: Scrambled Egg, Bacon, Asparagus, Bufalina Sandwich: imported fresh bufala mozzarella & prosciutto di parma, with roasted red peepers, tomatoes & basil. Served on Iggy's focaccia bread. Add grilled chicken or chicken cutlet! Alongside house salad or french fries, French toast with banana and bacon, Classic Burger with smoked bacon, brioche bun and house salad, Sunday Brunch with a Bloody Mary, Our Brunch Zeppole. Fried Dough Balls filled with Vanilla Ricotta & Sprinkled with Cinnamon & Sugar, What a beautiful day! Come join us for brunch until 3 p.m, You can now view our brunch menu here on Facebook! Click on the tab that says "Menu" and then choose Brunch. We are open Saturdays & Sundays 10 - 3 pm for brunch, Join us for brunch tomorrow from 
10 am--3pm!, Our brunch begins this weekend! We are now serving brunch Saturdays & Sundays from 10 a.m. - 3 p.m
Mention Facebook to enjoy 10% off your brunch bill throughout the month of March. Hope to see you this weekend!, We are closed tonight due to the inclement weather and a power outage. We will be open tomorrow at 4 pm for Valentine's Day., Did you know we are now part of grubhub and foodler? Check out the foodler site for the delivery menu!, Be sure to treat your sweetie on Valentines day. Reserve your  table today!, We are open tonight! Come dine in with us tonight for  15% off  your check when you mention Facebook. Come get snowed in at Pescatore :), Great Cobb salad tonight with Grilled Shrimp in a Garlic Rub!, We will begin a Saturday and Sunday  brunch on March 1! Be on the lookout for some upcoming deals and our menu!, Great specials tonight, espeically the Surf & Turf!, Yes,  we're open, walk on over!, Only a few days left to make your Ne Year's Eve plans. Make sure to reserve a table with us -- space is filling up. Great specials!, Open for New Year's Eve! Come Celebrate with Pescatore :), Need a dessert for Thanksgiving? Place an order today!
Tiramisu, Cannoli, Pear Ricotta Pie, Creme Brûlée Cheesecake, Amaretto Cake, Chocolate Cake, Harvest Fest is right around the corner, next Saturday! We'll be there with Somerville Local First! Try a sample of our Fish Chowder :), Dessert Pizzas? Don't mind if I do... ;), Loving this 75 degree September weather. Great for the patio!, Mortadella pizza -- gorgonzola cheese, imported italian mortadella, caramelized onions.... yum yum!, Check out our new calzones!, Have you gone through our new menu yet? The Nutella Pizza with Bananas and Coconut Flakes is already a favorite! Check out the new additions!, Special tonight: 
Seared Sushi-Grade Tuna with Shrimp Saffron Risotto & Broccoli Rapi; Topped with a Spinach Pesto, Brian and Alisa are here tonight welcoming you in :) enjoy the August breeze with a night on our patio., Wish Anna a happy birthday :), Join us tonight on the patio for some great specials!, We've got some great specials tonight! 
Cioppino, Filet Mignon, and Pugliese Pasta. Beautiful weather for the patio, too!, Happy Memorial Day weekend! We will be open. Come in for some great specials., Loving this weather! It's now patio season, for sure! Our patio seats about 20 :), Nothing is better than Boston in the Spring... LOVE our city!, Don't forget to plan ahead for your lovely mother! We're open 1:00 - 9:00 on mother's day!, We're hoping for some nicer weather soon so we can open the patio!, Buona Pasqua ... Happy Easter! 
We'll be open tomorrow from 1 - 9 pm, Beautiful day. Glad to have the sunshine. Hope to see you for dinner tonight!, Love is not love which alters when it alteration finds. 
~Sonnet 116, Shakespeare 

Happy Valentine's Day to all! Hope to see you tomorrow through Sunday for some great specials...Call to make a reservation!, Beautiful day out there... don't forget your sweetie this Thursday for Valentine's day!, Due to the blizzard, and the employees inability to get to work, we will be closed tonight, but we will be open tomorrow,(Sunday) Sorry for this inconvenience, stay safe., We are closed tonight due to the snow. Please stay warm and safe!, Did you know our full menu is available on our facebook page?, All you lovers out there, Valentine's Day is right around the corner, make sure to treat your sweetie this year. 
We'll offer our regular menu and great specials Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, Snow day! Stay warm and safe. Local residents, take a snowy walk down to us tonight to enjoy great specials!, Happy New Year's Eve! Come join us tonight for our regular menu and great specials. Bar, restaurant, and take out until 10:00, Weekend Specials
Appetizers:
Shrimp Cocktail

Entrees:
Mahi Mahi with Lobster Risotto & Asparagus

Country Fresh Organic Australian Rack of Lamb
Roasted Potates & Broccoli di Rapi, PESCATORE WILL BE OPEN DECEMBER 31ST.  
WE'LL BE CLOSED JANUARY 1ST.

COME IN FOR YOUR NEW'S EVE DINNER, MANY SPECIALS WILL BE OFFERED!, Amaretto and Honey Pears with Vanilla Ice-cream.... 
always say yes to dessert!, We will be closed tomorrow for Thanksgiving. Enjoy the holiday and see you on Friday!, Did you taste our Fish Chowder at last month's Harvest Fest?
Did you give us your email address?
 Then....
Be on the look-out for your free gift certificate, they'll be emailed this week!, Are you coming to tonight's Ball de 'Ville presented by Slumbrew?  Marianne and Rob will be there representing Pescatore! Buy tickets here, http://the-balldville.eventbrite.com/, Nice crisp weather today. Finally feels like Fall!

What's your favorite fall meal?, Join us at the bar on Saturday night for Fall Wine Specials and 
half- priced Appetizers & Pizzas from 5:00 - 10:00, Support local Somerville businesses! We will be participating in this year's Ball de'Ville, presented by Slumb Brew, and the Somerville Local First Harvest Fest. Buy your tickets today, Cannoli Days! Enjoy a complimentary ricotta cannoli at the end of your meal when you dine in with us Tuesday - Thursdays., Enjoy the beautiful weather tonight with dinner and drinks on our patio, null, Pescatore will be closed Sunday September 2nd, and Monday, September, 3rd, in observance of Labor Day. Have a safe and happy holiday!, Patio season isn't over yet! We think September is the best time for outdoor dining- enjoy the crisp fresh air and our grape vines growing overhead. Sad to see summer go, but excited for fall!, Our gorgeous tomatoes and basil from the garden. Perfect for our caprese salad with fresh bufala milk mozzarella... YUM, Promises to be a beautiful afternoon!, Thanks to all of our new fans. We love our customers :)

Stay tuned: We'll soon be expanding our TO GO menu by adding calzones! What calzone do you want to see added to Pescatore's TO GO menu?, Saturday Night Specials

Soup: Fish Chowder
Appetizer: Sauteed Octopus Fra Diavolo 
Salad: Arugula & Field Green Salad with Sheep's Milk Cheese, Figs, Avocado, Pomegrante Dressing
Entree: Stripe Bass with Shrimp Risotto & Asparagus in Sun-dried Tomato and Lemon Capeer Saue
Entree: Maine Lobster Cioppino, Calamari, Shrimp, Clams, Mussels, Fra Diavolo
Entree: 16 oz Bone-In Veal Chop, Porcini Mushroom & Asparagus Risotto, Saturday Drink Specials

Grey Goose Raspberry Lime Rickey's...an adult favorite
Fresh Lime, Raspberry Syrup, Soda

Sotto Chinotto... one of our most popular drinks
Italian Chinotto Soda, Basil, Gin, Fresh Lime, Prosecco float

Too hot for the patio tonight? Don't worry, we won't make you sweat. Enjoy the AC in dining room &  bar, Tonight's Specials

Soup: Fish Chowder

Appetizer:PEI Mussels  sauteed in Peroni Beer

Entree: 16oz Veal Chop w/ Porcoini Mushroom Risotto

Entree: Sushi Grade Tuna w/ Lobster Risotto & Asparagus in Puttanesca Sauce

Entree: Maine Lobster Cioppino Fra Diavolo, Shrimp, Calamari, Mussels

Dessert: Lemon, Strawbery, and Peach Sorbet, Large organic Arugula greens with strawberries, parmigiano cheese, balsamic basil dressing, What do you think, is it a patio night?, null, our bar, Hope you all had a great 4th of July!  We resume business today at 4:00 pm., We'll be open tomorrow, Sunday. Come have dinner with us before your Holiday fun starts. 

Closed Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.

Have a safe and happy 4th of July., SOMERVILLE FIREWORKS SPECIALS!!!
16 INCH LARGE CHEESE PIZZA $6.99
LARGE CHEESE SLICE (1/4 PIZZA) AND A CAN OF SODA $3.49 
A SODA CAN $3.49
LARGE FRIED DOUGH! $3.49, TO ALL OUR VALUED PATRONS!  PESCATORE WILL BE CLOSED TUESDAY' JULY 3RD AND WEDNESDAY, JULY 4TH, IN OBSERVANCE OF THE INDEPENDENCE DAY HOLIDAY. WE WILL RESUME  BUSINESS THURSDAY JULY 5TH AT 4PM.  HAVE A SAFE AND FUN HOLIDAY!!!!!, Heat wave tomorrow & Thursday! Be prepared :)
Come have a drink with us, Don't forget about father's day this Sunday! We'll be open from 1:00 - 9:00 , call for reservations, finally! the sun is shining :) can't wait to work the patio tonight, Have you tried our strawberry sorbet? One of our specialties!, Farfalle pasta with Italian sausage and broccoli rabe in a light tomato basil sauce, PESCATORE ,  will be open for" Father's Day"  Sunday, June 17, from 1 to 9.  Call Ahead for reservations., Congrats to all of our Tufts University graduates now joining the Tufts Alumni!, In the 70s today .... perfect night for dinner on the patio. Hope you're having a wonderful Friday!, Did you know we are hiring? 
Bartenders and servers please email pescatoresomerville@yahoo.com if interested :), Veal Picatta with asparagus-fontina cheese filled homemade ravioli, Celebrating mothers day at Pescatore. Love you Anna :), Grilled salmon, roasted rosemary potatoes & grilled veggies, Rack of Lamb with rosemary roasted potatoes & broccoli rabe $24, Fusilli Amalfi, home made fusilli pasta with broccoli rabe, shrimp, scallops, & lobster in a white wine garlic olive oil sauce $21.00, Treat that special mother in your life to a lunch or dinner at Pescatore. We'll be open from 1:00 to 9:00, celebrate with us  as you thank your mom for all she's done!, WE WILL BE OPEN ON SUNDAY, MAY 13, MOTHER'S DAY, FROM 1:00  TO 9:00.  CALL AHEAD FOR RESERVATIONS.  TREAT YOUR MOTHER AND TAKE HER OUT TO PESCATORE!!!!, hard at work thinking of martini specials for tonight ;), Another beautiful evening! Join us on Our Patio this evening!
We now are serving Soft Shell Crabs!!, Can't get away this April vaca? how about Martini flights anyone? 
This Saturday night, come on in for a taste of our martinis as our bartender Andrew concocts some yummy drinks
 -- 3 half sized martinis in a flight, paired with our specials of the evening. $18 / flight Yummalish!, Can't forget about Easter! Post some pictures of your favorite egg decoration arts & crafts :) We'll be open from 12 - 8 on Easter Sunday! Call for a reservation, Can't get enough of the food network and its shows!, Turn the heat up tonight! It's cold out. Jeeze, patio was open last week... any takers for this week ;) ?, Another lovely day! Join us for Dinner on our Patio! Enjoy our Spring Fling Drinks!, Lovely night on the patio yesterday. This weather is beautiful :) join us for dinner outside tonight, COME ON IN !   THE PATIO IS OPEN!!!!!, We will  be open at 12:00 on Easter Sunday, 
April 8.  Call ahead for reservations., All Copley Square & Boston Residents Due to your unfortune in the City, come here to Pescatore for a complimentary arancini with purchase of meal! Valid tonight only March 14!, We will be open Easter Sunday.April 8, at 12:00.  Call ahead for reservation., Want to  enjoy a complimentary $20.00 get certificate to Pescatore? Follow the steps below!

1. Dine in with us this Friday night
2. Order something delicious
3. Take a really good picture of it
4. Post picture to your Facebook page and our Facebook page
5. Enjoy some of your next meal on us!

Best photo of the night will get a $20.00 gift certificate mailed to them 

-Tania, hey facebook fans! what do you think, is it patio season yet?, Buy local. Davis Square is fabulous, but remember all the other great Somerville shops, too! Somerville's got lots to offer, Did you know our menu is now listed on your facebook page? Check out all the great food we have to offer!, Relax time is here now that the holidays are dwindling down!, Looking for a great holiday gift? Yes we offer gift certificates! If you can't make it in to the restaurant, email Tania at pescatoresomerville@yahoo.com. A certificate will be mailed to you in time for the holiday :), the dinining room -- at christmas, hence the wreath :), New Years Eve is right around the corner! We will be offering our regular dining room menu as well as some yummy specials! Call for a reservation :), Now taking Holiday Orders :) Take the stress out of your holiday and let us cater, Kick off Thanksgiving early with Pescatores! Purchase any regular priced entree and enjoy a complimentary delicious slice of pumpkin cheesecake when you mention this post!, Seabass Sunday! Seared Seabass with fried rosemary polenta & french string beans topped in puttanesca sauce. Mention facebook tonight & enjoy half off a reguarly priced appetizer!, TIRAMISU THURSDAY:
Anna just made a fresh batch of Tiramisu..first five parties to dine in with us this evening will enjoy a complimentary Tiramisu when they mention Facebook. 
Tonight Only :)
~ Tania, Specials Tonight:
Oven Roasted Bosc Pears Wrapped in Prosciutto w/ Warm Gorgonzola
Red Snapper, Orange-Bourbon Glaze w/ Shrimp Risotto & Asparagus
Rack of Lamb, Balsamic Glaze w/ Brussel Sprouts & Roasted Potatoes, Homemade Dessert Special 10/19: 
Pumpkin-Spice Ice cream over Apple Pie ... 
add an Espresso Martini & what are you waiting for??, Running a deal on Yelp! $15 for $30 worth of food at Pescatore. 
Valid Sunday-Thursday for Dine-In Only. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz/pescatore-somerville, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday... Large 16 inch Cheese Pizza $7.00 
available for Take Out & at the Bar Only, New Pizza of the Month-- 
Figgy:  Fresh Figs, Gorgonzola, Arugula, Balsamic Glaze., Labor Day weekend....open tonight & Sunday, Enjoy the last of summer with the beautiful weather on our private patio!, It's a hot one today! Beat the heat with a cool drink and air conditioning.... must stay hydrated :), tante belle cose!, What a beautiful evening... enjoy a drink on our patio!, closed Sunday July 3rd and Monday July 4th :), We have Soft Shell Crabs this weekend ... enjoy them while they last :), Open 12pm--9pm on Easter Sunday 4/24, Supposed to be be heavy rain tonight...why not get delivery? Open till 9!, We added a handful of new appetizers & meals to the menu! Lots of options for vegetarians, too. We have whole-wheat & gluten- free pasta! Come in and try one of the new items today, If it's cold outside show the world the warmth of your smile., Looking for a great place to eat on Valentine's day? We'll be open all weekend plus Monday <3, we are not normally open on Mondays but we're OPEN February 14th for all the sweethearts on Valentine's Day!, Lg 16" cheese pizza only $6.95 
Sunday-- Thursday.... Pickup or Free Delivery!, Beautiful day, don't let the snow keep you inside!, Beeeeautiful day!   Should we open up the patio ;), Due to the snow, we're closed today....enjoy the snow & be safe :), What's your favorite dish at Pescatore?, a new year brings new ideas...
what would YOU like to see added to our menu?, http://hiddenboston.com/Pescatore.html

Hope to see you for New Year's Eve to ring in 2011.

Happy and SAFE New Year to all :) , Happy Holidays! Enjoy the snow & be careful! We are closed today, but be sure to check out our New Year's Eve menu!, Take the stress out of the Holidays...Let Pescatore cater your holiday party! Full trays and party platters available

Spend your New Year's Eve with us! Take a look at our Special Menu for the night...
http://pescatoreseafood.com/newyearseve10.pdf, Happy Thanksgiving! Have a great time with your family. We will be closed tomorrow., http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jm2_A0W54SE&feature=player_embedded

Check out Anna with CoupMe's Rachel.
We are featured on CoupMe today!, http://www.boston.com/ae/food/restaurants/articles/2010/09/12/pescatore_adds_elegance_to_creative_italian_fare/, Happy & Safe Labor Day weekend to everyone! We will be closed tomorrow, Sunday, for the holiday! Enjoy, Soak up the rest of the summer on our patio!

Also, new pizza of the month.. La Mortadella... white pizza with gorgonzola cheese, shredded mozzarella cheese, caramelized onions, and Italian mortadella, Pizza of the Month---scallops, parmigiano cheese, mozzarella cheese, prosciutto, arugula, Treat  the special father in your life to a wonderful meal this Sunday for Father's Day. Great specials, perfect weather. Call to make a reservation, we'll be open 1pm-9pm., Weather forecast yields plenty of sunshine  this week; enjoy the sun on our beautiful patio! Also, our bar is officially open! Come in for a drink or a nice meal at the bar., Also added new pizza to the menu:
Buffalo Chicken pizza with housemade tomato sauce, grilled buffalo chicken, mozarella & gorgonzola cheese ... Check out the full menu at pescatoreseafood.com, New Pizza-of-the-Month----

Parma: white pizza, prosciutto di parma, arugula, caramelized pears, gorgonzola cheese, Lots of News!  -Outdoor Seating is now available. Enjoy the weather on our patio. -Become a member of our email group to receive discounts for lunch - We expect the bar to be completed within the next month! -Open for Mother's Day, Sunday May 9th, from 1:00pm -10:00pm, Now Open for Lunch Friday & Saturday 12pm-4pm Sunday 1pm-4pm, Easter Sunday Specials Menu is available online., Looking for a nice Easter Sunday Dinner? Pescatore will be open, featuring great specials as well as our regular menu. Want to know what the specials will be? Send an email to pescatoresomerville@yahoo.com  to be added to the newsletter!, We are starting to collect e-mails to send out a monthly update about the restaurant. The newsletter will include information about our specials, discounts, and events. If you'd like to be added, please send an e-mail to pescatoresomerville@yahoo.com :), Tuesday + Wednesday All Night Special: Order a bottle of our special priced "wine of the night" and enjoy complimentary homemade fishcakes!, We have Valentine's Day Special Menu 2010., Calling out to all the LADIES! Don't want to watch the Superbowl on Sunday? ME EITHER! Come to Pescatore for Superbowl Sunday Ladies Night! Order our special priced "wine of the night" and enjoy complimentary homemade fishcakes!, http://boston.com/ae/restaurants/gallery/bestofthenew2010?pg=19, Check out our review in BOSTON GLOBE'S BEST OF THE NEW, available in today's globe newspaper (1/31)., Join us for dinner on Tuesdays and Wednesdays nights from 4pm - 6pm. Order a bottle of our special priced "wine of the night" and receive complimentary homemade bruschetta!, null, Anna on the front cover of Boston Globe's Cheap Eats)