List(Yes Mike Lanno is now also a movie star in the making., The patio is drenched with sun today! Join us for lunch ☀️, Happy Easter!, 😝, null, null, Check out the fundraiser being held at Hurricane O'Reilly's to benefit the Memorial Fund of Officer Garrett Swasey, We're all about that crispy calamari, Flatbreads on deck, How's your Monday?, All green everything this weekend!, Happy St. Paddy's Day!, Happy birthday The Black Rose! Check out this great article in The Boston Globe about the "Fenway Park of Irish Pubs" who turns 40 this year!, You can never go wrong with a little Lobstah Mac & Cheese!, Late lunch date!, Patio views courtesy of @jirvin1, We're testing out some new dishes! Here's our latest Shrimp & Farro Bowl. What kind of bowls do you want to see on our menu?, Our dessert menu is just what your cheat day needs 😍, Patio season has officially started!, Chopsticks not required, Workin hard, playin hard 🍊🍋, Friday calls for colorful cocktails!, Our fish and chips are just what you've been craving all day!!, Come join us for a cocktail!, Tuesday grind..., Check out the Rare Day event happening at our sister restaurant Brownstone tonight!, Join us for a Rare Day event at our sister restaurant Brownstone!, PSA: this beautiful burger is on our late night menu., It's Thursday... You know what that means 🍷, We can never say no to pulled pork..., It's a Downeast Cider kind of lunch break 🍻, Do with this what you what you will... #nationalwineday, #nationalwineday 2016... It'd be rude not to!, Happy #humpday 🍻 @lagunitasbeer, Taco Tuesday!, Brunch without booze is just breakfast, Already thinking about brunch tomorrow 💭, Our flourless chocolate cake is the perfect finish to your Valentine's Day meal this weekend!, Chicken & Waffles are always on our mind (and menu)., Margherita Pizza in honor of #NationalPizzaDay!, Happy National Pizza Day!, Come on in, we're open! A Mexican Hot Chocolate will warm you right up!, Check out our sister restaurant Clerys feature in Metro Boston! 50 things to eat, drink, and do for Super Bowl 50 https://t.co/6nH49NUML1, Chicken Fried Chicken anyone?, Head over to our sister bar, Clerys Boston, for their 5th Annual Super Bowl party and wing eating contest featured in the Metro Boston!


Tickets here -----> https://goo.gl/Q5bo1l, Thank you to The Greater Boston Food Bank for organizing such a great event to benefit those in need around eastern Massachusetts. And thank you to our guests for joining us for the Super Hunger Brunch, helping us to collectively raise over $4,500!

Brownstone Boston Clerys Boston Dillon's Boston, Some of our favorites for lunch today 😍🍕🍗 #chickenfriedchicken #pulledpork, A beautiful shot from the other side of the Greenway by @Boston_Shots!, Join us for the The Greater Boston Food Bank Super Hunger Brunch on January 30th! 

Every $1 provides THREE meals for those in need!

Make reservations here ---> http://ow.ly/XkCb0, Preparing for the weekend like... 🍔🍟🍹 #bostonbites #burgers, It's #NationalCheeseLovers day so you know how we'll be celebrating... #Brie #IllTakeTheWheel, No caption needed #bostonfoodies #chickenandwaffles #lobsterroll 🐓🦀, Make your reservations for #SuperHungerBrunch today! http://ow.ly/WVKbd, Filipe doing some serious prep work in the kitchen!, Come by tonight an try it while we have it!! Samuel Adams Nitro White Ale..., We won't tell if you sneak out of work early!, We're teaming up with the Greater Boston Food Bank for the #SuperHungerBrunch! Every dollar spent provides three meals for those in need! Make your reservations today! http://ow.ly/WVJvq, Ready for dinner! #PulledPorkFlatbread #ChickenFriedChicken, Get off to a good start this year by doing something good! Join us for the The Greater Boston Food Bank Super Hunger Brunch on January 30th! 

Every $1 provides THREE meals for those in need!

Make reservations here ---> http://goo.gl/DJkPa6
Buy $25 voucher here ---> goo.gl/dqueQQ, Looking for some late night snacks? Check out our Late Night Menu! THUR: 11-12AM FRI&SAT: 11-1AM, Looks like our staff enjoyed themselves at our annual holiday party! Thank you too Anthem Kitchen for hosting us again!, January is the perfect time to host your holiday party! Book yours today!, Looking to catch #UFC195 tonight? Get to Sports Grille Boston tonight before 9:30 for FREE cover!, Join us for New Year's Day brunch! 

Make reservations here ----> http://www.opentable.com/granary-tavern, Check out our sister restaurant Central Wharf Co. for their NYE party! http://ow.ly/Woa9g, Looking for a place to go this NYE? Check out our sister restaurant Central Wharf Co! http://ow.ly/Woa9g, We're closed today! Head over to our sister restaurant, The Black Rose, for after-dinner drinks & live Irish music!, null, We hope everyone has a safe and happy holiday!, Looks like our manager Craig is getting in the festive mood with his unicorn sweater! Come on by to join him and have your photo taken with him too!

#unicorn #wewishyouamerrychristmas #holidayseason #uglychristmassweater #granarytavern #serverlife #serverproblems #managersbelike, Now through Christmas all e-gift cards are 20% off! Valid at all 10 locations! http://ow.ly/WgPsp, After work martinis anyone?, We will have our kitchen open until 3 pm on Christmas Eve for all you last minute shoppers or those who want to start celebrating early!! We will be closing our doors at 5 and will remain closed on Christmas Day so that our staff may enjoy the day with their family friends. But hope to see you all again before the New Year!, Last minute sale - get 20% off e-gift cards now thru Christmas! Valid at all TEN locations! https://goo.gl/0JVLGp, Today calls for pancakes and huevos rancheros :) #Brunch, Lobster Roll vibes for lunch today…, Still looking for a holiday gift? Our gift cards are redeemable at all 10 Glynn Hospitality restaurants! http://ow.ly/VZjXy, http://ow.ly/VJ5aW, Brunching for a cause! We will be participating this year on January 30th hope to see you all here.., Chicken and Waffles with honey butter & maple syrup for brunch today!, Get your shopping done today! http://ow.ly/VJ4jl, Thank you, Loraine, for all of your hard work these past 25 years with the Glynn Hospitality Group. We are forever grateful for your tireless work ethic and positive outlook!, Let us make your holiday shopping a little easier this year! http://ow.ly/ViPRK, Come get a little festive with us! We have Goose Island Festivity Ale on tap!, Get your all your holiday shopping done with just one click! One gift card redeemable at ten different restaurants, doesn't get much easier than that! http://ow.ly/ViPkr, Get your holiday shopping done early! Our gift cards can be used at all 10 locations! http://ow.ly/ViFvW, #CyberMonday is here! Get this deal before it's gone! http://ow.ly/VhJpT, Happy Sunday!, Happy Black Friday! Get a $10 bonus card for every $50 in gift cards purchased!, Happy Thanksgiving! Have a great holiday!, We'll be open today for lunch or see we'll see you again on Friday!, Come warm up with our Mexican Hot Chocolate made with Tanteo Cocoa tequila!, Who needs Black Friday? We're starting our sale NOW! http://ow.ly/UYBN5, Get all of your holiday shopping done with one click! Our gift cards are redeemable at any of our Glynn Hospitality locations! Get one today! http://ow.ly/ULxxa, Looking for a place to host your holiday party? We have just the spot! Contact us today at granarytavern@irishconnection.com, Looking to score tickets to next weekend's #ShamrockSeries to watch the Boston College Eagles take on the Notre Dame Fighting Irish at Fenway Park? We've got you covered!
Head to our sister restaurant, Dillon's, TONIGHT to win free tickets!!, Looking to get all your holiday shopping done early? Our Glynn Hospitality gift cards are redeemable at all 10 locations! http://ow.ly/ULxj6, These Huevos Rancheros are looking really good right about now! #Brunch, Happy Friday!, Still scrambling for a place to watch Ronda Rousey take on Holly Holm tomorrow night in #UFC193? Head over to our sister restaurant,Sports Grille Boston, to catch this historic UFC matchup! Doors open at 8 PM!, Happy Veterans Day! Thank you all for your service!, Brunch. EVERY DAY!!!. only at our sister restaurant Brownstone!!, Looking for a place to have your holiday party? We have space for parties big and small! Come check us out!, Its National Nacho Day... Come try our Pulled Pork Nachos, you won't be dissapointed!, Don't forget to stop by tomorrow and try some of these hard to find Samuel Adams beers ALL on tap ALL weekend!! #taptakeover #craftbeerboston, Holidays are getting close! Book your event now!, This Saturday & Sunday join us and Samuel Adams for a complete tap takeover! All ten taps will be featuring a variety of Sam Adam's products! See you all there.., We had so much fun touring the Boston Harbor Distillery last night and trying about some of their amazing spirits!, Mmmm BBQ Pulled Pork Flatbread. Join us for lunch!, Happy Halloween! Come load up on brunch carbs before your long night out!, Check out our Late Night Menu! Thursday from 10-12PM and Friday & Saturday from 11-1AM, Flatbreads and Sweet Potato Fries are the perfect after work snacks to share!, Flatbreads for days!, Our eggs benny go really well with some bubbles! #saturdaybrunch, How good does our Fall salad with sirloin look? Almost lunch time!, Love hard cider and drinking on Tuesday's? See you tomorrow for the Lookout Farms Hard Cider Tap Takeover!! Chai Tea Hard Cider, Pumpkin Hard Cider, Farmhouse Blend and more that will be revealed tomorrow at 5pm! See you there... #lookoutfarm #hardcider #lookoutfarmhardcider, Snacks & Pats #SNF, Looking for somewhere to host your holiday party? Granary Tavern is the perfect spot!, For the next month we'll be teaming up with Lookout Farms and making some awesome features! Keep an eye out for updates!, #ColumbusDay #Brunch #Boston, What's better than weekend brunch? Monday Brunch! Come in from 10 to 1 on Columbus Day for a holiday-induced brunch extension., Looking for something to do next weekend? Check out the first annual Brunch Battle hosted by Gather. Our sister restaurant, Brownstone Boston, plans to take home the (pan)cake!

Get your tickets here: http://ow.ly/SW8hV, Our new beer list is in and we have Pumpking on draft! @stbcbeer Stop by for a Thirsty Thursday drink!, Nothin better than nachos! Check us out! 

https://www.zagat.com/b/boston/9-over-the-top-nachos-to-try-in-boston, Come check us out at the #BostonLocalFoodFestival today on the Rose Kennedy Greenway!, What a great way to start off an exciting College Football weekend! Welcome to Boston, FSU fans!, Flatbreads forever., Thank you to BachToTheFuture for featuring us in her blog and we hope to see you all at the All Local Festival on Sunday Sept 20th!, Brunch 😌, It's the best day of the year!!  #NationalWaffleDay!, Have an event coming up? Email granarytavern@irishconnection.com to plan your next party!, Happy Birthday to our most interesting server in the world Steven Fleet!! #happybirthday, Lobster Roll and the Thai Beef Noodle Salad. Getting hungry?, Come on in for brunch!, Everday is Chicken & Waffle day!, It's #NationalTequilaDay celebrate with a Mango Caliente and let our server Jaimie know she's quite the artist with the chalk!!, Lobster on lobster on lobster!, It may be #NationalHotDogDay but what goes better with dogs than burgers? Especially a Granary Burger!, You never know who you will bump into at Granary Tavern., Happy National Fried Chicken Day! We are celebrating with our Chicken & Waffles and Chicken Fried Chicken.... We suggest that you join us. #nationalfriedchickenday, Thank you to all that make this day possible!, Check out Chef William's interview with Food E File!!, Great article and drink made by our very own Michelle Loveless! Come in and try a LeMANade this Father's Day!, Thank you Tom for the gorgeous new flowers on our patio!, Come join us on this long weekend for some sangria, good food and good people!, null, Come and check out our new late night menu until 1 am!!, null, Check out what is happening over at The Black Rose tomorrow!, The Bulleit Bourbon Woody will be parked on our patio this Friday  May 1st, from 5 to 7!! Please RSVP to vkesaris@unitedliquors.com too enjoy complimentary cocktails and apps! Derby attire is encouraged only a few spots left so book today!!, Patio season is back! Goodbye winter!, Celebrate Mom, Dads & Grads with our Give More, Get More online gift card special. Purchase $50 in gift cards online and receive a FREE $10 Bonus Gift Card + FREE shipping!! 
April 22nd-May 6th!, Feeling thirsty? Dell's Shandy is back... Come and get it., Granary Tavern at the concierge trade show!  Rocking the fried chicken and biscuits, Possibly a new menu item? Caprese salad means summer is almost here!, Stop by today for our Boutique in a Bar with Savas Studios!, Join us a week from today for our Boutique in a Bar with Savas Studios!, Pop pop popcorn!!, So obviously come join us for one!, Our Irish Princess is ready for St. Patrick's Day, are you? We will be opening at 9 am all weekend!, Round three ends tomorrow and we are up against Grill 23 so keep voting. Thank you all for your support so far and if you haven't tried our Garlic Chips & Dip we suggest you do so!, Thank you everyone that helped get us to round two! But now we need your help to make it to the next round of Starch Madness, click on the link below and vote for our Garlic Chips & Dip! Remember you can vote multiple times., $4 Waffle Sundaes and $5 wine all week!! How can you not have one? #DigOutDineOut, Click and vote for our Garlic Chips & Dip for Boston's best fried potato!!, Who makes the hottest tots? The sweetest sweet potato fries? The French fries with the greatest a-peel? (Sorry.) It’s time for you to vote which crispy spuds in the Boston area will go for the gold., Come throw back some of our $5 glasses of house wine and $2 tacos!! #DigOutDineOut, $2 Fish Tacos from 2-7 everyday until March not too mention $5 features wines ALL day! #DigOutDineOut, Open for lunch! Our sidewalks are shoveled and the Chicken & Waffles will warm up your belly, Sneak peek for Valentine's Day dessert.... You'll just have to come by for the full effect., Prepping dessert for all the love birds coming to see us tomorrow evening!, Thank you Colleen for an awesome two plus years! You will be missed greatly! Come say bye to her tonight!, Patio season will be here before we know it! Think warm thoughts. #springtime, No T but we are still open lunch & dinner come on by, Hard at work clearing a path to be ready for lunch today. Come on by Monte Cristo on special and hot whiskeys just what the doctor ordered., Come to the Granary Tavern or our sister restaurant the Black Rose to warm up your insides, Huevos mi rancheros..., It's "One Helluva Heavenly Brew". You all know it's Friday and you want one.  #CrushableIPA  #TwoRoads, null, Everyone help cheer on the Patriots and then we will see The Kells Irish Bar in Seattle transform into the Black Rose from Boston!!, Calamari on fleek... Did I use that correctly?, Look what's back on tap.... Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Ale!, null, Make your reservation on Open Table, then pay your check using the Open Table app!, null, null, null, You can go wherever you want tonight but we really like 11 & 22, We hope that everyone has a safe and fun-filled New Year's Eve. We are sold out for the evening but our sister restaurants Central Wharf Co. and The Black Rose still have tickets available. Happy New Year everyone!, New Year's Eve 2015...where will you be celebrating?, We hope everyone had a safe and festive Christmas. If you are out enjoying this amazing weather, just a reminder that the Granary Tavern doors are open today. It's a great day for one of Colleen's Winter Sangria's! Come enjoy the sunshine., If you haven't confirmed your plan for New Year's yet...our sister restaurants Coogan's Boston, The The Black Rose and Central Wharf Co. still have a few tickets left!, Faneuil Hall Marketplace, Quincy Market, the North End...all on the cusp of our block...so technically speaking....The Granary Tavern is in one of the Best Food Neighborhoods in America!, Our friends at Sterlings giving us the inside track on Champagne. Good info before all the corks pop on New Year's., It's National Chocolate Covered-Anything Day! To help you celebrate, join us for lunch or dinner for a slice of our flourless chocolate cake, topped with strawberries & cream., Deep deep into the Christmas closet for that Sweater...this Friday is Ugly Christmas Sweater tour at Glynn Hospitality., Hope to see you all soon!, Awesome gift basket with over $300 in prizes!, A little 'spirited' guide to gift giving for the season, It's your last chance to get 20% off your online gift card purchase of $50 or more! Use Code: GLYNNGIFT before Monday, December 15th!, Who doesn't love a good old fashioned Scavenger Hunt! Join the Savas Studios picture scavenger hunt by calling the Savas Studio's directly. Event is on Saturday!, Hey all you last minute party planners! Granary Tavern has some select dates available with no minimum or room fee! email krista@irishconnection.com for more info!, We are going to have to say our own Colleen K. makes the best hot chocolate in Boston! Her secret...a little Baileys!, Blink! Fun Facts

1) The Granary Tavern is one block away from the holiday Tree...and these other little known facts. ;)

2) It is the FIRST tree lighting ceremony of the season.
3) Last year's event attracted over 30,000 attendees for the opening night ceremony and over 200,000 additional visitors over the holiday season.
4)The holiday tree is even bigger than the beloved tree in Rockefeller Center.
5)Faneuil Hall Marketplace is an official New England Patriots Toy Drive drop off location.
6) Globe Santa will appear in the Rotunda at Faneuil Hall Marketplace every Wednesday through Sunday during the holiday season., We will be closing today at 2:30 for a private event but please stop by next door and visit our sister restaurant Central Wharf Co. instead!, null, If you are coming to Faneuil Hall Marketplace for the lighting of the tree stop by Granary Tavern for dinner and maybe a few festive hot toddy's., Tis the season!, If you are in the Faneuil Hall Marketplace area and new to Boston...you are going to want to get familiar with the Granary Tavern ;), Looking for something to different to do tonight? Love good food and tasty beer? Get you tickets now for a beer dinner tonight at our sister restaurant Brownstone., null, Chef Kelly and our Friends at Brownstones are hosting a beer dinner next week if you are in the Back Bay. 

Join us at Brownstone for a 4 course pairing dinner, featuring a menu inspired by a variety of carefully selected beers from Lagunitas. 

The dinner will begin at 6:30pm & is $40 per person. Visit Eventbrite to purchase tickets! http://www.eventbrite.com/e/lagunitas-beer-dinner-tickets-13642098885

Amuse:
Moody blue smoked blue cheese, cranberry-poblano marmalade, house focaccia -paired with Lagunitas Czech Pilsner

Appetizer:
Roasted carrot and apple soup with cascade hop oil, mini rye and brie grilled cheese -paired with Lagunitas IPA

Entree:
Seared Long Island duck breast, malted barley rissotto, parsnip, sticky orange sauce, shaved mexican chocolate. -paired with Lagunitas Imperial Red

Dessert:
Big Finish: Affogato made with Lagunitas imperial stout, homemade cinnamon gelato, fig biscotti, and fresh whipped cream, A great lineup of cocktails but you don't need to travel the world, just meet us at Granary Tavern and Colleen, or Tiffany can mix up any of these delicious libations., It's also #InternationalStoutDay! We have Left Hand Brewing Company Milk Stout and Fisherman's Pumpkin Stout in stock for all you stout aficionados and enthusiasts., Today is National Nachos Day! A great reason to come in and try our pulled pork nachos!, null, The Boston Bruins are in town playing the The Florida Panthers tonight. Visit us pre-game for dinner and post game to celebrate the victory. Go B's!, It's National Sandwich Day, Monte Cristo is our special offering to recognize the day., This Thursday November 6th, the Granary Tavern will be at Royalefor the 9th Annual Open Your Heart to the Children Benefit. Event info and tix available here http://hfc.org/event.asp?eventID=197, We love our city! Just one more thing we would add to the Thrillist list....Clam Chowda!, Fall is here! And our own Mixologist Colleen Kennedy has introduced her new seasonal cocktail list including the Cranberry Harvest:
- Casa Amigos Repisado
- Sorel Liquor
- Cinnamon simple syrup
- cranberry puree
- lime juice 
- splash of soda, Looking for 'THE' place to celebrate National Chocolate Day? Granary Tavern has a flourless chocolate cake on the dessert menu!, November 6th, the Granary Tavern will be at Royale for the 9th Annual Open Your Heart to the Children Benefit. Event info and tix available here http://hfc.org/event.asp?eventID=197, It's that time of year...we now have Slumbrew Porter Square Porter in! 

A Few Tasting Notes:

Rich black porter with a unique blend of chocolate, coffee, roasted and nutty flavors. Brewed with cocoa powder and conditioned with cacao nibs from Taza Chocolate. Bold flavors from the cacao nibs and black malts are balanced with a special blend of pale malts, oats and wheat to produce a lush and lingering mouthfeel., You know you might be on to something when food bloggers are talking about your chicken tenders...well, chicken fried chicken tenders that is. Thanks Brittany for the mention!http://brittanyshelby.com/category/granary-tavern/, It's the weekend! Looking for a place to brunch...here is what people are saying about the Granary Tavern brunch....spoiler alert - it's goood!

“BEST BRUNCH!!”
5 of 5 stars Reviewed October 15, 2014 NEW

We asked around for best brunch and this place was suggested. Hard to find bc the numbers on the streets are out of order but so glad we did. The brunch was AMAZING! If you are looking for somewhere to sit down and eat rather than grab a donut from the 101 dunkin donuts, you have to try this place., Two words: Chicken & Waffles! This weekend treat yourself to the dish everyone in Yelping great things about! Here is what guest had to so eloquently say: 

"Haley, our server, took me on a road, I should have never travelled! And for that - CURSES, a new passion. Today, I discovered - chicken and waffles. REAL chicken and wafflE. With skin so crisp it snapped like dry fall leaves under pounding feet, yet juicy and succulent on the inside. Firm but gooey waffle DRENCHED in the best NE maple syrup and doused with a healthy dose of honey butter, that the chicken displayed viciously on the waffle, so pornographically absorbed. Yes Fried CHICKEN with butter, maple syrup and my fork. OK, so I could only push down 1/2 of the waffle, and 1/2 of a chicken breast, in tiny perfect bites with a bit of everything - skin, meat and waffle, in every bite. Vicious attack on humanity...", It's back! Colleen's fall/winter red wine sangria! We can't divulge the actual recipe but we can tell you it contains: Peach Tree shnapps, triple sec, homemade cinnamon simple syrup, orange juice, a splash of soda for sparkle and of course, a healthy portion of Merlot. Thanks all we can say..., Chef William Cardona's new fall menu goes live tomorrow night!, We are preparing to launch our new fall menu this week! Some new items include: the Prime Rib French Dip, Artisan charcuterie and cheese board, the the Tavern Flatbread with spinach, cheddar cheese, apple chutney and a maple mustard drizzle., Now these are the kinds of reviews we enjoy seeing posted online. We just added The Flamingos /Sinatra to the Pandora playlist for Juliana.

4.1 Stars
Juliana

"Walk in, sit down, order the fried chicken and waffles. Seriously. If you go here you might see me sitting at the bar, crooning "I Only Have Eyes For You" at my plate. If you do ignore my advice, everything else on the menu is reasonably priced and delicious (especially the flatbreads and the Guinness with the vanilla vodka on top -- mmmm). Pro tip: This is an excellent spot for large groups/corporate events.", null, Thank you WBZ | CBS Boston for the great write up on Boston's Best Fall Cocktails! It's a pleasure to be listed with Eastern Standard Kitchen & Drinks, Hamersley's Bistro, Franklin Cafe and Masa.

http://boston.cbslocal.com/top-lists/bostons-best-fall-cocktails/
, null, null, Our sister restaurant Central Wharf Co. is becoming a hot spot for function/event bookings. If you have not had a chance to visit as yet, here are some shots of the space. , Congratulations to all the winners and participants from the Absolut Bloody Competition! Check out a couple of the photos below., Next week our friends at Dillon's are catering the FireFighters calendar release party Royale. If you are free Thursday, stop by and support the Burn Foundation. Tickets are available at http://royaleboston.com/events/turn-up-the-heat-boston-firefighters-calendar-launch/, Looks like we might get a couple more weekends out of the patio!, null, Be sure to check out our friends over at Sterlings tomorrow for their first annual Great American Patio Party from 2pm-5pm! Get your tickets now before they run out!, null, See you all there on Sunday!, TGIF, Just tapped Harpoon Pumpkin UFO! We know it's still August but it sure feels like fall today!, Everybody has been voting everyday right? For those of you that have THANK YOU! Kayley is in 2nd place, now lets move her into first!, Keep voting! Remember you can vote once a DAY!, Join us on the patio at Sterling's on Saturday, September 20th for an afternoon filled with endless craft beers, oysters, chowder & more as we kick off fall 2015 in Boston!

$25 tickets. Sample over 20 beers from 5 local breweries, delicious food & live music.

Proceeds from the event will benefit The Great American Foundation and their efforts to support The Alliance for Children.
, Come say hi to Colleen if you are at the #BigCue event tonight!, Everyone vote for Kayley's Kickin Sweet and Tangy Bloody Mary and then come in and have one! , https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10152275871465679&id=117154940678, Stop by the patio and start your weekend early with some summer cocktails! #regram from @trueNE_79 #boston #cocktail #granarytavern #greenway #drinks, Come see these smiling faces on the patio tonight!, Thank you Stucu for naming us one of Boston's BEST date spots! 
, How's our new roasted garlic, spicy sausage and broccoli flatbread look? Come by next week and try it out along with some other new items and some old favorites that will be returning!, Because of all you support and votes Colleen has advanced to the next round of the Cue Cocktail Competition! Who would of thought this little delinquent would some so far.... Come in and try a St. Ruby tonight!, BOSTON"S BEST OF 2014 WINNERS ARE IN.... AND WE ARE EXCITED TO SAY STERLING'S WAS VOTED BEST PATIO BAR! 

"The rat race always kept downtown Boston busy from 9 to 5. But thanks to a spate of exciting new openings, the area is getting foot traffic after office hours. And this spacious (no, huge) patio makes for perfect people watching. Inside, sleek woods and fancy light fixtures telegraph a handsome midcentury cocktail bar, but bring those ’tinis outside to take in fresh air and Sterling’s buzzing social scene.", Have a happy and safe 4th of July from everyone here at the Granary Tavern! If your still in town swing by and say hello we are open all night!, Keep voting! Only a couple days left!, Stop in for one of these bad boys while they last! #Gansett #Dels #Shandy, Every time you vote you get entered into a raffle for tickets to Austin City Limits, so make sure you vote everyday!, Come by and try out Colleen's cocktail and then you will know who to vote for!, Every time you vote you get entered into a raffle for tickets to Austin City Limits, so make sure you vote everyday!
, null, Vote for your favorite cocktail in Boston! , Come down after work and cheer on Team USA!!

http://www.buzzfeed.com/rogaine/10-reasons-team-usa-can-win-the-world-cup, Cheers to our partners at Angels Envy. We have just received our own house blend of bourbon for your enjoyment.  Come by and try some., null, Come by and visit one of our sister stores, 
Hurricane O' Reilly's. They are kicking off country weekends all summer long., Congratulations to all the graduates out there this weekend! Your hard work has paid off and now it's time to celebrate!, Come by today and try #Troegs #Dreamweaver while it's still on tap!, null, As if you needed another reason to stop by and order our delicious apple crisp from now until May 11th all proceeds raised from the purchase of each dessert will be shared with Dana-Farber Cancer Institute to be used in the fight against breast cancer., Come down and support Colleen and Donna at the Movers & Shakers event in the South End at the Boston Center for the Arts. Use the code "Granary" for $5 off., 
Will you be joining us next Wednesday at this event to cheer on Colleen and Donna?

http://networkedblogs.com/VupcK, Thank you to #WTOP in Washington DC for the lovely mention in their write up on craft beer in Boston and to our friends at Stoddard's Food and Ale for letting us know about it! 

,  Looking for the hottest new patio this season (besides us of course!!) check out our sister restaurant Sterling's among other good company! 
,   The sun has been out for two days in a row which means patio season is almost here! So if you know anyone interested in joining our team please refer them to this link!

http://boston.craigslist.org/gbs/fbh/4414951725.html, Going on the El Tour pub crawl today? Then you obviously need to stop by and see us first... Brunch until 1 and full lunch menu until 4! See you all soon!, null, It's finally spring in Boston!!!, Happy St. Patrick's Day from everyone at the Granary Tavern! Come by and say hello we have both bars open all day!, Come by for our Corned Beef and Cabbage Boiled Dinner to soak up some of that beer this weekend!, Our good friend Coogan's Boston has made the final in the #StPatricksDayShowdown

Show them support and give them your vote!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/bracket/st-patrick-s-day-showdown/220,  Coogan's Boston is in the Final Four of the #StPatricksDayShowdown, Come by and say good bye to Mike this weekend before he leaves us for 9 to 5 land!!, Friday night service in full swing!, null, Come by tomorrow to see which flavors of cupcakes we have decided on for Valentines Day! Enjoy one here or pick up some to bring back to the office!, https://www.facebook.com/irishtimes/posts/10152271560825955

One if our original opening chefs making waves in Ireland. Congratulations Cuan Greene!!!, #House-Made #Falafel Pita Roll Up! Now on our #lunch #menu ! #new #vegetarian #tzatziki, Wil this item make the cut for the #new #menu ? #vegetarian #pita #fresh #veggies, Check out our new sister store located right next door!!, Look who got a #TeddyBear version of Franco for his #SecretSanta gift!, Check out the newest Glynn Hospitality restaurant, it's right next door to us on Milk Street...., Down to our last keg of #MadElf @troegsbeer come and get it while you can! #craftbeer #troegs #beer, Congrats to our very own Jenn Foxon, Half day today? Come grab lunch and start your New Year's Eve off right with a Granary cocktail!, We will be doing brunch until 3 pm this New Years Day for all of you that may of stayed out a little later than usual!, We hope you all enjoy your Christmas down to the last crumb!!!, Just got our order in of Narragansett Autocrat coffee milk stout. Be on the look out for it on our next list., null, #Chef Williams #holiday #cheese plate! #ChristmasTrees #HolidayParties #gorgonzola #brie #farmhouse #cojita #swiss #gouda, Another Chef William creation! #ChristmasTree #MerryChristmas #HappyHolidays #FoodArt, Check out Pablo working the raw bar for our guests tonight! #oysters #clams #shrimp #holiday, It's the #holidays! Stop by for a #craft #beer on #tap!, It's #holiday #party #season! Check out these #food displays!, Now on tap! Come and get while it lasts which won't be for long!!, #Holiday #Decorations are here! #HappyThanksgiving! Who is coming by to help decorate?, Stop by today and say hello, if not we will see you all again on Friday!, Join us at #brunch and you will have as much #fun as Donna!, null, Just wanted to say Happy Birthday and thank you too all the past, present and future Marines out there from everyone here at the Granary Tavern!, Luckily Kayley has plenty of booze to serve you on this Sunday morning!, Come in and try Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Coffee Stout! Aged with Haitian coffee beans in bourbon barrels. Just tell Donna we sent you!, Starting tomorrow we will now be serving food until 1 am on Thursday, Friday and Saturdays!, Don't miss out on tonight's Special Halloween Glow in the Dark Paint Nite Event!

The downstairs of Clerys Boston will be turned into your own personal Glow in the Dark painting rave! Tickets are $45 each, which includes special fluorescent paint and 2 drink tickets.

A fun tip: Wear white or neon so you can glow too! We will also have cardboard masks you can decorate them & really get into the spirit., Did you know that the smell of chocolate can increase the theta brain waves which trigger relaxation? So come in and relax with a slice of our flourless chocolate cake! Happy National Chocolate Day!!!, Have you booked your holiday party yet? We still have a few dates left! Email Krista at GranaryTavern@irishconnection.com for more information., Come join Donna and Heather for Game One!!, Thank you open table guest! Hopefully whoever who you had this evening was as cool as Taylor!, Just tapped Sam Adam's Grumpy Monk Belgian IPA! Come down on your lunch break today and try it out!!!, Come down and watch everyone compete tonight! Mary Whitcher, Chad Fox, Kayley LeFrancois, Dre Haynes, Katlyn Breen, William C Mc Carthy, Josh Saphier, Bruno Mario Prado, Brian Mantz, , See you all Tuesday! It will be fun and it is for a good cause! , Yes today is National Cheeseburger Day! See you all soon for the Granary Cheeseburger!, Mark your calendars... It's time for Round Two of the Battle of the Bartenders!, null, Just tapped today!, Get ready for fall! Come join us for a Southern Tier Pumking, now on draft!, If you are interested in having your holiday party at Granary Tavern, just email Krista at granarytavern@irishconnection.com!!, null, Had some great entertainment courtesy of the Boston Police Gaelic Column of Pipes and Drums. Thanks guys!, null, Sun's going down so now it's time to come have a Sangria on our patio! Niamh and Molly are waiting for you!, Just Bob Buckley and Traci Bingham drinking #2Gingers Whiskey with Scalabrine. 

http://twitter.com/GranaryTavern/status/357339451007045632/photo/1, Everyone is ready for the #2Gingers Whiskey launch party with guest bartender Scalabrine!!, We will be closed to the public until 10  pm this evening to host 2 Gingers Irish Whiskey Launch Party with guest bartender Brian Scalabrine!, On a sunny day like today enjoy your dinner and cocktails on our patio! , Hope to see you all here!, Next Tuesday! See you all there!, Air condition inside, patio is open on the Greenway outside, let that be your toughest choice of the day..., Happy 4th of July Boston!

Brunch and full lunch menu until 2pm!, Celebrating the fourth of July in Boston? We will be opening at 9 am to serve everyone breakfast before the festivities begin!, We sure are proud to win Best Bar in the Financial District from the Improper Bostonian's Bostons Best Issue! Thank you all for making that possible. 

"One of the latest in the retinue of the Glynn Hospitality Group (The Black Rose, Dillon’s, Jose McIntyre’s, etc.), Granary is on the Greenway, housed in an 1816 Bulfinch building with exposed brick–and-wood walls, outdoor dining and a lively cocktail scene. Tall tables, a long bar and dim lights are conducive to flirtation. Half the fun is watching the dolled-up young professionals ogle one another", null, null, null, Carl, Maddy with our server Rachel. Carl and Maddy were our very first customers and returned to the day a year later. A nice Brit couple that love the Granary. "Delicious food and great service"., Thank you all for a great year!!, If you want to avoid the bear and avoid traffic...watch the Bruins tonight from the Granary Tavern., Chef Keenan and William roll out their new summer menu items tonight! Sampling them all is the perfect way to spend this stormy evening., Chefs in Shorts At WTC. 
Tuna sliders with curry paste, Napa cabbage and Soy Tartar sauce. On the menu at our sister restaurant Sterling's, Come in for our house roasted beet salad this evening!!, null, AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLER is rocking the stage for this year's summer block party!, null, Congrats to the newest Glynn Hospitality Restaurant for being one of the hottest openings this year! If you have not stopped by yet it's a gorgeous day to sit on their patio and enjoy a cocktail after work! Located on the bottom level of 60 State St., null, Need something to cool you down? Have a nice crisp and refreshing cider under some shade on our patio!, null, Going to the #bostonstrongconcert tonight? check out our friends at Hurricanes O'Reilly's before the show!, null, Check out our (soon to be famous) Colleen Kennedy mixing her special Summer Sangrias. The sun is out and Colleen is working the bar today so stop in and see her in person!, null, null, Patio season is here!, Buy Tickets Now!
When: Thursday, May 23, 2013, 6pm - 9pm

Where: Upper Rotunda & Ned Devine's Parris Lounge

What: A celebration of  summer menus, tasty dishes, new neighbors & the hottest flavors from the Faneuil Hall neighborhood restaurants & the world famous Quincy Market Food Colonnade.

Craft beer will be on tap, live music will be rocking with Dalton & The Sheriffs... There is no better way to kick off Memorial Day Weekend than at the 1st Annual Taste of Faneuil Hall!, Come in and ask out staff what they learned during their beer training/tasting course!, Our staff's monthly beer training/tasting course!, null, Granary and Sterling's are at Boston Bite Back!, Check out Colleen Kennedy pouring a mean draft beer...., Chef Keenan is supporting the cause and helping to raise proceeds for the The One Fund Boston and will participating in Boston Bites Back. , null, null, Come in and help us support Boston Bakes by eating some of Chef Keenan's delicious Pecan Pie!


http://www.bostonbakesforbreastcancer.org/boston-bakes/, We will be re-opening at 8:30 this evening when the Improper Bostonian Bartenders Party is finished. See you then!!, null, Come visit us for a cocktail after the Food Truck Showdown!, null, Our chef's at Granary Tavern and Dillon's will be part of Boston Bites Back at Fenway Park...Check out what it's all about and get your tickets now at bostonbitesback.eventbrite.com! , This week, Chef Keenan visited radio BDC and shared some of his specialty's from Granary Tavern with them. Listen to what "Henry in the Grub" had to say about it., Chef Keenan and Henry Santoro live this morning on Radio BDC.  They loved us!, Come in tonight and try Chef Keenan's fried okra!, At the concierge trade show! Stop by our table for Keenan's Swedish meatballs or Kelly's chocolate dipped bacon., Sangria is flowing.  Kayley is even finally awake.    Brunch til 2!, Thoughts and prayers to everyone in our beloved city, Chef Keenan is too nice!, Granary helping out at the Susan B Komen at the W Hotel, The new spring menu items have been a huge hit! Come in and check out these BBQ Pulled Pork Potato Chip Nachos today!, We will be closing today at 3:30 for a private event but we look forward to seeing you all tomorrow when we are back to our normal hours!, Chef Keenan has rolled out his new spring menu! Check out some of his new creations like Corn Fried Okra!, Chicken fried chicken with homemade ranch dipping sauce. A Granary classic!, http://knowwhereyourfoodcomesfrom.com/2013/04/01/all-local-dinner-at-bostons-granary-tavern/, Love our spring flowers to compliment the first day of our patio season!, null, A beautiful day for brunch on the patio!, Patio season is here!!, Come and get it while it lasts...which won't be long!, Just brought in Bantam's Wunderkind Cider! Made locally come in and try it soon!, Slowly but surely, the warm weather is approaching! Come in tonight for our refreshing and delicious Cucumber Mint Martini., Don't forget about live music with Joshua Tree tonight Hurricanes O'Reilly's, null, null, null, Our in house meteorologist Vinny says that this is going to burn off anytime now. A small front just passing through...he has shoveled and salted the walkways so we are open to serve you!, null, Did you survive St. Patrick' Day and feeling a little sluggish today? If so, you need a boost of vitamins. How about one of Chef Keenan's roasted beet and arugula's salad to put some goodness back into your system., We are open for brunch at 9am today and tomorrow. Come in for an omelette or some pancakes or perhaps a spicy Bloody Mary to kickstart your Saturday., Thanks to Mike, Chris and Di L. for their postings on Yelp. Thank you for your patronage and for taking the time to write a posting., Stop in tonight and try a refreshing T-Bone Special- Cisco's Triple 8 Blueberry Vodka and soda water. Thanks for the inspiration Travis!, null, Brunch anyone?, Another beautiful New England Day out there. Kinda makes you wanna have one of these doesn't it????, Thank you to 'cleanse your palate' for the blog about the All Local Dinner., Storm shmrorm....Granary Tavern is open for business as usual. Come on by for some hot soup, comfort food and good spirits., Thanks to BosGuy Blog for attending our All Locals Dinner. We appreciate the blog posting., Who is looking forward to spring and some of Chef Keenan's farm to table salads! Right now we have a beautiful beet salad with goat cheese. Sooooo good as Anibel would say!, Get someone to 'take you here' for brunch today. A little sunshine, a little Motown and some Granary Tavern eats. "I wanna go there"., Updated album with new photos for the All Local Dinner. , null, Everyone is loving Keenan's Chicken & Waffles!, Thanks to local culinary contributions from Cisco Brewers of Nantucket, Yankee Farms (Ayer, MA); Carlson Orchards (Harvard, MA); King Arthur (Norwich, VT); Ben’s Sugar Shack (Temple, NH); Sky Vegetables (Amherst, MA); Catania Spanga (Ayer, MA); Westfield Farms, (Hubbardston, MA); Cape Code Salt Works (Orleans, MA); Archer Angus Farms (Chesterville, ME); Cabot (Montpelier, VT); Highland Farm (Lee, MA); Country Hen (Hubbardston, MA); Manheim Farm (Whately, MA)., Thank You @nourish365 for the great blog posting. Hope to see you again soon!, The complete photo album from the Granary Tavern All Local dinner is view-able at Robert Terry website., Thanks to Cisco for their support of the All Local dinner. We proudly serve a number of Cisco products including their craft beers., A few pics of the event from Rober Terry. More to come. , What an amazing evening last night. Full house and smiles all around. Chef Keenan killed it with his all local menu. Blew people away with the baked Alaska. Thanks to Taryn and Katrina for promoting such a great event., It's on!, Calling all local foodies! Tomorrow night Chef Keenan is presenting is ALL Local menu., Help support our friends as the SBN to keep the Local Food Festival a local community event., Thank you to Barbara, Kirby, Karlis, and Meghan! All recent Granary Tavern guests who left reviews on Yelp. Appreciate you taking the time and glad you all had favorable experiences. See you again soon., Great piece about the Granary by Boston Barhopper. Thank you., Good luck to Chefs Tbone, Bruno and Snoggles who are all competing in the chili cup tonight at Ned Devine's. Have fun boys., The Sustainable Business Network of Massachusetts is hosting its first ALLocal Dinner of the year at Granary Tavern! The menu features 3 courses made from 100% locally sourced ingredients accompanied by suggested beer, wine and spirit pairings. Meat or vegetarian/vegan options available. 

Only a few seats left, buy your ticket today! http://bit.ly/WaACn4 ", null, null, Come and support the 'locals'., Another little 'dusting' of snow. Won't be stopping us from opening...in fact serving breakfast and brunch as we speak. Put on those moon boots and make your way down. Sunday/Funday at the Granary. Huervos Rancheros anyone?, A little more info about at friends at the SBN and Boston Local Food., February 26th is our All Local Dinner in partnership with the SBN of Mass. Come out for a tasty evening and support the 'locals'., Keenan & Travis @ TV Diner platinum gala, Chef Keenan at TV Diner platinum gala preparing our Tuna Tartar, Time to throw in our whites and head to Seaport. Chef's Keenan, Paul and Travis will be working a booth at the TV Diner Platinum Plate Gala. Have fun gentlemen!, Thank you to Kimberly, Luc, Jennifer....appreciate the great comments on Yelp. Staff are grateful for the complements. Still at 4-Stars!, After you finish making use of all that snow...make your way down to the Granary Tavern for brunch. Mike B spent all morning clearing the sidewalks for ya., Yes we are open tonight and open again starting at 11 for lunch tomorrow. Come on by and get some grub and some craft beers. A little 'dusting' of snow is not keeping us from being hospitable., Hope the snow clears up before this Friday. We need to be at the TV Diner Platinum Gala....that or we are going to have to install a plow on the front of Paul's truck., Come on gentlemen...candies, cards and gas station flowers just won't do this year. Treat that special someone to an incredible Valentine's Dinner at the Granary. 3 course meal for $40!, Chef Keenan is hosting the ALL LOCAL dinner Feb 26th. Here's a little sample of what's to come...
 
Apple and parsnip salad with arugula and Westfield Farm, MA goat cheese finished with apple cider vinaigrette, grilled skirt steak from Archer Angus Farms, ME...and a delicious dessert topped with Ben's Sugar Shack, NH handmade maple ice cream., Who is going to the 6th annual TV Diner Gala event? If you are there say hello to Chef Keenan, Paul W and Tbone Talbot who will be manning the Granary Tavern booth., Game Day!!! Perhaps some brunch and a few bevvies at the Granary to watch the battle?, February 15th join us at the
TV Diner Platinum Plate Gala at 
Seaport World Trade Center
Chef Keenan has something special lined up for the evening., Thanks to Charlie and the team from Harbour Food Services. Not only were they instrumental in aiding us with the Granary Tavern, have been a HUGE help with the development of Sterling's, but they also are helping to educate our teams with ServSafe training. The whole package with these professionals. Now...what was Paul W's score...inquiring (gambling) minds want to know. :0, Well played! Well played!, I think our Chicken and Waffles have their own chapter!, It's still a bit chilly outside.  Beautiful sunny day but with a bit of a bite to it. If you are out and about on the Greenway or in Faneuil Hall stop in and say hello. Perhaps a bowl of Chef Keenan's clam chowder. Vinny is giving away free oyster crackers.... ;), null, Meet Mike B. Mike was an integral part of the team that opened the Granary Tavern and in a few short weeks, will be opening Sterling's as the General Manager., Thanks to Nicole V for taking the time to Yelp and for the kind words. Greatly appreciated! 64 Reviews to date and trending 4-stars overall. Nice work GT management and staff., It's a little bit chilly out there...a quick solution to the cold. One of Chef Kennan's homemade soups and a nice Irish Coffee from the bar., A disappointing loss for sure but thanks to the Patriot's for a terrific season! Now let's go Bruins!!!, A few photos from our friend Casey Roberts, Is anyone using Foursquare anymore? Yelp? Chowhound? What location based social networking/consumer review tools are you using?, Anyone recognize this handsome feller? Vinny P has been around the scene for a while. From his day with the Kimpton Hotel Group in San Fran to running local hotspots like the Sylvan Street Grille. Vinny was instrumental in the development of the Granary Tavern and now a member of the Glynn Ops Team spearheading the opening of Sterling's on State Street., You know what we say when it snows? "Coffee Drinks!!!", null, You have likely seen this character around town. Mr. Wilson has been a respected authority in the Boston hospitality scene for close to two decades and been involved in the opening of close to 25 successful venues. He is the General Manager of Operations for the Glynn Hospitality Group overseeing all operations for their 9 restaurants and directing it's culinary teams.  After the success of the Granary Tavern, he is now pushing his teams on the opening of Sterling's on State Street., Chef Keenan Langlois cracking a smile. Chef Keenan is a CIA top graduate and traveled across the US and abroad to hone his culinary skills. We are proud to have him as our Executive Chef and to lead culinary operations with the Glynn Hospitality Group., "Too few people understand a really good sandwich." - James Beard. We concur Mr. Beard., The Secret Life of Bourbon Barrels...who knew?, It's Sunday and that = brunch!!!! May we suggest the Hangtown Fryer! A fluffy omelet with fried oysters, sriracha and side of sausages...oh, and a side of Bloody Mary of course., Thanks to Joy E. for the 5-Star review on Yelp. Appreciate your feedback and repeat patronage., What a beautiful New England day out there today! A good day to call up friends and meet at the Granary for a 'sociable' and couple of nibbles. A good day to just BE HAPPY., Oh the shenanigans!, null, Look at this dysfunctionally functional crew. ;D Our opening team from the Granary and about to be the opening team for Sterling's., What do you think of these predicted trends for 2013 as noted by the New York Times? Should Chef Keenan be putting crispy pig ears as an app on the menu?, Photo shoot with Chef Keenan tomorrow. Did you know that Chef Keenan was a top graduate from the Culinary Institute of America! He is not just ridiculously good looking...he is uber talented as well., 1st day of the New Year!!!! Ready to celebrate it with a healthy lunch or if your New Year's officially starts tomorrow...today might be a little hair of the dog. Either way, we got you covered., 32oz bone in Rib Eyes for NY Eve
Happy New Year, Happy New Year! Everyone have a safe night and from the staff and management at the Granary Tavern...all the best in the upcoming year., First time we have heard this expression/request: "Is your restaurant open for drunch?" We pretty much figured it out but has anyone else heard this before and what do you think it means?, And the people have spoken. Thanks to everyone who have visited us and taken the time to make a Yelp review. 4 Stars....we will take it! :), "Serving Up Rustic Appeal and Comfort Food" - Just Luxe, What a beautiful sunny day AND it's Friday!!!! See you for happy hour and for dinner., "A drink precedes a story." - Irish Proverb. A rainy day in Beantown. A good time to meet up with friends or co-workers and craft a few stories. ;), Had enough 'quality' family time with the In-Laws over the holidays? Well, the Granary Tavern is here for you. Open today to help you through these trying times. :), Happy Holidays everyone! All the best from the staff and management from the Granary Tavern and the Glynn Hospitality Group., We think we found the perfect stocking stuffer for Chef Keenan!, null, The positive reviews keep on pouring in! If you haven't checked us out yet, you truly are missing out!, No need for all this muss and fuss. At the Granary Tavern we have been using the same fish and chip recipe that the Black Rose has been using for over 30 years. Literally millions of tourists think the Rose recipe is perfection. Come try it out. , Did we mention that Chef Keenan is a chemist? This is one of his favorite elements....like when he combines it with the Granary Tavern burger the chemical reaction is sooooo satisfying!, Congratulations to our friends at Dillon's! They have entered the final four of the competition and now up against CBS...tough company (no pun intended). Support the hometown team and give the folks at Dillon's a wicked awesome click of support., Happy Birthday to our friend and fearless leader - Vinny! Hope somebody 'surprises' him today with some good cheer., A few pics from the Russian Standard samplings at the Granary Tavern. Great Food, Great People, Great Times!, And if a hearty breakfast doesn't cure ya we also have...., Before you head out on the town for a big Saturday night...write it on your hand, "Granary for Brunch". We got the cure for what will be ailing ya in the morning., null, "Great reviews from the professional critics are the worst. They mislead you more than the bad ones, because they only fuel your ego. Then you only want another one, like potato chips or something, and the best thing you get is fat and bloated."  - Chazz Palminteri. Ha...well, with that in mind we are keeping things svelt and working on our figure., Come on down, have a bite, soak in the ambiance, chat with staff, sip a craft beer and let us know what you think and what the masses are talking about., Colleen was inspired at an early age by one of the best bartenders of our time! Her latest development is the GranarySmith Apple: applejack, sour apple puckers, and house crafted cinnamon simple syrup served over the rocks. How you like them apples?, Our friends at Dillon's are in the lead but those things can change over night with online contests. Support them and give them a click as they compete for NECN's Boston's Best Sports Bar Dish., Granary Tavern is being featured on Phantom Gourmet again today. Tune into the deliciousness!, And the best New Bar is..... Granary Tavern! Thank you to everyone that has made the newest Glynn Hospitality Group location a success!, The Nightlife Awards are tomorrow...Granary Tavern is nominated for Best New Bar. Fingers are crossed! Our friends at Dillon's are still in the running for NESN's Boston's Best Sports Bar Dish. Give them some support and give them a click., Have you tried Chef Keenan's Steak Frittes? Diet shmiet!, A terrific couple of weeks for the Glynn Hospitality Group.  Last week the Granary was nominated as best new bar (don't forget to vote with the link below) and this week Dillon's is in competition for NESN's best sports bar snack (give them a click while you are at it :), Granary Tavern has been nominated for the best new bar for the Nightlife Awards! Cast your vote now at www.nightlifeawards.com, null, Come in and see Colleen for an Angry Pumpkin and some "bar therapy" all night tonight!, null, http://www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/uncategorized/gobble-gobble/, Thanks to the folks at Biz-Bash for including us in their publication., null, Well it wasn't even a competition. Chef Keenan once again proved he IS the soup master. His French Onion soup w/ braised short rib was outstanding! Cassey's albondigos soup was definitely in the running though., Jambalaya!!!!! Chef Keenan suffers for his soups! Tomorrow night is the soup throwdown where the underlings (FOH) staff see if their soup can compete with Keenan's classics., Remember...it's more than just a long weekend or just one day to honor our troops. Take the time today if you didn't yesterday to remember and respect our troops!, Who says patio season is over! Not for us...throw on a sweater, grab a seat on that patio and sample a Saranac caramel porter and warm up with Chef Keenan's carrot and corriander soup. Sounds like a pretty good plan to us!, Berkshire Pork Chop with mashed yukon potatoes, green beans and pickled pepper brown gravy. Delish!, Our Chef Keenan getting a nice mention in the recent issue of Where Now, Boston., Chef Keenan and Jenny in Movember mode., Come in from out of the cold and watch the Celtics game tonight. A nice Irish coffee and some of Chef Keenan's from scratch soup - that's the way to spend a Wednesday night., Now serving Kentucky Bourbon Ale on tap at the Granary Tavern!, Do be glum Milton and forget about those TPS reports. Move your office over to the Granary today. Free wireless, outlets at the bar and New England comfort food. Just need to bring your own Swingline., Halloween might be over but we still have plenty of 'treats' for all the adults. Come by and try one of Colleen's tasty pumpkin cocktails at the Granary., Just Kidding!!! Our new Sous Chef William makes outstanding soups that he wants you to have. SOUP FOR YOU all day today at the Granary., It's Friday and the weekend is here! Who is in for some craft cocktails, good eats and great times? It may not be a Dieter dance party but the Granary Tavern still has a terrific party atmosphere., So we are definitely known for our Chicken and Waffles...but did you know that our Granary Burger is our number two crowd favorite/seller! Have to get it with the fried egg and the comeback sauce. Look at how delish it looks in this Phantom Gourmet episode!, Have you liked our friends over at Sterling's yet? Good as time as any to make friends as construction has started and they are shooting for a December opening., Chef Keenan's debut on TV Diner. Thanks Jenny!, Watch chef Keenan on TV Diner today fat 10am and again at 7pm, We know it's still October,however the festive season parties are starting to roll in.  Book your company Xmas party soon before it's too late. Chef Keenan's Xmas menu is now available., Our Halloween dinner with Bacardi is tomorrow at 6pm. 5 course dinner paired with specialty Bacardi cocktails and one lucky guest walking away with Patriots tickets! Take a look at the menu and get your tickets quick.. limited seating available! www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/store, Recently aired episode on Granary Tavern from Phantom Gourmet. Watch this weekend for the airing of TV Diner feature on the GT!, Top 5 chicken & waffles in New England!!!!, Chicken & Waffle' s for TV Diner, Jenny Johnson and the TV Diner crew are in the Granary Today w/ Chef Talbot. We are included in their top 5 list. The last shoot w/ Chef Keenan airs this Saturday at 10am and 7pm, Football Sunday!!!!! Granary Tavern is showing the game downstairs. Home cooking, craft beers, the Patriot's and Kayley on the bar...need any another reasons to join us for the game?, For the 'Perfect Pint' you need to visit our friends at the Black Rose. At the Granary we are all into craft beers and just changed our lineup of drafts for the winter season. We are currently pouring Left Hand Brewing Co. - Milk Stout! Enjoy a pint here, then a Guinness at the Rose and let us know which one you prefer., It's Friday!!!, Sunday, October 21, at 11am, on TV38...that's when the feature episode of the Granary Tavern will air on Phantom Gourmet. Check it out and let us know what you think., Talk about a couple of Ham's!!! We thought we were serving Mahi at this event but apparently served with a side of Ham it Up., Thanks to all of our customers and fans for taking the time to post Yelp reviews. We sincerely appreciate the positive comments and feedback., Thanks to Aaron and Rachel for including us in the recent issue of Eater Boston. This 'shop talk' piece was a lot of fun - sitting in the Granary and chewing the fat about the opening of Sterling's., "A Hidden Jewel" - We like the sounds of that! Thank you to the Phantom Gourmet team and crew. , http://vimeo.com/51176102, http://www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/uncategorized/granary-tavern-hosts-halloween-themed-bacardi-dinner/, Great photo from a customer of the exterior of Granary Tavern. Can't wait until our actual proper signage arrives! But still a great photo., Yup...that look on Paul's face pretty much says it all...I think Gabrielle was wearing him down with her enthusiasm. lol., A couple hundred roasted pumpkin soups served and still a happy team!, Hey Ladies...Chefs Keenan, Paul and myself will be at the 'Local Food Festival' on the Kennedy Greenway today. Come on by for some locally sourced roasted pumpkin soup and Berkshire slow cooked BBQ pork sliders., The Granary Team are on the Greenway tomorrow for the Boston Local Food Festival. Come by and say hello and taste some local delicacies ala Tavern style., Smoked and glazed hams, braised pork bellies, dry rubbed spiced ribs, collard greens, jalepeno cornbreads, buttermilk biscuits, southern slaw, pecan pie and pumpkin pie - all using locally sourced products. It's a pork-ocopia of good times and good eats. , Did someone say "Pig Roast"?, null, Congrats to the team at Sterling's! We are all looking forward to it., null, Get your vote in...competition ends at 1pm. Cheers!, Big Party tonight at the Granary Tavern with Improper Bostonian and then the Jameson party on Wednesday and the Greenway Event Sunday. Chef Keenan is on creative culinary whirlwind this week., A cold and rainy day...come warm up with some of Chef Keenan's butternut squash soup. Delicious doesn't even begin to describe this bowl of heaven., Tv Diner at the Granary Sampling New Fall Menu, http://www.financefoodie.com/2012/09/rustic-modern-at-granary-taverns.html, null, null, We were "SPOTTED"... check us out..., null, We find out next week when the Phantom Gourmet episode on the Granary Tavern will air. Stay tuned. Other than that...we will see you after work tonight., A pumpkin/chai martini...fall is here after all. Mike B...what do you have for the nice people in terms of classic seasonal cocktails coming up?, null, Big day of fashion and food tomorrow at the Granary. 'Rock Your Fall Fashion'!, Did you know today is National Cheeseburger Day? Come by the Granary and get a grass fed burger with Vermont cheddar., Don't miss out on our Sam Adams Fall Beer Dinner tomorrow night!!!, Thursday September 20th at the Granary Tavern. Fashion and Food!, We are working on our new fall menu. What kind of comfort food dishes would you like to see this winter at the Granary Tavern? Give us your thoughts. What about something like a slow cooked beef stroganoff? Something along those lines?, null, null, null, null, Zagat just listed our special chicken and waffles as one of the ' 7 must try dishes' for the fall. Love the company of top-notch restaurants on the list. We are in good company as they say!, null, Granary Tavern number 7 on the Eater Boston Heatmap for September. Niiice!, Don't Miss out!!!!, http://www.glynnhospitalitygroup.com/store/categories/sam-adams-beer-dinner/?preview=true&preview_id=1118&preview_nonce=bd5446f954, Last week Eater Boston voted us in as one of the top 38 restaurants, yesterday Zagat voted us as top 8 hottest bars in city. Must be doing something right. Happy Weekend everyone!, null, Fashion Show hosted by CT from the Real World. Mark the date on  your calendar., null, null, Have you tried Chef Keenan's heirloom tomato salad? Seriously! Summer goodness on a plate., The Granary Tavern staff supports the cause and registers 30 people as official bone marrow donors. , 3-5pm today at the Granary we are hosting a bone marrow drive. Simple 4 minute process to get swabbed and register. You never know...you might be that 1 in 20,000 for a kid waiting for a match. , The Granary Team making the pages of Boston.com. I am not sure but is Paul Wilson looks like he is forcing Jenny Johnson to stay with us for the picture. That or it's a definite 'FAIL' on the old handshake. lol., The Granary Tavern is hosting a Bone Marrow Drive this Saturday between 3pm and 5pm. It's a painless and quick procedure. Come down enjoy a pint, have a nibble and get cheeky and give a swab. Do it for Giovanni!, Chef Keenan in the kitchen this week. Maybe one of his specials will be the 'poppa-a-cawn-de-shrimpies'., Examiner listed our mahi mahi as "sophisticated bites". Obviously they didn't speak to our team or that would perception would have went right out the window., Chef Keenan gets a nice shout out from Mr. Cutler., Hmmm....didn't see the Granary Tavern on this list. Maybe next year. We weren't open when they went to press. :) , If you haven't tried it yet...the country pork pate is simply indulgent.   Order up a board today and share with some friends. You won't be disappointed. Pair it up with a Pork Slap Pale Ale., null, What to look forwrad to at TV Diner's event at "Lookout Farms" tomorrow, Banana French Toast with Nutella. Vinny's crazy delicious and indulgent offering to the Granary's brunch menu. Who needs to feed their Nutella addition?, Just Add Cheese blog was kind enough to include us in their Food Porn Friday edition. Thanks folks!, null, Good luck to all the golfers that are participating in the Glynn Hospitality Group charity golf tournament today. Enjoy the weather and we will see you for dinner after the tourney., Oh Snap!!!! We just realized it's National Lemonade Day today!!! Come grab a seat on the patio and ask for one of Mike Barry's 'spirited' lemonades., Enough said. See you for lunch. , Well maybe not pizza but how about flatbread? In fact, how about our country ham and peas with a light bechamel sauce., It's a comfort food kinda day. Come and taste what everyone on Yelp is raving about...our chicken and waffles with bourbon maple syrup., Fore!!!! Big golf tournament on Tuesday for Cops for Kids with Cancer., Rains have subsided and patio is open for business for the day/night. Things have cooled off just a little which means its the ideal kinda day for a PorkSlap!, Check out what is happening tonight from our good friends over at Dillon's Boston , Definitely never heard the term 'drunk as a wheelbarrow'. Granary Tavern now noted as a place where Ben Franklin would drink by AskMen.com, If you didn't already know fast food was evil - this is proof. lol. Come down and eat some good, real, tasty food., Chef Keenan is on the line today. Come on down and try his Farmers Market salad. Good and good for you., null, Love the line, "...Faneuil Hall needs a place like this.", The Granary Team representing us well last night at the Boston Magazine event. Sounds like 'Team Amstel' were a hit with the Granary Style Corn. Nice work boys. , Belkin Farms on August 26th. After the rave reviews about our corn at last night's Battle of the Burger event...wondering if we should serve it at this event. What would you rather have...corn or mahi mahi?, Thanks to Charlie, Angelo, Will, Demus and all the great folks at Harbor Food Equipment. An absolutely terrific team to work with. See you boys all again with Sterling's., Good luck to our boys Chef Paul and Chef Travis as they represent the Granary Tavern at the Battle of the Burger event by Boston Magazine later today!! Put on some sun screen boys! For those that are going to event - enjoy our gourmet corn!, Tomorrow at Black Falcon Terminal Chef Paul and Travis will be representing the Granary Tavern at the Battle of the Burger. Stop by say hello to the boys and sample some of the Granary Tavern's Farm top Table bites., All of our staff loves Chef Keenan's foundue.... Kayley might like it more than the rest however!, It's not only hot outside...we made the Hot100 list for Stuff Magazine. Suh-weet. Now everyone get down here and cool down...the crafts in cans are on ice!, The Granary Tavern made Eater Boston's 'Heat Map'. Thanks guys., FOUR!!!!! Golf Tournament is right around the corner...who wants to join in and support a great cause at the same time?, Summer is still shining upon us. Come enjoy the weather on our patio overlooking the Greenway and sip on a Tavern Sling. Hendrick's gin, St. Germain, mint, fresh squeezed lime and splash soda., Oh boy were staff happy when this food shoot was done. Nom. Nom. Nom., Wachusett Blueberry in a frosty can. One of the many craft beers we have sitting on ice waiting to be cracked. Going to be a beautiful day on our patio to refresh with a cold one, This weekend Chef Keenan will be launching his menu of desserts with something special for you 'chocaholics' out there., http://bostonrestaurants.blogspot.com/2012/07/food-fest-at-lookout-farm-coming-to.html?m=1, If you like pate you are going to LOOOOVE Chef Keenan's housemade country pate served with pickled onions, toast points, grainy mustard and homemade pickled., Oysters are soooo on the half shell tonight!, If you can't make it to the Granary today and are in the Back Bay, stop by and see our close friends at Dillon's. Big event tonight in support of St. Baldrick's., Thanks to a fellow foodie for the great shout out. Eat and Sip in the City., Looking forward to the Battle of the Burger event August 7th and the Food Fest at Lookout Farm Aug 21st. Fun, Fun, Fun in the sun cooking up a storm!, Did someone say "flatbread's", This is the burger the whole town is talking about our own blend of meats, maple pepper bacon, free range egg ,hand cut fries and "come back sauce", null, We are very lucky to be featured on an episode of Phantom Gourmet. Shooting takes place on Friday lunchtime at the Granary Tavern. Come on down and join in the festivities. You never know, you might get discovered just like Megan Fox., Now that's what we call a "fresh lobster roll " with homemade potato chips and house made pickles, Summer awesomeness! Smoked salmon flatbread with light bechamel sauce, red onions, capers, Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, capers and creme fraiche. Come on now...doesn't that sound delish?, Coming soon to the Faneuil Hall area,  another great addition to the Glynn Hospitality Group portfolio of restaurants. , We now have Ice-T on tap at the Granary Tavern. lol. But seriously we do...both sweetened and unsweetened., Is Bruno going to shave his quaff for the cause? If so our staff will definitely show up with cameras in hand. Good luck guys!, Thanks to the folks at Boster Eater., Please take a moment and like/vote for our friend Chef Talbot as he competes for the Gentleman's Call with Ketel One. Party It Forward as he says., Good luck to our friend and loyal customer Maureen. She is jumping out of a perfectly good airplane this weekend for a great cause. Be safe and good luck., Love that they included the picture of our custom made draft taps. Sweeet!, It's now on the menu!!! Chef Keenan has added the Cioppino to the gastronomic lineup at the Granary Tavern., Please don't get 'Hangry'. Come to the Granary Tavern and we will ease your pain. Keep your emotional state in check today with a fresh Farmers Market salad or some fried green tomatoes, Exactly! And to that we also say, 'Eat Well'! Come on down and enjoy a market fresh Farmers Salad or a beautiful mahi mahi with a mango salsa. Delish and healthy offerings., Well the boys are at it again! After a successful opening of the Granary Tavern, the dynamic (and mostly goofy duo) of Paul W and Tbone Talbot are now working on our soon to be sister restaurant in Faneuil Hall - Sterling's. Good luck boys!, We promise our breakfast/brunch would be so chaotic! Come to the Granary and enjoy breakfast and refreshments 'uninterrupted'., A wee bit humid today! Cut the mugginess with a refreshing 'Ginger Rogers' cocktail. Svedka vodka, ginger liqueur fresh squeezed lemon, mint and splash of Gingerale., Interesting article...We think the Granary Tavern burger is a definite competitor and willing to throw down with the best of the best in town.  It might be our special blend of meats, the 'comeback' sauce or the maple smoked pepperbacon that makes it a contender...come down and try and decide for yourself., Still celebrating the 4th of July all through the weekend with USDA awesomeness. Come visit us and dive into a plate of steak frites., Happy 4th of July everyone. Come on down and enjoy some down home cooking...may we suggest the chicken and waffles?, Our friend laurie with some of our veterans. Granary Tavern is a Vet friendly venue and employer. In fact, we just received a citation from the DOD for our Vet friendly practices. We love and appreciate our troops!!!, A nice letter from our friends and partners at the Pine Street Inn. Thanks guys!, null, Trending 4.5 stars. Niiiiiice!, What a beautiful day to have brunch on the patio., null, null, null, null, Wow..can't believe how far we came in a very, very short time frame!, Sweeeeet Rhubarb!!!! Some great ideas to 'borrow' from here for our daily Farmers Market Salad. Thank you Epicurious for making our jobs a little easier. , We think we have a new contender in the Boston annual clam chowda competition. @paulwilson's smokey seafood chowda is killer!!! With clams, fingerling potatoes, squid and smoked cod it is a rich, delicious indulgence. The Black Rose has won the competition many years but we think there is a new Raging Bull in town., A nice little review from Thrillist Boston!, Intro from Grubstreet., First customer review on Yelp and we got 4 stars. Considering that it was opening weekend and all the challenges we will definitely take it! Thanks Lynn...we are glad you enjoyed the experience!, After a breakfast, lunch and dinner service the boys are starting to get lazy. : ), Well first day of opening for food yesterday and one of the big winners with the customers was the grilled corn in the husk with aged cheese and citrus aioli. It's a messy sucker though so don't order if wearing a tux as one gentleman learned., Still waiting for that last permit but nice to get a little more ink., Curses!!!! We weren't successful in getting that one last approval today so we weren't able to fire up the grill or open the doors just quite yet. Tomorrow it is going to happen if I have to arm wrestle a city official myself! Well, looks like we are going to just have to participate in the Jose's Block Party instead!, 1 Inspection to go!!! Thanks to Melissa Ostrow and Ubran Daddy for coming down yesterday and taking some fantastic photos. Everyone check out the Urban Daddy Boston website for the slide show., See what we are all about! , I have 4 tickets to the Red Sox game to anyone that brings in some sushi for us boys that have to work late into the night. Who wants to make a deal?, And the countdown is on...literally. We have hit the button and looking to open in 36 hours. Just in time for the block party. Nothing like a 'soft' opening with 3000 people outside your front door. No problemo., null, Last minute menu change today...caprese salad has been swapped out for the fried green tomato salad., Scaffolding came down today so first look at new windows. That all used to be one solid wall of brick.  Patio getting installed in next day., For Father's Day we are going to whip up a little comfort food...chicken and waffles anyone? (Thomas Keller recipe), Almost ready to open. The aged beef is being delivered, Another quick little sneak peak at the new venue. All furniture arrived today...here is the restaurant space on second floor facing the Greenway., null, Pics just after opening for the new rustic-modern restaurant and bar in the financial district, Ohhhhhh.....that reclaimed barnwood is coming out so nice. , So last night at the Dillons/MDA charity event we sampled our recipe for sweet shrimp and corn fritters with jalapeno whipped cream and brown sugar/tequila syrup. SUCCESS! A nice addition to the Granary Tavern menu!, Staff orientation starts tomorrow night. Going to have to dig into 'The Office' files for a really good opening speech., null, So during interviews one applicants says, "So what do you do here?" and it made me think. (Scooby doo wavy intro....), null, It's a good thing when trucks fill the street and equipment is stacked up outside waiting for a new home., This will be our lesson for today kiddies as we finish up the punch list of construction, unload trucks of equipment, prepare for 4 days of orientation and await permit approvals. Just keep calm and carry on., null, Here is the actual menu that we are opening with. Farm to table, New England regional cuisine, rustic kitchen, local vendors, Slow Food principles but still soooo yummy! Vinny and Nikki are working on the dessert and brunch menus which are coming soon., Also added to the menu these past couple days - Steak Frites, It's official...after much debate about the deliciousness of ice cream, we have added the Ice Cream Sammy to the menu. Now all Vinny and I have to battle over is which flavors of ice cream, null, After two days and a couple hundred people interviewed...we are thinking to ourselves...where were the cameras? Talk about some good Reality TV content!!! Some scary moments, some drama, some hilarious moments. We laughed, we cried....good times but most importantly - some great people., It's only 11am...that Sam's glass will have a different hue by about 9pm., Our sister restaurant Dillon's is hosting their annual Fire Fighters Charity Bachelor Auction. We will be attending...it's for a good cause and last year was a great party!, Interviews all day today and tomorrow. Fingers are crossed for personable and engaging people...who also have a sense of humor of course., Yikes...those meatballs were a little on the spicy side. Might need to tame that down a bit. lol. Ten days to tweak all of our recipes before we go 'live'., We had to change our name. Them lawyers can be sooo picky.lol, Well apparently there are no secret openings anymore...just days after acquiring our license and approval the word is out on our sister restaurant opening later this summer, At the Pine Street Inn today in Boston interviewing culinary students for the Granary. What a great program they have here...other restaurateurs are missing out by not tapping into this incredible resource pool of talent and enthusiasm., That's what we say to the stress and restaurant impossible position., About 3 weeks to go and still looooooads of work to be done. Impossible some would say so...but not us. Our mantra these days...(see above posting), Don't forget to be thankful for those that have and continue to make sacrifices. A heartfelt thanks to all the men and women of the armed forces!, I want my baby back, baby back, baby back ribs! It's the kick off to BBQ season! Get in my belly!!!!, Wellfleet oysters from the Cape...soooooo delicious. 3 weeks and we will be enjoying a few sitting on the patio., Approximately 3 weeks till opening. For all those interested applicants, we will be conducting a job fair in the first week of June. We will confirm dates and times next early next week., Sangria, Sangria, Sangria! Enjoy the long weekend everyone!, Would it be considered decadent or just plain wrong to have this for breakfast?, Oh...in the name off all things savory and sweet....what do you think about the idea of a little Bacon Brittle for dessert?, We are off to Maine today for some R&D., We hope to make this list one day soon. Working diligently on tweaking our recipes., And guess what else is in season...How do you like yours?, Homemade summer cocktails!!! Who is up for some deliciousness and ensuing fun?, Now that is what we call a favorable customer review. Not quite a Yelp or Zagat review but sincere and to the point. lol., Congrats to our sister restaurant @dillonsboston with another successful charity event. We hope that we can keep pace and be just as successful with our upcoming community events. , Luckily we have 2 bars on 2 floors and are really working on our service delivery with FOH teams. What do you think...is the service better at the bar than a table?, Cioppino- A delicious seafood stew made with tomatoes and a variety of fish & shellfish.
Can't wait, MMMMMMMMM!, Wouldn't today be a dynamite today for some grilled lobster, drawn herb butter and a refreshing summer salad? Our hood vents were installed this AM...can almost smell those babies cooking up now., null, "Understanding how to operate a successful restaurant is a lot like having a hangover; until you actually experience it, you just don't know what it's like." - Diamond Jim Brady. Yeah we would say that is an accurate description but the fun before the hangover is worth it!, Dynamite video and such a simple recipe. Love it!, Great news!!!! In addition to conducting interviews today we just realized that it's Brunch Week! That means once we have some culinary team members on board we can test/eat brunch items all week.http://www.saveur.com/, We want his kid on our culinary team! Did we mention that our menu focuses on Slow Food and Locavore offerings?, Alterna-rita's...something tasty options here. Might have to have an R&D day to see if any of these should make our cocktail list. , Interviewing chefs and kitchen staff all week for the Grain Exchange. Tons of conversation about food...sooo many inspiring ideas about crafting healthy offerings., A mention from Boston Restaurants Blog. Thanks again!, Boston Herald showing us a little love. Thank you. , A little blurb about us today on Boston Eater website. , null, null, Our newest posting for kitchen staff. lol., null, Today would have been an awesome day to sit on the patio, look at the Greenway and have a nice little nosh. 6 weeks away!, Hmmmm....was going to play with recipes today. Needing a little inspiration. Foodgawker here we come. , Know of anyone looking for a challenge and their next career stepping stone in hospitality?, Doing interviews for management and our culinary team all day today. Still accepting applications so if you know of any motivated and passionate individuals send them our way., Roast Beef Cooked fresh daily for an amazing Roast Beef Sandwich.......Tell us where you have had your favorite., Press Release Issued Today. , A beautiful spring day. A vibrant and refreshing beet salad anyone, And because we like to be a little creative and have fun with our food...how about a grilled cheese as a 'topper' on a cup of tomato soup, Today is the ideal kind of day for a simple soup and sandwich combination. Comfort food made from scratch daily and seasonal ingredients...mmmmm., You HAVE to have the classics on the menu - New England Clam Chowder w/ oyster crackers., Vans! Potential standard issue footwear for the uniform at the Grain Exchange. Funky and casual. Not necessarily this issue but an eclectic mix of styles. What do you think?, null, Menu development is going well...It's getting exciting now!, The Grain Exchange is located at 170 Milk Street on the Greenway. Two floors, two bars, a patio and open kitchen, it has a capacity for approx. 250 people. Open for limited breakfast/brunches, lunch, dinner, after work crowds, dining and late night snacking. 

Like the design/décor, the menu and concept are intended to be expressions of simplicity executed to perfection. Rustic and modern elements meld seamlessly to create a casually-stylish environment. 

The menu will focus on healthy preparations, locally sourced ingredients; simple comfort food concepts flattered by contemporary accompaniments. The menu will be relatively small in size (no more than 25-30 items) with an emphasis on seafood, fresh offerings and dynamic presentations. There will also be a focus on charcuterie, oyster bar offerings and flat breads., Opening in just a couple of months! Looking for talented, creative, enthusiastic management and kitchen leaders. Please forward resumes to glynnhospitality@gmail.com, Are you ready for the next progression in your career? Are you a student and ready for the real deal? The Grain Exchange is accepting applications for creative and committed culinary professionals., Marathon Monday in Boston and its expected to hit in the 80's. Next year at this time that will mean only one thing at the Grain Exhange = patio time on the Greenway, This week Paul and I will be strolling the North End looking for the best cured meats for the charcuterie menu., Island Creek Oysters & Sauvignon Blanc on the patio.....can't wait, Working hard to get open for summer and of course - patio drinks! Who is in for tipping a few jars?, Or a white chocolate fondue?, null, Everything old is new again...thinking about bringing back the fondue. An appetizer fondue and chocolate dessert fondue. What do you think?, Nice touch. Something to consider to compliment all of our soon to be delicious locavore offerings., Another couple of months and the taps will be flowing!, Tempting Choices of menu items to come at The Grain Exchange, The Grain Exchange coming this summer to the Greenway Downtown Boston., null, The logo for the new restaurant - Grain Exchange. Pretty slick!, Cioppino....where is the best you have ever enjoyed or do you have a killer recipe we should be considering? Might be some frosty cold one's in it for you. lol., null, The Scotch eggs were such a big hit at the @dillon's event on Saturday they are definitely hitting the menu at the Grain Exchange!)