List(#ProTip., Do #NationalTaterDay right with our SWEET POTATO TOTS! 

Sided with honey dijon horseradish sauce for dipping👌 👌 👌, This isn't as easy as you may think., #TwoRoadsRACE swag!, Woot woot!, Pretty cool to make it on this list!, Are you ready for tomorrow's #TwoRoadsRACE & tap takeover?!

→RSVP/info: http://bit.ly/22z3SYb, Lots of local options! Down the Road Brewery Hooligan Nut Brown and all those bottle & can specials. 

View the updated list here: http://bit.ly/1RgNcOV, null, null, We'll be opening up at 5pm on Easter Sunday!, What did you get last time you spun the wheel?

(photo by @freejazzcat), Updated staff picks & large format bottles!, LOADED CHICKEN NUGGETS: on special now!

Lightly fried chicken nuggets topped with melted Monterey jack cheese, bacon bits, jalapeños, chipotle aioli, and chopped scallions., Are you ready for next week's #TwoRoadsRACE & tap takeover?!

→RSVP/info: http://bit.ly/22z3SYb, Indeed.

(photo by @roblabrecque), ICYMI: this is happening next week!, Dogfish Squall DIPA!!!, Thanks everyone for coming to our cider night!

(photo by @jackie_cain), Getting ready for tonight's cider tap takeover!, The time has come. See you tonight!, Now serving the St. Patty Burger special: a seared patty of corned beef topped with whiskey bacon, saurkraut, beer mustard, and Irish whisky cheese. #WOW, null, Cider cans/bottles!

Coming to tomorrow night's event? Info here: http://on.fb.me/1M1pLG1, This AVOCADO & HUMMUS DOG is still on special! Come devour one (or five) while you have the chance., CIDER NIGHT is approaching!, We will be closed tomorrow, March 14, for a staff holiday party. See you Tuesday!, Yoanna headed over to Jack's Abby Craft Lagers to do some research!, CONGRATS Far From The Tree Craft Hard Cider for winning Drink Craft Beer's Champion of Beer (Cider) 2016! We're so stoked for you!, The Buck Burger: best lunch deal ever. EVER., Two more for our Cider Tap Takeover on March 18:

Artifact Cider Project New World, a dry New England cider, & Artifact Wild Thing, a dry cider conditioned with wild yeast!

→ Event info: http://on.fb.me/1M1pLG1, We're ALWAYS in the mood for Mac & Cheese.

Cavatappi pasta smothered in cheddar, Swiss, blue cheese mozzarella, and parmesan with a side of buttered toast.

Mix in extras like chicken, bacon, and broccoli!, A good one by @sdcherto 💯, #ProTip., We have another cider tap takeover coming up on March 18! More details soon., Now a dog special., HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY TO US!!!🎉🎉🎉, Try our special homemade AVOCADO HUMMUS while you can. It's good for you!!, What is your #ProTip?, BUKOWSKI., Spencer IPA. Far From The Tree Craft Hard Cider Nova in cans. Castle Island Brewing Co. tall boys. ALL THE THINGS!, Almost time! RARE day with Goose Island, 8:15-9pm tonight., We're ready for RARE day!

Full bottle at $100 a piece, 4 oz. pour at $15. One per customer. 

Aged for two years in 35-year-old Heaven Hill Bourbon Barrels at 14.5% abv, and we will be giving away the packaging. Only 12 bottles!, RARE day is here! Join us from 8:15-9pm!, Night Shift Brewing Augustus (a robust porter) & Two Roads Brewing Company Rye 95 (conditioned with white oak chips). Fresh tapped cask. Drink local!, Grimm Artisanal Ales Lambo Door, new Narragansett Beer Lovecraft can, & more!

Also, special guest appearance by Kate!, Stop in on Monday, February 29 from 8:15-9pm!, Our Chili is *VEGETARIAN* and perfect for celebrating #NationalChiliDay! 

(You can order it with or without cheese.) Get here now for the occasion!, 🙌 🙌 🙌, We're cheezin' over this gourmet sandwich right here...

#GETINMYBELLY, #ProTip., A message from Suzi as she vacations in Aruba:

"The beer stinks here! Be home soon."
-Big Mama Bear, New staff picks!, Chicken & Veggie Soup is now on special. Enjoy with Jack's Abby Craft Lagers House Lager while it's still on!, Get over here for one of our new cans: Night Shift Brewing Whirlpool, a soft pale ale bursting with notes of ripe peach and citrus!, Jonni's special WHITE TRASH BURGER is topped with onion rings, bacon, and our white trash cheese sauce! 

We suggest washing this mouthful down with Coronado Brewing Company Idiot IPA., Current Draft List (updated 2/19/16), Where you at tonight?

(photo by @jimcielencki), ALL. YOU. NEED., Just sayin'.

(photo by @k_konstantyn), UPDATE: we'll be open at 5:30pm!, IMPORTANT!!!, Mason from TMI Amplification made this awesome tap handle!

Oh, and #FuckValentinesDay., Fill in the blank heart: ______________., Current Draft List (updated 2/12/16), Introducing the Capicola Basil Flatbread Pizza — NOW ON SPECIAL!

Grilled flatbread topped with tomato sauce, mozzarella & cheddar cheeses, fresh basil, and capicola. It totally hits the spot🍕🍕🍕, TOMORROW!

We're hosting a tap takeover for the release of our new RIP Series beer, a black IPA.

We'll be debuting the beer and serving Berkshire Brewing Company's IPL, Holidale, Oak Aged Holidale, Raspberry Barleywine, Lost Sailor, and Steel Rail., We're entertained., Berkshire Brewing Company tap takeover THIS FRIDAY!

We'll be releasing our new RIP Series beer, a black IPA., Please do.

(photo by @ends_), Come decorate your hearts out. #FuckValentinesDay, We're currently enjoying Kent Falls Brewing Juicemaker Mango Brett IPA. 

Also, #FuckValentinesDay hearts!, Jonni's serving up BUFFALO WINGS for the Super Bowl today! #SB50, The White Trash Tenderwich. MUCH #WOW.

Lightly fried chicken tenders smothered with our *spicy cheese sauce* on a grilled pita with lettuce, tomatoes, and your choice of a side. On special now!, null, Green beers are no longer just for St. Pat's Day…

Join us for a RARE day in February! ;), null, We now have Wicked Weed Brewing Napoleon Complex, a hoppy pale ale!, Draft list is updated! View it here: http://bit.ly/1RgNcOV

(photo by @flyingfitfoodie), @gilhooley251 captured our new #ProTip., Clown Shoes Beer Barista!

Crafted with Maris Otter malt, flaked oatmeal, cold brewed espresso, milk sugars, and the spirit of angel wings., What have you gotten when spinning our wheel?

(photo by @revbrewchicago), Harpoon Brewery 100 Barrel Series Thunder Foam Porter & the Tuna Wrap with kale!, Looking for something RARE to drink?

Stay tuned., Suzi is spending #NationalFunAtWorkDay hanging out with Bryan from Clown Shoes Beer as tonight's event gets started!, We're ready for tonight with Clown Shoes Beer!, TONIGHT!!!, Thanks, Thrillist!, Tomorrow, we debut Clown Shoes Beer's latest project, Sound Check! 

It's a test batch of what will be an IPA that is a part of their core lineup. Brewers and Clown Shoes reps will be here handing out swag and collecting feedback from people drinking their brew., RARE DAY coming up in FEBRUARY, just saying! 

Stay tuned., @negatevices did it!, Current Draft List (updated 1/24/16), This Thursday: we will be debuting Clown Shoes Beer's latest project, Sound Check!, TRUTH., Warm up with some French Onion Soup! 

Served with croutons and melted Swiss., Current Draft List (updated 1/20/16), Come celebrate #NationalCheeseLoversDay with WHITE TRASH CHEESE DIP.

A warm concoction of American cheese, green chilis, jalapeños, diced tomatoes, and diced onions.

(photo by @ktdid1082), A super cool photo taken by Paul's Portrait Arts!, Coasters on point👌 

(captured by @frolic.and.frock), Now serving Urban Farm Fermentory Ginger Kombucha on tap!, YES, you can order Jonni's *special* Reu-Burger with a veggie patty!

Topped with saurkraut, melted Swiss, and a dollop of 1000 Island dressing on a buttered toasted bun with lettuce, tomato, and pickles., GLASSES ARE IN!!!, We're all ready for tonight's Coronado Brewing Company Stingray IPA kickoff!

→Event info: http://on.fb.me/1PbXUmW, We'll have some other good ones in addition to Coronado Brewing Company Stingray IPA tomorrow!

→More info about the event: http://on.fb.me/1PbXUmW, This Friday, we're hosting the Boston area kickoff for the release of Coronado Brewing Company's latest batch of Stingray IPA!

Named after a serene Coronado shoreline where locals soak up sun and suds, this easy-drinking IPA will transport you to a tropical paradise the moment it hits your lips. Citra, Mosaic, Simcoe and Southern Cross hops provide flavors and aromas of tropical fruits and sun-kissed citrus with soft accents of nectarine and peach.

→More info about the event: http://on.fb.me/1PbXUmW, Brought back *on special* by popular demand: MOZZ STICKS!

Lightly fried and served with a side of warm marinara for dipping. Come get 'em before they're gone., Current Draft List (updated 1/12/16), This Friday: we're hosting the Boston area kickoff for the release of Coronado Brewing Company's latest batch of Stingray IPA!, New staff picks! 

(Bye, Jim!), We had a line out the door last night! #SUCCESS, We've been slammed all night for the Cider Tap Takeover!, We're ready for tonight!, The Cider Tap Takeover is TONIGHT at 7!, We're excited to have Ace Cider Space Bloody Orange Cider & Joker Hard Cider this Friday!

→ RSVP for our Cider Tap Takeover: http://on.fb.me/1OGrTD7, Current Draft List (updated 1/6/16), Next up for Friday's Cider Tap Takeover: two awesome ones from Nine Pin Cider!

More info: http://on.fb.me/1OGrTD7, Three more ciders you'll see at our Cider Tap Takeover this Friday:
✔ Far From The Tree Craft Hard Cider Nova (MA)
✔ Citizen Cider NE Cascade (VT)
✔ Sonoma Cider Hatchet (CA)

Event info: http://on.fb.me/1OGrTD7, Bantam Cider Rojo and Wunderkind are *just two* of the amazing choices to be featured at this Friday's Cider Tap Takeover!

Click images for deets on each one. Event info: http://on.fb.me/1OGrTD7, Current Draft List (updated 1/3/16), Welcome to Boston: Burley Oak Brewing Company Wild Thang, a 100% Brett IPA from Maryland, and Crux Fermentation Project Castout DIPA from Oregon!, Jonni's Buffalo Chicken Dumplings are still on special! Better come try 'em before they're gone., BEERS!

Check the updated list at bukowskitavern.net, It's a busy Saturday afternoon over here!, Current Draft List (updated 1/2/16), NYE was fun., Current Draft List (updated 1/1/16), Happy New Year! 

YES, we are open! Long Trail Brewing Smash Project and Blue Point Brewery Rastafa Rye are our bottle special picks today., Fuck New Year's!, TONIGHT!!!, If you're not into all that horn blowing party hat bullshit, you may want to come to our annual F*ck New Year's Eve party.

Check your crap at the front door! (No party hats, horns, balloons, champagne toasts, or countdowns, confetti, ball drops, etc.)., TONIGHT: Mayflower Brewing Company Limited Release Tap Takeover!

Pouring:
✔ Cooper's Series Standish Imp. Stout
✔ Cooper's Series Bohemian Pilsner
✔ Cooper's Series Thanksgiving Ale
✔ Cooper's Series Brown
✔ IPA, BUFFALO CHICKEN DUMPLINGS!

On special now: five pan fried dumplings filled with buffalo chicken and veggies. Served with diced carrots & celery with a side of blue cheese dressing., TOMORROW: Mayflower Brewing Company Limited Release Tap Takeover!

Pouring:
✔ Cooper's Series Standish Imp. Stout
✔ Cooper's Series Bohemian Pilsner
✔ Cooper's Series Thanksgiving Ale
✔ Cooper's Series Brown
✔ IPA, JUST IN: *new* cask! Tap Brewing Company Bitter Rival IPA,  dry-hopped with Cascade & Falconer's Flight. #drinklocal, JUST ANNOUNCED: Mayflower Brewing Company Limited Release Tap Takeover this Tuesday, 12/29!, null, null, REMINDER: we close at 5pm tonight & will be closed all day tomorrow.

In the meantime, swing by for Finback Brewery Missing Time, a black saison with cherries!, We're open 'til 5pm Christmas Eve & closed Christmas Day.

Then it's time to prep for the REAL party:, "#seeyoutater #tatersgonnatate"
-@angelaiadanza, The best gift for your best friends!

*Please note: Buk's Boston gift certificates are valid only at our Boston location., Two brand new, super limited beers!

Grimm Artisanal Ales Echoplex & Kent Falls Brewing Tiny House... for fans of American Wild Ales!, Kent Falls Brewing is in the house with a limited release of Tiny House Farmhouse Ale!, @therealjoelp is having his first mug!!🍺, Just in: Kent Falls Brewing Sweatpants, a hoppy pale ale from CT!, This Beer Battered Banana Pepper Boat is back on special!

A little boat of our tasty fried beer battered banana peppers served with a side of 1000 island. #YUM, JUST IN: Aeronaut Brewing Company Lydia's Black Heart!

#DRINKLOCAL with this black IPA., Lots of IPA favorites today! 

Racer 5, Flower Power, Blatant, and a new Aeronaut Brewing Company black IPA. View our current draft list here: http://bit.ly/1RgNcOV, #YAY 🎊🎊🎊, Mini Pulled Pork Pretzel Sliders are back on special! 

We suggest enjoying Jack's Abby Brewing Smoke & Dagger with 'em. View the rest of our current draft list here: http://bit.ly/1RgNcOV, Jonni just put this Roast Beef Sandwich on special!

Warm roast beef topped with melted cheddar cheese, lettuce, red onions, and tomato on a toasted baguette.

He suggests today's veggie ― grilled zucchini with olive oil and seasonings ― on the side!, Current Draft List (updated 12/17/15), New staff picks! 

Featuring: Far From The Tree Craft Hard Cider, Mayflower Brewing Company, Great Divide Brewing Co., Notch Brewing, Avery Brewing Company, and Ginger Libation., We weren't feeling the Speedo Run last weekend.

(captured by @gilhooley251), We're hosting a Cider Tap Takeover on January 8!

✔ Bantam Cider Rojo (MA)
✔ Bantam Wunderkind (MA)
✔ Far From The Tree Craft Hard Cider Nova (MA)
✔ Citizen Cider NE Cascade (VT)
✔ Sonoma Hatchet (CA)
✔ Ninepin Ginger (NY)
✔ Ninepin Signature (NY)

Giveaways and more ciders to be announced!, null, This is happening.

RSVP: http://bit.ly/1lM6SR7, (Captured by @jlt1020), 🙌 🙌 🙌, #TGIF!

Swing by for Avery Brewing Company Twenty Two Anniversary American Wild Ale👌, Truth., For the puzzle solver in all of us., Happy #NationalLagerDay!

Yoanna suggests Jack's Abby Brewing Lashes Hopbock. This red lager has a light floral and piney hoppiness. Drink local!, null, COMING SOON., Current Draft List (updated 12/9/15), Sarah's BACK and working hard preparing for #NationalLagerDay tomorrow!, Some current staff picks!, Outside.

(photo by @negatevices), Current Draft List (updated 12/6/15), Just a cool photo by @gilhooley251., Updated drafts and bottle specials. Come on down! #TGIF, Current Draft List (updated 12/4/15), Better get here soon for this Cheese Steak Quesadilla while it's on special!

A golden brown flour tortilla filled with melted cheddar & mozzarella cheeses, shaved steak, sautéed peppers, and chipotle aioli drizzle. 

(PS: if you heard a rumor it's Kate's last night... April Fool's! Stay tuned for her real last one.), Draft list is updated! http://bit.ly/1RgNcOV, Current Draft List (updated 12/3/15), MAC & CHEESE 👌👌👌, SOON., New bottle special: Rivertown Brewery and Barrel House Divergent Berliner Weisse, out of Ohio at 3.8%!, #ProTip, @bethranz is casually enjoying some White Trash Poutine Tots and maple beer., You + us + Goose Island. It all starts at 5pm., Happy Thanksgiving, friends!

See you tomorrow., IMPORTANT! 

We will be closed tomorrow for Thanksgiving. Hope you gobble it up good and have some quality beer with that turkey!, Staff picks! 🍻

Some new food specials, too: Real Meatball App, Spicy Ranch Tenderwich, and Buffalo Chicken Flatbread Pizza. 🍴, Current Draft List (updated 11/25/15), All the Goose Island has arrived!, Current Draft List (updated 11/24/15) 16oz pint unless stated, Join us and Goose Island on Black Friday!, null, This beer was made for all the regulars who sit at the end corner of the bar late at night....., We'll be having a tap takeover this Friday for the Goose Island Bourbon County release!

On tap will be Bourbon County Stout 2015 & 2013, as well as Bourbon County Coffee Stout 2015. More details soon!, "Tell em 'Step off, I'm doing the hump.'" -@kylerotting, Current Draft List (updated 11/19/15), Bottle specials!

Brown's Brewing Company Cream Ale, Boulevard Brewing Company Snow & Tell Oak-Aged Scotch Ale, Woodchuck Hard Cider, and Grey Sail Brewing of Rhode Island Pour Judgement IPA., Yoanna's breakfast beer! JK.

But really, come on over for Otter Creek Brewing / Wolaver's Organic Brewing Alta Gracia Coffee Porter, brewed with organic barley, chocolate malt, vanilla beans, and coffee from the Dominican Republic., "Welcome to Boston." -@davidkpickering, These Fried Chicken Tacos are still on special! 

Three corn tacos filled with freshly fried chicken, chopped lettuce, shredded cheddar, and pico de gallo., Current Draft List (updated 11/17/15), Tim M. is drinking The Hop Concept Tropical & Juicy!

Check in on Untappd when you swing through so we know what you're into 🍻, Food specials come and go, but the Peanut Butter Burger is *ALWAYS* here for you., Beers are updated! http://bit.ly/1RgNcOV, Current Draft List (updated 11/13/15), We have plenty of new bottle specials!
View the full list here: http://bit.ly/1RgNcOV, Current Draft List (updated 11/12/15), Joel P. is drinking Spoetzl Brewery Shiner Wicked Ram IPA with 2-row, caramel, and wheat malts, and Crystal and Bravo hops; dry hopped with Centennials.

Check in on Untappd when you visit and let us know what you're having!, New large format bottle in! 

Backlash Beer Co.  Muerte, a Mexican hot chocolate imperial stout made with Madagascar vanilla beans, cinnamon sticks, Scotch Bonnet Peppers, and cold brewed coffee from Fazenda in Jamaica Plain!, Jonni whipped up some Fried Chicken Tacos! Enjoy with Kelsen Brewing Company Paradigm Brown Ale ― now on draught. Drink local!, It's always a good time for a Pulled Pork Quesadilla with diced tomatoes, cheddar & mozzarella, scallions, a crisp flour tortilla, and a sour cream drizzle 👌👌👌, Current Draft List (updated 11/10/15), Another #protip, noted by @tracyface., Where are you drinking this fine Saturday evening?, Brunch beer: Queen City Brewery, LLC Yorkshire Porter! 

Out of Burlington, VT, this is just one amongst our selection of local and regional beers. At 5%, it's a classic English style porter with notes of chocolate and coffee. 

Dessert or breakfast or whatever. Drink local!, A perfect Friday night.

(Photo by @noeruzafa), Ralph's Tacos! 

Seasoned ground beef braised in Singlecut Beersmiths Dean's Mahogany Amber on corn tortillas, topped with pico de galllo, shredded cheddar, sour cream, and shredded lettuce., Some of our wisdom, captured by @negatevices., Still plenty of awesome Revolution Brewing beers on tap!, Last night was cool., Some of the fun going down. Get here!, Totally packed right now for the Revolution Brewing event!, TONIGHT: Anti-Heroes vs. Superheroes with Revolution Brewing!

LOTS of great beer + a raffle where we're giving away tickets to Extreme Beer Fest this February, a Buk's gift certificate, tickets to the Chicago Comic & Entertainment Expo in March, and comic book swag from Comicazi. 

Come get your beer and prizes on! See you at 7pm., Update: we survived Halloween! #muggeraaron, We're hosting a Revolution Brewing tap takeover TOMORROW!

Pouring:
✔Anti-Hero (IPA)
✔Mosaic Hero (IPA)
✔Red Skull (Amber)
✔Coup d'Etat (Saison)
✔Bottom Up (Wit)
✔Eugene (Porter)

There'll also be a raffle where we're giving away tickets to Extreme Beer Fest this February, a Buk's gift certificate, tickets to the Chicago Comic & Entertainment Expo in March, and comic book swag from Comicazi. Come get your beer and prizes on! More info: http://on.fb.me/1KTTTkl, Our mascot of sorts.... he got a beer since he has no head., We got treats., HAPPY HALLOWEEN! 🎃🍺🎃🍺, Big Wayne's big candy birthday cake!, "*jigsaw voice* I wanna play a game." -@brookekathrynn, Current Draft List (updated 10/30/15), Is your mouth ready for Jonni's latest burger special?

The Mac-n-Cheese Burger: beef burger cooked to order topped with our cheesy mac and cheese. And bacon, of course! #WOW, This is how Yoanna began the day: research.

Check out all our new draughts! http://bit.ly/1RgNcOV, Current Draft List (updated 10/29/15), @mustfaceperil and Yoanna twinning.

(Photo by @negatevices), In honor of #NationalChocolateDay, we're highlighting Clown Shoes Beer Chocolate Sombrero again :D, Jonni's *VEGAN* Butternut Squash Soup is now on special! Yoanna suggests pairing with Delirium Tremens., Current Draft List (updated 10/27/15), Ah, nothing like Clown Shoes Beer Chocolate Sombrero on #NationalAmericanBeerDay.

Roasted dark malts + extra chocolate malts + ancho chile + cinnamon + vanilla extract., Wall deco., null, A familiar place.

(Photo by @johnnypainterpants), We're planning a Revolution Brewing welcome party! Details coming soon., Upcoming draughts and a #ProTip., We have some cool beers with cool tap handles: Two Roads Brewing Company Roadsmary's Other Baby (barrel aged version of Roadsmary's Baby pumpkin beer) & Goose Island Matilda Lambicus Belgian Pale Ale!, Current Draft List (updated 10/21/15), "I mean obviously we had to come in..." 
-@hurricanejordan, It's always snack time when SWEET POTATO #TOTS are on the menu.

Sided with honey dijon horseradish sauce for dipping., Money wall. 

(Photo by Dominick), We like this photo by @eyeduffy. #BEER, What would Johnny Cash do?, Misty N. is here drinking Mayflower Brewing Company IPA.

Check in on Untappd and let us know what you're having!, Because 🍩🍺, This one tastes JUST. LIKE. CARROT. CAKE. 😍😍😍

It's actually made with carrots, golden raisins, cinnamon nutmeg... everything that would be in the delicious dessert., Current Draft List (updated 10/13/15), Current Draft List (updated 10/12/15), Just hangin'

(Photo by @paulasilvadiaz), Shout out to @dj_meggs_521 for having her first beer in Boston with us! 🍻, ICYMI: a quick note! Customers grabbing our weekday Buck Burger/Dollar Dog deal are now required to get a beverage with their food. 

We love being able to offer a cheap lunch option in the Back Bay, but need to make sure we're not compromising on quality!, We're ready for TONIGHT'S Singlecut Beersmiths tap takeover!

We will have:
✔ Heavy Boots of Lead Imperial Stout
✔ Dean PNW Mahogany Ale
✔ Mo'Shuggie Soulbender IPA
✔ Is this the Real Life? IPA
✔ Billy Half-Stack IPA
✔ 1933 Pilsner

There will also be shirts, glassware, and a chance to meet the brewers!, Current Draft List (updated 10/7/15), Our Singlecut Beersmiths tap takeover is TOMORROW at 7pm!

We will have:
✔ Heavy Boots of Lead Imperial Stout
✔ Dean PNW Mahogany Ale
✔ Mo'Shuggie Soulbender IPA
✔ Is this the Real Life? IPA
✔ Billy Half-Stack IPA
✔ 1933 Pilsner

As well as shirts, glassware, and a chance to meet the brewers! More info: http://bit.ly/1N026YG, Current Draft List (updated 10/6/15), 🍻👌, Grilled Cheese & Tomato Soup weather :D, We're hosting a Singlecut Beersmiths (Astoria, NY) tap takeover this Thursday at 7pm! 

We'll have some super limited/first time in Mass-type stuff, and they'll be giving out glassware and stickers., "To all my friends... a drink." 

(Photo by @xiomara_avocado), "Bukowski Tavern's fabulously beefy California Burger with white cheddar, bacon, and avocado. And fries. Yessss." -@woopigfoodie, The Ginger drinking a ginger!, Skip the meat for #WorldVegetarianDay and stuff your face with our Gourmet Grilled Cheese layering Havarti and sliced tomatoes on sourdough. #YUM, Time for that mid-week beer. Updated draft list and bottle specials: http://on.fb.me/1hbiolW 🍻, This salted and buttered Soft Pretzel with our beer cheese dip and beer mustard sauce is so good, you'll want another.

That's why you get TWO while they're on special!, Current Draft List (updated 9/30/15), A quick note! Customers grabbing our weekday Buck Burger/Dollar Dog deal are now required to get a beverage with their food. 

We love being able to offer a cheap lunch option in the Back Bay, but need to make sure we're not compromising on quality!, Current Draft List (updated 9/29/15), null, #deepthoughtswithhank on #NationalDrinkBeerDay🍺, Last four standing after @allyokeefe's dive bar crawl last night👌, @cfromknecht found the truth on our menu..., BRB, indulging in some Pumpkin Pie before it's gone..., The 🎃🎃🎃 stuff is coming!, Congratulations Kelly Mesa for finally making it big time!, Current Draft List (updated 9/23/15), What's your favorite dog combo?, The right state of mind. Cheers🍺, We're now offering two alcoholic ginger beers, both local and delicious: Artisan Beverage Cooperative Ginger Libation & Farmer Willie's Alcoholic Ginger Beer! 

Click each image to learn more about it., Jonni's on his dessert game, this time with deep fried chocolate sandwich cookies topped with whipped cream and fudge sauce. #SWEET, null, Take a look at what Suzi, among other Boston chefs and restaurateurs, has to say about the future of dining!, Current Draft List (updated 9/16/15), Yes, this is a FRIED TWINKIE.
Yes, it is on special now., ... and we have 'em now!, Jonni just cooked up a *special* Veggie Slider Sampler!

A three-bean chili cheese slider, a veggie meatball slider, and a spicy avocado slider, all served on pretzel buns., THE club.

(Photo by @fatalbydesign), Celebrate with us! @julesvrice did ￼￼￼🎉, COMING SOON!

(But you can find our current draft list here: on.fb.me/1NkxIcA), Current Draft List (updated 9/10/15), We cleaned out our "China cabinet" and have fancy (and not so fancy) glassware to give away. Come by and take what you want!, Nope, no Bud Light. 

But check out what we DO have: on.fb.me/1JQjdbL🍺, Current Draft List (updated 9/8/15) 16oz pint unless stated, @vinyl_is_king is kicking off Labor Day with Berkshire Brewing Company Coffeehouse Porter.

How are you spending your day off?, Lee M. is drinking Mayflower Brewing Company IPA, "a powerful hop profile with full malt flavor to create a smooth brew with well-rounded bitterness.", This tasty salad with chopped romaine, baby spinach, hard-boiled eggs, turkey, capicola, feta, tomatoes, avocado slices, and honey mustard dressing is ON SPECIAL NOW!, Can't decide? Consult the expertise of our staff., Where are you spending your lunch break? There's a seat for you at the bar. 

Updated draft list: on.fb.me/1FloXZ4, Current Draft List (updated 9/3/15), Found this on the bar... thought it was funny :), @challupa enjoyed Kent Falls Brewing Mint Saison, a cool and soothing farmhouse ale with freshly grown chocolate and orange mint balancing the tart character of the saison.

What are you drinking? View our current draft list here: on.fb.me/1N8pci4, Current Draft List (updated 9/1/15), Learning about hops and smelling Centennial hops mugger Joe D. grew! 

Drinking BBC W.I.P. (Work in Progress) IPA, Jack's Abby Framinghammer Lager, Uinta 22nd BDay Sour Plum Abbey Ale., Current Draft List (updated 8/28/15), Things are old school at Buk's right now👌, Words of the wise., COLD BEER! 🍻
Check out our current draft list: on.fb.me/1NIaopH, Current Draft List (updated 8/26/15), After what's been "forever," Magellan is working her last night here at Buk's :( Stop by sometime tonight, or Monday at 6pm to say your goodbyes.

We'll miss you, Magellan!! Best of luck with everything!, Current Draft List (updated 8/25/15), #TRUTH, @truthaboutmike likes our Peanut Butter Burger. You will, too., Suzi hanging out with her friends Joe and Courtney!, We're now pouring Uinta Brewing Ales for ALS (Red IPL) & Kent Falls Brewing for ALS (IPA)!, Prepare yourself for the Cali Flatbread: freshly grilled flatbread topped with fried eggplant, diced avocado, bacon bits, mozzarella, and marinara sauce drizzled with balsamic vinaigrette.

On special NOW!, Current Draft List (updated 8/19/15), Everyone gets a kick out of our menu :P, Kyle M. is solving his case of the Mondays with Berkshire Brewing Company Lemon Shandy, a limited edition brew combining a pilsner base with fresh lemons for easy summer drinking., Celebrating 95 years of Charles Bukowski!, We have Clown Shoes Beer Chocolate Sombrero!

The recipe? "Roasted dark malts + extra chocolate malts + ancho chile plus cinnamon + vanilla extract + a chocolate loving, beer drinking, Clown Shoes wearing, multi-limbed, gorgeous and glorious Mexican wrestler on the label.", Time for that after-work beer!

Matt recommends Coronado Brewing Company 19th Anniversary Imperial IPA, and we recently tapped Speakeasy Ales & Lagers Prohibition Amber Ale., [Most] Staff Picks!, Current Draft List (updated 8/12/15), Our snack-worthy Beer Battered Banana Pepper Boat is back on special!

A little boat of our tasty fried beer battered peppers, served with 1000 island dressing., 👌, Current Draft List (updated 8/10/15), Know what's always a good idea? Grilled Cheese.

Especially gourmet-style with Havarti cheese and sliced tomatoes on sourdough. You can even intensify it with BACON or AVOCADO!, Work's out! A current customer favorite: Urban Farm Fermentory Sour Cidah., What are @JoeMug251 and Jackie drinking today? Click the mugs for their choices 🍻, Our Salad of the Week is made up of mixed greens, julienned mango, red onion, feta cheese, and watermelon tossed in a housemade thyme orange dressing. 

And our suggested beer? Avery Brewing Company Perzik Saison!, Current Draft List (updated 8/5/15), Take note., Zohair K. is drinking Dogfish Head Beer 60 Minute IPA! Learn more about it:, Meanwhile, outside of Buk's...

(Captured by @thewigglypath), Lisa is drinking Two Roads Brewing Company Ol' Factory Pils. 

Crisp, refreshing, and refined. Cheers!, When you're out late and NEED FOOD ASAP: everything on our *regular* menu is only $6.99 after midnight!, Give the gift of Buk's with a gift certificate!, Current Draft List (updated 7/29/15), Peter Boyd & Narragansett Brewing Company say hi!, Jonni's cooking up some Tofu Tacos! Yoanna suggests enjoying 'em with Avery Brewing Company Perzik Saison., "Nectar of the gods! Go here and drink this on tap. Cold and sour, like a slap in the face from a super hot babe."

-Untappd user @ChloeF on Hidden Cove Brewing Company Straker, The epic Peanut Butter Burger + our new Potato Salad 💯, Freshly tapped!!, Just another Friday with Norm and Cliff, Jack and Joe., Current Draft List (updated 7/24/15), Jonni's cooking up some Tacos de Carne: three double corn tortillas filled with our braised beef, shredded lettuce, cheddar cheese, and pico de gallo.

Get 'em while they last!, Bye bye mashed potatoes (until the fall)...

Hello POTATO SALAD! Now available as a side., Current Draft List (updated 7/22/15), Love this one, captured by @downrightdgen (y), Reminder: we're opening at 5pm today due to some maintenance. See you then!, FYI: we will be closed for maintenance *until 5pm* tomorrow (Monday) 7/20. See you for an after-work beer!, Singlecut Beersmiths Billy Full-Stack IPA freshly tapped!, Attn. Muggers: time to fill out your pink slip! 

You have two months to come in and fill up before we put your mug away in storage to make room for new Muggers., Sampling the Backlash Overthrow Double IPA, currently on special!, New cask: Jack's Abby Brewing Hoponius Union with Equinox & Simcoe!, This salad with mixed greens, mandarin slices, almonds, goat cheese, cucumber slices, and mandarin dressing is BACK on special!

It's that good., Current Draft List (updated 7/16/15, 21st Amendment Brewery Down to Earth Session IPA is now on tap!

With Cascade and Mosaic flavor hops and Warrior bittering hops, this beer is the natural evolution of Bitter American, their original session ale., The Real Deal Meatball Sub: delicious balls o' meat and goodies smothered in marinara with melted mozzarella. Served on a toasted baguette with your choice of a side (we're into potato salad today).

On special now!, Current Draft List (updated 7/15/15), Just look at this Pulled Pork Quesadilla with diced tomatoes, cheddar & mozzarella, scallions, a crisp flour tortilla, and a sour cream drizzle. 

Hungry yet?, Night Shift Brewing Maracuya is perfect on a day like today! A wheat ale aged on passionfruit, it's extremely refreshing with huge notes of citrus and passionfruit.

Now on draft!, Hey Muggers! Why not come cool down after work and get started for the week?, Today's pick: Grimm Artisanal Ales Super Going Gose. It's better than a mimosa for a Sunday afternoon!, Corinne is drinking (and loving) Dark Horse Brewing Co. Zaftig Ghastly., Our Bacon & Bleu Burger, topped with bleu cheese crumbles and crisp bacon, is not your ordinary burger., @smastroyin calls it the "wheel o' fortune o' beer.", This week's Salad tastes just like summer with baby mixed greens, citrus, almonds, goat cheese, cucumber slices, and mandarin dressing., Relax after work with a cold one, like Mayflower Brewing Company Daily Ration. This unfiltered American ale is crisp, dry, and "bursting" with citrusy hop flavor and aroma., null, Some of today's picks: Due South Brewing Mariana Trench, Berkshire Brewing Company Lost Sailor India Pale Ale, and Tap Brewing Company Leather Lips IPA.

Let us know what you're drinking on Untappd!, #CashOnly, Logsdon Farmhouse Ales, LLC. Kili Wit is an unfiltered white beer brewed with African coriander and select yeast strains, providing an "orangey fruitiness, mild tartness, and subtle spicy phenolics".

Try it with our Curried Cranberry Chicken Salad, now on special! Mixed with dried cranberries, walnuts, diced celery, scallions, yellow curry, mayo, and lime juice on toasted sourdough with lettuce & tomato., Today, @JoeMug251 chose Tap Brewing Company Leather Lips IPA, dry hopped with whole Centennial hops "for a hop profile that kicks like a mule.", Current Draft List (updated 7/1/15), Lunch after line clean: Crispy Pork Cutlet (on special!) with warm potato salad, pan seared brussels sprouts, and a creamy grain mustard. 

Yoanna suggests you pair it with Logsdon Kili Wit, a funky, 100% organic witbier., When you need a snack: SWEET POTATO #TOTS.

Sided with honey dijon horseradish sauce for dipping., Yup. 

(photo by @sosayweall13), Staff picks. Happy Sunday!, Happy Anniversary, Magellan!, Untappd user @JoeMug251 is drinking Night Shift Brewing One Hop This Time: Galaxy.

Check in and let us know what you're into!, Somerville Brewing - Slumbrew Porter Square Porter is rich with a unique blend of chocolate, coffee, roasted and nutty flavors. It's even brewed with cocoa powder and conditioned with cacao nibs from Taza Chocolate! Come try it now (y), It's almost dinner time, and this Buffalo Chicken Gyro special is here waiting for you.

Fried chicken tossed in our spicy buffalo sauce with lettuce, tomato, and crumbled blue cheese. Served on toasted gyro bread with your choice of a side., Current Draft List (updated 6/24/15), Matt's pick of the day: Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Copper Ale!

"It's a cool style. Some people will go out of their way to get something interesting on nitro, since it's typically a stout on nitro. This one's a nice, hoppy copper ale.", Summer., The Summer Salad is even better with AVOCADO!, Current Draft List (updated 6/22/15), We have a new *gluten-free* bottle special: Steadfast Beer Co. Oatmeal Cream Stout!

✔Smells like: dark roast coffee, milk chocolate and dark chocolate + dried pit fruit with deep sweetness.

✔Tastes like: rich, full notes of chocolate and coffee layered over flavors of fresh baked goods. The mild hop bitterness mid-sip hands off to a clean, roasty finish., "Wow!" -Untappd user @kborchers on Clown Shoes' Space Cake. On now!, He sure is! (y), New staff picks! 🍻, Notch Brewing The Mule is coming very, very soon! Part of the single series, this American corn lager is light and refreshing, and a great alternative to Budweiser., Just in: Clown Shoes Beer Mango! Yoanna says this American Kölsch is a super light, good summer beer AND smells just like mango., Current Draft List (updated 6/17/15), Current Draft List (updated 6/16/15), A familiar sight., Important., Yoanna and Jeremy, our cool Ithaca Beer Co. rep!, The peeps from Ithaca Beer Co. are coming TONIGHT for a Cayuga Cruiser social! Flower Power and Sascotch will also be on draft. 🍻, A super cool sandwich for a hot day, this Turkey Tzatziki Wrap is now on special! Suzi says it will go perfect with Bantam Cider Hibiscus Mint., Current Draft List (updated 6/11/15), Avery Brewing Company Maharaja is now on tap! Maharaja is derived from the sanskrit words mahat, meaning “great,” and rajan, meaning “king.” This imperial IPA is "regal, intense, and mighty."

We get a kick out of the drivers... they call it the marijuana beer 😏, We've got a ton of options on draft for you hop heads! View our current draft list here: on.fb.me/1cJeeiY, Current Draft List (updated 6/9/15), Meet the Roadhouse Burger: an 8 oz. angus beef burger topped with our BBQ pulled pork, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, onions, and pickles on a potato bun. 

On special NOW! 🍔👌, Update: we'll also have SaScotch & Flower Power on draft at our Ithaca Beer Co. Cayuga Cruiser social this Friday!

Event info: on.fb.me/1FI2qrE, Current Draft List (updated 6/8/15), We're having an Ithaca Beer Co. Cayuga Cruiser social this Friday with some peeps from the brewery!, Current Draft List (updated 6/5/15), New staff picks!, Don't forget about our Ithaca Beer Co. Cayuga Cruiser social on 6/12 at 5pm! In the meantime, read up on the beer via Edible Finger Lakes., Rhinegeist doesn't distribute to Boston, or MA even, but they brought us some goodies while in town for #ACBF.

That said, we have Truth IPA on draft and Zen IPA cans... better come get 'em while you can!, Current Draft List (updated 6/4/15), This Big Brisket Cheddar Bacon Burger is now on special!

An 8 oz  New York Brisket blend of beef  served on a bigger egg bun with bacon, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, and pickles. #YUM, Time for that mid-week drink! 🍻

But so many choices... take a look at our current draft list: http://on.fb.me/1IdhzlG, Current Draft List (updated 6/3/15), Fancy cans!, #truth, ICYMI: we're hosting an Ithaca Beer Co. Cayuga Cruiser Social on June 12! More info: http://bit.ly/1FI2qrE 

In the meantime, get familiar with the brewery:, Current Draft List (updated 6/1/15), Can't decide? Resort to some staff picks... because we know what's good., It's definitely summertime at Buk's Boston., Magellan pouring at #ACBF with Chris from Coronado Brewing Company!, null, Suzi and Magellan with some peeps from Finback Brewery, Rushing Duck Brewing Co., and Craft Collective!, And the Finback beers! Also, an awesome shirt., The beers for tonight's event!, Hey look: The Edge Boston Herald featured Magellan and Suzi!, We now have Notch Brewing Saison *on draft*! A farmhouse ale brewed in the spring, Matt says it's "a light and refreshing, bready, really good spring beer."

Also, the LOW ABV = CRUSHABLE., We'll have four lines at tomorrow's 21st Amendment Brewery event: 

•Hell or High Watermelon
•Back in Black 
•Down to Earth
•Brew Free or Die

That's tomorrow. 7pm. Be there!, We have two awesome events lined up this week during #ACBF!

▶Wed. 5/27 with 21st Amendment Brewery: on.fb.me/1L2eMfo
▶Thurs. 5/28 with Finback Brewery & Rushing Duck Brewing Co.: on.fb.me/1c7sqBZ, If you're not grilling your own burgers this weekend, come by for one of ours, like this Bacon & Bleu Burger topped with bleu cheese crumbles and crisp bacon. #WOW, The Mug Club is OPEN!, Save the date ― Wednesday, May 27 ― for our 21st Amendment Brewery event during ACBF next week!, Finback Brewery and Rushing Duck Brewing Co. will be in town from New York for the American Craft Beer Festival, and Craft Collective is throwing a little party for them over here!, This Eggplant Parm Sandwich is back on special and it's really, really good.

Lightly breaded and fried eggplant smothered with marinara, melted mozzarella, and Parmesan cheese., Spend your Tuesday evening at Buk's 🍻, We're hosting a 21st Amendment Brewery event during ACBF week on Wednesday, May 27!, Happy birthday, Jack! A great place to celebrate 👍, Hungry? Get your hands on this Gourmet Grilled Cheese with Havarti cheese and sliced tomatoes on sourdough, sided with a mound of mashed potatoes.

Intensify it with BACON or avocado!, We now have Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Victory At Sea!

"A bold, smooth brew with just the right amount of sweetness. We infused this robust porter with whole vanilla beans and San Diego’s own Caffe Calabria coffee beans. The subtle roasted notes and minimal acidity of the cold brewed coffee, balances perfectly with the sweet caramel undertones of the malt, creating a winning combination for your palate."

One customer, Alan, is here drinking it now and says it's very smooth for 10%., Shane, Ryan, and Alan sipping on the some Lone Star Beer!, Brought back *on special* by popular demand: MOZZ STICKS!

Lightly fried and served with a side of warm marinara for dipping. Don't miss out., Jonni has a new burger on special! Get ready for it...

BACON Brussel Burger: a six ounce beef burger topped with bacon, spicy cheese sauce, and sautéed brussels. Served on a  toasted bun with lettuce, tomato, pickle, and choice of side., We now have Portico Brewing Company Fuzzy Logic!

"Built from the ground up with the best North American malted barley and wheat, combined with a touch of German hops, this beer has a slightly citrusy and sweet malty character with only a hint of bitterness. Our special Belgian yeast imparts a signature fruit and floral aroma, making it a refreshing beer for any occasion.", ACBF week will be fun over here at Buk's! Stay tuned..., This isn't just any quesadilla... it's stuffed with beer reduced pulled pork!

Also with diced tomatoes, cheddar, mozzarella, a sour cream drizzle, and scallions. Being a regular menu item, it's ALWAYS here for you., Night Shift Brewing Morph is going strong! Check in on Untappd and let us know what you think., Just canned today: Night Shift Brewing Morph & Whirlpool. Freshest cans in the city!, Jonni's cooking up ALL the tacos for #CincoDeMayo! We're extra excited to have Pacifico Beer to go with 'em., Thanks Thrillist for mentioning Buk's as one of the go-to bars!, Coming up: #TacoTuesday ALL DAY for Cinco de Mayo!, #deepthoughtswithhank, There's nothing basic about White Trash Poutine Tots with spicy cheese sauce, beef gravy, and scallions.

WARNING: you will be addicted to these. Wash 'em down with Notch Brewing Left of the Dial IPA., Jonni and Suzi love these Sautéed Vegetable Pot Stickers, and suggest you try 'em today.

So who's ready to devour these *vegan* edamame, cabbage, carrot, corn, & mushroom dumplings?, The Mediterranean Dog, topped with HUMMUS and hot cherry pepper relish, is on special now!, ICYMI: Sweet Potato Tots are now on our menu.

Sided with honey dijon horseradish sauce for dipping. #SOGOOD, S/O to everyone who came through on the #PMC2015 pub crawl today! Check out some of their choices., A view we like. Thanks @sehole for the shot!, Clown Shoes Beer Undead Party Crasher is now on!

"Casked complex malt and smoke flavors. Amazing pour." 
-@Russian-imperial on Untappd, GOOD NEWS: new and replacement mugs are in. #Cheers!, Found some fun pics from yesterday — congrats to all the runners and cheers to everyone who celebrated #MarathonMonday with us 👍, On your way into the city for #MarathonMonday? 

Good ― we're nearby the route and opening early at 10am., Night Shift Brewing is a pretty popular choice tonight ― keep the Untappd check-ins coming so we can see what you're into., Runner's World Magazine is here with Chief Editor David Wiley having their annual Peanut Butter Burgers!, Thanks Eater Boston for shouting our Peanut Butter Burger in honor of #BurgerWeek! Trust us, it's good., A great photo of Beer Summit­ organizers Shawn Rich, Conor Brennan, and Mike Munnelly sharing a pre-festival brew with us!

(Photo by Matt Stone. http://bit.ly/1NQObaM), In good company., Looks like somebody's a fan of our California Burger!

Layered with aged white cheddar, bacon, and fresh avocado. And after this harsh winter, today's weather might as well be California for us..., Happy birthday, Suzi!!, BBQ Pork Ribs smothered in our bourbon BBQ sauce are on special! Get here now., Untappd user @5Tophat3 is kicking off his Monday with some Jack's Abby Brewing., We're releasing Mayflower Brewing Company's newest limited Cooper's Series brew, Squanto, this Tuesday!

"Pilsner and wheat malts give this beer a golden straw color, with a hazy appearance from yeast still in suspension. The aroma includes some spiciness from a blend of two yeasts and earthiness from Styrian Golding hops. The taste mimics the aroma, with a dry, refreshing finish, perfect for sipping on all spring and into summer.", Friday, finally.

@joemug251 is here drinking Berkshire Brewing Company Lost Sailor IPA (on cask with orange peel and Cascade hops!) & 21st Amendment Brewery Down To Earth!, The biggest question you'll face all day: what to drink after work?

Kyle F. just enjoyed Jack's Abby Brewing Hopstitution #8 (C-LO), calling it "nice and a little different.", We're now pouring Avery Brewing Company Czar Russian Imperial Stout, and Matt highly recommends it. "We have a small batch and it's not something you see a lot of."

He's also excited about having two barrels of Berkshire Brewing Company Lost Sailor., Indeed it is #NationalBeerDay.

Check in on Untappd to let us know what you're drinking & unlock the 2015 edition of their “National Beer Day” badge!, We're releasing Mayflower Brewing Company's newest limited Cooper's Series brew, Squanto, next Tuesday 4/14! 

"Pilsner and wheat malts give this beer a golden straw color, with a hazy appearance from yeast still in suspension. The aroma includes some spiciness from a blend of two yeasts and earthiness from Styrian Golding hops. The taste mimics the aroma, with a dry, refreshing finish, perfect for sipping on all spring and into summer.", Update: Buk's Boston will be open all day tomorrow thanks to Yoanna! 

Come hang out and drink beers! You might be out of luck with food though... so brunch up a solid base for some epic Easter drinking., After you're done feasting tomorrow, join us for some Easter drinks (and probably more food). We'll be opening at 5pm!, Yet another special-turned-regular: Sautéed Vegetable Pot Stickers!

No more waiting for them to go on. We're happy to say you can devour these *vegan* edamame, cabbage, carrot, corn, & mushroom dumplings whenever you want!, You're all over our Sweet Potato Tots when they're on special... so guess what?

They're now on the menu FOR GOOD. Sided with honey dijon horseradish sauce for dipping., Something we're excited about today: the Chicken Bomb has been officially added to the menu!

Sautéed shaved chicken smothered in white trash cheese dip, roasted red peppers, and caramelized onions on a baguette. #WHOA, #NationalTaterDay = White Trash Poutine Tots galore!

We smother 'em with spicy cheese sauce, beef gravy, and scallions., When Monday drags on, you can pass time stuffing yourself with a masterpiece we call the Salami Cuban.

Packed with pulled pork, honey ham, salami, melted Swiss cheese, pickles, and a special spicy sauce. #WOW, Coronado Brewing / Devil's Backbone Devil's Tale is now on!

"This beer has bright citrus and tropical fruit character care of Centennial and Mosaic hops, plus a burst of woody rusticity from the Northern Brewer hops. Consider it Chapter One of an epic saga that’s only getting started.", If you didn't know our extraordinary *regular* menu is incredibly cheap after midnight... now you know.

These Buffalo Tenders, among other things, will be only $5.99!, We now have Boulevard Brewing Company Spring Belle!

It "marries the crisp, spicy flavor of a traditional farmhouse saison, with its citrusy hop notes, to the fresh floral aromas of chamomile, rose petals, and elderflower. Late hopping with Calypso and Lemon Drop rounds out this drinkable spring bouquet.", We just tapped Dark Horse Brewing Co. Plead The 5th, and Matt says you need to try this "crazy imperial stout.", White Trash Cheese Dip vs. White Trash Poutine Tots... which wins you over after a long day at work?, #deepthoughtswithhank, @JoeMug251 is relaxing with B. Nektar Meadery Dwarf Invasion, "a smaller mead, but big on flavor," with tart balaton cherries, honey, and Styrian Golding hops.

What are you drinking tonight?, This  Buffalo Chicken Flatbread Pizza is full of awesome and on special now!

Grilled flatbread topped with our spicy buffalo sauce, mozzarella, blue cheese crumbles, grilled chicken, diced tomatoes, and scallions., Short's Brewing Company reps will be here right after #ExtremeBeerFest TONIGHT for the after party!

More info: http://on.fb.me/1I0fMzu, Make sure you check in on Untappd to let us know what you're  drinking!

@megaman191 just enjoyed Rising Tide Brewing Company Barfly Brown. What are you having tonight?, Don't forget about our Extreme Beer Fest after party with Short's Brewing Company this Friday! Short's reps will be here right after EBF, and beers will be tapped all night long., The Corned Beef Burger, made with corned beef, coriander, parsley, garlic, and shallots, is still on special for #StPatricksDay! 

Topped with Dubliner cheese and out house-made whisky bacon. Enjoy with a Speakeasy Ales and Lagers Prohibition Amber Ale., We're giving away green Labatt scarves & gloves! First come, first served. #StPatricksDay, Just tapped Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Grapefruit Sculpin ON CASK! What. Up., Don't forget we have Strongbow Gold Apple Cider on #StPatricksDay special for $7! Enjoy with Jonni's Corned Beef Burger through tomorrow., This #StPatricksDay special starts now! $7 Strongbow Gold Apple Cider from the UK.

"Sweet and golden with a crisp kick, a hint of green apple, and a long, bittersweet finish.", Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Calico Amber Ale is now on tap!

"A rich, copper ale with a case full of gold medals. Four types of malts give it a bold complexity, and our proprietary yeast strain lends it a fruity, madeira-like richness. However, it’s the American hops that give this ale a distinct bite and floral aroma that have earned it just about every major beer medal.", Foolproof Brewing Company Shuckolate, White Birch Brewing Raspberry Berliner Weisse, Jack's Abby Brewing Smoke & Dagger (cask), and Weihenstephan USA Original are now on!, A special thank you to Nani for giving us our boy back...

Coming soon: Lloyd & Nani's., We're hosting an Extreme Beer Fest after party with Short's Brewing Company on Friday 3/20!

More info: http://on.fb.me/19gAbFb, Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Habanero Sculpin is now on tap. Think India Pale Ale with habanero peppers!

"While its bright fruit notes and hoppy bite has made the original one of our favorites, this version takes that balance of flavors to the next level with the citrusy, floral heat of habaneros. Sculpin are known to sting, but this one’s got a kick.", Mini Pulled Pork Pretzel Slides are so f'ing cute and on special NOW! 

Pulled pork topped with our bourbon BBQ sauce & diced onions on three toasted mini pretzel buns. Pair them with Jack's Abby Brewing RIP Ham On Rye., Roasted Red Pepper Soup & Gourmet Vegetable Potstickers are on special today!

Jonni says you need to try them both. Also, we're releasing Boulevard Brewing Company's new year-round smokestack series IPA, The Calling, TONIGHT! http://on.fb.me/1ElY8rn, Tomorrow, we're releasing Boulevard Brewing Company's new year-round smokestack series IPA, The Calling!, Thanks Movoto Real Estate!, We'll be closed all day and night tomorrow, March 9, due to our company holiday party. See you on Tuesday!, Anderson Valley Brewing Company Blood Orange Gose is pretty popular tonight!

"A tart, refreshing wheat ale that is kettle-soured with lactobacillus and brewed with sea salt and coriander.", Boulevard Brewing Company is releasing a new year-round smokestack series IPA, The Calling! 

We're going to have it on Tuesday. More info: http://on.fb.me/1ElY8rn, Looks like a good idea to us. How are you spending your lunch break?, This Pineapple Burger makes us think warm thoughts, and our Chicken Bomb is just #DABOMB. Both are on special today!, Night Shift Brewing Adams, Anderson Valley Brewing Company Blood Orange Gose, Port Brewing / The Lost abbey Serpent's Stout, and Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Habanero Sculpin are now on tap!

Which will you be coming in for tonight?, We don't have to think twice about Hank's Grilled Chicken Sandwich.

Go for this marinated 6oz breast grilled to order with melted Swiss, crispy bacon, chipotle mayo, lettuce, and tomato. Because he said so., Congratulations! Gordon had a baby!, Today marks two things: #NationalPigDay & #NationalPeanutButterLoversDay.

We like both and have a Peanut Butter Burger with #BACON to prove it!, Just tapped: Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Grapefruit Sculpin, Mayflower Brewing Company Alden, 21st Amendment Brewery Kilt by Wildfire, & Urban Farm Fermentory Sour Cidah.

Come getcha Friday on!, Good question., Narragansett Lager is now on tap!

"This beer is brewed just right for drinking—crisp and refreshing. It’s got more flavor than other premium lagers, yet it’s one of the most drinkable beers in the world.", #WednesdayFeels., OMG @ the Cheezy Pretzel Dog!!

Topped with our White Trash Cheese Dip and served on a buttered & toasted pretzel bun. Grab one before they're gone!, California dreamin'... with a California Burger! Topped with aged white cheddar, bacon, and fresh avocado.

Order sans bacon & sub a veggie patty for #MeatlessMonday!, Chicken Caesar Wrap to the rescue! Grilled chicken, Parmesan cheese, garlic croutons, Caesar dressing, and romaine lettuce wrapped up in a large flour tortilla. Pair with your favorite draft and call it a day., In case you forgot: our extraordinary *regular* menu is incredibly cheap ($5.99) every night after midnight! 

You'll be glad we reminded you when these Buffalo Tenders are calling your name tonight., TONIGHT!! We have some visitors from the west coast joining us for the coldest week & some tap IPAs.

Get all the deets: http://on.fb.me/1Mrw3RI, Cheers to craft beer! We love this Infographic from LetsPour., #deepthoughtswithhank, Finally, this snow-filled week has a SAVIOR!

Come by on Thursday for a beer social with our friends from Coronado Brewing Company., null, We're opening at 5:30 tonight!! End your weekend with us., The snow has us closed this afternoon. Stay tuned for updates about tonight!

At least we got to have our fun yesterday..., Today's rules:

No hugs.
No love songs.
No romance.
No special friends.
No PDA.
No kissing., When we let people fill out their own conversation hearts..., Tired of yet another Hallmark holiday?

Us too. On Saturday, we say F*ck Valentine's Day!, Thanks everyone for coming out to the Two Roads Brewing Company Igor's Dream release last night! We also had No Limits & Road To Ruin cans., We're releasing Two Roads Brewing Company Igor's Dream TONIGHT!

More info: http://on.fb.me/1ChUSY2, FINALLY!, We'll be releasing Two Roads Brewing Company Igor's Dream tomorrow night ― see you then!, We're going stir-crazy! Doing our best to open up tonight... stay tuned., Fucking snow, who art in my way, accursed be thy name. 

Thy flakes will fall, making my income small but my debts remain unforgiven. 

Stop this day, frozen bullshit, and let us shovel our walks and send plows to clear the streets and highways. 

And don't stay until spring or summer, but fuck straight off to sea. 

In the name of the shovel, the plow, and the holy snow blower: bite me!

(Credit: Mary Kelley), We'll be closed today! That storm sure did some work around here..., So... come sit on the moon HERE!, Kick off Friday night with us and Hidden Cove Brewing Company Jali ― now on draft!, Tired of yet another Hallmark holiday?

GOOD., Just tapped a cask of Berkshire Brewing Company Scotch Ale! Freshy fresh., We watched Rob Gronkowski having some fun in the parade yesterday..., #picsfromlastnight: FIRST mug of Night Shift Brewing at Buk's Boston ― Craigerator is now on draft!, The sausage in today's special Sweet Italian Sausage Sando has been steamed in beer then grilled and topped with sautéed onions, peppers, and mushrooms. #WOW

Matt suggests pairing it with Notch Brewing Cerne Pivo and a side of broccoli and carrots sautéed in butter., If it's going to snow AGAIN this week, you better get a head start on the day(s) you won't get out.

High & Mighty Beer Beer Of The Gods is now on tap, and suitable for a Tuesday night.

"A refreshing German-style beer that could never happen in Germany – as easy to drink as the best Kölsch but as hoppy and satisfying as a supreme Altbier. And the best news? At only 4.5%, it won't keep you from doing the important things in life.", OF COURSE we're open... what's a little snow? Two reasons to bear it:

1) These hot Buffalo Tenders.
2) #BEER., Why be pathetically alone with bagged chips & canned salsa when you can come here for fresh corn tortilla chips & WHITE TRASH CHEESE DIP? #GOPATS

[photo: @ktdid1082], WOMAN POWER!!

Now on draft is Delirium Brewery's Deliria, a special 8.5% beer brewed once a year by the women of the brewery in honor of International Women's Day., #deepthoughtswithhank, This Veggie Pasta Bowl (on special!) is the ULTIMATE post-snow day comfort food. Enjoy with a Bear Republic Brewing Co. Racer 5 IPA!, Snow update: we're now open!, The now-infamous Boston Yeti has scared us into staying inside and drinking beer all day........ 

We'll reopen once this terrifying creature goes back to where he came from (or when we're finally able to make it downtown). Stay posted!, Snow hours for the Wilcox Hospitality Group:

-Bukowski Boston & Cambridge: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Open Tuesday 4 or 5pm (if weather & safety allow) with limited snow menu.
-The Tip Tap Room: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Open Tuesday 4 or 5pm (if weather & safety allow) with limited snow menu.
-Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Closed Tuesday.
-Estelle's Southern Cuisine: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Closed Tuesday.
-Parish Cafe & Parish Cafe II: Closing at 10pm tonight. / Closed Tuesday.
-Lower Depths: Closing at 11pm tonight. / Closed Tuesday., One thing you WILL NOT be able to get when you're snowed in: the Salami Cuban.

Better stuff yourself now with this masterpiece of pulled pork, honey ham, salami, melted Swiss cheese, pickles, and a special spicy sauce NOW!, Our infamous Peanut Butter Burger is ready to celebrate #NationalPeanutButterDay with you!

........and it has bacon. #DOUBLEWIN, We won't argue when you go straight for White Trash Poutine Tots tonight!

A plate of crispy goodness smothered in our spicy cheese sauce and beef gravy, we know you can't resist. #GIVEIN, Matt suggests kicking off your Thursday night with Jack's Abby Brewing Punch Berliner.

"It's a sour wheat lager, super funky, and something different. It's even cooler because it's local.", Let us know what you're drinking by checking in on Untappd! Todd N. just settled for a Brewmaster Jack Total Eclipse. 

"Basic rye is malted and then kilned at a specific temperature to create chocolate flavors. German Carafa malt is also used to create an intense dark color while keeping out astringencies caused by grain husks. Lastly, lactose sugar is added to give the beer a creamy mouthfeel.", Otter Creek Brewing Kind Ryed PA is on tap now!

"A big, unfiltered American IPA built to accompany the big Eastern Winter. Just like an epic bluebird day follows a snow storm, a peppery build from the Rye-malt accompanies glorious hop notes of pine, citrus and fresh grass.", It's lunch time and you want a burger.

We've got you... with one of the ULTIMATE burgers. Yes, that's bacon you see on them all. #choosewisely, Mayflower Brewing Company Golden Ale is on cask now!

"Crisp and dry with a slight malt flavor and a subtle hop spice. This straw-colored ale offers easy drinkability for the novice yet plenty of flavor for the discriminating connoisseur.", @joemug251 just came by for a Boulevard Brewing Company Single-Wide IPA, "a heady combination of six varieties of hops, some of which were employed for dry-hopping."

Where are YOU headed after work?, Can't decide what to drink tonight?

When in doubt, spin it out... it's ALWAYS game night at our bar. #NoTurningBack

(Video by @katermagoo), When it's this cold, you want our warm, ooey-gooey White Trash Cheese Dip. 

Ok...you want it all the time. But ESPECIALLY now.

(Photo by @ktdid1082), Three things to tackle before they're gone: Corned Beef Reuben Flat & Vegetarian Corn Chowder (BOTH on special!), and the bar stool next to the warm kitchen., *attention grabbed* #TheMoreYouKnow, It's getting late and you need to find something to eat, STAT.

Lucky for you, we serve food 'til 1am, and this Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is on special!, #TGIF!! Get your snack on with our Beer Battered Banana Pepper Boat, served with 1000 island dressing and on special NOW., ATTN. vegetarians!!

Our Vegetarian Eggplant Parmesan & Sautéed Green Beans are both on special, just for you.

Enjoy with an Otter Creek Brewing Overgrown, "dripping with dank, American hop flavors and aromas.", Congrats to the Buk's across the river on their reopening last night! Pay 'em a visit soon., Get iron and protein at the same time with the infamous Peanut Butter Burger. #YESPLEASE, Come grab a California Burger with a veggie patty — order without bacon for an awesome #MeatlessMonday burger!, NO SUCH THING as too much #MEAT!! With that, we challenge you to the Salami Cuban.

Pulled pork, honey ham, salami, melted Swiss cheese, pickles, & our special spicy sauce on toasted french bread., Let's kick off 2015 with some #deepthoughtswithhank., We're READY.

The festivities begin in eight hours. Come give a big eff you to New Year's Eve and remember: NO party hats, horns, balloons, champagne toasts, or countdowns, confetti, ball drops, etc., Jalapeño Poppers are now on special!

Lightly fried and beer-battered jalapeños filled with cream cheese and served with spicy ranch. Take a seat at the bar and enjoy with your favorite beer!, A WHOLE DAY dedicated to #BACON?!

That's right, and we're celebrating with our Bacon & Bleu Burger. #NationalBaconDay, THIS IS IN TWO DAYS!!

More info: http://on.fb.me/1z3y3Wj, "Perfect spot for some afternoon 'white trash' American poutine and beer." 

Why thank you, @lexabite! C'mon down, friends., "Think New Year's Eve is overrated? You're not alone."

Thanks BostInno for featuring our F*CK New Year's party!, Jingle bells, jingle bells...

We're closing at 5pm tonight and all day tomorrow for Christmas! Enjoy your holiday!!, It's weather like this that makes us crave soup...

So guess what? Our vegan Butternut Squash Soup is on special!!, Why have a salad when you can have a wrap?

Our Chicken Caesar Wrap is why: grilled chicken, Parmesan cheese, garlic croutons, Caesar dressing, and romaine lettuce wrapped up in a large flour tortilla., Our extraordinary *regular* menu is incredibly cheap ($5.99) every night after midnight! 

So when you're hungry later on... we suggest our Buffalo Tenders, Housemade Turkey Burger, or Steak Bomb., No party hats, horns, balloons, champagne toasts, or countdowns, confetti, ball drops, etc.

Who's coming?!, Start your weekend tonight with Labatt Blue Light because the raffle winner will be drawn at 8:30pm TOMORROW!!, We have two new beers on tap: Boulevard Brewing Company Harvest Dance Wheat Wine & Anderson Valley Brewing Company Blood Orange Gose!

Which will you try?, A marriage made in chicken/gravy/cheese heaven. Hungry? Cold? Try our Poutine Chicken Tenders!! 

This. Just. Happened., We're getting ready for the holidays, and @maggiealoh captured the outside deco!, You've had our Peanut Butter, California, and Turkey Burgers... but what about our Bacon & Bleu Burger?

Your stomach is SO ready for this one, topped with bleu cheese crumbles and crisp BACON., Our Labatt hockey jersey raffle is running until 12/19!

Buy a Labatt Blue Light and receive a raffle ticket for the prize. Drink up!!, The REAL DEAL Meatball Sub is exactly what it sounds like, and on special now!!

Delicious balls o' meat and goodies smothered in marinara and topped with melted provolone. Enjoy with a glass of Riverwalk Brewing Winter!, We give you TWO pretzels instead of one!!

These salted and buttered soft pretzels are the perfect rainy day food, especially with house made beer grain mustard & our white trash cheese dip for smothering. On special now!, Come by after work for Dogfish Head Beer's BEER THOUSAND — now on draft!

"Fleeting fruit notes in the aroma give way to a sweet and malty flavor and a clean, warm finish. It goes down perfectly between barrages of low-fi 90-second jams.", All our burgers are available with a veggie patty, ya know!

YES, even this California Burger, and it's topped with aged white cheddar, bacon, and fresh avocado., Stone Brewing Co.'s Enjoy By 12.26.14 is on tap!

There is no better time than RIGHT NOW to enjoy this "devastatingly fresh double IPA.", Have you tried Hank's Grilled Chicken Sandwich?

It's seriously perfect when you want chicken!! A marinated 6oz breast grilled to order with melted swiss, crispy bacon, chipotle mayo, lettuce, and tomato., #FYI: The Peanut Butter Burger IS A THING. A really, really f#&^ing good thing.

(Photo by @wbrosnan1), Did someone say #SPICY?!

We hope so, because the Salami Cuban is to die for with our special spicy sauce! 

Also made with pulled pork, honey ham, salami, melted swiss cheese, and pickles on toasted french bread., #deepthoughtswithhank, Jonni has created another special burger for you this week!

The Portobello Burger is a six ounce beef burger topped with melted Swiss, fried mushrooms, lettuce, tomato, and caramelized onions. #WOW, Our Capicola & Bacon Flatbread Pizza topped with tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, capicola, and bacon is now on special!

Enjoy it  with a Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Grapefruit Sculpin... a #winning combo!!, ICYMI: We're giving away a Labatt hockey jersey!

Buy a Labatt Blue Light and receive a raffle ticket between now and 12/19. Cheers!, SOMETHING YOU MUST KNOW: our extraordinary *regular* menu is incredibly cheap ($5.99) every night after midnight!!

Come by for a late-night snack, like Buffalo Tenders — they're popular for a reason., SO. MUCH. TURKEY. If you're all turkey-d out, our Chicken Caesar Wrap is a great alternative to leftovers today!

Grilled chicken, parmesan cheese, garlic croutons, Caesar dressing, and romaine lettuce wrapped up in a large flour tortilla. #FoodPartTwo, We will be closed tomorrow!

Because friends & family. And BEER & turkey. Enjoy your holiday!, "Bukowski’s Tavern is Boston’s O.G. craft beer bar."

Thanks, PUNCH!, Practice stuffing your face today with our Bacon & Bleu Burger, topped with bleu cheese crumbles and crisp bacon.

Then your stomach will be ready., Jonas is back!! (kinda) 

Find him behind the bar sporadically through the end of the year and order up a pint of something #GOOD., Our Labatt hockey jersey raffle begins TODAY!!

How to win? Buy a Labatt Blue Light + get a raffle ticket. There will also be a rep coming by 6:30-8:30 tonight with some swag!, What better weekend combo than a burger & fries, especially when BACON and AVOCADO are involved?! 

@mcollins02151 enjoyed just that with our California Burger. Mmm..., Starting MONDAY:

Buy a Labatt Blue Light and receive a raffle ticket for this Labatt hockey jersey. Drink up! (Contest runs 11/24 - 12/19), Skip the pasta — chicken parm is OBVIOUSLY better in a sandwich when our Chicken Parm Tenderwich is on special!!

Fresh lightly fried chicken tenderloins smothered with marinara and melted mozzarella cheese. Served on a toasted baguette with choice of side., Jonni is at it again with another killer flatbread special!!

Mushroom Flatbread Pizza: grilled flatbread topped with tomato sauce, mozzarella cheese, and fried portobello mushrooms. YUM., PEANUT. BUTTER.

... on a burger?! We have that.

(Photo by @wbrosnan1), Wanting meat on #MeatlessMonday??

SAME. Just blame it on Hank's Grilled Chicken Sandwich.
A marinated 6oz breast grilled to order with melted swiss, crispy bacon, chipotle mayo, lettuce, and tomato., *TALES OF ORDINARY MENU MADNESS*

Our extraordinary *regular* menu is incredibly cheap ($5.99) every night after midnight! We suggest our Buffalo Tenders, Housemade Turkey Burger, or Steak Bomb., "It’s a surefire bet that there are very few pubs in the Boston area that have more of a craft beer selection than Bukowski Tavern..."

Thanks WBZ | CBS Boston for naming us a place for Boston’s Best Craft Beer Specials! Read the article here:, Feel like snacking? Our White Trash Cheese Dip is THE answer.

A warm concoction of American cheese, green chilis, jalapeños, diced tomatoes, and diced onions. Served with fresh corn tortilla chips, of course!!

(Photo by @ktdid1082), This is so f'n cool — Thanks Andrew Sprague for the awesome photos and POEM!, Something you must know: Fried Buffalo Chicken RAVIOLIS are on special!

Fried panko-breaded pasta filled with buffalo style chicken. Get 'em now!, Keep a close look at our draught list in the next few weeks. We have some exciting stuff in house we can't wait to tap :), Why YES, yes you may order our California Burger with a veggie patty (sans bacon) for #MeatlessMonday.

It tastes extra good topped with aged white cheddar and avocado!, Treat yourself to some cheesy, avocado-topped goodness with our Housemade Turkey Burger!!

Also loaded with crispy bacon, boom boom sauce, lettuce, sliced tomato, and pickles on a toasted egg bun., Snack-worthy and on special now: Beer Battered Banana Pepper Boat!

Try a little boat of our tasty fried beer battered peppers, served with 1000 island dressing. #TGIF., Thanks @kid_ridiculous for stopping by on your New England honeymoon!  

'Grats and glad to see you enjoyed!, Come celebrate #InternationalStoutDay with a Dark Horse Brewing Co. One Oatmeal Stout!

"Number one in a series of five stouts produced to help ease you through the cold and grey midwestern winters. This beer is full bodied with hints of chocolate, roasted barley, coffee flavors and a nice creamy head.", Just in time for dinner, our Spicy Ranch Fried Chix Sammy is now on special!!

Lightly battered and fried chicken, apple smoked bacon, cheddar cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce on toasted flatbread with our spicy ranch dressing. Served with choice of side., WBZ | CBS Boston named us one of five Boston bars for local beer!!

"This Dalton Street joint is practically stocked to the gills with a bevy of local beers from across Boston and the greater New England area.", With our special spicy sauce, the SALAMI CUBAN is mouth-watering.

Pulled pork, honey ham, salami, melted swiss cheese, and pickles on toasted french bread. Get over here!!, WARNING: You will be addicted to our White Trash Poutine Tots!!!

They're suchhhh a great snack option, smothered with spicy cheese sauce, beef gravy, and scallions. You've been warned., Round and round it goes, where it stops no one knows! 

Go ahead, take a spin at the beer wheel — but you MUST drink whatever it lands on. (Video by @katermagoo), A little Sunday poetry from our main man.......

Photo by @nugznorton., Now on special: Hawaiian Flatbread Plus!

Grilled and topped with pineapple, bacon, onions, avocado, and garlic aioli. Yum a dum dum!!, Happy Halloween from Justin and Jonni!!! Don't they look GREAT?, For all you ghouls and goblins out there, we're still pouring Two Roads Brewing Company's Roadsmary's Baby!

A pumpkin ale that has been aged in rum barrels, it will teach you how to float. They allll float down here!!!, Thanks Tom., If you haven't had our Veggie Chili Nachos, NOW YOU CAN because they *just* went on special!!!

Corn tortilla chips, melted cheddar cheese, vegan bean chili, jalapeños, sour cream, scallions, and tomatoes., A wrap is really just a salad you can eat with your hands… right???

YUP. Do just that with our Chicken Caesar Wrap!

Grilled chicken, parmesan cheese, garlic croutons, Caesar dressing, and romaine lettuce wrapped up in a large flour tortilla. #YUM., We're having a Two Roads Brewing Company #BEER SOCIAL tomorrow night!

Roadsmary's Baby + Roadsmary's OTHER Baby, plus a third line TBA, will be on tap. Get ready to drink up!

More info: http://on.fb.me/1tdhGYW, It's SUNDAY FUNDAY, and there's nothing not fun about our Peanut Butter Burger!

Trust us, it's good. Especially with BACON.

(Photo by @wbrosnan1), Back on special by popular demand…

MOZZARELLA STICKS!! 

Served with a side of warm marinara and ready for face-stuffing., We just put SWEET CHILI WINGS on special!!!

They go well with #beer., Pork Tacos are on special… in a TRIO! Because three are better than one.

Shredded BBQ pork on flour tortillas with our homemade spicy pineapple salsa and sour cream. Get 'em while they last!, The Tropical Burger is coming soon to our menu!! GET PUMPED., What goes with BACON and Texas Toast? 

HANK'S GRILLED CHICKEN!!!

A marinated 6oz breast grilled to order with melted swiss, crispy bacon, chipotle mayo, lettuce, and tomato., The gang's all here and we're about to make our next #RIPseries beer with Rising Tide Brewing Company!!!!, Why of course you may order a California Burger with a veggie patty!

Topped with aged white cheddar, bacon, and fresh avocado.

#PROTIP: Skip the bacon for #MeatlessMonday!, #deepthoughtswithhank, Two Roads Brewing Company's Rosemary's Baby is first on Boston Magazine's list of local pumpkin beers that don’t suck!

Try it, along with Roadsmary’s OTHER Baby, at the Two Roads Beer Social on 10/28: http://bit.ly/BuksTwoRoads, Looks like Justin's really into this whole "thumbs up" thing.

What else is he into? The latest release from beer-collaborating duo Otter Creek Brewing + Lawson's Finest Liquids: Double Dose IPA!

Stay tuned for this delicious brew, available this weekend!, Now on special: The Turkey HONEY BOO BOO!!!

Grilled smoked honey turkey topped with melted swiss cheese, caramelized onions, honey mustard sauce and of course bacon on toasted sourdough. 

~*a dolla makes us holla*~, Captioned: "And this is currently happening....Kids at Disney right now!"

We're FLATTERED! They do look pretty freakin' excited. 

(Photo by IG user @tdash1), In case you were wondering about Pretty Things: http://bit.ly/1scVtrR, We don't do PB&J.

But PB& [veggie] BURGER...

!!@&!!!$%!

(Photo by IG user @tmhayes77), null, We're open normal hours today — stop in any time for this warm concoction of American cheese, green chilis, jalapeños, diced tomatoes, and diced onions. #WOW, The rain is GONE! Roll outta bed for this classic combo, now on special:

Vegan Tomato Soup & Grilled Cheese!

GET UP., You want bombers? Well we got 'em!!!!

Enjoy some great fall flavors from certain local favorite breweries. Come in, relax and toast this great time to be a beer fan! Prost!, Stayed tuned for more info about this night!!!!!!, It's FRIDAY — and it's officially ok to STUFF YOUR FACE!

(Photo by IG user @xela1008), Ditch your day job for a job you actually want... The Italian Job!

A warm baguette stuffed with capicola, salami, mortadella, provone, tomatoes, lettuce, pickles, and red inion topped with an herb vinaigrette and cherry pepper relish., TONIGHT, we'll be pouring Long Trail Brewing's special 25th Anniversary Ale!!

"Crafted to commemorate 25 years of brewing, Long Trail’s limited edition 25th Anniversary Ale is a barrel-aged stout that weighs in at 9% ABV."

SEE EVERYONE THERE!!, Justin is pretty stoked about our NEW special!!! 

Buffalo Chicken Dumplings: 5 pan fried dumplings filled with buffalo chicken and veggies. Served with lettuce, diced carrots, and celery with a side of blue cheese dressing. NOMS., Mug Lyfe, yo!!!!

New shipment of mugs just arrived! Come and claim your babies you worked on, people! Your liver and wallet thank you., Beer! Friends! Buk's!

TOMORROW at 7:30pm we'll be pouring Long Trail Brewing's limited edition 25th Anniversary Ale, a barrel-aged stout that weighs in at 9% ABV.

"We blended a bourbon barrel-aged batch of our recently retired Brewmaster Series Imperial Porter with a rye whiskey barrel-aged iteration of Culmination, our dark chocolate porter released under the Brush & Barrel Series." <--------- aka #DELICIOUS

https://www.facebook.com/events/711170475632208/, Last night was a late one for #Patriots fans! Chill out tonight with a really good BEER, like Lost Nation Brewing's Rustic Ale.

"A ruby colored ale that has a pronounced hop character. This smooth beer features a soft malt body that is complimented by a generous amount of American hops both in the kettle and after fermentation.", #FunFact from a 1951 beer ad! 

[[Read more about it here: http://bit.ly/1CHGoD8]], We're hosting a Long Trail Brewing 25th Anniversary Beer Social on October 8th!! BE HERE.

More: https://www.facebook.com/events/711170475632208/, null, "If you're in the Back Bay and are serious about your imbibing, there is no better place than Bukowski Tavern. Grab a seat at the wooden bar, bellow for the beer book, and commiserate with the 'laureate of American lowlife' relishing great beers."

Thanks to Thrillist for naming us best beer bar in the Back Bay! http://bit.ly/1pFM1Jc, This weather won't ruin our Oktoberfest-themed eating & drinking....

Behold: THE OKTOBERFEST BURGER!! A six-ounce burger topped with melted swiss, whole grain beer mustard and sauerkraut. Served on a pretzel bun with onions and a choice of side.

#PROTIP: pair it with a Naragansett Fest!, Apparently Starbucks is testing out a latte that tastes like beer.

We'll just stick with ACTUAL beer, thanks......., It's #Oktoberfest.... and here's our very special SAUSAGE FEST!!!!

One brat and one knockwurst (all beef) cooked in beer and then grilled. Served with our apple and beer braised red cabbage, warm bacon potato salad, sauerkraut and a side of whole grain dijon beer mustard for dipping.

PROST!, White Trash Poutine Tots = a #winning breakfast. (via Twitter user @Skidman61), CRAFT CIDER INVASION tonight at 7!

We're launching all 3 styles of the Cali-based Sonoma Cider: The Anvil, The Pitchfork, and The Hatchet! Get here.

"Available in three surprisingly distinct flavors, apple, bourbon and pear, they’re our children. Sonoma’s children. Intense labors of love. We, naturally, can’t pick a favorite. That’s your job.", null, We're excited to launch all three styles of the California-based Sonoma Cider this Thursday at 7pm: The Hatchet (apple), The Anvil (bourbon), and The Pitchfork (pear)!

More about Sonoma Cider:
"We use fresh juice from tree ripened apples. No concentrates, ever. Beyond that, we hand select small, organic apples. We find the most vivid, concentrated flavors live there. Then it’s a question of balance. Each cider starts with a vision – an idea nursed, through artist’s alchemy, to fruition. Generous doses of time, trial and expectation yield all-natural, certified organic ciders.", Oktoberfest — Buk's style!

Pair Weihenstephan USA's Festbier with our special basket of two salted and buttered soft pretzels, served with house-made beer grain mustard & BEER CREAM CHEESE for dipping!

#PROST!, Thanks The Daily Meal!, This Sunday needs more BOOM BOOM SAUCE!!!!!!!

Find it on our Housemade Turkey Burger with havarti cheese, crispy bacon, & fresh avocado!! #BOOM., "True happiness: working for oneself." - Gordon Wilcox, Welcome to the world, Everly Munro! #sobeautiful #burritobaby, FALL BOTTLE SPECIALS from Anderson Valley Brewing Company, Narragansett Beer, Paulaner Polska, La bière St-Ambroise, & Wasatch Brewery!!!!!!

REMEMBER: NO sugar rims, fools!, We have Anderson Valley Brewing Company's Fall Hornin' in cans now... and if you're lucky on draft later!! 

"With a brilliant, deep copper hue and creamy beige-colored head, our Fall Hornin’ Pumpkin Ale has inviting aromas of caramelized malt and baking bread with highlights of cinnamon, nutmeg, pumpkin and seasonal spices. The pleasantly creamy mouthfeel and silky body embrace the sweet caramel flavors and tang of spices (with just hint of hops) that ends in a smooth, round finish.", These special Tostadas de Pollo were inspired by Jonni's mama.... or WERE THEY. 

A couple of fried corn tortillas topped with shredded chicken, tomato salsa, spicy slaw, fresh sliced avocados and diced tomatoes!!, Now on tap: Mayflower Brewing Company Berliner Weisse + Wasatch Brewery GhostRider White IPA.

Get 'em before they're gone!! #CHEERS., #MeatlessMonday? More like MEAT MONDAY.

Get a load of the Salami Cuban: pulled pork, honey ham, salami, melted swiss cheese, & pickles on toasted french bread with our special spicy sauce!!, When the world turns its back on you, just remember Hank is always here.

Hank's Grilled Chicken Sandwich: a marinated 6oz breast grilled to order with melted swiss, crispy bacon, chipotle mayo, lettuce and tomato on Texas toast!!, A bit brisk out there, huh?

A bowl of Vegan Carrot Soup will do the body good!, Yep, that's peanut butter and bacon on a burger... and if you haven't tried it yet, TODAY'S THE DAY!

Awesome photo by @wbrosnan1., Ashley's LAST NIGHT of pouring beers & lookin' REAL GOOD behind the bar!!!!!

Send her off right with an Ithaca Beer Co. Country Pumpkin!!, It's Ashley's LAST DAY!!!!!!!!!!

Come in TONIGHT and see her off before she embarks on that long, magical journey some call "mommyhood". We'll miss you!!!! <3, It's the ULTIMATE PRETZEL DOG and it's the best choice you'll make all weekend!! 

An all beef grilled hotdog wrapped in bacon topped with our spicy cheese sauce! All on a buttered and toasted pretzel bun. 

Sided here with our grilled corn on the cob!, It's FRIDAY! Dig into this special BBQ Chix South West Salad .... before we eat it all., If you know what's good for you, you'll get here for this BEEF BRISKET SAMMY, on special now! 

Sliced beef brisket swimming in our tangy bourbon BBQ sauce, served on toasted sour dough with melted cheddar cheese and topped with our spicy slaw. #WHOA, Hey #vegetarians... we've got your back.

Substitute a Veggie Patty in ANY of our burgers!! Here's the California Burger with aged white cheddar, bacon (optional, obviously) and fresh avocado., Gordon with his favorite girls!, Well, since you guys insisted...

WHITE TRASH POUTINE TOTS! You're welcome.

(BTW, we'll be open regular hours all Labor Day weekend.), Our favorite ooey-gooey concoction: WHITE TRASH CHEESE DIP!!

Have you tried it yet?

(Photo: @ktdid1082), Thanks to everyone who came out to the first annual Chefs for Clefts fundraiser at the The Tip Tap Room last night!

Pick up a copy of today's Boston Herald for a nice wrap-up of the event, which helped raise funds for Massachusetts General Hospital's Global Surgical Initiative, or check out the article online here: http://bit.ly/1zzogIj

Photo gallery: http://bit.ly/1tR7Lpf, Get your VEG on with Lil Suzy and the special Veggie Burrito: a flour tortilla with roasted veggies, avocado, our vegetarian chili, rice, shredded cheddar, and south west BBQ sauce!!, How's your Monday going?

Ours is FANTASTIC because Matt is here and using his sick bartending skills to pour Coronado Brewing Company Orange Avenue Wit!!!!!!!, #SATURDAY.

....that is all.

Photo: http://instagram.com/dimpleinator, It's our HOUSEMADE Turkey Burger!!

Topped with Havarti Cheese, Crispy Bacon, Boom Boom Sauce, and Fresh Avocado ........you want this., TONIGHT at 7 we bid farewell to our beloved Dogfish Head Beer Raison D'Etre!!

Pouring Raison D'Etre (obviously) plus:
60 Minute
61 Minute
90 Minute
Indian Brown Ale
Midas Touch
Palo Santo

https://www.facebook.com/events/689450004462771/, We got a new toy for our farewell to Dogfish Head Beer Raison D'Etre tomorrow! 

We'll be dry-hopping (and grapefruiting) your 60 Minute all night long!

DEETS: http://on.fb.me/1sPRjZt, DOGFISH HEAD. IT'S GOOD.

Also good: our farewell to Dogfish Head Beer's Raison D'Etre TOMORROW!!!!!

We'll be pouring Raison D'Etre plus...
60 Minute
61 Minute
90 Minute
Indian Brown Ale
Midas Touch
Palo Santo  

https://www.facebook.com/events/689450004462771/?ref=5, HAPPY BIRTHDAY HANK!!!!!!!, HAPPY FRIDAY. It's about that time .......

..... to dive into a Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-a, Port Brewing / The Lost abbey #WIPEOUT., We got a job for you.

....THE ITALIAN JOB, that is!!!!!

A warm baguette stuffed with capicola, salami, mortadella, provolone, tomatoes, lettuce, pickles and red onion topped with an heart vinaigrette and cherry pepper relish., Thanks to Thrillist for featuring us in "5 Boston Mug Clubs You'll Want to Join: http://bit.ly/1sFWomS

"Upon 'graduation', you score a numbered 25oz glass mug (inscribed with your favorite long-gone writer’s name) and deals on drafts. And a dash of street cred."

#CHEERS!, 8/27: We're having a Sierra Nevada Brewing Company / Allagash Brewing Company event in honor of their Myron's Walk collaboration!

Pouring:

Sierra Nevada Pale Ale
Sierra Nevada Trip Into the Woods
Sierra Nevada West Coast Double IPA (Never leaves Chico, CA!)
Allagash White
Allagash Fluxus 2014
Allagash Confluence 2014
Sierra Nevada/Allagash Myron's Walk (their collaboration for Beer Camp Across America)

And there will be two extra special (read: #EPIC) guest drafts, which we'll reveal sometime next week.... STAY TUNED.

RSVP: https://www.facebook.com/events/1465360337054040/, IT'S ZE GERMANS!!!

Our special Footlong German Style Dog is topped with fresh kraut, beer mustard and diced red onions. DANKE!, It's @stoolattheend's last Monday behind the bar!!

Pay him a visit & order up some Peak Organic Brewing Citrus Saison... if you're nice, he may even strike a pose!, The Salami Cuban, otherwise known as OUR SALUTE TO #MEAT!

Pulled pork, honey ham, salami, melted swiss cheese, & pickles on toasted french bread with our special spicy sauce. Mmmmmmm., We bid farewell to our beloved Dogfish Head Beer Raison D'Etre on August 19th.

You were a good beer. A delicious beer. Our reason for existence. (Get it?)

https://www.facebook.com/events/689450004462771/, Another week, another MIND BLOWING hot dog.

This week's is topped with Jalapeño Salsa Verde + Bacon Bits - come & get it!, August 19th: Join us in bidding farewell to Dogfish Head Beer's Raison D'Etre!

We'll be pouring Raison D'Etre (obviously) plus...
60 Minute
61 Minute
90 Minute
Indian Brown Ale
Midas Touch
Palo Santo

https://www.facebook.com/events/689450004462771/, null, New on tap: Cambridge Brewing Company Sgt. Pepper!

New in bottles: Far From The Tree Craft Hard Cider Rind, Roots, & Sprig! We're the second bar to carry the ciders and it's only the 8th week of this Salem-based cider house selling products!

Chris is super excited to pour these ciders, which are made the old-school way in barrels, so come in and MAKE. HIS. DAY., "Burgers, hot dogs, one of Boston's biggest beer selections, and White Trash Cheese Dip..."

Sounds about right! Thanks GAYOT.com - The Guide to the Good Life: http://bit.ly/1m33UAF, Say it together now: #YUM.

On special is this Steak Pita Pocket stuffed with fresh marinated sirloin, baby spinach, cherry tomatoes, avocado, pickled red onions and jack cheese!!, Get those mouths ready...

PULLED PORK PRETZEL SLIDERS are back on special!

...hey, we warned you., Brand spankin' new on special: MEXICALI DOG!!!!

An all beef hotdog topped with fresh guacamole and queso fresco, on a buttered and toasted New England style bun. Served with a choice of side., Now on tap: Left Hand Brewing Company Milk Stout, Peak Organic Brewing Fresh Cut, Foolproof Brewing Company Barstool, & Victory Brewing Company Swing!!

#SALVATION., NOW POURING:

A collaboration among Portland's finest: Allagash Brewing Company, Maine Beer Company, and Rising Tide Brewing Company!!!

Prince Tuesday is a hard-to-find Belgian Rye Pale Ale that's "heaven in a glass!" -Jim, Life is too precious not to stuff your face with WHITE TRASH POUTINE TOTS., #WOW look at this extraordinary STEAK & BLEU SALAD ... and Chris.

Fresh sirloin cooked to temp on a bed of mixed greens tossed in our balsamic dressing topped with cherry tomatoes, bleu cheese crumbles and pickled red onions - on special now!!, Pair that Avery Brewing Company Pils with this special Hummus Platter!!!!

Hummus, roasted red peppers, Kalamata olives, feta cheese, and pickled red onions all served up with grilled pita bread - DIP AWAY!, New on tap: Shiner Brewery Ruby Redbird, SOUTHAMPTON PUBLICK HOUSE: BREWERY-GRILL-TAPROOM Summer Blonde, & Smuttynose Brewing Co. Vunderbar!!!!

Shiner's finally here!! Ruby Redbird is a summer refresher that's brewed with ruby red grapefruit & ginger., Start packing that beach bag, 'cause we have the TEENY BIKINI SUMMER SALAD on special!

Get it right, get it tight with this fresh mix of arugula, broccoli, grilled beets, and shredded carrots. Topped with queso fresco and lemon vinaigrette. Add chicken for $3., Our crazy, wonderful, amazing, semi-dysfunctional modern family!

(Thanks to Lil Suzy for the photo.), TONIGHT at 8 we're pouring Long Trail Brewing's Berliner Weisse, Saison, Summer Ale, & Limbo IPA!!

Plus raffling off TWO PASSES to Drink Craft Beer Summerfest!!!!

Cheers.

https://www.facebook.com/events/898732813486727/, Ashley & Chris filling their casks at Mayflower Brewing Company mid-June, and then cheersing the fruits of their labor TONIGHT!!

Ah, the circle of life., TONIGHT at 7 we're tapping Mayflower Brewing Company's:
1. #RIPseries 'Lazy Ambition' release
2. Saison
3. A cask of Pale Ale
4. Two casks Chris, Suzi, & Ashley filled!!!

PLUS we'll be raffling two passes to Drink Craft Beer Summerfest!!

https://www.facebook.com/events/1426026207685731/?ref=5

Photo via Two Girls, One Beer, Want to drink some great brews from Long Trail Brewing?

Want to WIN passes to Drink Craft Beer's Summerfest?

Go to this on Thursday: https://www.facebook.com/events/898732813486727/, Two new bottle specials from Urban Farm Fermentory!!!!!

Baby Jimmy, their cider aged in Jim Beam barrels and....

Looking for something that's low ABV, but still delicious? We've got their 1.5% Hopped Kombucha, dry hopped with Amarillo and Cascade hops., What's this beautiful sight?

It's the CALIFORNIA BURGER with a subbed-in Veggie Patty!!

Topped with aged white cheddar, bacon and fresh avocado., The Hot Dog of the Week is OUT. OF. CONTROL.

The 6 Way Dog: an all beef grilled hot dog topped with our mac and cheese mixed with 5 different veggies (corn, green beans, lima beans, carrots, and peas)!!, null, What's that Lil Suzy's holding?!?

Oh, just some BACON AND CHEESE POTATO SKINS, drizzled with chipotle aioli and on special NOW!!, Thursday, July 17th is going to be one of the best days EVER.

Why?

Because we'll be pouring tons of delicious Long Trail Brewing beers AND raffling off two tickets to one session of Drink Craft Beer's #SUMMERFEST!!

Be here. https://www.facebook.com/events/898732813486727/, null, Sun Goddess Ashley harvests the power of el sol & commands you to drink Sixpoint Brewery's Hi-Res, on tap NOW!, HAPPY JULY 4TH!!

We're open regular hours today for all your drinking needs., We're red, White Birch Brewing, and blue for the fourth!

Chris' Berliner syrups are back!!!!, Here's a photo of Ashley, a teeny naked baby, & Blanche de Bruxelles, on tap NOW!!

We've gone crazy from the heat. Time for ALL. THE. BEER!!!!!, null, Lil Suzy's got you SET for all that #WorldCup madness with the Cuban & the Reu-Burger (on special)!

'MURICA!!!!!, Here's the Salami Cuban.

Here's why you should stuff it in your mouth ASAP: pulled pork, honey ham, salami, melted swiss cheese, & pickles on toasted french bread with our special spicy sauce!!!!!, null, What a great photo of our little beer bar - thanks http://instagram.com/jes_lyngo!

#TGIF, Cape Ann Brewing Beer Social TONIGHT at 7!! Meet the brewer, Brian Fines, & sip on some hard-to-find brews.

Bliss Potato Stout
Tea Party Barleywine
Dead Eye Double IPA
70 Shiling Scottish Ale
Blackburn Imperial Stout 
Sunrise Saison 
Fisherman's Brew 
Dry-Hopped IPA CASK!! 

https://www.facebook.com/events/453366918134767/, HOLY SH$%&^**

Tots with cheddar, bacon, & chipotle aioli - on special, so get 'em while they last!!, Holland, Michigan's New Holland Brewing Co. is finally distributing in MA.... and we're featuring three of their Mad Hatter series!!

They're all different incarnations of the same IPA. Mad Hatter regular IPA, Black Hatter brewed with black malts, & White Hatter brewed with orange peel, chamomile, coriander & grains of paradise., Brian Poe, Gordon Wilcox, and Gene Williams invite you to an impromptu fundraiser upstairs at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake for the Chica Project!

Light 'em up Sunday at 5pm sharp for USA vs Portugal. #WorldCup, Nothing makes us happier than Ashley on a Friday...

Except maybe Ashley on a Friday with a gigantic plate of BEER BATTERED ONION RINGS & a side of chipotle mayo., YO HO YO HO a beer geek's life for me...

TONIGHT's the night! Join us at 7 for the Heavy Seas Beer Meet the Brewer event!

Deets: https://www.facebook.com/events/670915462945778/?ref=5, We're featuring Gloucester, MA's Cape Ann Brewing next Tuesday!!

Come meet the brewer, Brian Fines, & sip on some hard-to-find brews.

Bliss Potato Stout
Tea Party Barleywine
Dead Eye Double IPA
70 Shiling Scottish Ale
Blackburn Imperial Stout 
Sunrise Saison 
Fisherman's Brew 
Dry-Hopped IPA CASK!! (cask-alicious)

https://www.facebook.com/events/453366918134767/, Congrats to Gordon Wilcox & Brian Poe on 2 years at The Tip Tap Room!, NEW SOURS/TART BOTTLE SPECIALS!!

Jolly Pumpkin Brewery Maracaibo Especial & Oro de Calabaza, Freigeist Bierkultur Geisterzug Gose, Squatters Pubs & Beers Bumper Crop, Dogfish Head Beer Rosabi, Downeast Cider House Hard Lemonade, Wasatch Pubs & Beers Last One In, and...

Troubadour Beers Westkust, a Belgian Black IPA with a lot going on, but it's all very well-balanced and delicious!, BRAND SPANKIN' NEW on special: Three Chicken Tacos!!

Three corn tortillas filled with our freshly grilled chicken, topped with cheddar cheese, shredded lettuce, pico de gallo, sour cream & fresh avocado slices.

Pair it with Jack's Abby Brewing Hopstitution XPL!, The real boss.

Gordon Wilcox, Our Chicken Caesar Wrap is on always, but Rising Tide Brewing Company's Spinnaker is gonna go FAST.

Get here ASAP & try the delicious combo while it lasts!!, NEW on tap: Element Brewing Company Vernal, Two Roads Brewing Company Lil' Heaven, & Rising Tide Brewing Company Spinnaker!!, null, Come meet Hugh Sisson, the owner of Heavy Seas Beer, next Wednesday!

Tapping:
White IPA cask
Holy Sheet 
Loose Cannon
Small Craft

https://www.facebook.com/events/670915462945778/, The Buk's Boston & Bukowski Tavern crew brewing the next beer in our #RIPseries today at Mayflower Brewing Company!, You love Gourmet Vegetable Pot Stickers.

Gourmet Vegetable Pot Stickers love you.

Order them today (on special!) & live HAPPILY. EVER. AFTER. <3, Back by popular demand: fried, cheesy, melty, delicious ... MOZZARELLA STICKS!!

Try them with The Shed Brewery Mountain Ale!, Berliner Weisse are traditionally served raw or with woodruff syrup, but Chris took it to the NEXT LEVEL with his berliner syrups!

Create your own BEER COCKTAIL & choose from Blueberry, Strawberry, Raspberry, or Green Magic (thyme, basil, lemongrass, lemon zest, sage, bay leaf).

Expect to see a lot of Berliner Weisse throughout the summer - pouring now is Ithaca Beer Co.'s Cayuga Cruiser!, Wilcox Hospitality meets with Nurys of Chica Project!, Happy Friday - DRINK UP!

Photo by http://instagram.com/toddalstrom., In honor of the Runner's World Heartbreak Hill Half & Festival this weekend, we present to you...

THE PEANUT BUTTER BACON BURGER!!

Shared yesterday by https://twitter.com/Ravenous_Runner., The Italian Job isn't just a 2003 heist film starring Mark Wahlberg, Charlize Theron, Edward Norton, Jason Statham, & Mos Def...

It's also Brandon's FAVORITE sandwich here at Buk's!

A warm baguette stuffed with capicola, salami, mortadella, provolone, tomatoes, lettuce, pickles & red onion topped with an herb vinaigrette and cherry pepper relish. #MEAT., YO HO HO!

Come meet Hugh Sisson, the owner of Heavy Seas Beer, on Wednesday June 18th!

*FUN FACT* Heavy Seas is the #1 provider of American cask beer.

White IPA cask
Holy Sheet 
Loose Cannon
Small Craft

https://www.facebook.com/events/670915462945778/, It's a quesadilla. It's a burger.

It's BOTH & it's back on special!

Quesadilla Burger: all beef patty, lettuce, tomato, pickles, jalapeño, and shredded cheddar all wrapped in a flour tortilla. Seared shut on the grill for portability, yo., null, #FRESHLYtapped: Left Hand Brewing Company Good Juju!

Why to try it:
1. It's a ginger-brewed ale
2. It's refreshing af
3. It's one of Chris's favorite beers OF. ALL. TIME., Lookity look at what we just got ... the SUPER RARE Boulevard Brewing Company LOVE CHILD #4!!!!!, Beer loving mom throws surprise 30th for son. We loved them!, Wilcox Hospitality partners Gordon Wilcox and Brian Poe enjoyed the hospitality extended by La Barra Sports Bar in Everett. 

Thank you ladies!, It's #FRIDAY & we're pouring Mayflower Brewing Company's Summer Rye - cask conditioned with an herbal tea.

Ashley couldn't be happier!, TONIGHT is the night: Anderson Valley Brewing Company “And So It Gose” Event begins at 8:30!

On draft:
The Kimmie, the Yink, and the Holy Gose
Huge Arker 
Keebarlin Pale Ale
Summer Solstice
Mendo Mello Estate Wet Hop Ale

https://www.facebook.com/events/405726656235842/, Come in for the Vegetarian Corn Chowder with Dill, STAY for the Vegetarian Corn Chowder with Dill.

This soup special is so good, we won't blame you for ordering it twice!

#mmmmm., We're gearing up for the 21st Amendment Brewery Beer Social, tonight at 7!

Draughts:
Hell or High Watermelon
Back in Black 
Lower DeBoom
Fireside Chat
Monk's Blood 
Brew Free or Die 
Bitter American

https://www.facebook.com/events/1409064586035524/, Sliced turkey, applewood smoked bacon, avocados, cheddar cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce on sourdough with chipotle aioli.

How's your lunch holding up to the California Turkey Club? Not so good, eh? 

Well it's on special NOW, so come n' get it!, Thanks to the guys over at Zerve for including Buk's in their spotlight of our 'hood! http://blog.zerve.com/2014/05/23/neighborhood-spotlight-back-bay-boston/

"A selection to please any beer nerd, and friendly bartenders to serve it up! Food selection includes a few intriguing oddball specials like a peanut butter hot dog.", Tuesday 7pm: 21st Amendment Brewery BEER SOCIAL!!

We're also debuting the BEER PASSPORT - drink to earn #SWAG: stickers, pints, pens, hats, and if you KICK THE KEG you get a HOODIE!

https://www.facebook.com/events/1409064586035524/, Lookin' good, Gordon!, Next Thursday we're having a fantastic event that is only succeed by it's even MORE fantastic name, courtesy of Chris: 

Anderson Valley “And So It Gose” Event!

Draft release for the brand new Gose style brew from Anderson Valley Brewing Company! 

On draft: 
The Kimmie, the Yink, and the Holy Gose
Huge Arker 
Keebarlin Pale Ale
Summer Solstice
Nettied Madge Black IPA

https://www.facebook.com/events/405726656235842/, null, We're hosting a 21st Amendment Brewery BEER SOCIAL on the 27th!

Bitter American
Brew Free or Die
Back in Black
Fireside Chat
Hell or High Watermelon 
Lower de Boom 
Monks Blood
MYSTERY KEG

Get your beer PASSPORT on - drink to earn #SWAG. Stickers, pints, pens, hats, and if you KICK THE KEG you get a HOODIE! #dare2dream

https://www.facebook.com/events/1409064586035524/?ref=5, We know what you're thinking - YES, we do salads too.

Oh, and they're REALLY F-CKING GOOD.

Spring Goat Cheese Salad with goat cheese, grilled portobello mushrooms, & dried cranberries. Add grilled chicken, bacon or avocado for an additional charge. On special now!!, NEW BEERS!

Jack's Abby Brewing Leisure Time, Avery Brewing Company Maharaja, Green Flash Brewing Co. 30th Street Pale Ale, Dark Horse Brewing Co. Safety Meeting, & Coronado Brewing Company/Cigar City Brewing Jurata!!, All about that #mugLYFE.

Photo credit: http://instagram.com/playingftw, We welcome Two Roads Brewing Company to Boston TONIGHT at 6!! #ACBW

https://www.facebook.com/events/1447872618784335/, Brandon's pouring the second release in our Bukowski #RIPseries: Harpoon Brewery's 'MAI-BUK'!!!!!

It's a mai-bock (spring German beer) that's EXACTLY what you need on a day like today.

P.S. Find the HIDDEN BRANDON!!, TOMORROW we welcome Two Roads Brewing Company to Boston!!

Hailing from Stratford, CT, they produce high-quality beers that were only available at beer fests ... until NOW!

Come in, grab a beer and walk out with a glass to celebrate their arrival in Mass. 

https://www.facebook.com/events/1447872618784335/, It's the OG: The PEANUT BUTTER BURGER!!!!

*bow down*

Photo cred: http://instagram.com/kisselgram, TONIGHT: Try Berkshire Brewing Company's Black IPA, the FIRST in their brand spankin' NEW Brewmaster's Series!!

Gary Bogoff, the founder and head brewer of BBC, will be here along with a bunch of other BBC people.

https://www.facebook.com/events/1557054791187479/, null, To mix or not to mix - the decision is yours to make.

Evil Twin Brewing Yin & Yang Imperial Stout & IPA now on special!

Side note: We just mixed them & they are fantastic together. And we're listening to Black and White by Michael Jackson. This afternoon just got GREAT., Duck, duck, goose!

...minus the "goose."

Asian Duck Legs: duck legs (five of 'em) marinated in ginger and soy, then tossed in a sweet chili sauce. :), On tap right now we have Shmaltz Brewing Company's He'Brew Jewbelation 17 - brewed with 17 hops, 17 malts, & weighing in at 17% ABV!!!!!!! 

Also, if you're in New York, May 17th is Shmaltz's 1st Anniversary Bash - 17 breweries from across NY will be brewing to help them celebrate! Tickets: http://bit.ly/1q7G6CF

#SHALOM., null, Mugs on mugs on mugs. #muglyfe

Photo by http://instagram.com/mymonotonouslife, Chris brought back some treats from his Michigan brewery conquest. Dark Horse Brewing Co. Reserve Special Black Ale (the shotgun), Atwater Brewery Vanilla Java Porter (not pictured), Jolly Pumpkin Brewery Bam Biere (not pictured), and Short's Brewing Company Liberator (the shorts, der). 

That Short's keg is pretty much a one of a kind in this state because they don't distribute to Mass. Respect the Mitten!, Did we mention we're pouring The Spencer Brewery's Trappist tonight?

I guess a couple people heard about it..., Chris serving up some The Spencer Brewery Trappist Ale... on #DRAFT. #thatswhatsup, Chef Brian Poe's getting his Pork Belly “Tots”, Duck Wings, Mini Spencer Trappist PBJ’s, & Chicken in Waffles ready to pair with The Spencer Brewery's Trappist - being TAPPED in t-minus 25 minutes!!!!! Get here!

https://www.facebook.com/events/427401050729538/, Guess our The Spencer Brewery Trappist tapping event (tonight at 6) is pretty trendy, since it was featured in today's NYLON newsletter!

"Head over to Bukowski Tavern tonight to sip on awesome new Trappist beers from The Spencer Brewery, plus enjoy some party favors and delish bites (think sandwiches made with pine nut butter, beer jam, and goat cheese--OMG).", TONIGHT at 6 we'll be tapping some of the FIRST The Spencer Brewery Trappist Ale kegs ever produced!!!!

And just when you thought it couldn't get any better, Chef Brian Poe of Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake & The Tip Tap Room will be providing FOOD pairings in the form of: 

*Mini Spencer Trappist PBJ’s*
*Pork Belly “Tots”*
*Duck Wings*
*Chicken in Waffles*

https://www.facebook.com/events/427401050729538/, Chef Johnny's got a new special for you...

Basket O' Chicharrones - lightly fried PORK RINDS with choice of bourbon BBQ, chipotle aioli, or spicy ranch dipping sauce! #WHOA, Spring's hiding, but we know what will pull it back out...

The HOUSEMADE TURKEY BURGER with havarti cheese, crispy bacon, boom boom sauce & fresh avocado!!!!!!, We're gonna be one of the FIRST to get The Spencer Brewery's Trappist ON DRAFT! 

Celebrate with us on Thursday - we'll be giving away glassware & Chef Brian Poe of Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake & The Tip Tap Room will be providing delicious FOOD PAIRINGS!

**Mini Spencer Trappist PBJ’s**
**Pork Belly “Tots”**
**Duck Wings**
**Chicken in Waffles**

https://www.facebook.com/events/427401050729538/

Photo via Boston.com., null, They ... won't ... stop ... staring ... at ... us.

We can't take it anymore!!!! Eat these White Trash POUTINE TOTS!, LOOK! The rain stopped. 

That, our friends, is the power of the SOUTHWEST VEGGIE QUESADILLA - on special now!, The Hotdog of the Week is an all beef hotdog wrapped in BACON with melted cheddar in a PRETZEL roll...

What would YOU name it?!, Poetry in motion*

*Chris writing out the lyrics to Savage Garden's 'I Want You'., Breckenridge Brewery of Colorado Vanilla Porter...

Gone are the dark clouds that had me blind. It's gonna be a bright (bright) bright (bright) sunshiny day. It's gonna be a bright (bright) bright (bright) sunshiny day., Celebrate Easter with us & this GIANT PLATE of White Trash POUTINE TOTS!

We're open all day tomorrow., null, This isn't your high school pasta party...

Carbo-load before The Boston Marathon with our classic PEANUT BUTTER BURGER!!

Choose crunchy or smooth PB - trust us, it's good.

P.S. We'll be open ALL DAY on Easter!, The Mac and Cheese Dog - get it TONIGHT before it goes off the menu!! #WHOA

Tomorrow the Pregnant Dog is going on - it's loaded with peanut butter for all you runners!, #MarathonMonday necessities: Southwest Pasta + Harpoon IPA!!!!

On Monday, for every pint of Harpoon IPA sold here, Harpoon Brewery will donate $1 to the Stepping Strong Fund to help the victims of last year's tragedy. 

Southwest Pasta: A marathon favorite! Cavatappi pasta smothered in chipotle cheese sauce with chicken, black beans, corn, diced tomatoes, & scallions, Served with a side of buttered toast., The Salami Cuban: pulled pork, honey ham, salami, melted swiss cheese, & pickles on toasted french bread with our special spicy sauce. 

Almost too much meat for a sandwich to handle. #ALMOST, Remembering our friend Krystle Campbell today. We love you and miss you. #BostonStrong, BUK'S <3s Jack's Abby Brewing!!  

Join us for our Jack's Abby Beer Social tomorrow at 7pm!

ON TAP:

-Hoponius Union
-Hopstitution
-Nitro Smoke & Dagger
-Cascadian Schwarzbier
-Smoked Marzen
-Saxonator
-Coffee Barrel Aged Framinghammer
-Mass Rising Cask

https://www.facebook.com/events/474721479323743/, Jack's Abby Brewing BEER SOCIAL next Tuesday!!!!

Draft list:

--Hoponius Union
--Hopstitution
--Nitro Smoke & Dagger
--Cascadian Schwarzbier
--Smoked Marzen
--Saxonator
--Coffee Barrel Aged Framinghammer
--Mass Rising Cask

Join us to celebrate our local favorites!

https://www.facebook.com/events/474721479323743/, #FRESHLYtapped: Lion Beer from Sri Lanka, JK'S Scrumpy Orchard Gold Gate Cider, and Against The Grain Brewery Fruitis the Farmer Beescake!!

Two of Chris' favorites and a new favorite to add to the collection. That last keg is crazy rare from Louisville, Kentucky: a Belgian saison brewed with honey, aged in steel wine barrels with cantaloupe and honeydew for six months, inoculated with Brett, then keg conditioned with more honeydew and cantaloupe juice. 

As crazy good as it is just plain crazy!, AWWWWW they're so cute!!

And by "cute" we mean REALLY F-CKING GOOD.

Mini Pulled Pork Pretzel Sliders!
Pulled pork topped with our bourbon BBQ sauce & diced red onions. Served on three mini toasted pretzels., We're not sure WTF Chris is doing with his face here, but we DO know what he's doing with that handle...

Pouring Mayflower Brewing Company Porter on CASK!!!, This special is DA BOMB!!!!

Chicken Bomb: shaved chicken grilled and topped with peppers, onions, and white trash cheese dip on a toasted baguette., "DEAR GOD. WHAT DID I JUST PUT IN MY MOUTH??!?"

That's a Sweet Chili Wing, sir.

"HOLY SH-T THAT'S GOOD.", STFUUUUUU. ONE MUTHA F-CKING QUART, KEHD.

Share Lagunitas Brewing Co Sucks quart with a friend - because we won't let you go it alone., Tuesday, April 15th: Join us to celebrate our local favorites at our Jack's Abby Brewing BEER SOCIAL!!

Here’s the draft list:

--Hoponius Union
--Hopstitution
--Nitro Smoke & Dagger
--Cascadian Schwarzbier
--Smoked Marzen
--Saxonator
--Coffee Barrel Aged Framinghammer
--Mass Rising Cask

https://www.facebook.com/events/474721479323743/, Debuting the latest Ommegang Game of Thrones release: Fire and Blood!!

A red ale brewed with rye and Ancho chilies. Pick a dragon and take home a snazzy goblet or two! (Hope you like red because our "randomized" case is pretty heavy on red dragons.)

Ashley invokes Daenerys and decries "You can either drink beer in my new world or die in your old one.", Your daily routine could really use some #SPICE.

The Spiced Up Dog: an all beef hotdog grilled and topped with salsa, chopped lettuce and a sriracha sour cream. Served up on a buttered and toasted New England style bun with a choice of side. On special NOW!, We're having a Jack's Abby Brewing BEER SOCIAL on Tuesday, April 15th!!!!!

Draft list:
--Hoponius Union
--Hopstitution
--Nitro Smoke & Dagger
--Cascadian Schwarzbier
--Smoked Marzen
--Saxonator
--Coffee Barrel Aged Framinghammer
--Mass Rising Cask

https://www.facebook.com/events/474721479323743/?context=create&source=49, null, Oh BEEF STEW, how we love you...

On special now!! Get it before we eat it ALL., They've finally arrived!!

We're featuring the Dark Horse Brewery Stout Series!!

Five stouts. Five styles. Five ways to commune with your inner dark horse.

Chris strongly encourages groups to try them ALL in ONE sitting - Kate & Chris did it & it was awesome.

DRINK. THIS. BEER., This Bratwurst Sandwich is terrible.

APRIL FOOLS, SUCKERS!!!!!!

A beef and pork sausage braised in beer served on toasted french bread with sauerkraut, whole grain beer mustard and a choice of a side. Das ist gut!, NEW #CRAFTBEER FOR EVERYONE:

Port Brewing / The Lost abbey Carnevale, Lost Nation Brewing Rustic Ale, & Anderson Valley Brewing Company Heelch O' Hops!!!!!!

http://bukowskitavern.net/boston/current-draft-list/, Please keep your thoughts and prayers with our neighbors across the street and their families.

They have been very kind to us over the years., LOOK! Travel and Leisure named us one of America's Best Beer Bars - we'll drink to that!

"That equal-opportunity ethos sums up Bukowski’s charm: they may carry rare craft beers nobody else in Boston does, but the personable bartenders can wax just as poetic on a bottle of High Life. Their pulp-hero namesake would toast to that."

Article: http://bit.ly/1j3AVOl, Come sail away, come sail away, come sail away with US.

...TONIGHT at our Grey Sail Brewing of Rhode Island BEER SOCIAL!

Street Worthy IPA on cask - it's never been cask-conditioned before AND it's never left the brewery's tasting room. This thing's going to kick ass!

https://www.facebook.com/events/586198998132037/, This gem brought to you by Chris Hallenbeck., Now serving Moonlight Meadery by the glass! 

Four selections: Desire (blueberry, black cherry and black Courant), Fling (rhubarb and strawberry), Kurt's Apple Pie (New Hampshire born apple cider, organic vanilla and cinnamon) and Sensual (traditional wildflower honey). 

So delicious!, The Soup Bitch brings you Vegan RED PEPPER soup!

Like we said, it's vegan. So you can stop asking now., ICYMI: We're having a Grey Sail Brewing of Rhode Island BEER SOCIAL on Tuesday, March 25th!

On tap:
-Hazy Day Belgian Whit
-Flying Jenny 
-Flagship Ale
-2nd Anniversary Quad 
-Undetermined cask

https://www.facebook.com/events/586198998132037/

Photo credit: The Roaming Pint, Presenting our staff photo from last night ... censored. ;)

Come drink with us at our Left Hand Brewing Company beer social tonight... 10 LEFT HAND BEERS. MANY OF THEM HARD TO FIND. #DOIT. https://www.facebook.com/events/657554257614837/, Tonight's the night, folks.

It's our Left Hand Brewing Company BEER SOCIAL!

Tapping:
-Milk Stout Nitro
-Fade to Black Volume 5
-Safety Round 
-Ambidextrous
-Beer Week Sauce (debut!)
-Smoke Jumper
-Polestar Pils
-possible cask!

https://www.facebook.com/events/657554257614837/, We're having a BEER SOCIAL with our friends from Rhode Island, Grey Sail Brewing of Rhode Island, on March 25th!

https://www.facebook.com/events/586198998132037/

P.S. Buks Boston will be closed all day and night TODAY and will reopen at 4pm tomorrow just in time for our beer social with Left Hand Brewing Company!, ATTENTION EVERYONE: We are CLOSED tomorrow for a Staff Party (because we like to drink, too).

...but we're reopening Wednesday at 4pm (in order to sleep it off), when ALL HANDS WILL BE ON DECK for our Left Hand Brewing Company Beer Social! http://on.fb.me/1iA7zFo, Another new one: LDR with a fistful of MOA The Hoppit!

SILLY HOPPITSES. 

MOA BEER, We have a MILLION NEW BEERS on tap after the weekend. One of them is Smuttynose Brewing Co. Noonan, a black IPA. 

And it is good. 

Full drast list: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC, Left Hand Brewing Company BEER SOCIAL next Wednesday!

Tapping:
-Milk Stout Nitro
-Fade to Black Volume 5
-Safety Round 
-Ambidextrous
-Beer Week Sauce (debut!)
-Smoke Jumper
-Polestar Pils
-possible cask!

https://www.facebook.com/events/657554257614837/?ref=5, CORNED BEEF REUBEN. Don't mind if we do.......

Sliced corned beef topped with sauerkraut, thousand island dressing, and melted swiss cheese on toasted marble rye!, ONE WEEK until our Left Hand Brewing Company BEER SOCIAL!

Details: http://on.fb.me/1iA7zFo, What are you eating for #lunch? 

Is it as mouth-watering as our SHEPHERD'S PIE?!

Yeah, didn't think so. See you soon......., Doesn't this Kraut Dog look DELICIOUS?!

Get it while you can - it'll be gone come tomorrow!!, NEW #craftbeer on tap: Evil Twin Brewing The Cowboy, Baxter Brewing Co. On the Count of 3, & Sierra Nevada Brewing Company Ovila Quad!!!!!, Who else can't wait for our Left Hand Brewing Company BEER SOCIAL on Wednesday, March 19th?!!

We'll be tapping:
-Milk Stout Nitro
-Fade to Black Volume 5
-Safety Round 
-Ambidextrous
-Beer Week Sauce (debut!)
-Smoke Jumper
-Polestar Pils
-possible cask!

https://www.facebook.com/events/657554257614837/

Photo credit: Boston.com, null, We're nominated for Best Beer Bar (Bottles) in DigBoston's Dig This Awards 2014!

Vote for us if you like #BEER: http://bit.ly/1ndbElM, Join us in honoring Bukowski, donating to a Boston literacy organization, & drinking #RIPseries BEER., "Why oh why is the dog so FAR AWAY?" Ashley thought to herself. "I just want my KRAUT DOG!!!!!"

An all beef dog grilled with beer mustard, sauerkraut and diced red onions on a buttered toasted New England style bun., Wednesday, March 19th - come hang with our friends from Colorado at our Left Hand Brewing Company BEER SOCIAL!!

Tapping:
-Milk Stout Nitro
-Fade to Black Volume 5
-Safety Round 
-Ambidextrous
-Beer Week Sauce (debut!)
-Smoke Jumper
-Polestar Pils
-possible cask!

https://www.facebook.com/events/657554257614837/, "Once I got this, I never got anything else."

It was love at first bite for this customer - how do YOU feel about our peanut butter burger with bacon? #WHOA, Our Real Deal Spicy Meatball Sub is the REAL DEAL.

...hence the name.

Delicious balls o’ meat and goodies smothered in spicy marinara with melted provolone, lettuce, onion, and jalapeños - on special now!, We've got Cape Ann Brewing Fisherman's Sunrise Saison - aged in Cabernet Sauvignon barrels for 17 months and hand bottled!!

It's one of Cape Ann's more inventive beers & their first spin with Belgian styles of beer. 

They put their own twist on a saison, adding 150 lbs of rhubarb and 250 lbs of whole strawberries. The result is a light pink hue and flavors that wonderfully compliment the natural tartness of the traditional saison. :)

Come 'n get it!, The secret's OUT!

Leave work PUMPED today - because you're heading to our Yuengling Boston RELEASE PARTY 5pm-7pm.

We'll be waiting for you., Guess what Chris's secret is!, Toby and Chris tapping the Peak Organic Brewing Double Dry-Hopped Simcoe Spring cask. 

Gravity pouring that sucker and it's delicious!, Guess what tastes really, really good with Peak Organic Brewing beer?!

These beer-battered steak fries with chipotle mayo!! #WHOAAAAA

See you tonight...

https://www.facebook.com/events/1437075403194678/?ref=5, THEY'RE. SO. BEAUTIFUL.

Peak Organic Brewing BEER SOCIAL tonight, beginning at 6pm!!

Come down, hang out with our Peak rep Toby, drink some awesome beers and maybe even walk out with a prize!

https://www.facebook.com/events/1437075403194678/, Mmmmmmm MEAT LOAF!!!!!

House made meat loaf served with steamed green beans, mashed potatoes, and spicy ketchup... now on special!, Our Peak Organic Brewing Beer Social is next Tuesday!!

Hang with our Peak rep Toby, drink some awesome beers and maybe even walk out with a prize!

https://www.facebook.com/events/1437075403194678/

Photo credit: The Purple Giraffe, Come one, come all to our Mayflower Brewing Company Rye IPA & Spring Hop release party TONIGHT!!!, Sorry, we can't listen to you complain about yet another #bosnow storm right now - we're busy stuffing our faces with the Turkey Swiss Melt.

Sliced turkey, swiss cheese, and chipotle mayo on sourdough with lettuce and tomato. #YUM. Now on special!

Specials menu: http://bit.ly/1b9P2Ac, NEW on special: the Quesadilla Burger!!

All the fun of a burger, without the mess!

A burger patty cooked to temp wrapped in a flour tortilla with lettuce, tomato, shredded cheddar, and chipotle mayo. Served with choice of side.

More specials: http://bit.ly/1b9P2Ac, Ah, spring is here - almost.

Mayflower Brewing Company is debuting their two spring seasonals, Rye IPA & Spring Hop, here TOMORROW!!!

Photo credit: Two Girls, One Beer, "Just because I'm single doesn't mean you have a chance." - Chris, Our Peak Organic Brewing Beer Social is Tuesday, February 25th!!

On tap:
-- Fresh Cut
-- Simcoe Spring
-- Oak-Aged Mocha Stout
-- Hop Blanc
-- Hop Noir
-- King Crimson (first of the season!)
-- Cask of Simcoe Spring double dry-hopped with Simcoe

....talk about true love <3

https://www.facebook.com/events/1437075403194678/?previousaction=join&source=1, Mayflower Brewing Company is debuting their two Spring seasonals here on Tuesday, February 18th!!

We will feature the brand new Rye IPA and their Spring Hop., We're welcoming Coronado Brewing Company to Boston with their collaboration with Cigar City Brewing - Jurata! 

West meets East with this Baltic Porter - as delicious as it is mysterious. Let the mermaid tempt you.

About the brewers:

Coronado Brewing Company is from, well, Coronado, California. They just celebrated their 17th anniversary, but this is the first week they're available in Massachusetts. Expect to see their Islander IPA on draft later this week!

Cigar City is from Tampa, Florida. The buzz around these guys has been huge all over the country, but pretty heavy in the northeast because they don't distribute above New York. So the only way we get stuff from them is via collaborations with other brewers. Awesome!!, YUMMMMM.

Our Snow Cap Tots with veggie chili & goat cheese are the PERFECT match for Oskar Blues Brewery's Icey!!

Get them both at our Oskar Blues Beer Social (#OBBS), going on NOW., #HOPS!!!!!!!!

Our Oskar Blues Brewery Beer Social (#OBBS) is tonight - and we've paired the perfect food to meet all your beer-drinking needs:

Icey - Snow Cap Tots: veggie chili; goat cheese
Ten Fidy 2011 - Fried Plantains: sugar dusted; chocolate sauce

https://www.facebook.com/events/668377393214406/, NEW bottle special: Lagunitas Brewing Co DAYTIME!!!

Updated draft/bottle list: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC, Kick Monday's ass with this NEW DOG!!

The Acapulco Dog: An all beef BACON-wrapped dog topped with a pineapple tomato salsa. Served on a buttered toasted New England style bun, with a choice of side.

More specials: http://bit.ly/1b9P2Ac, Join us TOMORROW NIGHT for our Oskar Blues Brewery Beer Social!! #OBBS

Beers On Draft:
-Dale's Pale Ale
-Deviant Dale's
-Old Chub - nitro
-Dry-Hopped Mama's Little Yella Pils
-Smidy #2 
-2011 Ten Fidy
-Icey  

https://www.facebook.com/events/668377393214406/, Mayflower Brewing Company is debuting their two spring seasonals here on Tuesday, February 18th!

Featuring the brand new Rye IPA and their Spring Hop!, TWEET your heart out at our Oskar Blues Brewery (@oskarbluesNE) Beer Social next Tuesday, February 11th!! ------> #OBBS

We'll be tapping:
-Dale's Pale Ale
-Deviant Dale's
-Old Chub - nitro
-Dry-Hopped Mama's Little Yella Pils
-Smidy #2 
-2011 Ten Fidy
-Icey
 
https://www.facebook.com/events/668377393214406/, The Three Musketeers!

...aka the Three Little Carnitas Tacos: Three flour tortillas filled with our beer braised pork topped with cheddar cheese, shredded romaine lettuce and topped with a spicy tomato pineapple salsa. 

Olé!!!!

New specials: http://bit.ly/1b9P2Ac, AHHHHHH!!

Attack of the GIANT MOZZARELLA STICKS!!

#YUM., null, null, Our favorite way to keep your beer frosty!!

We suggest you practice this tactic in light of our Peak Organic Brewing Beer Social on Tuesday, February 25th.

Come down, hang out with our Peak rep Toby, drink some awesome beers and maybe even walk out with a prize!

https://www.facebook.com/events/1437075403194678/, We're #OpenInBOS regular hours today - come by for lunch!

And then COME BACK tonight around 6pm, 'cause we'll be tapping a pilot batch of Downeast Cider House's "Hard Honey"!!!

Our keg is one of four in the state and this particular cider will not see a wide release for at least another month. 

This Mead/Cider hybrid will be all up in this joint!, LOOK AT ALL THAT FLAVOR.

Try our Shaved Pork Sandwich special for lunch today: thinly shaved pork, caramelized onions, shredded parmesan cheese, spicy ranch dressing and pickled jalapeños on toasted French bread!!

More new specials: http://bit.ly/1b9P2Ac, New beers! http://bit.ly/19zzZdC

Including Founders Brewing Company Imperial Stout!!!!, Hey YOU.

Reminder: our Oskar Blues Brewery Beer Social is next Tuesday, February 11th!! ***#OBBS***

Beers on draft:
-Dale's Pale Ale
-Deviant Dale's
-Old Chub - nitro
-Dry-Hopped Mama's Little Yella Pils
-Smidy #2 
-2011 Ten Fidy
-Icey 

https://www.facebook.com/events/668377393214406/, SCREW. THE. SNOW.

We're already dreaming of spring - especially since Mayflower Brewing Company will be debuting their two Spring Seasonals here on Tuesday, February 18th!!!!!!

We will feature the brand new Rye IPA and their Spring Hop. 

...get PUMPED., COOL. SHIT. ALERT:

On Wednesday, February 5th at 6pm we will be tapping a pilot batch of Downeast Cider House's "Hard Honey"!!

Our keg is one of four in the state and this particular cider will not see a wide release for at least another month. It is a blend of mead (80%) and cider (20%)., We're having a.... *drum roll* Peak Organic Beer Social on Tuesday, February 25th, 6-10pm!!

On tap:
-- Fresh Cut
-- Simcoe Spring
-- Oak-Aged Mocha Stout
-- Hop Blanc
-- Hop Noir
-- King Crimson (first of the season!)
-- Cask of Simcoe Spring double dry-hopped with Simcoe

Come down, hang out with our Peak rep Toby, drink some awesome beers and maybe even walk out with a prize!

https://www.facebook.com/events/1437075403194678/?context=create, null, Happy third anniversary Baxter Brewing Co.!

We're featuring your On the Count of 3 imperial hefeweizen to celebrate with them. Cheers!, NEW #CRAFTBEER!!

We've got Blatant Brewery Imperial Stout, Brooklyn Brewery Pilsner, Breckenridge Brewery of Colorado Agave Wheat and Ace Cider Joker!!

Full beer list here: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC, Come hole up with us for hours and get you some Berkshire Brewing Company Cabin Fever.

"It is really good on a shitty day." - Chris, You know what sounds really good right now?!

A HOT bowl of FRENCH. ONION. SOUP.

On special now!, Think you're fancy?!

Well these *GOURMET* Vegetable Pot Stickers are on special now!!

Current specials: http://bit.ly/1b9P2Ac, Here's the ANNOUNCEMENT of the super rare additions to our Oskar Blues Brewery Beer Social lineup for February 11th:
 
Dry-Hopped Mama's Little Yella Pils, 2011 Ten Fidy, and Icey - ****VERY**** hard to find beers!

The Draft list is finalized! Don't know what some of these are? Come in to find out! (or cheat and jump onto beeradvocate, but that's no fun.)

https://www.facebook.com/events/668377393214406/, It's a Bottle #HOPOCALYPSE!!!! Uinta Brewing Hop Notch IPA, Green Flash Brewing Co. Palate Wrecker and Sixpoint Hi-Res are all on the list NOW!!!

Full draft/bottle list: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC, NEW special: Veggie and Goat Quesadilla!!!!!!

Sliced grilled portabello mushrooms, roasted red peppers, caramelized onions, mozzarella cheese and fresh goat cheese all melted together on a toasted flour tortilla. Served drizzled with a balsamic glaze and chopped scallions----*DROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL*, New extra-special and RARE bottle specials that just came in!! 

Allagash Brewing Company Interlude - only comes out once a year! - a unique Belgian-style Farmhouse Ale aged in oak wine barrels with Brettanomyces. *We only have 6 bottles, who's gonna get 'em?!*

Element Brewing Company Plasma - Gluten-free Sake, double IPA hybrid. This is the FIRST TIME Buks Boston has carried Element Brewing Company from Millers Falls, Mass. You would NEVER KNOW this beer is gluten-free!, BACK by POPULAR DEMAND: Chicken Buffalo Dip!!!! 

This warm blend of cream cheese, blue cheese, cheddar cheese and chicken will surely make your day.

GO PATS!!!!!!!!!!, We have homemade Beef Stew today!!! Hot stew and delicious beers sure beat out the *SNOW*., Happy Friday!!!! NEW BEERS: Jack's Abby Brewing Framinghammer, Dark Horse Brewery Fore Smoked Stout, Doc's Draft Hard Cider, & Boulder Beer Co. Shake on nitro!

We hope to see you soon! #tgif, We're having another Beer Social February 11th ... with Oskar Blues Brewery!!! 

OSKAR BLUES BEER SOCIAL! #OBBS: https://www.facebook.com/events/668377393214406/

Oskar Blues Beers On Draft:
-Dale's Pale Ale
-Deviant Dale's
-Old Chub - nitro
-Smidy #2 
-Vintage Ten Fidy

And 2-3 more *VERY SPECIAL* brews TBA via social media soon!

Craft Brewers Guild Drink Craft Beer BeerAdvocate Craft Beer Cellar Craft Beer Boston, Ahoy! We are very excited to present our NEW bottle specials (left): MOA BEER Breakfast, Freigeist Abraxxxas ("with 3 x's because it's xxx-treme" -Chris), and 2 Citizen Ciders: Dirty Mayor and Brose!

ALSO, 3 of our rotators rotated this weekend (right)! *GASP*: We now have Rising Tide Brewing Company Ursa Minor, Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project Meadowlark IPA, and Rogue Ales Morimoto Soba!

Try one, or all!, null, A MILLION BEERS kicked this weekend. ONE. MILLION.

Here are the newbies: Stillwater Artisanal As Follows (8oz), Founders Brewing Co. All Day IPA, Atwater Brewery Vanilla Java Porter 

...and just put on CASK this morning: Greene King Brewery Ruddles County!!
Drink up., Brought back by popular demand: The HUMMUS Melt!!!

An open-faced toasted baguette with #homemade hummus, melted cheddar, diced tomatoes and fresh basil. Served with a side of cherry pepper relish.

Goes great with Notch Brewing Pils, if you ask us...., Suck it, Polar Vortex. You have been defeated.

...by our >>>HOT<<< Roast Beef Sandwich.

Thinly sliced roast beef served on a texas toast with caramelized onions, horseradish mayo, melted cheddar cheese, and touch of beef gravy. Served here with our veggie special, Steamed Sugar Snap Peas. 

Suggested beer: Blue Point Brewery Toxic Sludge <<< will also warm you up.

Full list of specials: http://bit.ly/1b9P2Ac, New Beer and David Bowie right now at Buk's Boston! A winning combo.

Ashley's excited about The Mad River Brewing Steelhead Dbl IPA - on draft now!!!!!! 

"A delicious double IPA." - Ashley, We've got GIANT TENDERS on special! It's getting hot in here...., Bukowski Boston will be #OpenInBOS regular hours today - that is, 11:30am-2am. 

It's warm in here and we have beer and food. 

In other words, see ya soon!, Buks Boston will be closing at 1am tonight so we can get home safely. 

We don't like getting snowed in!!!, An adventure that ends with beer is always worth the trek. We're #OpenInBOS - come visit if you're nearby!, BUFFALO WINGS. On special now. Come warm up with them and some beers at the bar!! 

Who knows, you just might get snowed in.... (sounds like the best option to us), null, Hangover food!! ----> The Mediterranean Dog! Topped with hummus and hot cherry pepper relish - #waitwhat!? 

On special now!, If you're not into all that horn blowing party hat bullshit you may want to come to our annual 

FUCK NEW YEAR'S EVE party.

Starts at 8., Fuck New Years starts at 8pm tomorrow!! Anti-cover charge will apply - aka we give you a dollar to come in and act normal.

No party hats. No annoying ass noise makers. No TV ball droppings ... etc. But there WILL be BEER. And plenty of it. 

Please leave your amateur NYE bullshit at the door. Ty., The Mighty Mighty Mushroom & Swiss Burger - on special now!, Try our Hotdog of the Week, the Bacon Bleu Dog, with a Dale's Pale Ale!

Wrapped in applewood smoked bacon and topped with chunky Bleu cheese *DROOOOOOL*, Freshly fresh! Sixpoint Spice of Life: Motueka.

Motueka is a hybrid hop bred from 2/3 New England varietals crossed with 1/3 Saaz hops., We're open! Grab a Narragansett Beer Autocrat Coffee Milk Stout or Downeast Cider House Cranberry with your Capitola 'n' egg sandwich! 

Juice, coffee, and protein - all part of balanced breakfast for last minute shoppers!

We're open 'til 5 today - kitchen closes at 3., Just tapped: Evil Twin Brewing Christmas Eve at a New York City Hotel Room! This 10% mystery recipe Imperial Stout from Denmark's mad scientists is like a silken dream. Just in time for Christmas!, Happy holidays from all of us at Bukowski Boston!! 

Let the drinking begin., It's the Friday before Christmas and we just tapped Slumbrew Yankee Swap. In other words, we'll see you tonight.

#nobrainer, The Reu-dog is BACK as Hotdog of the Week!!

An all beef dog with sauerkraut, melted swiss and a generous dollop of 1000 Island dressing on a buttered toasted New England style bun. Served with choice of side.

NEW specials: http://bukowskitavern.net/boston/menu/, It's pretty on the outside.

But it's even prettier on the inside. With a beer in front of you. Looking out..... 

Photo via @joemug251, You know you're in the mood for our White Trash Cheese Dip.....

Pair it with one of our new beers on tap - like Brooklyn Brewery Fire & Ice.

Come get warm and drink beer with us while it snows outside!

Full Draft List: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC, NEW on tap: Sierra Nevada Brewing Company Bos-den, a part of what SN call their "Beer Camp" series, in which they invite people to go to Sierra Nevada and brew. This stout is brewed in collaboration with Jason and Todd Alstrom from BeerAdvocate. 

A heady, full-bodied stout with a hint of a smokey campfire flavor and a lingering bitter finish...

Here's our full updated draft list, cheers! http://bit.ly/19zzZdC, Shipyard Brewing Company Mint Chocolate Stout - a chocolate stout brewed with spearmint! A one off from Shipyard! On cask now!, Come in outta the snow, hang with us and try one of our current specials - they just might be changing soon! 

(l) The Pregnant Dog! All beef hotdog wrapped in applewood smoked bacon topped with creamy peanut butter and chopped pickles on a buttered toasted New England style bun. Served with choice of side.

(r) The Spicy Burger 
A six ounce burger topped with roasted red peppers, havarti cheese, fried Jalapenos and our boomboom sauce on a toasted egg bun with lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, and your choice of a side., NEW BEERS: Boulevard Brewing Company Reboot white IPA, Port Brewing / The Lost abbey Red Barn, Dark Horse Brewing Co. 4 Elf (not really new but we love the handle), Avery Brewing Company White Rascal, Tröegs Brewing Company Perpetual IPA, Foolproof Brewing Company Raincloud, and Jack's Abby Brewing Smoke & Dagger!

Updated Draft List: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC, Cheers Thrillist for naming us one of Boston's best dive bars!! Hank would be proud. http://thrl.st/1hIaTB2 

"Looking for a bar that really feels like your home away from home? Bukowski's Mug Club gives drinkers six months to cycle through a whopping 136 beers to earn a house mug. It may be a bit on the fancy side for a dive, but the low-key atmosphere and steady flow of regulars that keep it busy at all hours make it so.", Our Christmas bottle list debuts tonight! We have quite a few aged selections as well as super rare aged Brooklyn Brewery Black Ops. The 2013 will hopefully be arriving next week! Are you naughty or nice?

~*~NICE~*~
Anchor Brewing Company Christmas Ale 2013
Anderson Valley Brewing Company Winter Solstice
Corsendonk Christmas 2011
Samuel Smith Brewery Winter Welcome
Sierra Nevada Brewing Company Celebration 
Smuttynose Brewing Co. Winter Ale

~*~NAUGHTY~*~
Berkshire Brewing Company Holidale 2012
Brooklyn Monster 2012
Ridgeway Lump of Coal 
Scaldis Noel 
Southern Tier Brewing Company Choklat 2011
St. Bernardus Christmas

~*~EXTRA NICE~*~
Brooklyn Black Ops, NEW BEER: City Steam Brewery Naughty Nurse, an English style bitter that's a nice break from winter ales.

Full draft list: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC

Cheers!, We just changed all of our specials, come try one! Here's the Turkey Swiss Spinach Melt & Vegan Carrot & Parsely sou--*DROOOOOOOOOOOOOL*

Sliced grilled turkey, melted swiss cheese, fresh baby spinach and chipotle mayo on toasted sourdough with a slice of tomato. Served with your choice of a side.

Updated specials: http://bit.ly/1b9P2Ac

Updated Draught List: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC, #BBCBS has officially kicked off! The event goes 'til 10pm, we hope you can stop by for some delicious Berkshire Brewing Company beers with us!, Ladies and gentleman, we are readying the kegs for #BBCBS, our Beer Social with the great Berkshire Brewing Company TONIGHT!

See you between the hours of 6 and 10. Cheers!

We will be pouring:

- Lost Sailor IPA
- Coffeehouse Porter (on nitro)
- Scotch Ale
- Stuck Mash Wheat
- Holidale 2012
- Holidale 2013
- Drayman's Porter cask conditioned with pumpkin pie spices.

https://www.facebook.com/events/362876493855766/, HEY! *shakes you out of your post-Thanksgiving back-to-work doldrums*

Guess what's tomorrow????? Our BEER SOCIAL with Berkshire Brewing Company from 6-10pm!!!!!!!!

WOW!!! An event with a great local brewery at Buk's Boston??! You are surely cheered up right now!!

https://www.facebook.com/events/362876493855766/

We'll be pouring:

- Lost Sailor IPA
- Coffeehouse Porter (on nitro)
- Scotch Ale
- Stuck Mash Wheat
- Holidale 2012
- Holidale 2013
- Drayman's Porter cask conditioned with pumpkin pie spices.

Plus raffle prizes! And possibly a surprise or two!, So many kegs for you in our walk-in!, Now on tap - BRAND new #localbrew by Cambridge Brewing Company: Mr. Toad's Wild Ride, a traditional Polish Grätzer with Pumpkin! 

From the brewer: 
"We at CBC are never ones to shy away from a challenge, as demonstrated by this most recent offering. Mr. Toad's Wild Ride is brewed in the Grodziskie style. Grodziskie, or more commonly called Grätzer, originated in Poland and is a sessional ale brewed with 100% smoked wheat malt, has firm hop bitterness, and (depending on who you talk to) is slightly sour.

Mr. Toad's Wild Ride has a thick white head and a very hazy golden color thanks to the wheat malt and 150lbs of sugar pumpkin. You'll get a soft aroma of wood smoke along with fruity notes of pineapple and orange. Smoke flavors are also mild and in balance with fruitiness. The beer is light on the palate and finished with a mild tartness and firm bitterness."

aka TRY ONE ASAP.

Full draft list: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC, 11 draft changes this weekend!!!!!

"It's colder than a witch's tit!" says Chris. "Warm up with one of our new seasonal beers!"

Dark Horse Brewing Co. 4 Elf ("Staring down the barrel of a gun with every pour!")

21st Amendment Brewery Fireside Chat ("FDR is having a conversation with an elf - he's had a few.")

Ithaca Beer Co. Cold Front ("Forecast: Jack Nicholson at the end of The Shining."), Grab a seat at the bar today and hang out with Little Suzy!

Suz recommends North Coast Brewing Company's Old #38 on nitro. Why?: "It's f*cking awesome.", Don't drool all over your laptop, but here's our new special: The Thanksgiving Sandwich! 

Sliced turkey, cranberry sauce aioli, and homemade stuffing on a toasted sourdough. With GRAVY! Served with a choice of side.

*DROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL*

Also, our updated Draught List: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC, ATTENTION! BIG Announcement: We are having a BEER SOCIAL with Berkshire Brewing Company on Tuesday, December 3rd from 6-10pm!!!!!!!!

What better way to spend the post-Thanksgiving hangover week than with a great local brewery?

https://www.facebook.com/events/362876493855766/

We'll be pouring:

- Lost Sailor IPA
- Coffeehouse Porter (on nitro)
- Scotch Ale
- Stuck Mash Wheat
- Holidale 2012
- Holidale 2013
- Drayman's Porter cask conditioned with pumpkin pie spices.

Plus raffle prizes! And possibly a surprise or two!, null, Mayflower Thanksgiving now on tap!! Time to feast!!!!!!, AWESOME. We won a Dig This Award for Best Beer Bottle Bar in Boston!!! Check it out here: http://bit.ly/17XGQ5m

Or pick up a copy and flip to page 37!

Thanks DigBoston!, Green Flash Brewing Co. Cedar Plank ... a HOPE CHEST of flavor! -Chris, NEW special: Tuna Melt!!

Homemade tuna salad served on Texas Toast with melted Swiss Cheese, lettuce, pickles and sliced tomatoes. Served with a choice of a side.

Suggested beer: any Hefewiessen will do.

And check out our fully up-to-date DRAFT LIST: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC + SPECIALS: http://bit.ly/1b9P2Ac, Photos are up from the First-Annual Inman Square Harvest Hoedown, where we were on Sunday with Bukowski Tavern Cambridge, Chef Brian Poe and Karen!!! ------> http://on.fb.me/1bs07KG  

Thanks to everyone who came out!!

Photos by Chris Shores: http://bit.ly/cspho, TACOS FOR LUNCH!! Come try our Veggie or Steak taco specials!

http://bukowskitavern.net/boston/menu/, Yep that's bacon. Yep that's blue cheese.

Yep, that's our Dog of the Week: The Bacon Blue Dog. And it's freaking delicious.

Suggested beer: Rising Tide Brewing Company Calcutta Cutter, Happy International Stout Day! Come celebrate with us and a Cape Ann Brewing Fisherman's Chili Stout or freshly tapped Clown Shoes Beer Vampire Slayer!!, Like smokey beers? Ashley recommends the Grey Sail Brewing of Rhode Island Leaning Chimney! #smokeshow, Guess a couple of you decided to come by for beers and lunch after the parade. Cheers! Salute to the Sox!!, Need post-parade beers and lunch tomorrow? We're open at 11:30am! 

'Where to score food and drinks along the Red Sox parade route' via Boston.com: http://bo.st/19jNxfI, Chris and Kate went ALL OUT this Halloween as Alice and the Mad Hatter from American McGee's "Alice" video game. 

Trick or TREAT YOSELF to some #craftbeer tonight at Buk's! 

See you later... *evil laugh*, Happy Halloween Creepfest with Brandon and Evil Twin Ryan and the Beast!, Red Sox poster made for Mugger #458, Ellen. LET'S GO SOX!!!, Toby, our Peak Organic rep enjoying a Maple Collaboration! Delicious pale ale brewed with Maine oats and Vermont maple syrup., WHOA: The Beer Battered Banana Pepper Boat with 1000 Island dipping sauce is BACK, and just in time to taste delicious with your delicious beers during the Sox game tonight. GO SOX!!!!, This is what it looks like when Ashley and Magellan figure out our upcoming beers..., BOTTLE SPECIALS for the weekend: Slumbrew Trekker Trippel (Belgian style ale), Evil Twin Brewing/Stillwater Brewing Company, LLC/Stone Brewing Company "The Perfect Crime" (Black smoked saison, REALLY hard to get), Hitachino Nest Beer Espresso Stout (Japanese Dark ale brewed with coffee beans, Also REALLY hard to get), Dark Horse Brewing Co. Scotty Karate (scotch ale), and Victory Beer Dirt Wolf (Dbl. IPA).

See you this weekend..., New beers!! The Shed Brewery IPA and Brooklyn Brewery Cuvée La Boîte (12oz)! #TGIF, New on draft: Jack's Abby Brewing Jabby Brau!! Check out our full updated draft list here: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC

Go Sox!! 

Great photo by @jfree36008!!, New for FALL: Old Crafty Hen!!

Old Ale style beer brewed by Greene King Brewery / Morland Brewery in Suffolk, UK.

Yum......., FALL is here!! Which means you must get into the OKTOBERFEST spirit and try our BRAT OF THE WEEK!!

Bratwurst Sandwich: 
A beef and pork sausage braised in beer served on toasted french bread with sauerkraut, whole grain beer mustard and a choice of a side.

Suggested beer: Notch Brewing Pils. PROST!!

Full list of current specials: http://bit.ly/1b9P2Ac, New on tap: Peak Organic Brewing Fresh Cut pils ... Whatta POUR!! #freshtadeath

UPDATED draft list: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC, Two new Rogue Ales Rotators! Original 19 Colonies Mead and Beard Beer. Enjoy one now or drink like a Viking and get both!, At long last it is here! Chris Hallenbeck has birthed our BRAND NEW BOTTLE LIST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

Online here: http://bit.ly/GE0OVL

“That's the problem with drinking, I thought, as I poured myself a drink. If something bad happens you drink in an attempt to forget; if something good happens you drink in order to celebrate; and if nothing happens you drink to make something happen.” 
-Charles Bukowski, 'Women'

cc Backlash Beer Co. Brooklyn Brewery Left Hand Brewing Company Port Brewing / The Lost abbey Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project Rising Tide Brewing Company Rogue Ales Brewer's on the Bay Stone Brewing Company 21st Amendment Brewery MOA BEER, Brand spanking new out of Vermont: Lost Nation Brewing Gose. Unbelievably fantastic!!, Our GIANT Soft Pretzel is smiling at you. It wants you to eat it during the Sox game today at 5:37pm. Goes great with BEER.

Salted and buttered soft pretzel with house made beer grain mustard & a beer cream cheese concoction for dipping. Happy #Oktoberfest!

Suggested beer: Southern Tier Brewing Company Harvest Ale

Full Draft List: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC, Ashley's PSYCHED for the Sox game!!!! 

Game 1 of the ALDS! #BeattheRays, A present for Suzi from The Carbonite Crew: a new wall plaque of Suzi in the Boston Herald, framed!, Chris sharing the super rare Uinta Brewing Oak Jacked Pumpkin with Ashely and Lauren. Come get some!, The deleted scene from "The Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown." via Chris Hallenbeck., Now on Tap: Grey Sail Brewing of Rhode Island Autumn Winds Fest Beer!

"like autumn in a mug." -@jfree36008

photo via @jfree36008! 

Here's our full draft list: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC, We also got new chalkboards to highlight our large format rotator section of the menu. New bottle list will be absolutely finalized this coming week. Phew!, Another night of one million changes! New drafts, new bottle specials for today. And that Uinta Brewing bottle listed is SUPER rare (apparently)., It's that time again... OKTOBER-FEAST!!! 

SAUSAGE FEST!!! special:
*~*BRATWURST AND KNOCKWURST*~*
Cooked in beer and grilled to order, You get one brat and one knockwurst (all beef) served with our apple and beer braised red cabbage, warm bacon potato salad, sauerkraut and a side of whole grain-dijon beer mustard for dipping. 

Hope you're hungry!!

Suggested beer: Weihenstephan USA Festbier. Prost!!!, Hey! We were featured in Zagat's 'Restaurants with Amazing Beer Lists in Boston': http://bit.ly/16wn4wT

How ever will we celebrate? 

Rhetorical question. We will celebrate with beers. :D, You're in the danger zone., NEW BEERS: Slumbrew Sittin' on Hop of the World (12oz) + Lagunitas Brewing Co Fusion #17!! Cheers!

Full draft list: http://bit.ly/19zzZdC, We went to Spectacle Island today to honor our close friend Krystle Campbell for Krystle Dedication Day. We love you and miss you., NEW special: The Veggie Rue Burger!! 

A tasty veggie burger topped with Thousand Island dressing, SAUERKRAUT, and melted Swiss cheese... Yummmmmmmmmmmm!

Suggested beer: Oskar Blues Brewery Dale's Pale Ale.. Prost!

Here's all of our new specials: http://bit.ly/1b9P2Ac, Ashley recommends the Lost Abbey Red Barn, a 6.7% abv Farmhouse ale! #weirdoooooo, Great photo of our "turkey honey boo boo special" by @joemug251. #muglyfe

Perfect for lunch while watching the Pats today @ 1pm!, Toast to THE WEEKEND with one of our new beers on draft!

Stillwater Brewing Company, LLC Artisanal Existent (12 oz.)
Avery Brewing Company Hog Heaven (12 oz.)
Victory Beer Braumeister Pils (14 oz.)
Anderson Valley Brewing Company Barney Flats (12 oz.)
Port Brewing / The Lost abbey Wipeout (14 oz.)
Cape Ann Brewing Fisherman's Pumpkin Stout (14 oz.)
Weihenstephan USA Festbier 
Lost Abbey Red Barn
Brewery Ommegang Fleur de Houblon
Berkshire Brewing Company Imperial Russian Stout (12 oz.)
Heavy Seas Beer Powder Monkey, New Dog of the Week: The Swiss German Dog!! Topped with beer mustard, melted Swiss and SAUERKRAUT. Prost!, This is a great event: The Second Annual "ALES over ALS - A Crafter's Delight" on October 5th. http://community.als.net/alesoverals

A celebration of all things locally crafted from farm, sea, and brew kettle -- in support of the continued quest to find a cure for ALS (also known as Lou Gehrig's disease). All proceeds from this fundraising event will go directly to the ALS Therapy Development Institute (ALS TDI) in Cambridge -- the world's largest, nonprofit research facility solely dedicated to curing ALS. 

The highlight will be a home brewing competition, and Cape Ann Brewing will brew the winner's entry as well as provide beer for the event. Food will be provided by Woodman's of Essex; the Village restaurant, Iggy's Bread; and by other local supporters., What's that tasty finger-licking deliciousness, you ask? Our new special: Irish Nachos!!

Lightly fried tater tots topped with veggie chili, melted cheddar cheese, jalapeños, shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, scallions and sour cream. Served with a side of chipotle ranch.

Suggested beer: Lagunitas Brewing Co Maximus, Now on tap: CBC See You Next Tuesday, a hoppy amber with a yeasty finish. "It's very hard to describe... you'll see." -Suzy, null, BeerAdvocate via Twitter last night: "Bigass mugs of @UintaBrewing Baba Black Lager @bukowskiboston. #craftbeer #boston"

Cheers!!

cc Uinta Brewing, Just updated our draft list: http://ow.ly/oP0Rg and specials: http://ow.ly/oP0TU!!

Try our new Broccoli and Potato soup: potato soup loaded with cheese, bacon and ranch ... Yum!!

New beers: Krušovice (14oz) and Ballast Point Brewing Co Black Marlin Porter!, Follow up with some darkness. On our NEW bottle list: Dark Horse Brewing Co. Reserve Special Black Ale. 

Get to know the residents personally... 

#craftbeer, There's plenty of fish in the sea, but the Ballast Point Brewing Company Black Marlin Porter is just for you. Now on tap!, Current Draft List! (pictured Clown Shoes Beer Clementine, photo by @jfree36008): http://bukowskitavern.net/boston/current-draft-list/

Harpoon IPA
Berkshire Brewing Company Stuck Mash Wheat (12oz)
Oskar Blues Brewery G'Knight (12oz)
Clown Shoes Clementine
Coors Banquet
Lagunitas Brewing Co IPA
Fatty Bampkins Cider
Southern Tier Brewing Company Live
PBR
Grey Sail Brewing of Rhode Island Rouge A Nuit (12oz)
Wurzburger Pils (14oz)
Dark Horse Brewing Co. Crooked Tree
Rising Tide Brewing Company Spinnaker
21st Amendment Brewery Back in Black
Lefthand Safety Round
Weihenstephan Hefeweizen
Sam Adams Octoberfest
Uinta Baba
Sixpoint Apollo
Youngs Double Chocolate Stout
Peak Organic Pale Ale, Hey there, Grey Sail Brewing of Rhode Island Flagship! Pleasure to meet you! 

Get to know the new residents personally...

#newBOTTLElist #craftbeer, Get your PUMPKIN FIX with our new bottles: Cape Ann Brewing Fisherman's Pumpkin Stout + Weyerbacher Brewing Company Imperial Pumpkin!

NO CINNAMON SUGAR RIM, BITCHES., Seek higher ground! The Buffalo Chicken Volcano is about to erupt!!! 

Photo by @jfree36008! 
http://instagram.com/jfree36008, Even Lemongrab hates Bud Light. UNACCEPTABLE!!!!!!!, Guide us to deliciousness, Polestar! 

Get to know the new bottle list personally... 

Left Hand Brewing Company #craftbeer #polestarpils, Check out p. 28 of today's Boston Herald, featuring Suzi and Chris's favorite fall beers!! 

Suzi's pick: Southern Tier Brewing Company Pumking

Chris's pick: Cape Ann Brewing Fisherman's Pumpkin Stout, "Absolutely one of my favorites.", Chris: "Like a monkey ready to get shot into space." 21st Amendment Brewery Bitter American. 

Get to know the new bottle list personally...

#craftbeer #fightclubquotes, A lesson in expressing your #craftbeer emotions via anime. Chalk Art by Chris!

UPDATED DRAFT LIST: http://ow.ly/owQN7 

Berkshire Brewing Company Lost Sailor IPA
Oskar Blues Brewery G'Knight (12oz)
Bantam Cider Rojo Cider (12oz)
Southern Tier Brewing Company Hop Sun
Grey Sail Brewing of Rhode Island Rouge A Nuit (12oz)
Würzburger Hofbräu Pils (14 oz.)
Anderson Valley Brewing Company Hop Ottin'
Dark Horse Brewing Co. Boffo Brown
Uinta Brewing Baba
Sixpoint Spice of Life: Galaxy
....and more!, Sky Devil Fox Barrel Cider Blackberry Pear has come to live with us. 

Get to know the new bottle list personally. #craftbeer #craftcider, Whoa! Joey Lawrence sure likes this Breckenridge Brewery Agave Wheat!

Get to know the new residents personally. #CraftBeer, Just spiked a cask of Peak Organic Pale Ale! We also have Peak Organic Fresh Cut Pils, soon to be part of our NEW bottle list, which is out and KILL.ING.IT. 

Get to know our new residents personally..., Who's that stout and chubby beauty? Full Sail Brewing Company Session Black and one of our new residents! 

Get to know them personally. #craftbeer #beeraday #newbottlelist, Read the Top 3 Winning #PINTandPEN stories, now up online on DigBoston.com! http://ow.ly/orq3e  

Harpoon Brewery, Bantam Cider via Twitter: "A glass of Rojo on draft and some awesome fried peppers @bukowskiboston is the perfect start to the holiday weekend." YUP. 

Cheers!, Our new bottle list was rolled out a few days ago. Meet the new residents of Bukowski Boston! 1st up: Duchesse de Bourgogne Flemish ale. 

#craftbeer, #SPECIAL: Love Saison DuPont? Order one and get a free glass while supplies last!, Another successful #PINTandPEN last night, our 17th year!!! CONGRATS to our 1st Place winner, Sarah Cadorette! 

2nd place prize winner was a no-show, so we donated the money to the Karen Rand Fund. 

3rd place SET OF STEAK KNIVES were accepted by Miles for his friend Nick in NYC. 

 You can read the stories at the bar!!

See you next year when you too just might win $2,500..., TONIGHT is our our infamous PINT & PEN ANNOUNCEMENT PARTY starting at 6pm at Bukowski Tavern .... see you there!!

Who will win this year? You'll have to come to the party tonight to find out... top 3 winners will read their stories aloud!

https://www.facebook.com/events/321269541349808/

Harpoon Brewery beers on draught will be: Rich and Dan Rye IPA, 100 Barrel Series: Saison Various, and the Boston Irish Stout., Beer #GeekWeek continues at Bukowski Tavern Cambridge tonight for #CrushItLikeQuint night with Narragansett Beer! 

Get some free Gansett swag, watch some JAWS, crush the can. Honor the man, honor the beer.

Party starts @ 6pm! 
https://www.facebook.com/events/372194112909548/, Wait for it.... wait for it......

Awesome Beer Alert!! -----> Rising Tide Brewing Company SUSPENSE Rye Saison now on tap. Get this quick... it won't last long!, We will be opening at 1pm today- we're cleaning and having a class on our new bottles list!!, Awwww snap! Remember, tonight starting at 7:30pm, the Newburyport Brewing Co. crew is at Bukowski Tavern Cambridge with their entire lineup as well as debuting their brand new beer, the Joppa Stout!! 

Every beer purchase enters you into their raffle and they'll be giving away pints, shirts, growlers and a tour&tasting at the brewery!!!! Drink up and drink local, hop-headed friends.

http://beeradvocate.com/events/info/63339 via BeerAdvocate, Artwork by Chris, NEW on TAP: White Birch Brewing Berlinerwiess (12oz) + Banner Beer Company American Ale!!

Full updated DRAFT LIST: http://bukowskitavern.net/boston/current-draft-list/

& SPECIALS: http://bukowskitavern.net/boston/menu/

See you tonight ;), Our infamous PINT & PEN ANNOUNCEMENT PARTY is coming up one week from today on Tuesday, August 27 at Bukowski Tavern Cambridge as part of Beer #GeekWeek!

Sign up for the FB event here: http://ow.ly/o666i  

Who will win the giant check for $2,500 this year? You'll have to come to the announcement part to find out...

Harpoon Brewery beers on draught for Pint&Pen: Rich and Dan Rye IPA, 100 Barrel Series: Saison Various, and the Boston Irish Stout., Chris just spiked a cask of Berkshire Brewing Company Russian Imperial Stout, aged in French oak barrels. 

Holy hell awesome., Happy birthday Hank!, BEER #GEEKWEEK EVENTS UNVEILED... sign up for one of our 7 events at Bukowski Tavern Cambridge and invite yo friends!

Isht's about to get real.... http://is.gd/geekweek

Fri 8/23 Meet & Greet with Newburyport Brewing Co.

Mon 8/26 Narragansett Beer #CrushItLikeQuint Night

Tue 8/27 Pint & Pen Announcement Party

Wed 8/28 Meet & Greet with Portico Brewing Company and Watch City Brewing Company 

Thu 8/29: Be-Bar-Manager for a Day!

Fri 8/30: Stone Brewing Co. Night

Sun 9/1: MUGGERS ONLY PARTY, NEW SPECIALS: http://ow.ly/nXLRp 

*Beet Salad - try it with Founders Brewing Co - Tap Room Rübæs ... and ...

*Fried Chicken Wrap - try it with Grey Sail Brewing of Rhode Island Flying Jenny!!, Our dog of the week is for ze Germans! 

The Reu-dog!
An all beef dog with sauerkraut, melted swiss and a generous dollop of 1000 Island dressing on a buttered toasted New England style bun. Served with choice of side.

Suggested beer: Smuttynose Brewing Co. VUNDERBAR PILS!!

SPECIALS: http://ow.ly/nVtXd 
DRAFT LIST: http://ow.ly/nVtZY, Rain rain, GO AWAY and all that. Chris snapped this beauteous shot of the Tröegs Brewing Company Perpetual IPA NOW ON CASK. 

Come inside and get drinking., PINT & PEN SUBMISSION DEADLINE EXTENDED TO NEXT MONDAY NIGHT, THE 19TH!! http://bukowskitavern.net/boston/events/

"how to be a great writer" by Charles Bukowski. Take tips from Hank himself and you could win $2,500 or a set of dirty-ass steak knives!!

ANNOUNCEMENT PARTY: TUES. AUGUST 27TH AT Bukowski Tavern Cambridge., Alas, poor Yorick. We will miss thee dearly, Will Pitt., We have Dogfish Head Beer TWEASON’ ALE (12 oz.) on tap! It's gluten-free and tastes like strawberries!!, Tomorrow night we are saying goodbye to Will Pitt, one of our longtime regulars and friends. So we put Boulder Beer Co. MOJO on today for him because it is his fav beer!!!!, Enter our annual Pint & Pen contest and YOU could win A GIANT CHECK FOR $2,500 …. or A SET OF DIRTY-ASS STEAK KNIVES!

Entry deadline is Monday, August 12th! http://ow.ly/nL0yx 

Announcement party August 27th, 6pm at Bukowski Tavern Cambridge!, Happy Bday Terrance!! We will miss you!!, YAYAYAYA! You voted, we came out in the Top 5 BEST BEER BARS IN BOSTON on The Boston A-List! 

Thanks to everyone who voted for us. We love you., MUGGERS ONLY PARTY-----> SUNDAY, SEPT 1ST, 4-7PM @ Bukowski Tavern CAMBRIDGE!!!! 

Let’s all have some MUGS and EATS together
@ Buks Cambridge before all the students come back and invade!! FACEBOOK EVENT: http://is.gd/muggersonly, null, "There is no wrong way to consume alcohol. But the best way is with Bukowski's new Sweet & Spicy Wings special."
-Ron Swanson, HAPPY NATIONAL #IPAday! Here are all the IPAs we have on tap, pictured from left to right:

Dogfish Head Beer 60 min
Uinta Brewing Dubhe 
Weyerbacher Brewing Company Last Chance 
Sixpoint Bengali Tiger (JUST PUT IT ON!!!)
Lagunitas Brewing Co IPA
Southern Tier Brewing Company IPA (not pictured), Just updated our DRAFT LIST (http://ow.ly/ntdj5) and SPECIALS (http://ow.ly/ntdlT). Try our new Chicken Fajita Wrap with the Berkshire Brewing Company Steel Pale Ale!

#CRAFTBEER, "how to be a great writer" by Charles Bukowski

Take tips from Hank himself for our PINT & PEN contest, and you could win $2,500!!

DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION: MON. AUGUST 12TH

ANNOUNCEMENT PARTY: TUES. AUGUST 27TH at Bukowski Tavern Cambridge!, HEY! Are you a beer blogger? Are you going to #BBC13? Show your badge here TONIGHT 11pm-close & get a free pint of Lagunitas!, This is really cool: "Beer Labels in MOTION"!

Check out all of these animated gifs of #CraftBeer Labels!! http://beerlabelsinmotion.tumblr.com/

Dogfish Head Beer Great Divide Brewing Co.  Clown Shoes Beer Flying Dog Brewery, Voting ends tomorrow for The Boston A-List's BEST BEER BAR contest!! Both us and Bukowski Tavern Cambridge were nominated together .......... and you can vote for us here: http://ow.ly/ncKUn 

From the Owner ... "Bukowski Tavern is a Boston tradition with an extensive beer selection and great food. There are two locations -- in Boston on Dalton St. and in Cambridge's Inman Square on Cambridge St. for you to choose from.", NEW BEERS: 
Baxter Brewing Co. Stowaway IPA (can) 
         + 
Southern Tier Brewing Company 2x Steam
         + 
Heavy Seas Beer Loose CANnon - Hop3 IPA (can)

#CRAFTBEER #4LYFE.

Updated Draft List: http://ow.ly/nhYUi, O_O BostInno said we have some of the TOP FRANKS in #BOSTON in honor of NATIONAL #HOTDOGDAY WOOT!! http://ow.ly/ng0L0 

"You can get two hot dogs for just $8.75, or opt for their special 'Dog of the Week.' This week's rendition pays tribute to the Royal Baby (or so I'd like to think); the 'Pregnant Dog' is an "all beef dog wrapped in applewood smoked bacon topped with creamy peanut butter and chopped pickles on a buttered, toasted New England style bun." Yum.", The Curried Cranberry Chicken Salad is on special! 

Suggested beer: Anderson Valley Brewing Company Poleeko Pale Ale

mmmmmmmmmmmmmm ...

UPDATED:
Draft List: http://ow.ly/nfs3J  
Specials: http://ow.ly/nfs7b, Going to the Beer Bloggers Conference (#BBC13) this weekend?? 

Come hang with us and the Lagunitas Brewing Co Crew afterwards on SATURDAY NIGHT, 11pm(ish) to close, and get a #FREE PINT of Lagunitas with your Beer Bloggers Badge!!

See you SATURDAY., We've been nominated for BEST BEER BAR by The Boston A-List!! Voting ends Friday, and you can do that here: http://ow.ly/ncKUn  

From the Owner ... "Bukowski Tavern is a Boston tradition with an extensive beer selection and great food. There are two locations -- in Boston on Dalton St. and in Cambridge's Inman Square on Cambridge St. for you to choose from.", Great photo by Sarahmica Photography tonight!

"Ohhhh yeahhhh. Chilling at one of my favorite beer bars in #Boston, @Bukowskis. #boston #beantown #beer #craftbeer #beerbar #beerpub #bukowskis" 

Follow her here: http://instagram.com/sarahmica, BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND: Fried Beer Battered Banana Pepper Rings with Thousand Island to dip!

IT'S HOT OUT. TAKE A DIP., New mug clubbers!!!!!, Our first new mug clubber! #mugclub, Our latest shipment of new mugs came in today. If you recently finished yours, GET DOWN HERE!! #mugclub, Who's entering our PINT & PEN contest this year?? You could win $2,500 or A SET OF DIRTY-ASS STEAK KNIVES!

Entry deadline is Monday, August 12th! 

Announcement party August 27th, 6pm at Bukowski Tavern Cambridge!, #ADVENTURETIME. Try the Southern Tier Hop Sun! #freshlytapped #craftbeer, TAKE NOTE: We have put on a very special brew from Harpoon Brewery, made in collaboration with the Allstrom brothers of Beer Advocate: Triticus Wheat Wine! It's from the fall of 2011, but has been aged so long it tastes and looks like a barley wine. 

#CRAFTBEER #LOCALBREW

Full updated draft list: http://ow.ly/mSfpP, Pint & Pen contest dates are announced!! Check out our giant ad in this week's DigBoston!

ENTRY DEADLINE: MONDAY, AUGUST 12TH
ANNOUNCEMENT PARTY: TUESDAY, AUGUST 27TH, 6PM at Bukowski Tavern Cambridge!, The Italian Job is one of our most popular specials, stuffed with #MEAT and pairs nicely with the Lake Placid Ubu Ale!

The Italian Job: A warm French baguette stuffed with capicola, salami, mortadella, provolone, tomatoes, lettuce, pickles and red onion topped with an herb vinaigrette and some cherry pepper relish (aka the hots). Served with a choice of a side. You have to try it!

Full list of NEW specials: http://ow.ly/mO8wE, NEW DRAFT LIST! Jim recommends the Lake Placid Ubu Ale, an English strong ale, deep garnet red in color, dark fruits and roasted malts, slightly bitter finish... TRY IT.

#craftbeer #forever, Like our new chalkboard art? ;) 
#DOMA

Photo by @sambot5k!, #AMERICA

'36 Cheap American Beers, Ranked'

"23. Natural Ice. The soggy cardboard sensation fades after the first several cans, turning Natty Ice into a serviceable alternative to sobriety."

Which description do YOU think is the funniest?, Come snack on our NEW special "Basket of Fried Tostones"!
[[Mashed green plantains lightly fried. Served with thousand island for dipping.]]

They go great with Left Hand Brewing Company's GOOD JUJU!

#craftbeer 

NEW SPECIALS: http://ow.ly/mBdoK
NEW DRAFT LIST: http://ow.ly/mDgsq, A little cheeseburger with special sauce goes into a bar…… meets up with our pulled pork with spicy slaw and they become best beer drinking buddies. THE END.

Try our NEW special: "A Beef & A Pork Slider"!! We suggest pairing with the Charles River Porter by Cambridge Brewing Company!  

#craftbeer #localbrew

UPDATED SPECIALS: http://ow.ly/mBdoK, SAY WHAT? We were named one of #Boston's Best Bars in Back Bay by Improper Bostonian Magazine!!!! 

"Slip on a bowler hat and roll up your sleeves as you stride into Bukowski’s, a hole-in-the-wall overlooking the Mass. Pike that pairs an elite beer-bar reputation with the feel of a genuine dive. It’s named after one of the hard-drinking literary giants of the 20th century, but before the conversation turns existential, we’ll prose the pros: 21 beers on tap from 21 different brewers, a voluminous selection of bottled and canned beer, off-menu food deals and a mug club for regulars.", Which item on our new menu will YOU be having tonight? http://bukowskitavern.net/boston/menu #nomnomnom

Photos by our wonderful chef, Ángel!, #craftbeer: it's good for you.

Recently Tapped: Cambridge Brewing Company Sgt. Pepper #localbrew 

Follow us on #Instagram! ------------------------------------> http://instagram.com/bukowskiboston, NEW #CRAFTBEER specials: Baxter Brewing Co. Stowaway IPA (can) + Rising Tide Brewing Company Zephyr IPA (bottle)!! 

-----------> http://ow.ly/msmlq, NEW on our specials menu: STEAK AND BLUE SALAD!! 

Grilled to order Flat Iron Steak sliced on a bed of romaine with carrots, cucumbers, blue cheese crumbles, tomatoes and French's onions: http://ow.ly/ms9oA 

Try it with our #FRESHLYTAPPED Lagunitas Brewing Co Undercover Shutdown!, #MMMMMMMM Check out this photo of our California BLT, now part of our updated specials: http://ow.ly/mnSq3 

Applewood smoked crispy bacon, fresh avocado slices, lettuce, tomatoes and garlic aioli on texas toast!!, New FOOD specials: http://ow.ly/mnzFB 

Including the Bacon BBQ Onion String Dog, Salami Cuban Pork Sandwich, & California BLT!!   #YUMMMMM, More #FRESHLYTAPPED drafts: Berkshire Brewing Company Lost Sailor IPA, Cambridge Brewing Company Sgt. Pepper, and Blue Point Brewery Hoptical Illusion!!  

Complete list: http://ow.ly/mnqaK 

#CRAFTBEER, From the other side of the river comes Cambridge-based Bantam Cider's WUNDERKIND, now gracing our updated draft list!!! http://ow.ly/mnhTA 

Photo from Bantam Cider's Facebook page: http://ow.ly/mnhXh, NOW on draft: Founders Brewing Co. Devil Dancer, Left Hand Brewing Company Polestar Pils, and Jack's Abby Brewing Smoked Maple Lager! http://ow.ly/m5gWc   #CRAFTBEER, HUNGRY? Of course you are.

Try our Turkey Lomito: Sliced turkey breast, salami, provolone, avocado and garlic mustard aioli all served up on toasted french bread with lettuce and tomato! http://ow.ly/m5baX, HEY YOU!

Check us out in The Boston Globe Magazine's "Where to eat on Boylston Street" today: http://ow.ly/m58YS 

"At this serious beer bar, you’ll find everything from PBR to Gritty McDuff’s Black Fly stout on tap. It’s simply gravy that the place also offers fine sweet potato fries, a 'white trash poutine' tater tots plate, and crazily topped hot dogs and burgers (peanut butter and bacon, anyone?).", NICEEEE! 

We now have Berkshire Brewing Company's Lost Sailor IPA, Boulevard Brewing Company's Tank 7 Farmhouse Ale, and Peak Organic Brewing's Summer Session Ale: ow.ly/lXYOx, As promised, here's some photos of our special triple decker BLT, one without avocado and one with! Can you handle this epic stack of deliciousness?, We've updated our specials!! http://ow.ly/lWjIo 

Including Mediterranean Dog, Basket of Sweet Chili Wings, Buff Chicken Balls, AND The BLT (PHOTOS SOON!), null, We will be closing at midnight tonight due to the planned power outage. Kitchen will close at 11:00 p.m., Whoa!! Internet celebrity and Star Trek O.G. George Takei stopped by Buk's!! 

Catch him at the Star Trek convention next door at Hynes this weekend., We received two barrels of the limited edition Lagunitas Brewing Co Boston Fusion 14. Come get it while you can!!, We've got A TON of new specials: http://ow.ly/lIkHc 

Wanna sneak peak? Mac n Peas and Cheese Dog! Beer Battered Banana Pepper Boat! Hot Hummus Pita Pizza! Shaved Pork Sandwich!

....Need we say more? ;), Business research. Some great things are coming your way soon! 

BeerAdvocate Harpoon Brewery, Are you a Boston-area Certified in the Cicerone Certification Program or Certified Beer Server? 

Join us and Cicerone for their Boston Meet-up on Friday from 3-5pm!, We just updated our draft list! GET REFRESHED with these summer picks:

The Tap Brewing Company Berliner Weisse!

Jack's Abby Brewing Leisure Time Lager!

& Ithaca Beer Co. Flower Power!

FULL LIST: http://ow.ly/ltGrV, Fancy some bubbly? 

aka WE JUST SPIKED A CASK OF Lagunitas Brewing Co IPA!! 

...heading here yet? :), Thanks so much to everyone who came and contributed to The Lower Leg fundraiser for our beloved friend, Karen Rand! We all had a blast!!

And thanks to Matt White of Summer Shack for these awesome photos!! , Thank you to everyone who came out to support the Karen Rand Fund, the Krystle Campbell Memorial Fund, and The One Fund Boston at Bowl for Boston at Kings last night! 

We had a great time!, Suzi, Karen and the GIANT bowling pin at #BowlforBoston at @KingsBackBay! Thanks for hosting this awesome event!, Our bar manager Sean Keller is one EXTRAORDINARY dude! He's leaving us Sunday to walk the Appalachian Trail 'cause he's also CRAZY. 

We'll miss you Sean!!, We'll be at Kings' "Bowl for Boston" fundraiser tonight... all proceeds to benefit The Krystle Campbell Memorial Fund and The Karen Rand Fund.

Starts at 6pm, see you there!!, Just updated our draft list! It's a beautiful day, so swing by and enjoy our new beers on tap!

Jack's Abby Brewing Maibock Hurts Like Helles (12oz)

Tröegs Brewing Company Hop Back Amber

Mystic Brewery Mary of the Gael (12oz) 

Also, you have to try our special: "The Italian Job"!!
---A warm French baguette stuffed with capicola, salami, mortadella, provolone, tomatoes, lettuce, pickles and red onion topped with an herb vinaigrette and some cherry 
pepper relish (aka the hots). Served with a choice of a side. 

FULL draft list: http://bukowskitavern.net/boston/current_draft_list

FULL specials list: http://bukowskitavern.net/boston/menu, Thanks so much to everyone who came and contributed to The Lower Leg fundraiser for our beloved friend, Karen Rand! We all had a blast!!  Thanks to Chris Lanoue Photography for these awesome photos!!, DRAFT LIST UPDATES: 

-Boulevard Brewing Company Stingo (brewed with Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project), 

-The Brooklyn Brewery Silver Anniversary Lager 

& Wachusett Brewing Company (The Publick House Series) Larry Imperial IPA !

FULL LIST-------> http://ow.ly/l6HB8, "The Lower Leg" Fundraiser for Karen Rand, who lost her best friend (Krystle Campbell) and her left leg to the Marathon bombings, is SUNDAY at The Lower Depths! 1-5pm.

We hope to see you there! Details: http://ow.ly/l1RiC, Join our friends at Kings on May 22nd for their "Bowl for Boston" Fundraiser!

All proceeds from the event will go directly to The One Fund Boston, The Krystle Campbell Memorial Fund and the Karen Rand Fund. 

Tickets: http://ow.ly/kUNTy, Just updated our draft list with local favorites:

Ipswich Ale Brewery IPA Dry Hopped with Zythos on cask 
AND
Tap Brewing Company Leather Lips IPA!

Full list here: http://bukowskitavern.net/boston/current_draft_list, Please join us for a fundraiser for Karen Rand, survivor and victim of the Marathon bombings, who lost her best friend (Krystle Campbell) and her left leg. Karen is also part of the restaurant family and we want to help raise money for the fund that her sons set up for her through GiveForward: http://is.gd/KarenRandFund. 

WHEN: Sunday May 19th, 1-5pm
WHERE: Lower Depths
WHAT: We kindly ask for a minimum donation of $20 at the door.

For more information, see the Facebook Event: https://www.facebook.com/events/182557068565838/ 

All donations are so greatly appreciated!, null, Happy Revenge of the Fifth. 
-the Dark Side, Getting ready for the Derby in style with Ashley!, Dan's artwork is so beautiful, no one wants to take it down!! Oskar Blues Brewery, Updated draft and special lists on our site! 
http://bukowskitavern.net/boston/current_draft_list 
http://bukowskitavern.net/boston/menu

Lagunitas Brewing Co UNDERCOVER SHUTDOWN  (12oz) Naragansett IMPERIAL BOHEMIAN PILSNER ..and many more!

DOG OF THE WEEK:
The Pregnant Dog!!  $6.95
A grilled dog wrapped in apple wood smoked bacon topped with creamy peanut butter and chopped 

Special: Wings Your Way!! $9.95 
Deep fried breaded chicken wings tossed in BBQ or Buffalo sauce. Served with lots of napkins and a wet nap!! 
Suggested beer: PBR, you scum bag!, Who needs a beer? We are now open!, We're gonna be opening in a little bit, see you all soon!, Artwork by Suzi's daughter, Sylvie. #BOSTONRULES, Folks, we will be donating ALL tips to The One Fund.

http://onefundboston.org/ 

Get involved!, Our bar is now open, come on down! 

Come support Buk's and other area businesses that are gradually re-opening., We are still closed, but we're working with the Mayor's office to open. We'll keep you all updated. Thank you for your love and support., Krystle Campbell, 29, who lost her life yesterday at the Boston Marathon, was a dear friend. #PrayforBoston, Bukowski Tavern Boston is closed for the moment. Please continue to stay safe, strong, and vigilant. #BostonStrong, Arsenic in beer, you say? Shit, we have to die of something..., Every day is National Beer Day around here. http://www.punchbowl.com/holidays/2013/4/7/national-beer-day, Got an amazing cask offering right now. Jack's Abby Brewing Cascadian Schwarzbier., Welcome back, fans., Looking for us?
We're spending time with our families.
Ha ha. Psych. We're just taking some time to deep clean the joint. We'll be open around 3pm. See you then., Speaking of Easter: We will open at 3pm on Easter Sunday. While your drunk ass is hunting Easter eggs, we'll be cleaning and painting the kitchen., Look what's coming for you this Easter., Now on draft., Been there., Take your green beer and shove it up your ass. Happy St. Patrick's Day., Beer is good for you. Although we're not sure about that "moderation" thing. http://mobile.boston.com/lifestyle/health/blog/nutrition/2013/03/the_health_benefits_of_beer, Your bartenders this evening., Enjoy your beers on the Dig and Narragansett. But tip your bartender/server, boozebags., We just wanna get our mouth wet., A fuckton of fun in a can. Because your palate needs a goddamn break. And because DigBoston is paying for your Narragansett Beer. Tomorrow night!, Snow? Who gives a shit? It's time for Friday drinking!, Throwback Thursday., Fuck yes beer., They're coming... local boozebags and muggers, get your drink on now if you wish to avoid., Feeling philosophical., null, They forgot to mention that the Back Bay Bukowski Tavern opened on March 4, 1998., Good., We're also good during nor'easters. And summer days when you don't feel like getting burned to a crisp on some sun-scorched sidewalk patio. Or any day you don't want to drink a shitty beer., Good (BBQ Pulled Pork) Dog., WHO PUT THAT HEALTHY SHIT NEXT TO OUR TUNA MELT?!, Too shitty to trudge home after work. Guess you'd better have a few beers instead., Beers for your Tuesday from Slumbrew Southern Tier Brewing Company Jack's Abby Brewing Notch Brewing Mystic Brewery and more., We know we're fucking awesome. You know we're fucking awesome. Make sure everyone else knows we're fucking awesome by voting for us in the Boston Phoenix 		Best., Hope Jack's Abby Brewing remembers us when they're all blown up., The More You Know., Drink a little much last night in an attempt to numb the pain of your broken, unloved heart? We've got roasted red pepper and tomato soup if you're not back on solid food yet., Oh, right. All that misanthropy and beer drinking got you hungry. Our veggie and goat quesadilla special. Sliced grilled portobello mushrooms, roasted red peppers, caramelized onions, mozzarella cheese and fresh goat cheese all melted together in a toasty flour tortilla. Served drizzled with a balsamic glaze and chopped scallions. Goes great with Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project 1901 KK., Really., Here is a dick sucking a dick to haunt your nightmares. Happy fucking Valentine's Day., We're getting ready..., Fuck Valentine's Day., Beer. Come drink it., We're prickly because we're too good for you., Hey, Valentine's Day is Thursday! We don't give a fuck., We're open! Let's drink., Due to the snow, we are closed for now. We'll let you know when we are back. Thanks for your patience!, Fuck you, snow. We're ready for you. (Get here safely if you come out, boozebags.), Packie all sold out of beer? Don't freak out. We will be open tomorrow and Saturday., null, One week to Valentine's Day. As always, we are not feeling the love., Blizzard's comin'. Better bulk up that beer belly for warmth., We're back. And more hungover than ever from our holiday party last night. Come mock our pain., ATTENTION LOCAL BOOZEHOUNDS: We will be closed all day/night this Monday, 2/4. We will be drinking at an undisclosed location. Come taunt our hungover asses on Tuesday, 2/5., Getting some ideas together for 2/14., Fucking Valentine's Day, 2012., Or, you can just hang out here for our annual Fuck Valentine's Day anti-celebration. Vulgar paper hearts included., No chicken wing shortage here., How can you have your pudding if you don't eat yer meat? Erm, beets., It's Beer Can Appreciation Day AND National Peanut Butter Day. Get in here and appreciate the hell out of a couple of cans and a peanut butter burger., Damn, it's cold. How cold is it?, Plenty of reasons to enjoy a beer today. A day off, not having a day off, your football team of choice winning, your football team of choice losing, impending snow, inauguration ceremonies, it's cold outside, it's warm inside, the fact that you are alive and of legal age to drink., Check this out, nerds., Day's over. Time for beer., Our water should be good for the rest of the night. Beer time!, OK. We still have water. It might cut out on us as they're doing work outside, but until it does, we're open., Hey. Who turned off the water? Oh. These guys. 
We've got to shut down for two hours due to the lack of water--sorry! We'll keep you posted., Big Mama's behind the bar today. Come keep Suzi company!, You're damn right we named one of our specials the Turkey Honey Boo Boo. Grilled smoked honey turkey topped with melted swiss cheese, caramelized onions, honey mustard sauce and of course bacon on toasted sourdough. It's smexy., Hockey's coming back! , Hey Magellan! Way to serve those drunks!, !!!!, Some like their burgers classy. We like ours (white) trashy. 
Our White Trash Burger is a 6oz burger topped with fried jalapeños, caramelized onions and our famous spicy cheese sauce on a toasted bun with lettuce, tomatoes and pickles. Goes great with a Cambridge Brewing Company Big Man IPA!, If you left your stupid New Year's Eve crap here, come pick it up., Crappy New Year! A little worse for the wear? Come grab some White Trash Poutine and it'll all be better., To review: Fuck New Year's. We pay you a buck to come in. You leave your noisemakers and other novelty shit outside. We drink beer like grownups. Let's party., Our balls dropped years ago. Fuck New Year's., Good fucking riddance, 2012., Beer. Because it's Friday and you haven't done shit this week., Fuck New Year's. You know how we do it. No noisemakers. No novelty glasses. We pay YOU a buck to come in. Maybe we'll toast at midnight if we're sober enough to tell time., Believe it or not, we're spending a day with our loved ones. Back tomorrow. Try not to miss us too much, fuckers., Christmas Eve? How the fuck did that happen? We're outta here at 5pm. Get yer beers now., It's almost La Fin Du Monde o'clock, bitches., Less than 12 hours left until we tap our keg of La Fin Du Monde. The end of the world will feel so much better if you're buzzed., If the world doesn't end when we tap our keg of La Fin Du Monde, you should visit our friends over at the Rattlesnake, who'll have flights of Stone Brewing Co.'s Vertical Epic series from '03-'12 on Friday. No, you can't bring your mug with you., Still more proof we're awesome: This happens. Thursday at midnight. Make sure your last beer a fucking great one., More confirmation that we're fucking awesome in the Boston Phoenix., Santa says fuck it., It's 12/12/12. Who gives a fuck? We're waiting on 12/21/12, which is when we'll be toasting the end of the world with La Fin Du Monde on draft. Yep. Draft. Both here and Bukowski Tavern in Inman., Come get yer peanut butter burgers! Our fans are functioning again, so we're back to our full menu., Bukowski Tavern: Boston's home for day-drinking some of the best craft beer in the city. Thanks, The Boston Globe., First, the bad news. Our hood fans are still broken. Since we don't want the Soup Bitch to fry in the kitchen, we're running on a limited food menu today. Check it out at the link., Well, wasn't the fan belt that broke. We're on a limited food menu until tomorrow. Full beer list, though., Fan's still out. But thanks to our neighbors at Summer Shack we can offer you White Trash Cheese Dip. It eats like a meal., Our hood fan shit the bed, so no food until someone fixes it. We've got the part, so it hopefully won't be long. Beer while you wait?, Fuck this working shit. It's Friday., Fuck Black Friday. Drink beer instead., Happy Turkey day, fuckers! We're closed for the holiday, but if you absolutely must get away from your relatives, Bukowski Tavern Cambridge opens at 5:30 tonight. See ya tomorrow!, How nice of your boss to let you leave early. Now you can sit on the highway with everybody else who left early to "beat the traffic." Stick it to the man by drinking early instead. We're open all night for your pre-turkey beer needs., We're open. Just in case you're thirsty., Some assembly required. Fuck this shit., Hey guys--we've got some new equipment in and it's taking longer to set up than we anticipated, so we'll be opening around noon today. (Muggers, knock on the back door.) Sorry about that!, Boobs. (.)(.), Chicken wings! You can also get 'em Gangnam Style. (Which our staff didn't know about until Suzi referenced it.), Our doorman is a real dog., IT'S MOTHAFUCKIN' TACO TIME! One taco for $4.95 or 3 for $12!, We're painfully excited to be here today!, And how are your hangovers today?, Napoleon Bonaparte said: "I drink Champagne when I win, to celebrate...and I drink Champagne when I lose, to console myself."  We'll have election results on TV this evening--along with some Champagne (of Beers) for your celebrating or self-consoling., Our muggers ventured over to Cambridge yesterday to say goodbye to The Buk, our former house beer. , Hey! Do you like Bukowski Tavern? So much you want to work here? We're looking for cool people to work in our kitchen. We're looking for some full time/part time night cooks. Come in and ask for Suzi or Angel if you or anyone you know is interested. Cheers!, It's 4:20. Come get your Brown Shugga., Ever had the Zuni Roll at our sister restaurant Parish Cafe? We've got our own version as a special. AND you can get it with fries. Gauntlet? Thrown., null, One of our regulars shows his Lederhosen. Hank seems unmoved., Happy Halloween!, All's fucking well over here. We'll be open regular hours today. Cheers, motherfuckers!, Hope you've all managed to keep your beer at the appropriate temperature today. So far, everything's OK on Dalton Street. Once we sleep off our hangovers, we hope to be back at it on Tuesday., Looks like Hurricane Sandy is going to fuck our shit up. We will be CLOSED tomorrow (Monday) to keep our staff safe. Hopefully we'll be back in business on Tuesday--we'll keep you posted. 
(And we are open tonight, so come grab a beer once you've battened down your hatches.)
Stay safe out there, fuckers. Don't drink any shitty beer while we're closed., Fuck Frankenstorm. Let's have some pumpkin beers and ride this bitch out., It's fuckin' taco time! Have one freshly grilled marinated skirt steak on yellow corn tortilla with homemade pico, cheddar, and sour cream for $4.95 OR have 3 for $12!, Coming into town for the Boston Book Festival? We're right down the road and we fucking love books. And beer. Especially reading books while drinking beer., It's National Greasy Foods Day, motherfuckers. We got you covered., It's only fucking Wednesday? We need a beer or 15., Hey... we know that corner. , We've got a fuckton of bottled beer, and we don't care who knows it! DigBoston has nominated us for a Dig This Award--vote, you lazy bastards. (They also nominated our sister bar Bukowski Tavern over in Cambridge--vote for them too!), World's biggest bar cleanup this morning. Your cheerful cleaning staff., It's Taco Time! A crisp pork belly taco on a flour tortilla with bbq, tomatoes, blue cheese and some spicy slaw. Order as many as you want, because they're only $4.95 each., Romney can keep his binders full of women. We've got binders full of beer., Apples don't come off the tree with cheese and sausage. Luckily, we've got you covered. Our Fall Quesadilla Special is a flour tortilla with melted white sharp cheddar, fresh sliced local mackintosh apples and German sausage. Served drizzled with a balsamic glaze and sour cream on the side. Goes great with a Crispin Hard Cider., Shitloads of pumpkins were harmed in the making of our roasted pumpkin soup., Thanks for the shout, Boloco. Come see us if you get sick of office keg beer. http://bostinno.com/2012/10/12/what-do-local-chefs-eat-for-dinner-bostons-restaurant-industry-on-where-they-drink-dine-after-hours/, Hungry? We've got a fried chicken, biscuits, and gravy special that's so good it'll stop your heart. Wash it down with a Founders Breakfast Stout., Check out this week's Honest Pint for an interview with former manager Nicole on how to tell your beer is being served correctly. She implemented our beer cleaning system when we got our new beer lines.
We clean our beer lines every two weeks and every time we have a line change in between, as well as having a dedicated dishwasher for glassware. Just because we're a shit hole doesn't mean we'll allow our beer to be mistreated., Beer!, It's a cold, crappy day. No time like the present to burn through your mugger card. (Or, fill the mug you've already earned with fucking awesome beer.), HOLY SHIT, IT'S THE GREAT PUMPKIN. The one you drink, not the one in the cartoon. And it's on draft!
Oktoberfest rolls on--check our website for meaty specials and more tasty fall/German beers. http://bukowskitavern.net/boston/current_draft_list Prost!, As we call it around here, every fucking day of our lives., Oktoberfest! Sausagefest! Brats! Prost, motherfuckers!, WE WILL PAY YOU WHATEVER THE FUCK YOU WANT. JUST GIVE US THE GODDAMN BACON., Even the Soup Bitch is psyched for Oktoberfest. Our beer cheese soup tastes great with Berkshire Brewing Company Oktoberfest because that's the beer we put in it., It's that fucking time of year again! Drafts and food menu on our website--or just come in and check out our meat., Fuck., Want to avoid the Patriots game? CBS Boston says we're the place to be., We like it better when Homer drinks. Maybe we should pitch a "Homer tries craft beer instead of Duff" episode., Thanks for buying the bar a round last night, Seamus Murphy (former Steelers player)., And you can wash down that burger with a pumpkin beer. We've got Cape Ann Brewing Fisherman's Pumpkin Stout and Cambridge Brewing Company Great Pumpkin Ale on RIGHTFUCKINGNOW., Yes, you can has cheeseburger. Or Bacon and Blue Burger. Or Chili Cheddar Burger., Good dog., White Trash Poutine: Because regular Poutine is too classy., Some more on that fucking awesome Bukowski For Kids post from yesterday... enjoy the depravity., We weren't fucking around about the pumpkin beers! Check the bottle specials (click the link--the preview is out of date). When some beers kick, we'll have Fisherman's Pumpkin Stout on draft., We love the Earth. Largely because it's the only planet we know of that has beer. Check out where our frying oil goes after we make your fries/tots/etc., We've got the game on our little TVs. But some pretty fucking good beer to drink while you watch., Sean's out of town, which means we're bringing in a bunch of beers he doesn't like. Hope all of you like pumpkin beers!, Draft list updated for your Friday boozing. Notch Brewing Squirrel Brew, Jack's Abby Brewing Red Tape Lager, and Southern Tier Brewing Company Pumpking as a bottle special., Our Dog of the Week is the Creamy Dog: Dog topped with spicy cream cheese and pickled red onions. Goes great with Mayflower Brewing Company Hoppy Wheat. Mmm mmmm creamy., Dismal days are perfect for putting back a pint or six., Butternut squash on the stove. No pumpkin on tap., Drink like the proletariat this holiday weekend., U-S-A! U-S-A! B-E-E-R., Beer. It's what's for breakfast, lunch, and dinner., "When you drank the world was still out there, but for the moment it didn’t have you by the throat." 
Happy birthday, Hank. Let's have a pint (or six) for Bukowski tonight., "Craft beer" is going into the dictionary. Our definition would be "fucking delicious," but we don't write the dictionary., Welcome, Bruce Springsteen fans. Better eat (and drink) up here before the Boss takes the stage and refuses to leave it., Fuck. We are not America's Manliest Brewpub., Chicken satay. Because we know some of you are too lazy to use a fork., Check out our new sign! It's fucking huge so you can see it after a few beers., So... you think Arianna herself will come by sometime soon?, Bukowski Tavern is having a big celebration for IPA Day. Us? We're just serving up beers (hoppy and otherwise) like we always do., If you drink enough beer, the results of the Olympic events on TV tonight will be a surprise to you., The Olympics: The quadrennial celebration of sitting at the bar, drinking beer, and talking out of our asses about summer sports we don't give a shit about., Now on cask... Boulder Mojo! Mmm mmm cask beer., We're happier than a snot-nosed brat at Christmas to have a brand spankin' new fryer in the kitchen. Our fries have never tasted so good., Don't mark National Hot Dog Day with some nasty convenience store frank. Let us grill up one of our Mad Dogs for you. Wash it down with a nice cool beer. Repeat., The most interesting lady on the moon., It's 1:30pm on a Friday in July. What the fuck are you doing at work? Seize the day by seizing a draft beer. (Or bottle special.), We're fucking manly. And so are you, if you vote for us. (You too, ladies.), Sit outside and drink? Are you fucking nuts? We'll be inside with all this draft beer., Hey Corporate Challenge suckers: Remember that beer is an effective post-run beverage. Or, you can just avoid seeing your colleagues in their gym clothes, skip the damn thing, and drink here instead., Men's Health has nominated us for their Manliest Restaurants contest. Although we're not quite sure why. You guys are more concerned about the 6-pack in your fridge than the 6-pack you get from a gym. But vote for us anyway. Thanks., We're fucking fancy, bitches., Your 2012 Pint and Pen winners. See ya in 2013, writers. http://ow.ly/c7s5Y, Updated our beer list in case you want to roll in and order without consulting the menu. Of course, you can always let fate order by spinning the wheel., Celebrate American Independence too hard? The Hangover Helper really does live up to its name. With bacon and eggs, it's as close as we fucking get to brunch., Remember kids: Just because your beer can looks like it collided with a July 4th parade float doesn't make it patriotic. Quaff a quality American craft beer this Independence Day., If you like veggie dogs and whimsically drawn tube meats, read this. Thanks, Dig., Golf checks are always funny., Show some fucking respect to the Mayor, you savages., Monday of a bullshit bifurcated week. Anybody else feel like working is pointless? Take a long liquid lunch here., What's on draft? Here's what's on draft. Work can wait. There's beer to be consumed. http://bukowskitavern.net/boston/current_draft_list, Ah, yes, you might want to know who won. Sorry--too many beers in Cambridge last night. We'll link to the winning story when the Weekly Dig puts it on their site., See you at 7pm at Bukowski Tavern Cambridge for the Pint and Pen results. If you entered, you have to be there to claim your prize. If you didn't, come by anyway. Harpoon Brewery will be there and we'll have some other fun shit going on., If anybody knows how much it sucks to wake up out of your tree, it's us. Here's to you, Brookline Bear., Did you enter the Pint and Pen contest? Then you'd better be at Bukowski Tavern Cambridge tomorrow at 7pm to find out if you won $2500 cash money., If you're not catatonic, you probably noticed it's hot as fuck out. So we updated our draft list so you need not sweat your nuts off coming over here to check what's on. You're welcome., Did you enter our Pint and Pen contest? Check your email--we just send out the details on the announcement party at Bukowski Tavern on Tuesday. You (or a friend who's 21+) MUST BE PRESENT to claim the prize., Submissions are with the judges as we speak. Good fucking luck, writers!, Pint and Pen entries due TODAY! First prize is $2500 cash. You have to bring 'em in here--no emails! And don't forget your entry forms. Get it at our website or in the Weekly Dig., Happy Father's Day. Ditch the kids and drink here., Pint and Pen entries are due Monday. Bring in a hard copy, your completed entry form, and try not to suck! http://ow.ly/byu68, We're so fucking happy to see you., Remember: Soda with lunch is for losers. Drink beer., Listen up, jerks. Get out your PEN, grab a PINT of HARPOON, and write some good shit. Prize is $2500 cash money, ya DIG?, Happy Pride from the place that many tourists have assumed is a gay bar due to all the dudes who drink here., Now on at Buks: Downeast Cider. It's tasty like apple juice, but better because it's got alcohol!, Reminder: Bukowski Boston does NOT allow anyone under the age of 21 in the bar at any time. This includes toothless infants, rugrats who are clearly not of drinking age, and 19-year-olds who "just want a burger." It's the way we like it. See you when you're legal, bitches., HOLY FUCKING SHIT, IT'S JUNE. Pint and Pen submissions are due on the 18th! Here's what you do:
Put 500-750 words on paper. Four of them must be PINT, PEN, DIG, HARPOON. Fill out a submission form (pick one up in the Weekly Dig!), bring a hard copy to the bar, and wait to see if you're worthy of a $2500 cash first prize at our totally kickass party at Bukowski Tavern on 6/26. , None of our hastily drawn and profane chalkboard signs made the list? We call bullshit. , "'Oh, I love the summertime, it's so warm finally, lets go to the beach, oooooh...' What's the fucking deal with the beach? I don't get it. It's where dirt meets water, alright? Is that that fucking amazing to you? I've got a bathtub and an imagination, I'm staying indoors this summer." --Bill Hicks, Didja hear? Boston Beer Week starts Monday. And we're celebrating with a kind of craft beer roulette. We've got some tasty kegs in house, and we'll be putting them on whenever we fucking feel like it. If you're lucky, you'll get what you want. If you're not, well, quit bitching and drink another one of our craft beers. , Sure, you can drink outside. If you like bugs swimming in your beer and sweating like a fucking hog. We'll be inside, thanks., Notch Session Coffee Milk Stout on cask now! Low ABV not your thing? Check out what's on draft now at Buks., Greetings and salutations, boozebags! We just updated our website with the current draft list. Don't believe Facebook's lying link preview. Asshole., Whoa. Deep. , Have fun sitting in soggy pants and drinking overpriced swill beer at Fenway tonight, suckers. We'll be in here with dry seats and tasty beer. Shit, NStar might even manage to keep the electricity on all night., Bukowski Tavern: Where you take the not-so-special mother in your life., "The flavor of an authentic margarita with a refreshing splash of Bud Light Lime." We'd rather drink the mop water after we're done cleaning the shitter that put this crap in our mouth., Shitty day outside. Spend it holed up in our cozy little shithole., Electricity is back. Continue drinking as usual., Jesus Christ., If you're looking for a name for your mug... , Fuck you, cancer. RIP MCA., Man, fuck work. , Guess we'll have to close the patio today. Oh, right, we don't fucking have one., Hockey season's over. Time to drown our sorrows in beer and White Trash Cheese Dip., On draft. Right now. , Who asks such a dumb fucking question?! , Happy 4/20, potheads. Come by at 4:20pm for a keg tapping of Lagunitas Waldos' Special--a dank IPA. And maybe an order of White Trash Poutine Tater Tots to ease yer munchies. Oh, yeah, and Fenway is even older than it was yesterday., Sorry to fuck with your artistic vision, but we've got a slight change to our Pint and Pen contest. The words you must use in your entry are PINT, PEN, HARPOON, and DIG. Submissions still due 6/18. Start rewriting, asshats. , Lookit what Lagunitas dropped off in honor of 4/20. We'll be pouring the brewery's Waldos' Special (a dank IPA) starting at 4:20 tomorrow. (That's hops in them there Twinkies, narcs, so relax.), Thinking this will be our uniform for Marathon Monday, 2013., Patriots' Day. When lazy motherfuckers claim they'll run 26.2 miles next year. We know where you'll be: Drinking at our bar, like every other year., Hate shitty ballpark beer? Fret not. Stop in for a craft beer before burning your whole paycheck within the hallowed walls of Fenway Park., ...We kind of want to figure out how to put boobs on the Like button. It'd go so nicely with the tits on our menu! (.) (.) , We all know Charles Bukowski is one of the greats. But he's dead. We need some new shit to read. Get creative, don't suck, and you could win $2500. Or some dirty-ass knives. , Quit yer bitchin'... we'll be open at 5pm to help you de-stress from all the family time., Our drunk assses can't keep up with all the bullshit ___ Day things happening. We've got Session beer. We have all kinds of beer all the time. Let's appreciate beer everyday, mmmk?, ALSO: Bukowski Boston will be open from 5pm-close on Easter Sunday. Fuck pastels and bunnies--let's drink., We're at Ground Zero for Anime Boston--come grab a beer and gawk at the freak show., Jesus, you bastards really like putting our balls in your mouth. And we're happy to keep those chicken and cheese balls coming., Tell your boss to stuff that busy work up his ass. There's baseball to watch. We'll have it on the teevee. We have beer. You're welcome., Do you have a story burning within you? Pick up some fucking antibiotics, pervert. THEN enter our annual Pint and Pen competition. Winner gets $2500 CASH. , Our Buffalo Chicken Balls are lightly fried bits of chicken and cheese, served with a side of chipotle ranch dressing. Get in here and put our balls in your mouth., Just because they're over in Cambridge, Bukowski Tavern thinks they're so fucking hip with their Timeline. We can slap together a cover picture too, bitches. Enjoy., You know how we do., Oh hello there, patio drinkers. Now that it's a fucking gross and cold March day, you want back into our bar. You fickle bastards., The sun is out. The birds are singing. It's freakishly warm. Get away from all that happy Disney horseshit in our dark, dank bar., null, Still feeling like shit? Come in for our Hangover Helper burger. A 6-oz. patty topped with bacon, a fried egg, and chipotle mayo. Boozebag tested. Boozebag approved., Happy St. Patrick's Day to all the amateur binge drinkers out there. We've got tasty, not-dyed beer and greasy food to keep you going all night., ...And we're back. Thanks for all your wiseass comments over the past couple of days. We need a drink almost as much as you do., The power is BACK ON AT BUK'S! We're gonna tidy the joint up a bit, let the health inspector check out our meat (...heh), and we'll hopefully be back by noon., Despite what you read, the lights aren't back on here yet. We'll let you know as soon as we're up and running. Don't go drinking any shitty beer until we get back., Still no power on our side of the Back Bay. Fuck if we know when it'll be back--maybe noon?, Everybody have fun at our marshmallow roast last night?
The bar is fine. See? We're closed until our lights come back on, however. We'll let you know when that happens., Watching your girlish figure? Fuck that. Come in and have our Dog of the Week. It's a beef dog wrapped in bacon and topped with chunky blue cheese dressing., "Drinking is an emotional thing. It joggles you out of the standardism of everyday life, out of everything being the same. It yanks you out of your body and your mind and throws you against the wall. I have the feeling that drinking is a form of suicide where you're allowed to return to life and begin all over the next day. It's like killing yourself, and then you're reborn. I guess I've lived about ten or fifteen thousand lives now."
Charles Bukowski died on this day in 1994. We raise our pints and bottles of wine to him., Immune to spring fever? So are we. It's dark in here and we have no outside seating. Makes it easier to focus on the drinking., We've got a TBone Steak Special. Cooked to order AND we'll let you use a big fucking steak knife., So the Internet tells us it's National Peanut Butter Day. Fuck jelly. We like our PB on hamburgers. Quit your girly squealing and try it, pussy. It's wicked good., Ah, Leap Day. When we pretend to be thrilled about an additional day on the string of interminable hours that make up our lives. But it *does* give us an extra 24 hours in which to drink., We're so fucking excited to see you this weekend. Let's drink!, Vote (for us) or die., Long weekend Sunday = More drinking time! Beer Geeks: The only things from Beer Geek Week we are OUT OF are the Lagunitas Stout Cask, the Heady Topper cans (heh), and the Founders Breakfast Stout. We still have everything else: even the Aventinas!, Beer Geek Week is almost over. You going to be the one jackass who missed it? That would suck. Come in and check it out., Beer Geek Week Friday. Which means it's time to tap Harpoon Leviathan Trititcus Wheat Wine "2010" vintage and release our bottles of Brooklyn Black Ops "2010" vintage. Long weekend party time in effect, bitches., Hope you guys didn't get attached to hot water..., Get out of your house, loser, and into Beer Geek Week. Tonight we celebrate all things fermented by tapping some Smuttynose Barley Wine "2010" vintage and releasing bottles of Mystic Saison An Dreoilin. , Haven't been in for Beer Geek Week yet? How lame can you fucking be? Tonight, we're tapping a log of Founders Breakfast Stout and releasing bottles of Brooklyn Black Ops "2009" vintage., Welcome, assholes and losers!, We took our picture in the shitter. Because we can., We had a little photo shoot in our schmancy new bathroom. Consider this as close to a Valentine we'll ever give you. #fuckvalentinesday, A sky view of our "improved" men's room..., Beer Geek Week starts today. We'll be tapping a cask of Lagunitas Imperial Stout and a keg of Jacks Abby Framinghammer Baltic Porter. Get some!, Let us get one thing straight. We ACTUALLY hate Valentine's Day. #fuckvalentinesday , Lookit that. We've been nominated for Best Beer Geek Bar by the Boston Phoenix. JUST IN TIME FOR Beer Geek Week!! Now that's fate. You gonna vote against fate? Didn't think so. , Fuck yeah White Trash Cheese Dip., Just added to our Beer Geek Week lineup: We'll be releasing 48 16oz cans of The Alchemist Heady Topper for F**k Valentine's Day. This beer is one of the best things going. So get in here., Beer Geek Week is coming! We've posted our schedule of events for February 13-19 on our website. Look past the dead Cupid for details., Friday! Let's have a beer. Yeah? Yeah., Look! We're classing up the bathroom. Some day, maybe you'll be able to take a piss in it., We're baaaaack! Did you miss us?, Remember: We're taking the day off for our staff holiday party tomorrow. See you Tuesday, suckers., Attention drunks! We will be closed ALL DAY on Monday, January 30 for our staff holiday party. See you suckers Tuesday., Sucks to be this guy today., It's the freakin' weekend. Check out our current draft list now, or come in and spin the wheel! http://ow.ly/8AI7s, You better RECOGNIZE., (.) (.) <--- Golden Globes. Heh heh heh., Hey, New Zealand! Go fuck yourself! , Have you tried our Southern Tier BackBurner Barleywine? If so, what did you think? If not, why haven't you come in for a glass, sucker?, Lookit what we've got! 22oz bottles of Cambridge Brewing Company Tripel Threat, Audacity of Hops and Bannatyne's Scotch Ale. Get your ass off the couch and get here., Crappy New Year! We've got 2010 Southern Tier BackBurner Barleywine, aged in-house for a year and now ready for your drinking pleasure., Fuck New Year's Resolutions. We plan to drink enough great beer to keep us as fat and lazy in 2012 as we were in 2011., We here at Bukowski Tavern are proud to help keep Boston America's drunkest city. Remember kids: Don't drink shitty beer. , At the office today? Fuck that noise. Come drink with us! , Check out the latest edition of the Weekly Dig. There's a story in there about someone you may know..., Attention boozehounds! We will be closed all day Christmas Eve (12/24) and Christmas Day (12/25). If you can't wait until Monday for White Trash Cheese Dip and a pint, Bukowski Tavern Cambridge will be open on Xmas Eve until 4pm and Xmas Day from 5pm-1am. Cheers!, Wishing our Jewish friends a happy Hanukkah. We're also trying to get the dreidel song out of our heads., "[E]veryone keeps asking how I do it. How I do what? I’m never completely sure what the questioner means. I hope they mean how do I manage to keep producing books, writing essays, making radio and tele­vi­sion appearances at all hours, travel­ing all over the place with no sign of exhaustion, teaching classes, and giving lectures, while still retaining my own hair and teeth and a near-godlike physique which is the envy of many of my juniors. Sometimes, though, I suppose they mean how do I do all this and still drink enough every day to kill or stun the av­erage mule? My doctor ­con­fess­es him­self amazed at my haleness (and I never lie to a medical man), but then, in my time I’ve met more old drunks than old doctors." , Oh heeeeyyyyy Lagunitas Censored Ale. Now on cask at Buks! , Who's coming out to our Duvel/Ommegang Art Glass Giveaway Night tonight? 7pm., It's National Lager Day! From Brooklyn to Sam Adams to High Life, Bukowski Tavern's got your lager needs covered. http://ow.ly/7V4NX, Hope you've all recovered from the party over in Cambridge last night. If you're still celebrating your right to drink, we've got Wachusett Larry Imperial IPA on draft., null, This... has got to be a sign of the fucking apocalypse. Right? , Now on cask at Bukowski Boston! An ale for hardcore locavores. , Thanks to Thrillist Boston for the love! , Not working today? Sick of your relatives? We're open and pouring great craft beers., We're thankful for beer. And more beer. We're closed for the holiday--see you on Friday. Happy Gobble day!, Your office closing early? Don't sit in traffic like a fool... come drink with us!, Good morning, boozebags! Just a reminder that we will be CLOSED on Thanksgiving. If you need sanctuary from your family Thursday night, check out Bukowski Tavern in Cambridge--they'll be open at 6pm. Gobble gobble!, The Globe weighed in on beers that work for Turkey Day this weekend. Which craft beers do you like to wash down your turkey and taters? , Our friends from Jack's Abby are here, pouring their new Kiwi Rising Double IPL. Come on down and try this hoppy as hell beer., Don't forget! Jack's Abby Kiwi Rising Double IPL release party starts at 7:30 at Bukowski Boston!, Mayflower is here! Join us!, Tomorrow night is Mayflower Brewing Co. Pint Night, featuring Thanksgiving Ale. But if you're thirsty now, we've got the Mayflower Porter on draft today., Say hello to our Dog of the Week--the Hot & Sour Dog. It's a grilled beef dog topped with habenero mustard and pickled onions and comes with your choice of side., Did the Boston Globe's review of Boulevard Beer make you thirsty? We'll hook you up--we've got Tank 7 Farmhouse and Harvest Dance. http://ow.ly/7k0BA, Good morning, sunshines! We just tapped Otter Creek's 20th Anniversary Ale. Beer time!, Happy International Stout Day. Come revel in stout goodness at Bukowski--we've got dry oatmeal stout, sweet stouts, imperial stout. Stout: It's what's for dinner. , We've been nominated for a Dig This Award from our friends over at the Weekly Dig for our awesome craft beer bottle selection. But it's up to readers to choose the winner, so clicky the link and vote. , Attention hopheads! We've got Wormtown Be Hoppy on cask now. (And we've always got the Buk, our house beer brewed by our friends in Worcester, on tap too.), Happy Halloween! Come in and check out our scary-good draft list and bottled beer selection., Holy high octanes! We have Smuttynose Big A IPA, Lagunitas Maximus IPA, and Southern Tier Pumpking to keep you warm on a gnarly night., Snow? We're not scared of some fucking snow. Come cozy up to our bar and raise some pints (or cans, or tulip glasses) with us this weekend., Like that beer pictured in bottles down there? Well, we just tapped that hoppy goodness on our cask line. Come get some Lagunitas Maximus tonight! (Or, now.), Chef Angel has a fantastic tuna salad sandwich on special--served on texas toast with a side. Get in our belly, fishies!, It's Thirsty Thursday... which of our tasty brews are you going to try tonight? http://ow.ly/73w8s, Lookie what we just tapped! Hello, malty local deliciousness., Thanks for "liking" us and checking in on the old community page. Now we'll pay it forward by keeping you updated on what's on tap, in a bottle, or on your plate., It's after 4 on Friday. It's beer time. Check out what's on tap, or come in and spin the wheel for something new., null)