List(Big things happening for Churn this week. While we are sad to say we are closing for the season here in Cambridge, we are excited to head out to our new location: LA! Thanks for your patronage, Harvard, we hope to see you next year., It's a beautiful day here in Cambridge! Perfect for a little Cappucino goodness or Sea Salt Caramel. Come to Churn between 11 and 8pm for a taste of this magic., Key Lime Pie is our newest flavor, paired with Salted Caramel! Come try these amazing flavors between 11 and 9pm tonight., If you like Pi침a Coladas 游꿨 ... Come to churn! Our Pi침a Colada flavor is amazing. As is Sea Salt Caramel, today's second option. Come by between 11 and 9pm for a taste!, Yesterday's flavors were so delicious that we brought them back today! Pi침a Colada and Dunkin Apple Pie: we are open until 8pm so come on over., Still holding on to summer? Get our Pi침a Colada flavor! Or are you ready for the leaves to change? Try Dunkin Apple Pie! They are both amazing, so come to Churn between 11 and 8pm!, Wake up with some Cappuccino ice cream this morning! Otherwise, try or freshly churned Coconut flavor. We are open 11-8pm so come on over!, Today's delights are Honey Crunch, and fresh, creamy Vanilla! Try them between 11 and 8pm!, Perfect for your sweet tooth: Honey Crunch and Salted Caramel today! We are open from now until 8pm., You don't want to miss today's flavors, Cappuccino and our newest masterpiece: Honey Crunch! We are open 11-9pm so be sure to drop by., Today we have Chocolate Coconut and Sea Salt Caramel! You can't beat them. Stop by between 11 and 9pm for a taste:), Sea Salt Caramel and Devil's Food Cake are the flavors of the day; come try them between 11 and 8pm! What would you like to see next?, Today we have Wild Berry, Vanilla, and Peanut Butter Crunch! All made fresh right here. We'll be open from 11 to 8pm, so be sure to drop by:), Churn will be closing early today due to thunderstorms. Come by tomorrow!, Today we have Bananas Foster and Chocolate, a match made in heaven. Come between 11 and 8pm today and get a scoop of each!, Today we are serving up some Wild Berry with a fresh mix of raspberries and blueberries! Also, some sweet Maple Walnut. Which is your favorite?, Apple Pie, Strawberry-Lime, and Vanilla today! What should we make when they run out...blueberry? Or raspberry?, We are salivating just thinking about today's flavors: Pecan Pie, Strawberry-Lime, and Vanilla! We are open now, and will be churning away until 9:00 tonight., Cookies n Cream, Bananas Foster, and Vanilla are today's flavors! Which of these is your favorite?, With weather like this, you would never guess that fall is on it's way. What flavors would you like to see as September rolls around?, We can't decide which is better, Chocolate Cookie Crunch or Apple Pie! Come judge for yourself, between 11 and 8 today! Churn, baby, churn., And we're off! Bananas Foster and Devil's Food Cake are the flavors of the day. Come try them between 11 and 8pm!, Churn smells just like a bakery today, our flavors are Pecan Pie and Cookies n Cream! Come by between 11 and 8 for a scoop of joy., Classics today: Cookies N Cream paired with sweet Strawberry! Open 11-8pm., Churn down for Rosemary Peach and Peppermint Patty, today's amazing flavors! #churndownforwhat, Churn down for Rosemary Peach and Peppermint Patty, today's great flavors!, It's minty, it's gooey, it's chocolatey goodness! Peppermint Patty today, alongside creamy Vanilla for your Root Beer Floats. Come by 11-8!, We be churnin, not concernin what nobody gonna say...Coffee and Vanilla today! We open at 11 so be sure to drop by., Sweet sweet white chocolate? Or add a little texture to your day with some Rosemary-Peach? You'll love them both, so stop by between 11 and 8!, Rosemary Peach? Or cappuccino? Try both! We are open until 9pm tonight., Share or retweet this post today for a free small ice cream!, We are BACK! With Strawberry-Banana and French Vanilla. The vanilla is to die for in the Root Beer Floats, so come stop by!, Sadly Churn will be closed today for weather! Come by tomorrow for your little wonderful indulgence., Today's treats:, Creamy White Chocolate or fresh Strawberry-Mint? These go together so well you might just want a scoop of each! Come by between 11 and 8pm today and decide for yourself:), Drum roll please! Our second option today is cinnamon roll! Sweet gooey goodnesss that literally melts in your mouth., Who's ready for mouthwatering flavors? Peach-Mango with a hint of rosemary; we are slicing up the fruit now! With a high of 81, this is just the refreshing treat you've been waiting for., Apple Pie and Raspberry Mint today! With Peppermint Patty on deck:), Fresh to death #churndownforwhat, Apple Pie and fresh Raspberry Mint! You do NOT want to miss out on these., You won't want to miss today's flavors! Red velvet cake and strawberry lime. Ask us how we make the red velvet flavor...you may be surprised., null, null, Pick your poison..., Ran out of coca cola but fret not! Incredible vanilla-cinnamon took it's place. This one's for you Berit Pratt, thanks for the great idea!, Chocolate Chili sauce is back and so is Coca Cola flavor! And classic vanilla of course., IBC Floats, baby, Today's choices: Classic vanilla or vanilla with our Chocolate Chili sauce! We kick chocolate up a notch with the chile and it is to die for.

We also are now serving the best root beer floats you'll ever taste! Stop by and be the first to try em., Flavor ideas? Post them here. We will let you know when we bring your brilliance to fruition!, Today is chocolate-lovers' heaven! Chocolate covered pretzel and chocolate chile pepper! Plain vanilla is also available., You asked for them...and here they are! Get your ice cream in a waffle cone for just $0.75 extra!, And the flavors will be S'mores and Orange Creamsicle! Get ready to be WOWed., Weather permitting we will be Churnin' it up from 11-9:30 tonight! So keep an eye on our site and get ready for some serious taste-bud heaven., If you share or retweet this post within the hour, we will give you an extra scoop for free!, Drumroll please...introducing our newest flavor: Heath Bar Crunch!, It's a great day for ice cream! We are chopping up the freshest of fruit for strawberry-lime., Perfect for a not so sunny yet warm day here in Boston : Green Tea and Cinnamon Banana!! Take your pic!! See you here. #churndownforwhat, Say hello to this amazing cup of Blackberry goodness! Come by and indulge your tastebuds!, It's Tuesday Chooseday... Which would you pick ? Our refreshing Pi침a Colada or our savory Maple Walnut? Decisions decisions!!! Come by and choose yours today. #churndownforwhat, Say hello to our little friends... Peppermint Patty and Pi침a Colada! Stroll on by today and watch the magic unfold into these little cups of goodness! See you soon! #churndownforwhat, Say hello to our white chocolate raspberry friend! Looks so good I can almost taste it. It's Saturday stroll on by today we're here until 7pm! #fresh, The star of the show today is this cup of Vanilla with chocolate-orange drizzle my nizzle!!! Come cool off with us today. We'll be here until 7pm!, Two words...Maple. Walnut. It's here today at Churn2 woohoo!!! We're here until 7pm today! Ps.... It's gooooooood!, Woohoo! No more rain! First order of business.... Ice Cream! Cherry Vanilla and Maple Walnut!!!, Due to obvious reasons Churn2 will be closed until weather permits. Please stay tuned in the next few days for hours and flavors. Drive safely and stay dry !, Milk Love Sugar Science Magic = Rosemary Strawberry and PB&J 
Stay tuned for weather and flavor swap updates. Stay cool friends! - Chrun2, Churn2 will be closing shop a little earlier today due to some rain. Stay tuned for updates tomorrow! Stay dry friends!, Our white chocolate strawberry was such a hit, we ran out!! But don't fret we are now servin our our good ol super fresh strawberry!!! Not too shabby!! ^_^, Now let's put faces to the names.. introducing our decadent white chocolate strawberry AND our fun PB&J for all you kids at heart! Come by and treat yourself on this beautiful humid day!, Hey there Monday! We hope everyone enjoyed their weekend with a little bit of soccer! Come tune in the good vibes with us and these flavors of the day. White Chocolate Strawberry AND PB&J !, Hooray for Friday!!! And for this amazing weather. We're keepin it classic today and stayin with Cinnamon Roll and White Chocolate Strawberry! So good we wanted to repeat these flavors. Come by and try today. Enjoy! - Churn2 Crew, We're running out of Strawberry Mango but don't fret!! We are replacing it with WHITE CHOCOLATE STRAWBERRY!! Come try!, If this cup of Cinnamon Roll and Strawberry Mango doesn't get you down here to @churn2 today, then I don't know what else will! You have plenty of time we'll be here churnin for you until 7pm! #churndownforwhat, Hey there Boston! Lookin good! We hope you're enjoyin this beautiful Boston scene! Swing by Churn2 and try today's fresh flavors. We'll be here until 7pm. See you here!  - Churn2 Crew, Ice cream of the day!! - Cinnamon Roll and Strawberry Mango!! Come by and try one or both of these mouthwatering flavors ! We're here all day.. Come share this beautiful day with us and top it off with these refreshing flavors! See ya soon!, If you haven't already find us on IG @churn2 ^_^, Churn down for what?! We've done a switcharoo and changed up our Blueberry Peach to ooh so amazing strawberry maple!! Made with real maple and organic strawberries! You've got plenty of time to make your way over here! It's an amazing day why not?! See ya here! #churndownforwhat, Hey there! We've switched up Blueberry Peach to Strawberry Maple! Made with real maple and organic strawberries! This bad boy is not one to miss!!!, It's Tuesday choose day! We've got Blueberry Peach and Cappuccino! Come by and you be the judge ! ^_^, How sweet it is.....!, Rosemary Peach and Coffee.... It's what's on the menu today. Take in this beautiful day and stroll on by we'll be here until 7pm! Hope to see you here!!, Yay! Glad to say Churn2 is open and churnin things up. Today's flavors are Pecan Pie and Wild Berry!, Morning! We hope everyone enjoyed July 4th! Churn2 will be closed today until further notice. Lots of police activity in the science plaza due to a bomb threat. Stay safe and stay tuned. - Churn2 Crew, Happy 4th of July!!! Churn will be closed today. Enjoy the three day holiday! Be safe and stay dry! We'll be churnin it up again tomorrow !, Feast your eyes and taste buds on these two bad boys today! We're churnin up Pecan Pie AND Strawberry Mint!! We're here until 7pm tonight!! We really hope to see you here!, For all you cappuccino lovers we are dedicating this cup to you! Come by today and and enjoy this awesome cup of magic while soaking in this amazing weather!! We're here until 8!! For those not so in love w cappuccino we are mixin up Wild Berry as well!, Hello Tuesday! We are diggin this wicked summer weather! Come by Churn2 today and enjoy this beautiful day with us with a reFRESHing cup of magic! We're here until 7!, New week new flavors!! Sink your taste buds into these mouthwatering flavors : Wild Berry and Mocha Cookie! Perfect for this unbelievably beautiful weather. Enjoy! We're here until 7 tonight!, TGIF! It's a such a picture perfect day out here! We've got the farmers market goin on.. we've got Peppermint Patty and Sea Salt Caramel on the menu and if you're around later on this afternoon we'll be switching it up to fresh fruit! Enjoy the day and see you soon!, Need I say more?! Gotta give up to the Churn2 crew for the amazing craft they all so possess! Swing by today and let your palette be the judge as you watch the magic unravel right before your eyes and into this cup of heaven. Our hours are as usual 11-8pm!, null, Who's ready for another beautiful day in Boston?!? We are!! Come by and enjoy this amazing summer day with some SeaSalt Caramel and Strawberry Mint ice cream!! Yuuum! #refreshing, You still have plenty of time to indulge in this freshly made Strawberry Lime! Yum! We are here until 8 tonight!, Pictures say a million things and this one is telling me "EAT ME!" This little magical cup of Peanut Butter Crunch is just one of the three delicious flavors being churned up for you today. Also try Strawberry Mint or Strawberry Lime! We'll be here until 8pm today!, Happy Monday if you haven't already stop by the little cute blue shipping container today! We are servin up Caramel Apple and Cookies and Cream! We're here til 8pm so you have plenty of time!! See ya here!!, It's Sunday Funday and the weather couldn't be any more perfect! Stop by Churn2 today. We're here from 11-7. Watch the Science unfold into an amazing cup of freshly made ice cream! Yum!, If you haven't already today, come by Churn2 to quench that craving for some refreshingly fresh ice cream made with fresh ingredients! TGIF! We're here until 7pm tonight. See ya here!, Hey friends! We apologize for being closed for just one more day due to events in the plaza. We'll be open tomorrow regular hours 11-7. Til then follow us on IG if you're not already @churn2 and stay in the know with all the haps! Thank you for all your continued love and support! Enjoy this beautiful day!
The Churn2 crew!, Churn2 will be closed today and tomorrow due to Harvard Plaza events. We'll be back up and churnin Friday regular hours... Enjoy this beautiful weather!!!, Did you know that not only is @churn2 ice cream made from (N2) Liquid Nitrogen but also made with whole fresh ingredients?! Everything here is freshly made! Come by today from 11-7 and try either Strawberry Banana or Caramel Apple!!! We promise you won't be disappointed! See ya here it's going to be a beautiful
day!, We hope you're enjoying this beautiful day! Come on by Churn2! We'll be here all day quenching your craving for some liquid nitrite made goodness!! Happy Monday!, Happy Fathers Day to all you awesome dads out there!! We are servin up these awesome flavors for all the ice cream lovin dads... Devils Food Cake AND Cookies and Cream! Yum! Spend Sunday Funday with us! We're here all day., Tgif! Due to some rain Churn2 will be closed until further notice. Stay connected.. We may open later today if weather persists! Stay dry friends!, Art - Expression or application of human creative skill and imagination in a visual form such as a painting or sculpture. Providing work to be appreciated for it's beauty and emotional power. 
What if.......?!? @churn2, Our view for today. Come by and treat yourself to some Wild Blueberry and/or Caramel Apple! The Farmers Market is here today too so let's go!!, A few things to be happy for today!! FIRST and foremost we are churnin up WILD BLUEBERRY ! Mmmgood ! It's Tuesday which means we are one day closer to the weekend !And the Farmers Market is here today.. So come spend some time with us today! See you here!, Today's flavor line up : Strawberry Lime and Caramel Apple. Soon as Strawberry Lime runs out we'll be mixin up WILD BLUEBERRY! Yum!! See you here!!, Capturing the essence of Milk Sugar Science Magic Love at Churn2 ! Come get yours today!, We hope you're enjoying this beautiful Saturday! Come by and spend the afternoon with us and indulge in our flavor of the day... Bananas Fosters and vanilla with either caramel or chocolate sauce !!! Yum!! See you here!! ^_^, Two words. Strawberry Lime. Available now at Churn2 ! Rain or shine !, A little skeptical? Come by for yourselves and watch the magic unfold. You won't regret it! We're right in front of the Harvard Science Center in the little cute shipping container. You can't miss us!, We hope everyone is enjoying this beautiful day! Come treat yourself to one of these mouthwatering flavor savors! We'll be here until tonight! We really hope to see you here!! In the little shipping container in front of the Harvard Science Center !, Happy Tuesday folks !! It's goin to be another beautiful day out in Boston! To top that off Churn2 will be up and running this afternoon churnin up Strawberry Lime AND Sea Salt Caramel! Come by and indulge a little.. We're right in front of the Harvard Science Center in the little shipping container!! See you here!, If you're not already follow us on IG @churn2 for more pics and updates on the haps with Churn2 !! We hope everyone is enjoying this amazing weather today!, We hope you're enjoying your much needed 3 day weekend! We sure are ... but not for long..we can't wait to be back Monday June 2. In the meantime we'll be conjuring up some awesome flavors to "churn" for you! Happy Memorial Weekend!! From the Churn2 crew., Throwin it back to when Churn2 first dropped onto Harvard Square! Boy how time flies! Thanks to all our supporters and ice cream lovers it's been quite a ride! Come by today and say hi .. We'll be making ice cream until 4pm today. After today we will be temporarily moving the Churn2 box off campus (just for graduation) we will be back up and churnin it up Monday June 2nd. Stay connected for updates!! Please and thank you!, Walk up to a shipping container, walk away with ice cream! It's that simple! #churn2, Good morning Boston! We hope everyone had a wicked weekend! Here's to another week of productivity. Come see us here at Churn2 to help you get through the week!, Happy happy Friday! We made it through yet another work week! Come celebrate by testing yourself to some fresh Cookies and Cream, Strawberry and Chocolate! We'll be here til 7pm rain or shine!, We're one day closer to the weekend!  Come treat yourself to some Strawberry and or Mint Chip today!! We'd love to help you kick start the weekend! See your faces here!, Milk Sugar Science Magic Love .... Churn2 where the magic happens! See you here today!, Hey there friends! We'll be closing up shop in 45 min. If you haven't gotten your fix yet come on by we'll be here! If not we'll be churnin it up tomorrow!, Today's flavors are refreshing strawberry and decadent chocolate banana! Stop on by , we're in the little blue shipping container in front of the Harvard Science Center!, Happy Tuesday !! Let us know what  your favorite flavor is  or if you have one in mind that we haven't concocted yet!!, We hope you're enjoying this beautiful weather because we are!!! Come enjoy the sun with us here at Churn2! We'll be here for you until 7 tonight!! woohoo!, Happy bright and sunny Monday !! We've got 80 degrees on the weather forecast for today. What better way to compliment this beautiful weather with than with some Churn 2 ice cream?! We'll be here all day today serving up Strawberry, Apple Pie and Banana ! Yum!!, We hope everyone's enjoying their Saturday! If you haven't already come by Churn 2 this afternoon we'll be here until 7pm. We are currently churning up Mango Strawberry AND Chocolate Peppermint Patty! Yum! See you here rain or shine!, TGIF! Don't let a little rain bog you down.. Instead come pay us a visit here at Churn 2 where magic happens! Anything to put a smile on your faces! See you here rain or shine!, Happy Thursday!! If you're on campus or in Harvard Square come see us ! We're churnin up Cinnamon Roll and Chocolate Rasinet! We'll be here until 7pm tonight!, Chocolate Banana or Glazed Donut! Which one would you pick ?!, It's another beautiful sun shiny day here at Churn 2 ! Come by and let us serve you Glazed Donut, Chocolate Banana OR Strawberry Tart N2 ice cream. All three flavors are so good we can't decide.. So you be the judge. See you here in front of the Harvard Science Center! ^_^, Guess who's up and running in front of the Harvard Science Center!!!??? That's right! Churn2 is back at it again! WE are ecstatic to be back ! Today's flavors are Glazed Donut AND Chocolate Banana! We'll be here until 7pm today!! Hope to see you here real soon!!, Having a hard time keeping the snow out of your boots? Well fret no more!..cutting off the foot part of a pair of tube socks and wear the tube part in your boot should help keep the snow out. #remedy #diy, Recap of this years "Churn" of events! Happy New Year friends!!, Goodbye 2013 hello 2014!! We have soo much to be thankful for!! Lots of love to all our supporters who followed us along the way! Can't wait to see everyone in the Spring! Until then have a safe and prosperous New Year! Cheers Friends!!, null, Way to go Ash! Churnin it up at The Gala event in Boston. Representing Churn2 ! Job well done!!, Check out Ash and Anthony a month back. They were given the opportunity to demonstrate the science behind liquid nitrogen for Mrs. Lauren's third and fourth grade chemistry class at Lesley Ellis School in Arlington. Everyone had a blast and thank you to Mrs. Lauren for giving Churn2 the awesome opportunity !, Happy Holidays friends!!, Howdy friends!! It's almost Thanksgiving! What are you thankful for?!?  Stay warm and cozy this season!! From the Churn 2 fam!, Happy Monday Friends!!! Heres to a great week!!! Stay warm!, Happy Halloween Folks!!! Enjoy !!!, Why hello there! If you haven't already noticed we closed down shop just for the season..at least until things start to heat up again.  We just want to give a big THANK YOU to everyone that supported us in the last few amazing months! You all have made this little box what it is today..So stay very in tuned and keep your eyes peeled ... something else will be coming very very soon! #excited, Today's featured flavor!! Come on by and finish the season with us and these winning flavors!, Because there were so many awesome entries it was hard to
chose just one. We've chosen a second runner up! Congratulations Jake Wilder-Smith you've been chosen as next runner up for flavor of the day tomorrow! Key lime pie w graham cracker crust!! Yum!!, We've got a winner!! Best flavor goes to Charlotte R. Blood Sweat and Beards. Cherry ice cream, pretzel pieces topped off w/ chocolate shavings!! Yum! Can't wait to try it tomorrow!! ^_^ #congratulations, If you haven't submitted your flavor yet, do it now! There's only one hour left until we chose the winner for the most unique, mouthwatering flavor., Our apologies.. Please forgive us.We've closed down shop for today but we'll be back tomorrow to churn it up for you again., Churn 2 DOES IT AGAIN!!! WOOHOO!! THANK YOU THRILLIST BOSTON!! #KILLINIT 
http://www.thrillist.com/eat/boston/12-brand-new-boston-restaurants-you-need-to-eat-at-today, T-minus 3 days until Churn 2 takes a tiny break for the season. Which means don't forget to submit your flavor suggestion by this Friday 10/25. For a chance to win a Churn2 tee shirt and your flavor will be featured and served on our last day this Saturday 10/26. If you bring two friends along they too will receive a regular size of your flavor of the day! Lets get creative people!! Good luck!, Happy Hump Day friends!! We'll be churnin up Chocolate Pretzel Crisp (chocolate covered pretzel topped w/ caramel ), Ice Cream Sundae & Caramel Cone... Need I say more??, Somewhere at the end of the rainbow is the Churn2 box!! Yay!!, Sweeten your afternoon with these two addicting flavors...Caramel Macchiato and Double Chocolate Fudge, which I personally feel won't last all afternoon..so come on by and don't miss out on one of my favorite flavors!, T-minus 4 days until closing time for the season. Don't forget to submit your flavor of the day entries. Winner gets picked this Friday 10/25. Winning flavor gets featured and made to serve on Saturday 10/26 in celebration for our last day. Winner along with two friends gets a free regular ice cream and winner takes home a Churn2 tee shirt. Good luck!, null, The countdown begins until Churn 2 closes down for the season. T-minus 5 days... We will be conducting a contest for the next few days to see who could come up with the best flavor. The person who comes up with the most interestingly mouthwatering flavor suggestion, your flavor will be made/featured on Saturday October 26 ( our last day) as the flavor of the day. Winner along with two of your friends gets a free regular sized ice cream and winner takes home a Churn2 T-shirt.  Contest starts now and winner will be chosen on Friday October 25th by  our employees. All inquiries can be made via our Twitter @churn2icecream or on our IG @churn2 or you can post entries here as well. Good luck and happy posting!!! Ready, set...GO!!!, Happy Monday friends!! Hope everyone enjoyed the weekend..start your week off right with one of these sweet flavors...Chocolate Peanut Butter, Cookie Dough , Chocolate Fudge AAANNNND Cookies and Cream! You can't go wrong ! Hope to see ya here!, It's a beautiful Friday out in Cambridge ! Come out to the plaza to soak in the sun and to treat yourself to any of these three mouthwatering flavors.. Green Tea , Cookies and Cream and ooh one of my faves Devils Chocolate Cake! ^_^, Thank you Boston Globe !!!, Let's just get straight to the point shall we..?! On today's menu will be Pecan Pie, Apple Pie and Caramel Cone.. Need I say more?! Hope to see your happy faces here today!, Hello all you Churn2 goers! It's Tuesday and we're open for you! Flavors for today are yummy Chocolate Chip, Red Velvet Cake AND scrumptious Chocolate Crunch!! see ya soon!, Happy Monday! Churn2 will be closed for today but we'll be churnin in up again for you tomorrow!! Stay tuned in for tomorrow's mouthwatering flavors!, If you haven't been by the Churn 2 box yet today here's what you're missin....! We're #churninup Caramel Apple, Maple Crunch and Milk Chocolate Peanut Butter!! Oh how sweet it is! #tgif, This is how it goes down here at Churn 2 . We don't mess around, when we say pecan pie, we really mean pecan pie!!...#churning up these amazing flavors for you today, Caramel Apple, Chocolate Crunch AND one of my faves..Pecan Pie. So come on down and experience milk sugar science magic love ! SEE YA HERE!, Thank you Eater Boston for all the love!! 
http://boston.eater.com/tags/churn-2
#eaterboston #liquidnitrogen #goodness Eater Boston, If you haven't already, come by and experience the magic for yourself. ^_^ #churn2 #liquidnitrogen #icecream #harvardplaza #churnup #milksugarsciencemagiclove #goodstuff, Why hello there Monday! The suns out !! Come by we're serving up Ice Cream Sundae, Chocolate Mint and my fave...Seasalt Caramel!!! MMmmmMmmGOOD!!, Hi friends, due to the not so nice weather we are forced to close down shop for the rest of the day. We will be up and running again tomorrow., YAY for Saturday! Take a stroll on over to the Harvard Plaza and come say hi and try one of our dreamy flavors of the day....Red Velvet Cake, Cookies n' Cream AND Pumpkin Pie...We may be feeling a little adventurous later today and might be experimenting with Peanut Butter Cup ( Reese's) =p, If you haven't come by today already here's three reasons why you should: Red Velvet Cake, Cookies n' Cream and Raspberry Chocolate Cream!!  #tgif, Yup it's treat yourself Thursday!! Come and cleanse your palette with one of these refreshing flavors! #churn2 #liquidnitrogen #icecream #harvard #yum, Keep calm for the week is half way over and have some N2 ice cream!, Happy Hump Day folks! Celebrate today with these mouthwatering flavors!! Woohoo! You scream we all scream for ice cream!, Hope everyone's Tuesday has been great because its about to get even sweeter! If you're in the area come by the box to try our Peanut Butter Banana Toast flavor!!! Words can't explain....you have to try for yourself! ^_^, Goodbye September HELLLLLOOO October!!! Ring in the new month with these awesome flavors....Raspberry White Chocolate, Caramel Cone and if you're around at 3pm we will be "churning" it up with Peanutbutter Banana Toast!!!, Happy Monday!!! Come on by we're open and serving up these three wonderful flavors...Ice Cream Sundae, Caramel Apple and PB&J !!!=), Happy Saturday!! Come on by, we're open and serving Bananas Foster, Apple Pie AND PB&J ! #yum #churn2 #liquidnitrogen #icecream #boston #harvardsciencecenter, WOOHOO It's Thursday! Come celebrate the weeks end with us and treat yourself to one of our amazing flavors! Indulge yourself with either Caramel Apple or Peanut Butter Crunch!! YUM! We'll be serving it up at noon today! ^_^, Happy Hump Day! Come celebrate Wednesday with our crazy new flavors today! Ambrosia which consists of lychee raspberry pineapple AND Pineapple upside down cake which entails pineapple, Cinnamon Toast Crunch cereal with caramel drizzle!!! All this will be available starting at 115pm!! Stay tuned for transitioning flavors later today!, Since yesterday's flavors were such a hit we will be serving them again! If you didn't make it to the box yesterday come by today and try one of these yummy awesome flavors, Chocolate crunch which is a vanilla base with brownie brittle! Or try the raspberry lychee ... No explanation needed there . Let your palate be the judge ! We're open see ya here!, Happy Monday!! We are preparing to open within the next hour! Prepping today's awesome flavors.. Lychee Raspberry, Choco crunch and Pi침a Colada!! Come by and treat yourself to help get over this manic Monday!, Ice cream on another level! Liquid nitrogen is sooo much cooler!......literally! Check us out .. We are in the Harvard Plaza in front of the Harvard Science Center. Be sure to follow us on Twitter for hours and flavor updates!, Sunday Fundays flavors are Choco Crunch and Pi침a Colada!, The suns out! Come on by the little cute box is open ! See ya here !, Greetings all you Churn2 goers...due to a few staffing hiccups we have to close down shop at 6pm today. You still have an hour so come on by for some last minute ice cream made by liquid nitrogen! If not see ya tomorrow!! ^_^, For more information...check us out on our website www.churn2.com if all else fails you can also follow us on Twitter Churn 2  So there are no excuses ^_^, YAY!! TGIF!! Our flavors for today are yummy Mint Chocolate Chip and Sea Salt Caramel! We will also be serving up Maple Bacon ...(while supplies last) 
Hope to see ya here...12pm -8pm WOOHOO!!, Happy Thursday!! It's beautiful out here in Cambridge!  So come by and try one of our three flavors. Apple Pie, Mint Chocolate Chip and Chocolate crunch! ^_^ See you here!, HAPPY HUMP DAY FRIENDS!!! Todays flavors are Strawberry Banana Pineapple and Maple Bacon. We are also experimenting with Apple Pie (while supplies last)  so be sure to ask for that flavor. We will be open until 7pm! See ya here...the weather is beautfiul!!, Happy Hump Day friends!! Here are today's yummy flavors ... Strawberry Banana Pineapple and Maple Bacon! We are also experimenting around with Apple Pie ..!! ( limited. Until we run out) see ya here ! We will be open until 7pm today., Today's flavors...Strawberry Banana , Caramel Sea salt and Mint Chocolate Chip! YUM! If you're in the neighborhood come by and treat yourself with a refreshing mouth watering spoonful of ice cream. The weather couldn't be anymore perfect today! See ya here!, A Big thank you to Eater Boston for the love and support! 

http://m.boston.eater.com/tags/churn-2, Our Churn2 tees are for sale and is available in all sizes! So "Churn" with us and rock our tee's! ^_^, Today's flavors .. Yummy Strawberry Lime and Bananas Foster! Come check us out!!, Happy Monday!!! We are open for business today! 1pm - 7pm! Check out our website for more detailed info:
www.churn2.com 

See ya here!, Churn2 's very first paying customer!! Thank you for all your support!! Yay!, We are very happy to announce that Churn2 is up and open for business!! Come by and see us if you are in the Harvard/Cambridge area! #sweet !, Have we forgot to mention that we also have an Instagram page you can folow?!? Churn 2, Day 2 of set up and the box wasn't even opened yet. With just a little crack open on one side.. Already this cute little box attracted curious, ice cream enthusiasts! #soexcited, Anxiety kicking in! The day finally came Wednesday Sept 11,2013 7am and still no sleep in sight but oh does it feel so good!! #sweetvictory, 6am backing it in onto Harvard! 31 hours of no sleep., Gettin real close! T-minus one hour ! 5am going on 30 hours of no sleep., More behind the scenes. Making sure everything is in tact before the big drop! A big thank you to the fabrication crew and to all who were involved to make this box possible., Looking back on the days when being in Harvard Square seemed so far away. (Which was only three long days ago) These photos were taken literally an hour and half before being dropped onto Harvard. #behindthescenes #lastminutetouches, Not quite open yet but unexpected sample Thursday turned out to be successful ! Thank you to those that curiously came by to show support!, We're here!!, From the inside looking out. If you're in the Harvard/Cambridge area come by and say hello! We are located right in front of the Harvard Science Center. It's experimentation day..so should be interesting! =), It here!! Churn 2 is now in Harvard Square right in front of the Science Center! Preparing all our ingredients so we can finally serve you ice cream! Woohoo! Come by and say hi. See you all soon!, Did we mention we have an Instagram you can also follow?!! Stay in the know @Churn2, Preparing to ship this shipping container to Harvard Square. Counting down the days!! Stay tuned and look out for this cute little container. We'll be right in front of the Harvard Science Center. See you all very soon!
Also follow our Instagram @Churn2, It's Tuesday Friends ! We are one day closer to opening! We will be in Harvard Square This week! Look out for us., Happy Monday! Spending our day experimenting to get the flavors right! Stay tuned for opening date this week!!, No Day is more Superior than Today.)