List(Beer and wine tasting till 8!  Come on down!, Craft beer and wine tasting, t'night, from 5-8 PM!  We'll be tasting Double Bastard's Ale, The Hop Concept's Dank & Sticky, Lord Hobo's Hobo Life, to name a few...

So please stop by!

Thanks,
Paul, Hey Y'all,

Tomorrow, Friday the 26th from 5-7 p.m., we're hosting a second craft beer tasting with the fine people of Down the Road Brewery of Everett!  The first tasting went so well that we all wanted to do another one ASAP!

We'll be featuring all of their beers, as well as their brand new release, Darkest Night Imperial Stout!  It's a very complex and super delicious chocolatey/coffee stout with the perfect amount of maltiness!  And as usual, we'll set out snackies to munch on with the offerings.  

Here's the lineup:

- Fée Des Fleurs Saison
- Darkest Night Imperial Stout  
- Undine Double IPA
- Pukwudgie Pale Ale 
- Hooligan Nut Brown Ale
- Rasenmäher Kölsch

Down the Road's beers have been gaining huge popularity in Massachusetts and are picking up momentum throughout New England!  So please stop by to taste what all the excitement is about!  

Thanks!
Paul, We're doing a sake tasting with a rep from Ruby Wines today, January 29th, from 5-7 PM.  Please stop in if you have a few minutes to try some delicious sakes from a couple well-respected brewers of Japan.  We'll also taste Orion, which is a great beer from Okinawa. 

As always, we'll have California maki rolls and such to munch on. 

We hope to see you there!, Due to the weather, we will be closing at 9 P.M., tonight.  

We will reopen, tomorrow morning, at 9 A.M.

Thank you for your understanding and stay safe out there, everyone!, Come on down!  Tasting till 7 P.M.!, This Friday, January 15th from 5-7 PM, we're hosting a craft beer tasting with a relatively new, local brewery out of Everett.  The guys at Down The Road not only brew great beer, they're great guys, as well.  So please stop in if you'd like to try their beers and talk brews!, We can put together sushi platters, as well as popular Korean dishes for your holiday parties, business functions, etc.  

Please call the store at (617) 623-9620 or inquire via Facebook if interested.  Thank you and Happy Holidays!, We've got a new makgeolli in from the fine people of Bohae (Korean raspberry wine)!  It's called Soony Makgeolli and it's awesome and refreshing!, Hey Everybody, 

This Friday, November 13th, from 5-7:00pm, we're having a wine tasting with a rep from another one of our suppliers. 

And on November 14th, we're hosting the very well respected Kanokwan Food Company, from Thailand, as they sample their delicious and easy to prepare curries and chili sauce. 

Please stop on in!

Reliable Market
45 Union Square
Somerville, MA 02143

Thanks, 
Paul)