List(Join us for a one of a kind Fish Special tonight! Swordfish Shakshouka, the perfect way to satisfy that Israeli comfort food craving. Hope to see you all here!, Happy Holidays! Juniper will be closed for the 24th and 25th this week but feel free to join us for a delectable special prix fixe menu option, complete with a glass of Sparkling Wine and a Muhamara Dip ($75 per person) Thursday December 31st to close out 2015! We are accepting reservations for parties of any size so swing by if give us a call at 781-446-6950
Hope to see you here!!!
#newyearseve #juniperwellesley #shortribs #poachedlobster, Check out Juniper on Phantom Gourmet featured on myTV38 this coming Saturday 26th @10:30AM! Then come on down to join us for the real deal and try some of our signature dishes and cocktails!
#PhantomGourmet #juniperwellesley #charredoctopus, Warm doughy pita with Lebanese Matbucha #cookedsalad, Check us out on the Phantom Gourmet tomorrow at 11AM and 11PM. 

Here's to you on our patio, glass of rose in hand. Soon!!, Come see what Ashley is stirring tonight, Team Juni. What blizzard?, Juniper is open tonight!! Come see Dave and co in the snow!!!, Thanks for sharing Ogusky Ceramics and thanks to everyone who joined us earlier tonight. We will update you when the segment airs!, @juniperwellesley coming to a store near you?!, NYE at Juni #nofilter, Best suburban restaurant of the year!! 

Happy New Year everyone, See you tomorrow night!, null, Happy Thanksgiving!!, Whoot Whoot, Come see Dave and co tonight at Juniper. We're now open 7 days a week!!, null, Congrats to the team at Sweet Basil consistently awesome for nearly 15 years!, Cutest carrot ever. Farro "risotto" #nofilter, Not a bad day for lunch on our patio! Sweet Basil, Nice one Katie Kitendaugh. Might I add that our pumpkin cheesecake is also Gluten Free! Zagat, Thrillist This time he’s going Eastern Mediterranean, and there are many unique bites throughout the menu. For mezze and spreads, nosh some lamb tartare, baharat-spiced crispy oysters, and smoked eggplant baba ghanoush. Then stuff yourself with..., null, null, null, Check out our fancy new website! www.juniperwellesley.com, We're Hiring!!, null, Here, wine experts reveal their favorite bottles costing less than $17. Many of the selections are lesser known but absolutely worth the search.

Who: Matt Kaplan, general manager at Juniper.

What: 2013 Cooper Mountain Vineyards Pinot Gris, Willamette Valley, Oregon 
, See you tonight!, Our restaurant is only as good as our people! Please spread the word!!, null, null, null, www.juniperwellesley.com, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, I love lamp, null, Thirsty?, null, null, null, null)