List(Chinese Foreign Direct Investment or "FDI" to the United States is expected to hit an all time high in 2016, but rejected offers and criticism of China by some U.S. presidential candidates is causing some to question whether the United States is welcoming investments from China., China's growth is set to slow further after expanding nearly seven percent last year. This has taken a toll on countries dependent on energy exports to China like Nigeria. Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari is on a five-day trip in Beijing to talk trade., When the idea of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank was first bandied about, the U.S. and its allies spoke against it., Two talented Congolese 'judokas' are getting a lot of extra attention as Rio gears up for the games. They both escaped their country's civil war and received asylum in Brazil in 2013., A gay couple in Hunan Province, China wanted to register their marriage but the local registry office refused. The couple says there's no explicit wording that outlaws same-sex marriage so they sued. CCTV's Xia Ruixue reports., Just 143 of the 400 members of Parliament voted in favor of the motion, with the African National Congress closing ranks behind its embattled leader., Some species of cactus are threatened with extinction. Biologists across the Americas have produced a comprehensive study after assessing over 1,400 types., China has released a road map on genetically modified organisms and crops, giving priority to the development of non-edible cash crops., Last week, an elite Peruvian Catholic group admitted that its founder and former leader is guilty of the accusations of sexual and physical abuse made against him last year., "Membership is open to the members of World Bank and ADB. It's very clear about the possibility (that Taiwan could join the AIIB)," said Jin Liqun, president of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. He was taking questions during a conversation hosted by the Asia Society on Wednesday., A group of Taiwanese residents deported from Kenya will be brought to justice in the Chinese mainland, Zhang Zhijun, head of the Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council said on Tuesday.

They were detained after being arrested for cyber-crimes accusations. Zhang said the Taiwanese had been heavily involved in telecoms and Internet fraud targeting mainlanders., Venues for the fast-approaching #Rio2016 #Olympics have been unveiled, with the opening ceremony less than four months away. #cidadeolimpica, China’s Xinhua Zidian, literally translated as Xinhua Dictionary, was honored with the titles of the “most popular dictionary” and “best-selling book (regularly updated)” by Guinness World Records on Tuesday., The case, involving millions of illegal trades of vaccines through a black market drugs ring, has ignited public ire and underscored regulatory weaknesses in the world’s second largest pharmaceuticals market., CENC reports earthquake magnitude was 7.2., The court in the central city of Changsha dismissed the suit brought against the local civil affairs bureau for refusing to issue the couple a marriage registration certificate., BREAKING NEWS: 7.2 magnitude earthquake strikes Myanmar-India border at 13:55 GMT; tremors felt in Lhasa, Tibet (CENC), The Chinese economy is changing. New opportunities are emerging, as well as the new chanllenges. To deal with the "New Normal", China has had to rethink its strategy. To better understand, let’s take a few lessons from Chinese Kung Fu. 
Video Credit: Fuxinglushang Studio, For the first time, the world is hearing from the candidates running to be the next United Nation Secretary General., Cocoa prices around the world have been on the rise and Ugandan farmers are hoping the trend means a brighter future., The International Monetary Fund’s latest world economic outlook makes for grim reading. However one exception to that gloomy picture is China, which actually got an upgrade., The European Union plans to propose the suspension of “visa free” travel for U.S. and Canadian citizens., U.S. firms have been merging with foreign companies to avoid paying taxes for years., Last week, author Cao Wenxuan became the first Chinese person to win the prestigious Hans Christian Andersen Prize for children’s books, and the international recognition is boosting sales of his books in Shanghai., In Greece and the vast tent camp in Indomeni, refugees are still reeling from a weekend confrontation with Macedonian police., A plan has been released by several government agencies, including China’s top economic planner and its football association., Foreign ministers from the Group of Seven meet in Hiroshima. What was on the agenda and is the G-7 an effective global body?, It's a terrifying new reality across northern Nigeria, Cameroon, Niger and Chad. Young girls becoming Boko Haram's deadliest weapon., China and Canada are celebrating their cultural year with a series of cultural exchanges., Syrian peace talks resume in Geneva on Wednesday. The United Nations Special Envoy for Syria said the agenda will focus on a political transition., During the spring season, The Brasenia field in Enshi Tujia, Miao Autonomous Prefecture in central China's Hubei province are filled with water. Water reflects the sky making it look like people are laboring in the clouds. (Photo from Xinhua), Chinese President Xi Jinping met Nigerian president Muhammadu Buhari in Beijing., Chang’an aims to put driverless cars into commercial use by 2018., The special congressional commission voted 38-27 to send the impeachment question to the full Chamber of Deputies – comfortably more than the 33 votes needed., Internet investors and scientists launch new faster plan to search for alien life., Chinese ride-hailing service Didi said on Tuesday that Chinese tourists will be able to use its mobile app to book rides provided by its partner Lyft when traveling in the United States starting Wednesday., Lazada, founded by Germany’s Rocket Internet in 2012, is headquartered in Singapore and also operates in Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand and Vietnam. That affords Alibaba a chance to tap the region’s growth potential, but the market is also competitive and fragmented, with only a tiny fraction of total retail sales currently conducted online., Chinese icebreaker "Xuelong", or Snow Dragon in English, is anchored in the dock in East China's Shanghai after conducting China's 32nd scientific expedition to Antarctica on Tuesday. The icebreaker, carrying a 277-member expedition team, covered about 30,000 nautical miles in the 158-day expedition., U.S. President Barack Obama confessed that his biggest mistake during his presidency was the lack of planning for the aftermath of the fall of late Libyan leader Muammar Gadhafi. Obama made the comment in a Fox News interview aired on Sunday, saying his "worst mistake" was "probably failing to plan after rightly intervening Libya"., Shen Dacheng, a 19-year-old man with no legs from Jingzhou city in Hubei Province has taken up extreme sports, defying stereotypes about disabled people in China., World-renowned British scientist Stephen Hawking opened an account on Chinese microblog Weibo on Tuesday, attracting 1.3 million followers in 8 hours.

"Greetings to my friends in China! It has been too long!" his first entry said.

Hawking is very popular in China for his work developing the Big Bang Theory and perseverance in overcoming the difficulties of his disabilities, especially among young people. Hawking's A Brief History of Time has long been a bestseller in China's bookstores., As the U.S. National Basketball Association’s regular season winds to a close, a young athlete who grew up in Africa and played in China is making a name for himself in the world’s toughest league with his play in Colorado., Peru’s presidential election is heading for a run-off between Keiko Fujimori, the daughter of former President Alberto Fujimori and most-likely, the economist Pedro Kuczynski., Diabetes treatment could soon be revolutionized, thanks to a simple patch., The growth of trade and economic ties between China and Australia is primed to explode, as Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull arrived in Beijing, along with business leaders and politicians., Several southern U.S. states face economic backlash after recent passage of pro-religious freedom and anti-gay laws., Tourist destinations can be like new restaurants: Word gets out, people create a buzz, and soon there are long lines to get in., A clearer view of where China’s economy may be headed this year could emerge Friday, when the first quarter GDP figures come out., There has been a significant drop in the number of people killed in road accidents last year in Sao Paulo. The reason is a controversial initiative that reduced the maximum speed on the city’s busiest roads., U.S. President Barack Obama said the biggest mistake of his presidency was a lack of planning for the aftermath of the fall of late Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, with the country spiraling into chaos and grappling with violent extremists., Foreign ministers from the Group of Seven industrialized nations have closed their two-day summit in the Japanese city of Hiroshima. It was chosen to highlight the dangers of nuclear war., The skin lightening industry in India has grown to more than half a billion dollars, even though the country passed laws restricting ads for skin lightening creams a few years ago, In honor of National Pet Day, take a look at the pets that make us who we are here at CCTV America:, There are more than 50,000 refugees and migrants stranded in Greece as their route to northern Europe has been blocked., A Chinese arbitration panel held a hearing Monday in what is believed to be the country’s first transgender employment discrimination case, according to the lawyer in the case., Dubai to build world’s tallest tower, Medical teams on Monday tended to hundreds of people injured in a massive fire that killed at least 110 people, while authorities searched for those responsible for illegally putting on the fireworks display that caused the weekend blaze at a Hindu temple in southern India., China will significantly boost its soccer potential in the coming years, Mesmerizing mountain scenery of China’s Anhui Province
Spring has sprung in China, and it’s a festival of colors around Wuji Mountain in east China’s Anhui Province., Dubai plans to build a tower that will surpass its Burj Khalifa, currently the world’s tallest skyscraper, as a “gift to the city before 2020”, the year Dubai hosts the world Expo trading fair. The tower will be decked with rotating balconies and elevated landscaping, inspired by the hanging gardens of Babylon. The cost is expected to be around $1 billion, according to property developer Emaar., China's largest flower field at Yangzhou’s Marco Polo Flower World is certain to amaze visitors to the city, in Jiangsu Province. The park has collected different species of flowers from across the world in preparation for its grand opening on April 18., Peruvians head to the polls to pick their next leader. The daughter of disgraced former president Alberto Fujimori is the front-runner., With the route from Turkey to Greece becoming more difficult to navigate, there are fears that refugees will look for other options., Italy is concerned that the new migrant deal between European Union and Turkey could increase migrant arrivals in the country., Chilean President Michelle Bachelet is the country's first female president and has been elected to the top post not once but twice. She was first elected president from 2006-2010 and then again in 2014., There seem to be no shortage of headlines alleging corruption and misconduct across Latin America, including major economies like Brazil and Argentina., Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull is leading the country's largest trade mission to China, almost 1,000 people from a variety of businesses., One of southern Africa's last rainforests is under threat from hundreds of illegal loggers., A massive fire swept through a temple in southern India. More than 100 died and more than 300 were injured., As Peruvian citizens vote for a new President, one of their concerns are allegations of political corruption., A new luxury cruise liner is setting sail in China, one of the world's fastest-growing markets., What happens when you pair one of the most talented and celebrated music producers in the world with a traditional Mongolian group — which has a little more than a hint of heavy metal? The end product of this union may just put the band Hanggai in the rock music history books., She’s been called “the Oprah of China”. Forbes magazine named Chinese journalist and media entrepreneur, Yang Lan, one of the world’s 100 Most Powerful Women., Judy Collins is an award-winning singer-songwriter who has captivated audiences with her signature sublime voice, and social activism, for more than four decades., Beninese-born Angelique Kidjo is a Grammy Award-winning singer, songwriter, and activist. Her creativity and unique musical style has captivated audiences around the globe., Is boxing champion Manny Pacquiao finally hanging up his gloves?, A Shanghai-based medical team will be the first in China to join the World Health Organization's emergency response system., U.S. presidential contender Donald Trump continues to provoke controversy, leaving some Americans to consider moving to another country., Historic sites in the Syrian city of Palmyra suffered greatly at the hands of ISIL., UNICEF was created in 1946 by the United Nations General Assembly to provide emergency food and healthcare to children in countries devastated by World War Two., null, Dozens of political prisoners in Myanmar are free., Ford Motor's announcement that it's building a new plant in Mexico has caused a firestorm of controversy in the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign., NASA has been setting its sights on inflatable rooms as a future tool in space exploration., In El Salvador, it's estimated someone is murdered every hour., The exclusive nature of The Masters Tournament does not only come with the champions., Sweden’s Tourism Association is launching a unique new program aimed at promoting foreign interest in Swedish culture., Political observers in the U.S. and around the world are keeping tabs on Republican candidate Donald Trump as he moves closer to securing his party’s nomination., A tea maker in Argentina has become famous for her blended teas, served to royal families, Hollywood directors, rock stars and world leaders., The burgeoning Chinese middle class is ready to set sail in style and international cruise liners are tapping the booming Chinese market., The new force is charged with fighting terrorism, organized crime, and unauthorized protests., The world is getting ready for the 2016 Olympic Games, but the host country is facing some major challenges., Since December, Pakistan has been rocked by a series of suicide bombings. One of the most devastating happened in late March, when a powerful bomb ripped through a crowded park in the provincial capital Lahore. The result killed dozens, including women and children., Cuba’s former leader, Fidel Castro, who turns 90 in August, made a rare public appearance. This is the first time Cuba’s former leader Fidel Castro has been seen in public in almost nine months., China has set new rules on imported retail goods sold over trans-border e-commerce platforms., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is in Iraq as part a larger tour of the Middle East. His trip, unannounced until he had arrived for security reasons, is partly to encourage Sunni Muslim states to step up their fight against terrorist group ISIL in Iraq and Syria. He's also calling on Iran to help solve some of the other conflicts in the region., You see the well lit interviews on TV, but here is a behind the scenes look at what goes into setting up.  Watch the full interview with Chilean President Michelle Bachelet Sunday on Americas Now.  

Sunday at 7 p.m. eastern or 7 a.m. Beijing time on CCTV America. You can also watch via your web-connected device at: www.cctvamericalive.com, The suspect, Mohamed Abrini, is believed to be the mysterious “man in the hat” who escaped the double bombing at the Zaventem airport, according to one of the French officials. If true, that would mean Abrini had a key role in both attacks carried out by the Islamic State cell that left a total of 162 people dead — 130 in Paris and 32 in Brussels., China is raising fees on packages ordered from abroad and cracking down on smugglers who carry in suitcases full of luxury goods, in a concerted effort to encourage shopping at home and squeeze a gray market that shoppers use to avoid tax., A collection of Chinese antiques bought by a farmer for only 100 pounds per item several decades ago has sold for 45.9 million pounds ($64.6 million), British media reported Thursday., Beijing on Friday rejected Vietnam’s demands that China remove an oil exploration rig from a sea area where the countries are still negotiating a delineation of control., Energy wastage on wind farms in China worsened in 2015, as plunging utilization rates kept 33.9 billion kilowatt hours (kWh) from being delivered to the grid, the energy regulator said, the equivalent of a fifth of total generated wind power., Paris police officials confirm Mohamed Abrini, key suspect in the Nov. 13 attacks in Paris has been arrested:, Belgian broadcaster VRT, citing sources it did not identify, said Paris attacks suspect Mohamed Abrini was among those arrested., Two bodies were found Friday morning inside a room at Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Argentina is not out of the woods when it comes to its financial crisis. A debt deal reached this week has some believing the country’s 15-year battle with creditors might be coming to an end., Malaysia-born baby giant panda was named “Nuan Nuan”, meaning "warm" in Chinese, symbolizing the "warm" relations between Malaysia and China. The name was chosen from the 22,830 suggestions collected from a national competition last year, according to the Malaysian government., Amid protests, Greece on Friday resumed deportations of refugees and migrants from its islands to Turkey after a four-day pause, sending back 124 people on two boats from Lesbos to a Turkish port., Pyongyang Marathon will open as scheduled on Sunday. It is estimated that over one thousand foreigners will take part in the competition this year., New Chinese tax rules on overseas goods purchased via the Internet began on Friday. The new rules level the playing field for e-commerce platforms and traditional retailers and importers. Overseas retail goods bought online will now be taxed the same way as other imported goods under the new rules., A number of new reports from the World Health Organisation are warning that obesity is on the rise as the world marks United Nations Health Day., The World Food Programme warns that some 795-million in the world don't have enough daily nutrition to lead a normal life. That's one in nine people., Transport hubs across Belgium and Europe has seen a boost in security measures following last month's terror attacks., A new wave of female drivers in Pakistan is pushing the boundaries set for them by men in the socially conservative country., Latin America’s top investment destination is Mexico. That’s according to a new study by the IE Business school., As the world marks World Health Day, the World Health Organization is calling for global efforts to combat diabetes. Globally, 420 million adults are living with the disease, a quarter of them Chinese., The number one reason Americans file for personal bankruptcies is medical bills. While more people are insured now than before, thanks to the government’s affordable care act, the health care costs have not come down., Medical care remains expensive in many countries around the world. Some hospitals in Africa cannot afford to have enough highly skilled doctors full time. But new software is now filling that gap and saving lives of many., After the collapse of Kenya’s cotton industry and the influx of second hand clothing from overseas, many large textile factories were forced to shut down., Large and small - there’s a new boom in space entrepreneurship., A freight train to Tehran is the first step in linking China to the West via the new Silk Road. What is the regional and global impact of Sino-Iran relations?, The Philippines is experiencing a major drought, impacting food supplies for farmers and families., Egyptian security forces have cited public safety for his absence., China made plans to combat climate change and bring down dangerous levels of air pollution by promoting the use of clean energy., Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba.com Group Holding Ltd said on Wednesday that it has surpassed Wal-Mart to officially become the world’s largest retail platform., At the invitation of Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, Sri Lankan Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe kicked off a three-day official visit to China on Thursday., A stalled construction project is expected to dominate talks during the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka's visit to Beijing. It's the prime minister's first visit to China since his new government took power last year., Belgian prosecutors have launched a public appeal for any information on the "man in hat" suspect in the Brussels Airport suicide bombings that killed 16 people., First direct train between China's Wuhan and France sets off
A freight train heading to Lyons in France has set off from Wujiashan Railway Center in Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei Province. The train, loaded with mechanical, electronic and chemical products, will pass through Kazakhstan, Russia, Belarus, Poland and Germany before reaching its destination, traveling 16 days and more than 11 thousand kilometers.
Part of China’s “Belt and Road Initiative”, the train is expected to further promote China's cooperation and economic ties with Eurasian countries., Malaysia-born baby giant #panda was named “Nuan Nuan”, meaning "warm" in Chinese, symbolizing the "warm" relations between Malaysia and China. The name was chosen from the 22,830 suggestions collected from a national competition last year, according to the Malaysian government., "The Wizarding World of Harry Potter" officially opened on Tuesday at the Universal Studios Hollywood after nearly five years of preparation., Meet the world’s best welder!
Zeng Zhengchao, a 20-year-old from southwest China’s Sichuan Province, has shown people how to make the best of the ordinary jobs after winning a gold medal for welding in the WorldSkills Competition.
At the young age of 16, Zeng put on the heavy denim jacket to start his welding career while his peers were scratching their heads over the loads of math papers needed to secure a place on a college campus., U.S. farmers are bracing themselves for another rough year, as incomes are the lowest since 2002 and no relief in sight., “WhatsApp” is an instant-messaging service used by an estimated one billion globally. And, it’s now providing full encryption., One of the world’s biggest drug company mergers has been called off., U.S. consumers are pulling out the plastic and running up their credit card debts again. Bank of America Merrill Lynch says consumer loans have jumped 11.2 percent this year., Over the past three years U.S. law enforcement has been working closely with the Mongolian government to help bring home stolen fossils., The excitement in the United States around its women's soccer team has remained high., Imagine walking into a grocery store in the middle of the night. There's no sales assistant in sight. You just pick up your food and walk right out., Falling oil prices aren't alone in posing a risk to the United State's energy giants., Food safety concerns have plagued China in recent years, among them baby formula scares. That’s why the country’s demand for imported dairy products has been surging., India's railways are getting much awaited upgrade to modernize and improve its system., 422-million adults around the world are living with diabetes., Terrorism in Paris and Brussels and a massive refugee crisis have dominated the headlines - but those are only a few of the daunting challenges facing the European Union., Following Washington D.C., Beijing held an international nuclear fair., Changes in the laws are aimed at easing any nation's burden of accepting refugees., Students from a university in Nanjing city lock lips as a way to “build trust and friendship.”, The research satellite will focus on microgravity, as well as effects of space on animal and insect biology. Watch video of the launch., Watch a sneak peek of the single "Going Home" on this story. 
The album is the musical companion to the documentary film “The Music of Strangers: Yo-Yo Ma and the Silk Road Ensemble” that tells the story of the ensemble and will be released in theaters in June., Divorce is expensive. Especially for the rich and famous. Check out some of the most dollars dished out on this story., Hepatitis B, strikes 240 million people worldwide each year. But among Asians, the rates are even higher, impacting one in ten.
That’s why health agencies, including in the United States are featuring Asians in their public health campaigns.
So why are rates of Hepatitis B so high among Asians and why is the danger routinely overlooked by patients and their doctors?, Zhang Daqian painting Peach Blossom Spring sold for record $3.49 million in Sotheby's Hong Kong auction #auctionrecord.
(Photo: Reuters), Construction of lighthouse completed on Zhubi Reef in South China Sea
China's Ministry of Transport on Tuesday held a completion ceremony for the construction of a lighthouse on Zhubi Reef, marking the start of its operation. The lighthouse can provide efficient navigation services such as positioning reference, route guidance and navigation safety information to ships, which can improve navigation management and emergency response., China’s first scientific experiment satellite on microgravity, the SJ-10, was successfully launched at the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in Jiuquan, northwest China's Gansu Province, on April 6. The satellite was carried by a Long March 2-D rocket and will aid scientists in studying microgravity and space life science. The probe will have 19 experiments to explore space life science and focus on microgravity. Let’s take a look at its launch., Man sleeping on a rope brings Kung Fu novel to life
A Chinese man has brought a famous Kung Fu novel to “life”. Louis Cha’s famous martial art novel, Return of the Condor Heroes, has stories about people being able to sleep on a rope. One man from Bijie city, Guizhou Province has brought these amazing stories to life by “sleeping” on a rope. Take a look at his performance., Giant gator gunned down by Florida farmer
A brave farmer and a hunting guide in Okeechobee, Florida, shot and killed a 15-foot and 800-pound alligator that had been attacking and eating cows on his farm., Yao Ming charted a new course for Chinese players in basketball. Now, he's heading to the NBA Hall of Fame., Peruvians are preparing to elect a new president. The front-running candidate is Keiko Fujimori, the daughter of the jailed former president Alberto Fujimori who governed the country in the 1990s., Single American women have the potential to be one of the most powerful voting groups in this year’s U.S. presidential election., Single American women have the potential to be one of the most powerful voting groups in this year’s U.S. presidential election., Throughout the world, diamonds are seen as symbols of everlasting love. But sometimes life gets in the way, and that precious stone has to go., Syrian troops and allies have captured another town controlled by ISIL. The push into the town of Al-Qaryatain deals another setback to terror group., It’s no surprise that China’s social structures are changing as rapidly as the economy. GDP growth has also led to more choices in terms of lifestyle and work. Unfortunately, the number of divorces in the Chinese mainland has also exploded., Pork is one of China’s favorite sources of meat. But since early March, more markets around the country have been raising their prices., U.S. basketball great Kobe Bryant will soon be hanging up his Los Angeles Lakers jersey and retiring., Over the last few years, the Kurds have been in the news for their prominent role in the fight against ISIL in Iraq and Syria., Dengue fever is a mosquito-borne virus that threatens about half the world’s population – primarily third-world countries. In anticipation of the rainy season, the Philippine government has decided to begin vaccinating 1 million school age children., In a raucous session of parliament, South African President Jacob Zuma survived his impeachment vote as opposition lawmakers walked out in protest., China may face a “bachelor crisis,” as official data showed that Chinese men will outnumber women by over 33 million by 2020. Now, some Chinese universities are trying to lift more people out of bachelorhood at an earlier age by opening “love courses.”, Chinese novelist Cao Wenxuan has been given the Hans Christian Andersen Award 2016, becoming the first Chinese national to win the “Nobel Prize for children’s literature.”
Cao’s books were “beautifully written” and “deeply humanistic”, said Patricia Aldana, the Hans Christian Andersen Jury President 2016, announcing the winner of the prize’s author award., All Chinese executive MBA (EMBA) applicants will be required to take the national post-graduate entrance exam starting from 2017, the China National MBA Education Supervisory Committee announced on its website.

EMBA enrollments will be subject to relevant admission criteria set by the Ministry of Education and will conform with national policies in this regard, it was added.

Beginning from December 1, universities will no longer be allowed to organize their own EMBA entrance exams, the committee said., China on Tuesday announced embargoes on some imports from and exports to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK).
In terms of imports, China banned purchases of coal, iron ore, gold, rare earths and several other raw minerals. Exports of aviation fuel to the DPRK are also no longer allowed., Photos: Blossoms around the world.
Click the photos to see more info.
(CFP pictures), The happiest job in China: Freelance Contractor!, A three-year-old boy has been rescued from a 90-meter-deep pump well in Weifang city of east China's Shandong Province. He fell into the well while playing and got stuck 11.8 meters down. Firefighters rushed to the site and managed to tie the boy’s right wrist and arm. The boy was lifted up after more than two hours and was found fine after a checkup in a hospital., Time for tea? Photographs capture the beauty of China's first tea harvest of the year, an event that dates back over 2,000 years.
Photographs showing farmers in Huishui County, southwest China's Guizhou Province, busy collecting tea for the April harvest during China’s annual Qingming Festival, were released by China’s state Xinhua News Agency., The Balikatan, or "Shoulder-to-Shoulder" joint military exercises between the Philippines and the United States, is underway in Manila. The drills will run for 12 days to April 15. About 9,000 Filipino and American troops are participating in the drill and US Defense Secretary Ash Carter will also observe the war games. It is the first time a US defense secretary has overseen the exercises in person since they were established more than 30 years ago., As Brazil's political crisis deepens, so does the country's ideological divide. The polarization is altering the rhythm of everyday life in the country., ‘Googling’ or checking social media to learn about the person you’re about to meet is a common practice. But how about looking up ratings for someone, whether for professional or romantic reasons?, It's being called the biggest data leak in history: Eleven and half million files dubbed "The Panama Papers" detail tax havens often used by the rich and famous., The growing population in China has put a strain on burial sites and space, especially in bigger cities., Fighting has escalated between Armenia and Azerbaijan in the mountains of Nagorno Karabakh., The Muslim Brotherhood – a political entity or terrorist organization? Some U.S. lawmakers say it’s the latter and are spearheading legislation to make it official., The first group of refugees has been sent from Greece back to Turkey, part of a recent deal between the European Union and Turkey., Beijing boasts many private museums with eccentric collections - run by equally eccentric, and passionate, owners., Baseball fans in the U.S. are excited about the first day of the regular season. And Xu Guiyuan, a young Chinese player, has a good shot in breaking into the Major Leagues., Under heavy security, authorities on the Greek islands of Lesbos and Chios deported people from 11 nations — the first in a plan that has drawn strong criticism from human rights advocates but is seen by some European nations as the only way to resolve the continent’s migration crisis., Many rural residents criticize the practice and say people like Chen have no real feelings for the deceased. Chen said she cries every day for people who have nothing to do with her largely because she needs money to support her family. But she insisted she often is really affected emotionally by the sorrow of the relatives. (Story by China Daily), While some people merely dream of changing the world, for award-winning British filmmaker Richard Curtis, it’s a reality., “Clearly this seems very likely to be human error,” U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer said. “There is virtually no excuse for a backhoe to be on an active track.”

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, null, After the Syrian army took control of Al-Qaryatain from ISIL, CCTV's Xu Dezhi visited the war-torn city and shared these photos with CCTV America.
The operation in Al-Qaryatain started March 2nd. It took a month for the Syrian army to drive ISIL from this city in the middle of Syria. 

Al-Qaryatain, located about 70 kilometers (45 miles) southeast of Homs, is a town on the ISIL supply line from eastern Syria to the Damascus countryside with a strategic position also connecting Syria with neighboring Iraq., Tin Ma Ma Htet, or “Tess” as she’s known, is not only a teacher, but a leader, too. Most importantly, she’s a storyteller.

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=139867, Since 2008, funding for the arts has been cut in 80 percent of school districts across the United States.

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=139881, By thinking outside the box, South Korean table tennis champion Soo Yeon Lee was able to “paddle” her life into a new direction.

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=139921, Pictures: Live panda sex broadcast to global audience
An essential part of Sichuan province’s Bifengxia Panda Center’s breeding program came to a climax on Sunday, as the romantic liaison between two of its pandas was live-broadcast worldwide., Want to know what dying’s really like? Try the ‘death simulator’ which lets people experience passing away and being cremated, Pictures: Pingxiang city of East China's Jiangxi province has become the latest to adopt the idea to set up special seats for breast-feeding mothers on 10 buses on four routes, a plan that has won applause from netizens across the country.

The special "breast-feeding seats" are near the door and have pink curtains mothers can draw around them for privacy. Other passengers can open the curtain and take the seat when there are no breast-feeding mothers on-board. When mothers carrying babies get on these buses, drivers will advise them to take the special seats., A design for a bicycle-operated washing machine by students at Dalian Nationalities University in China has garnered widespread interest around the world on social media., An upside-down house? Yes. It's real., Monday is China’s Qingming Festival, also known as “Tomb-sweeping” day. Armed police officers and veterans from Guangdong Provincial Border Control General Corps brought their police dogs to pay their respects at the graves of 21 police dogs that gave their lives in the line of duty, carrying out dangerous missions such as hunting down smugglers., A young baseball player from China is now in spring training in Florida hoping to make U.S. baseball history. Remember his nickname, it's "Itchy Shoe.", On the southern tip of South America there lies a nature reserve that contains some of the oldest plant life on earth. It’s called Omora Park, part of the remote region of Cape Horn in Chile.
The site is so rich in biodiversity it functions as an outdoor laboratory for scientists, environmentalists and students., For this week’s Game Changer on Americas Now, we introduce you to the leader of an organization in Mexico that strengthens communities by engaging them with stories on radio and TV.
You could call it education through entertainment. The idea is to inform people about issues like the environment through productions such as serial dramas and talk shows., A neighborhood in Panama City that was once unsafe and hazardous is now…hip. Attracting the trendy and fashionable and becoming a magnet for investors. Correspondent Harris Whitbeck visits Panama’s Casco Viejo., Mass incarceration has given the United States a reputation as a prison nation. With over 2 million inmates, many government-run prisons contract their operations outside. Correspondent Mike Kirsch reports on how private prisons are profiting from the overflow of inmates at government-run jails., A design for a bicycle-operated washing machine by students at Dalian Nationalities University in China has garnered widespread interest around the world on social media., Cruz was born to a Cuban father, who took part in Fidel Castro’s fight to overthrow dictator Fulgencio Batista. CCTV America’s Michael Voss explores Cruz’s roots from Matanzas, Cuba and discovers what some Cubans think of him., A new Florida marketing campaign is welcoming thousands from Asia, particularly China, to enjoy warm weather and the state’s the unique Latin flare., Twenty-three people died in 2014 in New Zealand as a result of crashes involving foreign drivers. But the country's Automobile Association says the death toll must be kept in perspective as only six percent of accidents are caused by foreign drivers. “Outside a few popular tourist areas, the rate of crashes among tourists is really no different than the rate of crashes among local drivers,” said Barney Irvine, of the country’s Automobile Association., Brussels airport has been empty for days since suicide bombs there and at a metro station in the city center killed 32 people and injured hundreds more. The first day of the airport reopening saw three passenger flights depart – flying to Portugal, Greece, and Italy. A makeshift departure area has been erected for people to check in., The latest from Pennsylvania, where an Amtrak crash killed two workers. CCTV America's Jessica Stone reports:, On Qing Ming, or tomb sweeping day, which takes place today, more people are also turning to environmentally-friendly ways to honor the dead., The Turkish government signed a controversial deal last month with the European Union hoping to stop the flow of Syrian refugees to Europe, especially those crossing across to Greek islands. Under the terms of the deal, Turkey is expected to take refugees who crossed illegally and are refused asylum. For each returned refugee, a Syrian migrant is to be resettled in the EU., An Amtrak train struck a piece of construction equipment just south of Philadelphia on Sunday causing a derailment, killing two people and sending more than 30 others to hospitals, authorities said. CCTV America's Jessica Stone reports from Chester, Pennsylvania. For more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=141440, More than 30 others were sent to hospitals, authorities said.
Train 89 was heading from New York to Savannah, Georgia, at about 8 a.m. when it hit a backhoe that was on the track in Chester, about 15 miles outside of Philadelphia, officials said. The impact derailed the lead engine of the train, which was carrying more than 300 passengers and seven crew members., UPDATE: Two reported killed. Details to come.

BREAKING: Train derails near Philadelphia

http://bigstory.ap.org/article/31302e11109949848814a83886adb9f0/amtrak-train-derails-near-philadelphia-injuring-some, By thinking outside the box, South Korean table tennis champion Soo Yeon Lee was able to “paddle” her life into a new direction., Since 2008, funding for the arts has been cut in 80 percent of school districts across the United States., While some people merely dream of changing the world, for award-winning British filmmaker Richard Curtis, it’s a reality., Tin Ma Ma Htet, or “Tess” as she’s known, is not only a teacher, but a leader, too.  Most importantly, she’s a storyteller., The UN predicts that by 2025, the global population of seven billion people will soar to eight billion, making the preservation of our natural resources and protection of the planet more crucial than ever., Trump's quest for the Republican presidential nomination is being fueled, in part, by his reliance and dominating presence on social media., The band was created only a month ago and has six members, but the volunteers behind it are thinking bid. They hope one day the group can even perform commercially., Many myths surround immunization in Uganda, some parents believe it causes severe disabilities in children., At a coastal town in east China, a high-temperature, gas-cooled reactor is under construction and those behind it say it will be the safest in the country., Xi made five pledges to make sure terrorists cannot get their hands on radioactive material. Experts says it shows China's firm commitment., Security forces have recaptured parts of Heet, which was one of the largest population centers in Anbar province still held by IS, but other areas remain under jihadist control. “During their advance to liberate and clear the town of Heet from the (IS) organization, security forces were able to discover a large prison,” police Colonel Fadhel al-Nimrawi said., Experts say the country is experiencing the heaviest rains and highest temperatures in two decades, due to this year’s El Nino weather phenomenon., The sporting event also delivers a political message: That Palestinians have a right to move freely beyond areas of occupation, organizers said., BREAKING NEWS from AFP News Agency:  Iraq forces free 1,500 prisoners from underground Islamic State jail in Al-Anbar province., The school reopened in January with a memorial honoring the victims. On Saturday, students wearing T-shirts with peace slogans held a run to honor those killed., Anti-Nuclear proliferation activists are making their voices heard, protesting the threat of nuclear weapons. But government leaders won’t be listening anytime soon. #NSS2016 #NIS16, As the Nuclear Security Summit comes to a close, China and dozens of other nations are looking towards the future. In addition to the work at the summit itself, there were many sideline meetings, including several conducted by President Xi Jinping., China has shrugged off the recent outlook downgrade on its sovereign credit., As world leaders gather for the nuclear security summit, there are renewed concerns terrorists could get their hands on radioactive material., Microsoft’s largest annual developer conference, Build 2016, wrapped Friday. The event managed to make a splash this week by showing off some new technologies, including HoloLens., Tong Zhao researches strategic security issues, nuclear arms control and China’s security policy. He lays out how to rein in DPRK’s nuclear program. 
Watch more of The Heat: http://global.cctv-america.com/?p=384, Matthew Cottee, who analyzes non-proliferation, nuclear security and nuclear energy, explains the challenges the next U.S. President will face in implementing nuclear non-proliferation. 
Watch more of The Heat: http://global.cctv-america.com/?p=384, Delegates and leaders from over 50 countries attended the Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C. The session opened with a sharp focus on the six nations that negotiated the nuclear agreement with Iran, as other meetings took place on the sideline., Obama at the close of the Nuclear Security Summit #NSS2016: World has removed all highly-enriched uranium and plutonium from 50 facilities in 30 countries., Debra Decker, an expert on proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and illicit trafficking, tells CCTV America how nations have worked together to reduce the threat from nuclear weapons and material. 
Watch more of The Heat: http://global.cctv-america.com/?p=384, With the threat of nuclear terrorism on the rise, China joins with world leaders to discuss security., Tune in NOW for our one-hour special wrapping up the Nuclear Security Summit: what was agreed upon, sideline deals, and how countries plan to keep nuclear materials out of the hands of terrorists., Myanmar is having a monumental year, with a flood of foreign investment and a construction boom topping the list. But the economic growth has not been fruitful for all citizens., Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at the close of the Nuclear Security Summit on the Canada-China relationship:, 40 years after the devastating Three Mile Island nuclear accident, surveys have found people have returned to the location, but with extreme caution., Watch this 360-degree view of the newly-liberated town of Palmyra in Syria. CCTV's Xu Dezhi visited the ancient town. Some of its famed archaeological sites were seriously damaged when it was occupied by ISIL., Nuclear security is a major focus for the industry worldwide. At Qinshan, China's first and largest nuclear power base, extra steps are taken for both precaution and remediation. #NSS2016 #NIS16, China is to play its due role in the P5+1 efforts to solve the Iran nuclear issue. Chinese President Xi Jinping said this at the P5+1 meeting on March 31 in Washington D.C. The P5+1 is a group of six world powers, which, refers to the UN Security Council's five permanent members (the P5), namely China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States, plus Germany.#NSS2016 #NuclearSummit #nuclear #XiVisit, Chinese President Xi Jinping met with his Argentine counterpart Mauricio Macri on Friday on the sidelines of the 4th Nuclear Security Summit in Washington D.C. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko delivers closing remarks at Nuclear Security Summit. #nss2016, Chinese President #XiJinping delivered a keynote speech at the Nuclear Security Summit in Washington D.C. on Friday. #NSS2016 #XiVisit, CCTV spoke with China’s Vice Finance Minister Zhu Guangyao on the sidelines of Nuclear Security Summit.
He talked about how much the meeting between Chinese President #XiJinping and his U.S. counterpart Barack Obama matters to global growth.#XiVisit #NSS2016, Correction: 102 nations have signed the treaty which is enough to put it in force in the coming weeks. The treaty is a binding legal agreement called the 2005 amendment to the Convention on Physical Protection of Nuclear Materials and will be administered by the International Atomic Energy Agency. #nss2016, Chinese President Xi Jinping met with his Argentine counterpart Mauricio Macri on Friday on the sidelines of the 4th Nuclear Security Summit in Washington D.C. #XiVisit #XiJinping, World leaders and heads of international organizations pose for family photo after a closed-door plenary session of the 4th Nuclear Security Summit in Washington D.C. #XiVisit #XiJinping #NSS2016, BREAKING at the Nuclear Security Summit: Barack Obama announces that 102 nations have ratified a key treaty: The Convention on Physical Protection of Nuclear Materials #NSS2016, 9 of the 30 nuclear power producing countries make up about 75 percent of the global net electrical capacity. Here's how that breaks down:

(Data: IAEA Power Reactor Information System) #NSS2016 #XiJinping #XiVisit, Tune in for our one-hour special wrapping up the Nuclear Security Summit: what was agreed upon, sideline deals, and how countries plan to keep nuclear materials out of the hands of terrorists.  Watch anywhere on your smartphone or tablet at cctvamericalive.com.

9 p.m. ET | 9 a.m. BJT | 01 GMT., Leaders from around the globe met at the White House Thursday evening for a working dinner on nuclear security threat perceptions hosted by U.S. President Barack Obama. #NSS2016 #NIS16 #XiVisit #XiJinping, Caught up with Li Wei, China's Director-General of Customs Control and Inspection at the Nuclear Security Summit and asked him what he likes to eat the most when he's in the United States. His answer: Mainly Chinese food but he likes Subway sandwiches because there's meat, veggies, and bread and it's affordable., Wei Shuang, a Chinese graduate student in the United States traveled from New York to welcome China's President Xi Jinping outside the Nuclear Security Summit. #nss2016, Watch LIVE: Opening plenary session of the Nuclear Security Summit #NSS2016 #XiVisit https://youtu.be/9uB52A9ptic, Jian Hui Wang, a visiting professor from China at the University of Maryland, explains why he's outside the Nuclear Security Summit in Washington D.C., Chinese President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Barack Obama held a bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the Nuclear Security Summit. #NSS2016 #NIS16 #XiVisit #XiJinping, Photos: Chinese President #XiJinping, President Barack Obama, and India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi, gather for a working dinner with heads of delegations of the Nuclear Security Summit in the East Room of the White House, in Washington, on Thursday. #NSS2016, In this exclusive 360° video, CCTVNEWS will steer you through the intricate operations of the Qinshan Nuclear Power Station in east China's Zhejiang Province. It is China's first nuclear power plant designed and built by the country. #NuclearSummit #NSS2016 #nuclear #XiVist, Air China responds to pilot’s live recording in cockpit
A live video of an Air China pilot making pre-flight preparations has made a sensation on Chinese social media, since it, along with other pictures, was exposed online on Thursday.
Some netizens identified the man in the video as @9000xiaobao on the Chinese Twitter-like platform, Sina Weibo, where he was verified as a pilot working for Air China.
According to the Beijing Times, a Beijing-based newspaper, the pilot was going to fly to Roma on Thursday and recorded his preparations via a live stream APP on his mobile phone. The newspaper also pointed out that it found many of his selfies and live videos on planes under his account.
This morning, Air China sent a post through its official Weibo account in response to the pilot’s behavior, defining his actions as not focused on pre-flight preparations, which is not in compliance with the company’s regulations.
Air China has also suspended the pilot from any further flights in the foreseeable future., Opening plenary session of #NuclearSecuritySummit will start from 15:00 GMT. Here's our live link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uB52A9ptic #NSS2016 #XiJinping #XiVisit, China’s efforts on nuclear security. #XiVisit #XiJinping #NSS2016, Chinese President Xi Jinping met with his Republic of Korea (ROK) counterpart Park Geun-hye on the sidelines of the 4th Nuclear Security Summit in Washington D.C. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Chinese President Xi Jinping attended a banquet hosted by US President Barack Obama for the heads of the delegations of the 4th Nuclear Security Summit. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Most of Colombia’s energy comes from hydroelectric plants. But drought-like conditions has forced leaders to seek alternative energy sources., These images by AFP photographer Joseph Eid (@JOSEPHEID1) show the ancient ruins of Palmyra, Syria before and after ISIL., Catch up on everything #NSS2016 here:, Tesla Motors is promising self-driving capabilities for its new cars. But for those drivers not willing to wait for another 2 years to get that kind of technology, there are other options., European economic growth is coming under more pressure yet again thanks to the bad loans on the books of many European banks. Now, the European Central Bank is scrambling for strategies to contain the damage and Ireland might lead some banks a a new direction., The Malaysian government is looking completely strip branding from cigarette packs, a move to discourage smokers. But they are already facing backlash from companies., All eyes may be on Nuclear Security Summit, but Washington is also hosting the Nuclear Industry Summit. Here, the industry’s greatest innovators brought the latest ideas on display. #NSS2016#NIS16, China's recent interest rate cuts were meant to boost growth and ease companies' financing burdens. But the move has had unintended consequences, especially on the country's biggest commercial banks., A British pharmaceutical company said a study shows that a cannabis-based drug may dramatically reduce seizures in patients with a specific type of epilepsy. Cannabis oil has been used to treat children with epilepsy for years in the state of Colorado, where marijuana is legal., Chinese President Xi Jinping is in Washington, D.C. to attend a two-day Nuclear Security Summit. #NSS2016 #NIS16 #XiVisit #XiJinping, Students clashed with police on the streets of Paris as hundreds of thousands protested the French government's new labor reform., As the Nuclear Security Summit brings together hundreds of world leaders to discuss nuclear safety, Russia will be noticeably absent from the proceedings., null, CCTV America interviewed former U.S. Ambassador to China Gary Locke to talk about Chinese President #XiJinping’s visit to Washington, D.C. and his attendance at the Nuclear Security Summit. #NSS2016 #NIS16 #XiVisit, South Korean held a ceremony for the remains for 36 Chinese soldiers who died in the Korean War being returned to China by the end of the week., CCTV America's Jessica Stone spots the leaders of Northeast Asia arriving at The White House for the #NSS2016 working dinner. China's President Xi Jinping (right), South Korea President Park Geun-hye (top left), Japan President Shinzo Abe (bottom left)., Togzhan Kassenova of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace on nuclear security. Watch Jessica Stone's report on the National Security Summit  #nss2016 tonight at 9pm EST http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream/, Follow our special page and social media for coverage of the Nuclear Security Summit in D.C.: http://global.cctv-america.com/  #NSS2016 #XiVisit, Video: President Obama's comments before the meeting with President Xi Jinping and the Chinese delegation during the Nuclear Security Summit in D.C. Read the complete transcript at:  http://global.cctv-america.com/?p=266  #NSS2016 #XiVisit, Video: Chinese President #XiJinping meets with U.S. President Barack Obama during the Nuclear Security Summit in Washington D.C. on Thursday.  Read the complete transcript at: http://global.cctv-america.com/?p=266 #XiVisit #NSS2016, Chinese President #XiJinping meets with U.S. President Barack Obama during the Nuclear Security Summit in Washington D.C. on Thursday. #XiVisit (Photo: AP), BREAKING NEWS: Chinese President #XiJinping meets with U.S. President Barack Obama during the Nuclear Security Summit in Washington D.C. on Thursday. #XiVisit  (Photo: AP), Oh Jiyong of the Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power Central Research Institute(KHNP-CRI) describes the APR-1400 reactor at the Nuclear Security Summit. #nss2016, Chinese President Xi Jinping meets with Prime Minister Lars Rasmussen of Denmark in Washington D.C. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Vincent Massaut of Belgian research center SCK•CEN describes this reactor model used for medical and other non-energy purposes at the Nuclear Security Summit. #NSS2016, BREAKING NEWS:
China and U.S. presidents announce another significant step in their joint climate efforts. The United States and China will sign the Paris Agreement on April 22nd and take their respective domestic steps in order to join the Agreement as early as possible this year, according to a Joint Presidential Statement.#XiJinping #XiVisit, Eric Loewen, chief consulting engineer at @ge General Electric describes its latest reactor design at the Nuclear Security Summit. #nss2016, BREAKING NEWS:
China and U.S. presidents announce another significant step in their joint climate efforts. The United States and China will sign the Paris Agreement on April 22nd and take their respective domestic steps in order to join the Agreement as early as possible this year, according to a Joint Presidential Statement., The state-run Anadolu Agency said a bomb detonated Thursday as a special forces vehicle passed by and that civilians were among the wounded., U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz and Chairman Xu Dazhe of the China's Atomic Energy Authority meet again on the sidelines of the Nuclear Security Summit. #nss2016, U.S. President Barack Obama says more must be done to rid the world of nuclear weapons.
He’s calling on Russia to further reduce its nuclear weapons stockpile. He says the U.S. and its allies will continue standing up to North Korea over its continued nuclear tests and missile launches.
#NSS2016 #XiVisit, CCTVNews survey: Who do you trust when it comes to nuclear security?, Today's  #NSS2016 chart of the day is a map -- of all the places that have nuclear weapons (blue dot), nuclear power (red dot), and are attending the Nuclear Security Summit in Washington D.C. right now. Learn more: http://global.cctv-america.com/?p=128, The summit is the fourth and last of a series of that began in 2010, that has brought together nearly 50 heads of state, the largest gathering of world leaders since the founding of the United Nations., Three top tightrope masters compete in China
An exhilarating “tightrope race” was held in Chongqing Municipality on Wednesday, with three fearless tightrope walkers vying to be named champion, in a race held on tightropes 300 meters above the ground. The three competitors, Aisikaier Wubulikasimu from China, Freddy Nock from Switzerland and Maurizio Morris Zavatta from Italy walked over a distance of 100 meters on the high wire for three rounds., Even pandas are obsessed with selfies., The 4th Nuclear Security Summit will be held at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center in Washington D.C. Let's enter the building before world leaders arrive and take a look. #XiVisit #XiJinping, 28-year-old Syrian-American swimmer Azad Al-Barazai has been training extensively to represent Syria for the 2016 Olympic games, at a time when the country is consumed by civil war and the threat of ISIL., ISIL has suffered a string of defeats in Syria and Iraq in the last few months., Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff is fighting for political survival. Her ruling coalition lost the support of Brazil’s largest party., World leaders and nuclear experts are meeting in Washington to address the security and reduction of the global nuclear stockpile., The industry for the civilian use of nuclear power is steadily growing around the world, despite the known risks., Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi has been in office for nearly two years, thanks in large part to the support of Egypt’s business community., It's a problem that confronts individuals, companies and governments around the world daily: cyber attacks., Microsoft pitched developers to join its ecosystem as it showed off its very latest technologies and platforms at the Microsoft “Build 2016” event in San Francisco., A wave of terrorist attacks across Turkey in recent months has locals on edge and tourists steering clear of the country., China has 30 nuclear power plants in operation, and another 24 under construction. Qinshan is by far the largest on the Chinese mainland, and the first built. #NSS2016 #NIS16, Despite of economic slowdown, China created more billionaires in 2015. And for the first time ever, Beijing kicked New York City out of the top spot, becoming the billionaire capital of the world., The overcrowded jail system in the United States has led to the growth of private prisons., Police and barricades all around convention center for nuclear summit., Chinese President Xi Jinping arrives in Washington D.C. for the Nuclear Security Summit #NSS2016 #NIS16 #XiVisit #XiJinping, Xi Jinping disembarks plane in Washington D.C. Watch live: http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, Xi Jinping's plane lands in Washington D.C. Watch live: http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, Watch LIVE: Chinese President Xi Jinping lands in Washington, DC #NSS2016 #NIS16, Chinese President #XiJinping will land in Washington D.C. to attend the Nuclear Security Summit on Wednesday everything. President Xi is expected to deliver a keynote speech on China's latest achievements in nuclear security and submit practical proposals on strengthening global nuclear security on Friday. #NSS2016 #XiVist, Nonproliferation Analyst Jodi Lieberman of  Argonne National Laboratory explains the importance of discussing nuclear security at the Nuclear Industry Summit in D.C. #Nis16 #nss2016, Chinese President Xi Jinping wrapped his three-day visit to the Czech Republic Wednesday. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Taylor Brooks, a Scoville Peace fellow at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, explains why he's at the Nuclear Industry Summit in D.C. and what concerns him the most about nuclear security.#NSS2016 #XiVisit, null, China and the U.S. are working together to improve nuclear security. The Nuclear Security Center of Excellence in Beijing is the result of years of cooperation and exchange. Rose Eilene Gottemoeller, the Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security for U.S. Department of State, tells CCTV America why this center was decided to built in Beijing. #NSS2016 #XiVisit, Follow our special page and social media for coverage of the Nuclear Security Summit in D.C. #NSS2016 #XiVisit, Hover over map in link to view points. Blue dot: Has nuclear weapons. Red dot: Has nuclear power. Gray dot: Attending Nuclear Security Summit.#NSS2016 #XiVisit, Are terror attacks in the west like what happened in Brussels getting more attention than attacks in other parts of the world?, On the sidelines of the Nuclear Security Conference, the Fissile Materials Working Group (FMWG), is meeting featuring top experts who will examine security gaps. The group will also work with the Nuclear Industry Summit on Thursday and hold a joint session on nuclear security including making nuclear materials and facilities as safe and secure as possible., With Nuclear Summit coming to DC, security fences going up. #NSS2016  #NIS16, Find out what nuclear power plants are near you.#NSS2016 #XiVisit, Yukiya Amano, Director General of International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), talked to CCTV America on how China is addressing global nuclear security. #NSS2016 #XiVisit, China's foreign policy relating to nuclear weapons: #NSS2016 #NIS16, A two-year-old boy whose nickname is Shi Tou, meaning “stone”, reportedly has a hobby a little different from other babies his age. The toddler is, according to his mother and father, a huge #paragliding fan, and recently completed his first flight accompanied by his father in February at an altitude of 600 meters., Leaders from more than 50 countries will gather in Washington DC on Thursday and Friday for the 4th Nuclear Security Summit. US President Barack Obama plays host to the event, which will discuss plans with global leaders to promote nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation.#NuclearSummit #NSS2016 #nuclear, Exclusive CCTVNEWS survey reveals how the public thinks about nuclear safety ahead of the Nuclear Security Summit. Starts on March 31st in Washington D.C. #NSS2016 #XiVisit, CCTVNews visited China’s first nuclear power station in the Chinese mainland for an exclusive peek inside. #NSS2016, Leaders and delegates from 56 nations and organizations are making their way to Washington to attend the annual Nuclear Security Summit that kicks off Thursday., Visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping met with the Mayor of Prague, Adriana Krnacova, on Tuesday afternoon and received a special token when he was presented with a key to the Czech capital city. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Chinese president Xi Jinping pays a three-day state visit to the Czech Republic on March 28-30, 2016. It's Xi's first visit to the Central-Eastern Europe (CEE) region since he took office in 2013. It is also the first visit of a Chinese head of state since diplomatic ties were established between the two countries 67 years ago. Officials and experts believe this historic visit will usher in a new stage in China-Czech relations in particular, as well as China-CEE relations in general. #XiVisit #XiJinping, The friendship trees President Xi has planted over the years, Chinese and Czech presidents attended the China-Czech Business Round Table on Wednesday. In his speech, Chinese President Xi Jinping said that both sides should foster a sense of community of common destiny to jointly address the challenges in global economy and achieve common development through strengthened cooperation and coordination. #XiVisit #XiJinping, The biggest challenge for many recovered drug addicts is finding and keeping a job. In southwest China, one local government is trying to make the process easier., It’s one of the most iconic names in corporate history: the Rockefeller family, which made its fortune in the first American oil boom., The flurry of deals and official agreements in Prague are just the latest developments in a long-standing relationship between China and the Czech Republic. #XiVisit #XiJinping, It's no secret that Chinese travelers are the biggest spenders of any tourist group., Australian researchers hope a new portable head monitor will change the way sports deal with concussions., President Xi Jinping signed a strategic agreement with his Czech Republic counterpart during a three day visit to the country. #XiVisit #XiJinping, As casualties in Mexico’s war on drugs mount, a new study found the influx of weapons in the last five years has risen more than 300 percent., Chinese President Xi Jinping and his Czech counterpart Milos Zeman attended a press conference on Tuesday. #XiVisit #XiJinping, China and the Czech Republic on Tuesday agreed to elevate their ties to a strategic partnership during Chinese President Xi Jinping's first state visit to the country, as the two nations inked a host of intergovernmental agreements to promote ties in various areas. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping met with the leader of the Czech Chamber of Deputies here Tuesday on further promoting bilateral ties and China-Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) cooperation. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka here on Tuesday, believing that China-Czech ties have been ushered into a new era. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Despite claims she "won't resign for any reason whatsoever," Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff is facing a political crisis in her country., Doctors in Guangzhou, China used stem cells to restore eyesight to children with cataracts. It’s the first time scientists have been able to re-grow lenses in children., The World Health Organization said that it’s confident in China’s vaccine distribution and manufacturing. But, the public remained skeptical following recent scandals., While it's been one week since the deadly terror attacks in Brussels, Belgians are trying to get back to their everyday routines., Located in the northeast of Beijing, the Center has cutting edge equipment and training facilities. It will address China’s training requirements and it can also provide a forum for bilateral and regional best practices exchanges and serve as a venue for demonstrating advanced technologies related to nuclear security. #NSS2016 #XiVisit, null, CCTV America reporter Wang Guan explains China's nuclear security stance ahead of the Nuclear Security Summit in Washington D.C. March 31-April 1. See our full coverage of the summit at: http://global.cctv-america.com/ #NSS2016 #XiVisit, Do you remember 9-year-old boy He Xiongfei, the young dancer who became an online celebrity after a video of him practicing Latin dance went viral? Xiongfei is 1.4 meters tall and weighs 65 kilograms, and has been practicing Latin dance for two years to lose weight. The latest video of him showing off his moves sees him wow the crowds with a new dance partner! Take a look at the pair dancing together in perfect harmony., Chinese President Xi Jinping and Czech President Milos Zeman meet with junior ice hockey and football players from both countries at the Czech presidential palace on Tuesday. Both presidents received a team shirt as a gift. #XiJinping #XiVisit, China and the Czech Republic on Tuesday decided to establish strategic partnership during Chinese President Xi Jinping's first state visit to the country. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Chinese President Xi Jinping attends a welcoming ceremony held by Czech President Milos Zeman in Prague. #XiVisit #XiJinping, null, The Hijacker was taken into custody after he released all the passengers and crew unharmed. His surrender ended an hours-long standoff at Larnaca airport on the island nation’s southern coast. The hijacker had earlier freed most of the passengers but kept on board seven people — four crew members and three passengers., Video: Chinese President #XiJinping and his Czech counterpart Milos Zeman signed a joint statement on Tuesday, elevating bilateral ties between both countries to the strategic partnership level. #XiJinping #XiVisit, Chinese President Xi Jinping meets with Czech President Milos Zeman at the Lany presidential chateau in central Bohemia, Czech Republic, March 28, 2016. Xi started a three-day state visit to the Czech Republic from Monday, the first state visit by a Chinese president in 67 years since the two countries established diplomatic ties. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Czech Monkey King vs. Chinese Monkey King, which one do you like?
The image on the right was created by late Czech artist Zdenek Sklenar in 1960 and is used as an illustration for the Czech edition of the classical Chinese novel Journey to the West. The one on the left is a well-known animated figure in China, which made its debut in 1961 in a movie adapted from the same novel., Video: Chinese President Xi Jinping attended a welcome ceremony in Czech Republic #XiVisit #XiJinping, Chinese martial arts (or Wushu), have a broad influence in the Czech Republic. Since the 1990s, many young people have come to China, chasing their Kung Fu dream. #XiJinping #XiVisit, Since the day he entered the United States presidential race, Donald Trump has led the pack of Republicans., The efforts of Prime minister Shinzo Abe to reform Japan's economy, so-called Abenomics, are increasingly under the spotlight. Many economists say the program isn't having the desired impact., The only person charged in connection with the the deadly Brussels terror attacks has been freed from police custody., Tickets to the $5.5 billion park’s June 16th opening were snapped up within minutes of going on sale at midnight.  Shanghai Disney has also announced that cartoon costumes, scooters, selfie sticks, folding stools, water guns and kites are banned from the park. Visitors above the age of 16 are also prohibited from wearing masks, including pollution masks., For nearly two decades, Journalist Chris Hedges worked as a foreign correspondent in Central America, the Middle East, Africa and the Balkans., Foreign companies are very keen on opportunities in the Chinese mainland., The European Space Agency and Russia's Roscosmos have collaborated on a new probe that's heading to Mars., The Czech Republic has a lot of industrial potential, but it has lagged behind its neighbors like Poland and Hungary. As relations with China warm, the country is looking for new investment.#XiVisit #XiJinping, Chinese President Xi Jinping is in Prague for an historic three-day visit to the Czech Republic.#XiVisit #XiJinping, Chinese President Xi Jinping meets with Czech President Milos Zeman at the Lany presidential chateau in central Bohemia, Czech Republic, March 28, 2016. Xi started a three-day state visit to the Czech Republic from Monday, the first state visit by a Chinese president in 67 years since the two countries established diplomatic ties. #XiVisit #XiJinping, The Syrian government has reclaimed the historic city of Palmyra to fight against ISIL., Capitol Police shot a man on Monday after he pulled a weapon at a U.S. Capitol checkpoint. The suspect was taken to a local hospital and a female bystander sustained non-life-threatening injuries.  

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, A new partnership between one of Somalia's largest banks and Visa credit cards could be a vital step in improving its global banking system., South Korea is preparing to repatriate more remains of Chinese soldiers killed during the Korean War. This is the third time Seoul has worked directly with Beijing, without going through Pyongyang., The Pakistani government said it will launch a paramilitary crackdown on Islamic militants., The U.S. Capitol Police in Washington D.C. said that they have a shooter in custody after gunshots were fired at the Capitol Visitors Center Monday afternoon. One police officer was shot, but not seriously, police said., BREAKING NEWS from the Associated Press: Capitol officials say one Capitol police officer shot, not seriously, shooter in custody. Police ordered a shelter-in-place after report of shots. Congress and White House now on lockdown after reports of shooting on Capitol Hill., Video: When Beijing meets Prague #XiVisit #XiJinping, Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived at the Czech presidential residence Lány Castle on the outskirts of Prague for a welcome banquet, hosted by his Czech counterpart President Milos Zeman. #XiVisit #XiJinping, The new Disneyland in Shanghai won’t have its grand opening until June 16. But as the first of its kind in Chinese mainland, the fantasy park has already been on spotlight in Chinese media outlets. The construction work is almost completed and the resort will start selling tickets from March 28. Meanwhile, here are some aerial photos to get you excited., A giant pink fish art installation appeared by the Wuzhen “theater on the river” in east China’s Zhejiang Province on Sunday.
Made of swimming kickboards, the ‘Floating Fish’ is the creation of Dutch artist Florentijn Hofman, father of the iconic giant rubber duck which has been floating around the world’s landmarks since 2007., The price for Starwood Hotels continues to rocket higher, with the latest bid from China insurance company Anbang and its partners crossing the $15 billion mark., Things you need to know before Nuclear Security Summit
On March 31st world leaders will convene at the 4th Nuclear Security Summit in Washington D.C. to discuss issues around the evolving threat of global nuclear terrorism.
#NSS2016 #NuclearSecuritySummit #nuclear #XiVisit #XiJinping, Sino-Czech trade in numbers #XiVisit #XiJinping, The Czech Republic has a good reputation for its beer, considered by Czech people as a national beverage. Czech beer is now trying to reach out to distant countries such as China. #XiVisit #XiJinping, President Xi Jinping arrives in Prague for state visit to the Czech Republic #XiVisit #XiJinping, The Czech Republic dispatched two Gripen fighters to escort Xi's plane, as soon as it entered the country's airspace. #XiVisit #XiJinping, More than fifteen years ago, President Andres Pastrana engaged in formal peace talks with the FARC., Did you know nearly half of the FARC fighters are women?, This company wants you to be able to *really* get into the game., Once again, one person’s trash is another’s treasure., null, Shark attacks increased in in several Australian beaches in 2015. Here's what's being done to change that., It was billed as a ‘March Against Fear’ – a chance for people in Brussels to stand united and defiant in the face of the ongoing terror threat. But it was called off amid security fears., Pakistan, a nuclear-armed nation of 190 million people, is plagued by a Taliban insurgency, criminal gangs and sectarian violence. Punjab is its biggest and wealthiest province., Syria said it has won the Battle of Palmyra, handing ISIL a major blow. The Army says the last ISIL militants have now retreated., At first glance, Saeeda Etebari looks like any other 27-year-old Afghan woman.

But what you do not see is a girl born in a tent of a refugee camp in Pakistan, afflicted with meningitis as a baby which left her unable to hear, and who is now on her way to becoming a world-class jewelry maker., Once the law goes into effect, 136 goods from 74 countries will be targeted. Some of the goods include electronics and toys from China. Garments from Argentina, coffee from Cote d’Ivoire, and textiles from Ethiopia., The park had been particularly busy on Sunday evening due to the Easter holiday weekend., With a high standard set by the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games, the Chinese people will present to the world a fantastic, extraordinary and excellent 2022 Olympic Winter Games as well. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Quotable quotes from Xi’s signed article on Czech newspaper #XiVisit #XiJinping, Located in the southwestern part of China, Guizhou Province is surrounded by green hills and clear water. It has fascinating scenic spots such as Libo Zhangjiang Scenic Spot in Libo county, home to mysterious Karst landscapes, Fanjing Mountain, and Chishui Scenic Area. Besides, Guizhou is settled with the one-Thousand-Household Miao Village of Xijiang, the biggest Miao village in the world. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Czech President Milos Zeman spoke about a not-so-friendly past of China-Czech relations, and how this relationship changed. #XiVisit #XiJinping, The story of noodles

Noodles are a staple food in many parts of China. Find out why they are so important and learn to cook your own Chinese-style noodles in this video. Time to say goodbye to highly processed instant noodles. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Intensive cooperation between China and countries in Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) in recent years propelled by the Belt and Road Initiative has taken their relations on a track of fast development. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Her critical research culminated in her developing two innovative new flu vaccines, 114 billion doses of which saved lives across China and South East Asia., The target of the military operation is to get to Palmyra. But to do this the army has to take the surrounding mountains that overlook the city -- a task that can be extremely challenging with ISIL militants having the high ground., For more on the attacks, the arrests, and what to expect next, CCTV America was joined by Jean Bricmont. He’s professor of theoretical physics at the University of Louvain in Belgium. He’s also the author of “Humanitarian Imperialism: Using Human Rights to Sell War.”, In the Czech Republic, the cartoon character of the Little Mole is as much of a symbol of the country as the Giant Panda is for China. Now, the two animals are teaming up in a new cartoon series. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Per capita, Belgium has the highest number of foreign fighters who’ve joined the so-called Islamic State. Dozens have roots in Molenbeek – a rundown district in Brussels – which became known as a hotbed for radicalism following the Paris terror attacks., China In A New Five-Year Plan: More Scientific And Sustainable Economic Growth #XiVisit #XiJinping, #XiVisit #XiJinping, #XiVisit #XiJinping, #XiVisit #XiJinping, #XiVisit #XiJinping, "She made me feel like I exist,” Sajeda, a Syrian refugee, said of 87-year-old Helga Kissell, a WWII refugee., In the heat of Cuba’s revolution from the 1960s to the 1980s, foreign bands such as The Rolling Stones were considered subversive and blocked from the radio. Rock music such as the Stones’ wasn’t officially prohibited in public, but it was disapproved of.

Friday, they gave a free concert in Havana., You can't take these two anywhere..., Officials said more than 100 people are still hospitalized in both Belgium and France. More than half of those are in intensive care, with many others in burn units., #XiVisit #XiJinping, Full text of Chinese President Xi Jinping's article on Czech newspaper #XiVisit #XiJinping, A glimpse of China and Czech Republic #XiVisit #XiJinping, Japanese artist Tomoko Sawada says Americans often tell her she looks Korean or Chinese or a number of other East Asian ethnicities. The experience inspired her to open a new exhibit in Los Angeles, called "Facial Signature.", Neighbors in one of Rio de Janeiro's slums are fighting back against soaring electricity prices with a solar energy project. It was developed by a nonprofit organization with ambitious dreams of providing cheap energy to Rio's poor communities., The four-day Boao annual forum has concluded in China's Hainan Province. And the agenda focused on how Asia adapts to economic challenges., While much of the world's attention has been focused on the flow of refugees from Syria, a steady stream of immigrants continues to pour into the United States., Intense terror sweeps in Brussels, days after those deadly attacks at the airport and metro. Three separate raids lead to new arrests. One man even reportedly caught with a backpack full of explosives., There seems to be an app for everything these days. And with around two million apps now in the Google Play store alone, it's hard for app developers to stand out from the crowd., Starting Block looks at startups disrupting business as usual. This segment explores startups that only cater to half the population - women and girls., Malaysia is facing unusually hot weather. Extreme droughts have led to closure of schools, and have left farmers on the dry. But one industry is benefiting from the heat, a mainstay of Malaysia's economy., Early spring in Anhui Province, China #XiVisit #XiJinping, Turkey's Energy Minister has just wrapped-up a four-day visit to China. Topping the agenda is a way to quench Turkey's thirst for energy., Mobile payment is part of the industry that's getting nuclear-level hot. There's no doubt the sector's biggest player is Alipay., A deadly terror attack in Brussels claims more than 30 lives. And, a significant step forward in United States and Cuba relations., A group of refugees will compete at the summer Olympics in Rio. One of them is 18-year-old Yusra Mardini. She arrived in Germany from Syria in August after literally swimming for her life., China In A New Five-Year Plan: More Equal And Harmonious Sharing Development #XiVisit #XiJinping, Peru’s electoral board has rejected a move to bar the leading presidential candidate Keiko Fujimori from the first round of elections set for April 10th., The Brussels terror attacks have intensified concerns over the future of the EU's open-border system., No terrorist group in history has harnessed technology to spread its propaganda as effectively as ISIL.
What is their message and how do they spread it? ISIL uses social media on the internet to recruit new fighters, preach its religious ideology, promote life in the so-called caliphate and perhaps most importantly to spread fear., China confirmed one of its citizens Deng Jing Quan died in the Brussels attacks-his English-speaking friends called him "Frank."  PHOTO/Twitter  #recherchebruxelles   MORE about the victims at: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=137793, In a city that's home to international institutions including the European Union and NATO, the victims in the attack came from Belgium and around the world. The Chinese government has confirmed that one Chinese national, surname Deng, has died., For some lighter news in a heavy news week -- The National Zoo in Washington D.C. released this video of Giant Panda Tian Tian taking a bath., The new policy is 30 days longer than the previous allowance., These arrests are believed linked to the arrest of Reda Kriket in France on Thursday. Kriket was convicted in absentia of terrorist activities last year along with the suspected ringleader of the deadly Nov. 13 attacks on Paris., #XiJinping #XiVisit, Pentagon says Abd ar-Rahman Mustafa al-Qaduli (aka Haji Imam) killed by U.S. forces., Abd ar-Rahman Mustafa al-Qaduli killed by U.S. forces., BREAKING News via Reuters: Senior Islamic State commander likely killed: U.S. officia: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=137794, #XiJinping #XiVisit, #XiJinping #XiVisit, The historical visit of the U.S. President Barack Obama may have come to an end, but it could only be the beginning for better relations between the two states., #XiVisit #Xijinping, A two-day summit just wrapped up in Beijing, focusing on clean technology., Columbia's government and the left-wing FARC rebel group are close to a deal that would end half-a-century of armed conflicts., Tonight from #Havana- an historic concert #StonesCuba, Vietnam’s rice region is facing the worst drought to date. Over half a million people have been affected, and the country could lose one million tons of its staple food., Harrowing new video has emerged showing Brussels airport shortly after Tuesday's terror attack., The FBI and Bangladeshi authorities are now jointly investigating one of the biggest and boldest transnational cyber theft cases in the world., As the world celebrates the World Water Day this Tuesday, an international agency Oxfam, says access to safe water and sanitation by Nigerians remains a major challenge, affecting mostly women. Nigeria has about 39 percent of her population still lacking access to safe or clean water sources., With ISIL threatening more attacks, some analysts are suggesting European airports adapt an Israel approach to securing terminals from terrorists.  CCTV's Stephanie Freid reports., European Union countries will exchange information on the tax affairs of multinational companies under new rules backed by EU finance ministers, a move aimed at ensuring that big companies pay their fair share into government budgets., Much of the attention focuses on the disproportionately large numbers of African American males and Latinos serving time in the U.S., On Thursday, Argentina commemorated the 40th anniversary of the 1976 coup which brought to power a brutal military dictatorship that left around 30,000 people killed. &nbsp;U.S. President Barack Obama, on his second day in the country, visited a memorial site to honor those who died, which stirred more debate and controversy, In Latin America’s largest rebel army, the FARC, almost half of the members are female., #XiJinping #XiVisit, BREAKING NEWS via Associated Press: Belgian prosecutors say 6 people detained in probe into airport, subway attacks, The suspects are believed to have been part of a cell linked to the Islamic State group, which claims responsibility for the attacks.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Comedian Garry Shandling who created the 'Larry Sanders Show' creator, dies at 66., How does ISIL get its money? According to the U.S. Treasury Department, ISIL is the wealthiest terror group in the world, racking up $500 million in black market oil sales. CCTV America' Jim Spellman tells us more in this video.
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Loved ones are using #recherchebruxelles to find those still missing in Brussels attacks., Johan Cruyff, who revolutionized football as the personification of "Total Football," has died. He was 68. Joaquin Munoz of the Cruyff Foundation in Barcelona said he died in the Spanish city as a result of lung cancer. Obsessed by football to the end and ever the positive thinker, Cruyff only last month said his recovery was going well., #XiJinping #XiVisit, BREAKING: The Yugoslav war crimes tribunal found Karadzic guilty of orchestrating Serb atrocities throughout Bosnia's 1992-95 war that left 100,000 people dead., #FindingHemingway in #Cuba. Renewed relations with the U.S. brings hope for refurbishing and improvements to the fragments of his history on the island., The first Lancang-Mekong river cooperation leader’s meeting kicks off today. CCTV’S Guan Yang reports from Xishuangbanna in the southern part of Southwest China’s Yunnan province., One of Argentina’s most famous exports is beef. But exports have dropped in recent years, partly due to new domestic policies. President Mauricio Macri hopes that his new measures will help boost agricultural exports., After three years of construction, a Chinese-built toll road has opened on the island country of Jamaica. The project marks the biggest Chinese investment in the Caribbean to date and officials said there's more to come., U.S. hospitals and clinics are increasingly facing cyber attacks, often aimed at obtaining valuable patient information. Medical providers said they’re busier than ever trying to ward off hackers., A major development in the Brussels Terror Attacks. The person who authorities believe made the bombs in both the Brussels and Paris attacks is now believed to be dead., BREAKING NEWS via Associated Press: Australian officials say debris found in Mozambique likely came from the missing Malaysian plane, BREAKING NEWS via Associated Press: State media report 19 miners killed in coal mine accident in northern China, Brussels is a city in mourning. Overwhelmed in grief, people gathered to pay tribute to those killed and wounded in Tuesday's terrorist attacks., From the warmth of the initial handshake to sharing the excitement of a baseball game, U.S. President Barack Obama's historic trop to Cuba was full of symbolism for the start of a new era., Vietnamese officials have asked farmers to postpone sowing their rice crop until mid-May as the country struggles against the worst drought in recent memory., You're going to need sprouts, apples, garlic, vinegar, spices, dried fruit, and a certain kind of pudding. Elmira Jafari walks you through how to properly set the spring festival table., Brooklyn District Attorney Kenneth Thompson said justice will be served if the now-former officer serves probation., U.S. President Obama's trip to Cuba got a lot of attention. CCTV America's correspondent Gerry Hadden shows you more about the people and lifestyles in in our documentary, "Reinventing Cuba."  Watch it at this link., The Islamic State, Daesh, ISIS, ISIL. CCTV America's Jim Spellman breaks down the most feared terrorist organization in the world. Where did it come from? What do they want? 
Watch the video to learn more and comment below on how you think ISIL should be dealt with., Police in eastern China have detained 37 people implicated in a scandal involving the selling of poorly refrigerated and probably ineffective vaccines., Two brothers are suspects in the Brussels attacks. Ibrahim El Bakraoui, a suicide bomber at the airport,and Khalid El Bakraoui, who targeted the subway. 

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, The bells of Belgium’s oldest university rang out to the tune of John Lennon’s "Imagine" last night, writes The Guardian’s Oliver Milne.
 
“Hope must survive”, tweeted the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, sharing a short video of its library bells playing the anthem for global peace and understanding:, “President Macri recognizes that we’re in a new era, and we have to look forward,” Obama said before the visit., Belgium's chief prosecutor says investigators have found 15 kilograms (33 pounds) of TATP explosives at the house which the suspects in the Brussels attacks left from for the airport., Air and rail operations in Brussels were temporarily suspended and a massive manhunt is underway as Belgian police hunt for a suspect caught on airport closed-circuit cameras this morning, walking beside two other suspects., The Colombian government has ordered bullets be turned into pens to commemorate an impending peace accord with the FARC rebel group., Tuesday is United Nations World Water Day, and it's also when spring irrigation starts in many parts of China. In Central China's Henan province, the local government is helping farmers modernize their irrigation methods, to get the most out of every drop of water., An economy geared at lazy person in all of us is gaining traction in China. Known as online-to-offline commerce or the lazier “O2O”, companies offer consumers the ability to order online products to enhance their offline experiences — covering nearly every aspect of life. The market size of this commerce is estimated to reach more than 410 billion yuan ($63 billion)., U.S. President Barack Obama left his most important speech for his final day in Havana, a televised address shown live in Cuba outlining his vision of the future. With Cuba’s President Raul Castro and his cabinet looking on, Obama stressed that the United States would not impose change on Cuba, that was up to the Cubans to do. Then he spoke about what he considers universal human rights., In Brazil, football-crazy kids light up at the mention of stars such as professional footballer Neymar da Silva Santos Júnior, but those dreams may be too far out of reach. The harsh reality is that the vast majority of Brazil’s professional football players earn salaries barely above the country’s minimum wage., More than 8,000 children, the most at-risk group, were exposed to lead-tainted tap water contamination after Flint, Michigan changed its water source to save money. Lawmakers have joined residents demanding the head of the Environmental Protection Agency and the state governor step down., "Based on early reports, there is a possibility of the piece originating from an inlet cowling of an aircraft engine," but a further examination and analysis are needed to verify whether it belongs to Flight 370, said Malaysian Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai. A team will be dispatched to retrieve the debris, Liow said in a statement., Cuba is well-known for its organic farming. Now an enterprising private farmer in one of Cuba’s top rural tourist centers, Vinales, has converted his farmhouse into a popular organic restaurant. It’s proving a huge success., It’s a week of firsts for U.S. President Barack Obama. When he set foot on Cuban soil, he became the first sitting United States President to do so in 88 years., Sometimes the story isn't right in front of you..., Cities around the world show support for #Brussels. 

Images, in order: 

Rome: The statue of Emperor Marco Aurelio stands in front of the Belgian flag projected on the  Campidoglio (AFP / FILIPPO MONTEFORTE)

Paris: Belgian flags displayed at city hall (AFP / MARTIN BUREAU)

Budapest: A woman and her daughter light a candle outside the Belgian Embassy (Balazs Mohai/MTI via AP)

Paris: The Eiffel Tower is illuminated with the Belgium national colors (AP Photo/Thibault Camus)

Bordeaux: Belgian, French and European flags are seen half staff at city hall (AFP/GEORGES GOBET)

Paris: A frame with an inscription (which translates as "For our Belgian friends") among floral tributes, candles, and notes at the Place de la Republique (AFP/JOEL SAGET)

Kiev: Servicemen of Azov, Ukrainian volunteers battalion, hold torches in front of floral tributes during a ceremony in front of the Belgian embassy (AFP/ANATOLII STEPANOV)

Debrecen: Nagyardei Stadium is illuminated with the Belgian national colors in Debrecen, 226 kms east of Budapest, Hungary (Balazs Mohai/MTI via AP)

New York City: A mass is held at Holy Family Church in Manhattan for the victims (Spencer Platt/Getty Images/AFP)

Amsterdam: The Royal Palace at Dam Square displaying the colors of the Belgian flag (AFP/ANP/Evert Elzinga)

Warsaw: The Palace of Culture, the tallest building in the Polish capital, is lit in the colors of the Belgian flag (AP Photo/Czarek Sokolowski), A pedestrian strip outside the stock exchange in Brussels became a colorful canvas of support and defiance after Tuesday's deadly bombings as those wanting to show solidarity chalked messages in everything from local French to Asian script.

A few thousand people were gathered at Brussels' Place de la Bourse late Tuesday to draw more messages and lay candles. One group broke into Edith Piaf's "Hymne a L'amour" (Hymn to Love) as onlookers applauded. Many of the drawings were joyous, with slogans like "spread love," ''Live and Let Live" and "we are one." Others took a more defiant tone, but the vibe was generally upbeat.

But at the margins, there was sadness. One woman sat against a concrete planter at the edge of the square and sobbed quietly. 

*Text and photos: AP*

More: http://www.cctv-america.com/, Tonight we go out on the town to see how Cuba's youth feel about U.S/Cuba relations #CubaVisit, In photos: the terrorist attacks in Brussels., The latest on Brussels terror attacks: Security boosted in airports worldwide., That was a close one! Watch tonight for our full #CubanVisit report on what the future holds for the island's youth., Leaders around the world, including the Chinese Foreign Ministry and the president of the United States, have strongly condemned the Brussels blasts. 

MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=136311, A picture released on March 22, 2016 by the Belgian federal police on demand of the Federal prosecutor shows a screengrab of the airport CCTV camera showing suspects of this morning's attacks at Brussels Airport, in Zaventem.  Photo/AFP & BELGIAN FEDERAL POLICE   #BrusselsAttack

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, In Washington, most of the candidates hoping to succeed President Obama have been speaking to thousands of supporters of Israel., The U.S. and Cuban presidents are meeting in Havana for the first time in 88 years., China's Foreign Minister strongly condemned the attack:

"Our deepest condolences to the victims, sincere sympathy to the families of the victims and the injured... China resolutely opposes any form of terrorism. At this moment, the Chinese people are together with the people in Belgium and in Europe. China is willing to step up cooperation with Belgium and the international community to face the threats and challenges posed by terrorism and safeguard world peace and security," the Foreign Ministry said.

U.S. President Barack Obama, speaking from Cuba, called the attacks “outrageous.” “This is another reminder that the world must unite,” he said., Salah Abdeslam, the Belgian-born Frenchman who was arrested Friday in a police raid in Brussels' Molenbeek neighborhood, had crisscrossed central and southern Europe before taking part in the Paris terror attacks — then going on the lam as Europe's most-wanted fugitive., WATCH LIVE: Obama speaks in Cuba and the attacks in Brussels, where the death toll from the two blasts has climbed to at least 33, with more than 100 injured.  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=243, President Obama is in Cuba: the first visit by a sitting U.S. president in almost 90 years., Explosions rock Brussels airport, subway; at least 33 reported dead: Explosions, at least one likely caused by a suicide bomber, rocked the Brussels airport and subway system Tuesday, prompting a lockdown of the Belgian capital and heightened security across Europe., As Brazil prepares for this year’s Olympics, former homeless children from around the globe are staging the Street Child Games., Today it's about baseball diplomacy on the #CubaVisit. Our team on the ground tried their own hand at it., Forests northwest of the capital are providing protection. But decades of dying trees have stripped Beijing and other cities of that crucial barrier., Explosions rock Brussels airport, subway; at least 28 reported dead and 55 injured, Anbang Insurance Group’s bid for Starwood fell through on Monday. The hotel group has now said it’s going for Marriott’s higher bid at 13.6 billion dollars., Despite renewed signs that the U.S. property market is under pressure, prices in some areas of the country are still red hot., It is a historic moment in Cuba. The U.S. and Cuban presidents are meeting in Havana for the first time in 88 years., One of Cuba’s close allies is keeping an eye on developing ties between the U.S. and Cuba. Venezuela remains a strong critic of the U.S., The annual migration of millions of monarch butterflies from Canada to Mexico is among nature's many wonders., Against the backdrop of U.S. President Barack Obama's visit to Cuba which many see as a hopeful opening, some who left the island to escape communism decades ago do not agree with this new era of diplomatic relations., Economic opportunities are high on the agenda as Chinese President Xi Jinping hosts a visit by German President Joachim Gauck. Gauck will spend five days in China., As Havana experiences change, much of rural Cuba remains the same. But there's hope to be found in warming ties with the U.S. and potential reforms., South China’s Hainan province will kick off the annual Boao Forum for Asia on Tuesday. It’s a dialogue for government leaders, industrial and business managers from Asia and beyond., When the reporter thinks that he's a photographer... #CubaVisit, A large group of U.S. business leaders traveled to Cuba with President Obama. They're hoping to rebuild commercial ties., Some kids in Havana let our own Sean Callebs play baseball with them. He's talking with Cuba's youth about their expectations and hopes for the future. 

Find all our Changing Cuba coverage here: http://cuba.cctv-america.com/, Despite a decade of environmental problems butterfly numbers are up this year. Tune in tonight for more from Franc Contreras at butterfly sanctuary in western Mexico. In the meantime, here's some butterfly zen for your afternoon:, With all the #CubaVisit celebration and ceremony in the city, we take you #OutsideHavana to see how Cubans in rural communities and farms feel about the normalization of U.S./Cuba relations., Watch LIVE: Obama, Castro make remarks after historic meeting in Havana: http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, Where did he put his GoPro on this time? Find out tonight when our team goes #OutsideHavana, No word yet on how this impacts the traditional wedding sedan chair market., The black boxes from the crashed FlyDubai are so heavily damaged that the data cannot be immediately read., The South Korean military was attempting to determine whether the projectiles were missiles, artillery shells, or rockets., Not as different as they seem... the Cuban capitol is under construction just like in the U.S., "For Obama, there’s no better place than Havana to show that engagement can do more than isolation to bring about tangible change on the communist island.", Take a brief tour of Revolution Square in #Cuba with Sean Callebs, Today U.S. President Barack Obama will visit the Plaza de la Revolution and lay a wreath at the monument to José Martí #CubaVisit, One of the things the Cuban people are often associated with is their love of music. Jazz, salsa, rhumba are all popular musical genres on the island. The country is also famous for musical groups Los Van Van and Buena Vista Social Club., It’s been over a year since Cuba and the United States announced their renewal of diplomatic ties. Now, President Barrack Obama is making a trip there., On March 21st President Barrack Obama becomes the first U.S. president to travel to Cuba in more than 80 years., Not much has changed along the Malecón in the years since U.S. President Calvin Coolidge's #CubaVisit and now., It's 88 years since a U.S. President set foot in Cuba. That man was Calvin Coolidge., After weeks of eager anticipation, U.S. President Barack Obama has arrived in Cuba for his historic visit., It's been nearly three years since China's President Xi Jinping laid out his vision for the One Belt One Road initiatives., The Yazidis are a Kurdish religious community who have been persecuted by ISIL forces in Iraq., U.S. President Barack Obama's plane is expected to touch down in Havana in about an hour.  First Lady Michelle Obama and their two daughters will also travel aboard Air Force One. She is a strong advocate of girls' education and women's rights., Take a quick look at Havana today. Cool images set to some contemporary Cuban music. And watch “Americas Now” on Sunday for a preview of President Barack Obama’s historic trip to Cuba. Sunday at 7 pm on CCTV-America., A suicide attack in the heart of Istanbul. Four are killed, in addition to the bomber, with more than 30 wounded., Jack Ma, founder of Alibaba, and Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook CEO, have discussed everything from current technologies to what we can expect in the future., Goodnight from #Havana!, The lead suspect in the November Paris terror attacks has been moved from a hospital in Brussels to a high security prison in Bruges. Salah Abdeslam was arrested after a shootout with police., U.S.-Cuba ties again grow closer with a new deal in Havana., null, Before President Obama's #CubaVisit, take a ride through old #Havana in one of #Cuba's famed vintage cars!, In Cuba there's rum or two choices of beer. But in the basement of the storied Gran Teatro, a new wine bar just opened. The owners of Bouqet hope to attract tourists and international jetsetters as businesses look to align themselves with Cuban culture., Captain James showcases one of the U.S. military’s top weapons in its fight against terror., null, China's property prices saw the fastest growth in almost two years in February. Average new home prices rose nearly 4 percent on a yearly basis, as first-tier cities like Shenzhen and Beijing led the gains. But more importantly, these price increases extended to smaller cities., It's been more than two months since the U.S. Defense Secretary lifted all gender-based restrictions on military service. All jobs in America's armed forces, including combat-related positions, are now open to women as long as they qualify., On Sunday President Barack Obama is set his historic visit to Cuba, the first U.S. president to visit the island in almost 90 years. Obama will be accompanied by Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker along with a large business delegation., This weekend sees the end of the 10-day bonanza of tech innovation, film, and music in Austin, Texas., Several years ago Silicon Valley companies began releasing data on the race and gender composition of their workforces to highlight the need to increase diversity. But today, most of those numbers at companies like Facebook and Google have hardly changed at all., What began in 2011 as protests, inspired by the so-called Arab Spring, quickly spread to all-out civil war in Syria., The EU and Turkey reached an agreement to stem the flow of migrants to Europe. Turkey is to get a big injection of cash and a range of other incentives, including possible membership in the EU., Early reports from various news sources said a FlyDubai plane that took off from Dubai crashed with 59 on board in the Russian city of Rostov on Don. According to the reports, there were no survivors., The United Nation's Syria envoy wrapped up a fractious week of peace talks. U.N.'s Steffan De Mistura called on the Syrian government to offer clear proposals for a political transition, and said agreeing on plans for a unity government was the most daunting obstacle to peace., China and the U.S. launched a joint facility to strengthen nuclear security. It comes just two weeks ahead of the 2016 Nuclear Security Summit in Washington., After Cuba and the United States announced in 2014 their willingness to restore diplomatic relations, it took six months of tough negotiations before they finally reopened their embassies., LATEST NEWS from Associated Press: Jury sides with Hulk Hogan in his sex tape lawsuit against Gawker and awards him $115 million, Our own Karina Huber learns how to pilot a drone through a simulation program. Tune in TONIGHT 8 p.m. eastern to see the full story: The shortage of drone pilots., Brazil's political crisis deepened as judges filed injunctions to block the appointment of former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva as chief of staff to his successor following a tumultuous swearing-in ceremony and heated protests.

The first of the injunctions was overturned by a higher court, the state-run Agencia Brasil news agency said Friday. But another was issued immediately by a second judge in Rio de Janeiro, adding to the country's political confusion., null, null, null, null, More from our most recent episode of The Heat featuring CCTV News Correspondent Zou Yue, Duncan Innes-Ker, the Asia Regional Director for The Economist Intelligence Unit; Afshin Molavi, the editor of The New Silk Road Monitor; and Pepe Escobar, an author and independent geopolitical analyst from Paris., CCTV News Correspondent Zou Yue was a featured guest on CCTV America's The Heat show. Here's what he said about the annual Two Sessions that recently concluded in China., CCTV News Correspondent Zou Yue explains on CCTV America's The Heat show why China's National People's Congress and the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference is not like the West and will probably never be like the West., Police are still searching for another suspect who is holed up in a house that is just a few dozen meters from two schools., The American Islamic State group fighter who handed himself over to Kurdish forces in northern Iraq earlier this week said he made "a bad decision" in joining the IS, according to a heavily edited interview he gave to an Iraqi Kurdish television station.

In the TV interview, which aired late Thursday night, Mohamad Jamal Khweis, 26, from Alexandria, Virginia detailed his weeks-long journey from the United States to London, Amsterdam, Turkey, through Syria and finally to the IS-controlled Iraqi city of Mosul., Humor 1. Ridiculous body standards 0., Near the end of a two-day summit, Czech prime minister  Bohuslav Sobotka tweeted: "The deal with Turkey approved. All illegal migrants who reach Greece from Turkey starting March 20 will be returned.", UPDATE from Associated Press: Officials: Paris attacks fugitive Salah Abdeslam captured in Brussels in police operation after 4 months at large, One person is dead after an collapse at a construction site buried seven people on Friday in southwest China's Yunnan province, local authorities said. The accident occurred at around 4 p.m. while the seven workers were building a wall at a factory in Mengla County, according to the information office of Dai Autonomous Prefecture of Xishuangbanna., The U.S. Air Force is investigating about a dozen airmen at a nuclear missile base for alleged use of illegal drugs, in some cases possibly including cocaine, defense officials said Friday. The probe is a fresh blow to a nuclear missile corps that has been under intense scrutiny for a string of lapses in training and personal conduct over the past three years.  

The drug investigation at F.E. Warren Air Force Base, home of the 90th Missile Wing, was to be announced Friday by Gen. Robin Rand, the four-star commander of Air Force Global Strike Command. The command is responsible for the entire fleet of Minuteman 3 land-based nuclear missiles; one-third of the Minuteman 3 force is operated by the 90th Missile Wing., Look who ran the Beijing Marathon - without a mask...

Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook founder and CEO, posted a photo on Facebook showing him running in Tiananmen Square without wearing a face mask despite heavy smog on March 18, 2016. The air pollution index reached 252 at 11 a.m., according to the Beijing municipal environment monitoring center. He wrote on Facebook: "It's great to be back in Beijing! I kicked off my visit with a run through Tiananmen Square, past the Forbidden City and over the Temple of Heaven." (via People's Daily, Photo by CRI Online), The chemical ammonium nitrate has been linked to several major explosions all over the world, including one at a chemical plant in the U.S. state of Texas that exploded in 2013. More than a dozen people died. The investigation into what went wrong and how to prevent it from happening again was completed just this year., Every year millions of migrant workers seek their fortune in the Pearl River Delta, an economic hub in South China. Many migrants view their work as a chance to earn money and return home to become entrepreneurs., The South African government is starting to deliver on its promise of creating a more conducive environment for small business and entrepreneurs., Find out why Argentina is set to return to the international credit markets., Last year, China passed Canada to become the biggest trading partner of the United States. The bilateral trade volume hit $600 billion last year. Most of China's exports to the U.S. are labor intensive products such as garments, however many Chinese companies are trying to move into more high-tech products., China’s National People's Congress ended its annual session with the adoption of a new five-year economic plan, aiming for at least 6.5 percent annual growth through 2020., One of the world's largest gaming events, the Game Developer's Conference, is showcasing the latest technological advances from the big gaming powerhouses as well as innovations from startups and developers., They are protesting low wages, indigenous children dying from malnutrition, ending the armed conflict, and the privatization of Colombian companies., BREAKING NEWS via ASSOCIATED PRESS: South Korea says the DPRK has fired a ballistic missile into the sea., The AP reports that the U.S. is opposed to any unilateral declarations of autonomous federal zones in Syria but would not be against federalism if the Syrian people chose it as part of a negotiated political settlement., Rousseff appointed former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva on Wednesday, saying it will help her navigate the worst recession in decades and deal with a hostile Congress that has shown little willingness to work with a president with approval ratings in single digits. A political crisis is gripping the country that will host the Summer Olympics in less than five months., Park attendance at SeaWorld dropped after the 2013 release of the documentary "Blackfish," which was highly critical of the orca program. SeaWorld reported a fourth-quarter loss of $11 million in February.

"Society's attitudes have shifted," said Joel Manby, president and chief executive officer of SeaWorld Entertainment, Inc. during a telephone news conference. "It wasn't worth fighting that.", The sanctions reflect growing anger at Pyongyang's latest nuclear test and rocket launch in defiance of a ban on all nuclear-related activity. The United States and China spent seven weeks negotiating the new sanctions, which include mandatory inspections of cargo leaving and entering the DPRK by land, sea or air; a ban on all sales or transfers of small arms and light weapons to Pyongyang; and expulsion of diplomats from the DPRK who engage in "illicit activities.", U.S. President Barack Obama will be visiting Cuba. He’ll become the first sitting U.S. president to travel to the island nation in more than 80 years. How did we get to this point and what can we expect? Correspondent Michael Voss joins us from Havana to report on this historic event. 

Watch this week’s Special Edition of Americas Now. Sunday at 7 p.m. eastern or 7 a.m. Beijing time on CCTV America. You can also watch via your web-connected device at: www.cctvamericalive.com, Department spokesman Mark Toner said Kerry is taking a "measured" approach and while his decision will come "soon" it will not meet Thursday's deadline. Congress had set a March 17 deadline for the determination. Earlier this week, the House passed a non-binding resolution by a vote of 393-0 condemning Islamic State group actions as genocide., China gives St. Patrick's Day a shout-out. The Great Wall is Irish for a night., Bolivia's second-largest lake has virtually vanished, leading to an ecological mystery: Is it climate change? Or something else?, Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and billionaire Donald Trump pulled ahead Tuesday after key primary wins in their respective parties in the U.S. presidential race, marking a significant turning point in the race for the White House., A significant outcome of the two sessions was that Chinese lawmakers approved the 13th Five-Year Plan, a blueprint for China's economic and social development from 2016 to 2020., Their presidencies are 30 years apart, but Xi Jinping and Ronald Reagan have more in common than you may think. They're linked by an economic concept that China is using to help keep its economy on track:  supply-side economics., China is pushing for reform in the iron and steel industry, and a new wave of production cuts is in discussion. For many private companies in the industry, it's expected to be a testing time., For decades the United States had one major enemy: The Soviet Union. According to U.S. propaganda, the Soviets aimed to crush American liberty through the spread of Socialism. Fast forward to today and things sure have changed., As the political season wrapped up, Premier Li Keqiang expressed confidence in China's economy., The path to becoming the next U.S. president became a bit more clear Tuesday night as big wins across five states may have cemented front-runner status for candidates in each party., On the third day of peace talks in Geneva, Syria's government negotiators have ruled out direct talks with the rebel opposition., "Presidents do not stop working in the final year of their term.  Neither should a senator."  Barack Obama makes his case for confirming his nominee to the Supreme Court., Trudeau, who took office in November, said Canada's ideals align with many of those dear to the U.N., including human rights and diversity.

"It's time for Canada to step up once again," he said. Canada last held a seat on the Security Council in 2000., Judge Merrick Garland sums up his judicial philosophy., Four officers were wounded in Tuesday's joint French-Belgian raid in a Brussels neighborhood and related searches. Prosecutors on Wednesday released without charges two men they held in the wake of the raid, leaving the hunt on for two suspects who have not been identified., Everything about Merrick Garland, Obama's pick for the Supreme Court., White House officials said Obama believes Garland has a record of bipartisan support and was best poised to serve on the court immediately.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Watch LIVE: Obama announces #SCOTUSnominee   Livestream   http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream/, Nordic and Scandinavian countries are leading the cashless revolution. In Norway, just six percent of the population are still using cash., Colombia's third largest city, Cali, is known as a tropical salsa hub. But if you can't make it there, one app claims to help you learn in your own living room. CCTV America's Michelle Begue reports., While NASCAR may be popular across the country, it is easy to imagine that environmentalists have reservations about its races. Especially since all the cars in competition are fossil fuel guzzlers. But now in Mexico there's the Formula "E" series championship races where only fully-electric cars can compete., Home life in China got an overhaul with the implementation of the country’s new domestic violence law and the baby boom of the two-child policy., The earlier phase of urbanization in China was often seen as an excessive conversion of rural land into urban areas., Machine beats man in a final match of "Go", the ancient Chinese board game. Google's AlphaGo computer defeated Lee Seedol, a grand master. It is a big leap forward for artificial intelligence., Watch Live in one hour: Chinese Premier Li Keqiang will hold press conference at the Great Hall of the People. #NPC #CPPCC, With the growth in urbanization, more and more migrant workers are now living and working in China’s cities than ever before., An important news conference for the two sessions was held in Beijing. It’s the final ministerial level press conference featuring the Chinese housing minister., Al-Shishani, who was wounded in a U.S. airstrike earlier this month, died on Monday outside the Islamic State group's main stronghold of Raqqa in Syria, sources told The Associated Press. There was no immediate confirmation of his death from the Islamic State group but the IS-affiliated Aamaq news agency denied he was killed., The joint session of the two houses of parliament broke into thundering applause as the speaker Mann Win Khaing Than announced the result: “I hereby announce the president of Myanmar is Htin Kyaw, as he won the majority of votes.”, The U.N. special envoy for Syria called Putin’s announcement a “significant development.” Staffan de Mistura said in a statement that his team hoped the Russian drawdown would have a “positive impact” on the negotiations aimed at finding a political solution to Syria’s war and “a peaceful political transition in the country.”, The administration announced Tuesday that Americans can now take "people-to-people" trips to Cuba on their own instead of on expensive group tours. That means any American can legally go to Cuba as long as they fill out a form asserting that their trip was for educational purposes instead of tourism. The measure is expected to help fill demand for commercial flights that U.S. airlines hope to launch in coming months., The computer won., ‘Student food’ goes fruity on Chinese university, China will improve the traditional taxi industry and encourage innovation and regulative models of online cab-hailing, said Yang Chuantang, Minister of Transport, at Monday's press conference. #NPC, Amusing pictures capture the moment a lost penguin was trying to hitchhike back home.
Paul Chapman, 56, who was heading to a popular fishing spot with his wife Julie, found a king penguin wandering alone trying to return to the nearby settlement in Teal Inlet, East Falklands, after becoming separated from its colony., Top leader of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) Kim Jong Un on Tuesday said his country will soon conduct a nuclear warhead explosion test and a test launch of ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads, according to the country’s official KCNA news agency., China’s property market will continue to experience a steady and healthy development, said Chen Zhenggao, Minister of Housing and Urban-Rural Development in a press conference held on Tuesday during the annual two sessions of China’s government. #NPC #CPPCC, Cherry blossoms blooming in China., Razer is a world leader in connected devices and software for gamer. It doesn’t sell the games, but it sells millions of high-tech computers, headphones, and keyboards used by the gamer., German Chancellor Angela Merkel says she'll continue to push for a European solution to the refugee crisis.&nbsp;That's despite poor results for her party in three&nbsp;state elections on Sunday, which saw a huge rise in popularity for a right wing anti-immigration party., Virtual reality is about to make a big splash. The highly touted HTC Vive and Oculus Rift Virtual Reality headsets both hit the market within the next month. But whether Virtual Reality, or VR, lives up to its promise will also hinge on the quality of its applications, many developed by startups., Medical Science has made significant leaps forward when it comes to reproduction and fertility. Many parents can now chose not only the sex of their babies, but even their eye color., A Colombian mechanical engineer created a new material for bone regeneration. Her invention not only helps fractures heal faster, but costs less as well., China is counting on innovation to drive economic growth. And that ability to innovate depends heavily on skill level and knowledge. That's why the government is beefing up its investments in education., China’s President Xi Jinping is scheduled to visit the United States later this month. The Heat interviewed William Cohen, former United States Secretary of Defense. He brings unique perspective on some of the major issues that impact the evolving China-U.S. relationship., The score so far, Computer 3, Human 1. Watch the last AlphaGo v. Lee Sedol match at midnight eastern, 9 p.m. pacific time here:, Shanghai middle school teachers are among the world’s most qualified, according to a survey by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development., The much ballyhooed #Blizzard of 2016 in January did not disappoint. The East Coast of the United States was slammed with a snowfall that was thigh-deep in some places.
In Washington, DC there was enough snow for the #DC Snowball Fight Association to plan a community snowball fight at the city’s famed and historic #DupontCircle. 

Take a look at the event the organization named “Snow Wars: The Snowball Strikes Back.”, Razer CEO Min-Liang Tan demonstrates the Razer Blade Stealth that won 16 awards at the 2016 Consumer Electronics show. Watch the full interview on Global Business tonight at 8 p.m. Eastern, 8 a.m. Beijing time., These days it’s easy to see China as an emerging great power, starting to throw its weight around: militarizing islands, breaking international laws. To what extent are these perceptions true? Let’s take a look., Several cities across Brazil have erupted in protests and hundreds of thousands took to to the streets Sunday against the government. CCTV America's Paulo Cabral reports from Sao Paulo., While many may view the thought of drinking hot water odd, many Chinese view the custom of drinking ice water as equally bizarre and even unhealthy., During this year's session, a total of 1,927 political advisors, accounting for 89 percent of all CPPCC members, submitted thousands of proposals, covering just about every aspect of Chinese society., Breaking news via Associated Press: Russian President Vladimir Putin orders the start of Russian troops' pullout from Syria., U.N. Envoy Staffan de Mistura, laid out both high stakes and low expectations for what is shaping up as the most promising initiative in years to end the conflict that moves into its sixth year on Tuesday. At least a quarter of a million people have been died.

"As far as I know, the only plan B available is return to war — and to even worse war than we had so far," he said., For years he walked alongside Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi, a quiet confidant as she campaigned for democracy in Myanmar. On Tuesday, with her blessing, Htin Kyaw will become the country's president.

A soft-spoken man with a penchant for literature and writing, Htin Kyaw gave up a career in the foreign ministry decades ago to help Suu Kyi, his childhood friend, with her political party. When Myanmar was under military rule, he ended up in the junta's prison along with other pro-democracy activists., Turkey's air force hit Kurdish rebel targets in northern Iraq on Monday, hours after a suicide car bombing in the capital killed 37 people and heightened tensions with the militants.

Nine F-16s and two F-4 jets raided 18 positions of the Kurdistan Workers' Party, or PKK, in northern Iraq, including the Qandil mountains where the group's leadership is based, the state-run Anadolu Agency reported. Ammunition depots, bunkers and shelters were among the targets hit., China's Minister of Commerce says the government will continue to open up access for foreign investors to the service sector and high-end manufacturing. #CPPCC #NPC #2Sessions #ChinaPolitics #AskChina, The Chairman of the #CPPCC National Committee, Yu Zhengsheng, talked about the CPPCC members’ role during the closure of the annual meeting of the CPPCC on Monday. He said CPPCC members should devote themselves into practicing to build a well-off-society, and should understand the CPPCC, coordinate well and discussing the political issues well. #NPC #2sessions #ChinaPolitics, The Chairman of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, Yu Zhengsheng, on Monday addressed members of China's top political advisory body, vowing to continue efforts to build a moderately prosperous society., null, Yvonne Bezerra de Mello is a member of Rio de Janeiro’s upper class but she devoted her life to the poor after seeing the how the stress and trauma of favela life compromised the cognitive abilities of kids.

This week’s Game Changer on “Americas Now” is a Brazilian socialite who changes the lives of children exposed to violence in Rio’s favelas., A wealthy resident of Rio dedicates her life to the poor

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=131713, Photographer Bego Anton travels the US

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=131718, Boxing is for both men and women in Argentina

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=131820, Sodalitium of Christian Life was one of Peru’s most influential Roman Catholic groups. Formed more than 40 years ago, the secretive organization recruited wealthy young men and women and opened up chapters across Latin America, reaching the United States and Europe., Brazil protests seen as key test for Pres. Rousseff

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=132986, These days there are lots of pessimists out there about the Chinese economy. Will China experience a lost decade of zero growth like Japan did in the 90s? Or is China headed for a hard-landing altogether? It will be helpful to look at some data, and some new policies coming out of this year’s #NPC, China’s top legislature., Al-Qaida-linked group claims Ivory Coast attack, The Iraqi government and the U.S. embassy in Baghdad are warning residents along the Tigris river of a possible collapse of the Mosul Dam. Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi asked Mosul residents along the Tigris river to move at least six kilometers (3.7 miles) away from its banks in a statement., Update: Official says at least 27 people have died and at least 75 others have been wounded in an explosion in central Ankara in Turkey, according to reports., A large explosion in Turkey’s capital, believed to have been caused by a bomb, has caused several casualties on Sunday, according to news reports., Zhou Qiang, head of the Supreme People's Court, and Cao Jianming, Procurator-General of the Supreme People's Procuratorate, delivered their work reports to the National People's Congress’ deputies on Sunday. NPC deputies will deliberate the two reports in groups, along with the amended draft of a new charity law. Members of the top advisory body, the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, will also attend panel discussions on the work reports. #CPPCC #NPC #2sessions #ChinaPolitics, Embattled city hopes female officers can revive tourism

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=132662, 4.5 million Syrians fled to other countries as Syria war enters 6th year

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=132665, Foreign exchange market going back to normal: China's central bank governor

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=132709, Migrants block train tracks near Idomeni camp

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=132658, Merkel defends migrant stance in last push before 'Super Sunday'

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=132651, The Summer Olympic Games are just five months away. And Rio de Janeiro faces challenges ranging from the Zika virus to an economic crisis. But officials say the sporting venues are nearly 100 percent ready., Russia has lost its latest appeal to overturn a ban from world athletic games. The athletics governing body says Russia needs further reforms, before it can compete once more on the global stage., Cuba and the European Union signed a deal to normalize relations Friday. It is a breakthrough in ties between Cuba and the EU., It has been five years since a devastating earthquake and tsunami rocked Japan. The cost of the disaster, both in terms of lives and money, is still being counted., Among the scores of African entrepreneurs in New York City, one man is creating huge waves with a device born from the chaos of Hurricane Sandy., Texas' capital city of Austin has been host to the South by Southwest festival since it began in 1987. Dubbed the next Silicon Valley, a recent tech boom has made Austin attractive to entrepreneurs and startups., The Chinese-American community in New York is pouring in hundreds of thousands of dollars to help former New York police officer, Peter Liang. In February, Liang was found guilty of second-degree manslaughter and official misconduct over the shooting death of an unarmed Brooklyn resident in a public housing stairwell., Germany's was one of the economies strongly dependent on nuclear power, but that changed after Japan's Fukushima nuclear disaster., As refugees are desperate to get away from warfare in their home country, and to move through Europe to start a new life, thousands are stuck in limbo. Many are biding their time in undesirable conditions in camps near the Greece-Macedonia border., High-level talks in Moscow between China and Russia. The two&nbsp;big powers both share a border with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. The message to Pyongyang from the countries&nbsp;was clear. It's time to return to nuclear talks., It’s an annual event. Each year while the National People’s Congress is in session, China’s foreign minister sits down with the media for a wide-ranging discussion of the country’s foreign policy., During last year's Political Season, President Xi said protecting the environment was like caring for "one's own eyes and life". A year later, air quality remains Beijing's top priority. Among innovations, a clean-energy vehicle scheme is under way., Little remains of the Syrian city of Homs after five years of civil war. Hundreds of thousands have fled their homes. Some have stayed a few have come back. In the ruins of Homs, an artist is trying his best to bring hope and optimism to this city., Argentina is recognized across the globe for producing world-class boxers. From Buenos Aires, Correspondent Joel Richards talks to some of Argentina’s boxing champions and some hoping to become one. This Sunday on Americas Now., Russia, China oppose US missile-defense in South Korea, A series of wedding photos went viral of a newly married Syrian couple: the groom in military camouflage kissing his bride in a white wedding gown amid the ruins of Homs,Syria. Jafar Meray took these photos last year, and he recently published a new batch of photos with the theme of "Hope and Optimism in Ruin of Homs". CCTV reporter Dezhi Xu will bring this 22-year-old photographer's story. Tune in CCTV America at 4pm ET, 9pm GMT., #BREAKING: EU and #Cuba signed agreement on Friday to normalize their ties, Cuban media reported., "China's air quality is mainly caused by our energy structure, coal consumption specifically," Chinese Environmental Protection Minister said at a press conference on the sidelines of the annual parliamentary session.

Chen said China attaches great importance to adjusting the energy structure, one of the tasks in the draft 13th Five-Year Plan (2016-2020).
#NPC #CPPCC #2Sessions, Ex-Putin aide Mikhail Lesin died of 'blow to the head'
A day after authorities in Washington confirmed an autopsy shows blunt force trauma caused the death of a former aide to the Russian president, Russian officials say they've been requesting information about the probe without results., Dramatic footage captures the moment neighbors save the child when he falls from a fifth floor balcony in Dongguan, a city of China’s Guangdong Province, on Tuesday, From opening a small T-shirt store in a Hutong in Beijing to becoming the man behind a brand with a cult following in the city, Dominic Johnson-Hill has enjoyed a rather eventful two decades in the Chinese capital., Google's computer program, AlphaGo, defeated human world champion Lee Se-dol again in the ancient Chinese board game of Go on Thursday. It is the second time he has lost to the machine in a historic best-of-five game series., Levels of hazardous PM2.5 (inhalable particulate matter less than 2.5 microns in size) from India exceeded that of China in 2015 for the first time this century., In Brazil, it has been nearly a week since ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva was questioned and then released by police., The party of Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi officially confirmed Thursday that she will not become Myanmar's next president., Just a month from Peru's presidential elections, the country's electoral board has barred the second-placed candidate Julio Guzman from the race over a technical error. But the disqualified candidate says he will fight the decision., European Central Bank launched an unexpectedly broad array of stimulus measures Thursday aimed at boosting a modest economic recovery in the 19 countries that use the euro and nudging up dangerously low inflation., After hitting regulatory obstacles in the U.S. and Europe, and admitting to huge financial losses in China, the cyber taxi service Uber appears to be looking for new avenues to profitability in its emerging markets., It's been nearly two decades in the making -- an official visit for the prime minister of Canada., In Brazil, outrage over corruption has led to new anti-corruption laws and recognition by corporate leaders that they must be accountable to clients and the public. The scandal at state oil giant Petrobras has played a big role., Places across China are working to boost innovation and upgrade traditional industries. In east China's Zhejiang province, the local government will invest 500 billion yuan ($76.8 billion) into 100 featured "towns" within three years., With bombings nearly every day and an unrelenting humanitarian crisis, can Yemen find a peaceful solution or is more war on the horizon?, Battles between rival drug traffickers and criminal activity are at the root of the murder wave in the Mexican resort city of Acapulco. Enter the police department's mostly-female Tourist Assistance Brigade. The group was created last year to aid at the height of tourist season., Thousands of men, women and children fleeing conflicts in Syria and Iraq wait at the Greece-Macedonia border, while others have left countries deemed safe by the European Union. Changing European Union regulations on economic migrants versus refugees are leaving many in limbo., Innovation is a focus of this year's political meetings in Beijing. CCTV interviewed several National People's Congress and Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference delegates, who are also leading entrepreneurs, to explore their visions of the future., Chinese political advisers are also focusing on education reform - calling for more attention for the countryside. Some rural areas are still in urgent need of teachers., Interactive: China’s annual political season is underway. The country’s legislative process is different from western countries. Here is an explanation of how laws are passed during the National People’s Congress. #NPC #CPPCC #2sessions
http://www.cctv-america.com/2016/03/09/how-npc-delegates-, Millions of people across Southeast Asia and the Pacific area witnessed a total or partial solar eclipse on Wednesday morning. When the eclipse reached totality, parts of the region fell into complete darkness. People in the area were advised to use professional solar filters or special eclipse-viewing glasses while watching., Exclusive: Inside Syria – Life in times of war
Although the prospect of war still hangs over Syria and many towns have been razed to the ground, people in the country are continuing to live in hope. A nationwide cessation of hostilities in Syria came into effect on February 27, the first time that the guns have fallen silent in this war-torn nation in nearly five years. So what is life like inside Syria? Watch this exclusive footage as CCTV reports on the lives of the ordinary people of Syria., #AskChina: In a bid to transform the existing adjudication system into one based on trials, China’s top court has taken many initiatives. Zhang Yongjian, a chief judge with the Supreme People’s Court, elaborated on how the country’s judiciary has taken on a sweeping reform to uphold judicial integrity. #2sessions #NPC #CPPCC #ChinaPolitics, China takes a giant leap in scientific and technology innovation
China has made significant progress in promoting scientific and technological innovations, enabling the country to achieve significant goals, Minister of Science and Technology Wan Gang told media on Thursday. #2sessions #NPC #CPPCC #ChinaPolitics, China’s education system has now moved into the mid-upper level compared to the rest of the world, said Chinese Education Minister Yuan Guiren, while briefing the media on Thursday during the Two Sessions. #2sessions #NPC #CPPCC #ChinaPolitics, Check out this 360 view of Times Square this morning., It's haircut day!, China's annual political season is underway. The country's legislative process is different from western countries. Here is an explanation of how laws are passed during the National People's Congress., A Chinese company's proposal to buy the Chicago Stock Exchange is meeting opposition from U.S. Congress. A primary concern is that the Chinese government is linked to the deal., Weather events affect our lives, but many remain mysterious to the scientists that study them-events such as thunderstorms, hurricanes and climate change., It's been a challenging year for the Cuban cigar industry which has managed to increase sales despite the slowdown in the world economy., When it comes to gasoline, Mexican consumers are about to roll into a new era. For decades, only one fuel brand has been available., Authorities are investigating a former Catholic church leader in Peru. This week on Americas Now https://youtu.be/aXCaCaROpm8, France's government is pushing ahead with a controversial labor reform bill despite fierce opposition from unions and divisions within the ruling Socialist party., The annual meetings for The National People’s Congress and the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference is covering more ground in its sixth day. Philanthropy is in focus, as a draft of China’s first bill regulating charities was submitted to the national legislature., Get a sneak peek at the Trudeau state dinner. What's being served at the White House? CCTV America's Jessica Stone shows you., Venezuela’s opposition group, the Democratic Unity coalition, is launching a campaign to remove President Nicolas Maduro from power., The United Nations Security Council voted earlier this month to apply new sanctions against the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) over the country’s recent nuclear tests and satellite launch., Two top Communist Party officials from the Xinjiang Region said security there has improved in the past year and passport restrictions have been lifted., New York's annual Asia Week kicks off Thursday. The 10-day festival brings together the world's leading collectors and dealers of Asian art., “Putting the people first in legislation and making legislation for them is an important principle that we must uphold in our legislative work,” Zhang said., The DPRK announced Wednesday its nuclear warheads "have been standardized to be fit for ballistic missiles" through miniaturization. DPRK leader Kim Jong Un claimed that scientists had developed miniaturized nuclear warheads that can fit on ballistic missiles, according to the official KCNA news agency., Among Republicans, Trump has at least 446 delegates and Cruz has at least 347. Rubio has at least 151 delegates and Kasich has at least 54. It takes 1,237 delegates to win the party nomination.

After Tuesday's results, Clinton has accumulated 1,221 delegates and Sanders 571, including superdelegates, the party insiders who can support whomever they like. Democrats need 2,383 delegates to win the nomination., Google's computer program AlphaGo defeated its human opponent, South Korean Go champion Lee Sedol, on Wednesday in the first face-off of a historic five-game match. AlphaGo's victory in the ancient Chinese board game is a breakthrough for artificial intelligence, showing the program developed by Google DeepMind has mastered one of the most creative and complex games ever devised., Under George Martin’s magisterial guidance, the Beatles transcended pop culture and created music that has stood the test of time. The work they produced has been covered and copied for decades, played as reggae music or chamber music or given a salsa beat., Dorian Murray, the 8-year-old boy with cancer who inspired people across China -- where the #dstrong hashtag was shared by thousands -- has died, friends of the family said on the "Praying for Dorian" Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/PrayingForDorian/posts/776281679171479

Read More: http://www.cctv-america.com/2016/03/09/dorian-murray-8-year-old-boy-who-inspired-people-across-china-has-died

Photo from the Praying for Dorian Facebook page., The Latin American nation of Bolivia is undergoing some significant changes in its political and economic scene. Its financial growth has been stable for the last decade, and with the world's biggest reserve for a newly-craved resource, the future is not looking dim., U.S. lawmakers are asking for another $600 billion to fight the drug addiction crisis., Tough economic and living conditions in Somalia have affected many. CCTV’s Abdulaziz Billow brings us the story of a woman with a thriving business in Mogadishu., Hour by hour, more and more refugees stream to the Greek border with Macedonia, hoping to make it to northern Europe., What took place over the weekend in Somalia is part of what is known in the West as the “Global War on Terror” -- many aspects of which are part of an invisible campaign led by the United States to neutralize Islamic insurgents wherever they may be., Of 12,000 volunteers selected to be part of this year's Olympic ceremonies, one dancer managed to stand out. She's a Chinese dance instructor who happened to visit during this year's Carnival celebration when she wowed crowds with her samba skills., Some have described 'Omar the Chechen' as the top overall military commander for IS., On International Women’s Day, many women around the world face a tough road to gender equality., In Mexico, water access is becoming a major issue, especially for people who live in low income neighborhoods., China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi has held a press conference on the sidelines of the Two Sessions on Tuesday., We got a sad update earlier today from the parents of Dorian, the 8-year-old boy from Rhode Island with terminal cancer whose last wish was to become famous in China: 

"Dorian is a fighter and he is still with us. He is making his transition at this time. Heaven is soon going to have the most beautiful angel ever."

Read more about Dorian, all the Chinese netizens he impacted,  and the GoFundMe initiative here., China's two-child policy came into effect this year. But for many Chinese women, raising more than one child will require more effort in caring for their families, which in turn, may add more difficulties to their career development., Foreign Minister Wang Yi: China cannot be accused of militarizing South China Sea
At a press conference on China’s foreign policy and foreign relations, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said other countries should be accused of militarizing the #SouthChinaSea.
Wang Yi said China is not the first country to deploy weapons on the Nansha islands, nor is it the country with the biggest deployment of weapons. He also added that it is not China that is holding the most military activities on the Nansha islands and their adjacent seas.#NPC #CPPCC, China's National Health and Family Planning Commission briefed the media on the two-child policy on Tuesday in Beijing. At the news conference, minister Li Bin said China’s family planning will still be instituted as basic state policy, and there is no timeframe for a complete end to family planning., It's International Women's Day. Have you thanked the women in your life today? Take a look at how this day is celebrated (or not) around the world: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-2016-international-womens-day, The families decided to sue after Malaysian Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai urged them to file claims under the Montreal Convention against Malaysia Airlines by March 8 in order to preserve their legal rights. The Montreal Convention sets a limitation of two years to file claims. 

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, This timelapse video shows Syrian artist Jafar Meray and soldiers at a checkpoint painting flowers on ruins in Homs, Syria.  The artwork serves to commemorate those who died in terror attacks and war in this neighborhood.  Jafar is also a photographer. (Video by CCTV reporter Xu Dezhi), KFC opens its first restaurant on Tuesday in Lhasa, capital city of Tibet Autonomous Region, offering its American-style fried chicken and coffee. 
(Photo:Weibo,Xinhua and China News Service), The Toronto Zoo revealed the names of the first giant pandas born in Canada. The male cub is named Jia Panpan (meaning Canadian Hope), and his sister is named Jia Yueyue (Canadian Joy).
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne were among the guests who got the first glimpse of the cubs, who were held in a special maternity area since their birth last October., #CPPCC #NPC #ChinaPolitics #2sessions, For the more than 1 million people who have arrived in Europe over the last year, there are fresh challenges to overcome., Organic food is proving it can make a difference in Brazil’s economy. The country’s been struggling to spur growth in most industries, except for the organic farming industry., Technology has transformed the way we communicate, work, and entertain. Many believe it could also change what we eat., These new reforms are supposed to help the Chinese farms meet the needs of the modern market, while changing the industry and farmers’ lives., Europe's refugee crisis again brought leaders from Turkey and the EU to Brussels., Football is massively popular in Egypt, but another, lesser-known sport with the same name hopes to kick off in the country. The so-called "American football" is making its way to the middle east., Barcelona is without a doubt the best football team in the world right now. It had a tremendous 2015 and is on course for similar success this season., Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that China cherishes friendship with #DPRK, but will not accommodate to its pursuit of nuclear, missile programs. He made the remarks at a press conference at the sidelines of China's ongoing parliamentary session. #NPC #CPPCC, Drug and gang-related violence has long been a problem in Mexico, but tourist destinations were generally spared from danger. Not so anymore as Acapulco is becoming known as much for its killings as its coastal resorts., Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi meets the press on the sidelines of the national legislature annual session. Wang is to talk about China's foreign policy on international and regional issues. #NPC #CPPCC (Xinhua Photo), Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi has addressed the South China Sea issue. He said military posturing there jeopardizes regional stability., Watch Live: Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi will hold news conference in 10 minutes. #NPC #CPPCC, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang has endorsed China's aim to lift many more people out of poverty in 2016., The United States and the Republic of Korea began their largest military exercises ever Monday, off the coast of the Korean peninsula., A U.S. Commerce Department investigation found that Chinese cell phone maker ZTE “has reexported controlled items to sanctioned countries contrary to United States law” by selling U.S. telecommunications parts to Iran — in violation of U.S. sanctions., China’s Finance Minister said growth will slow in the future, but the country still has room to increase government debt., China’s population is predicted to reach 1.42 billion by the end of 2020. While the population has grown, and is predicted to grow even further, there are serious concerns regarding China’s population demographics. These include whether there are enough young people to support China’s aging population, as well as a serious gender imbalance., DPRK threatens US and South Korea with nuclear strike as their joint military exercises kick off., The sandstorm brought by the gale turned the city red, decreasing visibility to below 50 meters (164 feet)., Horrible story. Trapped almost 30 days in a broken elevator., An ancient culture representing the majestic lives of kings and emperors still echoes through the city of Lahore, Pakistan.  After the fall of the Mughal dynasty in the 19th century, these monuments were hit by apathy and remained that way for years. The government's Archaeology Department can only attend to a few historical monuments and archaeological sites., The opposite of #oscarsSoWhite is the BET Honors awards which recognizes the cultural contributions of black-Americans. Entertainers, educators, and entrepreneurs and took place in Washington D.C. on Saturday., European Union leaders will meet on Monday for what’s been called a “make or break” summit with calls growing to abandon a German-led plan for a continent-wide solution. CCTV’s Guy Henderson reports from Berlin., CCTV America’s Susan Roberts interviewed Liu Huawen, the Secretary-General of the Center for Human Rights Studies at the China Academy of Social Sciences about how this new law can better protect people., The Associated Press reports that Honduran authorities say they have identified gunmen suspected of killing at least 12 people at a pool hall in the capital.

Police Commissioner Ivan Mejia says the suspects are believed to be gang members. He did not reveal their identities publicly Sunday, but authorities offered a $22,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of those responsible.

About five people wearing police uniforms and bulletproof vests burst into the billiards hall in Tegucigalpa on Saturday and opened fire with assault rifles. Police say about 30 people were there at the time. In addition to the 12 dead, three were wounded., Refugees stranded in Greece desperately want to reach Idomeni on the Greece-Macedonia border. Authorities banned buses from taking them there, but buses do arrive in the nearby villages. From here, most begin a long walk as they try to locate the overflowing border camp., Five national political advisors have briefed the media on this subject of how China will push forward reforms in various sectors across the country. CCTV's Xing Zheming reports from Beijing., In Peru, desperate men are doing anything they can to feed their families by mining for gold. But the mining is harming the precious rain forest The Peruvian government has hitting back hard at the gold miners, but in the process face a big dilemma. Should they preserve the well-being of a few thousand poor families, or entire planet that depend on the rain forests for clean air?

Watch this new CCTV America documentary tonight on America's Now at 6 p.m. Eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing Time: http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream/, President Xi Jinping's proposed the Belt and Road Initiative has been a hot topic during the political season. CCTV's Hou Na reports from Beijing about expectations for the initiative., This was the third massive bombing in and around Baghdad in a little over a week, and although there was no immediate claim of responsibility, it appeared to be part of a campaign by the Islamic State group to stage attacks deep behind front lines in order to wreak havoc and force the government to overextend its forces., The memorial comes just days after debris, suspected of belonging to the ill-fated plane, was found off the coast of Mozambique. The anniversary ceremony was, once again, organized by the families of the victims. Malaysia’s government has yet to hold any official commemoration or remembrance of the tragedy., NPC and CPPCC: China's economic planner expects no hard landing, Former First Lady Nancy Reagan has died. She was 94. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=129917, There is a flexible forecast for China's economy. Beijing has set a range for its projected economic growth for only the second time.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Need just the right cigar to go with your after dinner drink? These sommeliers are the experts to ask. They are competing in Havana. Michael Voss reports., Imagine using the energy you generate from exercise to power batteries.  Students in Mexico are making it work., Inside the illegal gold mining industry of Peru. Gerry Hadden reports on Sunday's special addition of Americas Now. 7pm EST. 
Watch anywhere at cctvamericalive.com, CCTV’s Mark Niu reports a scientist claims he’s created a matchmaking service to alleviate the problem of keeping salmon DNA diverse at fish farms.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Turkey’s largest-circulation newspaper is linked to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s top foe, U.S.-based opposition cleric Fethullah Gulen.  CCTV’s Michal Bardavid reports from Istanbul.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Nearly 12,000 people, mostly from Syria and Iraq, are stranded there. The conditions getting worse by the day since several European countries imposed new border restrictions. CCTV’s Filio Kontrafouri reports.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Amazing photos. Would you ever try climbing to these heights?, SpaceX launched successfully at Cape Canaveral, but again had a hard landing.  The leftover first-stage booster hit a floating barge hard attempting to land 400 miles off the coast of Cape Canaveral.  The unmanned Falcon 9 rocket was successful hoisting the broadcasting satellite for Luxembourg-based company SES., Following are 20 figures and facts highlighted in a government work report distributed to media ahead of the annual session of the National People's Congress (#NPC) on Saturday morning., China aims to keep energy consumption within 5 billion tonnes of standard coal equivalent by 2020, it said in its five-year plan published on Saturday, marking the first time the world's second-biggest economy has set such a target. #NPC #CPPCC #2sessions, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said the Chinese government will lift over 10 million rural residents out of poverty in 2016. #2sessions #NPC #CPPCC #ChinaPolitics, Americans are not alone, when it comes to their love for online streaming. Cancelling cable subscriptions is a growing trend in Colombia, but the cable companies are putting up a fight., This is a good time to be graduating from college in the U.S. according to a new report. Wages for new graduates are at their highest level in more than a decade. Unemployment rates for the group are falling too., China's steel industry is facing the daunting task of fighting overproduction., As members are gathered in Beijing for the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, or CPPCC, thousands of elected delegates are attending the National People’s Congress, or NPC. #NPC #CPPCC, Over the last two decades, China's defense spending has usually increased every year by double digits. There were exceptions. In 2010, it only went up 7.5 percent., One focus of this year's policy review and legislative sessions is supply-side reform. China is moderately expanding overall demand now, and at the same time, intensifying supply-side structural reform. #NPC #CPPCC, In Carmike deal, China creates world’s largest movie chain in N. America, "7%-8%": China to announce what could be the lowest military budget rise in 6 years. #NPC #CPPCC, The Zika virus is capable of quickly infecting and harming developing fetal brain cells, scientists said on Friday in a study that provides insight into how the mosquito-born virus might cause the birth defect microcephaly in fetuses exposed in the womb., Lula left police office after 3 hours' questioning according to the latest report., The gains show that the U.S. economy has weathered a global economic slowdown and falling financial markets  -- without suffering much blowback., How are China's #NPC deputies elected? This post explains., A number of physical and cosmological experiments, including those concerned with the search for dark matter, will be conducted in this new lab., "7%-8%": China to announce what could be the lowest military budget rise in 6 years. #NPC #CPPCC  
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?s=NPC+CPPCC, Two sessions in panorama #NPC #CPPCC
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?s=NPC+CPPCC, #AskChina Your chance to get answers from the Chinese government officials. 
If you want to be involved in the on-going Two Sessions, here is your chance. #NPC #CPPCC, Meet the renowned lion whisperer and his pride of big cats, During Colombia's 50-year war, tens of thousands of people have gone missing. Colombians call them "Desaparecidos" - "the Disappeared". Now forensics officials are beginning the painstaking task of searching for the missing in unmarked graves., The Unites States is the world's largest cigar market, but because of the U.S. trade embargo, it is not allowed to import Cuban cigars., Right now, there are about 7 billion people living on Planet Earth. By the end of the century, the global population is projected to soar past 11 billion., North China’s Shanxi province will be the first city in China with entirely electric taxis. CCTV’s Hu Chao reports from Taiyuan, the capital of Shanxi province., A recent study of the waterways around New York City found that the most common type of plastic in the water was foam from coffee cups and takeout plates. Also among the debris are microbeads, or tiny pieces of plastic used in some toothpastes and body scrubs., For truckers, finding the right route is no trivial matter. In the San Francisco Bay area, for example, there are a number of roads and highways that heavy trucks are not allowed to drive on, so they could end up paying hundreds, and perhaps thousands, in fines., In 2014, traffic doubled in Bogota, Colombia over the previous last 10 years, government officials found. One app developer said he has the solution to congested roads., Bolivia's first indigenous president Evo Morales has just celebrated a decade in power -- a period during which Bolivia's indigenous population have benefited from a steady decline in poverty and the tripling of the average per-capita income., As Zika spreads across countries and continents, health officials are concerned about a rise in another serious condition believed linked to the virus: Guillain-Barre syndrome., Amid months of violence, sparked by presidential ambition, Burundi seeks a way forward. How can the African nation find peace?, The United States has extended sanctions against Russia over its role in the Ukraine crisis. CCTV’s Julia Lyubova reports from Moscow., The Democratic People's Republic of Korea leader Kim Jong-un has ordered his country's nuclear weapons made ready for use at a moment's notice, the official state news agency reported Friday.

Kim also said his country will ready its military so it is prepared to carry out pre-emptive attacks, calling the current situation very precarious, according to the country's official Korean Central News Agency., Former Presidential candidate Mitt Romney took to the airwaves to attack the Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump on Thursday. Trump responded with a long criticism of Romney., Buzzwords from China’s #NPC, #CPPCC from A-Z, The DPRK (North Korea) fired six short-range projectiles into the sea off its east coast Thursday, South Korean officials said, just hours after the U.N. Security Council approved the toughest sanctions on the North in two decades for its recent nuclear test and long-range rocket launch., What people are talking about China's #NPC and #CPPCC on social media?, Read this interview with the adventurer who found plane debris in Mozambique - possibly from the missing MH370., China has sent two giant pandas, Ai Bao and Le Bao, to S. Korea. The pandas will make their public debut in April., China's political season is underway. The National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (#CPPCC), China’s top political advisory body, and the National People’s Congress (#NPC), the country’s top legislature determine policy for the coming year. What exactly are those meetings?  This video explains., The 4th annual session of the 12th National Committee of #CPPCC kicked off in Beijing on Thursday. China's top political advisor Yu Zhengsheng called on all CPPCC members to advise on the 13th Five-Year Plan.  #NPC #2Sessions #ChinaPolitics, Donald Trump has centered his campaign on hot-button issues such as immigration from places like Mexico. He has also frequently targeted China with tough rhetoric., The center of the U.S. oil industry is in Texas, where fracking helped create the 2nd largest state economy in the United States. Twenty months into the oil price collapse the heart of the oil industry is beginning to break., A day after Super Tuesday, when the largest share of delegates so far were awarded, the field of candidates for the White House appears to be thinning. Republican Ben Carson says he doesn't see a path forward anymore. Experts expect him to drop out., Over the course of it's 24 year long history, New York Restaurant Week has become a bi-annual event marked by locals and tourists alike. This year New York Restaurant Week grew to a record number and cities around the world are imitating the program, hoping to replicate some of it's success., Facing a shrinking workforce and a strained pension system, China is hoping to raise the retirement age for the first time in 60 years., China's annual political season is getting underway in Beijing. The top political advisory body, the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference or CPPCC, opens its session on Thursday. Issues on the agenda include the economy and social welfare., The DPRK’s launches also come shortly after Seoul approved its first legislation on human rights in the DPRK. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=128267, Farm subsidies have been debated for decades, but it's taken on greater urgency with the possibility that the U.K. may leave the European Union., BREAKING NEWS VIA @AP: DPRK fires short-range projectiles into sea hours after UN sanctions slapped on Pyongyang, People are lining up for gas in Nigera. Most filling stations have run out of supply and the few still selling have been jam-packed by motorists waiting to fill their tanks. The scarcity comes at a time when President Muhammadu Buhari is working to get OPEC leaders to stabilize the price of crude in the global oil market., Voters in a dozen U.S. states cast ballots for Republican and Democratic Presidential nominees on Super Tuesday yesterday., In Peru, desperate men are doing anything they can to feed their families by mining for gold. But the mining is harming the precious rain forest., Mexico City planners are hoping a new energy-efficient public transit system that resembles a ski gondola will alleviate the city's notorious gridlock., The found part in Mozambique is called a horizontal stabilizer. Mozambique’s National Director of Civil Aviation Joao Abreu dismissed the report, saying authorities have found no part of the missing plane. But Malaysian transport minister Liow Tiong Lai tweeted about the discovery.

Authorities have long predicted that any debris from the plane that isn’t on the ocean floor would eventually be carried by currents to the east coast of Africa., At 340 days, this is the 4th-longest manned space flight, ever. See the others and the top 20 astronauts / cosmonauts who have spent the most time in space., Yang Hongtao, who drives the route 17 bus, spent his entire salary to aid his visually-impaired passengers., Indonesia lifts tsunami warning issued after powerful quake, The ban reflects growing anger at Pyongyang’s latest nuclear test and rocket launch in defiance of a ban on all nuclear-related activity., The fight between Apple and the FBI changed venues, out of the courtroom, and into the U.S. Congress., If passed the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership would be the world’s biggest free trade zone with a billion consumers. The partnership would eliminate tariffs on U.S. and European businesses that want to trade with each other. Negotiators believe they can wrap up talks by the end of the year, but many European farmers fear the deal will drive them out of business., Cigar enthusiasts from around the world have flown to Cuba to attend this week's annual Havana Cigar Festival. Despite economic problems around the world, sales of Cuba's hand rolled cigars continue to grow., On the campus of the University of Texas and across the country, candidates have been reaching out to young voters., China's factory output continued its run of declines in February as the services sector posted its weakest growth rate in seven months., Custom-made prosthesis to replace lost limbs have been made for years by hand in a labor-intensive process. But now 3-D printing is offering an alternative., null, The cease-fire in Syria that began at midnight last Friday has brought a reduction in hostilities for the first time in the five-year war that has killed more than a quarter million people, displaced half of Syria’s population, and flooded Europe with refugees., Latest Super Tuesday primary results (via AP and NBC)

Clinton = Georgia, Virginia, Alabama, Tennessee

Sanders = Vermont
 
Trump = Georgia, Alabama, Massachusetts, Tennessee, The latest election poll released Tuesday has found that former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is still in the lead, but challenger U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders is just ten points behind. On the Republican side, businessman Donald Trump has a big lead over Senators Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz. So-called "swing states" will play a big role in determining the next president., A toddler fell from the back of a car on Feb. 27 in East China's Suzhou province, but was unhurt. The whole thing was captured on a dashcam. Car seats for children are rarely used in China., When was the last time you enjoyed a good cigar? Our correspondent Michael Voss was with a bunch of people that do it often at the opening night champagne Gala of the Havana Cigar Festival. Watch his story on CCTV America tonight at 7 p.m. eastern 8 a.m. Beijing time: http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream/, View photos from Super Tuesday:, It’s the busiest day of the 2016 primary campaign, with a quarter of Americans having their say.


Democrats will vote in 11 states and American Samoa on Super Tuesday, with 865 delegates up for grabs. It will take 1,237 delegates to secure the nomination at the party’s national convention in July. Republicans will vote in 11 states, with 595 delegates at stake — nearly half the 1,237 delegates needed to gain the nomination at the party’s convention, also in July.


States holding voting contests in both parties Tuesday are Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont and Virginia. Republicans vote in Alaska and Democrats in Colorado., A United Nations Security Council vote on the toughest sanctions on Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, or DPRK, in two decades has been postponed until Wednesday morning at Russia’s request, France said Tuesday., Champion jumper!
Kristi Baird watches as her dog ‘Echo’ leaps into the water to record the distance of his jump during the Dock Dogs West Coast Challenge in Bakersfield, California. The current world record is 31 feet (about 9.5 meters) and is held by a Whippet called Cochiti. Dock diving is a sport where agile dogs compete for prizes by jumping for distance from a dock into a pool of water.
(Photo: AFP), Many Americans die from health related issues that are preventable.  The 10 leading causes of death in the United States accounted for 74 percent of all registered deaths, according to the National Center for Health Statistics. Diseases of the heart and cancer were the two leading causes of death, claiming just under 1.2 million lives. 
This chart shows the leading causes of death among people in the United States in 2013., Pictures: Having a selfie with a sea lion!
The dancing sea lions were caught on camera by photographer Marc Damant, while he was scuba diving with his wife Angela at Norris Rocks, off the coast of British Columbia in Canada.
(Photo credit:Marc Damant via Xinhua Pictures), VIDEO: Two boys throw firecrackers into a car, burn it down
Newly released video show two boys set a car on fire with firecrackers, burning it down to the frame earlier this month in the city of Liupanshui in southwest China's Guizhou Province., Today is Super Tuesday in the U.S. What's it all about? Watch here., VOTE: What do you think should be discussed at the Two-Sessions? 

The annual sessions of the National People’s Congress (NPC) and Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), also known as the “Two-Sessions”, are a significant political event. They are where the Chinese government reports its work to the national legislative body, seeks approval for its next year’s budget and consults with the top political advisory institutions which set out the country’s policy objectives. 

China’s “Two-Sessions” are just around the corner and will start on March 3. But which topics would China's social media community like to see on the national political agenda and do you agree with them? Click the following link to vote on the opinion poll! #2sessions #ChinaPolitics

https://fans.vote/v/AClNX-5jKns, As Latin America’s second-largest economy slows, Mexico’s central bank is stepping in to keep things going with a surprise interest rate hike., Shanghai Disneyland tickets on sale March 28
Disneyland Shanghai will finally open its doors in June after five years in the making. Tickets will start to be available on March 28 with prices set at 499 yuan for opening day., At an event in Beijing on Monday, leaders from both the U.S. and China kicked off “U.S. China Tourism Year”, in what they hope will be a record-breaking year for travel., Part of winning Virginia’s primary election is winning the votes of Asian-Americans. Their influence in the state is growing, especially in the northern part of the state., The Heat explores China's growing film industry. Box office revenues hit a record high in 2015, and Hollywood produced more movies specifically for the Chinese market. We talked to:

* James Fong, CEO of Oriental DreamWorks, the Chinese-American film production company involved in the creation of “Kung Fu Panda 3” about China’s growing film industry.

* Janet Yang, a Golden Globe and Emmy winning producer behind such films as “Shanghai Calling,” “Dark Matter” and “The Joy Luck Club.”

* Peter Shiao, founder and CEO of Orb Media Group and founder and chairman of the U.S.-China Film Summit., Under a new program in China -- If you're from 51 select countries and traveling to the Shanghai area for six days or less, you don't need need a visa.  See how the program has been going., The famed ballet troupe the National Ballet of China traveled to major U.S. universities for an 11-day cultural exchange to offer an in-depth look at how it combines Chinese elements with a traditionally western art form., CCTV America interviewed Anthony Chan, a chief economist at Chase about China’s decision to cut the reserve requirement ratio and how could that affect the economy., Iranian lawmakers who supported a nuclear deal that ended years of punitive economic sanctions have won a majority in parliamentary elections. It strengthens their mandate for Iran to re-establish western trade links after years of isolation. But some analysts say change won’t be as quick, or easy, as many would like., From the first day he announced his candidacy, Donald Trump has made immigration central to his campaign, but his position is striking a nerve for many in the United States., Half-way through his term as governor of the commonwealth of Virginia, Terry McAuliffe is all about trade. In 2014, Virginia exported more than $19 billion in goods, and $2 billion of that was to China., The international community met Monday in Geneva to shore up the shaky cessation of violence in Syria and pave a way to the resumption peace talks. While all sides are reporting some incidents of shelling and bombing, Syria is overall calmer than it has been in years., Oil-producing Venezuela is undergoing the steepest recession of anywhere in the world. The government has cut imports, and a collapse in the street value of the currency means most Venezuelans are finding products made outside the country unaffordable., U.S. automaker Ford plans to double its investment in Mexico. The move follows a $2.5 billion investment last year by the company to build an engine and a transmission plant in the country., Hundreds of desperate migrants broke through a security fence on the Greece-Macedonia border Monday. Police pushed back by using tear gas., CCTV America's Michael Voss is at the #Havana Cigar Festival where they just announced the launch of the shortest #Cohiba ever, the medio siglo, a 30-minute smoke aimed at countries with strict anti smoking laws, and the Cohiba 50, the fattest most expensive cigar every produced in Cuba. Keep watching CCTV America for this upcoming story., One of the most important days in the race for the White House in in the United States is known as Super Tuesday, which takes place on March 1. Candidates fro bother parties hope to win delegates in primaries and caucuses in 12 states., Breaking news via Associated Press: Judge in New York drug case: US can't force Apple to provide FBI access to locked iPhone data., The President of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, is assuring citizens his government will make every effort to get food aid to drought-affected regions. But his assurances came after Mugabe fell under heavy criticism for holding his 92nd birthday party in one of the worst-affected provinces., U.S. presidential candidates will face their first true test on March.1st. Check this video to learn more about on the 12 states with delegates up for grab Super Tuesday., INTERACTIVE: Alejandro Iñárritu's win last night for "The Revenant" makes him the Oscar's 88th Best Director. Only 6 times have non-white or female directors won: Iñárritu (twice), Ang Lee (twice), Kathryn Bigelow, and Alfonso Cuarón., Aerial photos of early cherry blossoms in S.E. China
People in the southeastern Chinese city of Longyan, Fujian Province, are now able to shrug off the winter blues and welcome early cherry blossoms., The two sides will work together to maintain the peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula, said a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson., Video: A drunken driver, who tried to escape after his car crashed into another moving vehicle, found sleeping when he was caught by police in Shunde, south China's Guangdong province, last Tuesday., Michelle Begue reports from Medellin on a rubbish dump which could contain one of the city’s largest mass graves., Illicit activity – like illegal mining – is widespread and extremely profitable throughout Latin America. Activities like drug-trafficking in Mexico, account for tens of billions of dollars each year.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on FacebookO, 60 percent of Iran's 55 million people eligible to vote showed up at the polls. 

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Swiss voters rejected a proposal by a nationalist party to automatically expel foreigners who commit even low-level crime.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, null, null, null, #OscarsSoWhite - Women or minorities given the nod for Best Director make up less than 5% of all nominees. Since 1927., April Reign talks about #OscarsSoWhite with CCTV America's Susan Roberts., Asian actors are also struggling to gain ground in Hollywood. May Lee reports. 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Changes to China's two child policy is good for nannies., VIDEO: Learn more about the 12 U.S. states with delegates up for grab Super Tuesday., There’s a neighborhood in Colombia that guerilla groups and paramilitaries have fought for control over for years. Now it may hold the answer to what happened to 300 missing Colombians. Correspondent Michelle Begue reports from Medellin on a rubbish dump which could contain one of the city’s largest mass graves. [  110 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=126214, Political analyst Laura Carlsen joins “Americas Now” anchor Elaine Reyes from Mexico City to discuss the impact of illegal enterprises on government and society in South America. [  85 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=126210, VIDEO: May Lee has some pre-award observations from the Oscars Red Carpet., VIDEO: CCTV's May Lee is on the Oscar Red Carpet. She gives you a idea of how crowded it is., If this video suggests anything, it is this panda is longing to see the outside world. A panda cub at Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding tried to go through an iron door.  Watch to see if he was successful. .#panda #giantpanda, Thomas Knox sets up a table and two chairs, inviting strangers to join him for a conversation or to play a game – all while they wait for their train to arrive.

“I learn so much more from people when I have a conversation with them, rather than me just looking at them and assuming,” says Thomas., Grazer's latest creation is the New York Times bestseller, A Curious Mind: The Secret to a Bigger Life. It provides readers with an inside look at what Grazer calls “curiosity conversations,” informal discussions he’s had with hundreds of the most beautiful minds in the world…many even with complete strangers., “Listening is a generous gift,” says Julian. “It’s an amazing thing and it is under threat.”

Julian is an author, entrepreneur and the founder and chair of The Sound Agency, a UK-based firm that advises businesses, worldwide, on how to use sound to increase sales, influence environments and improve customer and staff satisfaction., Photographer Nigel Skeet has made a very successful career out of taking pictures of famous American rock bands like Motley Crue, AC/DC and Metallica, among others. When he became aware of the homeless problem in his own community, he decided to photograph some of them the same way he would a rock star, complete with professional hair and makeup., Gers or yurts number in the hundreds of thousands outside Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia. Problem is they were never  but  they were never designed for city life. Now the city is working to incorporate them in their urban planning., Former Olympic figure skater Michelle Kwan tells CCTV America's Jim Spellman why she went into international relations after retiring and why she supports Hillary Clinton:, Clinton wins in South Carolina, drawing overwhelming support from the state's black Democrats and putting her in a strong position as the race barrels toward crucial multi-state contests on Tuesday., Syrian business owners and residents expressed their hope that the truce that came into effect at midnight on Friday will be respected by all sides. The ceasefire aims at reducing violence in the war-torn nation with the hope of bringing back representatives of the Syrian government and the opposition to the negotiating table in Geneva for talks on a political transition., China has reported it’s eighth case of the Zika virus; the latest person infected may have contracted it while on a trip to South America. China has increased screening at its borders. We check in on the process at Beijing International Airport., Incumbent Yoweri Museveni won last week’s polls by a majority 60.5 percent. But observers have criticized Uganda’s government for using security forces against opposition candidates and supporters. However the Uganda government says it carried out a legitimate election despite international criticism., The G-20 released a communique that said that the global recovery falls short of being strong, sustainable and balanced and many are concerned at the slow speed of reform., After 17 years under the all-powerful Sepp Blatter, a sign of the FIFA president's newly diminished powers will come when Gianni Infantino's salary is revealed. The head of world soccer will no longer be the best-paid person in the governing body under reforms instigated to curb the president's powers after corruption scandals that threatened FIFA's existence., AP reports that Yemen officials say Saudi-led airstrikes hit market area near capital, killing at least 30 people, mostly civilians., As the Zika virus spreads in Brazil and elsewhere, one key factor is becoming clear. People in poor communities are being hit much harder than those in affluent areas., There are two big developments out of the U.N. one of which is the Syria Special Envoy has scheduled the next round of peace talks for March 7th. The second is that the Security Council has voted for unanimous approval of the Syria ceasefire., Heavyweight founders and investors from the tech world are gathering at the Startup Grind 2016 conference in Silicon Valley. While tech is often viewed as a world of engineers coding into the wee hours of the night and venture capitalists swooping in with billion-dollar deals, many founders are stressing over a sense of purpose and balance., Until recently, shoppers looking to buy furniture in Mexico have had only two choices: expensive imports or low-end furnishings made of pine., The AMC branded movie theater in New York is a place where many Oscar nominated films have been shown. Once again, not a single minority actor or actress has been nominated in the Oscar's top categories for a second year running., European Football's Gianni Infantino has been elected as the new FIFA president. His task now is to restore the reputation of world football's governing body that has been plagued by a corruption scandal., In Shanghai The Group of 20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors meeting is underway. At the two-day meeting, they'll discuss policies to boost global economic growth and minimize risks., Cuba continues to normalize relations with the world. And China-U.S. relations continue to evolve after a visit from Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi to Washington, DC.  The U.S. presidential race is heating up too. And the Zika virus and its impact on Brazil and Latin America is growing. We explore some of the biggest stories with our reporters’ round table., This is what the number of women and minority nominees for Best Director looks like., There was heavy voter turnout during Iran's elections. Voters cast their ballots for the Parliament and Assembly of Experts. Polling hours were extended three times but have now closed., New York City is known for its many restaurants, offering food from all around the world. There is a new chef in town now named Manal Kahi. She is a Lebanese refugee who delivers food, spreads culture and employs a staff as exotic as her dishes., China’s e-sports industry is growing at an explosive rate., The votes are in: FIFA has a new president., The FIFA Congress votes Friday to elect a new president, replacing scandal-clad Sepp Blatter. Here’s who’s running and how it works:, This could have been much, much worse., The planned ceasefire is just around the corner, but fighting between insurgents and government forces continues to escalate. CCTV's reporter Xu Dezhi visited the town of Darayya, a suburb just 8 kilometers outside Damascus., "I know it’s dangerous to hit the road, and I haven’t driven it in public before. Today I was in a rush to send my child to school, so I came up with the idea to drive it since the school is quite close,” explained the car owner, who is also the inventor. According to him, the car is not electric but human powered., There are five candidates looking to replace Sepp Blatter at FIFA., It was a rare chance for China’s top diplomatic official to speak at length at a top think-tank in Washington., China is investing billions of yuan to combat air pollution. The government has set a target of reducing air pollutants by more than 10 percent by 2017, compared with 2012's levels. While the country spends heavily on solving the problem, individuals are also using their hard-earned cash to protect themselves from smog., The Oscars are just days away, and one of the movies up for this year's Best Picture at the iconic Hollywood award show is The Martian., The appetite for mergers and acquisitions doesn’t seem to be going away. That’s especially true in the U.S. where they have hit a record 2.5 trillion dollars in 2015., Greenland voted to leave the EU in 1982, after gaining more autonomy from Denmark and being a self-governing part of that country. It took three years to wrap up negotiations to quit., New York City boasts the biggest number of hedge funds in the U.S. And you'd think that the second largest hedge fund community would be in a similar sized city, like a Chicago or an L.A., but you'd be wrong., Ireland is going to the polls on Friday. The first general elections since it exited the EU-IMF bailout program in 2013., This week’s G20 meeting will be focused on how countries can revive flagging growth. CCTV’s Martina Fuchs spoke with World Bank Group President Jim Yong Kim on the topic., As Hollywood prepares to honor what the establishment there considers to be the best in film, at the 88th Academy Awards, a new report has put the so-called "Tinsel-town" and its lack of diversity in the spotlight., More #GunViolence in the U.S. tonight. Local #Kansas station KWCH 12 Eyewitness News is on the scene of one of multiple attack scenes where a gunman shot others at Excel Industries where he worked. The gunman is reportedly dead., From the Associated Press: County sheriff: 'As many' as 3-4 dead, up to 20 hurt in Hesston, Kansas, attacks., In Iran, two key elections will happen on the same day. In one of those, the people of Iran will go to the polls in less than 24 hours to elect members of the Parliament and the Assembly of Experts., The planned ceasefire for Syria is just around the corner, but fighting between insurgents and government forces there continues to escalate., Congratulations to Full Frame! The show's story on Bea Johnson and how she takes “reduce, reuse, and recycle” to an entirely new level is being featured at the One Earth Film Festival March 4-5. One Earth Film Festival   Full Frame CCTV America Zero Waste Home

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/06/20/zero-waste-with-bea-johnson#ixzz41D2IwzYV 

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and @BarackObama meet and shake at the White House., Who are the Jats? Learn more about the group in North India whose protests disrupted water supply to country's capital city and nearly 10 million people., See the Top 10 cities where billionaires live., Now more than just "Like", you can give a Facebook post a "Haha" or "Wow" or any one of the 5 new reactions you can post to a story. CCTV America's Elizabeth Shell explains.  Hover over the  below and check out the new emoticons you can use to interact with us!, World Health Organization director, Margaret Chan, wrapped up her two day visit to Brazil on Wednesday praising the country's efforts to tackle the mosquito-borne Zika virus. She added the country will be able to to host the Olympic Games safely in August., American real estate mogul Donald Trump is one step closer to securing the Republican Party nomination for the White House., An Indian company has launched what it claims is the world’s cheapest smartphone., Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi is in the midst of a three-day visit to Washington., The search for renewable energy takes us to rural Mexico. That’s where one entrepreneur found a way to cut costs in a region where resources are drying up., Oil prices may be down these days, but producers are still going strong in parts of the U.S., China announced the end of its decades-long "one child" policy last October. The government says China could become home to the most elderly population on the planet in just 15 years., Jack Ma, the founder of Chinese company Alibaba, sees himself first and foremost as a teacher, which was his first profession. Ma's story of his rise to riches has become legendary, and has helped make him China's most well-known business leader., Venezuela's Central Bank says it intends to issue larger denomination bank notes, as citizens in the Latin American nation struggle to cope with rampant inflation, which is the world's highest., In Zurich, Switzerland all five of the FIFA presidential candidates are busy lobbying for votes ahead of Friday's elections., Brazilian plane maker Embraer is rolling out its newest commercial aircraft. The Brazilian company hopes the "E-2" will make it a leader in the regional travel market., Refugees from all over the world have sought sanctuary in the so-called 'Jungle' camp in Calais, France. They're waiting to hear if a judge will approve a government plan to demolish part of the camp. That decision is expected Thursday., It's the case of Chinese American police officer, Peter Liang. A New York City policeman who was recently found guilty of manslaughter in the 2014 shooting death of an unarmed black American man., Skies in DC are ready to light up., The Hurun Global Rich List 2016 was released on Wednesday, a ranking of the US dollar billionaires currently found in the world. Who are the top 10 rich worldwide? And who are the richest in China? Check the photos for the details., Thousands protested over the weekend over the guilty verdict for former NYPD Officer Peter Liang for the manslaughter death of Akai Gurley. The Heat spoke with Liang's attorney Rae Downes Koshetz about the case. Watch our interview with her and in-depth coverage of the case tonight at 6 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time.

Tell us what you think about the verdict. Was it fair? Take our poll here: https://polldaddy.com/poll/9316497/

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=124503, Who are the Jats and how have they impacted water supplies in India, where water resources are already limited? Learn more here:, The Chinese’s leading smartphone maker Xiaomi has unveiled its new flagship device during Mobile World Congress wireless show in Barcelona, Spain, on Wednesday. 
The Mi 5, according to the introduction, is fast and lightweight. Experts say the new phone's performance can compete with iPhone 6s.
It is around $300 for the regular Mi 5 and less than $400 for the Mi 5 Pro with extra RAM, storage, and a ceramic back. The new phone will be available in China from March 1st,  and Xiaomi says a launch in India will follow China, with "other markets" coming after that.

Photo: AP, CFP., Curious what our newsroom looks like? Check out this 360-degree view of our office from The Desk., Now more than just "Like", you can give a Facebook post a "Haha" or "Wow" or any one of the 5 new reactions you can post to a story. Hover over the 👍 below and check out the new emoticons you can use to interact with us!, The wreckage of the plane that crashed in Nepal early Wednesday killing all people on board has been found, the airline said in a statement.
All 23 passengers, including two infants and three crew members, were killed in the crash, according to the statement. A Chinese national from Hong Kong and a Kuwaiti citizen were among the dead., China said it has decoded the gene sequence of the Zika virus, which was extracted from the country’s first patient., Snow rollers spotted in Fairfield, Idaho, earlier this month. 

According to the National Weather Service under National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in the United States, snow rollers are typically cylindrical in shape, hollow in the center with multiple layers forming its outer cover – somewhat like a cinnamon roll. It is formed when strong wind gusts blow the snow and it picks up everything on its way., A luxury car was immersed in the water, making quite an impression in the city of Shanghai on Wednesday. This is a form of street art called “Kingkong Mermaid,” which is promoted by the car brand., Video: A wild giant panda was recently spotted in a nature reserve in northwest China's Shaanxi Province, local authorities said Tuesday.

From tapes obtained last Friday from 30 infrared cameras installed in the Huangguanshan Nature Reserve, staff found a panda searching for food. Experts concluded from the pictures that the panda is a sub-adult in good physical condition, weighing about 60 kilograms (over 132 pounds).

Last year, reserve staff discovered a wild panda in the area for the first time., While skyscrapers are on the rise Creative or weird architecture is on the decline. New guidelines on urban planning will forbid the construction of bizarre, over sized and odd-shaped buildings, and China does have many of those., More than 10,000 unaccompanied migrant children have disappeared. That's according to Europol., The South China Sea and the DPRK's nuclear program are just some of the issues on the table, as the Chinese Foreign Minister kicked off a three-day visit to the United States. After their meeting, Wang Yi and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry talked to reporters in a lengthy news conference at the U.S. State Department., Some researchers now say the Zika virus may become even more widespread as the planet continues to warm., British Prime Minister David Cameron and London Mayor Boris Johnson are usually allies, but this time they're on opposite sides of the so-called BREXIT debate: whether or not Britain should exit the European Union., China's penchant for buildings isn't just transforming the country. Some Chinese architects are also influencing how the world looks at them., Taking a vacation in Cuba is easier than ever, especially now that diplomatic ties between Havana and Washington have been restored., A disparity between blacks and whites in the United States on such issues as income, social justice and place in society existed long before U.S. president Barack Obama ever took office., The head of the World Health Organization is in Brazil meeting with the country’s president and other top officials to assess the situation there and the country’s response., Intravenous drug use in Colombia is causing infections to be on the rise, but a non-profit organization says infection numbers could be lowered by offering syringe kits to heroin and liquid cocaine users., In Bolivia, early results are in from Sunday's referendum and it appears president Evo Morales is losing his bid to extend his term through a constitutional amendment., The plan, which was delivered to Congress, makes a financial argument for closing the controversial detention center. U.S. officials say it calls for up to $475 million in construction costs that would ultimately be offset by as much as $180 million per year in operating cost savings., Photos: Photographer Brett Stanley Photography captures pole dancers' moves underwater, as a way of showing it as a beautiful sport not just an erotic performance, in 2015 in Los Angeles, California, United States.
(Photos by Brett Stanley/Barcroft Media, via CFP), NASA release odd sound recorded in 1969 on dark side of the moon, Photos: Multiple exposure photos show the full moon over #Beijing, China at night on #LanternFestival (Xinhua Photos), Night markets are popular in many parts of the world and especially in Asia. Now they are showing up in some U.S. cities., As technology advances rapidly, our dependence on gadgets in everyday life gets deeper. From smartphones to the internet of things, everyone's on the lookout., One place relying on Chinese investment is Indonesia. Southeast Asia's largest economy has been struggling, missing most of its economic targets set for 2015., The Zika virus epidemic in Brazil and Latin America brought new light to microcephaly, an abnormal brain condition that has been linked to the virus., British Prime Minister David Cameron says a referendum on staying or leaving the European Union in June is a one-off. There won’t be another., Los Angeles, California is making a serious commitment to eliminating homelessness with a proposal of nearly two billion dollars., China is moving forward with reform plans designed to build a stronger, modern military., As Mexico makes strides to legalize cannabis, there is still strong opposition, even when it is used to treat the sick., Word of a ceasefire for Syria brokered by Moscow and Washington is expected to take effect by the end of the week., India's military says it is back in control of a canal that had been taken over and sabotaged by protesters, after days of deadly demonstrations., Thousands protested over the weekend over the guilty verdict for former NYPD Officer Peter Liang for the manslaughter death of Akai Gurley. We spoke with Liang's attorney Rae Downes Koshetz about the case. Watch it below and watch her full interview on our in-depth coverage of the Liang case on Wednesday on the Heat at 6 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time.

Tell us what you think about the verdict. Was it fair? Take our poll here:  https://polldaddy.com/poll/9316497/

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=124503, But who made the mini couches?, This Monday marks China’s Lantern Festival, the 15th day of the first month in the Chinese lunar calendar, and the last day of the Lunar New Year celebrations., This video is adorable. 106-year-old Virginia McLaurin is just thrilled by her trip to the White House to meet the Obamas. Viewed over 31 million times so far. Read more about how the meeting was arranged at http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=124968, Pictures: China celebrates Lantern Festival
Monday marks Chinese #LanternFestival. People across China are gearing up and busy decorating lanterns, preparing delicacies and organizing various activities for the celebration., A male #panda in Belgium’s Pairi Daiza zoo was refusing to mate with its female partner. So the zoo authorities asked two Chinese experts to step in., Monday marks Chinese Lantern Festival. People across China are gearing up and busy decorating lanterns, preparing delicacies and organizing various activities for the celebration., The ventilation corridors could facilitate air flow and blow away potential smog and pollutants.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Another escalator accident in China., Julia was a young graphic designer who was bothered by all the rubbish she saw littering the sidewalks.  So she decided start an organization to confront the problem with a positive approach., In two decades, Medellin went from being known as the home of drug lord Pablo Escobar to Innovative City of the Year. But as Medellin embarks on its largest urban project to date, not everyone is supportive., Costa Rica has one of the largest populations of centenarians on the planet. What’s the secret to their longevity?, After a week of violent protests, India has agreed to revise its caste-based quota system., Kerry expected U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin to speak on the phone soon to finalize terms of the ceasefire., On Feb 15., over 4,500 people were rescued across the Aegean Sea in Greece. Since last year, the Hellenic Coast Guard has rescued almost 150,000., How the anti-establishment candidacy of Donald Trump is seen internationally., Among voters, we found what recent polls show: Bolivians divided over the push for constitutional changes to allow Morales to run for re-election in 2019., Experts said it could become one of the cheapest sources of power in the country., Jorge Tacla takes moments of history and illustrates what he describes as “sickness in the brain.”, Austria has set a daily cap of 3,200 migrants allowed to enter and limited daily asylum claims at 80. It also increased the number of security checks at borders with Slovenia, Italy, and Hungary., It has not been pretty, with locals blaming foreign workers for increasing crime rates and spreading disease., With thousands of refugees and migrants arriving in Greece and then through to the EU, Brussels has given Athens three months to fix its border controls or face suspension from the Schengen zone.
This has left Slovenia at the forefront of the 26-country open travel area., Dozens gathered in Washington to protest Liang’s conviction, which came on the heels of several high profile shootings of unarmed black men by white officers in America. We talked to Larry Shinagawa,  a research director with New Asian Leaders, about it., Authorities estimate between 800 and 1,000 people live in the southern part of the camp, but humanitarian groups estimate that figure to be closer 2,000 people., Turkey's prime minister has vowed retaliation., null, null, null, Colombia is the first country in the Americas to pass a national ban on carrying guns. The ban will last a year, but the measure has stirred debate across the country., The Chinese government is pushing for more startups and innovation. In this story for CCTV's Women at Work series, CCTV's Liu Li shows us how China plans to set female entrepreneurs up for success., It seems that cash is still king for some, but credit cards and smartphones are putting us on the road to a cashless society., The Rio de Janeiro Summer Olympics begin in less than six months. Officials and developers are still building event sites and putting area residents in the middle of some locations., Portugal's Golden Visa program is once again back in the headlines. The scheme allows non-European's a visa in return for an investment in Portugal., In a bid to decongest Manila, the Philippines' government is building a new city in a former U.S. airbase just north of the capital., U.S. President Barack Obama and his wife are heading to Havana at the end of March in yet another step in the normalization of relations between Cuba and the United States. CCTV’s Jessica Stone reports., It has been a week since scientists confirmed a major prediction from Albert Einstein. His general theory of relativity has been proven 100 years after its creation., Did you know that there's a place in Costa Rica where a surprisingly large number of people live to be over 100?, Scientists in Germany believe they've come up with a breakthrough method for early detection of the Zika virus., We interviewed Zhang Xin, CEO of SOHO China, the country's largest commercial real estate developer about what inspires her. Watch her response here and watch the full interview on Global Business tonight at 7 p.m. eastern, 8 a.m. Beijing time., A Kurdish militant group now claims responsibility for a suicide car bomb that targeted the military in Ankara this week., Harper Lee's "To Kill a Mockingbird" was translated into 40 languages, including Chinese. What's your favorite part of the book?, Many in New York Chinese-American community are outraged after former NYPD officer Peter Liang was found guilty of manslaughter in the killing of an unarmed black man. But others believe that justice was served for the killing of Akai Gurley. What do you think? Take our poll:

Learn more about Liang's trial: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=123682, AP reports that Harper Lee, author of "To Kill a Mockingbird" has died at 89., CCTV America talked with a special visitor last night via video call. Chinese President Xi Jinping chatted with our team from CCTV News Headquarters in Beijing., 3 missing kids found in east China after over 4,000 people searching for 3 days

Three children who were reported missing on Tuesday afternoon in east China's Zhejiang Province have been found, the local government announced Friday morning. A boy, 7, and two girls, aged 8 and 12, from Jianguang Village, Pujiang County, were last seen when they left home at noon on Tuesday., Xi made a video call with Washington DC-based CCTV America., Exclusive: President Xi visits studio of CCTV Evening News Bulletin
President Xi Jinping visited the studio of CCTV’s flagship program, “CCTV Evening News Bulletin,” and sat in the anchor’s chair on Friday morning during his visit to the state broadcaster., It is a clash of privacy versus security, with the private information of millions of iPhone users now at the center of the debate., As European countries toughen their immigration policies on refugees, Balkan countries fear they could end up serving as buffer zones., A day after a deadly bombing in Ankara, Turkey is blaming Kurdish groups. Kurdish leaders deny any connection to the attack. 28 people were killed., Venezuela is raising gas prices for the first time in nearly 20 years. It's going up 6,000 percent, but relatively speaking, it's still extremely affordable compared to other countries., Portugal has endured a tough few years following the financial crisis, but the country has been enjoying a recovery in recent years., Some people in the New York Chinese-American community are outraged after former NYPD officer Peter Liang was found guilty of manslaughter in the killing of an unarmed black man., The Zika virus has now spread all over Latin America and the Caribbean. Brazil has bore the brunt of the outbreak. It has the most infections. With a vaccine still years away, Brazil is turning to an age old technology to fight the virus., Airbus and Boeing have scored $3 billion worth of deals at Singapore's air show. CCTV's Miro Lu reports., Leaders of the European Union have started a two-day summit aimed at clinching concessions for Britain ahead of the country’s planned referendum on whether to exit the bloc., Eight-division world boxing champion Manny Pacquiao has apologized for comparing gay people to animals, but that hasn't ended the controversy. On Wednesday, sports brand Nike scrapped its endorsement deal with Pacquiao., Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer is painting a positive picture, as the tech giant holds its annual Mobile Developers Conference in San Francisco., Canada ends its airstrikes in Syria as Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau continues to cement his foreign policy agenda for the country. So what’s Canada’s new global strategy?, Watch Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer talk about how this past Super Bowl was the most mobile-engaged to date at the Mobile Developers Conference in San Francisco. Watch our full coverage tonight at 7 p.m. eastern, 8 a.m. Beijing time on Global Business: http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream/, U.S. President Barack Obama has signed legislation hitting the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea with more stringent sanctions for refusing to stop its nuclear weapons program., BREAKING: U.S. president Barack Obama signs legislation hitting DPRK with more stringent sanctions over nuclear weapons program. More to come., The new company, the China Cosco Shipping Corporation (COSCOCS), was created from the state-driven merger of former rivals China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company and China Shipping Group., Turkish government blames the #AnkaraBombing on the Kurdish militia in Syria, Turkey’s own outlawed Kurdish rebel group, and the Syrian government. Here is a look at Turkey’s friends and foes in the Syria conflict., Can Apple stand up against Alibaba?, One of the solutions is worms., Egg shells are no longer waste, but a genius art to support welfare. 
A man named Kong Bin from north China's Shanxi Province is preparing to welcome the coming Lantern Festival with his self-made egg-carving lanterns. Kong said most of his income from selling egg carvings would be donated to welfare, mainly to nursing houses and primary schools in impoverished areas, The trip will make Obama the first sitting U.S. president to set foot on the island in nearly nine decades., U.S. President Barack Obama confirms on Twitter he will make historic visit to Cuba next month. Earlier, CCTV America delves into baseball, art, entrepreneurship and medicine in this country., U.S. President Barack Obama confirms on Twitter he will make historic visit to Cuba next month. He said his history-making visit to Cuba next month was part of an effort to "improve the lives of the Cuban people." Take a look at the timeline of the key events in U.S.-Cuba relations., The suspected bomber of Wed.'s Ankara blast was identified as Syrian national Saleh Nejar, who entered Turkey as a refugee, reported local media citing security sources. The blast claimed 28 lives and wounded 61., Canadian artist cycles to create doodles with GPS
Stephen Lund cycles and doodles at the same time.
The Canadian artist rides his bicycle in such a way that his routes, when tracked with a GPS, resonate with images of famous landmarks and personalities from around the world., There are so many stories about the thousands of refugees who've risked their lives to get to Europe. There are also ordinary citizens who've risked their own lives to help rescue, shelter and feed them., New York Fashion Week, the biggest fashion week in the world recently kicked off. It's an opportunity for designers new and established to get their creations in front of the world's tastemakers., A U.S. military spokesperson confirmed, Wednesday, that the Pentagon is aware of a "surface-to-air missile system" on a "disputed outpost in the South China Sea.", The World Health Organization is calling for 56 million dollars to fight the next front in the Zika virus outbreak., Plastic has become a cornerstone of everyday life. There have been many attempts to re-use this non recyclable material, but it does not measure up to the world’s daily use., Dario Conca may not be famous in his native Argentina, but the football midfielder is an idol in China, and one of the sport's best-paid players., China’s affluent population is growing steadily, and so is the demand for a high-end private healthcare system., He ran three times for President of the United States, twice as a Republican and once as a third party candidate. Ron Paul’s libertarian views are those of limited, constitutional government, low taxes and free markets which put him outside the mainstream of American politics., null, The U.S. central bank is thinking about so-called negative interest rates, which Japan's monetary authorities recently introduced to kick-start growth., null, After a career in investment banking, is fashion design school really worth it? We asked designer Vivienne Hu during New York's Fashion week., Saudi Arabia is hosting the largest military exercise in the history of the Middle East., For a look at what Myanmar’s view on the Asia pivot is, and on China’s growing influence on the region, CCTV America’s Jessica Stone spoke to Ye Htut, Myanmar’s Information Minister., Video: 28 people were killed and dozens wounded in Turkey's capital Ankara on Wednesday when a car laden with explosives detonated next to military buses near the armed forces' headquarters, parliament and other government buildings. #AnkaraBombing 
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=122931, China said on Wednesday that the development of relationship between the United States and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) should be conducive to regional stability and development., Video: At least 28 killed, 61 wounded in #AnkaraBombing, says deputy PM. 
The explosion occurred during rush hour in an area close to where military headquarters and parliament are located. Governor Mehmet Kiliclar said the bomb appeared to have targeted a convoy of buses carrying military personnel. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=122931, Get up close and personal with this new (and very bright orange) spider scientists have discovered. And find out why their discovery could lead to conservation efforts., The explosion occurred during rush hour in an area close to where military headquarters and parliament are located. Governor Mehmet Kiliclar said the bomb appeared to have targeted a convoy of buses carrying military personnel., Alibaba will work with China's top economic planner, National Development and Reform Commission, in more than 300 rural areas to develop e-commerce, which is expected to optimize the agriculture industrial chain and encourage people to start their own businesses in rural areas., BREAKING via Associated Press: Ankara governor raises death toll in explosion to 18, says at least 45 others wounded, “We can then measure a large quantity of black holes and the gravitational waves generated by the Big Bang at the very beginning,” – Hu Wenrui, Chinese Academy of Sciences., Companies across the U.S. are responding to increasing demands for climate-friendly technologies., BREAKING NEWS via Associated Press: Large explosion heard in Turkish capital Ankara; police investigating, Video shows what happened in Hong Kong riots. Riots broke out in Mong Kok, one of the busiest shopping areas in Hong Kong, during the Chinese Spring Festival after a crackdown on illegal street vendors on the night of Feb. 8., The U.S.-ASEAN summit is closing, with a call for peace and stability. A communique that went out did not mention the South China Sea directly, but host U.S President Obama did., Chinese national repatriated from Canada for storing child porn in his phone.
China’s Embassy in Canada has confirmed that a Chinese citizen was repatriated while going through Customs in Vancouver, after Canadian officials found pornographic videos of minors in his mobile phone., Footage shows what happened in Hong Kong riots, Experts say terror groups like ISIL recruit by exploiting economic hardships in parts of Africa., The U.S.'s THAAD missile defense system is causing quite a stir among Chinese officials., A young couple in Cairo is using an old idea to fund their new life together. They launched a start up that's turning a winter snack into a booming business., The Nasdaq is best known as the second-largest exchange in the world by market capitalization, with a heavy focus on technology stocks., China is reining in its peer-to-peer lending industry, issuing tough new draft regulations., British Prime Minister David Cameron is working overtime to prevent his country from leaving the European Union, a move known as the Brexit., New heights in relations between the United States and Cuba, after decades of disconnect the two neighbors have signed an aviation pact that will restore scheduled, commercial airline service., According to the Centers for Disease Control, more than 47,000 Americans died from a lethal drug overdose in 2014. That‘s about 129 people each day., It's a development that might surprise many people, but Mexico received more money from migrants living abroad last year than it got from selling its oil. That's according to Mexico's central bank., Colombian Health Officials are reporting a rise in Zika virus cases with more than 31,000 infections confirmed. From Colombia too, though, comes word of developments in a scientific strategy to neutralize the mosquitoes spreading the Zika virus., There are accusations over who is to blame for airstrikes on hospitals and schools that killed and wounded dozens of people in Syria., CCTV America photojournalists Andrew Smith, Joel Witte and Duane Watkins have been recognized for excellence by the White House News Photographers Association., Venezuela’s U.N. Ambassador Rafael Ramirez, the current council president, made the announcement at the start of a meeting on Yemen’s humanitarian crisis Tuesday and asked members to rise for a moment of silence.

The 15 council members stood in silent tribute., First 'Silk Road' train arrives in Tehran from China, Under U.N. Security Council resolutions, the DPRK is banned from firing any kind of ballistic missile., null, null, null, Security at sea becomes a priority as US and Asian leaders meet at the US-ASEAN summit in California., null, null, null, CCTV America was in the desert of California where US president Obama hosted the US-ASEAN summit., Here are the five collectibles that will likely be making big bucks in 2016., This year’s Academy Awards in the U.S. are making history even before the envelopes have been opened. For the first time, Colombia has a film nominated for an Oscar., Half the population of Myanmar is under 24 years old, how will they fare in the next decade? We asked Myanmar's Minister of Information. Here's what he said:, Did that black hole business go over your head last week? The head of the lab that detected gravitational waves explains the phenomenon as he would to a child. David Reitze of the LIGO laboratory also tells us how Einstein was able to predict these waves 100 years ago:, Building regulations have come under scrutiny in Taiwan, following an earthquake that killed 116 people, most of them in the Weiguan Golden Dragon complex in the city of Tainan., China confirmed its second #Zika case on Monday, a day after the first victim was discharged from hospital, state news agency Xinhua reported., In the science fiction film “The Martian ” that Matt Damon plays a botanist who learns to grow potatoes on the Red Planet., More than 40,000 Syrians are waiting at the Turkey-Syria border and having escaped the latest onslaught in Syria's devastating war., Haiti's new interim president will be sworn in Sunday. The current President of the National Assembly is Jocelerme Privert. Privert served as interior minister under former President Jean-Bertrand Aristide., The Beijing Winter Olympics may be six years years away, but the president of the International Olympic Committee is already talking about it., Millions of Chinese traveled home to spend the Spring Festival with family, and they are on the move again., U.S.- ASEAN Summit is to reassure the region of Washington's engagement in Asia., The fight against ISIL is expanding. Leaders from around the world are meeting in Munich to discuss joint efforts., A British investigation concluded that the killing of a Russian dissident was “probably” sanctioned by President Vladimir Putin. Someone slipped radioactive polonium into the dissident’s tea. Russia denies any involvement., Along with Zika, two other major viruses are spread by the Aedes aegypti mosquito- dengue and chikungunya., During the Spring Festival, Chinese music performances can be spotted all around the world., Saturday marks three months since the Paris terror attacks., At The Children’s Museum of Indianapolis they have recreated Chinese buildings and environments.  Museum visitors can explore the daily life and celebrations of Chinese families. They can do this through seeing art, experiencing music and creating faux food based on the Asian culture.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=120853
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, For the past 50 years, East West Players theater company has been producing artistic works and educational programs that explore Asian Pacific experiences. Established in 1965, the small Los Angeles-based theater company has been called the nation’s premier Asian American theatre troupe.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=120888
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Celebrating the Lunar New Year is highly anticipated not only in China, but by countless cultures around the globe.
In the United States, the Southwest Airlines Chinese New Year Parade and Festival in San Francisco has become the largest celebration of the Lunar New Year outside of Asia. It began in the 1860’s as the San Francisco’s Chinese community looked for a way to educate their new homeland about Chinese culture and share their culture with their non-Chinese neighbors.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=120861
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, In Munich where diplomats are trying to secure a stable ceasefire in Syria. But the mood has turned dark after two days of talks., The Chinese have made countless contributions to American society and have captivated western palates with their cuisine. Virtually every community in the States has Chinese restaurants. Recent estimates reveal there are about 40,000 Chinese restaurants, nationwide. So, it’s official: The most popular cuisine in America is Chinese.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=120877
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Visitors to The Children’s Museum of Indianapolis can experience daily life in China…without ever leaving the United States.
The Take Me There: Chinaexhibit is one of the largest on contemporary China ever produced in the States.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=120801
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Zhao Cong, one of today’s most talented pipa players, has made it her mission to inspire a younger generation to listen to the classical sounds. She has incorporated pop sounds into her recordings and even created a patent for her electric pipa., Along with Zika, two other major viruses are spread by the Aedes aegypti mosquito- dengue and chikungunya. All three diseases present flu like symptoms—fever, aches, pains. According to the World Health Organization, dengue kills about 22,000 people a year., Fish is pronounced “yu” in mandarin Chinese, it has the same pronunciation as “surplus”, and increase in prosperity. Chinese families share whole fish on New Year’s dinner because they believe fish will bring good luck and extra money in the upcoming year.   Learn how to cook it by watching this video., It’s the largest Chinatown outside of Asia, and perhaps the liveliest in America., A protest wailed inside parliament in South Africa, as President Jacob Zuma delivered his state of the nation address. Zuma was attempting to lay out his ideas for reviving South Africa's economy, but was cut short barely a minute into the speech., With Western sanctions lifted, Iran can now reclaim its place in international trade, in some areas. While its oil industry might get most of the world's attention, there's potential for big profits through Pistachios., The investor world is looking for the new frontier and agriculture could be one of them, as wireless technology becomes more widespread and tools to collect data improve., Food prices around the world are at a seven year low, but in the South American nation of Colombia this isn’t the case. The weekly trip to the supermarket is leaving Colombians far worse off than a year ago., In China football clubs are trying out a new way of developing young players. Shanghai Shenhua have sent a team of youngsters to Spain where they are expected to pick up skills that will help the Chinese game in the future., Cuba is the scene of a historic meeting between Pope Francis and Partiarch Kirill, the leader of the Russian Orthodox Church., A jury in the New York City has convicted a Chinese-American police officer of manslaughter and official misconduct., Forty-nine American girls whose Jasmine dance was performed during this year's Spring Festival Gala., Around 30,000 Syrians are at the Turkish border after fleeing a regime offensive on the northern region of Aleppo, according to the Turkish Prime Minister. We spoke to Ammar Waqqaf about it., The heads of Hong Kong's law enforcement departments today strongly condemned the violent acts that took place in #MongKok earlier this week and expressed their full support to the Police., The U.N. says the situation in Aleppo is “grotesque” and could get worse., The death toll from the powerful earthquake that shook southern Taiwan on Saturday had climbed to 98 as of 8:55 p.m. local time on Friday, with 22 people still missing., Parts of the African continent feel they're ignored by the global media and treated as sort of a bad place in the world., A verdict has come down in the trial of a Chinese-American cop charged in a fatal shooting., Mosquitoes are not just spreading the Zika virus. Other viruses are actually far more dangerous and deadly., The U.S. is the world’s biggest beauty market and it is expected to get even bigger this year., It was total chaos in a prison in northern mexico where a riot killed at least 53 people which ended up in many being caught in a fire., As some believe nothing says love more than that box of chocolates, those cocoa goods may be becoming more expensive than ever., Venezuelans are already suffering the steepest economic recession in the world. Now they face a new challenge of electricity rationing. Shopping malls across the country have been asked to reduce their opening hours to save energy, which has left retailers reeling., Brazil’s economic crisis has taken a toll on residents’ wallets. While consumers are trying to save money and cutting back on purchases, there’s one area where they’re spending more., One trend that has seen increasing demand in the U.S. is plastic surgery, but not for who you might think., Deadlier than Daesh? Nigeria’s Boko Haram is responsible for more deaths than ISIL, and receives less international attention. But why?, The meaning of lucky bamboo plays a huge part in Chinese culture. Many people give this kind of plant for housewarming gifts, birthdays, anniversaries and achievements. It seems like bamboo is never an inappropriate gift for any occasions. 
If you want to surprise your families and friends with a “bamboo dish” that’s edible, click http://china.cctv-america.com/?p=2335 to get to the recipe!, The trend in Chinese tech right now seems to tap into the convenience market. This is making tools that serve the demand to make life easier., It’s a scientific discovery for the ages. Gravitational waves, first predicted by Albert Einstein 100 years ago, have been detected and heard for the first time., Traditional Chinese performance art, including acrobatics, martial arts, and music, has a long, expansive history. Watch some performances and learn a bit about the Chinese artists who travel to the U.S. to share this art and culture. MORE: http://china.cctv-america.com/?p=2771, Video: Scientists say they have finally detected gravitational waves — the ripples in the fabric of space-time that Einstein predicted a century ago.
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2016/02/11/breakthrough-scientists-detect-einstein-predicted-ripples, From whole fish to dumplings to noodles to rice balls. Here are recipes for dishes to bring you luck in The Year of the Monkey., We asked seven people to document their travel during the Spring Festival on social media. Combined they travelled more than 23,000 kilometers (14,000 miles) to get home for the New Year.  Check out our map below to follow along, and click on their map locations to see pictures from their journey. #ChineseNewYear, “Dear mom and dad, please don’t worry about me. It’s a big world, and life is diverse - I can be happy being single.”

This was a message posted on an advertising board at a busy subway station in Beijing by a group of young people in response to the pressure they perceive from the parents to get married.
http://www.cctv-america.com/2016/02/11/chinese-youth-start-ad-campaign-to-combat-pressure-from-their-parents-to-get-married, Scientists say they have finally detected gravitational waves — the #ripples in the fabric of space-time that Einstein predicted a century ago., In the United States, there's a different kind of problem when it comes to prescription drugs., It may not be on the same level as Thailand or Japan, but the UK is also very popular with Chinese tourists, especially after the British government relaxed visa requirements., It's been a dismal day for the Tech industry with two of its biggest brands revealing disappointing financial results., Candidates who have been branding themselves as anti-establishment in the U.S. presidential race scored big victories in the nation's second nominating contest in the northeast U.S. state of New Hampshire this week., Argentina's new government, just months after assuming office, has been working to lift the country from a recession., The US Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has indicated that the path of future interest rate hikes is largely dependent on whether global financial turbulence persists. It’s a signal that America’s central bank officials will be more cautious about raising rates in the near future., Flip on the television today in the U.S. and you’ll find plethora of food shows. The image of the chef has come a long way since the days of Julia Child and Martin Yan., To reach the U.S.-Mexican border, many Central American migrants travel by rail. It is a treacherous journey traveling on a train known as the "Beast." There aren't train tickets or really even seats on this train. Desperate migrants hold on to the train in any way they can, in order to be able to hitch a ride on the train to get to a life they imagine is better than the one they had., Global markets could largely influence the future of U.S. interest rate hikes., Self-described anti-establishment candidates in the U.S. race for president scored big victories in the nation’s second nominating contest in the state of New Hampshire., Check out the #ChineseNewYear wishes that San Francisco mayor Ed Lee has for you., Police in Germany are saying reports that human error caused Tuesday’s high-speed train collision is pure speculation. Ten people died and dozens were hurt in the accident., CCTV America interviewed Martin Yan, the host of “Yan Can Cook”, a Chinese cuisine cooking show on public television in North America.
“Yan Can Cook, So Can You!” has become a personal slogan of Martin’s cooking show. It has won the James Beard Award for Best Food Documentary Show for two consecutive seasons. Martin answers the question about how his cooking show became so successful., China has confirmed its first case of imported #ZikaVirus, after the outbreak of the disease in the Americas.
The National Health and Family Planning Commission said on Tuesday that the patient is a 34-year-old Chinese male who had traveled to Venezuela. He showed symptoms of fever, headache and dizziness since January 28., The death toll from the quake in the southern city of Tainan stood at 46 on Wednesday, with all but two of the deaths coming in the building collapse. Another 94 people, including 21 children, are still believed trapped in the debris, the Tainan city government said., Carnival season is winding down in Brazil. Now the not-so-fun part is the clean up., Many in the U.S. are speculating that the results of the first primary election in the race for U.S. president will reveal Donald Trump on the Republican side and Bernie Sanders on the Democratic side as the winners in this important step in becoming the nominee for U.S. president., The H1N1 flu virus, also known as swine Flu, is spreading quickly across Eastern Europe and the Middle East., Colombia is under threat from extreme drought, and one of its victims that the Sambingo river in the west., null, The global community has stepped up humanitarian aid efforts in Syria, pledging billions of dollars, but will those good intentions help those most in need?, Walt Disney is hoping that Chinese consumers will become major sources of revenue in the near future., As oil prices plummet, petroleum based economies have been feeling the negative effects. Colombia is one of those countries that expects the fall in oil prices to lower its tax intake and economic growth., Chinatown in cities across the globe have been celebrating the Lunar New Year., The Chinese New Year marks the world's greatest human migration where the importance of family in China has people there traveling at a record rate to be reunited with their families., The Year of the Monkey comes every 12 years, which means those born in this lunar year will be turning 12, 24, 36, 48, 60, 72, 84, and 96 years old. We interviewed those born in a Monkey year to get their views on love, life, and all the lessons they’ve learned along the way.  Watch more: http://china.cctv-america.com/?p=2708, Check out this dance show on this year's CCTV Spring Festival Gala. #ChineseNewYear, Check out this martial arts show performed by Kung Fu star Donnie Yen-甄子丹 Official on this year's CCTV Spring Festival Gala!, The CCTV Spring Festival Gala, or commonly abbreviated in Chinese as Chunwan, is a Chinese New Year special produced by CCTV. It has a yearly viewership of over 700 million viewers, making it one of the premier television events of China.
Here is one clip from this year's Spring Festival Gala., 10 must dos for a genuine Chinese New Year., Happy #ChineseNewYear, the year of the Monkey! Over a billion people all over the world celebrate the Lunar New Year. Learn the traditions and customs that go back thousands of years., It's great news, amid a crisis in South Africa. The government says the number of rhinos poached last year dropped, for the first time in a decade., Lunar New Year is in full effect and the Chinese are celebrating around the world with a unique style and vibrancy., Another kind of party is underway in Cuba. Chinatown in Havana is partying for the Lunar New Year with a range of cultural activities., Just over five years ago waves of unrest erupted across North Africa and the Middle East. The so-called Arab Spring began in Tunisia and soon mass protests, like those in Cairo’s Tahrir square, spread across the region., A country in a sharp decline. A threatening, not fully understood virus. For some that sounds like Venezuela today., The U.S. government has proposed spending nearly two billion dollars to fight the Zika. The virus has sickened tens of thousands of people in South America and has started to creep into the United States and Europe as well., The U.S., Japan and South Korea are urging the United Nations to take immediate action in response to this weekend’s launch of a missile by the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea., null, Polls open soon for the U.S.’s first primary election of this race for U.S. president. The U.S. presidential candidates are scrambling for votes in the northeastern state of New Hampshire., In Taiwan, at least 40 people were killed by Saturday’s earthquake. The 6.4 magnitude quake struck Tainan city, bringing down buildings and injuring more than 500., Someone took the time to dub a Chinese New Year song over a White House performance. Watch Obama "sing along" to the song..., Wishing everyone happiness, good luck, & prosperity – from our CCTV America family to yours. #yearofthemonkey, In honor of The Year of the Monkey we take a whimsical look at monkey business. Here is our primate primer. READ MORE: http://china.cctv-america.com/?p=2530, China’s increasing appetite for lobster has meant big business for fishermen in the U.S. state of Maine. Demand for the tasty crustacean has been exploding in the past several years. 
CLICK: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=118271, In a matter of weeks, the Zika virus has gone from a concern to an all-out global crisis. In fact, the World Health Organization recently declared it a public health emergency of international concern which will bring more money and resources to fight it. [  132 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=118273, With growing fear surrounding the spread of the Zika virus, “Americas Now” brings together CCTV correspondent’s from across Latin America to report on how South American countries are being affected by the epidemic. [  112 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=118277, Digital gift giving via red envelopes is crazy popular in China! The record user participation for gift money giving, a long Spring Festival tradition, underpins the growing number of mobile phone users in China and their increasing willingness to use third-party payment and other Internet financing services, analysts said., Taiwan authorities said there are still more than 100 people trapped in the collapsed building and the search continues for the missing. China's President Xi Jinping also conveyed condolences on Sunday to the victims of the earthquake that struck southern Taiwan early Saturday., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Happy Chinese New Year from Pipa Player Zhao Cong https://youtu.be/bLKBqWHCgS0, Xin Nian Kuai Le! Happy Chinese New Year! -- Did you know that the Chinese New Year began as a horror story? Watch our animation of the special lunar new year legend about the horrific monster known as the Nian. Learn more: http://china.cctv-america.com/?p=2582, Watch Live of CCTV Spring Festival Gala here. #ChineseNewYear, Victoria Li shows you five easy dishes that are delicious and quick to prepare., null, BREAKING NEWS: DPRK launches long-range rocket. (Yonhap), Thousands of supporters of the anti-Islamic Pegida movement demonstrated in the eastern German city of Dresden on Saturday, carrying signs mostly directed against German Chancellor Angela Merkel., Christmas is a very popular holiday, and is similar in many ways to #ChineseNewYear. Never thought of it that way? Let us show you. Learn more about Chinese New Year at  http://china.cctv-america.com/, Chinese tourists visit California more than any other state in the U.S. Many of them make a stop at Universal Studios Hollywood. It’s all the more reason for the theme park to celebrate Lunar New Year., The Carnival festivities are officially under way. They kicked off just hours ago., Nearly 340 people were rescued from the rubble in Tainan, the city hit worst by the quake. About 2,000 firefighters and soldiers scrambled with ladders, cranes and other equipment to the ruins of the 17-floor residential building, which folded like an accordion onto its side after the quake struck. #TaiwanEarthquake

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, A new government report on the massive explosion in Tianjin port last year called the blast a 'man-made disaster'. The results from the six-month probe have been made public and even more government officials could be held behind bars., The first volunteer rescue team from the Chinese mainland has set off for Taiwan from Hangzhou city following the M6.7 earthquake that shook southern Taiwan early Saturday., Two babies have been rescued from a 17-story building in Tainan city. The building housed both residents and shops. Roughly 250 people lived in the 20-year old building, and according to reports most of them have been rescued. #Taiwan #Earthquake, The countries and territories where Zika has been reported, confirmed, or where reports of antibodies in people were reported prior to 2015., The Aleppo siege is creating a humanitarian crisis on Turkey's doorstep., While some economists are defining the current jobs market as "full employment", which refers to when most of those willing and able to work are employed. That headline can be misleading., They're the two American football teams competing this coming Sunday for the Super Bowl and the sport's world championship in San Francisco., The start of the Lunar New Year is just a weekend away. And the world's largest human migration, "Chunyun", is happening in China., The U.S. Obama Administration has released its fiscal 2016 budget proposal., Americans owe more than one trillion dollars in college tuition., null, A peace deal is expected as early as March between the Colombian government and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC., A baby was rescued from a collapsed building in the city of Tainan, Taiwan, on Saturday morning after a 6.4-magnitude earthquake hit the neighboring city of Kaohsiung. 
The earthquake hit Kaohsiung at a depth of 15 kilometers at 03:57 on Saturday, according to China Earthquake Networks Center (CENC). It brought down a 17-story building in Tainan, trapping about 170 people inside., A French drug maker is joining the race to develop a Zika vaccine. But a breakthrough may still be years away., Rescuers in the southern Taiwanese city of Tainan pulled out 221 people and three dead from a residential high-rise complex that collapsed when a shallow 6.4-magnitude earthquake struck before dawn Saturday, leaving still others trapped inside., null, German police have arrested three Algerians suspected of planning a terrorist attack in Berlin. One of them appears to have entered the country posing as a Syrian refugee, which could put more pressure on German Chancellor Angela Merkel, amid growing backlash at her asylum policies., 221 people rescued, 115 hospitalized, and 2 in critical condition after #TaiwanQuake, The White House is proposing nearly half a million dollars a year to help rebuild the South American country of Colombia, after more than 50 years of conflict., Made from sorghum and grains, Baijiu packs more wallop than vodka.Baijiu is a category, like whisky.Click here to learn the six different aroma categories. CCTV Shraysi Tandon reports., It’s a virus transmitted by mosquitoes that’s spreading through the Americas at a rapid rate. But what exactly is Zika and why are pregnant women afraid of it?, 6.7-magnitude earthquake strikes southern Taiwan. Details still coming in., What is Zika? Dr. Marcos Espinal from the Pan American Health Organization discusses the virus and its impact with “Americas Now” anchor Elaine Reyes. Sunday at 6 pm on CCTV-America., China’s demand for lobster from Maine has skyrocketed in recent years. It’s become particularly popular during the Chinese New Year. Correspondent Karina Huber reports on the life of a Maine lobsterman. Sunday at 6 pm on “Americas Now.”  Watch anywhere on your streaming device at: http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, Assange said he should be allowed to walk free immediately and compensated for the years he has lost. The U.N. Working Group on Arbitrary Detention, which falls under the offices of the U.N. human rights chief, said Assange has been “arbitrarily detained” by Britain and Sweden since December 2010, when he was first sought for questioning on allegations of sexual misconduct., Not sure what the Lunar New Year is all about? We interviewed children from the Washington Yu Ying Public Charter School in D.C. about Chinese New Year. What they have to say will crack you up. For our complete Chinese New Year coverage visit: http://china.cctv-america.com/, One of the biggest movies of the year so far is Kung Fu Panda 3. The latest offering in the wildly popular Kung Fu Panda franchise, part 3 has a unique twist. The movie is being highlighted by the Chinese Embassy in Washington., International donors have pledged billions in humanitarian aid for Syria. This coincides with intensified fighting around Aleppo, and the suspension of peace talks as parties fail to agree on basic ground rules., New Yorkers aren't missing out on Chinese New year. The city now has its first Baijiu bar. Baiju is a strong Chinese distilled spirit made from grains, and it's making quite an impression in New York City., China's cultural influence on the West becomes even more clear during this time of the Year., Decades of reforms have made China the world's second-largest economy. With growth comes wealth, and lots of it., null, In the year 2016, cancer will kill more than 8 million people worldwide, with half of them between the ages of 30 and 69., The young former head of a pharmaceutical company in the U.S. was in the hot seat in front of the United States’ Congress today as he faced scrutiny, and a lot of criticism, after increasing the price of a life-saving drug by 5,000 percent., China's cultural influence on the West becomes even more clear during a U.S. NBA basketball game., Not sure what the Lunar New Year is all about? These kids from the Washington Yu Ying Public Charter School in Washington D.C. give you the scoop. 

http://china.cctv-america.com/?p=2507, Today marks the 10th anniversary of World Cancer Day. The goal is to raise awareness about the disease and push people to take action., New Yorkers aren't missing out on Chinese New year. The city now has its first Baijiu bar. Baiju is a strong Chinese distilled spirit made from grains, and it's making quite an impression in New York City. [  131 more words. ] 

http://china.cctv-america.com/?p=2526, While China’s economy is slowing down, the country is looking toward innovation to help drive its economic future., The Spring Festival is the year’s most important event in China, but people from the north and south celebrate with different traditions. [  339 more words. ] 

http://china.cctv-america.com/?p=2538, Now that the United States and Cuba are restoring diplomatic and business ties, Hollywood is looking to take advantage of these warming relations., Bottoms up! A Chinese New Year themed cocktail for you: The Hanuman. 

Hanuman is the king of the monkeys in Asian lore. Royal but mischievous in nature, this drink crafted by Patrice Cleary of Purple Patch restaurant includes a fiery, mischievous surprise. But perhaps its most stunning feature is a brilliantly bright, edible orchid ensconced in an ice cube. The flower symbolizes friendship, and the drink would be a fabulous one to share with friends., So fun! And watch Sean Callebs' report from earlier that evening about how the NBA is honoring its largest fan base outside the US: China. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=117983, It's Chinese Lunar New Year season. Check out our special page to learn about the festival, traditions, food and drink recipes., Shared meals are a huge part of Chinese Spring Festival. CCTV America shows you five easy dishes that are delicious and quick to prepare. Try out our recipes and let us know how they taste. Share a photo here on our Facebook of your dish and people enjoying it!   #ChinaNight #ChineseNewYear #LunarNewYear, Zhang Jinlai, better known by his stage name Liu Xiao Ling Tong（六小龄童）, is a Chinese actor best known for his performance as the Monkey King in the 1986 TV series Journey to the West. His compelling performance, which was greatly praised by critics, helped him win the Best Actor award at the 6th Golden Eagle Awards in 1988.
With the Year of the Monkey approaching, CCTV interviewed Zhang about his experiences while playing the legendary character.#ChinaNight, Zhang Zhijun, Chinese mainland's Taiwan affairs chief, has extended Chinese New Year greetings, calling on both sides to continue working toward the peaceful development of cross-Strait ties. #ChinaNight, Peru has issued a nationwide bulletin after confirming its first case of the Zika virus in country., Barack Obama made his first-ever visit to a mosque as President today. It comes at a time of particularly high tension in the United States toward Muslims., 2016 has been called the year of China-U.S. tourism. Despite the slowing Chinese economy, more Chinese tourists are expected to visit the U.S. this year than in previous years., China’s smartphone market could be nearing its saturation point. Overall the Chinese smartphone market grew by 3.4 percent in 2015. It is the slowest rate to date., Several brands are getting in on the holiday promotion action for Chinese New Year. Companies and organizations are using the holiday to woo new consumers, and they’ve found out it’s important to target the Asian market, specifically the Chinese., A wave of bad business hit China’s bookstores back in 2012, forcing many to close. The revenue of the industry has recovered slightly since then, but is it a sign of the end of the brick and mortar bookstore industry in China?, The Trans-Pacific partnership is a deal reached between countries that border the Pacific Ocean. It was first proposed in 2006., A big sporting event is coming up in the United States, and it's not the Super Bowl. It's a marquee National Basketball Association game in Washington, D.C. that will be televised around the U.S. and is being carried by CCTV in China., Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos is due at the White House in Washington Thursday. His visit comes as his government nears a peace agreement to end 50 years of armed conflict., On Monday, United Nations special envoy Staffan de Mistura declared that indirect talks between the Syrian government and the opposition had officially begun in Geneva., In China, hundreds of millions of people choose to leave their hometown and migrate to other cities to make a living, make profits or make their dreams come true. And Spring Festival is the time of year for a much longed-for family reunion. How is migration changing their life? How do they and their families feel about the separation? What New Year wishes do they have? CCTV has set up open-mic booths in different cities during the travel rush period. And many walk in and tell., Chinese New Year is upon us, and on the eve of February 7, local time in Beijing, parties for this massive celebration will begin. This is The Year of the Monkey according to the Chinese Zodiac calendar, and if this is your Zodiac year, you’d better pay attention to this advice in order to stay lucky. #ChineseNewYear #ChinaNight #LunarNewYear, More than 40,000 passengers remained stranded at the Guangzhou Railway Station as of 21:45 on Tuesday, as trains were delayed due to weather conditions while numerous travelers gathered at the station to head home for the upcoming Chinese Lunar New Year., Heart-wrenching moments of people heading home for Spring Festival, Zika virus cases may have reached Europe. In Portugal, five people tested positive after recent trips to Brazil. Authorities are keeping a close eye on developments., Each day, more than 7,500 people died from cancer in China. China had more than four million new cancer cases last year., Chinese tourists will no longer need visas to travel to Malaysia. The new rule goes into effect on March 1st., While the race for the U.S. presidency gets underway, Asian-American leaders are not only eyeing the candidates, but also voters within the community., Argentina is known around the world for its tango, its football and also its meat. The new government is trying to build up the beef export industry which has dropped off in the past few years. In turn domestic prices have risen sharply in recent weeks., County-level cities in China still have a large housing inventory on their hands and local governments also face debt burdens, but what sort of risk do they pose to China’s financial system as a whole?, Kevin O'Leary from the U.S. reality TV show Shark Tank has a brash style which has been part of his success as a businessman and investor., President Raul Castro wrapped up the second day of his state visit to France by meeting with the head of the country's National Assembly. He also met the mayor of Paris. Castro is there to boost economic ties between Cuba and France., How can you celebrate Spring Festival like the Chinese? Here's the answer!, It was a razor thin line between the U.S. Democratic presidential contenders in the Iowa pre-election caucus. Among Republicans, there was a defeat for front-runner Donald Trump., Around the world, thousands of refugees and migrants are fleeing conflict and persecution. They risk it all in search of a better life, often in places like Europe., Notorious Mexican drug kingpin Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman may be behind bars, but that doesn't mean his organization is crippled., Snow and icy weather are delaying China's annual migration for the Spring Festival., More than a billion people all over the world celebrate the Lunar New Year.  Learn the traditions and customs that go back thousands of years. #ChinaNight #ChineseNewYear
Read More: http://china.cctv-america.com/2016/02/02/how-to-celebrate-the-spring-festival-like-a-chinese/, We ask Shark Tank's Kevin O'Leary on why he only buys stocks that pay dividends. Watch his response here and watch the full interview on Global Business tonight at 7 p.m. eastern and Wednesday at 8 a.m. Beijing time., We interviewed Kevin O'Leary, one of the stars of the reality television show "Shark Tank" about why he invests in women. Watch his response here and watch the full interview on Global Business tonight at 7 p.m. eastern 8 a.m. Beijing time., Health officials say a patient in Texas has acquired the Zika virus through sexual transmission. #Zika, For more than a decade, the people of Argentina have enjoyed some of the cheapest electricity in the world thanks to generous government subsidies, but now they’re facing up to a 500% tariff hike as the government looks for ways to cut back on public spending., Leading Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi is all set to debut its phones in the U.S.  Would you buy one?, A recent study from Greentech Media, an organization that studies the green energy industry, shows solar panel use is on the rise around the world., Raul Castro is in Paris on an official state visit, the first one for a Cuban leader in more than two decades., China is accusing the U.S. of seeking maritime dominance in the name of freedom of navigation., U.S. toymaker Mattel is remaking its iconic Barbie doll. The company is adding 7 skin tones, 22 eye colors and three new body types: curvy, tall and petite., Google may face more pressure from Europe's anti-trust regulator. The EU says it's considering a probe for back taxes with the U.K of the a recent deal made by the company that was around 186 million dollars., The U.S. state of Iowa is right at the center of the so-called corn belt in the United States' agricultural heartland., With just under a week to go before the Chinese New Year, retailers in Hong Kong are hoping people will start spending., African heads of state met in Ethiopia’s capital, Addis Ababa, over the weekend for the 26th African Union Summit., Chinese New Year celebrations mean millions in China are headed home for family gatherings. Some are flying, while others traveling by train, or taking the bus., The first contest of the U.S. election season gets underway in just a few hours, with the start of the Iowa caucuses., Countries around the world are taking measures to tackle the Zika virus. It has been 50 years since Nigeria registered the first known human infection of the virus., null, China sets up new military regions as part of reorganization, null, Before 2016’s Spring Festival, CCTV America held an English couplet contest , asking our global users to write an English couplet to celebrate the Chinese New Year. Here are the winners' couplets! You can check the bilingual version with following link! #ChinaNight, The Peninsula Valdes in Argentina is a spectacular seascape in the Southern Cone of South America. It’s also one of the region’s prime locations for whale watching.
This is the time of year where you may find thousands of Southern Right whales in the warm waters offshore giving birth and caring for their young.  But changing conditions are affecting the sea mammal’s livelihood and future., Could rising waters submerge the state of Florida?

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=115899, Brazil is home to the largest number of Koreans in Latin America. Most of them arrived hoping to begin a better life and most settled in Sao Paulo.
Correspondent Stephen Gibbs talks to one North Korean man who relocated to the country’s largest city over 50 years ago. Now in his twilight years, he has a last wish…to go home., Whales of Argentina’s Peninsula Valdes

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=115902, Vast majority of children in Colombia born outside of wedlock, One of the unexpected beneficiaries of the thaw in relations between the United States and Cuba is the endangered sea turtle.The two countries recently signed an environmental cooperation agreement, with emphasis on marine conservation and how best to study and protect sea turtles. 
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=117121, Are Asian students in America being penalized for doing well on tests? Critics say measures to increase diversity in some of America's top high schools and universities are coming at the expense of Asian students who tend to score better on admission tests., Chad president closes AU summit in Ethiopia

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=117109, What to look for in Iowa's presidential caucuses?, The 2016 presidential contenders are begging their Iowa supporters to get to the caucuses on Monday. 
But you still have no idea about what a caucus is? Here's everything you need to know, null, More tension over airspace violations between Turkey and Russia., A US mining expert gives insight into the rescue in China's Shandong Province, null, Jonathan Tieu, 20, and Hossein Nayeri, 37, were in the custody of the San Francisco Police Department, the Orange County sheriff's department said. Authorities had been hunting for Tieu, Nayeri and a third inmate, 43-year-old Bac Duong, in Southern California since they pulled off a brazen jail escape. Duong turned himself into police on Friday.

The men escaped in the early morning hours of Jan. 22 after cutting a hole in a metal grate and then crawling through plumbing tunnels and onto the roof of a four-story jail building. They pushed aside barbed wire and rappelled down using a rope made of bed linen. It took jail staff 16 hours to realize the three men were missing., null, The first Syria peace talks in two years officially began at U.N. offices in Geneva, but there is a lot of uncertainty., Oil's volatility isn't just taking a bite out of the energy giants. It's also feasting on Russia's economy too., Brazil's biggest technology event, the Campus Party, has kicked off in Sao Paulo. The Party draws thousands of people from all over the country to Sao Paulo every year., Brazil is getting ready to host the world's most well-known party, the Carnival. It's certainly a time of celebration, but politics and social issues often make an appearance, as the masks that carnival-goers wear often reflect the issues people are concerned about., Imagine being able to be a part of your loved ones lives even after you die. A new app that calls itself the Dropbox for the hereafter allows you to do just that by creating and storing messages for friends and family members that will be delivered to them at targeted moments throughout their lives.  Sometimes decades after you die., The growing popularity of running and jogging has been a boon for public health. And now it's also giving sportswear makers something to cheer about., Miami. Fort Lauderdale. St. Augustine. Across the state of Florida it looks like cities are being swallowed., Global market volatility, China’s Xi Jinping travels to the Middle East, what’s next as the Iran nuclear deal is implemented, and who will be the next U.S. President?, After over a month of rescue work, four miners trapped in the collapsed tunnel of a gypsum mine were raised to the surface Friday., “Americas Now” goes “Stargazing” at The National Portrait Gallery’s exhibit “Eye Pop: The Celebrity Gaze.” We’ll also introduce you to a couple of cutting-edge artists in the exhibition creating some pioneering forms of portraiture. This Sunday at 6 pm., A climate crisis in Florida is putting cities at risk. Could rising waters submerge the state? Correspondent John Zarrella reports for “Americas Now.” Sunday at 6 pm., Timeline from the mine collapse on Dec. 25 to the rescue today of four miners via this borehole:, WATCH: After more than a month trapped underground, four miners are rescued from a collapsed gypsum mine and one by one are met at the surface with cheers., The four men rescued today after 36 days trapped in the Shandong mine collapse were rescued in this order: 

Zhao Zhicheng, 50 years old
Li Qiusheng, 39 years old
Guan Qingji, 58 years old
Hua Mingxi, 36 years old

READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=116152, Best anecdote from past 36 days. On day 5, rescuer said: "They wanted alcohol to keep warm. I told them no alcohol. They said that they wanted tobacco in that case." Rescuers agreed and sent down packs of what appeared to be cigarettes. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=116152, The latest on rescue from Shandong mine collapse. Four men have been brought to the surface., About 30 minutes after the first rescue, the second miner was pulled up. 36 days stuck 200+ meters below ground., Success! Three of 4 miners trapped for 36 days in a gypsum mine have been rescued. This video shows moment the first one came to surface from 200+ meters (650+ feet) down. Rescue effort for 4th ongoing now., The warning read with alarming statements like: "Explosive pandemic potential". 3 powerful words from WHO as the organization delivers a strong message about the mosquito-borne Zika virus that is affecting newborn children in various countries., The company that made Jeff Bezos famous just reported its best earnings ever, but Amazon's fourth quarter still missed analysts expectations., Iran's President Hassan Rouhani signed several major deals with French businesses as he wrapped-up a trip to France and Italy., Amid the global headlines about the recapture of El Chapo and there's a less reported trend., The Malaysian parliament has approved the Trans Pacific Partnership deal after a 2 day debate., China is planning to increase spending on agriculture, in a move to boost rural development and agricultural modernization., Political upheaval, economic downturn and corruption scandals: Brazil is at a crossroads. So, what’s the way forward for a Latin American giant in crisis?, Vietnam's 12th Communist Party Congress has given sitting General-Secretary Nguyen Pho Trong another 5-year term., The CCTV Spring Festival Gala, which airs on the eve of the Lunar New Year, is the biggest TV show of the year in China., Since the Shenzhen landslide, 77 people have been reported missing. Despite Wednesday’s recovery, four people are still believed to be missing. More than 10,000 people were involved in the rescue efforts., Meet Rocko: He’s a Great Dane, stands 7 feet tall and is now vying for a Guinness World Records as the world’s tallest dog., Recently, a video of a young woman complaining about the inflated price of the black market tickets at Beijing Guang’anmen Hospital went viral across China. In the clip, she can be seen saying scalpers were being allowed to jump the queue for appointment tickets before they sold them on to patients. She claimed a scalper then tried to charge her 4,500 yuan ($ 684) for a ticket that the hospital normally charges 300 yuan ($45.6) for.
Read the whole story: http://www.cctv-america.com/2016/01/28/video-of-black-market-trade-of-hospital-appointments-leads-to-investigation, A glance at the number of #Zika cases and complications by country in Latin America and the Caribbean., Iranian President Hassan Rouhani's visit to Europe is the first by an Iranian leader in 17 years. Just hours after Rouhani arrived in Paris, a new report surfaced that probably won't sit well back home., Facebook, the social media giant, has partnered with Uber to make on-demand rides even easier. Users can now hail a car via the Facebook messenger app., Medical professionals across China are preparing for a surge in pregnancies., Indonesia, the southeast Asian giant has all the right attraction for investors which includes a large, young population and a growing economy., Sounding a note of caution, the U.S. central bank has decided to keep its key interest rate where it is for now., Haiti's presidential elections have yet to be rescheduled and current president, Michel Martelly, is due to stand down on February 7th, but it's not clear he will., There are concerns that the Zika virus outbreak in Brazil will affect attendance at Rio de Janeiro’s world-famous Carnival celebrations. Some say they’re more worried about the impact of the country’s slowing growth than the Zika virus., A financial compensation deal between Japan and South Korea over the issue of wartime comfort women and protests has found its way to the Philippines., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry moves toward the end of his Asia tour with a final stop in Beijing., Just two years ago, oil was selling for more than $115 a barrel. It recently dropped to just under $30 putting it at a 12 year low., Photos: An 85-year-old farmer who live in South China’s Fujian has been gone viral on China’s social media after his photographer grandson dressed him up and shot a series of the GQ-style fashion pictures., This is the Year of the Monkey for Chinese New Year. Learn more about the Monkey King., Rehearsals are underway for the 2016 CCTV Spring Festival Gala., Wang Yi said that he and Secretary Kerry had an “in-depth” exchange of views on Pyongyang’s recent nuclear test., The U.S. and Europe are leading a trend, caused by budget constraints, forcing them to downsize their armed forces. Still, the U.S. remains the world's largest arms spender at around 600 billion dollars a year., A new Danish law proposes that money be taken from certain refugees coming through Denmark's borders. International human rights groups have criticized this new law., Iranian President Hassan Rouhani is in Europe stirring up interest in his country, a place that has long been isolated., The impact of the war continues to ripple far beyond Syria's borders. That's especially true when it comes to air strikes., A number of major U-S corporations announced that they will donate millions of bottles of drinking water to a city in the midst of a contaminated water crisis in the U.S., Regional conflicts and the recent terrorist attack have already taken a toll on Turkey's economy. Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu is on tour in Europe, hoping to boost investor confidence., If it works, betting against a stock can mean a pretty profit for a savvy investor, but the same can’t be said about the company whose stock is being shorted., The Spring Festival travel rush has officially begun in China. An estimated 2.9 billion trips will be made on public transport., The World Bank is lowering its 2016 forecast for crude oil prices in its latest Commodity Markets Outlook., Strident, isolationist or just plain unrealistic are some of the words being applied to the rhetoric and policies coming from the leading Republican candidates for U.S. President., Refugees fleeing war have already lost so much, and now they could lose even more. The Danish parliament has backed a controversial proposal to seize their valuables., The CCTV Spring Festival Gala will be held on the eve of the Lunar New Year, February 7th. It’s the biggest TV variety show in China., #VIDEO  Timelapse view of the blizzard out the window of the CCTV America newsroom in NW Washington, D.C. We set up a camera as the first snow flakes started falling. Here is Friday at 2:30pm to Sunday morning 6:30 condensed into one minute 25 seconds., For over an hour, as doctors performed a brain surgery on a man Monday, the 57-year-old musician lay strumming his guitar., Who is protesting in Haiti? News of another postponement of elections in Haiti sparked nearly a week of protests. Some of them turned violent with windows shattered and small fires set on the streets of the capital city of Port-au-Prince.  CCTV’s Stephen Gibbs looked into who these protesters are and what they want.  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=115127, Video: What will happen in extremely low temperature?, TELL US: Is getting a Happy Birthday wish from your mom 10 years after she died -- but recorded while she was still alive -- something you would want? Would you want to record messages for people you care about to have delivered on important days in their lives after you're gone? Let us know, and why! 

(Photo by pixiepic's on Flickr and used under a Creative Commons license.), The reigning Miss Universe has returned home, receiving a hero’s welcome. Despite an awkward crowning, she said she was moving on from the ‘big mistake’., Notorious drug kingpin Joaquin 'El Chapo' Guzman is known for heading one of the most powerful criminal organizations in the world, from his base in Mexico., The United Nations says the Zika virus has a strong chance of advancing across the Americas. Only Canada and Chile have been unaffected so far as the mosquito that transmits the virus has never been seen in those countries., In the U.S. capital city, business is partially getting back to normal, though public transport has not been resumed fully. Not all roads have been cleared either after nearly two days after the snow stopped falling., Tensions between negotiators at the Syrian Peace Talks in Geneva, Switzerland have forced the United Nations to delay the conference until Friday., Colombia's national minimum wage rose 7 percent to reach just above its 2015 inflation rate, but Colombians are protesting the increase., The Egyptian stock exchange was shut for weeks after the first revolution and lost half its value. It bounced back, but is now more than 15 percent down so far this year in common with most markets., Chinese President Xi Jinping outlined multi-billion dollar investment plans for the Middle East during a diplomatic visit to the region., A Colombian band named “Suricato” is putting its own twist on Jazz by giving listeners what it calls a “contradictory sonic experience.”, In fact the underwater wilderness is one of the largest marine parks in the world., Tian Tian at the National Zoo in Washington D.C. teaches us the joys of play in every way..., See what locals are saying about the cancellation of Haitian Elections - from our correspondent Stephen Gibbs in Port-au-Prince., Let us know what you think! , Today is the last day for the Spring Festival couplet Contest. Email your couplet to digital.media@cctv-america.com, and we have a prize for the winners!, People between 25 and 35 years old are under the most pressure, with 86 percent being pushed by their parents to get married., China’s netizens ask: How do you free a half-frozen tortoise?, Indian artist’s amazing 3D paintings

From making portraits of celebrities using simple pencils to these cool 3D artworks, 19-year-old Indian artist Sushant Sushil Rane has come a long way in just three short years., The huge, human migration for Spring Festival begins. Let us know if you are traveling and where for Chinese New Year. Love to see your pictures., Two blasts had ripped through a chemical warehouse located in a residential area in Tianjin on August 12, 2015, killing 160 people. Now the plants are moving away from the densely populated area., Over 4,000 people shared tons of roast lamb, setting a new Guinness World Record, during an event that was organized by a local e-commerce company, as part of its year-end gala to treat its employees and local residents., Correspondent Mike Kirsch reports on the cause of contamination in these coastal waters. He also tells us about the legal battle to decide who should clean it up., One man is working with the local government to design community gardens in public spaces and offers workshops to residents., A year ago he was released from a U.S. prison after 16 years. His return to Cuba was an event of national importance. Now Gerardo sits down to discuss how his life has changed since being back home in Havana., The Bureau of Statistics said at the current rate, the Jewish population living in Israel, the Occupied West Bank, and Gaza will be surpassed by the number of Palestinians in Palestine, raising concerns about an ethnic minority ruling over a majority., Authorities have boosted security across the county amid fears of bombings. Militant groups have increased their attacks in the country since the army ousted former president Mohamed Morsi in 2013., Schools have been shut down for several days and local businesses owners had a hard time getting to work. The government issued warnings stating snowfall is expected to continue until January 25th., Dozens of agreements were signed to deepen China’s engagement with the region., CCTV America’s Susan Roberts interviewed Nikolas Barry-Shaw, an independent researcher and member of Haiti Action Montreal and the Canada Haiti Action Network about the cancellation of elections in Haiti., On the agenda for Rouhani will be seeking closer economic ties, business opportunities and restoring political relations. The first stop is Italy, where Rouhani will meet with Italian president Sergio Mattarella., Facebook user Jeffrey Perez of Millersville, Maryland issued a challenge to the National Zoo's panda Tian Tian for the best snow play. Watch them side by side and you be the judge. (This post was accidentally deleted if you shared this earlier in the day share it again!)

Watch Perez' original post: https://www.facebook.com/jeffrey.perez.7169/videos/10153288298416560/?theater, They're back to being the Los Angeles Rams., How did you fare? Tell us your #snowstory, BREAKING NEWS via Associated Press: Spokeswoman for Israeli ex-President Shimon Peres says he has been rushed to hospital with chest pains., Scenes from first blizzard of 2016 -- and there's more to come... http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/scenes-from-first-blizzard-of-2016, Ultraviolet radiation is reaching dangerous levels in parts of Chile, Bolivia and Peru., This rodeo is for kids ages 5-7 -- on sheep. For realz., The capital of the Brazilian State of Pernambuco is the the area hardest hit by the Zika virus epidemic and the consequent spike in cases of infant deformities. Doctors at the Oswaldo Cruz University Hospital were among the first to notice the rise in newborns with microcephaly., After days of protests against this vote, elections have been called off, and now there is no clear plan as to what happens next. The President, Michel Martelly is bound by the constitution to leave office in two weeks’ time, but he says he will only hand over to an elected president. And now no elections are scheduled., The inherited disorder of Sickle cell disease impacts the bloods ability to deliver oxygen throughout the body. Thomas Hofstra is a Pediatric Hematologist affiliated with Children’s Hospital Los Angeles. He says, globally, the disease often kills patients under the age of five., “Angelina Jolie’s decision to remove both of her breasts, before being diagnosed with breast cancer, was a primary preventive strategy,” explained UCLA’s director of the Breast Oncology Program, Dr. Sara Hurvitz., Did you stay inside and binge watch "Making of a Murderer" on Netflix all day? Here's all the snow glory that you missed on the East Coast: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/scenes-from-first-blizzard-of-2016, After watching her father deteriorate in the throes of Huntington’s Disease, she made the brave and life‐altering decision to undergo testing to see if she too inherited the incurable degenerative disorder., Flynt Leverett of Penn State University discusses Xi Jinping’s Iran visit:, After the Nanjing Yangtze River Bridge in China, the Golden Gate Bridge, in San Francisco, is the second-most used suicide site in the world. But retired California Highway Patrol Sergeant Kevin Briggs is responsible for saving hundreds from taking that leap. [  150 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=113779, Cuban muralist Maisel Lopez paints portraits of local children on Havana's city streets. Watch his work here:, CCTV America's photographer Andrew Smith takes us through the blizzard, with a little help from his dog, and one scary shovel..., CCTV America's Nathan King takes a drive in the snow in D.C., CCTV America's Nathan King visits (and assists) one motorist stuck in the snow during #blizzard2016 in Washington D.C., Tigers at the Bronx Zoo playing in the snow? You be the judge:, What's cuter? A panda at the National Zoo playing in the snow? Or..., Humans and animals alike hunkered down during the #blizzard2016 that impacted millions. And it's still snowing... Learn more, and view tigers at the Bronx Zoo braving the snow:, The World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland is, in part, looking at how global markets are doing. With volatility ruling the day, it has been a brutal few weeks for everyone., Energy cooperation between China and Iran is one of the major purposes of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to the Islamic Republic., Nearly 200 countries committed to a global climate deal last month. It was a major breakthrough for the environmental community and other advocates, and alongside the state leaders agreements, there were smaller accords that didn't make the headlines., One of the top female performers in track and field recently has been Natasha Hastings. The 29-year-old New York native was a Olympic gold medalist at the 2008 games in Beijing., In China's Shandong Province, a month-long rescue operation is on the verge of breaking through to the survivors of a mine collapse. The complexity of the operation has led to a slow rescue speed., The journey for those wanting to continue to Western Europe is increasingly difficult. Although Macedonia reopened its border with Greece this week, few have been allowed to cross., null, The full impact of this week will likely only become clear in the months ahead, but analysts in Cairo are convinced relations between China and Egypt, and the broader region, have moved to a new footing., The war in Syria and the threat of Islamic terrorism were also high on the Davos agenda. With the refugee crisis threatening E.U. stability, most discussions revolved around potential solutions to ensure the bloc's security at this year's World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland., null, #DCBlizzard #DCSnow In many parts of the U.S. capital, Washington, D.C., worries over a record breaking snow storm happening now, have store shelves empty or nearly empty. In this grocery store in downtown Washington, D.C., a CCTV America staff member took video of empty produce shelves after a busy last minute shopping day by residents who were stocking up on food to wait out the storm., Deaths have been confirmed in a school shooting in a remote part of northern #Canada., An armed militia forcibly occupies a federal building in the U.S. state of Oregon raising questions about the role of militias in modern society., The photos below show a beautiful sunrise in Washington, D.C. this morning, and then just hours later, the entire city was engulfed in a snow storm.
The capital of the U.S. is facing a history making snow storm right now. At about 1:30pm local time the snow started to fall and it has gotten progressively stronger and stronger, and will continue through the night. 
Today's China Daily Washington DC shows how the U.S. and China are both experiencing strong blizzard storm conditions in parts of both countries. #DCBlizzard, Two pandas in east China's Hangzhou Zoo were captured having fun in the snow on Thursday. It is the city’s first snow of 2016., Kangkang the monkey, the mascot for China Central Television (CCTV)’s Spring Festival Gala of 2016, was unveiled on Thursday.
However, the Chinese public is having a hard time accepting the design, especially the 3D version., An intense cold wave has swept across many parts of northeast China recently with temperatures dropping to their lowest this winter. In Harbin City, even the penguins were shivering with cold as the temperature plummeted to -30 ºC (-22 ºF)., As of December 2015 the number of Chinese people using the Internet had reached 688 million, and among the ones connected to the Internet, 90.1 percent of them are linked to the Web with their cellphones., A massive blizzard began dumping snow on the southern and eastern United States on Friday, with mass flight cancellations, five states declaring states of emergency, and more than two feet (60 centimeters) predicted for Washington alone., Mexico's government says it will cooperate with the United States' request to extradite re-captured drug lord, Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman., Movies like Blood Diamond put the deadly trade in luxury gems in Africa on the radar. With children often the most vulnerable victims of forced labor, the reality is that some common items many take for granted are put on the market after the pain of illegal child labor. A new report has found that very young children are working in mines as part of a system that puts some of the world's most famous household items on store shelves., More than 1,500 refugees have been stranded at the border between Greece and Macedonia, because authorities in Macedonia closed the border. Now that decision has been reversed., India recently announced that it will ban steel imports to protect its domestic industry, but not everyone is happy with the decision. That includes the Indian auto industry, which believes that it will suffer cost disadvantages., Colombia's government is facing an uproar from citizens as it sold its major stake in Power Generator Isagen SA to a Canadian Investment fund. This is the biggest privatization deal for Colombia in the last decade., On the second day of Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Egypt, he outlined Beijing's policy in the Arab world during a speech in front of the Arab League., Toxic chemicals known as PCBs have been blanketing the floor of the San Diego Bay in California in the U.S. for decades., The death of a Chinese student at Arizona State University in the U.S. recently has heightened the debate over guns in America., Rising sea levels are taking a dramatic toll on low-lying islands and cities around the world. Many of these at risk places are already planning for an uncertain future, and Latin America's largest nation is no exception., Incidents involving consumer level lasers being pointed at aircraft flying over the U.S. are up significantly in the past few years., In Brazil, more than 3,800 babies have been born with birth defects linked to the mosquito-borne Zika virus. So far dozens have died, but first an update on the Ebola situation in West Africa., In November the U.S. will hold an election that the whole world will watch. Want to know the candidates views on Asia? The East West Center has compiled them here: http://www.asiamattersforamerica.org/asia/2016-presidential-candidates-on-asia

(Photo by Theresa Thompson on Flickr), Correspondent Michael Voss sits down for an exclusive interview with “Cuban 5” leader Gerardo Hernandez. Just over a year ago, Hernandez was released from a U.S. prison after 16 years. He’ll tell us about his life now that he’s back in Havana. This Sunday at 6 pm on “Americas Now.”, Meet Kangkang, CCTV Spring Festival Gala’s mascot
China Central Television unveiled the mascot for its annual Spring Festival Gala, which will herald the beginning of the Year of the Monkey., “The first few times we performed, there was this deathly silence. Some people got up and left. Some laughed. But when people saw how developed our work was and how impressive (it was), with so much work behind it and such aesthetic meaning, in the end they applauded. We won over the audience,” Mas said., Buy a melon and you’ll get a painting for free., Chinese president #XiJinping pledged 50 million yuan ($7.6 million) worth of humanitarian aid to Palestine in his speech at the Arab League headquarter.
Xi also pledged $10 billion commercial loan to Middle Eastern countries, $10 billion of preferential loans and $35 million in humanitarian aid for Syria, Jordan, Lebanon, Libya and Yemen. He also listed a series of corporations with the region. #XiVisit, Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in Egypt on Wednesday aiming to boost cooperation in all areas between the two countries. 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=113365, Britain summoned the Russian ambassador for a dressing-down Thursday and imposed an asset freeze on the two main Russian suspects., In 2014, the Colombian National Health Institute reported that the amount of people who signed up to be organ donors fell by 15 percent. Colombia was facing an organ donor shortage, so Congress decided to take action., The powerful weather phenomenon known as El Niño is supposed to become less severe this spring. That's just a few months away, but there's a lot to factor in until then., Scientists, including researchers at Harvard University and the University of California have studied mercury emissions from manmade sources (e.g. things like power plants) from 1990 to 2010. They found that mercury emissions fell by 30 percent in that time., After major match fixing scandals in team sports from baseball to cricket, tennis is under the spotlight. The sport has been rocked by claims that top players threw games in exchange for lucrative bets., An idea has been proposed in Denmark to seize items from wealthy migrants in order to help finance the social services they receive. It's one of a number of ideas likely to become law after a parliamentary vote., Iraq’s oldest Christian monastery has been completely destroyed by ISIL militants., It has caused heavy rain and severe flooding across South America, and scorching temperatures and drought conditions in the Horn of Africa. The weather pattern known as El Nino is cutting a devastating path across the globe., A Chinese expedition team to Antarctica found the world's largest canyon, beneath an ice sheet.
Spotted near the Princess Elizabeth Land, the canyon is more than 1,000 km (620 miles) long, up to 25 km (15.5 miles) wide and 1,500 meters (4920 feet) deep.
The discovery bumps the U.S. Grand Canyon from its spot as the largest known canyon on Earth., Detroit is truly a renaissance city. Check out our interviews with bartender Monica Gyorke of Two James Spirits; Joel Stone, Senior Curator of the Detroit Historical Society; and Jon Chezick of the Detroit Experience Factory. Find out more: https://www.facebook.com/CCTVAmerica/videos/vb.300653326696613/921586941269912/?type=2&theater, Bianzhong, a traditional Chinese musical instrument, and traditional Chinese lanterns are installed in the Luxor Temple in preparation for a visit by Chinese President Xi Jinping, in Luxor, Egypt, Wednesday, Jan. 20, 2016.

The Chinese president will arrive in Luxor on Thursday to attend a gala celebration hosted by Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi at Luxor Temple marking the 60th anniversary of Egyptian-Chinese relations. #XiVisit #XiJinping, Writing an English Spring Festival couplet, and we have a prize for the winners!

Do you have a way with words when it comes to worldly wisdom?  Write a Chinese couplet as part of the Spring Festival celebration. 

A couplet refers to two complementary poetic lines adhering to certain rules. They are often used to decorate doors and walls during Spring Festival to help express hope and happiness for the coming year. 

We will select 5 winners and we will turn the winners into a stylish graphic. We'll post it online during Spring Festival. They will have the English and Chinese versions. Winners will even get a CCTV America mug out of the deal!

DEADLINE: January 25.  Email to digital.media@cctv-america.com

Your couplet should follow at least two of these rules.  We know it will be hard to have the English version work in Chinese, but that's ok. 

1.       Length: The couplet has two equal-length lines. The number of characters/words in each line can be from four to seven or more.
2.       Rhyme: Last word of each line is a repetition of similar sounds (or the same sound)
3.       Corresponding characters/words have the same lexical category (noun-noun, verb-verb, etc.). Many don't follow this very closely, but It will be a plus if you can do that.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=113103, Xi said that China is willing to carry out comprehensive energy cooperation with the GCC countries and be a long-term, stable and reliable energy market for the six-member bloc., Sina Weibo, China’s microblogging platform, has announced that it will remove the 140-character limitation for “paying users,” allowing them to write up to 2,000 characters, starting from January 28.
The company’s CEO Wang Gaofei confirmed the change, adding that they could potentially extend the service to all users starting on February 28. That decision, however, would only be taken after observing the performance of longer posts, he said., Taliban gunmen stormed a university in northwestern Pakistan on Wednesday, killing at least 20 people and triggering an hours-long gunbattle with the army and police before the military declared the assault in a town near the city of Peshawar was over.
A Taliban leader, Khalifa Umar Mansoor, claimed responsibility for Wednesday’s attack in a phone call to The Associated Press from an undisclosed location., The congestion delay index during peak hours in Beijing is 2.06 with the average travel speed being 22.61km per hour, which indicates that commuters driving to work during traffic jams spent twice as much time driving than necessary., At least one person was killed and 48 others are injured after blasts swept a fireworks plant in east China’s Jiangxi Province early Wednesday. Three people are still missing. Rescuers have managed to pull out people in the dormitory area of the plant. Over 1,000 people nearby were evacuated to safe areas after the blasts., Xi said that China is willing to carry out comprehensive energy cooperation with the GCC countries and be a long-term, stable and reliable energy market for the six-member bloc. He suggested the two sides also deepen cooperation in infrastructure, telecommunications, power generation, investment, aerospace, and nuclear and renewable energy. #XiJinping #XiVisit, In earlier millennia, generations of monks tucked candles in the niches, prayed in the chapel, worshipped at the altar., Chinese President Xi Jinping's tour of Saudi Arabia, Egypt and Iran signals a more proactive approach to the Middle East by Beijing., A water crisis in a small town in the U.S. state of Michigan has not only turned into national news, but is gaining international attention with neighboring Canada., China's 2015 GDP moved to 6.9 percent, but China is definitely slowing down from its breakneck pace of just a few years ago., With Chinese President Xi Jinping's Cairo visit, many Egyptians are hopeful this will provide new opportunities for the country's economy., It has been a year since Alberto Nisman's mysterious death in Argentina. Nisman was a prosecutor who was investigating the 1994 bombing of a Buenos Aires Jewish center that killed 85 people, when he was found dead from a gunshot., ISIL is looking to the Philippines for potential recruits. Footage recently uploaded online shows jihadist training camps and a gathering of different armed groups from the south. They’ve been seen pledging allegiance to the terror group., On the Republican side in U.S. politics, the Iowa Caucus, an early vote for a presidential candidate from the politically important U.S. state of Iowa, is pretty straight forward and easy. On the Democratic side it takes a lot longer. 
CCTV America's Nathan King explains why.
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=112987, Terror attacks, a refugee crisis and an economic recovery that refuses to gain momentum are just some of the challenges facing Europe. Once again the E.U. will be a major focus at the World Economic Forum., Iran is back and open for business. The International Atomic Energy Agency confirms Tehran has fulfilled its commitment in the nuclear deal., The first ice bar, where everything is made of ice, opened in Rio de Janeiro this week in the upscale beachside neighborhood of Barra da Tijuca. Admission is by invitation only and just 20 clients at a time are allowed in. The temperature in the bar dips as low as -10°C (14 °F), and clients can only stay for 20 minutes at a time., Since Chinese president #XiJinping took office in 2013, he has travelled to dozens of countries and regions. This interactive map shows all his trips as of the end of 2015. #XiVisit, Ahead of an Oval Office meeting Tuesday, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull asked an audience at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in Washington, D.C. to lobby American lawmakers on the deal’s behalf., China on Tuesday announced that its economic growth edged down to 6.8 percent in the final quarter of 2015 as trade and consumer spending weakened. It meant the country’s full-year growth was at its lowest in 25 years., The International Space Station has a new feather in its cap, so to speak: the first zinnia flower grown outside the earth’s atmosphere., null, President #XiJinping arrived in Riyadh on Tuesday for a state visit. Saudi Arabia dispatched four F15 fighters to escort Xi's plane, as soon as it entered the country's airspace. (CCTV/Wang Yubo) #XiVisit, Chinese President #XiJinping on Monday arrived in the Saudi capital Riyadh at the start of his first state visit of 2016. He received a welcome ceremony by Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud upon arrival. After Saudi Arabia, President Xi will also go to Egypt and Iran. #XiVisit, null, null, null, null, null, Chinese president Xi Jinping makes an impressive trip to multiple countries in the middle east., Iconic artist Frida Kahlo is a revered figure not only in Mexico and among feminists but internationally as well. We are learning even more about her through a collection of personal photographs. They were hidden away in her Mexico City home for half a century before being discovered and for the very first time are now being made public.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, You may have heard about a new international initiative called AIIB. What is it all about? We explain. 

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2016/01/18/what-is-the-asian-infrastructure-investment-bank-or-aiib#ixzz3xcAXqejt 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, null, The United States has said that despite the removal of sanctions, profound differences remain with Iran. And in a sign of those differences, Washington announced on Sunday its decision to impose new sanctions over Tehran’s ballistic missile program.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Tune in now for Americas Now. 6pm EST. Watch anywhere at www.cctvamericalive.com, A resistance movement known as “La Puya” has been protesting the construction of a gold mine in Guatemala. The community group believes the mine, called El Tambor, poses a risk to their environment and a health threat to local residents. [  210 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=111341, We all know flowers are colorful and beautiful…but edible? That’s what residents of Bogota, Colombia’s restaurant scene are discovering. [  95 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=111353, Literacy is an important part of social inclusion. The consequences of illiteracy range from low self-esteem and unemployment, to poverty and poor health. [  190 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=111360, This week’s “Urban Voice” on Americas Now grew up in the Colombian port city of Buenaventura listening to Caribbean rhythms. Today, it is a more classical form of music for which she is becoming internationally known. [  113 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=111367, She’s a legendary Mexican artist famous for her bold and vibrant self-portraits. Now, the discovery of private photographs of her family, reveal new information about the woman and her world. Correspondent Mike Kirsch reports on the painful and passionate life of Frida Kahlo. [  177 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=111376, A special U.S. presidential envoy has tweeted a photo of Jason Rezaian after the American journalist landed in Geneva following his release by Iran.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=112342
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, VIDEO: The launch of the Long March 3B rocket, which carried the satellite, was China’s first space mission of 2016, a year that will see more than 20 Chinese space projects.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket blasted off from California on Sunday (January 17) to put a climate-monitoring satellite into orbit, NASA said.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2016/01/17/spacex-rocket-blasts-off-from-california-with-science-satellite#ixzz3xXAS3MpJ 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, A Swiss air force plane carrying three Americans released by Iran has landed in Geneva. Swiss Foreign Ministry spokesman Jean-Marc Crevoisier confirmed that the jet that touched down after dark Sunday was the one with the Americans on board. From Geneva, they are to be flown to a U.S. air base in Germany.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, After five months of waiting, Washington’s newest panda cub has made his public debut. Thousands waited to catch a glimpse of Bei Bei. He is now an 11 kilogram (24 pounds) feisty bear, getting ready to eat bamboo. CCTV’s Nathan King was among the crowds at the National Zoo.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, The Palace Museum in Beijing, also known as the Forbidden City, launched trial operations of its new digital gallery in December. It aims to introduce the palace through a digital architectural model and give visitors better access to the museum’s treasures through virtual reality displays., We explain how stock market circuit breakers are supposed to make trading safer., Watch Full Frame live now 6pm EST.  Connecting the world through music.  www.cctvamericalive.com, David Foster has been called “Maestro to the stars.” The Canadian-born musician, record producer, songwriter, composer, and arranger has collaborated with some of the greatest superstars in music – across many genres. [  210 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=111004, Scientific evidence shows music can awaken parts of the brain that have lain dormant for years, even in catatonic patients. So, social worker Dan Cohen decided to volunteer at retirement homes and provide music to those suffering from Alzheimer’s disease and dementia. His findings were astounding. [  232 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=111017, Some of the most profound and touching musical performances can be found on street corners, in parks, on train platforms, and in town squares around the world. Combined, the talents of these street musicians can be truly magical. [  179 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=111049, Originally created as a child’s toy, the toy piano has become the inspiration for many musicians. Phyllis Chen not only collects these instruments, she composes beautiful music with them. [  157 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=111058, After five months of waiting, Washington’s newest panda cub has made his public debut. Thousands waited to catch a glimpse of Bei Bei. He is now an 11 kilogram (24 pounds) feisty bear, getting ready to eat bamboo. 

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian is just one of the hostages freed Saturday by Iran. Who are the other four?  READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=112163, null, It's official. U.S. officials say the four Americans, including Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, former Marine Amir Hekmati and pastor Saeed Abidini, were to be flown from Iran to Switzerland on a Swiss plane and then brought to a U.S. military base in Landstuhl, Germany, for medical treatment., U.S. and Mexican intelligence may have worked together to find drug king pin and prison escapee “El Chapo”. The two countries are quietly cooperating with each other more in the battle against drug traffickers., Reports say Washington Post bureau chief Jason Rezaian is among the four prisoners freed by Iran., AIIB will focus on the development of infrastructure with the aim of enhancing Asia’s inter-connectivity and economic integration. It will also invest in sectors including energy and transportation in addition to education and healthcare.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, In addition to four extremists, France's ambassador to Burkina Faso said on Saturday 27 people were killed in the attack at the Splendid Hotel and a nearby cafe in the capital Ouagadougou. That is slightly higher than a death toll of 23 given earlier by the West African nation's president.  
READ MORE:http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=111925, The auto industry is a sector that is more traditionally connected with males, but things are beginning to change in the male-dominated industry., Tsai Ing-wen of the opposition Democratic Progressive Party has won 2016 Taiwan leadership election. READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=112058, Firms like Apple are trying to bring their latest mobile technology to China, but Chinese firm Cheetah is moving the other way with the help of former U.S. Vice President Al Gore., Most of the world’s biggest economies are buying into the AIIB now, but its founders struggled for years to make it a reality. Here’s a closer look at its beginnings and what it aims to achieve in the next few years., Reaction has been big to plans to expand the character limit for tweets from 140 characters, to ten thousand., The European Union and U.S. are expected to formally lift sanctions against Iran this weekend., Peru says it's set to overtake China as the world's second biggest copper producer this year thanks to its new mine., Indonesian police conducted raids across the country in the wake of the Jakarta terror attack. One suspected militant was killed., Thousands are loosing jobs in Argentina and they are taking their grievances to the streets., An announcement that could bring an end to years of crippling sanctions against Iran could come soon., What you need to know about how stock market circuit breakers work., Health officials in France say an experimental drug trial has gone horribly wrong., China is going full speed ahead with its One Belt, One Road project to transform the ancient Silk Road into a 21st century trade corridor. The project is forecast to bring in $2.5 trillion within a decade., China plans to land the first moon probe on the dark side of the moon in 2018, China’s State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense (SASTIND) announced Thursday.
Read More: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=111646, Internet users in China are posting photos with the hashtag of #DStrong to help an 8-year-old American boy with cancer, Dorian Murray, realize his dream of becoming famous in China.  
READ MORE about Dorian at: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=110804

The team at CCTV America in Washington wishes Dorian well.  #DStrong., A colossal 122-foot, 70-ton Titanosaur with thigh bones the size of couches is so big that it it needs not one, but two cavernous rooms in it’s new home, the American Museum of Natural History in New York City. The cast goes on display Jan. 15.

A herbivore, the beast is likely one of the biggest land-walking creatures ever discovered. And it was most likely not even fully grown when it died 100 million years ago.

Discovered in Patagonia, Argentina by a farmer in 2012, paleontologists spent a year and a half excavating several hundred bones. They then spent another half year creating 84 replicas out of fiberglass. The skull was made based on what related skulls look like.

Roughly 20 feet tall at the shoulder, the Titanosaurus would have been eye-level to a five-story building.

More: http://www.cctv-america.com/2016/01/15/giant-dino-titanosaur-now-calls-nyc-museum-home-though-barely, We're hiring.  The latest job openings at CCTV-America.World class talents wanted.  CCTV-America broadcasts news and talk programming from its production facilities in Washington, D.C., joining our headquarters in Beijing – and our sister broadcast center in Nairobi, Kenya – in providing a comprehensive and balanced view of the world in which we live.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Officials from the defense ministries of China and the Republic of Korea (ROK) have begun talks in Seoul to discuss a joint response to the current Korean Peninsula situation. It is the first working-level dialogue between the two sides since 1995 when the mechanism first began., The elderly father said he shred the money so his family wouldn’t “think about his money anymore.” For three months afterwards, that's all his son and daughter-in-law did as they meticulously pieced the RMB back together., Haier Group, the world’s biggest home appliance maker, is buying GE Co.’s appliance business for $5.4 billion to expand its U.S. and global presence., Internet users in China are posting photos with the hashtag D-Strong to help an 8-year-old American boy with cancer realize his dream of becoming famous in China., http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=111495When Venezuela's opposition took down images of the late President Hugo Chavez from the country's National Assembly last week, the government in power expressed outrage., The Arab Spring, or Arab Uprising as it's sometimes called, began in Tunisia. That was five years ago. The unrest quickly spread through half a dozen countries in the Arab World., Environmentalists have been fiercely fighting against shark fins on restaurant tables. As the fish population declines, now some U.S. chefs and tech start-ups are offering a new alternative to the delicacy., South Korea's top nuclear envoy has been in Beijing to meet his Chinese counterpart., Renault's stock price plunges after investigation
News that fraud investigators had inspected French car maker Renault's emissions technology caused its share price to plunge by nearly a quarter., The European Union may be on its way to developing a uniform cyber security policy combining 28 national systems into one. Key legislation just passed the committee stage in the European parliament, with approval still required by the member nations' leaders., An estimated two billion people around the world do not have a bank account. That’s making the push to provide financial services a critical part of building a stable global economy., Immigration activists in the U.S. are angry and criticizing what they say is a growing number of raids on undocumented individuals., The fall of commodity prices and recent elections have given rise to the notion that the left is in decline in Latin America., Foreign direct investment to China grew at a slower rate in 2015, but there was a rapid change in the investment mix. Service investments are far outpacing that of manufacturing., The World Health Organization will officially declare Africa free from the Ebola outbreak which has devastated many parts of West Africa., Global currencies are going up and down all the time. The Australian dollar is the latest currency to continue to drop and it's having an effect on the economy down under., Vacancy of US ambassador to Mexico could hurt relations
The United States has not had an ambassador to Mexico for almost six months. By all accounts, it has little to do with the qualifications of the nominee. It's about politics., The German government wants to make it easier to deport foreigners who commit sex crimes. Almost 600 women claim they were assaulted or robbed in the city of Cologne on New Year's Eve, but critics say immigrants aren't the issue., Series of bomb, gun attacks hit Jakarta in Indonesia
Gunmen and suicide bombers targeted a Starbucks cafe in downtown Jakarta, Indonesia, and a nearby police traffic booth. Two bystanders were killed along with all five attackers. ISIL has claimed responsibility., The fall of commodity prices and recent elections have given rise to the notion that the left is in decline in Latin America. [  181 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=111349, As we look at the development of digital technology worldwide, some of us can't imagine our lives without our cell phones. A recent report published by Ericson, a Swedish-based technology, shows how much they've become part of our world, and China and India are fueling much of the demand. Watch this explainer for the details., Photos unveiled by China Foto Press on Thursday show a 3-D printed machine being used to make pancakes in the southwestern Chinese city of Chengdu, Sichuan province., All the nominees for best actor and actress are white. An awkward repeat of the “OscarsSoWhite” backlash that followed last year’s acting nominees?, Which movie did Alan Rickman say the following line:  "Call off Christmas."

Was it, "Love Actually," "Harry Potter," or "Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves"?, The Qingshui River Bridge in Guizhou Province is now open to traffic. At 406 meters (1332 feet), it’s the world’s second-highest bridge.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Surveillance video shows the three-year-old girl playing around the escalator on the fourth floor as she drifted on the hand rail and lost control, falling to the ground floor., Annual ice lantern show to kick off in Beijing
The 30th annual ice lantern show will start on Friday in Beijing’s Yanqing district., Islamic State group backers have circulated a claim of responsibility for the Indonesian suicide attacks resembling the extremist group’s previous messages.
The claim was shared on Twitter late Thursday. The U.S.-based SITE Intelligence Group said it also circulated among pro-Islamic State groups on the message app Telegram. This marks the first time the radical group’s violence was brought to the world’s most populous Muslim country., U.S. President Barack Obama is leading the charge for more controls on gun sales and including expanded background checks., British actor Alan Rickman has died at the age of 69 in London after suffering from cancer, his family says., Climbing was once considered a niche sport for those with the time and means to reach some of the world's most remote spots. Not anymore. It's booming as some of the most inaccessible drops and overhangs are recreated in some of the most accessible places., A resistance movement known as “La Puya” has been protesting the construction of a goldmine in Guatemala., The Republic of Korea says it fired warning shots at a drone near their border with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. This comes days after Pyongyang claimed it had successfully tested a hydrogen bomb, in defiance of international restrictions., Brazil Olympic preparations on time despite economic crisis
Protests have been taking place in Brazilian cities where the Olympics will be held in August mostly over social issues, but on the economic front, officials say preparations for the events are happening on time and under budget. It's no simple feat in the midst of Brazil's punishing economic crisis., Amid domestic economic slowdown, deep pocketed Chinese investors are increasingly looking at the global market for higher returns. Property is among the most popular sectors receiving funds from China., Countless people around the United States and abroad will be glued to their televisions and other devices waiting for a series of numbers that they hope will forever change their lives., In his final State of the Union speech before the U.S. Congress, U.S. President Barack Obama focused on many broad strokes outlining his ideal vision for the future of the U.S. as he approaches the end of his final term., The city of Detroit is synonymous with American car manufacturing, but despite a strong revival in the U.S. auto industry, Detroit no longer has the prestige it once had., Internet users in China are posting photos with the hashtag of #DStrong to help an 8-year-old American boy with cancer realize his dream of becoming famous in China., There's been a lot of talk about immigration by U.S. presidential candidates, and while they debate, many U.S. companies worry immigration restrictions could hurt their bottom line., Venezuela’s opposition-controlled parliament says it is going ahead with a proposed amnesty law to allow the release of all imprisoned politicians and protesters., Germany's interior minister visited the site of the Istanbul blasts where at least ten German nationals were killed., The Shanghai Disneyland Resort is all set to open on June 16, according to an announcement by the Walt Disney Company and Shanghai Shendi Group on Wednesday.

It was originally scheduled to open in December, 2015, but was delayed as the developers decided to add more attractions., China is investing hundreds of millions of dollars to combat air pollution. Authorities in the world’s second largest economy have set a target of reducing air pollutants by more than 10 percent from 2012 levels by 2017.
While China is investing a lot of money to solve the problem, individuals are also spending their own money to protect themselves from smog., Many Internet users in China posted photos with the hashtag of “#DStrong” to help an 8-year-old American boy with cancer to realize his dream of becoming famous in China. Praying for Dorian

Dorian Murray, who is from Westerly, Rhode Island, has been receiving many good wishes and comforting messages from Chinese netizens, with posters of standing on the Great Wall near Beijing holding signs with the words "#DStrong" and "You are very famous in China".

This is what Dorian has been dreaming about -- being famous in China and seeing the Great Wall, which he called "the bridge in China" that people walk on.

Dorian has been fighting rhabdomyosarcoma, a rare pediatric cancer, since he was 4. The disease was once controlled after a series of painful treatments, but in early January, doctors found the cancer cells had spread to his spinal cord and brain, and the family decided to stop the treatments.

Story compiled informaiton from China Daily and WPRI; Photos: China.org.cn, Video: U.S. President mentioned China a few times Tuesday night in his State of the Union speech.  He said other countries look to the U.S. for leadership, "When it comes to every important international issue, people of the world do not look to Beijing or Moscow to lead. They call us.” #SOTU
Watch the video to see what else he said. Comment with your opinion., “All the talk of America’s economic decline is political hot air,” Obama said in Tuesday night’s address. “So is all the rhetoric you hear about our enemies getting stronger and America getting weaker.”, New photos of the dwarf planet Ceres were taken from the Dawn spacecraft between December 19 and 23, 2015 from an altitude of 240 miles (385 kilometers). It is the closest the Dawn has gotten to Ceres.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, The survey polled nearly 80,000 respondents from across China. Almost one out of five people in their third to fifth year of marriage said they would not marry their current spouse or may not even marry at all, if given another chance. According to the survey, most people in metropolitan cities get married between 22-28., Commodity prices hurt Brazil's export economy
Plummeting oil and other commodity prices along with sluggish demand is breaking the bank for many countries. Brazil's export dependent economy has been hit hard. The cash shortage is now forcing some towns and cities to cancel their annual carnival celebrations., Turkey is pointing the finger at ISIL for a suicide bomb attack in a popular tourist area of Istanbul., The latest military shake-up puts more units under the umbrella of the Central Military Commission. Chinese President Xi Jinping calls for better combat ability and more new weapon systems., With the development of digital technology worldwide, some of us can't imagine our lives without our cell phones., In the Peruvian capital, environmental authorities are equipping vultures with hi-tech gear and using them as flying rubbish detectors., It’s called Implementation Day. It’s the moment when the West decides Iran has complied with commitments on pacifying its nuclear program., This year’s Detroit Auto Show is again proving today’s vehicles are less about horsepower, and more about technology., Germany says it is changing rules to make it easier and faster to deport criminals., Peace talks have opened in Myanmar and government leaders are meeting with eight ethnic armed groups to end six-decades of conflict., After putting it off twice, the Philippines’ Supreme Court finally decided to legalize the defense agreement signed in 2014 with the U.S., Stay with CCTV America's live stream after the broadcast finishes in the next 10 minutes to watch U.S President Barack Obama's State of the Union speech to the United States Congress in Washington, District of Columbia http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, Although the United States makes up just about five percent of the world population, it accounts for up to 50 percent of the world’s civilian owned guns., "Bowie connected with me, hard, right there in the waning minutes of the midnight hour in my parents’ basement a year before I was in captivity, aware of my problems but not of the solution.", With this year’s speech expected to focus on the future, with only a few policy proposals, U.S. President Barack Obama will give his final State of the Union address Tuesday evening to the U.S. public., President Obama is giving his last State of the Union address tonight. Jessica Stone is there, reporting on the big issues he's likely to address: ISIL, jobs, the TPP, keeping the country safe. Stay tuned!, Pentagon: 2 U.S. Navy boats in Iranian custody; crew will be returned 'promptly':, A camel race was held in the winter Nadam Fair in North China's inner Mongolia this Monday and Tuesday. Check this video for the competition., A crucial peace conference began in Myanmar’s capital Naypyidaw on Tuesday, bringing together representatives from the government and armed ethnic groups., Where is the most expensive street to rent an office? Beijing or New York?, Ctrip.com, China’s largest travel website, is caught in another ticket controversy after a consumer complained that he was told that his ticket was invalid when he sought to board his flight., Wanda Group said Tuesday it is buying Hollywood’s Legendary Entertainment, the maker of films such as “Batman,” for $3.5 billion in the first Chinese acquisition of a major U.S. film company., Wanda Group's takeover of Legendary Entertainment, the U.S. studio behind hit films such as "Batman" and "Inception," is the latest in a slew of acquisitions.  
Who is Wanda? This post explains., Latest from Istanbul bombing: 10 dead, 15 wounded in explosion near Blue Mosque, More details are emerging three days after Joaquin 'El Chapo' Guzman was re-captured., For nearly three months, an environmental and health disaster has been plaguing the Southern California town of Porter Ranch., Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) has halted its operation to rescue migrants crossing the Mediterranean Sea from North Africa. The aid organization says it's saved around 20,000 people in recent months. But the seas are now too rough, to continue., Last week a man was arrested in Walt Disney World in Florida after trying to enter the theme park with a handgun. Fears of a Paris style attack have rippled through the world with certain companies in the U.S. taking precautions to protect their customers., In this golf game, you don't use clubs..., Where China's economy is headed in 2016 is a question at the forefront of most investors' minds right now. A recent conference hosted by the National Committee of U.S.-China Relations and Peking University in New York brought together a group of experts who may have some answers., It's a historic time for Mexico's oil industry as the country opens the sector to foreign investment, but the country's illicit drug trade and organized crime may be more than some foreign companies are willing to take on., The New Year has barely started, but already this week, both U.S. and European politicians have led trade missions to Cuba, looking to take advantage of the changes taking place there, with more due next week., After a record year for U.S. car sales, the mood at the 2016 Detroit Auto Show is one of celebration. Car makers clocked sales of 17.5 million vehicles in 2015, helped by America's easy credit, improved economic growth, and a huge drop in gas prices., BREAKING via AP: China's Wanda Group buying Hollywood's Legendary Entertainment for $3.5 billion, German officials say at least 19 people are under investigation for the assaults on revelers at New Year's eve festivities in Cologne. The majority are recent arrivals from North Africa and the Middle East., Former Lt. Col. Tony Shaffer on the Afghan peace talks
CCTV America interviewed Tony Shaffer a senior fellow at the London Center for Policy Research and a retired Lieutenant Colonel in the U.S. military about the latest talks., The Turkish government has been battling the Kurdish militant group, the PKK, since 1984. Tens of thousands have been killed over the decades. Now, Turkey is facing a new threat: ISIL. Ankara is also facing criticism from the international community for not doing enough to combat the jihadists., Pakistani leaders presented a list of Taliban representatives willing to negotiate with Afghanistan at a meeting in Islamabad on Monday., BREAKING via AFP: Venezuela's Supreme Court rules the opposition-held National Assembly's actions are null and void., The panda cub Bei Bei, born at Smithsonian’s National Zoo in Washington D.C., will start receiving visitors for the first time Jan. 16, 2016.
In a sneak peak, the Chinese ambassador to the United States, Cui Tiankai, paid an early visit to China’s newest cultural diplomat., China’s Civil Aviation Administration issued its first regulations to operate light-duty civilian unmanned aircraft last month due to the remarkable increase in civilian drones being flown in the country., Bowie, “The Man Who Fell to Earth,” had just released his 28th studio album, "Blackstar," on his last birthday to excellent reviews., President Xi Jinping ordered a reorganization of the military headquarters’ structure on Monday.
The reform will reorganize the four headquarters responsible for staff, politics, logistics and armaments and their replacement with 15 new agencies under the direct authority of the ruling Communist Party’s Central Military Commission, including seven departments, three commissions and five other departments directly under the command of the CMC., Representatives of South Korea, China, the United States and Japan in six-party talks to dismantle the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK)’s nuclear program will meet this week to discuss the DPRK’s fourth nuclear test, Seoul’s foreign ministry said Monday., Before the Sean Penn interview, El Chapo wanted Diego Fonseca to ghost write his autobiography. We interviewed him in March. Watch it here:, As people remember the victims of the 2015 attacks, many were still coming to terms with the fact that while the attacks may have been planned overseas, almost all of the attackers were French citizens., Some officials say an interview El Chapo gave to actor Sean Penn helped authorities track him down. The actor met Joaquin Guzman while he was on the run., “Almost every superhero has two different identities. Superman is both superman and Clark Kent. Batman is both batman and Bruce Wayne. And they have to live their lives in a way where they negotiate these two identities you know. And that was true of me as an immigrants kid,” Yang said., This year’s parliament includes 89 female MPs, the highest in decades. And for the first time, a third of the assembly are youth., More than 30 countries are involved in the fight against Islamic State – but how many of those make a material difference on the ground?, Are you watching the #GoldenGlobes? Let us know what actors and shows you're rooting for!, Foreign ministers accuse Tehran of interfering in Middle Eastern states and undermining regional security., The EU pledged more than $100 million to help Libya combat the terrorist group. But as Jack Barton explains, only under one condition., Kim Jong Un made the remarks on a military visit, just as the U.S. sent warplanes over its ally, the Republic of Korea., Plan on watching the Golden Globes tonight? Our own May Lee has you covered!, The world’s largest consumer technology show wrapped in Las Vegas, with many Chinese companies making a big splash., The focus of the dissent is identity checks at Copenhagen airport before the Swedish border. It means the majority of migrants and refugees cannot reach Sweden to claim asylum there, as few carry passports., “When my website crashed from too many hits I realized it’s time to make a change.", “I like being able to give back,” explained Natalie. “It’s a special opportunity.”, At the age of 15, while sitting in the stands of a FIFA World Cup tournament, Garrett Weiss realized the power soccer held for those living in Angola., “Because I was passionate about helping those who are homeless, and passion is like breathing – it doesn’t stop – I learned, really early on, that those who are homeless, they’re people, just like us.", "Something had to be done and really quick since nobody wants feces in their water.”, A deal to deliver aid to three besieged Syrian towns is underway. According to the World Food Program, a convoy carrying a month’s worth of food and medicine is expected to reach the rebel-held town of Madaya on Monday, where 40,000 people have been trapped since the town was sealed off in July., Why this was a volatile week in Venezuela., Drug kingpin El Chapo is back in jail. And yes, it's the same one he  escaped from last summer., CCTV America's Mike Walter interviewed Teng Jianqun, director for the Center of Arms Control at the China Institute of International Studies., A weaker won could be a win for South Korea’s economy. Experts predict the Korean currency to weaken substantially against the U.S. dollar in 2016. But what is of concern is just how far it could fall and how much it will fluctuate., Denmark wants to seize items from wealthy migrants to help finance the social services they receive. It's one of a number of proposed measures likely to become law after a parliamentary vote., Get ready: "The Force Awakens" is about to open in China., As chronicled in the movie “The Big Short,” banking was once among the most attractive industries for the brightest and most ambitious. But since the global financial crisis, that’s less so., China now world's largest online gaming market
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=109298, A local affiliate of ISIL claimed credit of the recent bomb attacks in Libya that killed at least 65 at a police training center. This raises questions about Libya's ability to deal with ISIL without foreign military intervention., The coffee competition is heating up in Mexico. Nestle's launch of multi-million dollar pilot program could make it a contender against Starbucks., CCTV America’s Stephen Gibbs recaps from Caracas a very volatile week in politics., On day three of the world’s largest consumer electronics show, it wasn’t just the latest tech innovations that made headlines. It was a shocking raid that pitted a Chinese and U.S. company against each other., Gunman carried out Philadelphia police attack 'in name of Islam'	http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=109370, Iran's young seek opportunities in hi-tech startups
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=109326, One year's gains in Shanghai market lost in one week
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=109247, Condemnation and skepticism continued days after the DPRK claimed to successfully test a hydrogen bomb., It's Friday night, and we're working hard to get the day's news out to you! #behindthescenes, People living in public housing in the U.S. can be banned from smoking in their own homes. Now, the federal government is proposing a new ban on smoking in all public housing., The White House announced today that the Departments of Homeland Security and The United States Department of Justice  will establish task force to counter violent extremism in the U.S. The U.S. Department of State will also establish the Global Engagement Center and leading technology companies in the U.S. will aid in combatting terrorism and violent extremism online., Danish, German tourist wounded in attack in Egyptian resort, Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto announces that drug lord Chapo Guzman has been captured:, #BREAKING: 3 gunmen storm hotel in Egypt's Red Sea resort of Hurghada, wounding 2 foreign tourists. via Xinhua., Three Chinese study abroad students in Los Angeles are facing sentences of up to 13 years in prison after allegedly kidnapping and abusing a classmate in March last year., BREAKING: Mexico's president says that they have captured the drug lord known as "El Chapo": https://twitter.com/EPN/status/685526304058294272

For more on his escape:, China' Foreign Minister Wang said China is ready to work with other parties to jointly address the issue to safeguard the international nuclear non-proliferation treaty., A gargantuan gold-painted statue of China’s founding father Mao Zedong has suddenly been demolished, apparently due to the lack of government approval., BREAKING: Cologne police chief suspended after New Year assaults: news agency, Chinese drone maker Ehang Inc. on Wednesday unveiled what it calls the world’s first drone capable of carrying a human passenger., Nigeria’s president set a deadline for its military: Defeat Boko Haram in three months. That deadline has come and gone., On the pressures companies face to keep up with tech consumer trends., China's new circuit breaker mechanism triggers again., Some businesses are doing away with gratuities — and the trend is causing a stir., For supporters of Hugo Chavez, this is tantamount to blasphemy. But the opposition says it is about restoring neutrality., One of the rapidly expanding sectors for tech: auto., Business owner still bears scars from Charlie Hebdo attackers
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=108946, Chinese parents are famous for their so-called "tiger mom" style of bringing up their children by laying down exacting standards in their kids education and extracurricular activities., Government forces have been battling Kurdish militants in southeastern Turkey for months., One year on from the Charlie Hebdo attacks, vulnerabilities have been exposed in Europe's security apparatus., Saudi Arabia executed a high profile Shia cleric Jan. 2, sparking outrage and inflaming long-simmering tensions with Iran., A man holding a knife and wearing a fake suicide vest tried to enter a police station and was shot and killed by officers., China now has 422 giant pandas bred and living in captivity, and 1,864 live in the wild., Photos: This fish has legs! Colorful #axolotls, are on display in central China's Shiyan in Hubei province. While the axolotl is colloquially known as a "walking fish", it's actually an amphibian. 
According to IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, the surviving wild axolotl population is very small. (Photo from Xinhua), The Exhibition on central China’s Hunan culture,  is on display in UN headquarter this week. 
The exhibition displays more than 100 pictures and 5 video clips showing its breath-taking natural scenery, rich history of humanity and the colorful and harmonious life of its people from more than 50 ethnic groups., China’s securities regulator, the CSRC, says the circuit break mechanism will be suspended starting Jan.8, Friday., What's the difference between an H-bomb and an A-bomb?	Learn more here:, "I demand the DPRK cease any further nuclear activities and meet its obligations for verifiable denuclearization,” U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said., From Leonardo da Vinci's "Mona Lisa" to Vincent van Gogh's "Starry Night," primary school students in eastern China's Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, have reenacted those paintings. And they've instantly become online sensations.

While in some photos, the students cosplayed the subjects of the paintings, in others, they recreated the paintings using their own interpretations.

According to Zhejiang online, more than 400 works were submitted by the students during the event organized by the school out of which 70 were selected for display at the school.

Click on the photos to go through the masterpieces through the children's lens. 
Photo: Zhejiang Online, Several fashion and lifestyle publications have shuttered after losing readers to their online peers in China., Terror attacks, stubborn economic troubles, and the refugee crisis. These are just some of the issues Europe had to confront last year. And 2016 may be just as rocky., It was a brutal year for some of the world's richest people. 2015 would be one to forget for Mexico's richest man. Carlos Slim's net worth took a multi-billion dollar hit due to volatile markets and government regulations., What do you invest in if you have a lot of spare money lying around? For some people it's property, art, or vintage wine. But as rare, first-edition books gain value,  those old hardbacks gathering dust on your bookshelf could turn out to be treasure troves., The world's largest consumer electronics show CES kicked off Wednesday in Las Vegas., Rising interest rates in the U.S. mean higher financing costs for small businesses. And as many small business owners don't qualify for traditional loans, they usually turn to alternative lenders who can charge astronomical fees., Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi hailed what he calls the “liberation” of Ramadi from Islamic State control. But his country still faces huge challenges to reclaim all of its territory., CCTV America’s Mike Walter interviewed Barry Pavel, the vice president of the Atlantic Council. He also leads the Brent Scowcroft Center on International Security., Out of everything we have seen at #CES2016, these are the things we would actually buy., Video: Chinese traffic cameras capture tremors from DPRK's bomb test.
Read more: DPRK announces successful hydrogen bomb test
http://www.cctv-america.com/2016/01/06/dprk-announces-successful-hydrogen-bomb-test, Oh, Vegas. #partylikearockstar #CES2016, Monument is an archiving storage device that stores your photos and videos, connects to wifi and your phone #CES2016, These speakers project a narrow beam of sound. Many possible uses, like dual viewing and bedtime TV. #CES2016, The @DietSensor is an app that pairs with food scanner. It detects food and gives you nutritional content. #CES2016, Hate noisy environments? You'll want the ORFEO (<$200). Cancels noise. Picks up voice in ear canal for phone chats., Hey look, it's instant 3D images! #CES2016, Is it possible to put a massage chair on your expense report? Our producer hopes so., Tourists from all over China braved the freezing cold to visit a winter wonderland on Tuesday, as the annual Harbin Ice and Snow Festival kicked off.
The attraction features castles, towers and buildings created out of thick blocks of ice that are illuminated after nightfall., #CES2016 is all things China right now., How are Chinese #smarthome companies different than those in West? One measures PM2.5 #pollution inside. #CES2016, China’s central authorities have sent the first ever environmental protection team to Hebei province to undertake a month-long investigation to help reduce pollution., Most of the 1,200 Chinese booths here are wholesalers. They're looking to do some business with distributors here at #CES2016, CCTV America's Matt Simon describes the challenges of getting to #CES2016 https://youtu.be/GzojRgEjaLo, DPRK announced Wednesday that it successfully tested a hydrogen bomb, hours after seismic activity was detected near the site of an earlier nuclear weapons test., “We strongly urge the DPRK side to remain committed to its denuclearization commitment, and stop taking actions that would make the situation worse,” said Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying., China successfully carried out test flights of two civilian aircraft on Wednesday on a newly-built airfield in the Nansha Islands of the South China Sea., A new app called Spotluck hopes to help restaurants fill tables on slow days. The app that lets local establishments offer real time discounts when business is slow., The latest Islamic State propaganda video that has spread through social media featured a new unnamed spokesman threatening the United Kingdom., Worsening Iran-Saudi tensions could harm regional economy, ISIL fight	http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=108337, The lunar new year is still one month away, but for many Chinese, the celebrations can never begin too early. A buying frenzy has descended ahead of the Year of the Monkey. CCTV's Xu Geng reports from Beijing., BREAKING NEWS via AP: Democratic People's Republic of Korea says it has conducted a successful hydrogen bomb test, a surprise announcement., China is among the countries with the highest rate of women in the work force, but women in China still face challenges as they strive for successful careers including corporate glass ceilings, discrimination, and motherhood., The Mexican government has been handing out free digital television sets as a part of its push to move away from an analog broadcasting system.  A week ago, it became the first country in Latin America to fully switch to all-digital television transmission., The National Assembly in Venezuela met for the first time since the opposition party won a majority in legislative elections -- marking the first time in 17 years they've controlled the legislature., Chinese companies make a splash at CES. CCTV America's Matt Simon has more:, The first major electoral test for the U.S. presidency is now just weeks away. So far, the current campaign for the White House is focused on issues including income inequality. Many Americans are concerned about the increasing gap between the rich, the middle class, and poorer sections of American society. But, will voters do anything about it?, .@ZTE_USA unveils a program called "Passport 2.0," with unlimited repairs (among other things) #CES2016, And 10 minutes later, the @ZTE_USA Avid Plus is unveiled. $115 at @TMobile #CES2016, Within 2 minutes of taking the stage, @ZTE_USA already makes its first reveal. "Grand X 3" ($129 at Cricket), CCTV America's Matt Simon describes the growing presence of Chinese tech companies at CES., A visibly emotional President Barack Obama, at one point wiping tears from his cheek, unveiled his plan Tuesday to tighten control and enforcement of firearms in the U.S., using his presidential powers in the absence of legal changes he implored Congress to pass., Gold in the air? No., Heavy snow fallen for over two week in Altay Prefecture of northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region., Thanks for watching live stream. Switching to update mode., Chinese television company Hisense reveals its newest television at #CES2016. Subscribe for more live streams., The annual Ice Festival in Northeastern China’s Harbin province attracts visitors from all over the world., Event ends without @TCL_USA announcing a price for its new X1 TV. But announced partnership with @Dolby #CES2016, Live stream done but event still going on. Will update with price and release date of TCL's new TV., Chinese company TCL unveils new TVs and expansion plans. Subscribe for more from CES, Chinese netizens were outraged after photos of three passengers posing with a gun-shaped item on a plane went viral on Monday.
In the photos shared by a civil aviation related WeChat, How does China-based TCL plan to expand into new markets like the United States? We are about to find out. Live stream starts at top of hour. #CES2016, Hours after a deadly suspected arson attack in Yinchuan city in northwest China’s Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, police have arrested the major suspect who they believe set fire to a bus, according to local media’s latest reports., U.S. President Obama in tears during speech announcing executive action on gun control 
Full video & text of fact sheet on Obama’s Executive Action to reduce gun violence: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=108164, Live stream for Huawei. New products revealed. Subscribe for more from CES2016, The U.K. is expected to announce the launch of a new two-year multiple-entry visa for Chinese tourists, with plans for a 10-year visa., Obama accused the gun lobby of taking Congress hostage, but said “they cannot hold America hostage.” He insisted it was possible to uphold the Second Amendment while doing something to tackle the frequency of mass shootings in the U.S. that he said had become “the new normal.”

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Coming up at the top of the hour, we will attempt to live stream the Huawei press announcement., Lighting in here is poor. We are going to switch to updates., How does a company make glasses-free 3D TV? Live stream. Will end at 20 past hour., We are very eager to see what glasses-free 3D ultra-HD TV looks like. More to come in about 20 minutes., LIVE NOW: http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, A little more than 5 hours from now, #Samsung will make its reveals. We peeped two TVs as crews set up. One of them is freakin' massive. #CES2016, #LIVE #VIDEO @POTUS announces  plan to reduce #gun violence. Starts 11:40. Livestream  www.cctv-america.com/livenews, Instant review of Fitbit Blaze new smart fitness watch at #CES2016  Fitbit, Moving over to Twitter to continue updates. Follow @CCTV_America, U.S. President Obama will deliver remarks on gun control in 11:40 EST Watch live here: http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews
For more on Obama's gun control initiative: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=108164, Announcement from Fitbit at CES, Getting set for big day of product announcements at #CES2016. First up: @fitbit. Let's do this., Follow the latest from #CES2016 from our man on the ground, Matt Simon.  All coverage on this page and our social media. Follow us for the latest.  LINK: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=107500   
We give you the first look at tech like the Faraday Future FFZERO1 Concept car. It’s a high-performance, all-electric, (likely) fully-autonomous car with a design that’s unlike anything we’ve seen outside of Hollywood. LINK: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=108088

Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook | cctvamerica on Instagram, Update: Police have arrested a suspected arsonist as the death toll from a bus fire in northwest China rose to 17 with three more bodies found at the scene, said an official on Tuesday.
The dead included eight males and nine females. All the 32 injured, aged between 20 and 65, are being treated at Ningxia Medical University General Hospital in Yinchuan, capital of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, said Ma Kai, vice mayor of Yinchuan, at a press conference., A copycat competition was recently held in a primary school in East China's Hangzhou, in which participants were required to submit replicas of world famous paintings featuring themselves or other objects. Check out to see how many of them you can recognize., El Nino is a weather pattern that originates in the warm waters of the western Pacific Ocean. The phenomenon sees those waters moving east travelling along the equator and then settling off the shores of northwestern South America. It’s a weather pattern that typically happens every two to seven years, but it can occur more frequently., Puerto Rico's governor is preparing to call in the lawyers. The Caribbean island is sitting on a $72 billion debt and defaulted on some of it again this Monday., The big reveal from Faraday Future is here. We have never-before-seem pics of FFZERO1 here. http://www.cctv-america.com/2016/01/05/if-ever-there-were-a-blueprint-to-kill-tesla-this-would-be-it, null, Mexico wants to double its food exports to China in the coming year. Mexican exports to China hit a record high in 2015 up 25 percent according to the Mexican government., Peru's minerals have long been the backbone of the country's economy and trade relations with China, but Chinese investments have sometimes seen mixed reactions from local residents., BREAKING NEWS via AP: Fire spokeswoman says 14 dead, more than 30 injured from bus fire in north China, Turkey's new visa regulations for Syrian refugees are going into effect this week., Read the full text of Obama's new executive action on gun violence. Read more about it here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=107880, The Shanghai border agency working to alleviate long lines at ports due to security checks. CCTV's Lin Nan reports., This is pretty amazing. Company called Allie is selling a life-streaming VR device that captures panoramic views. Matt Simon is amazed., Sweden and Denmark are stepping up security to stop the flow of refugees. The crackdown is causing delays for commuters and an even bigger headache for Germany., While tobacco consumption rates are decline in Western countries, developing nations continue to light up cigarettes despite the health effects. Tobacco rates are on the rise in countries including China and the continent of Africa., UPDATE: Obama moves to require background checks for guns bought from dealers online, at gun shows., Sorry about the premature ending to the live feed. You didn't miss anything and speech has concluded., Revealing the tech trends to watch in 2016. -at #CES2016 with CTA chief economist Shawn DuBravac., A strong earthquake damaged buildings, killed at least eight people, and injured more than 100 in India’s remote northeast region early Monday., This 3-million-yuan statue of Mao Zedong doesn’t look like him
A village in China’s Henan Province has set up a 36.6-meter-tall golden statue of late Chinese leader Mao Zedong, which has cost local entrepreneurs and villagers almost 3 million yuan (459,300 US dollars)., Investigators in the U.S. are considering another underwater search for the 'black box' of a freighter, the El Faro, that sank in October near the Bahamas. The agency on Sunday released video of the ship in its final resting place.
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=107789
Video: NTSB, Beijing's average particulate matter index was more than double the official level targeted nationwide in 2015., This is what it's like trying to find one press room at #CES2016 in Las Vegas., We are in Las Vegas for #CES2016, which is the world's biggest consumer electronics show. Matt Simon will be your tour guide in the days ahead. Here's his welcome message., A Nanjing Massacre-themed museum, the L.A. Memorial Hall of American Heroes during Nanjing Massacre, opened in the city of Los Angeles on the last day of 2015.
The opening exhibition at the museum honors 22 Americans who risked their lives to stay in Nanjing and help the locals during the 40 days of carnage – from December 1937 to January 1938 – that saw over 300,000 Chinese civilians and soldiers being slaughtered by Imperial Japanese soldiers., A U.S. official said Monday that Secretary of State John Kerry had spoken with Iran’s foreign minister. The official Saudi Press Agency reported Kerry had also spoken with the Saudi crown prince. One U.S. official said Kerry’s message was to urge calm and warn against overreaction that some fear could lead to a sectarian war.
U.S. officials said the administration is loath to insert itself into the row between Riyadh and Tehran but wants to ensure the viability of the fight against the Islamic State group, nascent attempts to end Syria’s civil war and the Iran nuclear deal., China’s stock market lurched lower again Monday, triggering “circuit breakers” that halted trading. The slump was the latest episode in months of turmoil for Chinese investors. Take a look at the the turmoil of Chinese stock market in 2015., Trading on China's stock markets has been suspended after steep losses and triggered a new-introduced ‘circuit-breaker’ mechanism on the first trading day of 2016 on Monday., Chinese people love going to the movies. A total of 8,035 screens were installed in 2015 — a rate of 22 screens erected every day. 

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Follow our digital reports from #CES on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and www.cctv-america.com.  Over the coming days, CCTV-America will bring you some of the most innovative, creative and downright awesome technologies on display in Las Vegas. You’ll get instant access to the center of innovation.
CLICK FOR MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=107500

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, The fighting in the Iraqi city of Ramadi pushed many families out of the line of fire., Demonstrations erupted across the Middle East Sunday as Shiite Muslims protested Saudi Arabia’s execution of prominent Shiite cleric Nimr al-Nimr. Protesters in the Iranian capital, Tehran, broke into the Saudi embassy early Sunday morning — setting fires and throwing papers from the roof before being dispersed by police. Demonstrations also took place in Bahrain, Turkey, Pakistan and northern India., China said its test flight on Yongshu reef is ‘within sovereignty’ after Vietnam accused China of violating its sovereignty by landing a plane on an airstrip Beijing built in the South China Sea., In the U.S. President Obama is setting his sights on stricter gun controls., Imagine a shirt that lets you feel your favorite athlete’s excitement when he or she scores a goal, or wins a race. Billie Whitehouse, not only imagined this, she designed it., For adults, learning a second language can be incredibly difficult, but it’s much easier for toddlers and young children. Why is that?, Researchers are finding that physical activity, especially aerobic exercise, has a significant positive impact on brain function, from improving learning to preventing dementia., In 2014, millions around the world watched as a 29-year-old paraplegic from Brazil used a mind-controlled robotic suit to kick the official ball during the FIFA World Cup opening ceremony. While it was a brief moment, it was a kick that was years in the making., Imagine learning a brand new skill, anything, in just 20 hours. From speaking a new language or playing an instrument to riding a windsurfing board or even taking amazing photographs., Whether it’s to work out more, or to stop smoking every January people vow to change. That is until life happens., null, null, null, With the New Year come new laws throughout the Americas. They range from changes in travel restrictions to relaxed drug policies. CCTV's Jim Spellman took a look at some of these changes., Hundreds of homes were destroyed by a New Year's Day fire in the Philippines capital. Firefighters and residents worked together to douse the flames in the Manila shanty town. It's still not clear how it started. But investigators suspect a loose firecracker. At least 2,000 are now homeless. They're being sheltered in a basketball gym., Authorities in southern China have formally arrested 11 people for their role in a deadly landslide two weeks ago. A mountain of construction waste collapsed onto an industrial park during heavy rains in Shenzhen. 12 people died and 62 others are missing and presumed dead.
The suspects include a dispatcher and a supervisor at the landfill, and the chief and deputy manager of a company in charge of the site.
They are charged with negligently causing a serious accident. Officials have labeled the landslide a man-made disaster., You can still watch us live on your smartphone and tablet. CLICK: http://livestream.com/cctv/live, PHOTOS: How Chinese people welcomed the first day of 2016., Our website, cctv-america.com is having server issues right now. We apologize for the inconvenience., Firefighters are still on the scene of the fire in a Dubai high rise. No cause has been released yet. VIDEO: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=106990, The reforms include China reducing its military personnel by 300,000 by the end of 2017. But China will still have the largest military in the world. 

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2016/01/01/china-rolls-out-new-military-reform-plan#ixzz3w0LYAWGJ 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, #China and #Cuba ties get stronger and stronger with new boosts in #tourism and #trade, PHOTOS: People across China welcomed the New Year in their own unique ways.

SEE MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/2016/01/01/photos-china-celebrates-new-years-eve
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Photos of how the world celebrated New Year's Eve.  
SEE MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=107189, #Brazil and the world #economy look to improve in 2016, null, null, With a moratorium on adoptions out of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, at least 1,000 families find themselves waiting months or years for the adoption process to complete., VIDEO: Here's what some folks thought about 2015 and a few of their New Year's resolutions. What are yours? Let us know in the comments!, VIDEO: Some of us here at CCTV America went on the record for our New Year's resolutions. Now there is proof if we don't stick to them!  What is your resolution for 2016?, Starting Jan. 1st, some new laws and regulations take effect in China: 
#China has 250 million migrant workers. They'll be able to apply for local residence permits in cities they work.
It means they'll have better access to public services like #education and #healthcare.
A new law on air #pollution also goes into effect on New Year's Day, which includes tougher penalties for offending businesses.
For millions of retail investors in China, a stock market circuit breaker designed to help ward off drastic market swings goes into effect.
Also a new registration-based listing rule is aimed at giving the market a greater role in initial public offerings or #IPOs., Munich police say on Facebook that according to “serious information, there will be an attack tonight.”
 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, WATCH: Here's what some #DC folks are saying about what they thought of 2015 and a few of their New Year's resolutions. What are yours? Let us know in the comments!  🎉, The five-star hotel is near the Burj Khalifa, the world's tallest building. At least one person suffered a heart attack from the smoke and over-crowding during evacuation, and 14 suffered minor injuries. 
READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=106990, BREAKING: Massive fire breaks out in residential skyscraper near Dubai's New Year's fireworks display., China’s outbound tourism market has seen strong growth in the last few years, increasing by more than 12% annually since 2009., Photo of the day: A young boy plays with newly-made lanterns in Donghuafeng Village in Wuzhi County, central China's Henan Province, Dec. 30, 2015. Locals had been busy making the iconic red lanterns to greet the upcoming new year. 

(Xinhua/Feng Xiaomin), President Xi: "Let’s work together to build a community of common destiny of all mankind, which is shared by all people in every country.", The footage of the drill, which was released today, shows J-15 pilots practicing touch-and-goes, missing approaches and preparing for other contingencies for carrier-based operations., Chinese President Xi Jinping delivers 2016 New Year Message
Chinese President Xi Jinping extended New Year wishes to people all across the Chinese mainland, compatriots in the Hong Kong SAR, the Macau SAR and Taiwan, along with overseas Chinese and friends in other countries and regions all over the world in a televised address on Thursday evening.
During the speech, Xi recounted the achievements made through the year with regard to economic growth, judicial and educational reforms and the fight against corruption, while pledging that the Communist Party of China and the government will continue their efforts to improve the quality of people’s lives., The extra security will increase the wait time for the million or so expected participants, but officials are quick to caution those celebrating: if you see something, say something. 

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, President Raul Castro has warned Cubans of tougher times ahead with an economic slowdown in 2016. Falling oil and commodity prices are offsetting increased tourist revenues following the U.S. and Cuba restoring diplomatic relations, When it comes to homes, many owners believe bigger is better. But now there’s a new counter-trend that may be growing in popularity: tiny homes, often 20 square meters of living space or less., CCTV America’s Michelle Makori interviewed Richard Nassimi, the founder of the The Nassimi Group., VIDEO: Opening New Year's Eve champagne with style! Watch CCTV's Michelle Makori try it with a saber.  But you won't want to drink from the bottle. WATCH MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=106883, Greece almost went bankrupt in the year of 2015. The migrant crisis is merely the latest problem for the Eurozone’s most vulnerable economy., The latest terror attacks in Paris and California raise questions about the role of Islam. Does the Islamic extremism espoused by ISIL and other jihadist groups distort the faith of more than a billion people?, In the year 2015, we see racial divides exploding into violence, a war of words infusing the presidential race, and millions of Americans gaining rights never seen before with., The airline says some passengers will require hospitalization but could not confirm how many people will be sent to nearby hospitals.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, For over five months, Southeast Turkey has been the scene of violent clashes between Turkish armed forces and Kurdistan Worker’s Party “PKK” terrorists. Civilians in the area are dealing with government imposed curfews as talks of peace seem out of reach., People in the Central African Republic are going to the polls on Wednesday. It is finally a chance for the ordinary people of Central African Republic to re-establish their country's reputation for stability and democracy., Bill Cosby has been arraigned on a sex assault charge in Pennsylvania and will remain free on $1 million bail pending trial.  
READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/12/30/bill-cosby-charged-with-drugging-sexually-assaulting-a-woman, Lions and tigers and (panda)bears, oh my! Check out our top 10 stories about animals this year., The case sets the stage for perhaps the biggest Hollywood celebrity trial of the mobile-all-the-time era and could send the 78-year-old Cosby to prison in the twilight of his life and barrier-breaking career., The China's consulate general in New York holds a New Year’s reception in Boston. Zhang Qiyue, China’s consul general, said that 2015 was a big year for US-China relations. President Xi Jinping visited the United States in September and made a number of agreements with President Obama in business, military, and cyber security issues. They launched a “One Million Strong” initiative, which offers 1 million American students opportunities to study Mandarin by 2020., The prosecutor’s office said the men had staked out possible locations in Ankara, where they could carry out the attacks., null, Hotline between Chinese mainland and Taiwan opened, China’s State Council on Wednesday released a report on the investigation into the Eastern Star ship tragedy that had resulted in the death of 442 people in June.
The six month investigation concluded that the incident was “an extraordinarily serious disaster” caused by strong winds and heavy rains resulting from a squall line accompanied by a downburst, a very rare weather phenomenon.
However, it added that the shipping company and local authorities were also flawed in terms of their daily management and supervision work., 150,000 displaced by flooding in South America	http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=106522, CCTV America's Mike Walter spoke with Zhang Ye of the Naval Research Institute of the People's Liberation Army in China., Former Korean sex slaves from World War II have criticized the agreement reached by Tokyo and Seoul on making amends., The year 2015 has been a year of success and challenges for the African continent. Many nations have managed to keep their economic growth rates higher despite the impact of the Ebola virus and price drop of oil., The number of those competing in fantasy sports for cash is booming. It has turned into a multi-billion dollar industry, but some may not be playing by the rules., From Barcelona to Prague, China is going big on football. It has been buying into, and in some cases buying outright, clubs all over Europe throughout 2015., #DPRK, China's One Road initiative was first proposed by President Xi Jinping in 2013., 2015 was the year football's governing body fell apart., E-commerce between Brazil and China has already taken off, and with growing numbers of online shoppers, Brazil is expected to become one of the largest markets in the world online., Billions were spent over the holiday shopping season on a plethora of different gadgets and devices., China’s National Meteorological Center issued a yellow alert for air pollution Tuesday morning, warning a new round of heavy smog will hit north of the country, including Beijing, Tianjin, and the neighboring province of Hebei., B.B. King, Yao Beina, Mr. Spock, Yogi Berra – a look back at just some of those we lost in 2015., The attacks under preparation “were the same style as those perpetrated in Paris Nov. 13,” in which 130 people were killed and hundreds injured., The 10 leaders were killed mainly by drone strikes in Iraq and Syria, according to the U.S. Pentagon. Most appeared to be mid-level leaders., 2015: Year in Review 
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/big-stories-in-the-us-in-2015, 2015 was a year of hectic diplomacy for Chinese President #XiJinping. Apart from the multiple visits by foreign leaders to China, the president traveled to 14 countries across 4 continents and attended 9 international meetings over a period of 42 days in the year., null, VIDEO: Amazing video shows a young man catching a woman falling from a building's 11th floor with his bare hands on Wednesday in Enshi City in central China's Hubei Province.   READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=106339, The Atlantic Council released a report singling out Mexico, Argentina, Brazil, Venezuela and Cuba as the most representative of China's relationship with Latin America., Mexican berry growers are taking advantage of new trade protocols signed recently, and China is part of the deal., 2015 hasn't been easy for Russia's economy. It shrank four percent in November compared to last year., The European Union has started deploying staff and equipment to Greece to help it cope with the migrant crisis there., null, Thailand is expecting to host more than 8 million Chinese tourists in 2016., It's the first direct link to the Caribbean from anywhere in Asia. Senior Cuban government officials greeted the first direct flight from China to Cuba when it landed in Havana., "We need to remove at least 4 meters of mud every day before we get close to the buried buildings,” said Yu Wen, who was leading a search-and rescue team., Twenty-nine people were working underground when the mine collapsed at 7:56 p.m. local time Friday. By Saturday evening, 11 were rescued, one had died, and 17 remained trapped., "Today’s success is a proud moment for Iraq.” – Col. Steve Warren, a U.S. military spokesman in Baghdad., Here are 10 of the most compelling images from China in 2015. http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/12/28/cctv-news-top-10-images-from-china-in-2015, It wasn’t immediately clear if Abe would be issuing a separate written statement or if it would be directly delivered to the 46 surviving former Korean sex slaves, now in their 80s and 90s., In Beijing, people don't  leave home without their mask. With less than 2 percent of China's population, Beijing residents bought over 16 percent of the nation's masks last year., null, null, Celebrations erupt across Iraq, as troops claim the liberation of Ramadi. Iraqi forces say they control Ramadi's government complex - as they re-conquer the city they lost to ISIL in May.
Ramadi is the heart of the Sunni opposition to the Shiite-led government, and has long been a stronghold of insurgents.
Recapturing the city is a significant victory in the fight against ISIL., Chinese families will be allowed to have two children after lawmakers passed a historic decision Sunday.
The newly revised law will come into effect on Jan. 1, 2016., Year in Review: The big stories CCTV America covered in 2015, "Star Wars: The Force Awakens” has reached $1 billion at the box office, reaching the milestone with record-setting hyper speed., Learn more about the unique instruments help create the distinctive sound of Chinese music. 

The #pipa is a four-stringed Chinese musical instrument, belonging to the plucked category of instruments. Sometimes called the Chinese lute, the instrument has a pear-shaped wooden body with a varying number of frets ranging from 12 to 26. The pipa is one of the most popular Chinese instruments and has been played for almost 2,000 years in China.
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/12/23/the-unique-sound-and-history-of-three-chinese-musical-, Turkey has experienced the worst cyber attack, which intensified over Christmas, reportedly resulting in the temporary disruption of credit card transactions.
Though it’s difficult to calculate the ultimate damage, thousands have been affected as the nation steps up precautions., 2015 was a year football’s world governing body would soon like to forget. FIFA became the center of a corruption scandal that led to the indictments of 27 officials, including 8 former FIFA executive committee members. 
The year also saw FIFA President Sepp Blatter and vice-President Michel Platini banned from football for 8 years., Israel’s defense minister has condemned an organization critical of the army and directed the military to exclude it from any activities. Moshe Yaalon says he has forbidden Breaking the Silence from conducting any activities with the Israeli military because the group “is part of the attempts to delegitimize us.”, India’s Modi arrives in Pakistan on first visit as premier, Xi Jinping’s first Weibo post goes viral, Eating at midnight may be bad for your brain

The researchers tested the theory on a group of mice and found that the ones which were fed at their normal sleeping time were less able to recall receiving a shock. Their long-term memory was also affected, according to the findings published in the journal eLife., Happy Holidays! Learn more about the unique instruments help create the distinctive sound of Chinese music. 
The #xiao is a Chinese vertical end-blown flute. It is generally made of bamboo. The xiāo is an ancient Chinese instrument usually thought to have developed from a simple end-blown flute used by the Qiang people of Southwest China in ancient period.
Learn more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/12/23/the-unique-sound-and-history-of-three-chinese-musical-instruments, What is #BoxingDay and how did it get its name?, BREAKING: authorities and experts in the U.S. are currently following a sizable tornado that has touched down in the U.S. state of #Alabama on #Christmas Day., A mine collapse in #China traps 19. 
Find out what common product you probably use everyday, which contains the materials being extracted from the Earth at this mine., Hear some compelling accounts from witnesses and the injured who were at the scene of the deadly gas tanker explosion in Nnewi, Nigeria., null, A gas tanker truck ignited an inferno at a crowded industrial gas plant in Nigeria on Thursday, killing more than 100 people lining up to refill their cooking gas cylinders in time for Christmas., Europe's economic recovery remained under threat in 2015, with Greece receiving yet another bailout and the European Central Bank launching its first ever quantitative easing program to reduce the risk of deflation and recession., Tian Zeming is the only survivor, so far, who’s been pulled out of the Shenzhen rubble in China near Hong Kong after a massive landslide hit an industrial area there days ago., He was the second person to walk on the moon. Since then, Buzz Aldrin has continued to live large., An explosion at an industrial gas plant in southern Nigeria has left scores dead., If you walk on the streets of Beijing, you’ll see young, confident female professionals making up a major portion of the work force., Thousands of refugees trying to reach Europe will spend their Christmas holiday away from their communities., Christmas celebrations are under way in Bethlehem, but tourism dollars are down because of political tensions and ongoing Israeli-Palestinian violence., The pundits are predicting a winner!, The most stars wins the gingerbread house competition., All 6 entries in the gingerbread contest. Which will win?, Tough competition for best gingerbread house here at CCTV America., VIDEO: Rare December thunder storms spawned more than a dozen tornados reported in Mississippi alone. The spring-like storms mixed with unseasonably warm weather made the perfect recipe for destruction. 

Read more:http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=105506
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, The U.S. Embassy in Beijing on Thursday issued a warning on its website for possible threats against westerners in the popular entertainment and shopping district of Sanlitun area around Christmas Day., Merry Christmas!, In Afghanistan, government forces and British advisors are arriving on the front lines in Helmand Province, as the Taliban pin down security forces., CCTV America's Michelle Makori spoke with auto industry analyst Lauren Fix about China's competitive future in the industry, Horrific accounts of forced labor are coming out of Thailand, with thousands basically working as slaves. While governments around the world have urged Thailand to address human rights concerns, it's easier said than done., U.S. retailer Toys 'R' Us has a flagship, or showcase, store in Times Square in New York City. That location is now shutting down., The U.S. Central Bank, the Federal Reserve, just raised its key interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade. U.S. Federal Reserve Chief Janet Yellen ended an unprecedented era of cheap money and zero interest rates., The wave of ongoing Israeli-Palestinian violence has fueled fear and distrust, but one restaurant owner in central Israel is doing his part to promote peace, one serving at a time., Information and access: These are two of the benefits of the rise of social media. Information is just an internet search away and access to the internet and social media is available in even the most remote parts of the world., Three members of the Chinese National Orchestra tell us why their musical instruments are unique., Adorable alert! Watch giant panda cub Bei Bei try to convince his mom it's better to play than go to bed. 

Flickr user mibewitched captured a series of shots from one of the cams close to midnight on Dec. 20. We strung them together and added some music for a stop-motion style view of panda cub life.

Bei Bei is seen playing in a nest when Mei comes along for a snuggle before bed. But while mom is interested in sleep, Bei Bei doesn't appear to have the same priorities., The survivor who was pulled out of debris early Wednesday morning, 67 hours after a landslide hit south China’s Shenzhen City, has been in stable condition after surgery, doctors said.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Burundi is set for a showdown between its government and the African Union. The AU wants to send a 5,000-strong peacekeeping force to help quell spiraling violence there., Holidays are almost here, and that means different traditions in different parts of the world., Tired of your clothes wearing out? How about a sweatshirt guaranteed to last for 30 years?, It's the album that rocked the year in more ways than one. From sales to digital strategy, British singer Adele is taking center stage in the music industry., U.S. private spacecraft company SpaceX has successfully launched and landed a vertical rocket from Earth. It's a notable accomplishment in the private space-race., The news has been awash with headlines about mass shootings and terrorist attacks, and staying safe in public could be a reason for one purchasing trend., Wearable tech has changed the way we exercise, monitor our health and get information. The tech industry has found a use for it in just about every part of our lives., Thousands of people are richer across Spain now thanks to Tuesday's wildly popular El Gordo lottery drawing., The price of ivory in China has fallen sharply in the past 18 months, this as China takes a bigger role in supporting wildlife conservation., It rarely snows in Mexico City, but that doesn't stop residents from dreaming about a White Christmas., Google Earth satellite images show how the Shenzhen landfill has grown since August of 2002., Russia’s Defence Ministry publicly opened the recorder last week, hoping its contents would confirm Moscow’s assertions that the bomber did not stray into Turkish air space and was maliciously downed., “We felt disheartened when doctors claimed him dead,” Yao Yingzheng, a firefighter who helped pull out the first victim, said. “But as long as there are vital signs, we will try our best.”, null, Top Chinese leaders have wrapped up a major economic conference in Beijing. The annual meeting reviews China's performance over the past year and maps out a future strategy., It's a busy time of year for the U.S. Postal Service. Packages during the holiday season in the United States have a greater need overall to make it to their destinations on time., The drop in oil prices has hurt Mexico's ability to pay government contractors., There is talk that Brazil's crumbling infrastructure won't be able to handle an economic turn around, if and when it happens there., The U.S. Congress has finally approved some long-awaited reforms for the International Monetary Fund. This should give emerging markets a greater say when it comes to the IMF., Australia is marking the one-year anniversary since the Sydney siege. The attack claimed the lives of three people, including the Iranian-born gunman., Not on our thrill-seeking bucket list. VIDEO: A man jumped off a chairlift passing above a tiger enclosure at a zoo in central China's Henan Province on Saturday., Check out what archaeologists found inside this 2,000-year-old Chinese coffin., Here's what the year in Google searches says about Americans., Traditionally considered as the place of enlightenment of Samantabhadra, Mount Emei is regarded as one of China's four sacred Buddhist mountains.  
Meteorological records shows the summit of the mountain is covered by white snow and clouds for more than 200 days in a year.  Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=104678

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Drone footage of aftermath of Shenzhen landslide in China. More coverage at www.cctv-america.com, null, Despite the cold winter, workers are still striving to construct the glass bridge along the Zhangjiajie Grand Canyon, which is set to be the world’s longest and highest glass bridge., The landslide on Sunday in Shenzhen City, south China's Guangdong Province, was captured by a witness on mobile phone video.  The landslide in an industrial park of the city buried 33 buildings and caused 91 people missing as of Monday morning, according to the authorities., And the real winner is...Miss Philippines! After Miss Colombia was crowned as Miss Universe, the host realized he made a mistake. Steve Harvey then announced to the audience he had not read the card correctly. It was a confusing few minutes for everyone and the crown was removed from Colombia contestant Ariadna Gutierrez Arevalo., null, null, null, null, null, #Spain votes during a very new time in politics for the country. Take a look at CCTV America's coverage out of Madrid and New York., See dramatic video of a building collapse after a landslide hit Shenzhen, China near Hong Kong., Tensions between the two countries spiked in August after unknown gunmen shot and wounded three Venezuelan Border Police. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro responded by closing down this border and deporting 1,000 Colombians. The drastic measure, he said, was necessary to put an end to smuggling and crime in the region., In addition to acting, Justin Baldoni is also a prolific director and owner of Wayfarer Entertainment, a digital production company dedicated to “celebrating and elevating the human spirit” through socially-conscious media.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Andrew Morgan's documentary, The True Cost, has been sweeping both film festivals and the fashion media around the world…looking at both the human and environmental cost of fast fashion.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Bryn Mooser talked with Mike Walter in our Los Angeles studio to share his experience in Liberia and about his willingness to tell stories from places where other people don’t venture.

Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, The Chinese National Orchestra wants to make sure the ancient songs, and the traditional instruments that have survived thousands of years can stay relevant in an age of the internet, cell phones and video games.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, CCTV's Youssef Gaigi reports from Tunisia where people are commemorating the fifth anniversary of the Arab Spring and to remember the demands of the revolution: freedom, jobs, and dignity.  But for many, things have not changed., Tonight on Full Frame at 6pm EST, we take a look at some of this year’s most buzz-generating, award-winning documentary films and the people who inspired the stories behind them.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, It's the most hotly contested election in Spain in 40 years., That could have ended badly. Yuanzai unexpectedly seized the needle with her teeth on Thursday when it was already in her left forearm. Caretakers tried to take the needle out of her mouth but failed. Luckily the needle passed through without damage. If you know what we mean. Click for video., The snow sculptor. Liu Qing, a retired teacher renowned for his proficiency, is now known for his snow sculptures in Luomahu Park in the city of Jilin., At least three people were killed by a car bomb on Saturday on a busy street in the Somali capital Mogadishu., Fleeing home to escape war is a tragedy that has been happening for far too long. When the Korean war ended in 1953, more than 75 prisoners of war left the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. They decided not to return home to North Korea, but rather to start a new life in Latin America., This year on International Migrants day, the International organization for Migration is calling on the global community to remember those who have disappeared on journeys, trying to find a better life., The aftermath of Syria’s civil war has been compared to the that of one that tore Spain apart in the late 1930’s. The exodus of people fleeing political persecution under the regime of General Francisco Franco., Shanghai-based, Silicon Valley Venture Capitalist Jenny Lee spoke to CCTV America's Mark Niu on what catches her attention about entrepreneurs., At his end of the year news conference, U.S. President Barack Obama took a victory lap of sorts, claiming credit for the U.S. economic recovery. Questions from journalists, though, focused on his handling of the Syrian civil war and the rise of ISIL., It began with "A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away." Now 38 years after "Star Wars" first hit the big screen, there is an (almost) literal galaxy of branded merchandise., Hunting, fishing and outdoor recreation is big business in the United States. Now one startup is hoping to cash in., Argentina is among the Latin American countries which have received a large amount of Chinese investment and trade in recent years, but the country’s new government may be looking to change this relationship., Prices for existing homes in China rose in more cities. Analysts say the mild economic recovery is likely to continue in 2016., Venezuelans are still coming to terms with an upset in Parliamentary elections earlier this month, in which the ruling socialists were defeated by an opposition coalition. Few feel more strongly than Venezuela’s very own version of the Argentine revolutionary, Ernesto ‘Che’ Guevara., It's a crucial step in trying to end the nearly five-year Syrian conflict. World powers agreed on the text of a key U.N. resolution., The world is experiencing historic levels of mass migration. There are now more refugees and displaced people than at any time since World War II., This week on “Americas Now” meet The Medicine Man of Margarita Island, Jonas Chitty. Jonas has been practicing alternative medicine on the island in Venezuela for years. Now with the country experiencing shortages of food, goods and medicine, many citizens are leaving the long lines at the pharmacy and turning to Jonas for treatment. In addition to using plants from the island to help heal illness, Jonas is a big proponent of diet and nutrition. Jonas Chitty is this week’s Game Changer. Check him out this Sunday at 6 pm on “Americas Now.”, The FARC are Colombia’s longest-operating guerrilla group. Since the 1960’s, they have been fighting government forces and carrying out public attacks in Latin America’s longest conflict. Now they want peace. Correspondent Toby Muse travels deep inside the Colombian jungle and is granted rare access to a camp for the FARC.  He shows us what life is like for the rebel group on a day-to-day basis. He also interviews FARC members who say they want to lay down their arms and transform into a political movement. “A Day In The Life Of The FARC.” This Sunday at 6 pm on “Americas Now.”, "Every year, thousands of men, women and children fall into the hands of traffickers, in their own countries and abroad. Almost every country in the world is affected by trafficking, whether as a country of origin, transit or destination for victims." - The UNODC - United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, Were you one of the first to see Star Wars last night?! (A few in our office did.) If you did, or plan to see it, box office sales could bring in $2.3 billion over the next year., Apple Inc.and UnionPay said they plan to roll out the system in early 2016, pending approval by regulators. China’s biggest shopping season comes ahead of the Lunar New Year holiday, which begins Feb. 8., “I should study harder now or I’ll have to be embarrassed by a dog,“ commented by weibo user., Carter’s visit comes as his top commander there voiced concerns that foreign fighters from Syria and Iraq are joining with Afghans who have declared loyalty to IS in the east, near the Pakistan border., There were over 366 million mobile game players in China at the end of the first half of 2015.
It is predicted that China’s mobile games market will overtake the United States market by the end of this year., Movie tickets aren't the only way to bring in cash for blockbuster movies. Sales of Star Wars-themed merchandise began months ago and are contributing to mounting revenue for the film., The second World Internet Conference is underway in China. World leaders, industry players and academics are discussing the changes and opportunities brought about by the development of the web., Unemployment in Brazil dropped slightly in November, offering a brief respite to a steep rise seen over the past year., Colombia’s biggest guerilla army has been fighting Colombia’s government forces for more than half a century., The Visa Waiver Program in the U.S. that allows visitors from 38 countries to enter the United States is under scrutiny in Washington. U.S. Lawmakers are moving to tighten the program and impose new restrictions., China is not the only country that has tried to unlock the mysteries of dark matter., The United States plans to send boatloads of arms to Taiwan, despite Beijing's disapproval. Now Beijing is threatening sanctions against some American arms manufacturers., The globe seems to be concerned about how the U.S. Federal Reserve’s interest rate hike will affect the U.S. high-tech industry. It’s an industry that has been flying high on record IPOs and record stock market gains., Argentina's president Mauricio Macri is shaking things up after just one week in office. His government lifted Kirchner era currency controls in Argentina that date back four years., Russia and Turkey continue to trade accusations that the other is facilitating an oil trade with ISIL. The two world powers have been locked in a war of words since Turkey downed a Russian fighter jet in November that it said it warned after it crossed into its airspace from Syria., Driving will be restricted in #Beijing  #China from Saturday until Tuesday, with schools being asked to let students study at home. This is the second red alert for smog issued there in recent weeks., Russian President Vladimir Putin reiterated his anger at Turkey for downing its fighter jet last month during his annual press conference. He said there were no prospects for a revival of the Russian-Turkish relationship and made it clear that Moscow is set on punishing Ankara., We’ve been warned about the dangers of high cholesterol and E. coli from eating meat and chicken, but less known is the danger posed to the environment., If the youngest giant panda cub at the National Zoo is stressed out about appearing in front of crowds for the first time, he isn't showing it., Scientists hope the 1.9-ton desk-sized satellite will help lift the “invisible cloak” on dark matter., You might be used to the conventional image of #Santa Claus as a portly and jolly man, but this Santa from Changchun city in northern China was anything but that., The deal opens the way for U.S. airlines to negotiate with Cuba’s government for routes that could bring thousands more visitors a day to the island., Christine Lagarde's lawyer calls the order for her to stand trial over a $434M arbitration ruling in 2008 "incomprehensible.”, Since the recent terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, the Muslim community in the United States has become ever more worried about a growing backlash and threats against Muslims., There has been some red hot rhetoric on the presidential campaign trail in the United States lately. Some believe immigration in the U.S. needs to be vastly changed. One candidate Donald Trump even wants a temporary ban on all Muslims traveling to the United States, but amid all this, one fact has gone largely unnoticed., Puerto Rico's debt crisis has taken a turn for the worse, but financial help may be on its way., Wuzhen is the host city of this year's World Internet Conference. It's a picturesque riverside tourist destination, located not far from the headquarters of Chinese Internet giant Alibaba., For all their political differences, the U.S. and Cuba have always shared a passion for baseball. For only the second time since the Cuban revolution, U.S. Major League Baseball players and officials are in Cuba. And that includes Cuban players who had once defected to the United States., The American steel industry is suffering with one steel mill in the U.S. announcing that nearly 2,000 workers will have to be laid off, or made redundant, right after the U.S. holiday season., For nine years finance ministers, stock markets and anyone who uses a credit card have wondered when the U.S. Federal Reserve would raise interest rates., Concrete is the basis of many modern structures and engineers are always to trying to improve its durability and longevity. In Ecuador, scientists have invented a concrete which heals itself., Much of Mexico's manufacturing strength comes from its auto industry, and with a strong dollar expected to lose some of its punch, economists are hoping to add to the industry's hard hit exports sector., A foundation called Festival Art in Bogota, Colombia is offering 35 children from underprivileged neighborhoods an opportunity to become professional ballet dancers., Russia's Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev is set to meet with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang. They're expected to sign several bilateral agreements to discuss Russia's pivot to Asia, and what may be influencing it., 2015 has been a busy year for Chinese President Xi Jinping. Handshakes sealed multi-billion dollar deals, but what are the highlights that reflect a change in China’s foreign policy? And what are the reasons behind the shift?, The Chinese mainland’s Taiwan affairs office on Wednesday reiterated that it opposed a #arms deal between the United States and Taiwan.
Why China and the US disagree about arms sales to Taiwan? This video explains. #Taiwan 
Read More: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=103523, Saudi Arabia says it is leading a new coalition to fight ISIL and other terrorist groups. 34 nations have agreed to be a part of the new alliance., On Tuesday, negotiators from the government and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) have agreed on a reparations deal for victims. It's the most significant issue to be overcome during the 3-year long peace process., Among those spewing anti-Muslim rhetoric, is a leading U.S. Presidential candidate., The second largest school district in the U.S., in Los Angeles, shut down every single school due to what officials call a "credible threat". Hundreds of thousands of students were affected by the shutdown, and it's still unclear who made the threat., CCTV America's Mike Walter spoke to Jia Xiudong, senior research fellow of China's Institute of International Studies., The U.S. Federal Reserve is widely expected to raise interest rates for the first time in nine years on Wednesday and given the global ramifications, Europe, like the rest of the world, is watching closely., China's e-commerce giant, Alibaba Group, is expanding its reach into media., China's renminbi (RMB) weakened for an eighth day Tuesday, its longest losing streak since June., The debate over gun rights has long been a polarizing topic in the United States, and it seems to be getting even hotter., Virtual reality may have seemed like a fad just few years ago, but not anymore it seems., Civil asset forfeiture is a legal tool that gives U.S. law enforcement the power to seize property and money suspected of being related to a crime, but the practice is controversial., Video: China is set to launch its first dark matter exploration satellite on Thursday. The satellite is designed to detect electrons and photons with unprecedented energy resolution in order to identify possible dark matter signatures. 
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=102093, Stunning aerial photos have revealed the beauty of the icy scenery in northwest China’s Qingling mountains in Shaanxi Province, as the area was covered in snow on Sunday., A capsule carrying British astronaut Major #TimPeake has successfully docked with the International Space Station. Peake, 43, was aboard a Russian Soyuz FG rocket earlier which took off from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan and becomes the first 100 percent British professional astronaut to leave the Earth. #UKSpace 
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=103313
(Video: NASA), VIDEO: Amazing night sky lights up from Geminid meteor shower in northern China., European Union Foreign ministers are in Brussels to discuss the latest developments in Libya., The U.S. Defense chief is heading to the Middle East, looking for more military cooperation in the fight against ISIL., Going to see the movie? (You know you are.) Buying the videogame? Figurine? Pyjamas? Maybe the new makeup line? All this and more is how "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" could bring in close to a whopping $10 billion over the next year., Coral bleaching has so far spared Australia's Great Barrier Reef., BREAKING: All public schools in the Los Angeles, CA area have been ordered closed due to a threat, sending some 640,000 students home for at least the day., Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev is representing Russia at the SCO meeting., Is has been a wild ride for the oil business and most of it bad, especially when it comes to prices., The XPRIZE is a contest designed to solve some of the world's most difficult problems., A growing number of people and companies have been noticing that home-office schemes can be good for both sides., Beijing may be importing dairy products, but when it comes to manufacturing, China is the world's hub., Australia is dealing with a milk powder boom. The country's dairy industry is struggling to keep up with the booming demand, and China's growing market might be to blame., Every Chinese citizen should have a hukou, or residence registration account, which determines their access to education and other social welfare services., Warmer temperatures have opened up frozen portions of the Arctic and giving energy giants another area to explore.
But mapping those waters is a dangerous job. The elusive northwest passage connecting the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans is also opening up but that could lead to a real disaster., On Tuesday, new traffic regulations take effect for Mexico City. The goal is to improve safety in and lower traffic accidents one of the world's most congested cities., The President of Costa Rica, Luis Guillermo Solis, has flown to Cuba looking to expand economic ties between the two nations., VIDEO: Three year-old Rouse is like any other dog. This Belgian Malinois wants to play fetch, and loves attention and affection. But she also jumps out of planes with the Colombian Air Force. 

See more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/12/14/colombias-special-forces-dogs-are-also-skydivers#ixzz3uLq2DTmr
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, U.S. President Barack Obama has thanked President Xi Jinping for China's role in helping secure Saturday's landmark Climate Agreement., China is calling for more international collaboration on maritime security in the Asia-Pacific region., Colombia's Special Forces dogs not only sniff out bombs and drugs, they skydive out of planes. Watch Michelle Begue's report 8pm EST www.cctvamericalive.com, As many as 10 million people are now believed to be living under the control of the Islamic State., #Wuzhen, a historic water town in Zhejiang province has become the permanent venue of the World Internet Conference (#WIC) since 2014. It is said to be China’s "last river town" and has a 1300-year history. #WIC2015, Obama addresses terrorism concerns: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=102926, Obama is also hoping to draw a contrast with Donald Trump and his inflammatory remarks about Muslims, which Obama’s administration has warned emboldens extremists looking to pull the U.S. into a war with Islam., Are they IS or Daesh? 伊斯兰国 or 达伊沙?, Venezuela’s President Nicolas Maduro is raising concerns about last week’s legislative elections, and thousands across Brazil are demanding the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff.
We spoke with Andrea Murta to get some perspective. ., Venezuela has one of the largest armies in Latin America, and the president just announced some reforms., For more on the massacre, CCTV America spoke with Victor Gao. He’s a current affairs commentator and joined us from Beijing., Diplomats warn the bickering between Libya's rival factions may lead to a power vacuum that could be filled by the Islamic State group., U.N. climate talks reached a milestone Saturday when more than 190 countries adopted the first accord asking all countries to join the fight against global warming. Here are some of the key elements of the deal., The national flag was lowered to half-staff, and a silent tribute was recognized for one minute. Soldiers laid wreaths in front of the main memorial as solemn music played., Tensions between Moscow and Ankara have been heightened since a Turkey downed a Russian warplane along the Syrian border last month, and this could further strain relations., China committed to peak its emissions by 2030, and to lower its emissions per unit of GDP by 60 to 65 percent. That means there will be a huge demand for renewable energy in the country going forward., The 25-year-old religious leader is one of the highest ranking Lamas in the most influential sect of Buddhism., They are young volunteer doctors on a mission to ensure school-going children are fit and healthy - not an easy task in a country where access to basic health care is a major challenge., A look at how the investigation on the Paris attacks is coming., Watch this kid skip his way to a world record:
Cen Xiaolin, a Chinese primary school student has set two world records at an international rope skipping contest in Dubai. He skipped 108 skips in 30 seconds, and 548 skips in 3 minutes. The jumps were so fast, the judges couldn't count them manually and  had to re-watch the video in slo mo., A recent study in the journal Science concludes that sharp ocean temperature increases in the Gulf of Maine have suppressed the ability of cod to reproduce., Full Frame examines technology and interviews Nader Khalili, creator of the  Superadobe a system that builds structures using sandbags, barbed wire and earth:, Full Frame examines technology and interviews Linkedin co-founder Allen Blue about reinventing social networking:, Full Frame examines technology and interviews Ting Shih, founder of ClickMedix, about getting health care on an app:, Full Frame examines technology and interviews Martin Cooper, the father of the cell phone:, Alibaba made the announcement through a press release in Hong Kong, saying that it has made an agreement to acquire the newspaper and other media assets of the Hong Kong-listed SCMP Group., For more on the climate accord just signed in Paris, CCTV's Susan Roberts interviewed Paul Bledsoe, president of strategic public policy firm Bledsoe & Associates and a former Clinton White House advisor., The environmental group Friends of the Earth held a demonstration in front of the White House after the climate accord was signed to highlight what more needs to be done., Obama on the Paris climate change accord: 

"I imagine taking my grandkids... to the park someday and holding their hands and hearing their laughter and watching a quiet sunset, all the while knowing that our work today prevented an alternate future that could have been grim. That our work here and now gave future generations cleaner air and cleaner water and a more sustainable planet... That's the world that we'll leave to our children, a world that is safer, and more secure, more prosperous, and more free. And that is the most important mission on our short time on this earth.", Birdwatchers have gathered here from around the world, many of them from China, where the biggest Asian bird festival to be held next year. Despite its name there are no real birds on display. Organizers say this isn't a bird show. Participants were taken instead to bird habitats nearby - to wetlands and ponds., Coming up at 5:30 p.m. -- U.S. President Barack Obama delivers a statement on climate change accord just signed in Paris: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFCnajf2VQk, In China, citizens live under a residence registration system called the hukou. This officially identifies a person as a resident of an area, but hundreds of millions of Chinese who work and live outside their registration area are deprived of equal access to education and other social welfare programs. The new policy in Beijing could be a game changer., The drone industry is forecasted to reach about $10 billion by 2025., CCTV America’s Susan Roberts interviewed Helen Zia, an expert on the Nanjing massacre, and award-winning author about the impact of the museum and how the massacre is viewed today around the world. Helen Zia, The museum opened this month and was built atop the former site of a "comfort station" or military brothel. More than 200,000 Chinese women were forced into sexual slavery in World War II., If the pact is approved, nations would be committed to keeping the rise in global temperatures by the year 2100 compared with pre-industrial times “well below” 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 degrees Fahrenheit) and “endeavor to limit” them even more, to 1.5 degrees Celsius.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Climate change is altering more than the landscape in the arctic it's bringing new jobs and progress to an area steeped in tradition, and a culture characterized by hunting and trapping., Some call it the "holy grail of shipwrecks". The San Jose Galleon that sank off the coast of Colombia 300 years ago, has been found., Hair extensions are a huge market. A hair weave can cost from hundreds to thousands of dollars and the total market is estimated to be in the hundreds of millions, and potentially billions., The auto market in China is slowing. CCTV America's Karina Huber interviewed car expert Lauren Fix, The Car Coach, for more., Leaders from 150 nations, along with 40 thousand delegates from 195 countries are “extremely close to the finish line” on a global climate change agreement. That according to French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius., Negotiators at the Paris climate change conference have extended the negotiations by one more day., Beijing’s 21 million residents have just suffered through the first-ever “code red” pollution warning. And with winter only beginning, there may be more to come. Here is an explanation of why the capital city’s air pollution is cyclical. And why it’s made worse by factors other than emissions. #Beijing #Smog
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=102061, 163 Syrian refugees arrived in Canada recently to a warm welcome from newly elected Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, as they touched down in Toronto., The U.S. and Cuba gave no date for the permanent re-establishment of mail service but indicated that it would not be imminent, saying that technical, operational, and safety aspects remained under discussion., One of China’s top entrepreneurs, Guo Guangchang, is assisting Chinese authorities with an investigation, his company said on Friday., Obama said that he was very glad to have a successful meeting with Xi in Paris not long ago., 22 artifacts, some more than four thousand years old, are headed back home to China. They were recently seized in federal investigations that spread across three U.S. states involving Immigration and Customs Enforcement., President Xi Jinping will attend the upcoming 2nd World Internet Conference in Zhejiang's Wuzhen, scheduled to be held between Dec. 16-18. Xi is expected to deliver a keynote speech at the opening ceremony of the conference. #WIC #WIC2015 #XiJinping, The Volkswagen scandal began in the U.S. where it has done much of the damage to the German car maker's sales, but the company is determined to make an impact in a market where it has barely any presence., Researchers in the U.S. state of Colorado are hoping to learn more about dengue fever and its possible links to climate change., Doug White is a philanthropy researcher and the author of "Abusing Donor Intent." He spoke to CCTV America's Karina Huber on what makes the rich want to give., For generations, it was unheard of drilling for offshore oil in extreme conditions in the Arctic., Two new oil deposits were found in Mexico. The discovery will increase the Latin American country's reserves by 40,000 barrels a day. Some say it will shield Mexico's oil from global price declines., For more on China's smog red alert, CCTV America's Mike Walter spoke to Jennifer Turner. She's the director of the China Environment Forum at Woodrow Wilson Center., Argentina's new President, Mauricio Macri, was sworn in today after winning 51% of the vote in last month's elections. Many South American heads of state were in Buenos Aires for the ceremony, as the center right government takes power and is likely to bring in many changes in the coming weeks and months., The European Union has agreed to pay Turkey three point two billion Euros for tighter border security. Turkey is already looking after two point one million Syrian refugees. This new agreement could see them taking on many more., China is now the world’s largest emitter of greenhouse gases, but China’s investment in clean energy has overtaken the U.S. and EU combined. Will the climate meetings in Paris make any difference?, Train tickets for the Spring Festival (Chinese New Year) became available on Nov. 25. The need to buy a ticket to spend the holidays with your family usually means they sell out in seconds., There is a growing demand in the United States for training on how to react to a workplace shooting. It follows last week's massacre in San Bernardino, California. Many are now signing-up for self-defense and survival courses in addition to firearms training courses., Fans are looking for plot clues in the trailers of 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens".  This trailer released in China shows a little more about the story line then we've seen in earlier previews., China’s YouYou Tu receives 2015 #NobelPrize for her work treating malaria.
"The discovery of Artemisinin has led to development of a new drug that has saved the lives of millions of people, halving the mortality rate of malaria during the past 15 years," said Professor Hans Forssberg, member of the Nobel Committee for Physiology or Medicine, when presenting Tu's scientific contributions.
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/10/05/who-is-nobel-prize-winner-tu-youyou, Baidu, China's biggest Internet search company, announced that its first fully self-driving #car has successfully completed tests under a variety of environmental conditions. 
The car, which is built in partnership with BMW, drove from and to its headquarter in north Beijing's Haidian District in a loop that passed through the 5th Ring Road Highway. 
It successfully made turns, changed lanes and decelerated when needed, and the highest speed of the test car reached 100 kph, or 62mph.
(Photo: Baidu), Chinese Nobel laureate Tu YouYou receives #NobelPrize for her work treating malaria on Thursday in Stockholm, Sweden., China will launch its first dark matter probe by the end of 2015. The satellite is designed to detect electrons and photons with unprecedented energy resolution in order to identify possible dark matter signatures., null, Morning puppy cuteness.  A surrogate hound and gave birth to seven half-pound puppies on July 10 are a mix of beagle, Labrador and cocker spaniel and are now healthy five-month-olds., At issue for Washington this week is the idea that if ISIL isn't defeated in its territory, it could risk more widespread terror plots in the United States., Terror attacks have killed hundreds of victims in major incidents this year alone. They’ve spread destruction in several countries including Kenya, Lebanon, Egypt, France and most recently the U.S., and a complex business network is sustaining terror groups like ISIL., An Afro-Brazilian organization in Rio de Janeiro has launched a campaign to shame racist trolls on social media., Despite issues the Mexican economy has seen two percent growth under the leadership of president Enrique Pen̄a Nieto. It has been better than most of Mexico's Latin American neighbors, and despite the fall of oil prices. Inflation has remained low in Mexico too., Jobs and recruiting marketplace company Glassdoor has unveiled its annual best places to work. In the report, the tech sector is proving to be a very happy place to be., The city of Chattanooga, in the southern U.S. state of Tennessee, was once so polluted it was called the dirtiest city in America. That title was the trigger for a dramatic turnaround., CCTV America’s Phillip TK Yin asked Barbara Finamore about the economic impact of China’s smog alert reactions.  She is a senior attorney and Asia Director at the Natural Resources Defense Council., The changing climate is posing challenges for indigenous peoples living north of the Arctic Circle but it's not changing some of their long-held traditions., The consumer price index (CPI) in China grew 1.5 percent year over year in November, which is an increase from October and slightly better than the 1.4 percent average for the year, according to China’s National Bureau of Statistics., The U.S.-Mexico border is one of the most monitored frontiers in the world, as well as being a political hot-button, but starting today, a unique legal crossing has opened at an airport on the border., With Argentina’s new president-elect taking office this week, the media has been focusing on the South American country’s future, but a new report has people looking to the past., For the first time in 16 years, Venezuela’s opposition defeats the Socialist ruling party in the legislative elections., While public schools in Beijing are closed due to the red alert over smog, some private schools are still open. That doesn't mean they don't care about their students' health. They have shown their concern by building air-bubble gyms with plastic domes. #Beijing #Smog, Currently there are 46 panda conservation centers in Sichuan, but there are some 1,800 pandas that are scattered in the wild, mostly in the provinces of Sichuan and Shaanxi., According to Alibaba’s, Chinese consumers mainly purchase in the areas of health, electronics, traditional Chinese cultural items, and individualized personal items., The five-meter-long fossil has been identified as Lufengosaurus Magnus. It has three sacral vertebras, 13 dorsal vertebras, 22 coccygeal vertebras, and complete hind legs., Time names Angela Merkel Person of the Year.
The other candidates for 2015 were Caitlyn Jenner, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, the Black Lives Matter protest movement, ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and Uber CEO Travis Kalanick.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, The draft text of the COP21 agreement released. Still a lot of details to work out, but you can read what has been done so far., Chinese President Xi Jinping will attend the upcoming 2nd World Internet Conference in East China Zhejiang's Wuzhen, scheduled to be held between Dec.16-18. Xi is expected to deliver a keynote speech at the opening ceremony of the conference. #WIC #WIC2015 #XiJinping, CCTV America's Shraysi Tandon spoke with Mark Cuban, a billionaire investor and businessman who is also a film producer, author, TV personality and the owner of the NBA's Dallas Mavericks. She started by asking Cuban to talk about the growth opportunities for startups in emerging economies., Since the mass shootings in San Bernadino, California, anti-muslim rhetoric in the United States has been back in the spotlight, but no comment has been more reviled than one from Republican presidential candidate and businessman, Donald Trump., In Paris, much of the talk at a highly regarded climate change summit is revolving around curbing greenhouse gas emissions and easing global dependence on oil and gas. Big oil giants are going to the harshest climates, at the farthest reaches of the earth, to find more energy., After 50 years of armed conflict, many say Colombian soldiers are “experts”， especially when it comes to fighting guerrilla wars. A growing number are getting paid to fight abroad as mercenaries in places like Yemen., New research shows that some of the most entrepreneurial countries in the world are actually developing nations, where creating and running your own business is often the primary means of survival., Chinese exports fell 1.8 percent in the first 3 quarters of this year, but overall, it was not as bad as some economists had expected. Some parts of China have been doing better than others., The use of mobile money services is booming in Latin America. A total of 37 mobile money services are now used in 19 Latin American countries. In Mexico, it is being increasingly used as an option for a country with security issues and mistrust with banks., The United Nations is voicing concern about anti-Muslim rhetoric in the U.S. presidential campaign. Officials at the U.N. Refugee Agency have warned that some comments could threaten the resettlement of Syrian refugees and other victims of war., Chinese President Xi Jinping promised 60 billion dollars in funding for Africa as China’s cooperation with African states continues to grow., After an exhaustive study, economist Jim O’Neill and a world team of scientists are warning of an antibiotic apocalypse., Our Livestream is now working again. You can watch us at www.cctvamericalive.com - thank you for your patience, and welcome back., It’s a conflict that has raged for more than 50 years and claimed as many as 220,000 lives, yet for all the progress that appears to have been made, it never seems to last. This time it could be different., Beijing has issued its highest warning alert for the severe smog currently choking the city. This is the highest alert ever, since the warning system was first established in 2013., If you ask most kids, they'll tell you they're big fans of snow days, and it appears #pandas would agree.

Two pandas made the most out of their snow day at a zoo in Northeast China's Jilin province. They are both from a panda breeding center in Southeast China's Sichuan province, and were transferred in July. Researchers plan to keep them there for another two years, to study issues related to panda breeding in cold regions. #PANDA #SNOW, A Chinese social media user on the Weibo platform has been posting iconic buildings in Beijing as they look with and without the intense smog that is happening now.
Photo courtesy: Weibo user: @飘在英伦
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=101580, Schools have been closed, outdoor construction halted and restrictions on driving are in place for the first #smog red alert ever issued in #Beijing. #Airpollution
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/12/08/n-china-sees-highest-air-quality-warning-as-frustration-with-government-grows, The Kenya-based conservation group, Save the Elephants, said the price of raw ivory in China is now nearly half of last year’s price of $2,100 per kilogram to $1,100 per kilogram. "The Chinese government’s strong statements have been a major driver in the drop in price,” said the organization., CCTV’s Toby Muse spent several days inside a FARC camp and got some rare Insight.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, The United Nations agencies for health, refugees and humanitarian assistance — known as WHO, UNHCR and OCHA — and their partner organizations want to help some 87 million people in 37 countries including Syria, Yemen, South Sudan and Iraq next year — the most vulnerable people among an estimated 125 million in need in total, officials said., Here’s a look at Sao Paulo’s Comic Con Experience which gives a feel for the industry’s potential, and shows how local businesses are trying to cash in., null, null, Queretaro was also recently named in The Financial Times as one of the best places to do business in the Americas. Nearly half of all foreign investment in Mexico comes from the aerospace sector which is based in the state., Yahoo’s board recently ended a three-day meeting that reportedly included discussions to sell its portfolio of online businesses. That core business is estimated to be worth around $3 billion. That’s less than 10 percent of its overall value. Most of Yahoo’s real worth is in its Alibaba stake, which it planned to sell in January., null, The Obama administration announced the new terror alert system “in the coming days,” Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Monday. Johnson said the new alert system will better inform the public about threats to the United States, but he did not provide specific details., Tu said her job is still unfinished, and hoped the award could give young scientists faith in their creations., Barred from crossing into Macedonia, frustrated Iranians protest on the border. Many are fleeing oppression from their homeland., It may appear as a snow-covered asphalt highway, but the road is actually the frozen Mackenzie River. Every year from December until April, it is the only way people can drive from the town of Inuvik to the town of Tuktoyaktuk, a little village known as the end of the road on the Arctic Ocean., Does Marissa Mayer still have support at Yahoo?  Despite recent emergency meetings at Yahoo discussing a possible breakup of core services, Constellation Research tech analyst Ray Wang, author of "Disrupting Digital Business" says CEO Marissa Mayer still has support.  Watch more about Yahoo tonight on Global Business at 7pm EST.  www.cctvamericalive.com, With many issues still be resolved, reaching a deal will not be easy. One of the biggest disputes is over how far the Paris pact should aim to limit global warming. Many poor and vulnerable nations want a more ambitious target than the current 2 degree Celsius goal., Tibet is currently temporary home to 7,000 to 8,000 black-necked cranes, around 70 percent of the world's total., Worldwide electric cars sales will hit a record 600,000 and the figure for the U.S. market will be around 180,000, said Xu Yanhua, deputy secretary-general of the China Association of Automobile Manufactures said., The victory is likely to fuel demands for President Nicolas Maduro to free jailed opponents and roll back socialist policies during what could be a period of intense political conflict in a deeply polarized country mired in economic crisis., China's first polar fixed-wing aircraft, the “Xueying”, or Snow Eagle in English, conducted the test Monday in #Antarctica., The walkway is 682 feet long and 4.9 feet wide., The court, though, left in place a lower court ruling that found that local governments have leeway in deciding how to regulate firearms. The federal appeals court in Chicago upheld the city of Highland Park's 2013 gun law that bans semi-automatic weapons and large-capacity magazines... The Supreme Court has repeatedly turned away challenges to gun restrictions since two landmark decisions that spelled out the right to a handgun to defend one's own home., Muhaydin Mire, who has been charged with attempted murder, also allegedly had images relating to the Nov. 13 gun and bomb rampage in Paris and a recent British police anti-terrorism training exercise.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, During a red alert for smog, kindergartens, primary and high schools are advised to suspend classes, outdoor operations of construction sites are banned and some industrial plants are required to limit or stop production., In case you missed it. Full video and text of President Obama's address to the nation on terrorism., Indigenous groups make up more than 10 percent of the population in Mexico, speaking some 60 different languages according to the United Nations.  Thirty-five years ago Dora decided to help educate these mostly under-served communities.
Meet our Game Changer. 

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Set in a tranquil spot and surrounded by beautiful scenery, these peaceful water canals are a perfect place for people to escape the bustling life of the city.
Many rides are accompanied by Mexico’s trademark music,mariachi.
Take a ride through these delightful waterways and get seduced by the romance of Mexico’s “Little Venice.”

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Forever 24! Using shovels as "brushes," college students of Beihua University in Jilin Province created a snow art of basketball star Kobe Bryant. This comes days after Bryant announced that he will retire after the current season., Nuclear warheads to create a deep water port in Alaska? Believe it or not, the U.S. government once considered this proposal from "the father of the hydrogen bomb." CCTV's Sean Callebs tells you what happened to "Project Chariot.", For this week’s Urban Voices segment on “Americas Now,” we travel to New York to introduce you to photographers Yvonne Venegas and her father Jose Luis Venegas. 

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Many animals were brought to Florida as pets and later, let loose. Now they’ve become a menace to other species and the environment. They include giant pythons, toxic toads and slimy snails. Watch John Zarrella get up close and personal with some of these invasive species whose presence in Florida is getting out of control.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, VIDEO: President Obama outlines strategy for fighting ISIL.  The president announced no significant shift in U.S. strategy and offered no new policy prescriptions for defeating the Islamic State, underscoring both his confidence in his current approach and the lack of easy options for countering the extremist group.  What do you think needs to be done to defeat terror threats?

COMPLETE VIDEO: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=101099, Correspondent Dan Collyns reports from Peru on the Mashco Piro clan and tells us what’s being done to improve their relationship with contemporary civilization.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, President Obama: "I am confident that we will succeed in this mission, because we are on the right side of history."   
VIDEO: Entire statement to American people.  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=101099, Voters are electing a new congress in Venezuela. And for the first time in almost 2 decades, the ruling socialist party is facing a strong challenge from the opposition. A high turnout favors the party led by President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition, meanwhile, says a loss by their candidates will indicate election tampering., In a rare Oval Office address, President Barack Obama on Sunday night will urge Americans not to give into fear following attacks in Paris and California, while trying to assure the public that he takes the threat of terrorism seriously. Jessica Stone reports from the White House., In Venezuela voters are deciding if the opposition will take control of the National Assembly. And, opinion polls suggest they will. Analysts say the vote is widely seen as a referendum on the policies of the last president Chavez and his hand-picked successor Nicolas Maduro.  CCTV's Stephen Gibbs reports from Caracas. READ MORE:  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=101119, Europe’s refugee crisis is rapidly changing its political landscape. Recent polls show growing support for parties with anti-immigration platforms in Austria, the Czech Republic, France, Holland, Poland, Slovakia, Sweden, and Switzerland. CCTV’s Guy Henderson reports., Smog returns to North China skies
Beginning Saturday, northern China has been again shrouded in smog and it will continue through December 9, according to China Meteorological Administration., VIDEO: A message from the Space Station astronauts on tackling climate change., null, CCTV America's Sean Callebs traveled to a remote part of Canada for CCTV America's series: "On Thin Ice.", #VenezuelaElection #Venezuela, China and the African continent have been working together on many different economic ventures, but it will be the China-Africa Summit happening now which will further solidify economic ties between the two., #Thailand's King #Bhumibol's persistent absence has led to concerns over the transition of power, and the uncertainty it could bring., "Let us continue our efforts to ensure a win-win relationship between #China and #Africa," said Chinese President #XiJinping  #FOCAC, CCTV America's Phillip TK Yin spoke with Tara Sinclair, an associate professor of economics and international affairs at George Washington University, and economist at Indeed., http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/12/04/glaxosmithkline-ceo-on-price-wars-and-pfizerallergan-deal, Climate change is faster and more severe in the Arctic than most of the planet., CCTV America's Phillip TK Yin spoke to Nick Blitterswyk, the CEO and Co-founder of Urban Green Energy, a company focused on renewable power sources., Modern medicine and healthier environments help people live longer lives, but many suffering from Alzheimer's disease or dementia say they can't afford assisted care., Protests swept Ecuador after the Latin American nation's government approved reforms allowing future presidents to serve indefinite terms in office., Great Britain and Germany are joining the international coalition to fight against the Islamic State in Syria., This year the European Union submitted a promise to the United Nations putting forth a binding plan to reduce its greenhouse emissions by at least 40 percent lower than they were in 1990, and the EU wants to accomplish this by 2030., Twitter wants to trademark the word "subtweet", betcha didn't even know what that meant. According to the Oxford Dictionary, A #subtweet is a Twitter post that refers to a particular user without directly mentioning them, often as a form of furtive mockery/criticism., Media coverage on the surge in violence since September between those from the Palestinian territories and Israelis is vastly different., Dora Maria Ruiz decided to educate the indigenous population in Mexico. She founded an organization to coach children, parents and teachers on issues that traditionally go unexplained. She is this week's Game Changer, An indigenous, isolated tribe in the Amazon jungle is starting to reach outside their secluded world. Dan Collyns reports from Madre de Dios in Peru for Americas Now., Learn about the history of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation:, Chinese researchers say they have cured a patient of #leukemia using CAR T-Cell therapy., #Coal is one of the most relied on energy sources in the world, but it’s one of the worst fossils fuels for the environment. Efforts are underway to make it cleaner, and ground-breaking technology using #CarbonCapture and storage was recently unveiled in Canada. #COP21 #ClimateChange 
Read more about carbon capture projects around the world: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=44839, Take our poll: Is Iraq better or worse off after Saddam Hussein? Learn more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=100097, Take our poll: Is Libya better or worse off after Muammar Gaddafi? Learn more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=100097, BREAKING: FBI says it's officially investigating the California mass shooting as an act of terrorism., The lake has been expanding close to a meter (3.3 feet) per year, submerging more than 16,000 hectares (39,537 acres) of farmland in all. The locals said it is due to too much rain and too many storms. Scientists suspect climate change is the root cause, but don't have conclusive proof., More than two decades have passed since a disastrous blood collection drive led to an AIDS epidemic among the peasants in Wenlou, a monumental tragedy that led to the village in Henan Province being infamously known as China’s “AIDS Village.” See how the town continues to survive., The online activities of Tashfeen Malik offer the first significant details suggesting a motive for her participation with her husband, Syed Farook, in the shooting. Malik was a Pakistani woman who came to the U.S. in 2014 on a fiancee visa before Farook married her in California. They had a 6-month-old daughter., Xi vowed to provide $60 billion to support 10 major proposed projects across Africa in the next three years. He said China will also train 200,000 African technicians and invite 40,000 people to study in China., Venezuela is going to have their parliamentary elections next week, and polls are predicting this election will be a bad blow to President Nicolas Maduro., The Arctic is changing. There really is no debate about that.
It’s getting warmer each year leading to thinning ice, thawing permafrost and changes to ways of life that have existed for generations., Russian President Vladimir Putin has delivered his annual state of the nation address. He touched on everything from the economy, to the fight against terror and escalating tensions with Turkey., China’s economy may have experienced a series of ups and down in the past year, but Chinese president Xi Jinping is maintaining his country’s position as Africa’s biggest trading partner.
CCTV America’s Wang Guan spoke with Bill Jones who is the Washington Bureau Chief of Executive Intelligence Review magazine., The FOCAC or the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation Summit is not a new event. Ministers from China and Africa have been meeting as a group for some fifteen years now.
Here’s a look at the history of cooperation between the two., China is taking a leap forward in the commercial use of controversial cloning technology., Brazil may be facing a political divide, but when it comes to the environment, the government seems to agree., Brazil has begun the impeachment proceedings against its president Dilma Rousseff over accusations of illegal fiscal deals., The drought on America's west coast is taking its toll on the dairy industry as around 100 dairy farms now go out of business each year waiting for rain., A mass shooting took place in San Bernardino, California on Wednesday, which was one of the bloodiest in American history., Millions of pilgrims from around the world are gathering in Iraq's holy city of Karbala to commemorate Arbaeen, one of the most revered religious occasions on the Islamic calendar., Getting from point A to point B in a cleaner and greener way is the focus now at a large climate change conference in Paris. Negotiating teams are locked in crucial talks to address the issue., The main consumer of oil stolen from legitimate owners in Syria and Iraq is Turkey. Top political leadership of the country, President Erdogan and his family, are involved in this criminal business,” Russia’s Deputy Defense Minister Anatoly Antonov said in a press briefing., Some interesting facts about dating and marriage in China. Click to see a new survey published by the China Association of Marriage and Family Studies!, Hours after the Dec. 2, shooting in San Bernardino, U.S. lawmakers gave prayers for victims. Think Progress writer Igor Volsky decided criticize what he sees as hypocrisy among those against gun control who also offer sympathy for victims of gun violence. And then Twitter blew up., It's an architectural dichotomy in #China that could show up in a film you're watching. Find out why:, The x-ray isn't lying. A woman in China had 36 buckshot pellets in her head after her 2-year-old accidentally shot her. 
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/12/03/36-iron-pellets-from-buckshot-embedded-in-womans-head#ixzz3tIA2i7O4 

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, BREAKING NEWS: 5 current and former members of FIFA's ruling executive committee were among 16 additional men indicted on corruption charges as part of U.S. prosecutors' widening investigation into soccer corruption., As the ice thins and melts, new areas are opening on both land and sea. In some places what were once brutally harsh weather, conditions are now not as bad. Gas and oil companies are moving in pitting many indigenous communities against their neighbors., Obama: "We can't just leave it to our professionals to deal with the problems (of) these kinds of horrible killings. We all have a part to play.", In November 2015, the U.S. government approved the first genetically engineered animal, a hybrid salmon. That version of the fish could end up on dinner tables across the United States, but the fish faces an upstream battle. Fierce opposition from consumer and environmental groups abounds., Watch President Barack Obama speak about yesterday's shooting in San Bernardino, California now: http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream/, Federal authorities said the two assault rifles and two handguns used in the violence had been bought legally, but they did not say how and when they got into the attackers’ hands., It's called the Beige Book, but it's much more than its benign label. The book is a look at economic stability across the U.S. and its influence is great, despite experts calling it imperfect., Iraq's Saddam Hussein and Libya's Muammar Gaddafi ruled for decades before being violently overthrown, but a solution ended up turning into chaos for both countries., The suspect in the Southern California shooting that left 14 dead traveled to Saudi Arabia earlier this year and returned with a wife.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, CCTV America’s Asieh Namdar spoke with Teng Jianqun, Director for the Center of Arms Control at the China Institute of International Studies., The United States produces more than 855 million kilograms of Styrofoam each year. Professors at Stanford University in California have discovered that a very tiny creature may hold promise for cutting down all that waste., Venezuelans head to the polls this Sunday for parliamentary elections and it’s expected to be one of the closest votes in the country’s history. CCTV America’s Stephen Gibbs reports., For more insight into the significance of the move, CCTV America’s Phillip Yin spoke to Stephen Roach. He’s the senior lecturer with Tale School of Business., For more on the military mission of Britain and Germany against ISIL, CCTV America’s Asieh Namdar spoke to Barak Barfi. He is a research fellow at the New America Foundation., Iraq's Saddam Hussein and Libya's Muammar Gaddafi ruled for decades before being violently overthrown, but a solution ended up turning into chaos for both countries., They live deep in Peru’s Amazon rain forest, but recently the Mashco-Piro clan is stepping up contact with the outside world., As a key participant in a global fight against #ClimateChange, China has been making its due contribution for the goal. What will China do for the climate change? This video explains. #COP21, For more on China's investment in Africa and the major deals signed during the China-Africa Summit, CCTV America's Asieh Namdar spoke to Scott Morris. He is a senior fellow at the Center for Global Development., UPDATE: Police have surrounded a black SUV following a pursuit, which crashed a few miles from the regional center, and were approaching with guns drawn, according to aerial footage of the scene. It was unclear if the incidents were related. Police said shots were fired, an officer-involved shooting occurred, and one suspect appeared to be down. Other suspects could still be at large., Latest news via AP: Police estimate at least 14 dead, more than a dozen wounded in California mass shooting: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=100103, At least three people have been reported killed, according to Reuters., BREAKING: According to the country sheriff via a tweet, the San Bernardino Police Dept. “has confirmed 1 to 3 possible suspects. Multiple victims.”, The evaluation says the most “coordinated” work on developing such arms was done before 2003, with some activities continuing up to 2009., "We need to maintain a close high level exchanges between China and South Africa," said Chinese President #XiJinping. Watch here for more of his comments., WATCH LIVE: Xi, South Africa’s Zuma hold joint press conference, Watch live at 11am EST, 1600 GMT.  President's Xi and Zuma hold press conference on China-Africa relations. 
https://youtu.be/wikTc6AqRW8, As climate change becomes more and more front and center right now in Paris, the weather pattern called El Nino is also in full swing. Now researchers are investigating a possible link between El Nino and climate change., Chinese equities are now a larger part of the global investor’s portfolio. From December 1st, Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI), one of the top index providers in the world, will add Alibaba, Baidu and a dozen other U.S.-listed Chinese companies to its emerging market index and several other indexes that cover China., null, French President Francois Hollande held talks with African leaders in Paris on Tuesday. CCTV's Kate Parkinson reports from Paris., As global leaders meet to discuss climate change, a group of researchers in the Arctic are focusing on permafrost. Permafrost is exactly what it sounds like: ground that's permanently frozen. But a tiny uptick in temperatures is fueling concern that thawing earth could lead to engineering disasters and worsen global warming. CCTV America's Sean Callebs reports from Alaska., A key outcome of Chinese president Xi Jinping's U.S. visit earlier this year was the resurrection of cyber security dialogue between the U.S. and China. And this week, officials from the two countries will meet in Washington to further work together on this issue., As Puerto Rico struggles to manage its debt, residents are taking matters into their own hands. Many are bypassing the island's double-digit unemployment rate by starting their own ventures., There is a real way that average citizens can have a real impact on reducing their carbon footprint., In the U.S., the issue of allowing thousands of refugees to resettle in America is dividing the nation., Stateless Santa or Citizen of the World? One expert offers an opinion, you decide. What country is Santa Claus from?, Here are a bunch of ways to lower your carbon footprint, by their (very subjective) pain level., NATO foreign ministers have opened a two-day meeting in Brussels. They are discussing support for Turkey and whether to invite Montenegro to become a member., As the world commemorates World AIDS Day on Dec. 1, both China and the United States are striving to stem the growth of the disease. Take a look at seven charts that examine the epidemic globally, in China, and the United States. #HIV #AIDS, In a country as big as Russia, climate change is a big issue. Russia has some of the largest oil, coal and gas reserves in the world. And industries that rely heavily on those fossil fuels. What will Russia do for the #ClimateChange? #COP21 This video explains., Thick smog covered Beijing and much of north China on Monday as the worst period of air pollution this year stretches into a fourth day., Xi: “China will work with Zimbabwe and all other friendly African nations to pave a broader and more solid road of mutual benefit and common development for China and Africa.", The Forbidden City: China’s latest Internet star, The bomb was left on barriers on the overpass, said Atilla Aydiner, the mayor for Istanbul’s Bayrampasa district. Earlier, Istanbul’s governor said one person was slightly injured in the blast., This blog will update all the essential background information about climate change. #COP21
Today, we will talk about #GHG. 
We will give you a hint: greenhouse gas., Within a matter of a few hours, the post went viral, and many Chinese internet users posted statements against the organization that criticized it., The White House had already said parts of the deal should be legally binding, but this is the first time Obama has said it himself, and spelled out which ones., People living with HIV in China (2014): 296,000 
People living with AIDS in China (2014): 205,000
Number of HIV/AIDS related deaths in China (2014): 159,000

Due to the implementation of a series of treatment and care measures, such as antiretroviral therapy, the fatality rate of AIDS has dropped gradually and the number of deaths has become stable., One Nobel Peace Prize winner says the world’s youth has to play a bigger role in climate change. That’s according to former U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan., Climate change is having a dramatic effect on the people who have carved out a way of life in the harsh region. It’s also threatening one of their most cherished practices, whaling., Environment advocates in Australia are taking their fight to federal court., Venezuela is holding parliamentary elections this weekend and polls are predicting change., Developed and developing countries have historically taken different approaches to combating climate change. In contrast to the Copenhagen climate talks, China is bridging the gap., When world leaders come together in Paris for the climate change conference a lot of the discussion will be about numbers. Who is talking about what? CCTV's Jim Spellman explains in this video about the climate change pledge of the U.S. . #COP21, World leaders opened the much-anticipated climate conference Monday in Paris. From taxing carbon emissions to using more nuclear energy, what tools will they choose to combat climate change?, The 1992 Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro laid the foundations of ‘green diplomacy’. It resulted in the UNFCCC.Every year since 1995, the Conference of Parties to the Convention – known as #COP – brings together signatory states - to try to combat climate change by reducing emissions. Check this video for the history of climate change negotiations.#COP21 (Video by AFP), BREAKING NEWS via AP: U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron says Parliament will hold a debate Wednesday on whether Britain should launch airstrikes against militants in Syria. Cameron's statement Monday comes only hours after opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn decided that Labour Party lawmakers would be allowed to vote their conscience on the matter — rather than to keep party discipline and have a unified stance., null, Basketball fans in China have been tearing up and paying tribute after NBA star Kobe Bryant announced that he would be retiring at the end of the current season., The International Monetary Fund has announced that China's currency, the yuan, has joined the dollar, yen, euro and pound as part of the global currency basket known as the Special Drawing Right, or SDR. What's the Special Drawing Right? Watch this explainer. #Yuan #SDR, A climate deal is by no means guaranteed. More than 180 countries have already submitted individual national plans, but that's just a foundation for a binding agreement that Jennifer Morgan, a climate policy expert at World Resources Institute, calls "the international glue that puts them all together." Many of the leaders called for a binding agreement and emphasized the role of private funding., "No Turkish prime minister or president will apologize... because of doing our duty," Davutoglu told reporters after meeting with NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg in Brussels., What's #COP21? What's #CMP11?
This daily-updated post will break down and explain the jargon to you., Chinese President #XiJinping calls for comprehensive, balanced and binding agreement during speech at #COP21, The money is to be used for schools, accommodation, and healthcare to support the refugees and for Turkey to coordinate and register asylum seekers as they arrive and depart., null, null, null, null, null, At the conference venue there was some hope that the shadow cast over Paris by the attacks may actually enhance the chance of reaching an agreement. Certainly the number of world leaders attending the opening day on Nov. 30 is unprecedented and many see that as a sign that the world is ready to act., Heading into the Paris climate talks, U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said current commitments don’t achieve the goal of holding the increase in global temperature to two degrees Celsius. 
For more on the upcoming talks, CCTV America was joined by Paul Bledsoe, president of Bledsoe & Associates and a senior fellow in the Climate Change and Energy Program at the German Marshall Fund., “Thank you for the invitation,” Chinese President Xi Jinping said to his French counterpart. “I’m glad to be in Paris.” 

President Francois Hollande welcomed Xi for the bilateral talks, which they kicked off with a working dinner., "It’s messages from 197 young people to 197 countries and from a variety of world leaders like Kofi Annan, Paul Polman, Bob Geldof, to say now is the time to act.", The country’s first domestically designed regional jet, the ARJ21-700, arrived at the Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport on a bright, sunny Sunday., Scientists from 5 countries drilled ice cores in two sites on the Tibetan Plateau, 6,200 and 6,700 meters above sea level, respectively. The work was hard, but for them, it was worth it., Think competition for a job is tough in your country? #China has 1.4M competing for 27,000 civil service jobs., The Chinese president will deliver a speech at the conference on Monday, raising China’s proposals on countering climate change.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Some argue that crocodile hunting should be reintroduced, but others say culling crocodiles could also lull people into a false sense of security., “Curiosity has always been a word that implies inferiority because it’s pretty much stating that you don’t know the answer,” Grazer said., “Listening is a generous gift,” says Julian. “It’s an amazing thing and it is under threat.”, Thomas Knox sets up a table and two chairs, inviting strangers to join him for a conversation or to play a game - all while they wait for their train to arrive., “I simply wanted to create a sense of relatability for the community towards the homeless,” explains Nigel. “Instead of ‘them’ and ‘us’, let’s create some kind of bridge where we can relate to one another.”, The Kilamba Kiaxi project builder CITIC Construction of China was able to complete the largest housing project on the African continent on schedule, said executive general manager Zhu Boxue., Guoxiang Farm is part of China's Golden Sun project, a government-funded program that creates solar power stations. Participants then sell the power generated at a lower price to the grid for a period of 20 years., CCTV America's Susan Roberts interviewed Ivan Eland, a senior fellow at the Independent Institute about security issues for the COP21 meeting in Paris., Hollande met with leaders and representatives of the 53 Commonwealth member states as well as the United Nation's secretary General. Together they're attempting to strike a common agreement on new climate change targets ahead of a major UN summit., The decree came hours after Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan had voiced regret over the incident, saying his country was “truly saddened” by the event and wished it hadn’t occurred., View photos of Treasures found in Egypt. Learn more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=99135, Tahir Elci was shot while he and other lawyers were making a press statement. Two policemen and a journalist were also injured., The attack comes just eight days after Islamic extremists attacked a luxury hotel further south in the capital, Bamako, in which 20 people were killed., Researchers say the discovery of a new chamber could shine new light on one of ancient Egypt's most turbulent times, and one prominent researcher has theorized that the remains of Queen Nefertiti might be inside., While many details were still not clear Saturday morning, the Colorado shooting appeared to touch a number of America's most sensitive issues, including access to guns, abortion rights and even the Black Lives Matter movement. Activists noted that a white gunman suspected of shooting several police officers was taken into custody and not killed., For context and analysis, CCTV America's Mike Walter spoke with Senior Captain Zhang Junshe, vice president of the China Naval Research Institute., Residents in Bama County, in southwest China's Guanxi Zhuang Autonomous Region believe they've found the key to good health and a long life., Less than three years ago, Colombia announced plans to build 100,000 free homes for its poorest citizens., One of the many impacts of climate change is how rising global temperatures will affect coral reefs., China's Landbridge Group has been picked to help turn Australia's ailing port of Darwin into an economic gateway to Asia. Farmers in Australia's Northern Territory say the makeover could transform their export business., The so-called Conference of Parties or COP21 kicks off next week in Paris. It is the yearly meeting of countries in the United Nations Framework on Climate change. The summit's goal is to have a legally binding agreement to prevent global temperatures rising more than 2 degrees Celsius., France has taken extraordinary steps to keep people at the upcoming climate talks in Paris safe after the recent terror attacks in the city., UPDATE: Three killed, including one officer and two civilians. Nine people wounded. Motive still unknown., "Black Friday" which is one of the biggest shopping days of the year for U.S. consumers. Held on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday, Black Friday is a tradition of stores offering deep discounts that draws crowds to shopping centers across the country., Commonwealth heads of government have begun their three-day summit in the Maltese capital Valletta with combatting Islamist extremism high on the agenda., UPDATE: Law enforcement official says 1 police officer killed in attack at Planned Parenthood, Syria's Turkmen has come under the spotlight recently, after Turkey downed a Russian warplane near their territory. But who are they? And why is Turkey so protective of them?, Turkey’s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party won big in elections earlier in November. But what does that mean for the war against Islamic State, the Syrian refugee crisis, and beyond?, "This is still very active. We do have the individual inside the building and as of a minute ago ... he was actively shooting at us," the spokeswoman, Lieutenant Catherine Buckley, told reporters about three hours after the first shots were reported., Basi, the panda who rose to fame as the mascot of the 11th Asian Games in Beijing, will celebrate her 35th birthday -- that would make her more than 100 in human years -- on Saturday in Fuzhou, the capital of Fujian province., There was a day of mourning in France Friday, two weeks after terror attacks killed 130 in Paris. President Francois Hollande led the sombrer ceremony in Paris., Police: 3 officers injured in shooting near Colorado Planned Parenthood; shooter contained., BREAKING NEWS via REUTERS: Active shooter at a Planned Parenthood in Colorado Springs, unknown if there are any hostages., Giant panda #Basi will turn 35 tomorrow, making her over 100 in human years. The panda research and exchange center in Fuzhou, southeast China, will invite 50 VIPP (very important panda people) to its birthday celebration, including 35 American breeders and members of the public that the centenarian panda met during her performance tour in San Diego in 1987 in this video. #Happybirthday #panda, The Brookings Institution examination of a complete data set of 20,000 #ISIS Twitter accounts ranked Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Syria and U.S. as the top four locations of twitter users. CCTV America asked why to Scott Stewart, a terrorism and security analyst., The number of people who have died as a result of #terrorism is at a record level. Terrorists killed tens of thousands of people in 2014, a significant jump from the year before.  Where it's happening? Who is behind it? Check this video to find out., In 2007, dozens of people were killed when ammunition dumped at an arms depot in Mozambique outside the capital began to explode., Literacy rates are lagging in parts of the developing world. Reading, for example, isn’t the most popular pastimes in the shantytowns of Rio de Janeiro. But maybe that can change., In a move to ease tensions on the Korean peninsula, officials from each country met at the demilitarized zone., If you haven’t been paying attention to business news, you may not know who Janet Yellen is. And if you don’t, she’s basically in charge of the U.S. economy. She’s the Federal Reserve chair. And she’s also married to one of the most influential economists in the world — George Akerlof, winner of 2001 Nobel prize in economics., China and South Korea are a step closer to ratifying a free trade agreement., France and Russia will share intelligence on ISIL in Syria. French President Francois Hollande and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed they share a "common enemy," and want to make their bombing campaigns more effective., With more Chinese spending on airlines and hotels, China is set to overtake the U.S. in business travel by next year., The holiday season has traditionally been gift time for many on Wall Street. Bonuses account for roughly half of annual compensation in the financial services sector. But that's changing for those who work on Wall Street., The month of November has seen a wave of terror attacks around the world, as the number of people who have died as a result of terrorism is at a record level, according to a new report. Terrorists killed tens of thousands of people in 2014, a significant jump from the year before., Did you know: the first Thanksgiving meal likely included eels?, The U.S. job market is improving by leaps and bounds, but the nature of work has definitely changed since the recession., Cuba is famous for its dance culture, and this week hundreds of enthusiasts from around the world are in Havana for an annual salsa festival., A brief explainer on the calorie-laden American holiday that is Thanksgiving (with recipes!), In New York, busy Times Square is often called “The Crossroads of the World”, because you will see tourists from around the globe gazing at its bright lights and large billboards. In some ways, it has become a victim of its own success by attracting some unsavory characters that are hoping to bank on all the tourists., Some great food to eat during the winter time. You may eat #Turkey today, but go and try this favored Chinese food, someday!, With his embarrassed daughters standing by, turkeys 'Honest' and 'Abe' received a presidential pardon from Barack Obama. Check out our timeline of the history of where this American tradition came from.  CLICK: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=98548, Happy Thanksgiving!
World's only Panda triplets to star in Kungfu Panda 3!
Pictures: panda triplets Hanna, Harry and Harely eat food beside a figure "Kongfu Panda" at Chimelong Safari Park in South China's Guangzhou on Thursday. The movie "Kongfu Panda 3" will be screened in China on January 29 in 2016. 
Photo credit: Xinhua/Liu Dawei, China will streamline its military structure and cut 300,000 office workers and personnel from non-combating military departments., In the U.S. it's a day for eating, but also to be thankful. The average price of a 10-person Thanksgiving dinner is $50.11. 
Here are some other factoids about Thanksgiving., On November 25th, 1975 - high-ranking officials from several South American countries gathered for a meeting in Santiago with a dark agenda. It was then that Operation Condor was launched and military dictatorships were able to swap information to hunt down political opponents., The holiday shopping season in the United States is underway. This Friday marks what’s being called the biggest shopping day of the year for Americas: Black Friday.
For more on the holiday e-commerce and retail, CCTV America’s Elaine Reyes spoke to Satish Jindel. He is the president of SJ Consulting., The rapprochement between the U.S. and Cuba was envisioned to make some business and travel between the two nations easier. The transition hasn't been without challenges, though., Technology is changing the way consumers get health care and health information all across the globe. According to a new study, there are well over 150,000 health-related smartphone apps from the U.S., and the number is growing., Cuba saw a record number of visitors this year. The island nation has long capitalized on its sun, sea and salsa, but now it's marketing a new attraction: health tourism., World leaders will gather in Paris later this month for the United Nations Conference on Climate Change., The U.S. military now says that an air strike on a Doctors Without Borders (MSF) hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan last month was a mistake. Human error compounded by technical problems and procedural missteps led a U.S. military airplane last month to target the MSF Hospital, in an attack that left 30 people dead., Russia is fiercely disputing Turkey's version of events after the downing of a Russian fighter jet that crossed over from Syrian airspace into Turkish airspace., With improving weather in Southeast Asia, some are concerned there could be a return of "boat people", which is a slang term that has been given to migrants taking to the sea in search of a better life., It is estimated that 13 million Chinese citizens, nearly one-hundredth of its total population, do not have their household registration document, also known as Hukou. Not having a Hukou bars citizens from accessing to almost all social services provided by the state, including identification cards., “We have no intention of escalating this incident. We are only defending our own security and the rights of our brothers,” Erdogan said, adding Turkey’s policy in Syria would not change., #ISIL has claimed responsibility for bombing a bus carrying members of Tunisia’s presidential guard that left 13 people dead., Chicago braced for more protests Wednesday after the release of a video showing a white police officer shooting a black teen 16 times, even after the boy had crumpled to the ground., null, Snowstorms have swept across a vast area of north China. Many places in Beijing, Tianjin was coated in a thick blanket of white. Check these pictures of the beautiful winter scenery over iconic landmarks including The Great Wall. #Snow #Winter 
Photos: Xinhua, Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is largely bucking the trend of world leaders. By the end of the year, his government will identify 10,000 Syrian refugees, eligible to resettle in Canada., Find out why CCTV is a great place to work. Learn more about us here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=98072, Technology has evolved in so many ways and we're seeing that impact on transportation with ride-sharing services and the development of self-driving cars. As vehicles largely remain the same, some technologists believe it's time to invest in another mode being called the personal rapid transport, a.k.a the Podcar., China's ageing population is estimated to top half a billion by 2050. No wonder investors are jumping into the aged care market, but challenges abound including polarized development, unprofitable operations and lagging legislation., While Paris attacks have sparked a debate in Europe and the U.S. about letting in Syrian refugees, one American town has been welcoming to refugees for decades. CCTV America's Roee Ruttenberg reports from in Clarkston, Georgia., On Sunday, Colombia’s government announced the pardon of 30 jailed FARC rebels as a confidence building measure towards ongoing peace talks. Meanwhile, an investigation opened up into possible war crimes by surviving leaders of another rebel group., Working late here at CCTV America. "See" you soon CCTVNews!, U.S. pharmaceutical giant Pfizer is buying Botox maker Allergan for 160 billion dollars., Mourning for the victims of a deadly hotel attack in Mali continues, and some are being singled out for their bravery in helping others during the terrorist siege., As the presidents of France and the United States meet in Washington, the war on ISIL takes a dramatic twist., Ma has been negotiating the deal with the SCMP Group’s major shareholder the Kuok family since last year and the contract will be signed shortly, a source told Caixin, though details on the size of the stake Ma will buy and the value of the deal are still not clear. The SCMP Group and Alibaba both declined to comment., UPDATE via Reuters: Hostage situation in northern France apparently not linked to Paris attacks: police sources, ICYMI yesterday., About half of Americans say they don’t want Syrian refugees to resettle in the United States. They fear ISIL terrorists will pose as refugees and enter the U.S. In 60 seconds, freelance editor and writer Elizabeth MacBride explains the reality of the situation. 

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/24/why-what-you-think-about-syrian-refugees-is-probably-wrong#ixzz3sRFsi0Vd 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, BREAKING via Reuters: Hostage situation reported in northern French town of Roubaix near Belgium: medical services, Obama calls now an "important moment" for the world., "We cannot succumb to fear," Obama said, standing alongside French President Francois Hollande after they met at the White House to discuss the anti-ISIS mission. "Make no mistake, we will win, and groups like ISIL will lose.", LIVE VIDEO: Starting soon-Obama, Hollande news conference  www.cctvamericalive.com, Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday described Turkey's decision to down a Russian warplane near the Syrian border as a "stab in the back." Putin was speaking at a meeting with Jordan's King Abdullah II, where he accepted the king's condolences following reports that one of the pilots was dead.

Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu has defended shooting down the Russian fighter jet at the border with Syria, saying Turkey has the right "to take all kinds of measures" against border violations according to international laws. #RussiaTurkey #RussianPlane   
READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=97924, Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday branded the downing by Turkey of a Russian warplane on the Syrian border a "stab in the back" committed by "accomplices of terrorists".

The shooting down of the fighter plane was "a stab in the back committed by accomplices of terrorists", Putin said at a meeting with Jordanian King Abdullah II. "I cannot call what happened today anything else." #RussiaTurkey #RussianPlane  

READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=97924, According to a recent poll, more than half of Americans say they don't want to allow Syrian refugees into the United States because they believe they pose a security risk., The meeting between French President Francois Hollande and the British Prime Minister is just the first. Hollande is launching a week-long diplomatic push to form a "unique coalition" against ISIL., Silicon Valley has helped changed technology around the world. And now some of the leaders of companies there have set their sights on transforming the U.S. education system., There are robot lizards, robot soldiers, creepy humanoid robots and now robot reporters., The United States is ramping-up its airstrikes against ISIL, and the target is one of the militant group’s major sources of revenue., A Muslim preacher has called on all of France’s mosques to condemn violence following the Paris terror attacks., He lives just outside the U.S. city of Atlanta. He’s one of fewer than 100 Syrian refugees to be settled in the state of Georgia. He lives in an apartment with two other men—both of them refugees from Iraq. Watch tonight's Insight at 9pm EST. 

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/23/producers-notebook-from-syria-to-america-one-refugees-story#ixzz3sMMEE0cn 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Mauricio Macri, the presidential candidate for Argentina’s opposition conservative Cambiemos (Let’s Change) Party, won in Sunday’s runoff election. He will be sworn in on Dec. 11., One of only four northern white rhinos believed left in the world died Sunday at the San Diego Zoo Safari Park., More than 80 people are dead and 100 missing in a landslide on Sunday in one of Myanmar’s jade mines in the northernmost Kachin state, rescue officials said., Famous tourist attractions in Beijing, including the Forbidden City and the Jingshan Park, were inundated with visitors on Sunday as snow blanketed the Chinese capital., Chinese online users were amazed at the sight of an unknown resident in Beijing who created an impressive pattern of concentric rectangles on a playground after snow blanketed the city on Sunday last week., Chinese Premier Li Keqiang is paying his first official visit to Malaysia amid a series of ASEAN meetings held since last Friday on Nov. 19., What is it like to be a Syrian refugee in the U.S.? Hear from Mohamad Sayadi. Tonight on Insight at 9pm EST.  Watch anywhere at www.cctvamericalive.com
READ MORE: From Syria to America, one refugee’s story  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=97721, The Tianjin government has signed a deal with a local genetic technology company aiming to build the world’s largest clone factory, China’s central government reported on its official website on Saturday last week., An estimated 2.6 million Afghans have been forced to flee their homeland. The genocide in Rwanda resulted in 2.3 million people being displaced. Syria is now the worst refugee crisis in our generation.  

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/23/syria-is-the-worst-refugee-crisis-of-our-generation#ixzz3sLLJqHvp 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Instead of tweeting about ongoing raids on social media to tip off suspects, Belgians tweeted their cat photos.  Check out some examples in our Storify.  #BrusselsLockdown
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, The Belgian government kept the capital on the highest state of alert in the face of what it described as a "serious and imminent" threat, preventing a return to normal in the city that is also host to the European Union's main institutions., Political analyst Laura Carlsen joins “Americas Now” anchor Elaine Reyes to talk more about these documents and the information they reveal about the secret terror network Operation Condor., It was a secret terror campaign that began in South America in the 1970’s and led to torture and a long killing spree. Called Operation Condor, or Plan Condor, the intelligence network comprised of military dictatorships allowed nations to share information to help suppress their rivals., Bangladesh Nationalist Party leader Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury and Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mujahid, secretary general of the main Islamist party Jamaat-e-Islami, were hanged at 12:55 a.m. at Dhaka Central Jail in the nation’s capital, said Senior Jail Superintendent Mohammad Jahangir Kabir., CCTV America is joined by Joseph Humire of Center for a Free Society to discuss Sunday's Argentine elections., Financial cooperation is greatly needed to push Sino-African relations a step further. China became the largest trade partner to Africa in 2009. Bilateral trade volume has grown to exceed $220 billion in 2014 and more than 2,000 Chinese enterprises are now investing in African energy, power, and infrastructure development. None of these achievements could have been realized without financial cooperation., The Johanessburg Art Gallery was created by Florence Phillips 100 years ago, who's sole intention was to bring some culture to the crassly commercial gold-rush town at the time. Its focus was unabashedly Eurocentic, but both that intention and the contents of the gallery have changed and the focus has evolved to humanity in general., The alert comes as French police issue a new appeal to identify the third attacker who was killed in the assault at the national stadium. They posted a photo of the man on Twitter, asking the public for information that would help identify him., BREAKING via the Associated Press : Belgian prosecutors announce they have detained 16 in raids, Paris fugitive still at large. More info: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=97482, Watch more of the interview with "Into the Badlands" star and producer Daniel Wu., The Israeli decision to shut down and ban affiliates of the organization Islamic Movement is drawing criticism from observers who say there’s no justification for the ban other than the Israeli Prime Minister’s attempt at achieving political gains., Egyptians have been voting in 13 governorships, including the troubled Sinai region. A curfew has been in place for months, but the duration was reduced so that Egyptians could vote., The rising tensions in the South China Sea, and how best to resolve them, also ended up dominating discussions with all sides seeming to agree on the need to speedily reach a binding code of conduct for the sea., BREAKING NEWS: U.S. Geological Survey says an M5.9 earthquake hit the Afghanistan-Tajikistan-Pakistan region Nov-22 18:16 UTC. Details to come., Both the U.S.-backed Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) and the Chinese-backed Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) offer a blueprint for the future of Asia-Pacific growth. While they may have competing ideas about the region, they could end up being complimentary., After 20 years of modeling and acting in both TV and film, Garcelle Beauvais has proven she is one of the few mainstays in Hollywood., Actress, turned mathematician, Danica McKellar, is out to disprove a myth that women and girls are not as good at math as men and boys. And Danica is living proof. She is a summa cum laude graduate of UCLA with a degree in mathematics. She even has a groundbreaking theorem named after her., Mariel Hemingway is not only an iconic Oscar-nominated actor from a celebrated American family; she is a prolific author and a tireless mental health awareness and suicide prevention advocate., Actress Marlee Matlin first received worldwide critical acclaim for her debut role in the hit film, Children of a Lesser God. Her performance won the Academy Award for Best Actress, and at 21 years old, she became the youngest actress ever to receive the honor., CCTV’s Zhu Dan interviewed "Into the Badlands" star Daniel Wu about his new martial arts western and asked him about diversity in entertainment, how he landed his role, and the challenges to filming a martial arts show. Here’s what he said:, Kenya is the world's largest exporter of black tea, but various restrictions prevent greater profit gains from tea. Manufacturers are now turning to support from Chinese companies to add more value and focus on products that can fetch higher prices in the international market., Argentina will see a run-off presidential election on Sunday after the results of an October poll were too close to name an outright winner. The vote will decide the successor to Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, who is unable to run for a third term in office., The city of Sinjar, Iraq is in ruins, but liberated. This town was formerly home to Islamic State, known as ISIL or Daesh, for over a year and served as a strategic link between Mosul, Iraq, to the east and Raqqa, Syria, to the west., “I get private messages saying we should be sending all the refugees and Muslims to internment camps in Wyoming and things like that,” Colorado resident Amal Kassir said.

“That puts a lot of Muslim people in danger, that puts me in danger, my family members, Syrian refugees who might have just come here. It’s scary.”, The heavily armed Islamic extremists who shot up a luxury hotel in Mali’s capital, killing 19 people, timed their assault for the moment when guards would be the most lax, allowing them to easily blast their way past a five-man security team before turning their weapons on terrified guests, a security guard and witnesses said Saturday., A look at the rivalry between al-Qaida and IS

Both groups are at war with the West and committed to the revival of an Islamic caliphate, but they are furiously divided over strategy and leadership, and have battled one another in Syria: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=97356, BREAKING NEWS: 2 Bangladesh opposition leaders executed for 1971 war crimes, jail official says, The participants were keen to stress the positives of greater cooperation. However amid the leaders' usual warm handshakes, the pomp and the fanfare, there were obvious signs of the heightened security tensions gripping the world right now., Kim was an important figure in South Korea's pro-democracy movement and opposed the country's military dictators for decades. As president, Kim laid the foundation for a peaceful power transfer in a country that had been marked by military coups., On Friday, European interior and justice ministers unanimously backed France’s call for a fundamental revision of the Schengen open border zone to allow “systematic” controls on external borders., The 52nd Golden Horse Awards ceremony has kicked off in Taipei.
As the award ceremony is ongoing at the Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall, we bring you glimpses from the red carpet – the glamour and the glitz.
As one of the most prestigious film awards of the Chinese language cinema, the Taipei Golden Horse Awards is an annual event that started in 1962., President Xi has instructed the Chinese side to step up efforts to ensure the safety of Chinese nationals and organizations overseas., Snow on the Great Wall of China. Just beautiful, China has launched a communication satellite developed for Laos on Saturday from the Xichang Satellite Launch Center in southwest China's Sichuan Province. Lao Sat-1 is China’s first satellite exported to an ASEAN country., Marine life and coral reefs in the oceans which separate the U.S. and Cuba are going to get a bit more attention. The two countries have signed an agreement to work together to keep the area’s natural habitat safer., null, Brazil is hosting the 2016 Summer Olympics, and it feels as if the event automatically raises the threat level there. Riot police from France and Brazil began joint security drills this week., An American convicted of spying for Israel has been released. Jonathan Pollard was released from a U.S. federal prison after serving 30 years of a life sentence., One of the most coveted awards in the auto industry is the Green Car of the Year, and this year, it was a repeat victory., Taxi drivers worldwide have been fighting the huge change in their industry ever since Uber and other ride-sharing apps entered the market., On this edition of the Women at Work series, Global Business America focused on women across the business world. While maximizing profits never goes out of style, it's important to do it right., A panel of international experts joined The Heat to talk about the latest round of terror attacks and the reaction to ISIL., FIFA has recently dominated headlines with its corruption scandal, leading to suspension of president Sepp Blatter, but the executive reshuffle doesn't end there., The president of a University in the U.S. state of Missouri resigned over racial tensions on campus. That after school's football team threatened to walk off the field if he did not quit. That near-boycott by the athletes is an indication of just how powerful the sport of U.S. college football has become., For a look at how the markets are affected by the impact of geopolitical turmoil like terror attacks, Vidak Radonjic, Managing Partner at The Beryl Consulting Group, weighed in., The death toll in the Paris attacks aftermath is up to 130. Many of the wounded are still recovering in hospitals, still., It is seen as a coming of age for the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). As 10 leaders prepare for their summit in Kuala Lumpur, ASEAN is ready to declare that it has achieved its goal of forging an integrated economic community., On Friday, European interior and justice ministers unanimously backed France's call for a fundamental revision of the Schengen open border zone to allow "systematic" controls on external borders., The grey area on protecting war zone hospitals, For more on the raids in Mali CCTV America's Asieh Namdar interviewed Emira Woods. Woods is Associate Fellow at the Institute for Policy Studies., BREAKING NEWS: 3 Chinese nationals confirmed dead according to the Chinese Embassy in Mali., Why is China burning money? Hint: It's not a metaphor, “Americas Now” remembers “Operation Condor”

It was an intelligence network formed by military dictatorships in 1970’s Latin America. Called Operation Condor, or Plan Condor, it allowed nations to share information to help suppress their rivals. It also led to kidnappings, persecution and death. Correspondent Joel Richards travels to some of the sites associated with Operation Condor and speaks to survivors of the terror which still has strong echoes today. This Sunday at 6 pm on “Americas Now.”, US regulators on Thursday approved a type of genetically-modified salmon as safe to eat, making it the first transgenic animal destined for American dinner tables. #GMO

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration's decision came after years of controversy over the fish, which is an Atlantic salmon injected with a gene from Pacific Chinook salmon to make it grow faster., A Malian military source has said two gunmen were killed in the siege, CCTV reporter said.

Moreover, a Malian government minister, quoted by AFP, has said there are no more hostages inside the hotel.

"They currently have no more hostages in their hands and forces are in the process of tracking them down," security minister Salif Traore said., AFP: Security minister says the gunmen at the Radisson Blu Hotel in #Bamako in #Mali are "holding no more hostages"., Live update of the #Mali attack:
At least six US citizens have been rescued, indicating the number could rise further, said Colonel Mark Cheadle of the US Africa Command.

The al-Qaida affiliated group which has claimed responsibility for the hotel siege on Twitter is known as al Mourabitoun. The group is based in northern Mali, and their claims are yet to be verified., Live Updates: #Mali Attack

In the past half hour, heavy gunfire has been heard inside the building.

About 80 are believed to have been freed. Some were let go after citing verses of the Koran, others managed to escape themselves. 4 trapped Chinese nationals in #Mali hotel have been rescued, says a source at the Chinese embassy in Mali.

French, German, Chinese, Turkish, Indian, Belgian and Algerian nationals are known to have been staying at the hotel, including crew for Turkish Airlines and Air France., null, null, France has vowed to destroy ISIL after the latest Paris attacks., Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is trying to make better use of the country's massive 20,000 tons of unused gold., The United States is ramping-up its airstrikes against ISIL, and the target is one of the militant group's major sources of revenue., Seeing “Made in China” on labels and tags used to be synonymous with China’s reputation as the world leader in manufacturing, but this idea has gradually become outdated as more and more Chinese companies are going overseas themselves., France's top terror suspect Abdelhamid Abaaoud, has been confirmed killed., From G-20 to APEC, global leaders are grappling with the threat of terrorism. Last Friday's deadly Paris attacks are dominating the agenda at global summits, from the recently concluded G-20 meeting in Turkey to the APEC summit in the Philippines. One group took center stage: The Islamic State., It has been nearly three weeks since a Russian passenger jet was brought down in Egypt, and Egypt’s government says it has yet to confirm Russia’s belief and ISIL’s claim that a bomb on board brought down the Metrojet passenger plane. Egypt’s government is ready to work with Moscow to fight terrorism, or so it says., Both the U.S.-backed Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) and the Chinese-backed Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) offer a blueprint for the future of Asia-Pacific growth. While they may have competing ideas about the region, they could end up being complimentary., China has condemned the Islamic State (IS) group for killing a Chinese national, promising a crackdown on terrorism., China's fifth artificially bred panda was released into the wild on Thursday, as conservationists attempt to diversify the genetic pool of the endangered species., Designers tell CCTV's Barnaby Lo how they came up with the look for this year's “barong Tagalog.” Plus check out our photo gallery of fashions over the years at APEC., The alleged mastermind of the Paris attacks, had used Internet social networks to try to recruit women from Spain to join the Islamic State group says Spain's interior minister.  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=96672, The U.S. state of California is facing a harshly changing climate. Record droughts are forcing the state to implement extreme measures to restrict water use., World leaders will gather in Paris to discuss a possible new global agreement on climate change at the end of this month., The Islamic State and other terrorist groups are turning to encrypted messaging services and the so-called dark web to spread their propaganda and possibly plot attacks., He's dead. The Paris prosecutor says that the suspected mastermind of the Paris attacks, Abdelhamid Abaaoud, was killed in a police raid.
Abaaoud’s body was found in an apartment building targeted in the raid in Saint-Denis north of Paris Wednesday. It said he was identified based on skin samples.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/19/french-says-attack-mastermind-was-killed#ixzz3rwROmxpJ 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Nations are coming closer together after the Paris attacks to cooperate in the fight against the Islamic State, but what sort of collaboration could we see in the near future?, Amazon and Alibaba have started the race to make drones, that deliver your mail, a reality. One Singapore organization may be reaching the finish line first., There is defiance following the attacks in Paris that is emerging around the world., Cuban migrants trying to make their way to the United States have been stranded in Costa Rica after Nicaragua closed its border., There was a secret terror campaign in Latin America called “Operation Condor.” In the 1970’s, it led to disappearances, torture and murder., null, Heavy gunfire and explosions rocked a neighborhood in northern Paris. French police stormed an apartment building in search of those responsible for last Friday’s terror attacks., Off the coast of Tanzania lies the breathtaking island of Zanzibar. For half a century, China has been sending teams of doctors there to treat people., null, "It’s not the passion, is the concern, the worry.  When I was 12 years old, I went to swim in a lake, and I almost died in that lake because the water was too deep... About five years ago, I went to that lake again; the total lake was dry.  A lot of people have disease.  The second concern, I have young colleagues died of cancer.  Twenty years ago, very few people have heard about cancer, the word.  But now almost -- most of the families, my friends, they have people have cancers.  So we’ve been working so hard," Jack Ma said when Barack Obama asked why he is so passionate on the environmental protection., APEC family photo features shirts made from silk and pineapple fibers., "It’s too late to complain whose fault (of the pollution).  Whether your fault or my fault, let’s solve the problem together.  It’s the combination -- we're combining the work of government, private sectors, scientists, and sociologists and philanthropists.  We have to work together," said Jack Ma when Barack Obama asked the question on China's environmental protection work., “The Chinese side has taken note of the relevant report and is deeply shocked by that,” China's Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said. “Ever since the Chinese citizen was held hostage by the Islamic State group, the Chinese government has been sparing no effort in rescuing him. We are still verifying the information.", Tourist's satisfaction rate in relation to their trip in China, has dropped by 1.49 percent. The report attributes the decline to the “long lasting hazy and foggy weather across the country.”

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/18/chinas-air-pollution-affects-tourism-in-2014#ixzz3rrS3rC4T 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, The picture showed a yellow can of Schweppes Gold soda and what appeared to be other bomb components., A monitoring group said French and Russian air strikes in northern Syria have killed at least 33 ISIL militants in the last 72 hours and wounded dozens of ISIL members in the latest airstrikes., The “insider” security threat worries a lot of security professionals, especially those in the United States., French police storm apartment in Saint-Denis. #ParisAttacks, For more on how China will lead the G20 nations, CCTV America's Michelle Makori spoke with Dr. Liu Youfa., For more on retail sales this holiday season, CCTV America's Michelle Makori spoke to Burt Flickinger. Flickinger is the Managing Director of Strategic Resource Group., With rising unemployment and inflation eroding salaries, many Brazilians are looking for ways to boost their income. And their looking more and more to starting their own businesses., As Colombia sees a slowdown in its economy, there's talk of mass layoffs in the works, which is fueling a backlash by the country's labor unions., China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs has issued a report on the implementation of decisions made last year at the Asia-Pacific Economic Forum in Beijing. For more on  small businesses development, CCTV America's Phillip Yin joined by Charles Morrison., Drone owners in U.S. will now have to register their aircraft., Terror attacks have killed hundred of victims in major attacks this year, spreading destruction in Kenya, Lebanon, Egypt and most recently France., Hacking group Anonymous declared it's going to war with the Islamic State.In a video declaration, which came out when ISIL used its own video to threaten attacks in Washington, D.C., an anonymous spokesperson wore a Guy Fawkes mask and spoke in French: "We are going to launch the biggest operation ever against you. Expect many cyber attacks. War has been declared.", Bombing terrorist targets in Syria and Iraq will be combined with new laws, and greater cooperation between France and its European partners plus the U.S. and Russia., The United States, Japan and ten other Pacific Rim nations have reached an agreement on the largest regional trade accord in history., See how China's new banknote has changed., Get ready for the panda coming out party in January at the National Zoo!, There was no immediate claim of responsibility but the blast bore the hallmarks of militant Islamist group Boko Haram which has killed thousands over the last six years in its bid to create a state adhering to strict Sharia law in the northeast., “We’ve had for this program for decades. This is a very precious thing," said a senior U.S. official about the U.S. resettlement program., In case you missed our original documentary "On Thin Ice: The People of the North" last Sunday, here's a clip of how an icebreaker ship operates in the Arctic. Learn more: http://onthinice.cctv-america.com/, "We had concrete evidence that someone wanted to set off an explosive device in the stadium,” Hannover police chief Volker Kluwe told German TV., These strawmen and women aren't insubstantial., Two-year-old giant panda Hua Jiao is going to be on her own.  READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=96050, One-third of international students in the US are Chinese, Institute of International Education (IIE) report finds. The majority of Chinese students are in business and management and engineering., The refurbishment of Beijing's Sanyuan Bridge, or Sanyuanqiao started at 11p.m. on Nov.13, 2015. The whole reconstruction process completed within 43 hours. 
Over 1300 tons of new surfacing for the bridge have been transported to the construction site to replace the old surface. 
Sanyuan Bridge is a major overpass on the northeastern stretch of the 3rd Ring Road of Beijing. The Airport Expressway, Jingshun Road (China National Highway 101) and the 3rd Ring Road are interlinked by the vital overpass.  (Video from BTV, text by The CRJENGLISH), The search continues for survivors from the landslide in east China’s Zhejiang Province. 11 still missing. 26 confirmed dead., Putin also ordered the Russian missile cruiser Moskva, currently in the Mediterranean, to start cooperating with the French military on operations in Syria., The latest developments in the investigation into the Paris terrorist attacks., At close of G20 summit, Chinese President Xi Jinping announced at a working lunch that China will host the 2016 G20 summit in the eastern city of Hangzhou on September 4-5., There is a man in Paris who bikes through the street and a piano trailing behind. His name is David Martello which is a man of few words. He lets his music do the talking, while Paris faces deep sorrow after the recent terror attacks., Peru has created a brand new national park called Sierra del Divisor, which is larger than Yellowstone and Yosemite National Parks combined in the United States., Brazil’s economy is shrinking as the country’s manufacturers are among the first, and the worst, hit by the slowdown., The idea of going back to work after a national tragedy can seem overwhelming. Many in France are trying to get back to business as usual but the nation is still grief-stricken., The prospects for migrants reaching Europe are looking slimmer. France has reimposed border controls and it’s not alone., The 2015 APEC summit is being held in Manila. More than a thousand delegates from the business and diplomatic communities are expected to be there., The Heat discusses the latest events in the Paris attacks., Paris attacks recalls previous violence in Spain:
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=95876, The African aviation market has been booming in recent years, attracting a growing number of foreign investors., Beirut's recent double suicide bombing that left dozens dead and hundreds wounded was perpetrated by ISIL affiliates. The militants oppose local Hezbollah support of Bashar el Assad's government in neighboring Syria., The anti-migrant mood from Europe has spread quickly to the United States. Last Sunday Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley announced he is refusing Syrian refugees from relocating to his state., Can China shop it's way out of the middle-income trap?, It was was not possible to immediately verify that the video is authentic. It claims to be the work of Islamic State fighters in the Iraqi province north of Baghdad., “We need to be doing everything we can to protect against attacks and protect our citizens,” U.S. President Barack Obama said.

German Chancellor Angela Merkel added: “We agreed that the challenge can’t just be tackled with military means, but only a multitude of measures.", CCTV America's Owen Fairclough offers a personal account about his beloved former home of Paris., “China holds that joint forces should be formed to fight against terrorism, and that both the symptoms and root causes of the issue should be addressed. Double standards shouldn’t be allowed,” Foreign Minister Wang Yi said., Are victims of terror treated differently depending on where they are from? Check out this analysis:, Police are still searching for Brussels-born Salah Abdeslam, 26., U.S. President Barack Obama speaking at G20 right now: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3NQnB7RsgU

Q from reporter: Have you underestimated ISIL's abilities?
Obama: No. This is why we are in Iraq as we speak and Syria as we speak. It's precisely why we've mobilized 65 countries to go after ISIL... And why we've been putting pressure on those countries that have not been as robust as they need to in tracking the flow of foreign fighters out of Syria and Iraq. There has been an acute awareness from my administration from the start.", People around world have gathered together to mourn the victims of #Paris terror attacks., With France under a state of emergency that gives police special powers, the hunt continued for members of the cell that carried out last Friday’s gun and bomb attacks.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/16/france-carries-out-raids-names-more-potential-attackers#ixzz3rerrtSKA 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, After the terror attacks in Paris, President Francois Hollande said ISIL had committed an 'act of war,' and the French response would be 'merciless.', Chinese President Xi Jinping and his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, on Sunday reaffirmed their commitment to enhancing extensive cooperation between their two countries., Egypt claims it wasn't officially told by Moscow of a ban on EgyptAir flights to Russia., The death toll from a landslide in eastern China's Zhejiang Province has risen to 21, with 16 people still missing., Beijing and its neighboring regions have been smothered by smog for more than a week., Watch "On Thin Ice: The Peoples of the North"  now on CCTV America ,http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, Watch our "On Thin Ice: The Peoples of the North" Sunday, Nov. 15 at 6 pm EST / Monday, Nov. 16 7 am BJT., President Xi Jinping said the Chinese economy is predicted to grow about seven percent this year, which will continue to contribute as high as about one third to the global growth., A French police official says three Kalashnikovs have been found inside a Seat car that was used in the attacks on central Paris.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/15/france-mourns-seeks-clues-to-those-behind-deadly-attacks#ixzz3rZQGjBKn 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Some may look at them as a nuisance. But the paparazzi play an essential role in documenting history and capturing some of the world’s most enduring images in a single moment in time.  And often the pictures they generate go viral., Virtually all of us dream of making the world a better place. Your dream can become a reality with just the click of a mouse., Desperate times are calling for unusual measures in Europe's refugee crisis., With exponentially more power and stronger steel, the ice breaker Umiak I costs three times as much as a typical container ship. But it's not invincible: as the Arctic ice continues to melt, radar and satellite charts have to be constantly updated. 

For more, tune in for "On Thin Ice: The Peoples of the North" Sunday, Nov. 15 at 6 pm EST / Monday, Nov. 16 7 am BJT. http://cctvamericalive.com, One year after writer Matt Stopera had his phone stolen from a New York City bar, mysterious photos of a man, in front of an orange tree, began appearing on his shared photo stream. Stopera is an editor BuzzFeed – a New York-based social news and entertainment company. So, naturally he wrote a story about the mystery man and the orange tree for the BuzzFeed website. Almost instantly, the story went viral. It quickly gained traction on Weibo, China’s answer to Twitter., Photos of how cities around the world are showing support for Paris.   http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/world-lights-up-for-paris, When lifelong athlete Pete Frates’ wrist never recovered from an injury, the diagnosis wasn’t a fracture or even nerve damage, it was ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease. The night of his diagnosis, the then 27-year-old gathered his family and made his mission crystal clear: activism was his new calling., "It’s accepted common knowledge that, despite the fact there are some deniers out there, it’s accepted common knowledge that the arctic ice is diminishing."

For more, tune in for "On Thin Ice: The Peoples of the North" Sunday, Nov. 15 at 6 pm EST / Monday, Nov. 16 7 am BJT. http://cctvamericalive.com, There has been stunned silence in the French capital in the wake of the attacks., Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in the Mediterranean coastal city of Antalya in southwest Turkey Saturday to attend the upcoming G20 summit., World leaders are reacting to the deadliest violence to strike France since World War II., Chinese President Xi Jinping on Saturday expressed the “strongest” condemnation over the series of terror attacks in Paris on Friday night., Decades ago, the area’s caribou — the long-time staple — simply stopped coming to Point Hope, Alaska The Canadian government purchased 3,500 head of reindeer from Alaska more than 80 years ago to help the local population. 

If only fixing all the Arctic’s problems were that easy. For more, tune in for "On Thin Ice: The Peoples of the North" on Sunday, Nov. 15 at 6 pm EST / 7 am Monday BJT. http://cctvamericalive.com, Arctic animals need solid sea ice to live. Sea ice also reflect the sun’s energy — that’s good, acting as a global air conditioner. What’s bad, is as the ice melts sea levels rise, and the ocean’s water absorbs heat and temperatures go up. 
 
For more, tune in for "On Thin Ice: The Peoples of the North" Sunday, Nov. 15 at 6 pm http://cctvamericalive.com, Nine people were confirmed dead and 28 others remained missing after a landslide hit a village in east China's Zhejiang Province on Friday night, local authorities said.  Over 20 homes in Lidong were buried by torrents of mud and rock, and more than 300 people have been evacuated from the village.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/14/east-china-landslide-nine-dead-28-missing#ixzz3rTqoox6J 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, A reporter for the French newspaper Le Monde filmed people fleeing from the Bataclan concert hall after Friday’s terror attacks in Paris. The video captures the horrific moment of the chaos just outside the hall., French President Francois Hollande called the carnage “an act of war that was prepared, organized, planned from abroad with internal help.”

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Our interactive map shows how the coordinated Paris attacks were within a few miles of each other., In 2013, the Rana Plaza textile factory building in Bangladesh collapsed. More than 1,100 workers died. Many others were injured., Whaling season comes to Point Hope, as winter gives way to longer, warmer spring days. It breathes new life into the community, after months of bitter cold, and complete darkness. 

For more, tune in for "On Thin Ice: The Peoples of the North" Sunday, Nov. 15 at 6 pm http://cctvamericalive.com, The latest on what is known about the Paris attacks. 
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=95204, Chinese President Xi Jinping travels to Vietnam and Singapore with regional cooperation and trade high on the agenda., If you are in Paris, let your family and friends know you are safe. Facebook has created a way for you to notify people.   https://www.facebook.com/safetycheck/paris_terror_attacks/, Automatic gunfire and blasts have rung out from the area of a Paris music hall where police say people are being held hostage.

Scores of police are surrounding the Bataclan concert hall, and sirens are wailing throughout the neighborhood.

The gunfire began soon after French President Francois Hollande said security forces were launching an assault on one of several sites targeted in attacks Friday night around Paris. 

MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=95204, The French president has closed the borders around the entire country of France and has declared a state of emergency after the #ParisAttacks 
Right now there is a hostage situation in Paris.
Stay with CCTV America as we keep you updated live on the latest from Paris. http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, Automatic gunfire heard from outside Paris concert hall where attackers holding hostage.  MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=95204, Police official: Around 100 hostages taken at Paris theater; 35 dead. 
Also late Friday, two explosions were heard outside the Stade de France stadium north of Paris during a France-Germany friendly football match.

MORE AT: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=95204
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com, BREAKING: Two police officials say at least 11 people have been killed in shootouts and other violence around Paris., "The ocean is our garden. The animals give us an identity as a people. They’ve been our clothing, our shelter, our food, our spirituality as a people. We’ve been here for thousands of years, hunting and gathering." – Steve Oomittuk

Tune in! We'll be airing "On Thin Ice: The Peoples of the North" Sunday, Nov. 15 at 6 p.m. EST / Monday Nov. 16 at 7 a.m. BJT. 

http://cctvamericalive.com/ 

The people of the Arctic are among the first on Earth to experience the direct impacts of global warming, and it was their compelling stories that prompted CCTV America to produce a documentary about the repercussions of climate change on the people, land, and wildlife of the Arctic., Dong Yaxue, a Chinese researcher working for NASA said she finds great pleasure in both exploring Mars and eating hot pot., The last living “comfort woman” of the 16 Chinese who sued Japan since the 1990s died in North China’s Shanxi province without receiving a sought-after apology from the Japanese government, Shanxi Evening News reported on Friday., Astronomers say they have discovered the most distant object in the solar system. It's estimated to be 10 billion miles from Earth, or about three times farther away than Pluto., As Vincent Asaro hopped into a waiting car, he quipped to one of his lawyers: “Sam, don’t let them see the body in the trunk.”, null, Cameron said targeting Emwazi was “a strike at the heart” of the Islamic State group., CCTV’s Michelle Begue has Insight into a program that’s changing a culture often dominated by men., null, It was a heavily coordinated offensive. U.S.-led coalition forces struck hard overnight from above to pave the way for a ground operation in Sinjar, Iraq for Kurdish forces., It’s going to cost nearly hundred million dollars to stage and take nearly two weeks to complete negotiations – if they succeed. But is there any point to the most important climate change talks for years if they don’t conclude with a legally binding treaty on limiting global warming?, null, With only a short time left before Turkey hands over its G20 presidency to China, leaders are scheduled to meet in southern Turkey Sunday to discuss global economic challenges., null, Europe's refugee crisis is putting a strain on a long-standing European deal that does away with border and passport controls. 800 thousand refugees have entered Europe this year, but some European leaders said they're getting a better handle on the flow of asylum seekers., India is rolling out the red carpet for African leaders in an attempt to build new economic ties with the continent., As Europe's refugee crisis deepens, more border fences are being built and frontier controls are being re-instated. Even Germany has begun to roll back the welcome mat., In Yunnan province in China's southwest, foreign ministers from six countries met along the Lancang-Mekong river for the first time to frame a cooperation mechanism. They agreed to launch significant projects to enhance water resources, public health, poverty alleviation and infrastructure., Each day, workers in Ethiopia have proven they can produce around 7,500 pairs of shoes at the Huajian International Shoe City in Ethiopia. All these women's shoes are exported to the U.S. and European markets under brand names including Guess, MARC FISHER and Nine West., Groberg is the 10th living service member from actions in Iraq or Afghanistan to be awarded the Medal of Honor, the nation’s highest honor for battlefield bravery., Because it's Thursday..., An anonymous buyer purchases Warhol's Mao painting for a record $47.5 million. Some are wondering if the buyer is from China., Massive haze descended across northern China this week when the area’s central heating was turned on., Hundreds of firefighters are taking part in the search effort, but hopes are fading after two iron ore waste dams collapsed last Thursday in the mining state of Minas Gerais. The massive release flooded towns with red mud and cut off drinking water in cities as far as 300 kilometers (186 miles) away., Reform of China's hukou system -- a household registration system used to divide rural and urban permits of where people are allowed to live and work -- was one of the topics discussed during the 13th Five-Year Plan meeting. The reforms especially focus on the country's migrant workers., “It has just gone berserk. It’s unbelievable.” – Peter Bloxham, a Beijing-based importer, to The Guardian., The office of army commander Senior Gen. Min Aung Hlaing said the military will hold talks with Suu Kyi after the election results are complete. She issued an invitation on Wednesday for a meeting with the commander, along with President Thein Sein and House Speaker Shwe Mann., null, It's something many of us take for granted: timely and accurate weather forecasts. Those forecasts are a luxury for many developing countries, but new technology could change that., Mexico wants to make its southern areas more economically viable with the help of a new tax plan, but the question is whether the government will be able to invest what’s needed to bring prosperity in the face of chronic poverty., Pump and dump. It's classic fraud and nothing new on Wall Street but three men indicted on Tuesday have allegedly taken it to a whole new level. The men were charged for hacking 12 financial institutions, including J.P. Morgan., In a country where gender discrimination is widespread, the Southern Mexico town of Juchitan is home to a group of people who break gender definitions and are accepted. Muxes, as they are called, have been accepted by the indigenous Zapotec community., The Colombian government and members of leftist FARC rebels are moving forward with negotiations in Havana to end their 50-plus year conflict., CCTV America held a screening event for its new original documentary "On Thin Ice: The People of the North" at the National Press Club in Washington D.C. Wednesday. 

The full documentary will air on CCTV America Sunday Nov. 15 at 6 p.m. EST in the U.S., and Nov. 16 at 7 a.m. in Beijing.
You can watch live from anywhere at: http://cctvamericalive.com/., In downtown Yangon, there's plenty of evidence that Myanmar's many ethnicities and religions can mix well. In Sule, Yangon's most ethnically and religiously diverse community, trying to spread inter-ethnic harmony across the country will be a big challenge for Myanmar's new government., The islands of Sicily and Lampedusa are on the front line of the migration crisis. At any one time, hundreds of migrants and refugees wait at one of the many reception centers for papers and possible clearance into Europe., Read to see three countries that are leading the worldwide discussion of marijuana legalization., So now that all the shopping is done, the Singles' Day purchases need to be delivered. Some 1.7 million works will deliver 7.6 billion packages, using 200 planes, 5,000 warehouses, and 400,000 vehicles., A top African Union official called the idea "unheard-of" and migration experts said it represents a sign of desperation. At the very least, it will make for heated discussions at a migration summit that began Wednesday in Malta., The message helps remove lingering concerns that the military, which has a large influence over the ruling party, may deny the NLD power, as it did after elections in 1990., China’s largest shopping carnival, Singles' Day, is once again wowing people over the world at China’s consumption capacity, as sales on the TMall platform owned by Alibaba exceeded 30 billion yuan in just 74 minutes since the 24-hour shopping bonanza kicked off.  MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=94230, null, There's been a mixed reaction from Russia to claims that its athletes have been involved in widespread, state-sanctioned doping., The Russian plane tragedy is just another in a string of problems for Egypt’s struggling tourism industry, but this incident is having the biggest impact., During peaceful times in the region, Israel-Palestinian tourism saw returns of a combined average of $5 billion per year. But ongoing violence has many locals fearing a recession may be ahead., People just released from incarceration face an uphill battle. Although they feel they have paid their debt to society in prison and are ready to start their new chapter in life, moving on isn't that easy., It's been more than 15 years since an international treaty aimed at getting rid of landmines was signed. Still, the continued deployment of mines in places like Ukraine and Syria means people, often innocents, continue to be killed and maimed by this cheap weapon of war., CCTV America's new documentary "On Thin Ice: The People of the North" screens in Washington D.C. Watch the full documentary Sunday Nov. 15 at 6 p.m. EST, and Nov. 16 at 7 a.m. Beijing time at: http://cctvamericalive.com/

Get a sneak preview and behind the scenes stories at: http://onthinice.cctv-america.com/, The global summit on climate change in Paris starts in less than 3 weeks, which will run from Nov. 30 to Dec. 11. Ministers from over 60 countries has been in France for three days to hammer out the details of a potential deal., Two troubling climate reports are raising concerns about the pace of climate change and the impact of a warming planet. Scientists said the global temperature rise could reach 1 degree Celsius (33.8 degrees Fahrenheit). That’s the halfway point to what’s seen as a dangerous threshold., After seven years of review and a lot of controversy, U.S. President Barack Obama rejected the proposed Keystone XL pipeline Friday saying it would not serve U.S. national interests., CCTV America's Sean Callebs and Mike Walter speak with Peter Dykstra about changes in Arctic after #OnThinIceDoc screening. Catch the full documentary of "On Thin Ice" Sunday November. 15 at 6 p.m. EST and November 16, 7 a.m. BJT. Get a sneak peak of videos and stories from behind the scenes at http://onthinice.cctv-america.com/

"Think about what all these people have gone through, and now with a tick of the evolutionary clock it can go away..." says Sean Callebs about the impact of climate change on the people in the Arctic.

"We have 4 million people living above the Arctic, but 30 percent of the world's natural resources could be above that imaginary line. People are going to go after those natural resources," he added., The Election Commission continued to release a steady trickle of results, all pointing to an NLD landslide win. That at least helped ease people's concerns that anyone might attempt to rig the outcome., Meet some of the people in #OnThinIceDoc: http://onthinice.cctv-america.com/2015/10/26/the-people-of-on-thin-ice/, "On Thin Ice: The People of the North" is a CCTV America documentary production premiering this week.  

Award-winning documentary journalist Sean Callebs and his crew spent three months in a remote part of the Arctic in an effort to tell a compelling and complex story about the current climate crisis in the region and its global impact. This film focuses on the dire repercussions for the people, land, natural resources and wildlife of the Arctic and the “big picture” impact on the local and world economies.

You can get a sneak peak of videos and stories from behind the scenes at http://onthinice.cctv-america.com/

Catch the full documentary of "On Thin Ice" Sunday November. 15 at 6 p.m. EST and  November 16, 7 a.m. BJT., In August 2012, a group of scientists from the University of Sao Paulo took part in the release of millions of genetically modified mosquitoes in a small town in northeastern Brazil in an experiment to fight the spread of Dengue fever., Screening for CCTV America's "On Thin Ice" will begin shortly. Learn more: onthinice.CCTV-America.com, More than 140 thousand migrants have entered Italy from North Africa this year alone. Europe's leaders plan to meet this week in Malta to once again discuss the ongoing refugee crisis., Recently China’s First Lady Peng Liyuan, wife of Chinese President Xi Jinping, has gained attention after cartoon drawings of her went viral online. The drawings were created by 22-year-old Jia Nan, a recent graduate of Xi’an International Studies University. #PengLiyuan #ChinaFirstLady, Just a few hours until #OnThinIcedoc screening by CCTV America at the National Press Club. Watch the full documentary of "On Thin Ice" Sunday Nov. 15 at 6 p.m. EST, 7 a.m. Beijing time at http://cctvamericalive.com/
Learn more: http://onthinice.cctv-america.com/, What did you get on buy buy buy day??, A soccer training base for teenagers has been set up in Central China’s Henan Province which mingles Chinese martial arts or Kung Fu into soccer training. #KungfuSoccer, Tuesday’s push is a major victory for the government against IS that controls nearly half of Syria., “I am sorry, I want to ask once again, what does it have to do with (double Olympic pole vault champion Yelena) Isinbayeva? How is she related to this corruption level? It is obvious – it’s her last Olympics, why should we deprive her of this start?" – Acting President of the Russian Athletics Federation Vadim Zelichenok, Putin's chief of staff said that it would be impossible to radically revise the nation’s security system in a short time., A new look of China's 100-yuan banknote! 

China’s central bank said on Monday that a new 100-yuan banknote will be put into use from Thursday, November 12. According to officials, counterfeit prevention is at the center of this upgrade, and the design has been updated so that it could be more easily identified as a 100-yuan note., BREAKING: Helmut Schmidt, the chancellor who guided West Germany through economic turbulence and Cold War tensions, stood firm against a wave of homegrown terrorism and became a respected elder statesman, died Tuesday. He was 96., One of the top destinations for Afghan refugees has been Pakistan., Last time Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was in the United States, he mounted a vigorous fight in the U.S. Congress against the U.S. led Iran Nuclear Deal., There's still no definitive word of the cause of the plane crash that killed more than 200 people in Egypt., Turkey's Justice and Development Party won back its majority during elections on November 1st. Moody's ratings agency stated this would reduce near-term political uncertainty, but that many issues remain., The relaxing of China’s decades-old one-child policy is expected to lead to a higher birth rate in coming years and is leaving many companies looking for more business opportunities in the baby market., Cleaner streets and cleaner energy is the goal of some student entrepreneurs from Cameroon., Only a very small portion of the population has bothered to install devices that really make their home any smarter and if they do, it's often just one stand-alone device as opposed to a full-fledged system., Two years ago, Super Typhoon Haiyan struck the Central Philippines with so much power it destroyed entire towns., Today's surprise resignation was the latest in a series of events at the University of Missouri. Learn more here:, U.S. President Barack Obama met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House Monday. It’s the first time the two leaders have met in more than a year., The full documentary “On Thin Ice: The People of the North” airs Sunday Nov. 15 at 6 p.m. EST, Monday Nov. 15 at 7 a.m. BJT., Countries like Saudi Arabia and Iran are watching what they spend as oil prices continue to fall. So, what does the future hold for these so-called petro-economies?, null, For fun, we tried making a version of Vietnamese coffee at the office, using the special filter one of our digital producers picked up while he was in Hanoi, Vietnam. Here’s how it went. (Our apologies in advance to those who are experts at this process.), null, Pandas can say at least 13 different phrases to each other. Here's a sampling: “Gee-Gee” = I’m hungry, “Wow-Wow” = Not happy!, “Coo-Coo” = Nice!, Thanks to everyone for helping us hit 500,000 likes! We hope you continue to share CCTV America posts with your friends. Let us know what type of posts you like the most., Obama: “The security of Israel is one of my top foreign policy priorities.”, null, null, New archeological find shows hot pot was a thing long before the hipsters discovered it. #hotpot, Modi and his BJP have been criticized for not speaking out against religious attacks, saying their silence has encouraged Hindu hard-liners to justify the violence and assert Hindu superiority., The acting chairman of Myanmar’s ruling party, Htay Oo, conceded defeat to the opposition and said he would accept the result., The navies of China and the US held their first-ever joint exercise in the Atlantic, on the southeast region of Mayport in Florida, on Monday., null, Filipinos keep asking where all the aid money was spent, as they continue to recover after a super typhoon hit the country two years ago., Israel's Netanyahu expressed the view that his tensions with U.S. president Obama should not get in the way of strong ties between the U.S. and Israel. 
Observers are calling Netanyahu's latest visit to the U.S. "damage control". And many say violence between Palestinians and Israelis won't stop any time soon., null, The U.S. is in a heated debate over fracking. Environmentalists are trying to stop the practice when and where they can., Observers reported elections in Myanmar's historic vote today went smoothly and peacefully, even though many such as the troubled Rohingya Muslims in the west, weren't allowed to vote and many others were taken off approved voter lists. #MyanmarVotes, Andrew and David Fung, known to their fans as “The Fung Bros“, talk food with Mike Walter. The Fung Bros.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/07/for-the-love-of-food-brothers-find-passion-in-asian-cuisine#ixzz3qqqVRtJd
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, "Last night, I went to bed with anxiety and this morning I woke up and started watching media coverage and it's just that highly symbolic 81 second handshake.(very excited) I felt peace.", The stars of Hell On Wheels Byron Mann and Tzi Ma talk to Mike Walter about "the contribution of the Chinese who basically had a hand in making America what it is today.”  
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=93713
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com, The billionaire founders of Panda Express, Andrew and Peggy Cherng, joined Mike Walter in our Los Angeles studio to discuss the “Panda Way”, the key to their success and their philosophy of putting people before profit. Panda Express

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/07/andrew-and-peggy-cherng-the-panda-express-explosion#ixzz3qqqAYn5w
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com, While break dancing has crossed generations and cultures, it remains one of the most popular forms of dance among urban youth., VIDEO: As air strikes land throughout Syria, the government is focusing on trying to secure Damascus. CCTV's Alaa Ebrahim reports from Darra, where government forces are advancing block-by-block., An outspoken advocate for the LGBT community and victims of bullying, Margaret Cho also serves the homeless in her hometown of San Francisco. 
Credited with bringing the first Korean American family to television, Margaret Cho has simultaneously fought for recognition of the culture and heritage she loves while fighting against its traditional and conservative values.  Margaret Cho

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/06/margaret-cho-comedy-activism-and-growing-up-asian#ixzz3qqnj5Pdx 

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com, Tune in now to watch Full Frame: From Asia, with love. 
From the entertainment industry to food and fashion, Asian Americans are influencing the cultural fabric of the United States on a daily basis.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com, Would you jump? Check out this video. 30 competitors taking part in the 2015 China Anshun Balinghe Bridge International Base Jumping Tournament conducted two rounds of warm-up jumps on Friday in Anshun City of southwest China's Guizhou Province., Our correspondent in Cuba, Michael Voss, goes inside an historic building in Havana under renovation. Watch this story for a sneak peak of the Capitolio before it reopens., We are 1,682 likes from hitting 500,000 fans. If you like getting your news from us at  CCTV America please tell a friend., Spectacular: A fairyland of clouds in east China, Referring to media reports citing Western intelligence sources pointing to the possibility that the plane was brought down by a bomb, Muqaddam said no evidence related to those claims had been provided to his team., It was the first face-to-face exchange and communication between leaders from Chinese mainland and Taiwan since 1949. READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=93832, The financial sector has become a pillar of China-Singapore relations. And they are expected to become even closer, if some new initiatives are finalized during President Xi Jinping’s visit., In Brazil, students are required to take standardized tests to attend college. But prep courses are so expensive that only wealthy students generally take them. Now a tech startup is making them more accessible and affordable., There is still so much to learn about about Mars, despite the fact that it is Earth’s next-door neighbor. One of the biggest questions is about how Mars became the planet it is today., Electric vehicles are arguably better for the environment than traditional cars. But do they appeal to our need for speed. CCTV America’s Rachelle Akuffo reports., President Xi Jinping and Taiwan leader Ma Ying-jeou are scheduled to hold face-to-face talks in Singapore on Saturday. The meeting is hailed as a breakthrough in communication between the leaders., One area where there’s no shortage of jobs in the United States is manufacturing. It’s on the upswing in the U.S. and with baby boomers retiring, millions of openings will need to be filled in the years ahead. For more on U.S. jobs report, CCTV America interviewed Tara Sinclair, Chief economist of Indeed.com., The economic crisis has hit Brazil hard, but movie theaters seem to be an exception., Live Now: Pres. Xi at Nat'l University of Singapore. https://youtu.be/SjDgBfLKiiY, The sixth annual U.S.-China Film Summit took place in Los Angeles this week and it was the biggest one yet., Chinese President #XiJinping will deliver a speech at National University of Singapore soon. Watch Live online: http://bit.ly/20AIHos, Cuban President Raul Castro is in Mexico for his first state visit to the country., The Heat discusses the war against Islamic State, the deadly crash of a Russian passenger jet, China’s new child policy and who will be the next U.S. President., Crews are searching for survivors in southeastern Brazil where two iron ore waste dams burst on Thursday. Dozens are missing and feared dead., Importantly, with regard to issues in the South China Sea, the two sides agreed to effectively implement the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea, and push forward efforts on an agreement on a code of conduct on the basis of negotiations., The suspension, covering all of Egypt, is even more sweeping than that imposed by Britain, which had halted flights to Sharm el-Sheikh only., Keystone XL pipeline will NOT go forward, Obama announces: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/06/ap-sources-obama-administration-nixes-keystone-xl-pipeline, Obama rejects proposal to build Keystone XL pipeline:, null, Asian students will soon be able to get a Juilliard degree without going far from home., The drought on America’s west coast is taking its toll on the dairy industry as around 100 dairy farms now go out of business each year waiting for rain. To survive, some farmers are finding technology to be one of their greatest assets., A futures market exists for most major commodities. It allows producers and users to lock in prices for a future date, while also enabling investors to speculate on the demand and price of everything from orange juice to gold., null, For the first time in 13 years, a Cuban president will make a diplomatic visit to Mexico., The proposed tuition hikes in South Africa sparked outrage and have spearheaded a national conversation about the value of higher education and the access of poor students., The former founder of a secretive Catholic group in Peru is under investigation after allegations surfaced he sexually and physically abused children decades ago., null, On this Sunday’s “Americas Now,” we’ll preview the upcoming documentary “On Thin Ice: The People of the North.” Correspondent Sean Callebs and Director of Photography Andrew Smith made four trips to the Arctic to film “On Thin Ice” and examine the effect of climate change on the region. What they found was a changing way of life for the people and animals living near the Arctic Circle. Take a look at the “Americas Now” trailer and tune in Sunday at 6 pm., null, Haiti authorities say Jovenel Moise (bottom) and Jude Celestin (top) will advance to runoff election for Haiti's presidency, AP reports., NASA's Mars update livestream:, Tune in to NASA's press conference about #mars  right now: ustream.tv/nasahdtv, From zinc dust to railway sleepers to live eels: what's in the 30 chapters of the just-released #TPP., The pagoda, with the height of 83.7 meters (about 275 feet), was damaged in an earthquake in 1884, but renovation did not start until a century later because of difficulty finding materials and recreating old techniques., Ahmed Adeeb is the second vice president to be impeached in three months. He has been arrested for allegedly planning to kill President Yameen Abdul Gayoom in an explosion on his speedboat on Sept. 28. Adeeb has denied involvement in the blast., EU autumn economic forecasts show that based on current migrant entries, arrival rates for migrants are unlikely to slow before 2017., Photos: President #XiJinping speaks at the welcome banquet held by Vietnamese Communist Party chief Nguyen Phu Trong. #XiVisit 
Photo: Xinhua, Photos: Chinese President #XiJinping and his wife arrive in #Vietnam for a 2-day visit. #XiVisit #XiVisit #ChinaVietnam, Leaders of China and Vietnam agreed Thursday to limit their differences and maintain peace and stability, as the two neighbors attempt to repair ties strained over territorial disputes in the South China Sea.

Chinese President #XiJinping received a rare 21-gun salute before he and Vietnamese Communist Party chief Nguyen Phu Trong headed for talks behind closed doors. #XiVisit #ChinaVietnam, Why is China forbidden fruit for social media firms right now?, Activision, a top video game publisher in the United States, recently announced it would be acquiring the mobile mega-hit Candy Crush Saga maker King Digital Entertainment for $5.9 billion., null, The massive loss in value to Brazil’s money could be a good thing for the country’s clothing makers., null, In early November, a first: Three Chinese ships docked on the east coast of the U.S. Here’s why that matters., null, The International Monetary Fund is expected to give China's yuan the all clear to be included in the lender's basket of currencies known as the Special Drawing Rights or SDR., Water conservation has always been a global issue. One Colombian is getting international attention off an innovative way of making sure the rain doesn’t go to waste., The United States is the leader in world incarceration. Despite only having about 5 percent of the world’s people, the country’s prisoners encompasses almost 25 percent of the world’s total prison population., Brazil's meat industry called the World Health Organization's recent findings linking processed meat to cancer alarmist, especially since the country is the world's second largest exporter of beef., null, null, null, Learn more about the most illegally-traded mammal in the world..., In Moscow, the Russian Foreign Minister and the U.N.'s Special Envoy to Syria meet to discuss how to stop the extreme unrest throughout Syria., Xi Jinping and Ma Ying-jeou will salute each other in their historic meeting on Saturday in Singapore, marking a breakthrough in face-to-face exchange and communication between the two leaders across the Taiwan Strait after hardships and twists since 1949., China making big advances in their science and exploration programs., Although IS claimed responsibility, they didn't say how they did it. 

And experts say the militants lack the sophisticated arms needed to shoot down a plane at cruising altitude., Thirty refugees left Greece for Luxembourg on Wednesday, the first from Greece under a new EU relocation plan but only a minuscule fraction of the hundreds of thousands of asylum-seekers who have entered Greece this year., Following an explosion on his speedboat and the discoveries of a homemade bomb near his residence and a weapons cache, the president of the Maldives declared a state of emergency on Wednesday that sharply curtails citizens’ rights for 30 days., Britain said Wednesday it was concerned that a Russian airliner that crashed in Sinai may have been brought down by a bomb, prompting it to temporarily suspend flights from Egypt's Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh.

"While the investigation is still ongoing we cannot say categorically why the Russian jet crashed. But as more information has come to light, we have become concerned that the plane may well have been brought down by an explosive device," the office of Prime Minister David Cameron said in a statement., Authorities say a suspect stabbed five people on a university campus in central California before police shot and killed him., The Ralls/Sany company  dismissed its lawsuit against the U.S. and the U.S. government has also dismissed it's pending enforcement suit against Ralls. Under the settlement, Ralls can sell its properties to a third-party purchaser and the U.S. says publicly that it has no national security objections to the company., “I’m handing in my mandate, I’m resigning, and implicitly my government too.” – Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta announced the resignation of his government Wednesday following huge protests in the wake of a nightclub fire that killed more than 30 people., null, The latest United Nations figures report more than 218,000 people made a dangerous haphazard journey to Europe by sea last month in order to escape conflict zones in places like Syria., CCTV America interviewed Angus Deaton after he found out he’d won the Nobel prize for economics., For the first time, three Chinese ships are docked on the east coast of the U.S., Brazil's meat industry called the World Health Organization's recent findings linking processed meat to cancer alarmist, especially since the country is the world's second largest exporter of beef., The Denver attack led in part to a law that banned the immigration of Chinese laborers to the U.S., null, Chinese President Xi Jinping and Taiwan’s leader Ma Ying-jeou will meet in Singapore on November 7.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com, International talks on the Syrian crisis are to resume within two weeks after a first round in Vienna last Friday.The United Nations is brokering the talks as leaders from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia and several other countries, including for the first time Iran try to find an end to the bloodshed., Developers of China's answer to GPS that the Beidou Navigation Satellite System, say they are now working to expand from the Asia-Pacific region to all around the globe., “We will resolutely respond to deliberate provocation from any country." – Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying at a press briefing, Leaders of the two countries issued a joint statement on holding global warming to a 2-degree Celsius temperature rise by the end of this century:, The proposal will be considered by the National People's Congress in March 2016., What is the happiest job in the world? A panda nanny!
Follow more panda news on CCTV America: http://www.cctv-america.com/category/pandas
Video credit: iPanda, BREAKING NEWS: Taiwan leader Ma Ying-jeou and Chinese President Xi Jinping are said to meet in Singapore on Saturday, Nov. 7, Taiwan's  Central News Agency reported on Tuesday. 
Beijing has not yet confirmed the meeting.  
When asked by Taiwan media, Ma Xiaoguang, the spokesperson for Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council said the mainland is “positive, open and consistent” about the meeting.
Photo: CFP, “If you need to sift through the sand where the remains or pieces of the fuselage could be, do it.” – Alexander Agafonov, head of the Russian rescue mission in Egypt. Emergency Situations Minister Vladimir Puchkov said the site “should be studied centimeter by centimeter.”, Pangolins are subject to smuggling, as their meat is considered a delicacy and their scales are believed to have medicinal qualities. Pangolins are a protected species in China., VIDEO: Would you do it? Wingsuited daredevils jump off mountain almost 2 miles high. MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=92662, null, null, null, Australia’s healthcare sector is poised to capitalize on China’s rising demand for quality healthcare., It’s been three years since diplomatic tensions ended trilateral talks between China, the Republic of Korea and Japan., The ruling party in Turkey has secured a majority in parliament after the second national election in five months. President Recep Tayyip Erodgan said the victory reflected the desire for stability., The hot spot has recently shifted to the West Bank town of Hebron., 224 people were killed in a Russian jet crash in Egypt and the bodies of 144 of them have been flown back to St. Petersburg., Good luck to CCTV America digital media rock star Anishaa Kumar. We'll miss you!, According to the United Nations, the Taliban is now fighting for power in more areas in Afghanistan than has been seen since the U.S. invasion took place in 2001., Europe’s refugee crisis was exposing deepening divisions inside Germany’s government. This weekend, talks on the issue ended without agreement, even as the United Nations warned record numbers of people were continuing to cross into Europe. Regional governments were scrambling to find whatever space they could, including a Nazi-era airport., The Formula One Grand Prix series arrived in Mexico on Sunday., What were DC folks doing for Halloween over the weekend? Read the article "How the world tricks or treats" to learn more about Halloween: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/10/30/how-the-world-tricks-or-treats, Chinese President Xi Jinping and visiting French President Francois Hollande agreed to further open up new prospects for bilateral friendly cooperation during their meeting on Monday in Beijing., A model of China's #Martian probe will debut on Tuesday in Shanghai. The golden model is a third of its real size.
China's astronomers have set their sights on the Red Planet following a successful soft landing on the moon late last year. They plan to launch the probe in 2020. #Mars, The first made-in-China large commercial aircraft, C919, rolled off production lines on Monday, following 7 years of design and assembly. This comes as China has stepped-up efforts in achieving a domestically made “big plane” fleet.
With a capacity for 168 passengers, the C919 aims to challenge the dominance of the Airbus A320 and Boeing 737 in the market for planes with more than 100 seats., Exclusive: Watch the assembly of China’s ‘big plane’ C919 in 140 seconds!, The China-made #C919 aircraft rolls off assembly lines on Monday in Shanghai, marking a milestone beginning for China in its bid to make large passenger aircraft domestically.
With a capacity for 168 passengers, the C919 aims to challenge the dominance of the Airbus A320 and Boeing 737 in the market for planes with more than 100 seats., Firefighters of north China's Zhangjiakou in Hebei Province, rescued three people in a tricycle stuck in the middle of a raging river on Friday. 
The three people were trapped in the tricycle for almost one hour before the firefighters arrived, shivering in the cold wind and freezing river. Firefighters approached the tricycle along several ropes and helped the people walk to the bank one by one., “I’m pretty convinced that ISIS doesn’t have a ‘double-digit’ SAM (surface-to-air missile) that is necessary to go up as far as 31,000 feet... That’s a very serious piece of equipment, and I don’t think they have that sophistication.” –– British military analyst Paul Beaver, who said the crash was most likely caused by a bomb on board., First made-in-China large commercial aircraft, C919, rolled off production line Monday, following 7 years of design and assembly, as a stepped-up efforts in achieving the “big plane” project., French President Francois Hollande hopes to use a state visit to China to boost difficult climate negotiations, a month before a U.N. conference in Paris aimed at slowing global warming., Alex Quesada photographs Latin America’s leaders and lifestyle

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/01/alex-quesada-photographs-latin-americas-leaders-and-lifestyle, Charles King: King of Champeta

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/01/charles-king-king-of-champeta-2, An adoptee who found her biological family in Colombia, helps others

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/01/an-adoptee-who-found-her-biological-family-in-colombia-helps-others, CMAX: A safe housing solution for those displaced by natural disaster

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/01/cmax-a-safe-housing-solution-for-those-displaced-by-natural-disaster, Scores of Central American migrants living in limbo in Mexico

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/11/01/scores-of-central-american-migrants-living-in-limbo-in-mexico, The trilateral cooperation mechanism consisting of China, Japan and South Korea is restored on Sunday with the resumption of the leaders’ meeting after a three-and-half-year suspension due to heightened regional tensions., A multinational team of aviation experts and search and rescue personnel converged on a remote area in #Egypt's Sinai Peninsula on Sunday where a Russian airliner crashed.

They were trying to recover the bodies of the 224 victims and find clues in the debris to determine what caused the Airbus 321-200 to suddenly fall from 31,000 feet on Saturday.

The plane crashed 23 minutes after it took off from Egypt's Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh on Saturday morning, bound for St. Petersburg in Russia., CCTV America's documentary Reinventing Cuba will be on WCNY  at 2 pm, Sunday.
Find more about the stories about baseball, art, entrepreneurship and medicine in #Cuba, read here: http://cuba.cctv-america.com/
Where to Watch WCNY if you live in New York: http://www.wcny.org/television/where-to-watch/, Two rafts inspired by Thor Heyerdahl's Kon-Tiki voyage are about to set off from Peru., Tens of thousands of Israel gathered to mark 20 years since the assassination of Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin., 224 people are dead after a Russian airliner crashed Saturday in central Sinai., What do science, technology, engineering and math have in common with the art of dance? On the surface – not much., Brianna Wu is a video game developer and gaming aficionado who credits Princess Peach from “Super Mario Brothers Two” for sparking her passion for games. She says playing the female character made her realize equality was necessary in the gaming world., While no one thing is causing a lack of women in the gaming industry, there are efforts being made to find a better gender balance. It includes empowering girls and young women to take leadership roles as content producers and designers and giving them better access to opportunities in tech-related careers., The global video game market is exploding! Financial experts say it will reach more than $110 billion in 2015. Growth and profits are predicted to only increase in the coming years. Gaming journalist Maddy Myers has her finger on the pulse of the gaming industry., Retired gamer Lilian Chen, also known as the nickname “Milktea” in the gaming world, started playing Super Smash Brothers Melee when she was just a kid. She liked it so much she decided to start competing. While just 17 years old, she became one of the few females traveling to competitions and conventions. Lilian Chen not only liked the competition, she liked the community, too., In China, over 30 million migrant children are facing an uphill struggle to attain an education., The biggest event in “E-Sports” has just wrapped up., A building collapse in central China's Henan Province on Friday afternoon has left 17 workers dead and 23 injured, said government sources late night on Friday., Exact numbers on how human trafficking is plaguing country after country are hard to come by. That’s because victims of human trafficking often suffer in silence., 30 million people around the world this weekend will connect to a game they are fanatical about, and that game is the League of Legends. Gamers who’re part of this phenomenon will face off in a championship finale in Berlin., China has beaten the U.S. to the middle-class post by a wide margin, with 109 million Chinese individuals fitting into the much-desired wealth bracket, compared to 92 million in the US, according to Credit Suisse. So who are the people who have brought such sweeping changes to the word’s second-biggest economy? It turns out they have some problems too., Taking advantage of Germany's new "Industry 4.0" initiative, China is looking to do deals with the European manufacturing giant. According to the "Made In China 2025" plan, China is beginning to shift its industrial structure from original equipment manufacturing to focusing more on developing its own proprietary products., California has had water use restrictions in place for some time now after severe drought has plagued that U.S. state, but some believe the focus is too intense on controlling supply instead of creating supply., The people of New Zealand are once again in the grip of rugby fever after their home side, the All Blacks, made it through to the Rugby World Cup final against Australia this weekend., German Chancellor Angela Merkel is in China to renew ties with one of the EU’s most important trading partners.
Merkel arrived in Beijing this week for her eighth state visit in 10 years – more than any other Western leader., Across the world, many young teenagers are still figuring out what they want to be when they grow up, but there are some exceptionally-gifted children at that age who, believe it or not, have already graduated from university., The e-commerce market is really booming in China, and one traditional Chinese commodity could become a big part of the products that are selling online., The Communist Party of China announced the new policy on Thursday, triggering wide discussion among the public. While most people are applauding the new policy, some have concerns., Sanctions imposed on Tehran may have put a stranglehold on Iran’s economy, but it has also opened the door for local start-ups to come up with their own successful hi-tech companies., It's not exactly School House Rock (https://youtu.be/FFroMQlKiag) -- but this is how plans are made in the Chinese government:, A style of Afro-Colombian music that was developed in the 1980’s in Colombia’s port city of Cartagena, is still wildly popular with young people in the country today. It’s called Champeta. This Sunday on “Americas Now” we’ll introduce you to the man who could be called the King of Champeta, Charles King. He is this week’s Urban Voice. Tune in at 6 pm Sunday night and you could catch “Champeta Fever” too., A year ago an estimated 65,000 Central Americans fled the violence in their homelands to make a dangerous journey seeking safety in the United States. But a year later, overloaded immigration courts in the U.S. have caused a crackdown at the border. Now, scores of Central Americans migrants are now stranded and living in limbo in Mexico. Watch the report from Correspondent Mike Kirsch. This Sunday at 6 pm on “Americas Now.”, Your comments about the #TwoChildPolicy., Worth $1.59B, China is now Cuba's No. 2 trade partner after Venezuela. Check out our documentary, Reinventing Cuba:, Iran’s Foreign Minister Mohammad-Javad Zarif is heading Iran’s delegation in Friday’s meeting in Vienna, and upon his rival, Zarif said “without Iran’s participation (in the talks), there would be no reasonable and logical solution to the Syrian issue,” according to state IRIB TV., The deployment marks the first time U.S. troops will be working openly on the ground in Syria., Polanski’s attorneys argued Friday that the U.S. request has legal flaws and said the filmmaker already served a prison term under a deal with a Los Angeles judge. “This is not about justice or the interest of the victim,” attorney Jan Olszewski said., Learn how the world celebrates Halloween. How will you celebrate the holiday?, Amateur videos posted on the Internet showed gruesome images of bodies strewn among wreckage and young men sprawled on the ground of what appears to be a market. Pools of blood and flames could be seen as people cried for help., Senegal wants its wines to be in your local shop, alongside the French, Spanish, and New Zealand vino., It isn’t easy to start life over an ocean away from home, in a country with a different language and culture.

CCTV America’s Michelle Begue follows one refugee in Colombia who is using his memories of home to rebuild his life., Over the last few years there’s been significant growth in the amount of mental health medicines dispensed by the Sao Paulo public health system., As there was no major breakthrough in solving the Syrian crisis during a meeting in Vienna a week ago, foreign ministers of Russia, the US, Saudi Arabia and Turkey agreed to hold another meeting this week on Thursday and Friday, with a broader participation of regional and key countries., An art fair is running parallel to the first-ever World Indigenous Games taking place in Palmas, Brazil. The area is a remote and is a rare opportunity for native people from around the world to showcase the beauty and the color of their different crafts., South Africa produces some of the world’s best wines. But in sub-Saharan Africa, wine production and consumption has never really taken off. A little vineyard in Senegal is aiming to change all that., For more on new credit card technology, CCTV America’s spoke with Yinzhi Cao. He’s an assistant professor of Computer Science and Engineering at Lehigh University in Pennsylvania., Social media reactions to China's decision to allow couples to have two children. For more coverage head to www. cctv-america.com, The European Parliament has given the green light to ban mobile phone roaming charges across the 28-country bloc starting in mid 2017., Chinese leaders meet in Beijing to review strategy and map out economic and social policies for the next five years., Our gift to you on America's National Cat Day: the word for Panda in Mandarin -- 熊猫-- translates as "bear cat."

You're meowcome :)

Check out all our panda coverage at http://www.cctv-america.com/category/pandas, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang suggested establishing an intergovernmental mechanism to coordinate development strategies between China and Germany. These suggestions were made during his talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Thursday in Beijing., null, China's 2020 goal: to double its 2010 GDP and per-capita income of both urban and rural residents.
Moreover, China will lift 70 million the people out of poverty in five years, according to ta communique released on Thursday following a key meeting of the Communist Party of China (#CPC)., Nearly 60 thousand people are gathering in San Francisco to attend one of the city's largest tech conferences: Oracle OpenWorld. The data storage and infrastructure giant is unveiling its strategy for the future and it's all about the cloud., What do you think of China's new #TwoChild policy?, China's one-child policy becomes a two-child policy., CCTV America’s Franc Contreras spoke with the former president inside the detention center where he is being held., For the first time, every U.S. doctor who treats children is being asked to do something about obesity., #BREAKING: China abandons one-child policy, allows two kids for all couples. according to a communique released on Thursday following a key meeting of the Communist Party of China., A new trend is gaining popularity in Germany, where several companies are now asking retired employees to come back to work., One area where there’s no shortage of jobs in the United States is manufacturing. It’s on the upswing in the U.S. and with baby boomers retiring, millions of openings will need to be filled in the years ahead., A young rocket propulsion enthusiast in Cape Town South Africa has an innovative design for a new rocket system that was chosen by the International Astronautical Federation., The week began badly for Volkswagen as Toyota took its spot as the world's biggest selling automaker. The German automaker suffered its first loss in 15 years as the cost of its emissions cheating scandal starts to hit home. For more on Volkswagen's Q3 earnings report, CCTV America's Karina Huber spoke to Lauren Fix. She is an automotive analyst., The U.S. Federal Reserve has decided to maintain interest rates at near zero for now., In recent years, Indonesia has emerged as one of the next big markets in tech attracting many big Internet companies, including those from China. This growing sector has been dubbed the next big thing., Wealth distribution is expected to be a key issue when the Party’s leaders meet for a draft of the country’s next Five-Year Plan., null, CCTV’s Hu Chao went to one village in north China’s Shanxi Province to find out how the E-commerce was doing there., Thousands of Central American citizens have embarked on a long journey to the United States, trying to live a different life., British Prime Minister David Cameron has promised to hold a referendum before the end of 2017 that will allow British voters to decide if the UK should continue as a member of the European Union., The U.N. General Assembly approved overwhelmingly a resolution calling for an end to the U.S. trade embargo against Cuba., The Pakistani government was under pressure to get relief supplies to those affected by Monday's earthquake, but many remained unreachable., Cities across China and the world are working on ways to capture and use rainwater in times of need., The United States is taking an “absurd and even hypocritical position” to ask others not to militarize the region while itself is sending military vessels there so frequently, said Cui Tiankai, the Chinese ambassador to U.S.. #SouthChinaSea, Bullying is a problem around the world. About 1 in 3 children say they’ve been bullied. While there have been strides made thanks to awareness of the problem, cyber-bullying is a growing problem which makes it harder than ever for victims. A new app adopted in schools across the U.S. is helping to make it easier to report cyber bullying., CCTV America’s Stephen Gibbs has more on the economy’s impact on the sport and its fans., In the coming three years, China will allocate between 400 million and 600 million yuan annually to the pilot cities for infrastructure building., The two-day event will include a keynote address by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon. Some of those in attendance are offering a bleak outlook for the future., Shanghai recently announced plans to become a smart manufacturing center, and introduced policies aimed and helping to make it possible., Tech has been on a tear recently and today Alibaba and Apple shares gained on the back of earnings from Microsoft, Amazon and Google’s parent company Alphabet., The UN voted to condemn the U.S. embargo against Cuba. Only two nations voted against the resolution: the U.S and Israel., Brazil's economic slowdown is hitting the country's big cities hard., Beijing is accusing Washington of provocation, threatening Chinese sovereignty and taking sides in territorial disputes in the South China Sea., Nearly two billion adults worldwide are overweight or obese and experts say that number will continue to expand.
Millions of children are also carrying extra pounds and the extra burden to their health and lifestyle. Heart disease and diabetes are on the rise, and it’s especially hard on developing economies., null, China's population is aging, which will impact on the ability of the economy to remain vibrant in the future if left unaddressed. Many are expecting a second-child policy to be discussed at the Plenary Session, as part of the next 5-year-plan., “We believe the exact numbers are much higher because not all people bring the bodies to the hospitals so there are many that are not being counted. And there are still areas we don’t have access to so we are not aware of the situation there.” -- Qameruddin Sediqi, an adviser to Afghanistan's public health minister., The #CPC's 18th Central Committee has been gathering in Beijing for the fifth plenary session from Monday to Thursday. Topping the agenda is the #13thFiveYearPlan, or "#shisanwu" (in Chinese), which maps the government's main economic and development initiatives for the period from 2016 to 2020. 
The video was created by the Fuxinglushang animation studio., 46-year-old Jimmy Morales easily won Sunday’s run-off with about 68 percent of the vote., Daniel Scioli, backed by the Kirchner government, was considered the front-runner in many polls. But he narrowly edged out opposition leader Mauricio Macri by just two percent., Independent Enrique Peñalosa, who was the mayor 14 years ago, won Sunday’s elections., Millions of Haitians cast their votes in Presidential and legislative elections in Haiti on Sunday. Results, however, are not expected for at least a week., null, Foreign startups hoping to succeed in mainland China are finding it harder to do so., UEFA General Secretary Gianni Infantino has entered the running just hours before the deadline., Makers of agricultural machinery such as tractors and combines are finding a rare growth opportunity in China despite a sharp slowdown in the world’s No 2 economy., The top two candidates will face a run-off election in December to succeed incumbent leader Michel Martelly., Thousands of young men have joined ISIL, the terrorist group spreading throughout parts of the middle east. They’re hoping to find something promising, however the reality is extremely different, which causes more and more members to defect., The Chinese communist party is holding a key meeting to figure out a development blueprint for the next 5 years. The 13th five-year plan will be an important document that guides the country’s economic and social development., Heavy snow has blanketed a large swath of north China on Monday, Oct 26th, disturbing traffic but bringing beautiful winter scenery., The first batch of live beef cattle China imported from Australia will be on market soon after being processed at a slaughterhouse in southwest China’s Chongqing Municipality., Chinese President Xi Jinping welcomed King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands in Beijing on Oct. 26. This is the king's first state visit to China since he ascended to the throne in April 2013., Some (seriously cute) photos of panda cubs at China’s Giant Panda Protection and Research Center were unveiled on Oct. 25., Students who are caught cheating during exams or hiring surrogates to take tests for them could be sentenced to up to 7 years in prison., We already knew red and processed meats were linked to death from the likes of heart disease and diabetes. 

Now, cancer is also a concern., The world's first 3D blood vessel bio-printer, which makes it possible to produce personalised functional organs, has been developed by a Chinese company. #3Dprint #bioprinter #3DBloodVessel, A 7.5-magnitude earthquake in northern Afghanistan shook buildings from Kabul to Delhi, cutting power and communications in some areas. More than 100 were killed, mainly in Afghanistan and Pakistan., Cute Alert! Photos of panda cubs at China's Giant #Panda Protection and Research Center were unveiled on Sunday. 
A record 23 pandas have survived so far this year after being born using artificial insemination techniques, the world’s largest artificial breeding center for pandas announced Thursday.
A total of 26 panda cubs were born, including nine pairs of twins and one born to Mei Xiang at Smithsonian’s National Zoo and Conservation Biology Institute of the United States, according to the China Conservation and Research Center for the Giant Panda (CCRCGP).
Photo: CFP, Thousands of people take part in the ten-day celebration which features colorful costumes, painted faces, and parades. There is also much music and dancing and finally fireworks., Susana Baca has captivated music fans around the globe with her soulful, folkloric music., It is now over five years since the disastrous 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico oil that contaminated waters from Florida and Alabama, to Louisiana and Mississippi and devastated fishing industries like the oyster business., An institute started by a renowned chef in Sao Paulo Brazil is preparing more than just meals. Through her classes, she’s serving students ample helpings of confidence as well., null, Guatemala is Central America’s most populous country and has one of the youngest populations in Latin America.  Its proximity to Mexico makes it an attractive base for drug and human trafficking., In Guatemala, voters have been casting their ballots in a presidential runoff election., Have you ever heard of car racing powered by electricity? This weekend in Beijing, thousands of viewers went to see electric car racing in the circuit’s first stop of the year., The U.S. House of Representatives voted to freeze hundreds of millions of dollars in Palestinian aid money in order to pressure Palestinian leaders into helping end the latest cycle of violence between Israelis and Palestinians. Palestinian leaders say the U.S. government is missing the point., Buddhists in China are embracing technology to reach followers. It’s an approach that’s bridging the gap between old and new., More than one third of China’s population will be past the age of 60 by 2050. That’s an issue the fifth plenary session of the 18th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China will examine as it considers its 13th five-year plan., Watch Americas Now, Sunday at 7 p.m. eastern or 7 a.m. Beijing time on CCTV America. You can also watch via your web-connected device at:
www.cctvamericalive.com, The forum has been co-held by the non-government organizations of both countries, in a bid to improve the political relations through public diplomacy., While the European Union tackles the continuing refugee crisis, aid groups are growing increasingly concerned that EU development funding could be cut to below nine billion euros – a red line in their eyes., The first World Indigenous Games are under way in Brazil. The 10-day competition, involving more than 2,000 athletes, represents some of the world’s oldest, and most-endangered civilizations., Cuba has launched a long term initiative to monitor and protect shark populations around its shores, a move that comes after two years of collaboration with the U.S.-based Environmental Defense Fund., She began her lifelong activism at only 4, writing to then-President George H.W. Bush and asking that he outlaw cruelty to animals., “I never would’ve imagined myself lobbying on Capitol Hill for our environment.”, “Ever since I started collecting trash, I’ve had a hard time just enjoying the gorgeous ocean.”, As part of one of the most legendary families in deep-sea diving and exploration, the Cousteau family has devoted three generations to combating threats to the health of the world’s oceans., Urban sprawl in the modern era has been associated with a number of negative environmental and public health threats.
But it's also made some positive impacts., A poll by a leading Guatemalan newspaper, Prensa Libre, puts television comedian, Jimmy Morales, ahead of the other contender by more than 35 percentage points. The 46-year-old candidate of the National Convergence Front has never held elected office., Faith was 7 months pregnant when she started to feel sick in the middle of the night. She suffered diarrhea and vomiting, and was worried she would lose her baby. Living in a remote community, she couldn’t get to a health facility. But, thankfully, professional help was just a phone call away., Haiti has long been portrayed as a country that is almost impossible to govern. But that doesn’t mean there’s any shortage of volunteers., At the start of 2014 the UNHCR estimated that more than 51 million people were uprooted worldwide, a number that grows annually., More than 300 landmarks across 55 countries were illuminated, from Australia’s Sydney Opera House to the Peace Palace in the Hague, from Jordan’s ancient city of Petra to Egypt’s pyramids of Giza, from Singapore’s Super Trees to the Great Wall of China., Experts said the crisis is one of the toughest tests the U.N. has ever faced, and Turkey is a key partner in managing the crisis – currently hosting more than 2.5 million refugees., The front runner in Argentina's presidential election is Daniel Scioli, President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner’s hand picked successor., Cuba has launched a long term initiative to monitor and protect shark populations around its shores., Eyeglasses have been around for more than 700 years, yet hundreds of millions of people across the world suffer from low vision, most of which can be easily prevented or corrected with eyeglasses. Many of these people don’t have access to eyeglasses., With Chinese President Xi Jinping heading to Manchester on the latest leg of his State Visit to the U.K., both sides are already cooperating on ways to further develop the game and cultivate new fans., The U.S. airline Jet Blue has announced it will be doubling the number of flights to Haiti next year because of increased demand. Haiti is one of the world’s poorest nations and still recovering from a catastrophic earthquake in 2010., Brazil’s fashion industry remains vibrant as its most prominent designers show off their latest collections., When Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif arrived in Washington for his first visit in two years there was much to talk about., On Oct. 24th, the United Nations turns 70, but as it celebrates this milestone, the organization finds itself in a time of great uncertainty., Russian and U.S. diplomats have met face-to-face for the first time since Moscow’s air campaign in Syria began last month., One day in June, Angel Escalante never returned from his school in Guatemala City. Correspondent Harris Whitbeck tells us what happened to him in his report about the Gangs of Guatemala and the Children of Violence. Sunday at 7 pm on “Americas Now.”, The songs of Peru's Susana Baca have been described as a blend of music and poetry. But she is also part of the nation's political history. She's one of the only Afro-Peruvians to be appointed to the country's cabinet. Learn more about her this Sunday at 7 pm on "Americas Now." "Urban Voices.", The "Wicked Bible" that promotes adultery is up for auction in London. 

In a 1631 printing of the Christian Bible, a missing word led to it being dubbed a Sinner's Bible -- in the Ten commandments of the Old Testament, a misprint leads the famous line to incorrectly read "Thou shalt commit adultery" instead of "thou shalt not" -- as in "thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not kill," etc. 

According to the auction site Bonhams, "when the printing error was discovered, about a year later, Barker and Lucas were summoned by order of King Charles I to the Star Chamber, where they were found guilty, fined £300 and deprived of their printing license. The entire impression of 1,000 copies was at once called in and the majority cancelled and burned. The number known to remain is certainly small: ESTC lists 9 copies and 5 have appeared at auction in the post war period."

Interested? Current bids are $15,000 – $23,000., This 88-meter-long glass bridge, suspended above a picturesque valley, offers not only an adrenaline rush from the jaw-dropping height but also a spectacular view of the red autumn leaves., Before dawn on Friday, another bomber had killed 15 people in an explosion at a mosque in northeastern Maiduguri city., Mexico braces for monster Patricia, strongest hurricane ever in the west: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=90448, A visit to Buckingham Palace, a state dinner, speech at Parliament, economic agreements and soccer selfies. A busy trip to the U.K. concluded.  #XiJinping  #XiUKVisit, The property was sold to Chinese tycoons Wang Hua and his wife Xiaoyan “Kylie” Bao via real estate agency Kay & Burton in September 2013. Just two months later Wang applied to the Stonnington city government for a permit to tear down the mansion., The People’s Bank of China said that it was lowering the one-year benchmark bank lending rate by 25 basis points to 4.35 percent, effective Oct. 24., Chinese park staff dressed up as zombies, welcoming Halloween
Staff members in Window of the World, a theme park of replicas of global landmarks in Changsha, Hunan Province, were dressed up as zombies to welcome visitors as Halloween is approaching on the last day of October.
Visitors also can bungee jump with these disguised zombies, according to the park., With maximum sustained winds near 200 mph (325 kph), Patricia is  a monster Category 5 hurricane, the strongest storm ever recorded in the eastern Pacific or in the Atlantic., Football photo? Soccer selfie? President #XiJinping and Prime Minister David Cameron take a selfie with Manchester City FC player Sergio Kun Aguero.  READ MORE: http://china.cctv-america.com/?p=2035, Can't leave the U.K. without hitting a pub for a pint. #XiUKVisit    #XiJinping, Some encouraging news on the state of global hunger from the U.S.-based International Food Policy Research Institute.
It released its yearly “Global Hunger Index” this month, finding a 27 percent decrease in the level of hunger in developing countries since the year 2000. It also highlights what it calls an “unheralded achievement” of the past 50 years: an end to “calamitous” famines, those that kill more than one million people., Footage released recently by a jewelry store in China’s Guangdong Province shows that around midnight on October 19, two thieves broke through the store’s wall and stole almost all of the merchandise., But unlike the Europeans, American card issuers are only requiring a signature with the chip cards nor a Personal Identification Number (PIN)., null, Up until recently, Happy Birthday came with a price if it was used in commercial television, movies or public events. That’s because music company Warner Chappell claimed to own the copyright, but guess what, it didn’t., A technology revolution is taking over some U.S. farms with farmers adopting robots, data analytics and mobile apps to help them grow more food., The Mayor of Colombia’s capital, Bogota is the second highest political office in the country after the President. So, there’s much anticipation surrounding this weekend’s election of a new leader, This past quarter, these three tech giants: Microsoft, Amazon and Google all made significant moves that shed light on their strategies for the future., A key feature of Chinese president #XiJinping's UK state visit is a stop in the Northern English city of Manchester. The British government hopes Chinese firms will be part of a massive development plan for that region. #XiUKVisit, In the first stop of an intense round of Middle East diplomacy, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Berlin., China has agreed to invest about 9 billion U.S. dollars in the Hinkley Point nuclear project. During the China Overseas Investment Fair in Beijing today, it was one of the main talking points among the country’s major nuclear power companies. #XiUKVisit    #XiJinping, A suicide bombing at a Shia Mosque in eastern Pakistan has left at least ten people dead. So far, no one has claimed responsibility for the attack., New details are emerging of a dramatic overnight raid involving US Special Forces deep in ISIL territory., Russia's President Putin says he's convinced that Syria's President Assad is ready for dialogue with the opposition., Take a look at President Xi's state visit to the United Kingdom. #XiUKVisit   #XiJinping, The Bard had a particular hold on Xi when, at 16, he left Beijing to become a farmer for seven years in a rural village. #XiUKVisit, This is how Chinese and British drink tea.#XiJinping #XiUKVisit, China and the U.K. are teaming up to work towards producing zero-emission automobiles. The deals were a key part of the 40 billion pounds ($61.6 billion ) in deals that Chinese President Xi Jinping is signing on his state visit to the U.K.#XiJinping #XiUKVisit, Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge and Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan attended a "Creative Collaborations: U.K. & China" event at Lancaster House on October 21, 2015 in London, creating a ripple among Chinese social media users.#XiJinping #XiUKVisit, Clinton is the star witness in a Republican-led investigation, that some critics say is focused on hampering Clinton’s run for the White House in 2016. Clinton is the Democratic front-runner., Photos: Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron, drinks a pint of beer with Chinese President #XiJinping, at a pub in Princess Risborough near Chequers, England. #XiUKVisit, 23 more reasons to watch Kung Fu panda., Photos: Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron welcomes Chinese President #XiJinping to his official residence at Chequers, England, on Thursday. The two leaders met for talks and dinner at the prime minister’s official country residence, during a state visit hailed as a landmark by both China and Britain. #XiUKVisit, There are 29 points to the declaration. Check them out here. #XiUKVisit   #XiJinping, Photos: Chinese President #XiJinping,  joined by The Duke of York, visit Inmarsat, a global satellite communication services provider in London on Thursday, on the third day of his state visit to the United Kingdom. #XiUKVisit, Photos: Chinese president #Xijinping and the Duke of York join a Confucius Institute conference hosted by UCL Institute of Education.  Xi speaks as he attends the opening of the Confucius Institute annual conference in London on Thursday. (AP Photo/Alastair Grant)  #XiUKVisit, Pictures: Chinese President #XiJinping, and China's first Lady Peng Liyuan   attended a UK-China Creative Collaborations Summit with  Britain's Prince William, and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge at Lancaster House in London on Wednesday. They listened to a Victoria and Albert (V&A) Museum presentation, and met with the Kung Fu Star 成龍 Jackie Chan.
See the car there? It's the car used in the latest movie of 007 SPECTRE! #XiUKVisit, Pictures: Chinese President #XiJinping, and his wife Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan, are welcomed by The Lord Mayor of London, Alan Yarrow, and The Duke of York, before a banquet at the Guildhall in London, Wednesday., Pictures: Britain's Queen Elizabeth II, and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, bid farewell to President #XiJinping and his wife, Madame Peng Liyuan from Buckingham Palace on Thursday in London. 
Xi will go to the Chequers with the Prime Minister David Cameron on Thursday, and will visit Manchester on Friday. #XiUKVisit, Bilateral investments between China and the U.K. is expected to reach new heights with President Xi Jinping’s state visit., null, null, null, The future president faces high inflation, and the challenge of attracting foreign investments., It’s one of the most beloved movie franchises of all time. And as it celebrates its 30th anniversary, it seems Back to the Future was pretty good at predicting the future with one or two exceptions., U.S. technology giant IBM has agreed to let China review it's source code for some of its products. IBM has become one of the first of a few major U.S. tech firm to comply with China's demands for a stronger hand in foreign technology. The move could result in other tech firms following in IBM's footsteps., With a little over two and a half months remaining in 2015, U.S. stock investors are hoping for a banner finish. But there is one alternative investment that has seen accelerated gains, the collectible car market., A surprise visit to Moscow by Syria’s President Bashar al Assad had the leaders of Russia and Syria discussing the conflict in Syria. Bashar al Assad thanked Russia for its air strike campaign in Syria., Oil industry experts from both the United States and Cuba are meeting in Havana this week, along with representatives from other Caribbean and Gulf states to discuss how to cooperate in the event of a major oil spill disaster., In this episode of The Heat, we look at the term de-radicalization and how it works in this global war on terrorism. Is it even possible?, Gang activity is on the rise in Guatemala., China’s leader is expected to sign a deal for the first UK nuclear power plant in Hinkley Point today., Chinese President #XiJinping attends banquet at Guildhall#XiUKVisit, You are now free to sing Happy Birthday without fear of copyright infringement. You're welcome. 生日快乐, 谢谢, Good luck to departing digital team intern Guanlan. We'll miss you., Watch live: #XiJinping speech at Guildhall #XiUKVisit  https://youtu.be/09FtgVlFg4Y, UK's PM and Chinese President Xi Jinping meet at 10 Downing Street and hail the ties between the two countries. Xi also responded to a question about human rights., Supporters of Egypt’s president have dominated the first phase of the country’s parliamentary elections. But the preliminary results show voter turnout was low., She never remarried... Learn more about the South Korea-DPRK reunions currently underway: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=89833, Xi and Cameron have been talking trade. Here's a breakdown of what that looks like between the U.K. and China., Tropical Storm Koppu barreled ashore as a powerful typhoon Sunday, forcing more than 100,000 villagers into emergency shelters and destroying rice fields ready for harvest., Video: Chinese president #XiJinping answers human rights question #XiUKVisit, British PM David Cameron and Chinese President #XiJinping hold joint news conference.#XiUKVisit, Moscow, a traditional ally of the Assad family, started an air campaign on Sept. 30 against what it said are terrorist groups threatening Syria and Assad’s rule. It became the latest international power to deepen its involvement into the increasingly intractable conflict that saw a mushrooming of armed groups, including the militant Islamic State group and al-Qaida., Video:UK's Prime Minister David Cameron and Chinese #XiJinping hold news conference. #XiUKVisit
"We (China and UK) will build a global comprehensive strategic partisanship in the 21st century, and jointly open up a enduring, inclusive and win-win China-UK relationship," said Chinese president Xi Jinping., Live streaming news conference Chinese President Xi and United Kingdom's Prime Minister Cameron. Watch on YouTube http://youtu.be/8lYQPYI7cJ0, Watch Live NOW: David Cameron and #XiJinping hold news conference #XiUKVisit  https://youtu.be/8lYQPYI7cJ0, Typhoon Koppu has moved further away from the Philippines but huge pockets of the northern Philippines continue to suffer from floods., Video: Chinese president #XiJinping meets Britain's Duke and Duchess of Cambridge at Lancaster House. #XiUKVisit, Video: Chinese president #XiJinping arrives at Downing street to meet with UK's PM David Cameron. #XiUKVisit, Watch Live soon: #XiJinping arrives at Downing street to meet with UK's PM David Cameron #XiUKVisit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tdZEi-wff4, Hong Kong’s IPO (Initial Public Offering) market might be booming this year, but another market is experiencing something quite the opposite., The fountain at the Bellagio hotel, the canals at the Venetian and the water wall at the Aria are all iconic spots along the Las Vegas Strip, but they are surprisingly not wasting water in this Nevada desert city., To tip or not to tip. It's an age-old and often awkward question. And it has a different answer depending which country you're in. The issue grabbed headlines recently when a New York restaurant decided to ban tipping. In the break with industry norms, they raised prices and began paying servers more., Russia and the U.S. have signed a cooperation deal on Syria. This as Moscow releases details of its latest airstrike campaign saying Russian planes have flown 55 sorties and hit 60 Islamist militant targets in Syria in the last 24 hours., null, Chinese President Xi Jinping brought billions of pounds of investment with him on his state visit to the UK, but one of the deals under discussion won’t require any hard cash at all – just hard work., Tears of joy swept the ballroom in Mount Geumgang resort on Tuesday, as close to a hundred families from Seoul and Pyongyang reunited for the first time in more than six decades., China and ASEAN countries say their consultation on a Code of Conduct in the South China Sea has entered a new stage. More maritime cooperation was mapped out, when senior officials from their foreign ministries met for 10th time in Southwest China’s Chengdu city., A three-day international Jazz festival just concluded in Shanghai. Tens of thousands of Chinese, along with expat jazz lovers, came to soak up the atmosphere of the feast., On day one President Xi addressed members of Parliament at Westminster in London.  #XiJinping  #XiUKVisit, Canadians have spoken. Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau will be Canada’s new prime minister. His party’s dramatic victory brings to an end nearly 10 years of Stephen Harper’s Conservative government., Chinese president #Xijinping and Queen Elizabeth II enter Buckingham Palace for the state banquet. #XiUKVisit, Chinese president #Xijinping and Queen Elizabeth II enter Buckingham Palace for the state banquet. #XiUKVisit, Queen Elizabeth II hosts state banquet for President #XiJinping  #XiUKVisit, Watch Live NOW: Queen Elizabeth II hosts state banquet for Chinese President #XiJinping #XiUKVisit bit.ly/1LmbKEu, Buckingham Palace released the state banquet menu. #XiJinping  #XiUKVisit, Watch Live NOW: Queen Elizabeth II hosts state banquet for Chinese President #XiJinping #XiUKVisit bit.ly/1LmbKEu, China's Vice Minister for Foreign Affairs Liu Zhenmin said that U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter's statements that the 'U.S. would sail, fly, and operate wherever international law would permit', was “not very positive” and “very provocative.”, Negative lists are designed to identify sectors and businesses that are off-limits or restricted to private investment, in some regions. Anything that is absent is open for commercial participation., Xi is expected to announce China’s plan to issue its Renminbi (RMB) sovereign bonds in London during his visit, following the U.K.’s insurance of the western world’s first sovereign RMB bond last October., Watch Live soon: Queen Elizabeth II hosts state banquet for President #XiJinping #XiUKVisit  https://youtu.be/eHaTw5PNLhM, Read this Forbes post by Kathy Caprino on CCTV America's Shraysi Tandon's coverage on "The glass cliff": http://www.forbes.com/sites/kathycaprino/2015/10/20/the-glass-cliff-phenomenon-that-senior-female-leaders-face-today-and-how-to-avoid-it/

Watch her original interview here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaH6AnV7-1Q, CCTV News interviewed people in China and the U.K. about their views of China and British ties. #XiUKVisit Find out what they think:, Video: Chinese President #Xijinping addresses UK's Parliament #XiUKVisit, Pictures: President #Xijinping addresses UK's Parliament #XiUKVisit 
Read more about Xi's state visit to UK: http://china.cctv-america.com/, Journalists crowded around South Korean Lee Soon-kyu, 85, as she met with her DPRK husband, Oh In Se, 83. As camera flashes bathed them in glaring white light, she cocked her head and looked with amazement at Oh, who wore a dapper suit and hat and craned backward to take in Lee., Watch Live :President #Xijinping addresses UK's Parliament  #XiUKVisit bit.ly/1MBDW3O, Watch Live: President #Xijinping addresses UK's Parliament  #XiUKVisit https://youtu.be/9mrcmv8Pr_8, More than 40 years ago, no less than the most powerful man on the planet predicted the younger Trudeau’s destiny., Video: Queen Elizabeth II hosts welcome ceremony for Chinese President #XiJinping. #XiUKVisit, null, Watch live NOW: Queen Elizabeth II hosts welcome ceremony for President #XiJinping #XiUKVisit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCBPd-upPFs, null, Watch live at 7 ET: Queen Elizabeth II hosts welcome ceremony for President #XiJinping #XiUKVisit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCBPd-upPFs, The two-day conference showcases the very latest technology the continent has to offer., As part of an attempt to integrate Rio, the government opened an artificial beach in Rio’s poor north zone, also chosen to be the home of Brazil’s Olympic rings., The world is still recovering from the economic meltdown of a few years ago. In many places, unemployment rates have recovered.
Jobs are coming back. And economies are growing once again. The youth unemployment rate is stabilizing, too. Yet, it remains above pre-crisis levels., The world’s largest personal computer maker is doubling down, at a time when the desktop computer is fast becoming a relic from the early tech-years., With 40% of its population coming from a non-Swedish background, Malmo has faced major challenges with integration over the years., China is entering what it calls its ‘new normal’ of economic growth., Over the last few weeks, already tense relations between Palestinians and Israelis have worsened. Dozens have been killed in incidents from East Jerusalem to the West Bank.
And there is real concern now that the newest conflict could escalate to further confrontation., #XiUKVisit #UKChina Chinese President Xi Jinping headed to his official state visit to the U.K. on Monday. For the past few weeks London has been anxiously gearing up to welcome the president., #XiUKVisit #UKChina  China’s President Xi Jinping said in an written interview with Reuters that despite the “growing pains” China’s economic development is experiencing as it shifts from old drivers of growth to new ones, the fundamentals of a steadily growing economy have remained unchanged., Canadians voted Monday to decide whether to extend Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper’s near-decade in power or return Canada to its more liberal roots., In an exclusive interview with CCTV NEWS, Ronald Dennis, U.K. Business Ambassador, said that it is important for people around the world to revise the perception that China’s economic growth is only a product of low-cost labor., 29 things that the Chinese and the British have in common., On Tuesday, #Xijinping will attend activities hosted by Queen Elizabeth. These include a welcome ceremony, inspection of a horse guards parade, and a state banquet at Buckingham Palace. 
The President is also scheduled to address the parliament, detailing China’s domestic and foreign policies. #XiUKVisit, #XiUKVisit #UKChina  Chinese President Xi Jinping will visit Manchester City during his first state visit to the United Kingdom, starting Monday., China’s economic growth eased to 6.9 percent  in the third quarter from a year earlier, slightly lower than 7 percent in the first half of the year, emphasizing more downward pressure on the economy., VIDEO: Chinese President  #Xijinping has arrived in the UK at the start of a four-day state visit. #XiUKVisit #UKChina   Follow his visit at: http://china.cctv-america.com/, Watch Live: Chinese President #Xijinping arrives in UK #XiUKVisit bit.ly/1ZRye7K pic.twitter.com/3UHKlmfXO0, Follow China President Xi Jinping's State visit to UK #XiUKVisit  #UKChina          https://youtu.be/vMN6OTgHXWc   MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/category/xi-uk-state-visit, From Mexico City, political analyst Laura Carlsen joins anchor Elaine Reyes on the set of “Americas Now” to talk about Argentina and what is at stake in the October 25th presidential election., null, The flow of refugees from Syria into Europe is a story about people in search of a new life.  CCTV America’s Michal Bardavid profiles one family about to embark upon a challenging journey from Iraq., With an increasing number of programs in recent years, educational exchanges have become another pillar supporting China-UK relations., For more on the Syrian crisis, CCTV America’s Susan Roberts spoke to William Courtney. He is a former U.S. diplomat and a top security analyst of the region., Singapore is suffering from a haze caused by large-scale fires in neighboring Indonesia., The Xiangshan Forum has wrapped up in Beijing. Maritime security in the Asia-Pacific region – especially in the South China Sea – has been one of the hottest topics discussed at the international defense meeting., Nigerian Fela Kuti inspired generations of music-lovers. The virtuoso passed away in 1997, but his legacy lives on., For the first time in more than a decade voters in Argentina will choose a new President and it could propel the country in a whole new direction. On October 25th, Argentinians head to the polls to vote for their new leader., Watch Americas Now, Sunday at 7 p.m. eastern or 7 a.m. Beijing time on CCTV America. You can also watch via your web-connected device at: www.cctvamericalive.com, Elections in Canada are just days away, and national security is one of the issues getting a lot of attention. More specifically, Canada’s role in the fight against terrorism, both abroad and at home. Critics say the current government, seeking re-election, has taken a heavy-handed approach. And they’re hoping new leadership may change that., Egypt is voting in the initial round of its first parliamentary elections since 2012. Cairo says it will be a big step forward for young, progressive voters. But critics say the same old establishment is set to win., 180,000 migrants and refugees are expected to arrive in Sweden in 2015. While the country struggles to cope with the massive influx – most voters still welcome those in need. But anti-immigration sentiment is on the rise., In an interview with Reuters, President #Xijinping outlined his expectations from this visit. "When conditions are in place, China is ready to consider strengthening the connectivity of the financial markets..." #XiUKVisit, null, Shanghai's International Arts Festival begins with "Jews of Shanghai" musical., Check out where to go in London, and other places in the United Kingdom.#XiUKvisit #XiJinping #UKChina, Your favorite movie animals may be in actual danger -- Losing Nemo: Find out which animal characters are in danger in real life: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=88623, There are 1.5 million Canadians with Chinese origins, in country of 35 million people. About a third of Chinese-Canadians live in the Greater Toronto Area where they make-up one of the largest minority groups. Their vote could potentially make – or break – a candidate., Watch Full Frame tonight at 7 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time on combating child slavery with interviews with Angie Harmon, Vivienne Harr, Jane Sloane, and Geraldine “Gigi” Freyeisen. Or watch the interviews here:
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=80142
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=80170
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=80182
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=80201, Nii Akuetteh of African Immigrant Caucus discusses combatting Boko Haram: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=89185, With a new government and better relations between the two countries, Nigeria is welcoming the U.S. move to send troops to Cameroon to aid the fight against insurgents. President Muhammadu Buhari has given the military a three month timeline to end the insurgency. Military commanders say they are poised to meet that Dec. 31 deadline., Hospitals in the Philippines are grappling with a rising number of Dengue Fever patients. Close to 100,000 cases have been recorded in the first 9 months of the year., General Fan Changlong addressed the participants in the two-day meeting which is focused on security in the Asia-Pacific region. The forum is considered a key security meeting in Asia with a growing number of global attendees., Rice is a main staple on menus across Asia, but in South Korea the popular grain is facing some stiff competition., The Republic of Korea's President Park Geun-hye visited the U.S. accompanied by 66 business leaders from Korean companies, highlighting the importance of U.S.-ROK economic ties., It’s no secret some of the world’s biggest tech companies have been under pressure to recruit more women. In this edition of Women at Work, we take a look how some universities in the U.S. are pushing for progress, starting in the classroom., The UK Ambassador to China, Barbara Woodward has hailed President Xi Jinping’s upcoming trip as a sure success. #XiUKVisit #Xijinping, Brazil is trying to save a rare bird from extinction. They’re known as the Spix, or little blue Macaw., Tremendous changes have taken place over the past few years in a small town named Yina in southwest China’s Guizhou province. A string of effective and targeted measures were taken to lift the people there out of poverty, For more on Netflix’s business model, CCTV America’s Michelle Makori spoke to Jonathan Taplin, director at the Annenberg Innovation Lab at the University of Southern California., China is seeking to increase military cooperation with the Association of the South East Asian nations. The country’s defense minister explained the purpose of an informal meeting with the Defense Ministers of ASEAN countries., China and Indonesia inked the multi-billion-dollar deal Friday which plans to construct a railway linking Jakarta with West Java’s provincial capital of Bandung., The China-DPRK Economic, Trade and Cultural Expo got underway this week in northeast China with more than 100 booths present showcasing DPRK companies and agriculture., The brutality of the Islamic State has united many nations against the terror group. There is also something unique about a new formidable force that has joined the fight against ISIL in Iraq.
It is a military unit made up entirely of women., A special meeting Friday at the United Nations was meant to discuss the ongoing problems between Israelis and Palestinians, although the Security Council became the center of much of the talking, and there was little action., Chinese President Xi Jinping heads to the United Kingdom. This is the first visit there by a Chinese president in about a decade. #XiUKVisit #Xijinping, Your favorite movie animals may be in actual danger...., Up to a million refugees and migrants may be heading to Germany this year, but Sweden takes in the highest number of refugees, per capita in Europe. The southern port city of Malmo is the main entry point and it has been stretched to its limits., This is the most important thing women are looking for when tech firms recruit them. 

Tune in to Global Biz tonight, 8 p.m. EST / 8 a.m. Beijing for the full interview., China’s efforts to eliminate poverty from the country are widely hailed as an example of what’s possible in the world., Argentina votes for a new president on October 25th. A town called Tucuman represents the country’s political climate. Watch Correspondent Joel Richards’ piece this Sunday at 7 pm on “Americas Now.”, The Chinese president #XiJinping and Madame Peng Liyuan will be hosted by The Queen at Buckingham Palace during a State Visit. The State Banquet will be in honor of the Chinese President.
The State Banquet will be held in the Ballroom, the largest muti-purpose room in Buckingham Palace.
Around 150 guests will attend the banquet, including members of the Royal Family, members of government, business leaders and other guests who're working to strengthen ties between China and Britain.
Preparation for the banquet began several weeks in advance, as the porcelain, glass and silver all had to be cleaned and polished. The damask tablecloths, napkins and doilies had to be pressed and the wine hand selected. #XiUKVisit  #UKChina, He's made over 200 drawings, mainly featuring geometric patterns. Each has taken him around 11 hours to make and cover an area about 10,000 square meters., VIDEO: Bei Bei has opened his eyes. He's the newest panda cub at the National Zoo in Washington.
He also received his first vaccination. The cub is almost two months old and nearly 7 pounds (3 kilograms.) His name means "precious treasure" in Chinese., Guess they cut the honeymoon short. Just 7 days after Angelababy and Huang Xiaoming's wedding, she had her face examined by a doctor to prove she hasn't had plastic surgery. Find out why by clicking here on our story., The poverty line in China is about $1 a day., You probably know by now that Chinese scientist Tu Youyou won a 2015 Nobel Prize for her work on treating malaria. But you may not know that her discovery was a blend between modern technology and traditional Chinese medicine., While hanging out in a small chamber up to your neck that’s 300 degrees below zero may sound like frozen hell to some, to others it’s a welcome relief., null, null, null, Guangzhou is buzzing with the arrival of the Canton trade Fair. With companies from all over hoping to do business with China, this year’s expo is going to be different. Some say it’s for the wrong reasons, though., Mexico’s economy relies heavily on exports. And it’s no surprise that the global slowdown is taking its toll with shipments falling to multi-year lows., With more psychoanalysts per person than any other country, Argentina is said to be the world capital of psychotherapy. An estimated one out of every three Argentines has attended a therapy session. But the country is also exporting psychotherapy to places like China., null, Turkey has taken in more Syrian refugees than anyone else so far. So how is life for refugees there and why are Syrians fleeing there?, President Xi’s upcoming visit to the UK comes as the comprehensive strategic partnership between the UK and China enters its second decade. Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair told CCTV that the visit would promote more cooperation.#XiUKVisit, Countries like France and the UK want an EU-wide database of information to track newly arriving asylum seekers, but there are fears that governments could misuse sensitive personal data., With a new President to be elected in Argentina, the reign of the Kirchners will soon come to an end., After a dozen cases of nose bleeding, dizziness and rashes started popping up among students at a primary school, it started to seem likely that the smelly new rubber race track was the reason., A woman living in the U.S. convinced her older parents to travel from China to visit her. She had just had a baby and her parents weren’t very experienced travelers., President Barack Obama announced plans Thursday to keep nearly 10,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan through most of next year and 5,500 when he leaves office in 2017, casting aside his promise to end the war on his watch and instead ensuring he hands off the conflict to a successor., China has surpassed the United States in the number of billionaires, driven by the rise of fortunes in technology and manufacturing, according to a survey released Thursday., Did You Know: 1 in 3 glasses of apple juice drunk worldwide are produced using apples from Shaanxi, China. 

Source: UK government report. https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics, A woman living in the U.S. convinced her older parents to travel from China to visit her. She had just had a baby and her parents weren’t very experienced travelers. She drew them a lovingly detailed guide which gained popularity on Chinese social media recently. Click here to see all the pictures she drew., “China’s construction on the Nansha Islands serves mostly civilian purposes, helping deliver our international responsibilities and obligations and providing more public good,” the ministry’s spokesperson Hua Chunying said in a news briefing on Wednesday., What's it like to chill out in negative 300 degree temperatures? 

"Cryotherapy is like nothing I've experienced before. The first minute was extremely challenging. My body went into shock, my face clenched and my bones began trembling. I felt this instinctive fight or flight response. But once I settled into the extreme temperatures, I felt both numb and calm. Once the 3 minutes are over, the rush and exhilaration that sweeps over you is incredible. I can see why people keep coming back for more."

Tune in or watch Global Biz online at www.cctvamericallive.com TONIGHT  to learn more about Shraysi Tandon's extraordinarily cold story. 8 p.m. Eastern, 8 a.m. Beijing., Craftsman of the Nation is a series by CCTV News about the people behind China’s major technology and military sectors. Learn about Xu Liping:, #China has overtaken the U.S. as the country with the most billionaires, according to the latest #Hurun Rich List. Who are the top 10 billionaires in China? Click to read., WATCH VIDEO of President Obama announcing his plan to keep U.S. troops in Afghanistan beyond 2016. What's your opinion? Comment below., The offensive came as a senior Iranian official told reporters in Damascus that Tehran would consider sending troops to Syria only upon a request from the Syrian government., LIVE NOW: Obama on extending US troops in Afghanistan, Separate from last month’s reported emissions’ issues, there are more bumps in the road for Volkswagen. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission launched it’s own investigation into Volkswagen’s new diesel models., The destruction of ancient artifacts is more than just collateral damage in a time of conflict. It’s considered by many to be a war crime and a form of genocide., The fight for market share between China’s car-hailing apps is a fierce one. By far the biggest player, Didi Kuaidi has obtained the country’s first license to provide such services, giving it yet another advantage over all its competitors., Slow job growth and stagnant salaries are causing more Americans to save more.Household income has fallen nearly 9 percent since 2007., CCTV’s Hendrik Sybrandy looked at a housing market some believe still has much more room to grow., Israelis who fear falling victim to random stabbings, shootings and other attacks are taking matters into their own hands., Surf Air CEO Jeff Potter is a veteran of the airline industry having run Frontier Airlines for years. He isn’t looking to replace commercial airline travel, but is offering busy business travelers an option that rewards them with the gift of time., Colombia’s Ministry of Communication wants to take telecommuting a step further and create an opportunity for people living in prison., Mexico is about to launch a campaign targeting tourists, who are considered the biggest spenders of any group., It’s a 100 billion dollar merger between two of the world’s biggest brewers that has many smaller breweries cautious., As international courier giants FedEx and UPS have announced they’re raising the fuel surcharge on their services despite a drop in global oil prices to record lows, consumers who often absorb the costs and e-commerce companies, who rely on shipping for much of their business became angry. CCTV America is joined by Peter Greenberg, the Travel Detective for Petergreenberg.com to talk about the air travel industry as well as its future trends., The death toll in last week’s twin suicide bombings in Ankara has jumped to 106., After a deadly attack on its border this summer, Turkey entered the fight against ISIL, launching airstrikes and allowing a U.S.-led coalition to use its air base. But now, Islamic State extremists may have brought terror to the capital of Ankara in two suicide bomb blasts, killing nearly 100 people and wounding hundreds more., The anniversary also comes as rising extremism is putting the subordination of women at the center of violence, and with no end in sight., The leader of Japan’s Komeito party, Natsuo Yamaguchi, is visiting China. On his second day in Beijing, he met with deputy director at the Institute of Japanese Studies of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences to discuss historical issues and the future trend of the China-Japan relationship., The discovery in China’s Hunan province argues against a theory that the first wave reached southern Asia only about 60,000 years ago. The finding may mean that people arrived in multiple waves., Death, declined awards, and duos: an unexpected look at Nobel awards by the numbers., Are you drinking more or less soda?, The two suspects were detained after Twitter provided information on users of the accounts, adding that the two have ties to the Kurdistan Workers’ Party, or PKK. Analysts, however, expressed skepticism about claims of the PKK’s involvement, given that the attack targeted Kurdish activists., Find out why the Internet is joking that U.S. presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton is hunting for the Chinese..., Xi’s visit will be the second state visit to the U.K. this year. Normally, there are two state visits each year, which imply the highest level of welcome at Buckingham Palace., The arrival of Iranian troops fighting under the cover of Russian air power further strengthens the view that Russia’s main goal is to shore up Syrian President Bashar Assad’s embattled government., Israeli police shoot man after attempted stabbing in Jerusalem. As Israel's military says it is beginning to deploy hundreds of troops to assist police forces in Israeli cities., This looks awesome. Would you ever do it?, Officials in India have new plans to curb pollution in New Delhi – ranked by the World Health Organization as the most polluted city in the world., Ebola has killed more than 11,000 people since December 2013., China and Japan have been at odds over war history and islands disputes since Abe’s administration, overshadowing their fairly close economic relations., CCTV America asked Dan McClory, managing director of Burnham Securities Inc, whether he thinks the world's second-largest economy's ailing trade sector is showing signs of turning around., Over the last 20 years, sales of regular soda in the U.S. have dropped by more than 25 percent., Moscow and Washington are stepping up their roles in Syria and neither side likes what the other is doing. For more on the Syria crisis, CCTV America's Elaine Reyes spoke to research fellow Barak Barfi of the New America Foundation., Renewable energy credits even out the fluctuations in Aspen’s energy supply and consumption., A 20-year-old International airport in the South Indian city of Kochi has become the world’s first solar-powered airport. The airport can now produce more than 50,000 units of electricity with its new solar plant, making it energy self-sufficient. The airport’s solar panels were made in China., The International Monetary Fund is forecasting that Venezuela’s economy will contract by 10 percent this year – the deepest recession of any country in the world. Venezuelans are feeling the crunch on many fronts., The El Nino weather pattern that brings warm waters across parts of the Pacific Ocean is hitting Colombia hard., When Americans vote to elect their next president in November 2016, the most likely winner will be either a Democrat or a Republican. That’s the way it’s been in the United States since the mid 1800’s., The threat is growing as bacteria known as “superbugs” have become increasingly resistant to antibiotics., Turkey’s prime minister visited the site of the bombing in Ankara that killed 97 people. The government believes the Islamic State is behind the suicide blasts. People are pointing fingers over perceived security failures., A $17 million EU-funded program focused on the modernization of China’s environmental governance that was implemented with China’s Ministry of Commerce and the Ministry of Environmental Protection has come to a close. At the program’s final meeting on Tuesday, it was declared a success., Cars run into a rainbow-like tunnel near an intersection of  Zhengzhou-Kaifeng highway and S223 provincial road in central China's Henan Province on Tuesday. More than 80 U-shape box girders in 12 gradients colors are installed on both ends of the tunnel. It is reported that the rainbow-like #tunnel could relieve the visual fatigue of drivers. #RainbowTunnel
Photo: Xinhua, VIDEO from the Dutch Safety Board shows what investigators believe caused the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight 17.  They say it was a Russian-made Buk missile, fired from rebel-held territory in eastern Ukraine.
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/10/13/dutch-safety-board-russian-buk-missile-downed-mh17-in-ukraine#ixzz3oSzhstAO 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Researchers take care of newborn giant #panda twin cubs in an incubator at The Toronto Zoo in Toronto, Canada on Tuesday. Female giant panda Er Shun, who is on loan from China, gave birth to the twin cubs at 3:31 a.m. and 3:44 a.m. Tuesday. 
(Photo Credit: Xinhua/Toronto Zoo), In 2013, the CDC released a report on the top 18 drug-resistant threats, classifying them for the first time by severity: urgent, serious, and concerning., Chinese stewardesses speak out against ritual (hazing?) of being stuffed in overhead bins. What do you think of this? Comment below. 
READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=87836, Photos: Wreckage of flight #MH17 is seen after the presentation of the investigation report on the cause of its crash, at the Gilze-Rijen airbase, the Netherlands, on Tuesday. 
The crash of flight MH17 on 17 July last year was caused by the detonation of a 9N314M-type warhead launched from eastern Ukraine using a Buk missile system, said the investigation report published Tuesday by the Dutch Safety Board (DSB).
Photos: Xinhua
Read more details: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/10/13/dutch-safety-board-russian-buk-missile-downed-mh17-in-ukraine, The missile that downed MH17 exploded less than a meter from the cockpit, killing the crew inside instantly and breaking off the front of the plane., CCTV'S Ning Hong traveled to Zanhuang county of Hebei province to highlight the predicament of one 7-year-old breadwinner., One Mexican company is melding education, entertainment, and advertising to create a unique environment where children can role-play as they learn about the world of work., For more on the DPRK’s economy, CCTV was joined by Eunjung Lim, a lecturer on Korean studies at Johns Hopkins University., The 2016 Olympic Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro are now less than a year away. Around the world, athletes are busy training for their once-every-four-years shot at a gold medal., A recent report from the Boston Consulting Group said China’s digital health care sector generated 20 billion RMB ($2.9 billion) in 2014. That number is expected to grow to about $100 billion by 2020, mostly from service sectors., "In a few places, we are looking at about a foot a year, and in some places a little bit more than that,” said Michelle Sneed, a hydrologist with the U.S. Geological Survey. “That’s about as fast as ever been measured in the valley and it’s among the fast rates in the world.”, Researchers revealed startling findings in a pair of articles about the toll cigarettes are taking on public health. If current trends continue, they say cigarettes will kill one in three men in the decades to come., The U.K. estimates that antimicrobial resistance could wipe $100 trillion from economic output by 2050. Some health experts accuse drug companies of not investing in updated antibiotics because they won’t see a return on the new treatments for around 20 years., Preliminary findings suggested a ground-to-air missile shot down the passenger plane, killing all 298 people on board. But facts remain elusive, and many believe the report will not bring about a final conclusion., The goal in China to reduce those in poverty by 10 million has been achieved  for two consecutive years., Jiang, 60, was found guilty of taking bribes, holding a huge amount of property with unidentified sources and abusing power., The European Union has called on Russia to stop bombing Western-backed rebels in Syria, which the bloc’s foreign ministers claim is jeopardizing peace efforts., null, Officials on all sides are calling for the parties involved to pull back from the violence. However, one Arab member of the Israeli parliament said it didn’t matter if they pulled back now —  eventually things would again go out of control., Russia plans to give land to Russian citizens for free if they move there and help establish the area. The law will give people one hectare of land if they make the move., The United States, Japan, Canada, Mexico, Australia and several other Pacific Rim nations reached agreement on a controversial trade pact that will link together about two-fifths of the world’s economy., It is the third cave-in accident of the region in the past month., The burst was triggered due to excavation of sewer for a restaurant remodeling, according to a construction worker., With little knowledge of the language and a lot of uncertainties about the country, Bijan Roghanchi, a 25-year-old photographer, packed his bags for Iran., Fire reported at a warehouse in North China's  #Tianjin on Monday night. The fire has been extinguished as of 1 a.m. local time. No casualties reported. 
Pictures: Weibo, Another example of China taking steps to fight trafficking and end ivory sales. According to  TRAFFIC - the wildlife trade monitoring network "since 2013, Beijing Forest Police has cracked 222 cases involving illegal wildlife trade and arrested 108 suspects. 1321 wildlife products worth around $7 million, including 1527 kg of ivory have been confiscated. The latter figure includes the 804.4 kg seized from the smuggling ring." 

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, The two explosions happened seconds apart on Saturday as hundreds gathered for a march organised by pro-Kurdish activists and civic groups to protest over a conflict between Turkish security forces and Kurdish militants in the southeast., The Post’s executive editor, Martin Baron, called the guilty verdict “an outrageous injustice.”  Iranian state TV called Rezaian an “American spy.” 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, After winning the award Deaton said, "“What we’re seeing now in some sense is the result of you know hundreds of years of unequal development in the rich world which has left a lot of the world behind and those people who have been left behind would like better lives and that is putting enormous pressure on the boundaries between the poor world and the rich world.” 

Read more:http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=87527
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, October 10th marked World Mental Health Day, a day for global mental health education, awareness and advocacy. China’s health authority has issued an overview on the situation in the country, with a campaign for public awareness., Financial leaders from around the world pack their suitcases and head to the airport as the annual meeting between the IMF and World Bank came to an end in Lima. What came out of this meeting? CCTV’s Dan Collyns looks back at a week in global economics., So far it seems to be working. Not only are the band’s songs popular on Mexico’s local radio stations, they have fans in the Switzerland, Australia and the United States too., Correspondent Michelle Begue travels to Colombia’s mountains to find out what’s behind the drink, the natives call sacred., It’s located in a remote section of the rain forest. At 325-meters high, it stands “higher” than the Eiffel Tower in France., 17 people have been confirmed dead, after a gas explosion ripped through a restaurant in Wuhu city of Anhui province on Saturday., Some students in the southern state of Oaxaca who wanted to keep their native “Zapotec” alive, started a group. Now they are rapping in Zapotec to appeal to the younger generation., A pesticide sprayed on plantations in Nicaragua for decades, continues to cause controversy and alleged illness., Brazil is anticipating a major tourism boom ahead of next year’s Olympic Games in Rio de Janerio. However, there’s one problem: visas. Fortunately, Brazil’s congress has authorized a waiver that will help ease visa restrictions and promote tourism., Terrorist acts by ISIL and other militant groups have in one way or the other had an effect on millions in Egypt. Despite security forces achievements against the militants, many Egyptians live in constant fear of attack, driving investors and tourists away., Citizens of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea return to work, after a weekend of festivities marking the 70th anniversary of the ruling Workers’ Party. The highlight was a military parade in Pyongyang. But, while the parade celebrated achievements of the past, there is evidence that the DPRK has had some economic success., October 10th marked World Mental Health Day, a day for global mental health education, awareness and advocacy. China’s health authority has issued an overview on the situation in the country, with a campaign for public awareness., Iraqi Defense Ministry spokesman Brig. Gen. Yahya Rasool says the military is still investigating whether al-Baghdadi was in the convoy that was struck., Watch Americas Now, Sunday at 7 p.m. eastern or 7 a.m. Beijing time on CCTV America. You can also watch via your web-connected device at: www.cctvamericalive.com, Thousands mourned the 95 victims of Turkey’s deadliest attack in years as state inspectors tried on Sunday to identify who sent suicide bombers to a rally promoting peace with the country’s Kurdish rebels., Pyongyang marks 70 years since the founding of its ruling Worker’s Party., Thousands have gathered here in Washington to mark the 20th anniversary of the Million Man March., On world mental health day, we take a look at efforts taken in China to help the tens of millions of people suffering from depression., UNESCO has inscribed documents of the Nanjing Massacre in its Memory of the World Register., The cycle of violence between Palestinians and Israelis has been marked by multiple stabbings. Shooting deaths and hundreds taking to the streets in protests., Zimbabwean authorities are battling to stop poachers who are using new methods to track down and kill the country’s wildlife., Traditional Chinese medicine has long been a source of controversy both in China and abroad., Syrian and Russian warplanes are conducting joint air strikes in a "wide ranging" offensive. CCTV's Alaa Ebrahim pays a visit to the front line., The global average life expectancy has doubled to around 70 years since 1900. Many people are remaining active much later in life with no intentions of slowing down., Everyday tons of industrial waste ends up in landfills around Mexico City. This is increasing pollution in one of the smoggiest cities in the world., As finance ministers and central bank governors from more than 180 countries come together in the Peru’s capital Lima, global financial leaders turn their attention to climate change. The message from the world’s financial leaders is that a low carbon economy and sustainable growth is the way to go. As belts tighten around the world, some countries may have no choice., One drink is boosting tourism in Colombia, and it’s called Ayauasca. CCTV’s Michelle Begue reports on this indigenous traditional medicine, with deep roots in South America., Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff is in Bogota, Colombia for her first official visit to the country., As more and more countries agree to cut emissions rates, some predict the price of coal may fall as well., Suspended from FIFA are its President Sepp Blatter, secretary general Jerome Valcke and vice president Michel Platini. All are out for 90 days., Across the Middle East the terrorist collective ISIL continues its reign of destruction. Despite a worldwide effort, U.S. officials say about 30,000 foreign fighters have joined ISIL in the past year alone. About 5,000 of them come from the West., It has been 70 years since the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea was founded., The Heat spoke to the mothers of children who they discovered had disappeared one day, later to find out they had joined the so-called Islamic State (ISIL), to take up arms and fight., This year the Norwegian Nobel Committee has decided that the Nobel Peace Prize is to be awarded to the Tunisian National Dialogue Quartet at a crucial time for Tunisia’s transition. The Tunisian labor leader who is party to the peace prize says he is overwhelmed. Ordinary Tunisians also have welcomed the win., A sizable number of migrants from war-torn parts of the middle east are settling in Athens via the Greek islands. While the flow of refugees and the influx of migrants with urgency, coming into Europe has been going on for some time now, 2015 marked a noticeable uptick in the scale and nature of the flow causing it to be labeled a crisis, and particularly so for Greece., Their teenage sons, one from Calgary, the other from Copenhagen, left home to study Islam but ended up on the frontlines of Syria as members of Islamic State.  Now their mothers are coming to terms with the fact their sons will never be coming home.  Both were killed in Syria.
On the Heat, Host Anand Naidoo speaks with two mothers in an emotional interview about the fate of their sons and the lure of Islamic State.  WATCH 7pm EST: www.cctvamericalive.com, Just because a bridge is made of glass doesn't necessarily make it dangerous, one expert says., "The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking... As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it." -- Steve Jobs, 2005 Stanford commencement speech. View this and more films about Steve Jobs here:, null, Their teenage sons, one from Calgary, the other from Copenhagen, left home to study Islam but ended up on the frontlines of Syria as members of Islamic State.  Now their mothers are coming to terms with the fact their sons will never be coming home.  Both were killed in Syria.
On the Heat, Host Anand Naidoo speaks with two mothers in an emotional interview about the fate of their sons and the lure of Islamic State.  WATCH 7pm EST: www.cctvamericalive.com, The fairytale-themed wedding of top Chinese actor Huang Xiaoming and model, actress Yang Ying (aka AngelaBaby) has been dubbed ‘the wedding of the century,’ with lots of China’s celebrities in attendance., This story reads like a very sad novel:

The dead man was surnamed Tao, a farmer who passed away in February. Ten years ago, Tao gave his farm to his two sons and moved away to rent a small house and make a living by picking up waste in the city. Due to his age, Tao felt that he could not handle the heavy workload anymore and sought his sons' help, hoping that he could spend the rest of his life with either one of them. But both of his sons turned down his request with different excuses, Yang said. Knowing that his days were numbered, Tao had even dressed in traditional mourning clothes in his final days, neighbors said. Tao ended up dying along in his rented home., Although the tobacco-attributed proportion is increasing in men, Chinese women now smoke far less than in previous generations., Would you be able to do this?, The change, which has not yet been officially announced, reflects the failure of the current approach, which has produced only a handful of combat-ready moderate rebels and drawn widespread criticism in Congress., It happened again. Another escalator malfunction in China. Another death., null, null, India, like many places across the globe, is not an easy place to start business. Not only are there stiff government regulations in India, but investors find it too risky to fund startups there., null, Peru was one of the Latin American economies that most benefited from China’s demand for natural resources. Now, how will Peru ride out the slowdown in China, and falling metal prices?, Globalization and digitization have made learning more accessible and efficient than ever before., While cyber attacks seem to be increasing in frequency, so is the need of cyber security. Not all hackers are the bad guys., NATO has announced it will boost the capabilities of its response force while also renewing assurances to allies in light of what the organization described as the escalation of Russian military activities in Syria., Syrian troops are on the march. They’ve launched what’s being called a vast offensive against rebel militias supported by a bombardment of Russian warplanes and warships.
CCTV’s Alaa Ebrahim embedded with the Syrian Army, and has an account from the front line, Colombia is going through extremely dry conditions and experts are calling it the worst drought in the country’s recorded history., A pesticide is being blamed for sickening thousands of workers in the Central American country of Nicaragua., Huge torrents of water have created spectacular views at the Yellow River’s Hukou Waterfall, as the flow rate peaked after heavy rain in the upper reaches in recent days., A day after U.S. President Barack Obama apologized for a U.S. airstrike on a Docters Without Borders-run hospital in northern Afghanistan that killed at least 22, the medical charity says it’s still demanding an independent investigation., Newly elected Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras told the Greek people, “We are not walking on clouds, but I think we deserve to feel happy, to feel vindicated, with the people’s choice.”, Over the past thirty years, there have been countless archaeological discoveries of relics in China dating back to the country’s earliest civilizations. A new center in the city of New York is now devoted to analyzing and understanding these historic objects., Embedded with Syrian troops, CCTV correspondent Alaa Ebrahim got an exclusive and raw look at the fight against ISIL., Apology letter to Volkswagen owners from the company over its deceptive emissions practices. Watch the full story tonight starting at 5 p.m., CCTV's Jim Spellman interviewed one Volkswagen owner about the current diesel deception scandal. Watch a brief Q&A with Jetta owner Peter Hayes and watch the full interview on CCTV tonight starting at 5 p.m., VIDEO: Would you walk out on a 1/2 mile high glass bridge ? How about if you knew it could crack like this glass skyway in Central China’s Henan province?  SEE MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/10/06/yuntaishan-glass-bridge-in-china-develops-a-crack, According to prepared remarks, VW intends to withdraw applications seeking U.S. emissions certifications for its 2016 model Jettas, Golfs, Passats and Beetles with diesel engines., Blatter’s suspension brings a sudden halt to a 40-year career that had survived waves of scandals until he was placed under criminal investigation., Investigators in Eastern Europe are working to break up a black market for nuclear materials.Criminal networks have been trying to sell to extremists through Moldova. According to police, the suspect says the intended buyer was the Islamic State., null, The Trans-Pacific Partnership, which seeks to cut trade barriers and set common standards among a dozen nations reaching from Japan to Chile., Spain has agreed to accept almost 18,000 refugees over the coming months., null, German automaker Volkswagen will start recalling millions of diesel cars fitted with emissions cheating software. Company CEO Matthias Mueller wants all vehicles fixed within 12 months., More than 600,000 refugees and migrants have arrived in the EU so far this year. And member states are divided over how to deal with the huge influx of people., Gender identity discussions often just involve the best known of the transgender community: men and women who identify as the opposite of their sex assigned at birth. But there’s a growing chorus being heard from another branch of transgenders – those who feel they are not wholly male or female, but somewhere in between., The terms of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which does not include China, must still be approved by each of the 12 TPP countries., The World Bank says some 200 million are still living below the poverty line. Many are still living in rural or border areas, where the Chinese government has been investing in infrastructure, healthcare and education., The World Economic Forum now ranks Malaysia among the 20 most competitive countries in the world, beating out Australia(21th), Ireland(24th) and South Korea(26th)., Everything you ever wanted to know about fantasy football here:, Finance ministers and central bank governors are in Peru converging on the city of Lima for the annual meeting of World Bank and International Monetary Fund members. Many of them are closely watching how China's slowdown, and a possible U.S. Federal Reserve interest rate hike, will impact economies., Get your Lepidoptera fix here. And if you want to know what Lepidoptera are read on..., null, Watch our new promotion about our China coverage on CCTV., Clinton said there are too many “unanswered questions” about the Trans-Pacific Partnership. “What I know about it as of today, I am not in favor," she told PBS., Global extreme poverty is forecasted to drop below 10 percent for first time, ever. But in some countries, making minimum wage, it can still be insurmountable to work yourself out of poverty.  Watch tonight at 9pm for our Insight in to global poverty. Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 

Read more now: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=86249 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, New government minister Katsunobu Kato will steer programs aimed at strengthening the economy and increasing the birthrate so the population stabilizes and the country can stay afloat. Finance Minister Taro Aso, as well as the defense and foreign ministers, will retain their portfolios, while nine ministers were replaced., UPDATE: President Barack Obama has apologized to Doctors Without Borders president for attack on the hospital.

Doctors Without Borders, which believes the attack may have been a war crime, wants an independent and impartial investigation., He said the U.S. will conduct basic, technical talks with Russia about efforts to ensure that flights over Syria are conducted safely, and, “That’s it.”, Seems like everyone is getting into craft beer., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says he favors lifting the 52 year old trade embargo on Cuba., Companies across the globe are coming under increased scrutiny for flouting environmental laws., null, null, While much of Argentina's attention is firmly focused on the presidential elections this month, the country is involved in disputes at the World Trade Organization that could have a major impact on the future government., Most analysts agree Australia's economy is weathering the end to a decades-long mining boom. A new study shows that the country is ailing in its mining sector, where the unemployment rate has now skyrocketed to nearly 3 times the national average., Soon, some predict coal could get even cheaper. That’s thanks to an unintended consequence of trying to do the right thing., The Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement announced Monday could mean auto workers, especially the three and a half million who make auto supplies across the country, could face changes., The Yuntaishan glass bridge developed a crack on October 5, 2015, causing panic among the holidaymakers who visit the tourist attraction for a thrill. The bridge is located in Central China’s Henan province., The race is on to see who will be the next president of the United States., Angela Merkel and Francois Hollande will jointly address the European Parliament in Strasbourg on Wednesday., Five days after a deadly mudslide rolled over a community on the outskirts of Guatemala City, efforts continue in recovering victims’ bodies., Mark Niu sat down with former Apple CEO John Sculley to talk tech. In our #OneMoreQuestion, Sculley talks about the China market for mobile phones, and whether his new company has plans to venture to China., NATO has rejected Moscow’s explanation that its warplanes violated the air space of alliance member Turkey by mistake., Tu Youyou's discovery of arteminsinin, and the right way to use it to treat malaria, was a breakthrough after repeated trial and error. Inspired by a line from a medical prescription written almost 1,700 years ago, Tu Youyou discovered artemisinin in her 191st trial. It was the result of a blend between modern technology and traditional Chinese medicine., Panda cub Bei Bei is starting to see the world., Watch CCTV America's Owen Fairclough interview Georgian President Giorgi Margvelashvili: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=86263 and view the link on President Margvelashvili's website: https://www.president.gov.ge/en/Georgia/GeorgiainWorldMedia/?p=9803&i=1, You think traffic is bad where you live? We're hearing stories of people stuck for 14 hours in traffic returning home from National Day holiday., The menu price for shrimp said 38 yuan ($5.98). But that was for each shrimp, not the entire dish. Quite a surprise when the bill came., A wave of young interns are heading out to China’s major cities to learn about how the Chinese do business., null, Georgia’s president sat down with CCTV America business correspondent Owen Fairclough. He said he saw strong parallels between Ukraine and his own country., China has a long history of tea drinking, but in recent years, tea sales are slowing down. Is tea drinking still an old folks game? Can it be hip and trendy again?, For many Peruvians, their cheap mobile phones could open the door to a world of greater financial security and opportunities., Chinese manufacturers are among the front-runners to help do the heavy lifting for China's Belt and Road initiative., Following the Volkswagen emissions scandal, companies across the globe are coming under increased scrutiny for flouting environmental laws., An estimated 240,000 people have died in Syria’s civil war since 2011 and the United Nations estimates the refugee population at nearly 12 million people., Using a baseline of $1.90 a day, the Bank estimates 702 million people will be living in extreme poverty in 2015, down from 902 million in 2012. That’s 9.6 percent of the world’s population -- three years ago, it was 12.8 percent., null, China’s tourism sector has undergone a huge transformation buoyed by years of economic growth. Nowhere is that more apparent than in countries in the network of the Belt and Road Initiative., Treasure trove of moon porn just released., Iranian youth are similar to any other young population in the world. Their dreams are not much different than, let’s say, the American dream. They want a better economy, more jobs, social and political freedoms, and good relations with the world. Interview with Negar Mortazavi, The new and rather scary glass bridge that recently opened in central China’s Hunan Province offers thrill-seekers a breathtaking bird’s-eye view of the scenery below., Tourism during China's National Day holiday is perfect for crowd lovers., Tu Youyou was cited for discovering artemisinin, a drug that’s now the primary treatment against malaria, saving millions of lives worldwide., Going to see pandas is big during China's National Day holiday., Chinese scientist Tu Youyou wins share of Noble Prize for discovering drug that treats malaria., A helicopter crew confirmed the person was dead but had to leave the body behind to continue the search for possible survivors., The TPP is designed to encourage trade between the United States, Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Americas Now anchor Elaine Reyes is joined by CCTV political analyst Laura Carlsen to discuss the situation., The stunning shakeup comes just weeks before a presidential run-off is set to take place on Oct. 25th. While there is relief and satisfaction among many Guatemalans that the corruption crackdown has brought change, there is also concern about who will lead the country. The presidential contenders are a former First Lady, Sandra Torres, and a television comedian, Jimmy Morales., Energy is one of the key components of the “Belt and Road” initiative. And, one Chinese solar company has set up a solid foothold in Turkey. It’s provided new business opportunities for locals over the past three years., The death toll for Nigeria from the horrific stampede near Mecca is rising, with the feeling of loss spreading across the Muslim community. The Nigerian authorities say they will continue to work hand in hand with the Saudi government to account for the casualties and missing pilgrims., The business model is booming in China, covering practically all aspects of everyday life., After five years of negotiations, a dozen Pacific nations are poised to reach agreement on the largest trade pact in the world. 
The Atlanta round of talks began Wednesday and was initially scheduled for two days, but as negotiators began to make significant progress, the meetings were extended repeatedly. Going into Sunday’s talks, the major sticking point of #TPP was the intellectual property rights around genetically-engineered pharmaceuticals., After five years of negotiations, a dozen Pacific nations are poised to reach agreement on the largest trade pact in the world., Television reports and images circulating on China’s popular social media site Sina Weibo showed flooded streets, trees uprooted and vehicles overturned by the fierce winds., Officials threaten to bar teams from an independent Catalonia from Spain’s La Liga., Watch Americas Now, Sunday at 7 p.m. eastern or 7 a.m. Beijing time on CCTV America. You can also watch via your web-connected device at: www.cctvamericalive.com, Nearly 100 people were killed when massive #mudslides buried scores of homes on the outskirts of #Guatemala's capital city, officials said Sunday, as the death toll continued to climb. Xinhua Spanish reported that the death toll has already risen to 107., The ship has been confirmed as cruiser Zhiyuan, one of the warships of imperial China’s powerful naval force, the Beiyang Fleet, which was sunk by the Japanese navy during the first Sino-Japanese War 121 years ago., Persistent torrential rainfall caused dangerous flooding in South Carolina’s main cities on Sunday.

No deaths had been reported, although five traffic fatalities in North and South Carolina were blamed on a weather system that dropped more than 18 inches (45 cm) of rain in one part of South Carolina. The state climatologist forecast another 2 to 6 inches (5 to 15 cm) through Monday as the rainfall began to slacken., Shortly after bringing downpours, typhoon #Mujigae caused several #tornadoes throughout coastal areas in South China's Guangdong province, killing at least four people. Strong winds also damaged the power grid, causing blackouts to nearly 2 million in the province., The gunman was said to be a 20-year-old male who started the carnage at the community college campus before having an exchange of fire with police, Investigations are continuing into the bombing of the hospital on Saturday, which killed at least 22 people. The charity announced Sunday that three injured hospital patients had died, bringing the total to 10 in addition to 12 dead hospital staffers., What does it take to reach the century mark? Full Frame contributor Sandra Hughes gives us a glimpse of how making healthy choices has led one man to live longer., Full Frame visited Camp Aloha to hear these children’s stories first hand., From Denver, Dr. Daniels joined May Lee, this week’s guest host, in our Los Angeles studios to discuss how heart disease can be prevented beginning in childhood., Dr. Kathy Magliato joined May Lee, this week’s guest host, in our Los Angeles studios to provide insight about why heart disease is still a silent killer of millions of women and what preventative measures women can take to decrease their risk of heart attack and stroke., Larry King sat down with CCTV America’s May Lee, this week’s guest host, in our Los Angeles studios to talk about how he changed his health habits and his career which has given him a global platform as a heart disease advocate., The Internet is reshaping the Chinese lifestyle including the ways they eat. To save time, many Chinese prefer to order deliveries online., Kurds are mourning the loss of 10 Peshmerga prisoners who were executed by ISIL., China boasts the fastest and longest high-speed railways in the world., She is considered one of the world’s most talented and exciting classical pianists. And she has just played a concert in Venezuela, for free., At the U.N. last week, Chinese President Xi Jinping said the small countries of the world should have more influence over world affairs., Nigeria’s army is halfway to a three-month deadline to defeat Boko Haram., Russia has intensified air strikes inside Syria despite growing criticism from the U.S.-led coalition targeting ISIL. The UK, France and Turkey are calling on Russia to stop bombing what they claim are non-ISIL targets in Syria. Russian President Vladimir Putin has been in Paris for talks on Ukraine, but the events in Syria could not be overlooked., It seems that people in China just aren’t that into fizzy drinks these days., Facebook opened its new office in Colombia in March. It’s the first time the social media giant established a presence in the South American country., China’s ‘internet plus’ strategy is increasingly driving economic growth., New details emerge about the tragic mass shooting that just happened on the west coast of the U.S., in the state of Oregon. #OregonShooting, The ancient Silk Road began in Xi'an. It was a major political, economic, cultural and imperial center. Today, the starting point of the ancient Silk Road is once again attracting the world's attention. The government is not just aiming to bring goods and ideas to Xi'an, but also to boost the regional economic growth and prosperity., Major tech companies like Google, Facebook and Twitter have all launched special initiatives to increase diversity in the tech industry, but there’s also still the issue of diversity in the world of venture capital. African Americans make up around 13 percent of the U.S. population, but in the world of venture capital and tech startups, their numbers fall well below 1%., Despite record low oil prices, Mexico’s state oil company celebrated a victory after the government sold more oil blocks than expected., In the United States the majority of mothers work. Fifty-seven percent of mothers with infants are in the labor force and that percentage rises as the children get older., President Barack Obama is ordering that American flags be flown at half-staff in honor of the nine victims of the mass shooting at an Oregon community college. Obama signed the proclamation at the White House on Friday, directing flags to be lowered until sunset Tuesday. In the afternoon, the Douglas County Sheriff’s Office released the names of the nine victims who died., A good salary may not be good enough anymore, at least not in the U.S. job market., The Bazaars on the ancient Silk Road served as sources of goods, information and ideas. They still do today, but how much do they matter in the lives of people along the road?, A political crisis in Guatemala forced the former president Pérez Molina and his administration out of office. What does the future hold for Guatemalans as they head to the polls? CCTV Correspondent Harris Whitbeck uncovers the details., The unemployment rate remained 5.1 percent, but only because many Americans have stopped looking for work and are no longer counted as unemployed., “It looks like the entire crust of Charon has been split open.", Activists say the Islamic State group did not hold Friday prayers in several mosques in Raqqa, fearing new Russian airstrikes., National Day fireworks show was staged over Hong Kong’s Victoria Harbor., null, null, The latest data out of China is sending mixed signals about its economy. For more on China's economy, CCTV America sopke to Carsten Holz, Professor of Social Sciences at Hong Kong's University of Science & Technology., The National Development Planning Ministry has claimed Indonesia will be "slum-free" by 2019. Poor sanitation and a severe lack of education among the residents have made the slum areas (over 30,000 hectares across the country) a breeding ground for some of the nation's deadliest diseases. While the state is confident that it would be capable of tackling the necessary infrastructure projects, convincing the slum-dwellers is another thing., null, null, null, The U.S. spends by far the most of any country in the world on healthcare, which accounts for nearly 17 percent of economic output. The number differs in other countries and regions in the world. For more on this topic, CCTV America was joined by Yevgeniy Feyman, fellow and deputy director of the Manhattan Institute’s Center for Medical Progress., null, In the dark hours of Wednesday morning, a large group of Peshmerga fighters gathered in Southwest Kirkuk. About 3,500 men were preparing to attack ISIL. On Wednesday, after the intensive attack, many ISIL fighters withdrew to their bastion Hawijah, around 55 Kilometers west of Kirkuk. And as coordinated operations between the Peshmergas and the U.S.-led coalition continue, more and more ISIL held villages are liberated, and steady progress in the fight against ISIL is being made., Xinjiang celebrates the 60th anniversary of its founding as an autonomous region., Guatemala is in the midst of a political scandal that forced its former President and Vice President to step down., Watch old footage of Mao Zedong declaring Oct. 1 China's National Day., Obama addressing nation on today's school shooting events in Oregon in a few minutes. Watch live here:, UPDATE: Oregon Attorney general says 13 killed and gunman is also dead., Located in the northwest of the country, Xinjiang contains abundant oil reserves and is one of China’s largest natural gas-producing areas. Modern industries, logistics and tourism are the new driving forces of the region’s economy., The talks, to be held by video teleconference, come a day after Russian fighter jets began bombing in western Syria., China said on Wednesday that it arrested two Japanese citizens for suspected espionage. 
Chinese authorities say that they are looking into whether the two men had acted under instructions from the Japanese government. Japan’s Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga denied that the Japanese government had sent spies to China when asked on Thursday., President Ernest Bai Koroma on what China is doing for Sierra Leone: "China has helped "in the way of grants to grow the road network" and other infrastructure projects." http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=85329, At the United Nations this session, members states addressed the causes of the refugee crisis affecting the Middle East and Europe.
At a high-level meeting on migration, there were fresh calls for smarter policies and a global solution. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=85418, null, Tesla's new Model X vehicle starts selling at $132,000. Read More: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=85258, As Russia moves further into Syria, warning the U.S. government to stay clear of airspace while they conduct missions they say are targeting ISIL positions and support the Assad regime, top U.S. officials have criticisms. Top U.S. officials claim the air strikes are not targeting ISIL positions and that the Russian military acted ‘unprofessionally.’, A Brazilian education tech startup is now helping millions of students with an accessible e-learning business., Women in China used to get their cosmetics from France or Japan. But now more and more Chinese women are looking to South Korea for beauty products., Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari on Mandarin being taught in African schools: "Communication is very important. Learning languages from other cultures helps broaden your view...", A mass vaccination drive is underway in Zimbabwe. Authorities are aiming to vaccinate around 30% of the population using a special combination for the first time., President Ernest Bai Koroma on Sierra Leone coming out of war and getting back on track as a country "when a country comes from war it requires the whole infrastructure, you have to start from scratch., he Brazilian government wants to reinstate an old tax on financial transactions to help re-balance its battered accounts. But convincing people to give more of their money to authorities is proving a tough sell with citizens questioning the government’s fiscal responsibility., Global coffee prices have taken a steep plunge, but Africa’s biggest coffee exporter still manages to prosper., Three years ago, the U.N. voted to give the State of Palestine non-member observer status, and up until now, it has been unable to fly its flag alongside the 193 member states., null, President Muhammadu Buhari On Chinese President Xi's comments about Africa at the UN: "It was very impressive and something that Nigeria has already started benefiting from...", Of the 193 U.N. members, 119 voted in favor (including China), eight against (including America), and 45 declined to vote., We ask Jimmy Wales one more question about where he goes online besides Wikipedia. Watch the full interview on Global Business tonight at 8 p.m. eastern, 8 a.m. Beijing time: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=85387, Read this and you'll find out what (and who) nephrite, shashlik, and Nigmat are., The issue has plagued China’s rural areas since 1982 due to the traditional preferences for sons and, obviously, the one-child policy., It’s estimated that China has about 20 million martyrs. Currently only 1.93 million, less than 10 percent, have been named in the government’s records., Typhoon Dujuan has already left three dead and more than 300 injured in Taiwan., The blasts occurred in at least 17 different sites within Liucheng county. Officials say there may be as many as 60 suspicious parcels being investigated. 
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/09/30/series-of-explosions-across-southwest-china#ixzz3nEQbij3C 

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, null, null, http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/09/29/university-choir-performs-for-inmates-in-brazil, null, null, null, On Wednesday, the focus will be on Palestine when the Palestinian flag will fly at the UN. After last year’s war in Gaza and the recent conflict in East Jerusalem, the prospects for peace between Palestinians and Israelis seem even more remote., CCTV America's Shraysi Tandon interviewed Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, Africa’s first democratically-elected female president and a Noble Peace Prize winner. Tandon asked Sirleaf one more question on whether there is a price to pay for all the international accolades and recognition she's received. Watch the Interview on Global Business, tonight at 8 p.m. Eastern, 8 a.m. Beijing time. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=84806, Art education in Chinese schools is believed to be inadequate and has been sidelined, compared to schools in western countries.
Due to the pressures resulting from the gaokao art education in Chinese schools has long been considered subordinate to other compulsory courses such as Chinese, math, and English — subjects in which students will be tested on in the exam., “It suggests that it would be possible for there to be life today on Mars,” NASA‘s science mission chief John Grunsfeld said., Watch this incredible video montage of monster tidal bore waves in eastern China., Typhoon Dujuan hit the coastal city of Putian of Fujian Province at around 8:50 a.m., packing winds of up to 33 meters per second (74 mph), said the Fujian Meteorological Service., China's first lady is a singer and performed at New York's Lincoln Center 10 years ago. Learn more about Peng Liyuan here:
http://china.cctv-america.com/2015/09/23/the-peony-fairy-peng-liyuan-chinas-first-lady/, Champions of the Earth honored by the UN, Hit TV show becomes a tourism hit in Northern Ireland, null, null, People in Peru using social media to fight back against criminals, null, Preserving culture and history despite renovations in Kashgar, Xinjiang, It has been an extraordinary day at the United Nations Headquarters in New York as some of the world’s most powerful leaders addressed the UN General Assembly. One of those leaders was China’s President Xi Jinping., “The international community and the U.N. should support African countries in creating their own capacity in keeping peace and stability so that African issues can be addressed in an African way,” Xi said., Chinese First Lady Peng Liyuan visits Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts and the Juilliard School in New York on Monday. #XiUSAVisit #XiJinping., Chinese President #XiJinping addresses United Nations Leaders' Summit on Peacekeeping.  Xi says that #China will help train 2,000 foreign peacekeepers in next 5 years, and will provide $100 million free military aid to African Union., Xi Jinping addressing United Nations Leaders' Summit on Peacekeeping now. Discussed more about China's $1 billion pledge for a UN peace and development fund and he honors He Zhihong, a U.N. peacekeeper from China who died in Haiti in 2010: http://www.un.org/en/memorial/haiti/zhihong.shtml, Martin Winterkorn, Volkswagen’s CEO, resigned Wednesday — days after the world’s top-selling carmaker admitted that it had rigged diesel emissions to pass U.S. tests during his tenure. Under German law, it is not possible to bring charges against a company, only against individuals., India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi tours Silicon Valley and hits up Facebook for a town hall discussion., VIDEO: China's President Xi Jinping pledged $1 billion over the next decade to support the United Nation’s efforts to further international cooperation and global peace and development. #XiJinping

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/09/28/xi-jinping-announces-1b-un-fund-and-thousands-more-in-peacekeeping-troops#ixzz3n3KvDyKH 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, #XiJinping announces major funding and troop contribution to United Nations General Assembly this afternoon., "This is a clearly disappointing exploration outcome" – Marvin Odum, president of Shell USA, speaking in The Hague, Netherlands., Chinese President #XiJinping announces that China is to set aside $1 billion for a peace and development fund with the United Nations. Meanwhile, China is to join the United Nations capability readiness system, and set up a permanent #peacekeeping force of 8000 troops. Xi also announces that China is to provide African Union $100 million in military assistance for peacekeeping missions in next 5 years. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=84741, Xi Jinping also announces that China will build an 8,000-strong UN peacekeeping force during his speech at the UNGA: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=84741

China currently is one of the top contributing nations to UN peacekeeping operations:, China's President #XiJinping addressing United Nations General Assembly: "China's UN vote belongs to developing nations." Commits $1 billion in assistance to a China UN Peace and Development fund over 10 years: READ MORE and watch the complete speech: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=84741, Xi Jinping addressing the United Nations right now.

"The growing gap between rich and poor is both unsustainable and unfair."

"Diversity breeds exchanges, exchanges create integration, and integration makes progress possible. In their interactions civilizations must respect their differences."

"No civilization is superior to another."

"To build a sound ecology is vital to mankind's future... we should respect nature, follow nature's ways, and protect nature... China will shoulder its share of its responsibility... we also urge developed countries to fulfill their historical responsibility... and help undeveloped countries mitigate and adapt to climate change."

"China will continue to stand together with other developing countries. We firmly support greater representation of developing countries, especially African  countries in the international governance system."

**Xi announces creation of a $1 billion China UN Peace and Development over next ten years.

**Xi Jinping also announces that China will build an 8,000-strong UN peacekeeping force., Connecting the Asia-Pacific economic circle in the east and the European economic circle in the west, it’s currently the longest economic corridor with the greatest potential in the world., Syria cannot “return to the pre-war status quo,” Obama said during his annual address to the United Nations General Assembly., Photos: This year marks the 70th anniversary of the founding of the  United Nations . These pictures show historical moments compared with the way the building looks today. (Photo credit: Xinhua)  #Xijinping #XiUSAVisit Read more about UN history at: http://china.cctv-america.com/2015/09/26/background-on-70-years-of-the-united-nations/, As financial centers, both Shanghai and New York have iconic aspects that showcase their respective countries. What are some interesting facts at the heart of each city? Come find out more. #XiUSAVisit #XiJinping, There is no denying that as the world’s second largest economy, China’s global economic influence is significant., Liberia's Ellen Johnson Sirleaf discusses what it's like making choices as a women in power., Some are skeptical of the UN's pledge to try and gain equality status for women around the world in the near future., A look at U.S. President Barack Obama's motorcade from his time in New York City for #UNGA, New York City is flooded every year with leaders and press from around the world. They come for the #UNGA. Here's a cool lay of the land that will give you a sense of what it's like to be there., U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Sunday called on world leaders to take actions as well as make commitment to secure gender equality throughout the world. #XiUSAVisit #XiJinping, Chinese President #XiJinping has announced a $10 million donation to the U.N. agency promoting women’s rights to implement the 1995 blueprint adopted by world leaders to achieve gender equality — which remains a new U.N. goal for 2030.

He said China will also finance 100 projects to send poor girls to school, train 30,000 women from developing countries in China, and provide training opportunities for 100,000 women in other developing countries., Perspectives on China are shifting among Americans, according to new data., CCTV’s Tang Bo spoke to some Chinese U.N. employees to see how they are contributing., Chinese President #XiJinping announces that China will donate $10 million to UN Women at the World Conference on Women, Chinese President #XiJinping presents Zun of Peace to the United Nations, commemorating the its 70th anniversary., A Chinese Film festival in Washington, D.C. coincided with President #Xijinping's state visit., Happy Mid-Autumn Festival" (中秋快乐), Chinese First Lady Peng Liyuan, UNESCO's Special Envoy for the Advancement of Girls' and Women's Education, delivers a speech in English at the Global Education First Initiative event at the United Nations in New York on Sept 26, 2015. #XiUSAVisit #XiJinping, Happy Mid-Autumn Festival! 中秋快乐！#XiUSAVisit #XiJinping, Whether it’s music, painting or sculpture – the arts are a universal language — transcending language and cultural barriers and bringing people together in a shared human experience., null, Chinese President #XiJinping is in the United States for an official state visit this week. It included meetings at the White House with President Barack Obama and a state dinner hosted by the U.S. president and First Lady Michelle Obama., "I said I hope all children especially girls can have access to good education. This is my Chinese dream. I believe one day education first will no longer be a dream, it will be a reality enjoyed by every young woman on this planet," said China's first lady Peng Liyuan at United Nations on Saturday.#Xijinping, Chinese President #XiJinping on Saturday called for equitable, open and all-round development while addressing the UN Sustainable Development Summit in New York., Chinese President #XiJinping announced on Saturday that China will provide $2 billion to support South-South cooperation when addressing the United Nations Sustainable Development Summit at the UN headquarters in New York., With a wide array of promises in place from both China and the U.S., what does all of this mean for the global economy?, The death toll has risen to 769 in the deadly hajj stampede outside Mecca., Our United Nations correspondent Liling Tan took a look back at the world body and its influence over the past 70 years.#XiUSAVisit, CCTV’s Hou Na spoke to some college students in Beijing to see how they view China’s growing influence., CCTV-America’s Wang Xin conducted an interview with U.S Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz who talked about the 2014 China-U.S joint commitments on climate change as well as the ongoing and future collaborations between the two countries on this matter.#Xijinping, The leaders of the two countries have said that they have made progress on a number of topics including cyber espionage, economic trade and climate change. #XiJinping #XiUSAVisit, "The international community has a duty to help developing countries with capacity building and provide them with support and assistance tailored to their actual needs,” Xi said.  #XiJinping #XiUSAvisit, China's GDP is becoming a bigger and bigger share of global GDP., The United Nations General Assembly is one of the six principal organs of the United Nations and the only one in which all member nations have equal representation. #XiUSAVisit #XiJinping, null, Chinese President #XiJinping promoted peace and advanced cooperation between China and the United States during an official state visit at the White House., In the tech world, Israel is known as the “Startup Nation”. After China and the United States, it has more Nasdaq listed companies than any country in the world., When the White House needs a woman’s touch, American leaders have turned to the First Lady. #XiUSAVisit, CCTV's Tian Wei spoke to Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang who is travelling with President #Xijinping on this state visit., The Chinese social media hit., null, From climate change to cybertheft and the South China Sea, China and the U.S. reached important agreements and tried manage their differences.#Xijinping, President #Xijinping is slated for several events at the U.N., including a Global Leaders’ meeting on gender equality before his speech on Monday to the General Assembly., Canada, Japan, and Mexico were America's top trade partners in 1990. Can you guess which countries are in the top three now? (We'll give you a hint - China's one of them ;), Mexico says corrupt local police turned the students over to members of a drug cartel who killed them and burned their bodies., Both Chinese President #XiJinping and U.S. President Barack Obama expressed the need for China and the United States to work together., VIDEO: Obama's greet President Xi and first lady for state dinner. Nice how President Xi's pocket square  matched his wife's dress. #XiJinping  #XiUSAVisit, Who made the cut for the White House China state dinner? Here is the complete list., This brush technique, very difficult to perfect, is making a comeback and American art enthusiasts are among its many fans., Find out what Americans think of China --- and what Chinese think of the United States. (That's a picture of a baozi and apple pie btw. think about it...), The Venezuelan government said it was cracking down on smuggling criminal groups operating between Colombia and Venezuela., Charting the money between China and the US., The families are demanding the government continue its investigation of their disappearance, with oversight from human rights and international groups., US Secretary of State John Kerry wishes China a happy Mid-Autumn Festival（中秋节）. This Sunday (9/27) is the Chinese traditional Mid-Autumn Day. It is held on the 15th day of the eighth month in Chinese lunar calendar. It is a festival to celebrate harvest with families and friends. Part of the tradition is to have Mooncake on this day. Watch as CCTV anchor Wang Mangmang shows us how to make Mooncake (月饼)., Did you miss it? Here's the full text of Obama and Xi's press conference this afternoon: http://wp.me/p6IuJo-jT, null, During the press conference, House Speaker John Boehner said  that he woke up Friday morning and decided that "today's the day I'm going to do this.", Guests for state dinner so far include R&B singer Ne-Yo, filmmaker Lee Daniels: http://wp.me/p6IuJo-jz, Our panda cub now has a name!, Obama also said the United States and China have struck an agreement not to conduct or knowingly support cybertheft of trade secrets or competitive economic information.

He announced the agreement during a joint news conference with Chinese President Xi Jinping. Obama describes it as a common understanding of the way forward.

Obama says he raised his "very serious concerns" about growing cyberthreats in his meeting with Xi. He says he told Xi that "it has to stop."

The president says the U.S. and China are addressing their disagreements "candidly and constructively."

The White House says the agreement covers trade secrets and other confidential business information where the intent is to provide a competitive advantage to a country's companies or commercial sectors.

China also said it will commit $3.1 billion to help developing countries reduce carbon emissions, one of a series of measures taken with the U.S. to combat climate change.

A joint statement issued after a summit between President Barack Obama and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping listed a series of measures taken to flesh out their pledge, made last year, to work to reduce emissions.

The U.S. earlier pledged $3 billion to a United Nations fund to aid developing nations reduce emissions.

The statement said China's financial support would aim to "help developing countries build low-carbon and climate-resilient societies."

China also pledged to launch a national system to limit greenhouse gases and force industries to purchase pollution credits, to take effect in 2017.

The two countries also committed to aligning their positions in negotiations on a broader global climate change treaty at a Paris conference in December.

Obama says he wants 1 million American school children to learn Chinese in the next five years.

(Source AP), What do our flags and songs say about us? FYI: The Chinese flag was designed from an open competition to the public, and the melody to the U.S. national anthem was based off a old British drinking song... Like this post? Check out more of our news at www.cctv-america.com and LIKE us on Facebook., "30 years ago during my first visit to the U.S., I was hosted by an American family in Muscatine, Iowa. My hosts were so warm, sincere, and friendly.  We had cordial conversations and we hugged tightly when we had to say goodbye...3 years ago, I went back to Muscatine, and had a reunion with my old friends there. They said to me, friendship is a big business," says Chinese president #XiJinping during a speech at the White House. #XiUSAvisit, Following the welcome ceremony Obama and Xi continued their three-hour talks from Thursday night in Blair House talks., "Success comes with dedicated efforts. China-US relations have reached a new starting point in the 21st century. For further growth of our relations, we have no choice but to seek win-win cooperation. Let us work hand in hand with great resolve to write a new chapter in China-US relations," says Chinese president #XiJinping, LIVE: Military band marches playing flute, trumpet, receives inspection by #China President #XiJinping, US President Obama #XIUSAVisit, null, null, null, null, null, null, President Xi’s U.S. visit may bring about more collaborations in environment protection and clean technology., null, null, null, Hungary says it may again allow thousands to pass through its territory, as long as they continue west towards Austria and Germany. With the lack of unity, there’s increasing worry about where tens of thousands of people will be housed as winter approaches., With China's President Xi Jinping visiting the U.S. it provides an opportunity to learn more about China.  Check out the culture page on our web site to learn about places to visit, food and the people of China. CLICK HERE: http://china.cctv-america.com/category/culture/, Check out these photos of the White House's State Dining Room (and dinners) since 1871., The Seattle Times reports that all four killed were students at North Seattle College. The Times interviewed Ron Chow, a representative of the Chinese consulate, who said that 48 students from six countries were involved in the collision. He wasn’t sure how many of them are Chinese, the Times reported., We've got a new way for you to watch CCTV America! Download our new app and watch anywhere on your smartphone or tablet. Let us know what you think. Search "CCTV America" on Google Play or iTunes., VIDEO: #XiJinping and first lady Peng Liyuan arrive at Andrews Air Force Base for the start of their state visit. Vice President Joe Biden and his wife Jill greeted them.  READ MORE: http://wp.me/p6IuJo-iG, Xi Jinping and delegation arrive in D.C. U.S. Vice President Joe Biden is the first to greet him. Full coverage: http://china.cctv-america.com/, Follow all the news and events as China's President Xi Jinping visits America., Guatemala confronted the largest environmental disaster in decades, as thousands of dead fish washed up along the banks of La Passion River., null, We don't know the guest list for the U.S.-China state dinner yet. But here's a peek at the menu and entertainment., It will be Colorado lamb on the menu and Grammy-winning R&B singer Ne-Yo as the entertainment, when President Barack Obama welcomes Chinese President #XiJinping to The White House for a state dinner on Friday.

Chinese-American guest chef Anito Lo will be cooking up a dinner inspired by the harvests of late summer and fall.

The menu is designed to highlight "American cuisine with nuances of Chinese flavors," the White House said Thursday.

That translates into wild mushroom soup with black truffle, poached Maine lobster, and grilled cannon of lamb with baby broccoli, and Chinese style Shaoxing wine. Dessert will be poppy seed bread and butter pudding with Meyer lemon curd sorbet.
(Photos Credit: People's Daily Weibo), Chinese President #XiJinping met with top executives of U.S. and Chinese tech companies at a China-U.S. CEO roundtable discussion in Seattle. The second picture from Tencent News shows who joined the meeting with their company logo.  #XiUSAVisit 

#XiJinping reassures U.S. business leaders on the positive aspects of the Chinese economy and called for boosting Sino-American win-win cooperation in trade.

"We support large American businesses in setting up regional headquarters or research and development centers in China, and encourage more small- and medium-sized companies to expand businesses in China. Meanwhile, China will keep increasing its investment in the United States," Xi said.

(Photo: AP, XINHUA, TENCENT), Chinese President #XiJinping toured the headquarters of Microsoft Corporation and encouraged the multinational company to deepen cooperation with Chinese partners.
In the Microsoft Envisioning Center, the first couple watched the demonstration of a series of high-tech products, including Microsoft HoloLens, a world-leading holographic computer; a real-time meteorological data visualization system; and ecosystem hardware made by Chinese engineers using Microsoft technology.
The Chinese president expressed the hope that Microsoft will deepen cooperation with its Chinese partners and bring more convenience and efficiency to modern life by inventing more smart products. #XiUSAVisit
(Photo: AP), A horrific stampede killed at least 717 pilgrims and injured a least 863 more Thursday on the outskirts of the holy city of Mecca in Saudi Arabia, the deadliest tragedy to strike the annual hajj pilgrimage in more than two decades. The tragedy struck as Muslims around the world marked the start of the Eid al-Adha holiday., null, China From Above: a short video that brings you an ultimate aerial journey to see a wonderful and colorful China. #XiUSAVisit #XiJinping, Pandas like slides!, Currently, China is the second largest box office in the world, but it’s expected to surpass the U.S. by as early as 2018., World Health Organization Ambassador Peng Liyuan toured an HIV research lab in Seattle on her visit to the US., China’s decision last month to adjust its currency to better reflect the market, set the rate for the Yuan at a four-year low against the U.S. dollar., .One American player is being praised for the team’s victories. But the 38-year-old guard is more than an athlete., null, null, null, The UN refugee agency's representative in Macedonia warns that shoring-up Europe's borders will only bring more suffering and more deaths., The UN estimates the refugee population at a staggering 12 million people. The spread of ISIL into Syria, together with al-Qaeda’s presence in the country, has made matters worse. Russia’s increasing military and diplomatic support for President Bashar-al Assad and U.S. opposition to his rule are complicating the situation., As President Xi’s visit to the U.S. continues, both Chinese and U.S. officials see more potential., Unlike previous first ladies, Peng Liyuan is a well-known name in China. Here is a look at her humble beginnings, her rise as a musical superstar and her current administrative position. #XiUSAVisit, China's first lady Peng Liyuan tours an HIV vaccine lab at a research center in Seattle. Peng is a World Health Organization goodwill ambassador for the fight against HIV/AIDS.
Bill and Melinda Gates accompanied her on the tour.They will later host the Chinese President and the first lady for a private dinner.#XiUSAVisit 
Read more: Who's the Peony Fairy? Meet Peng Liyuan, China’s first lady http://china.cctv-america.com/2015/09/23/the-peony-fairy-peng-liyuan-chinas-first-lady/, In order to explore how Americans and Chinese think of Chinese food distinctively, we visited the china town in Washington, D.C. Watch the video in the post and see what we have found., Xi Jinping speaking now at Boeing in Everett, Washington: "The Boeing company has long been a supporter of business cooperation between China and the United States... You are excellent example of win-win business cooperation between China and the United States."

"Since the start of this year about a quarter of all the Boeing 737 planes being delivered by this company are being sold to China... Chinese airline companies have placed orders for 300 new Boeing planes."

"There is a Chinese saying: When the main river rises all the tributaries will be filled, so when China-U.S. relations do fine, American companies including Boeing will be even better equipped to cooperate with China."

Boeing presents Xi with a jacket and a window frame (with a picture of Xi and his wife in it) from a 747 commemorating his visit., Lincoln High School to sing a Chinese song “In the Field of Hopes” for Chinese President #XiJinping and first lady Peng Liyuan, who is known for singing that song. #XiUSAVisit, “We want to see more understanding and trust, less estrangement and suspicion, in order to forestall misunderstanding and miscalculation,” said Chinese president #XiJinping. #XiUSAVisit, A third of all international students in US are from China, Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=83744, The largest Chinatown in the United States is in San Francisco, spanning nearly 30 blocks. It’s also the country’s first Chinatown., "Sleepless in Seattle" has made Seattle a household name in China.

The American film "Sleepless in Seattle" and the Chinese film “Finding Mr. Right” are two romantic comedy films that portrayed the image of Seattle. So it is fair to say that Seattle has been considered America’s city of romance just like Paris in the eyes of people across the globe. #XiJinping #XiUSAVisit, HBO’s TV series Game of Thrones has been a hit with audiences worldwide. But in Northern Ireland the main filming location the show is popular for another reason. Production there has pumped around 170 million dollars into the local economy., null, For decades China has been the top textile manufacturing hub, but wages in China have been rising and so have energy costs. That is making some Chinese manufacturers look abroad for labor. Plants and factories are popping up in some unlikely places, including the United States., Millions of young Mexicans are having trouble finding jobs or getting an education in their country, which according to a recent economic report, is harming productivity. Government statistics show the number of Mexican youth finding jobs or continuing their education has increased about three percent since 2013. But in Latin America’s second economy, the fact that those who aren’t, still number in the millions, and remains a point of concern., Birth rates in Brazil have dropped significantly over the past several decades, a shift resulting in part from the country’s urbanization. While there may be fewer children, Brazil’s big cities continue to grow in population. Now, there are new worries about caring for its growing elderly demographic., The Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei economic zone is the biggest urbanized region in Northern China. Its full integration aims to combine Beijing’s culture and high-tech industries with Tianjin’s port facilities and the resources of the Hebei province., null, The United Nations refugee agency says the EU plan will need to be expanded. According to the UN High Commissioner for Refugees, the 120,000 people set for relocation is equivalent to the amount of people who arrive in just 20 days time across the border., Learn how D.C.'s Chinatown is becoming less Chinese. Watch now, for more on other Chinatowns. http://wp.me/p6IuJo-bH, UN: EU refugee relocation plan not good enough Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=83683, China asks people to drive less for World Car-Free Day, Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=83642, Learn about how D.C.'s Chinatown is becoming far less Chinese. Also watch CCTV America tonight at 9 p.m. eastern, 9 a.m. Beijing time for more about Chinatowns in United States., The U.S. and China are talking about cyber security., Sino-US tech cooperation big on Xi's US visit agenda Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=83595, Most American's don't know much about China's President. Learn more about #XiJinping here. #XiUSAVisit, Did the Chinese dish from your neighborhood restaurant originate in China?, Photos: Chinese President #XiJinping First Lady Peng Liyuan arrives for first US state visit #XiJinpingUSAVisit, VIDEO: President Xi Jinping and First Lady Peng Liyuan wave as they depart the plane outside Seattle, Washington. Coverage at http://china.cctv-america.com/  #XiUSAVisit  #XiJinping, President Xi Jinping and First Lady Peng Liyuan wave as they depart the plane outside Seattle, Washington. Coverage at http://china.cctv-america.com/, EU interior ministers were trying Tuesday to forge consensus on a plan to distribute 120,000 refugees throughout the 28-nation bloc according to mandatory quotas. The Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia are vehemently opposed to the quota plan, while Latvia and Poland are also skeptical., null, Chinese President Xi Jinping has landed in Seattle for the start of his U.S. visit.  Follow our coverage at http://china.cctv-america.com/, In a written interview with the Wall Street Journal, President Xi Jinping said that China’s economy is still operating within the “proper range” despite downward pressure, and addressed the importance of further economic reforms., “We reject reductive reasoning and lazy rhetoric that says conflict between the U.S. and China is inevitable, even when we’ve been tough with China where we disagree,” Rice said. “This isn’t a zero-sum game., The company is opening 30 stores in 30 days in the month of September alone. Plank plans to have more than 100 stores in China by the end of 2015., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, https://youtu.be/Q2t63zqU_nU, null, null, null, null, “Would you like something to drink?” “Yes, water please.” 
When served water in an American restaurant, it is usually iced and chilled. But in China, patrons are served hot water when they go out to eat.
Foreigners living abroad often learn that some of their simplest daily habits are practiced differently in their new country. 
Except for ice water or hot water, there are more. #XiUSAVisit, Research shows that women, at nearly every income level, are better givers. Studies say they don’t just donate more often, they also tend to donate in greater amounts., Chinese President Xi Jinping and his U.S. counterpart Barack Obama, have held two major one-on-one meetings since Xi took office in 2013. Each meeting has led to some landmark policy shifts., Since 1994, both cities have held a variety of economic, cultural, and educational exchanges, and Tacoma has hosted more than 30 delegations from Fuzhou, one of which guided the construction of Fuzhou Ting, a traditional wooden-beamed pavilion, as a gift from the people of Fuzhou in 2010., Pandas have long served as goodwill gestures from China to the world. There are currently 12 pandas in the US. 
How a baby #panda grows up? See photos below and explore the magic process. #XiUSAVisit #XiJinping, The document, “China’s Position Paper on the 70th Anniversary of the United Nations“, was released just ahead of President Xi Jinping’s upcoming visit to U.N. headquarters later this week to mark the organization’s 70th anniversary., However slight the variation, business in China has its own style. Since the details create the big picture, we decided to look at how someone in China would exchange a #businesscard and compare it with a more Western style., President Xi’s visit comes amid heated competition leading up to the U.S. presidential elections next year. Candidates have butted heads in debates over a number of issues with U.S. policies on China ranking high among them., Follow CCTV America's coverage of Chinese President Xi Jinping's state visit to the United States all this week on our special webpage and social media. CLICK HERE: http://china.cctv-america.com/, The U.S. president Barack Obama said, "President Xi is no stranger to the United States" during #XiJinping’s last U.S. visit. And here are some old pictures about Xi's previous #XiUSAVisit., Food has long been the link between Chinese and American cultures.
CCTV America will present a special series on Chinese culture in the U.S. - "China Takeaway" beginning Monday 9 P.M ET. The first episode will focus on Chinese food, or American-Chinese food. #XiJinping #XiUSAVisit, Beating domestic violence in Mexico

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/09/20/beating-domestic-violence-in-mexico, Cartagena brings the magic of the movies to the masses

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/09/20/cartagena-brings-the-magic-of-the-movies-to-the-masses, Enabling Mexico’s disabled through 'Pina Palmera'

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/09/20/enabling-mexicos-disabled-through-pina-palmera, Colombian painter surprises with his powerful memory

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/09/20/colombian-painter-surprises-with-his-powerful-memory, Do you still remember Ling Ling and Xing Xing, the giant pandas in USA?
They are the first two pandas sent to the United States as gifts from China in 1970s. During then US President Richard Nixon’s landmark visit to China, Mrs. Nixon told then Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai how much she enjoyed seeing the pandas at a Chinese zoo and then the premier replied that Chinese government would like to offer a pair of pandas to the people of the United States.
In April 1972, a couple of giant pandas, Ling Ling and Xing Xing, were sent to the United States.
Upon the two pandas' arrival, First Lady Pat Nixon donated the pandas to the National Zoo in Washington DC, where she welcomed them in an official ceremony. Over 20,000 people visited Ling Ling and Xing Xing on their first day at the National Zoo, and an estimated 1.1 million visitors came to see them the first year. #XiUSAVisit #XiJinping, More than 50 million people in Latin America have disabilities. Meet the organization and the people who are trying to give them ways to live independently and active. 

Find out what it's all about: Sunday, 19:00 EDT / 23:00 GMT, Monday 7:00 BJT., Piazzolla family gives tango a new twist in Argentina

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/09/20/piazzolla-family-gives-tango-a-new-twist-in-argentina, News Corp's Rupert Murdoch: Chinese president #XiJinping is very approachable. #XiUSAVisit, "We don't look at hire and fire philosophy, we like to get our people trained and go long-term. " #XiUSAVisit #XiJinping
Video credit: Studio of the Road to National Rejuvenation, #XiJinping was 32 years old when he first visited the United States in 1985, leading an agricultural delegation to the town of Muscatine, in Iowa.
The future President of China stayed with a local family in an unassuming home at 2911 Bonnie Drive in the little town. The house is now owned by two Chinese businessmen, Glad Cheng and Daniel Wang. 
Wang hopes the ‘Friendship House’ will present new opportunities to bridge the divide that sometimes exists between people in China and the U.S., drawing on President Xi’s special connection with Iowa. #XiUSAVisit, null, Pictures: State gifts presented by the U.S. presidents to Chinese counterparts
#XiUSAVisit, Need a break from all the news with something positive? Check out our America's Now piece on “Cinema in the Neighborhood” to see some kids with happy hearts. Here's when to tune in: Sunday, 19:00 EDT / 23:00 GMT, Monday 7:00 BJT., null, Follow CCTV America's coverage of Chinese President Xi Jinping's state visit to the United States all this week on our special webpage and social media., null, null, null, The data about violence against women in Mexico is startling. The government estimates 80 percent of women have been the victims of abuse. Tune in to this week's America's Now to meet a woman who has been a force for change in the Yucatan. 

America's Now: Sunday, 19:00 EDT / 23:00 GMT, Monday 7:00 BJT., null, null, Taste of warmth. Happy weekend!, Astor Piazzolla’s musical genius is credited for transforming the music of the tango. While his music was “classic” it challenged tradition. Now his grandson Pipi Piazzolla is passing on his revolutionary work.

Be sure to tune in to America's Now on Sunday, 19:00 EDT / 23:00 GMT, Monday 7:00 BJT., Follow Chinese president #XiJinping's first state visit to the U.S. on this special page for more update and analysis. #XiUSAVisit, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Donohue, leading CEOs, and former U.S. cabinet members met with Xi Jinping just before the two-day dialogue meeting., BUNS! Glorious buns! 

A popular Beijing restaurant that sells stuffed steamed bun will set up a baozi culture research center to help its employees “better understand the cultural significance of the traditional Chinese food,” according to the Qingfeng company’s official website., An old friend of #XiJinping wishes him well on his state visit. Luca Berrone met President Xi in 1985 when he chauffeured Xi around Iowa during Xi’s visit there. Berrone, general manager of industrial equipment manufacturer SACMI USA in Urbandale, Iowa was a founding member of Iowa Sister States. Xi invited Berrone to visit with him in Seattle during his upcoming state visit. Berrone accepted and recorded a video greeting to Xi on social media. #XiUSAVisit, On this day in 1931, the Japanese army invaded the northeastern provinces of China, and began their 14-year-long occupation of the entire northeast region., These incredible new NASA images make you feel like you're flying over Pluto in a plane. And it apparently looks a lot more Earth-like than scientists were expecting.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=83089, “I’ve loved this kind of work ever since I was a child. I want to learn and open my own company one day,” said Bernard Okumbi, a welder for CRBC., BREAKING via Associated Press: Japan parliament OKs security bills to loosen constraints on military, giving it greater role., Both China and the U.S. should cooperate on cyber security, China's ambassador to the U.S, Cui Tiankai, said in an interview. He added that it's better to work together, that confrontation won’t help either side, and that both sides should work together on a set of rules. #cybersecurity #XiUSAVisit, Yang Jinjun fled to the U.S. in 2001. He was the general manager of the Minghe Group in the eastern Chinese city of Wenzhou and was wanted by China on suspicion of corruption and bribery., http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=82971, Opposition lawmakers tried to physically prevent the vote in a chaotic scene carried live on national television. The legislation has sparked huge protests from ordinary voters., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=82950, null, null, null, Back in 1985 a young #XiJinping visited the small U.S. town of Muscatine, Iowa. He stayed with a local family and met many Iowans who left a lasting impression on the man who go on to become China’s president. Xi returned to Muscatine as vice president and has kept in touch with some of the families he met.

Two Chinese businessmen recently bought the house where Xi stayed. On Thursday they opened it to the public as the Sino-U.S. Friendship House — a place where Iowans can come to learn more about China and Chinese visitors can learn more about the United States.

Daniel Wang, one of the men behind the Friendship House gave us a special advance preview. Here’s a sneak peek of our report.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=82780&preview_id=82780#ixzz3m13h1BMr 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, China, the world’s second biggest economy, promised to cut carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by 60 to 65 percent by 2030, from 2005 levels., Climate change, cyber security, and the South China Sea are all on the list., The 8.3 earthquake that struck Chile last night was the biggest so far this year., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, A border incident between Colombia and Venezuela has prompted Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro to order the closure of major border crossing points., Waves triggered by 8.3-magnitude earthquake have started hitting the coastline of Chile, according to the country's National Emergency Office. Residents in coastal areas are asked to evacuate following the tsunami alert. More info: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=82683, null, U.S. National Weather Service reporting a tsunami has been generated that could potentially impact the U.S. West Coast, British Columbia, or Alaska. The U.S. National Tsunami Warning Center is analyzing the event to determine the level of danger., null, null, null, Interim President Michel Kafando and Prime Minister Lt. Col. Yacouba Isaac Zida had been tasked with organizing the Oct. 11 presidential election, which many hoped would strengthen the country’s democracy after the 27-year rule of Compaore., Our reporter travels to Muscatine Iowa, to interview those who knew Xi Jinping when he stayed there in 1985. Follow https://twitter.com/jimspellmanTV for more., “If he could give some assurance to foreign newspaper people and academics about their ability to work in China and the ability of business people to work in China, I think that would solidify the base for better relationship with China,” Ezra Feivel Vogel said., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, China as you've never seen it before., Frustrations are on the rise., Stair-climbing machines have been introduced in Beijing, in a bid to help the elderly move up and down staircases in old apartment buildings without #elevators., Members of an Asian American fraternity are charged with hazing and conspiracy in the death of a 19-year-old college freshman.  
READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=82202, He's been to Muscatine, Iowa twice., Chinese people love Minions !
"Minions" grossed $19.5 million (123 million yuan) on its release Sept.13, making it the biggest opening day for an animated film in Chinese cinemas. It beat "Kung Fu Panda 2" which set the record in 2011.
 
According to statistics released from Maoyan.com, a movie ticket sales platform, "Minions" has pulled in more than $25 million (160 million yuan) as of Sept. 15.
 
Serving as a prequel to the "Despicable Me" franchise, the "Minions"' first day ticket sales were five times of that of "Despicable Me 2", which earned a total of $50 million (323 million yuan) in the Chinese market in 2014.

Photos: Xinhua, The Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) said on Tuesday that #Yongbyon #nuclear site, the country’s main nuclear complex, has resumed operations after being shuttered in 2007.
In an interview with the DPRK’s KCNA News Agency, the unnamed director of the Atomic Energy Institute said all facilities at the Yongbyon nuclear complex, including a five-megawatt reactor, had “started normal operations”. The director also said the DPRK had been forced to do this because of the hostile policy of the U.S.., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Virtually all countries have at least some SOEs. They can be run by the central government — think of the U.S. Post Office or Veteran’s Affairs — or local governments (such as a Department of Motor Vehicles, which in the U.S. is run state by state)., The pot had a diameter of 6.6 meters (21.6 feet) and a depth of 1.5 meters (4.9 feet) and weighed an astonishing 7 tons., The government will pay each homeowner 1.3 times the assessed price or the contract price, depending on whatever is higher., The glass drawbridge will be 180-meters (591 feet) above the ground, at a national park in south central Hunan province., China sent its ninth high-definition Earth observation satellite into orbit by a Long March 2D rocket on Monday from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center, northwest China's Gansu Province.  MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/09/14/china-launches-ninth-hd-earth-observation-satellite, VIDEO: A truck fell off a 10-meter-high bridge on Thursday morning after running into an electric bicycle in Haikou, capital of south China's Hainan Province. The cyclist died in the accident, while the truck driver is in critical condition., null, null, A devastating #drought has been plaguing the state of #California for years. Governor Jerry Brown has called it “an unprecedented, very serious situation.” The circumstances are so dire, farmers in the Central Valley have resorted to using #wastewater from oil fields to irrigate their crops. Ingenious solution? Or dangerous health risk?, #Colombia’s 50-year armed conflict has forced tens of thousands of farmers and peasants off their land.  Now, as survivors try to recover that territory, they could lose their lives., EU members gather in Brussels to discuss refugee crisis

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/09/13/eu-members-gather-in-brussels-to-discuss-refugee-crisis, null, null, “#Danzon”, the sensuous dance is characterized by twirling, dipping and embracing. This is the new dance that Mexico’s youth are embracing, which is really not new at all. It was born in Cuba in the mid-1800’s incorporating African and European musical influences. Take a look at some images of “Danzon” dancing in Mexico City.
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=81535, Don't miss Americas Now this week on Sunday at 7 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time. Watch live here: http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream/, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Don't miss Americas Now this week on Sunday at 7 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time. Watch live here: http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream/, Netflix, the world’s leading internet television network, has aired an original series called Narcos profiling the rise and fall of the infamous Escobar., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, State owned enterprise reform in China is becoming a higher priority, even though China hasn’t yet announced a reform plan. Restructuring and consolidation efforts have already been put in place., An Oil and Gas summit in Colombia this week brought up a discussion on ways Colombia can remain competitive and optimistic in a crisis., A state run coffee agency now says that more coffee shops are opening up around the country as people are beginning to enjoy coffee more and more., The terror attacks changed America. They resulted in more security at home and wars abroad. Within hours of the attacks one group of people in the United States was beginning to realize that 9/11 would change their lives too., null, Learn more about the most sacred mosque in Islam:, Somber ceremonies were held across the United States to mark 14 years since the Al-Qaeda terror attacks on the U.S. on September 11, 2001., Don't miss Americas Now this week on Sunday at 7 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time. Watch live here: http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream/, UPDATE: Latest death count at 107, with 238 injured., CCTV’s Yang Rui sat down with Chinese State Councilor Yang Jiechi, who spoke about the current and future state of China-U.S. relations., Don't miss Americas Now this week on Sunday at 7 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time. Watch live here: http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream/

CCTV Correspondent Mike Kirsch travels to California’s Central Valley to find out how they're using oil waste water for irrigation: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=81399, A crane collapse in Saudi Arabia has caused at least 87 deaths.  154 people were wounded in the accident.  Videos and photos posted by social media users showed a grisly scene, with police and onlookers attending to multiple bloodied bodies on the polished mosque floors., Of the total amount, 940,000 yuan ($147,000) is a “martyrdom payment,” while the rest is 30 times the average annual urban salary, according to the civil affairs department of the Binhai New Area where the explosions occurred., Cool new photo wall of the people that bring you the news at CCTV America., The rainstorms have reportedly triggered at least 60 landslides.
100,000 people have evacuated. 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, They understand each other. The tallest couple in the world is from China. That according to the 2016 Guinness World Records.
Sun Mingming is 7 ft 8.98 in (236.17 cm) and Xu Yan is 6 ft 1.74 in (187.3 com). Guess what they do for a living?  
VIDEO AND MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=81499, Guo, 24, rose to prominence in 2011, after photos of her extravagant lifestyle went viral on Chinese social media.  While boasting about her luxury cars and handbags online, she had claimed that she was working as the “commercial manager” at China’s Red Cross Society.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Russia's military presence in Syria has grown significantly, including a rise in military personnel., null, He's teaching students one laugh at a time, Friday’s election will be Singapore’s first election after the death of its founding Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew. Many see his passing in March as an end of an era for Singapore., The country has seen the deadliest upsurge in violence since a fragile two-year peace process between the Turkish state and the country’s Kurdish rebel group, the PKK, was broken in July., So far, they’ve produced a thousand comic books, and they’re hoping to shoot animated movies too., If the thought of not being with your phone makes you anxious, this is a must-read:, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro issued a state of emergency last month and has closed several border crossings with Colombia, deployed thousands of troops and deported some 1,400 Colombians in a crackdown on smuggling and crime., null, null, “I stay in the bed alone every day. Nobody talks to me, hands over me water or tea,” 81-year-old Mr. Shang said. He was hoping to find happiness and to lessen his children’s burden of caring for him., The United States will boost its worldwide quota for resettling refugees from 70,000 to 75,000 next year, a number that could increase further. A fraction of those would be from Syria., Funny, pandas don't look like Winnie the Pooh.  Pandas love hunny too!, This year, Jordan is the guest country of honor., Bones of ancient human relative discovered in South African cave

Scientists say they’ve discovered a new member of the human family tree, revealed by a huge trove of bones in a barely accessible, pitch-dark chamber of a cave in South Africa.

The creature shows a surprising mix of human-like and more primitive characteristics — some experts called it “bizarre” and “weird.” The human relative also appeared to bury its dead.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=81247

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 

Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, null, null, null, null, null, How baby gorillas are inspiring conservation efforts in Rwanda., null, null, null, An environmental advisor warned that climate change is affecting the frequency and scale of sandstorms in the Middle East. The latest sandstorm posed severe health risks to the local population as it contained ultra-fine particles that were "more likely to enter your bloodstream, carrying all the pollutants in the air", he said., Tibet wants you to try its “beer from the roof of the world.” The beverage uses mainly Himalayan spring water, barley and yeast as ingredients. Around 30 percent of the malt content is derived from the huskless native Tibetan barley., If you're in you're 60s, you've probably only known the reign of QEII. She's now ruled longer than any other U.K. King or Queen., The most technologically-advanced mooncake you'll ever eat., Yes, she's been fired., Every birthday celebration needs cake! Even panda birthdays., Now you can watch CCTV America on our iPhone and Android app. Our livestream is available worldwide on any smartphone. And it’s free!
You can also get the latest news headlines and connect to CCTV America on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and Weibo. And if you can’t watch, our broadcasts are available in the U.S. for listening with a simple phone call.  It’s also easy to send us a news tip, photo or short video directly from the Reporter tab.

Go to iTunes or Google Play and search “CCTV America” to download today. 

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/09/01/download-the-cctv-america-app-to-watch-live#ixzz3lFo6Qs17 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Throughout Syria’s 4-year civil war, the U.S. has accepted only about 1,500 Syrians — a tiny percentage of the 11.6 million people who have been chased out of the country or uprooted from their homes., A Hungarian camerawoman was fired after she was filmed tripping migrants who were fleeing police on Tuesday at a collection point in Roszke, Hungary.

According to video footage circulating online, the woman, who worked for the Hungarian news site N1TV, apparently tripped a man carrying a child as crowds of migrants, mainly Syrians, escaped from police at Hungary's border with Serbia.  The man fell down on top of the boy he carried, screaming with anger.
N1TV fired the camerawoman with immediate effect after seeing the footage online, criticizing her behavior as “unacceptable,” according to Reuters.

As the video clips went viral, there was an outpouring of condemnation among internet users worldwide., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, From love squares, to WWII dramas, to kung-fu honor, these are the shows that Chinese people are watching..., We've got a new way for you to watch CCTV America! Download our new app and watch anywhere on your smartphone or tablet. Let us know what you think. Search "CCTV America" on Google Play or iTunes., Migrants have been in the news a lot lately. So have refugees. Quite often, they’re being referred to in the same news story. Here’s why that is., The $6.4 million settlement still needs the approval of a board that oversees Baltimore's spending. The board meets Wednesday., Lyrics include: “Your violence is but a Silent cry for love. Your combat boots long for affection. You have never learned to articulate yourself.”, Germany and Sweden pushing for EU quotas to accept refugees, while many Eastern European countries against proposal. Denmark also publishes advertisement in Lebanese newspapers warning migrants not to go to Denmark., More than 6,000 civilians, army and government staff joined a parade. The army, police and paramilitary troops marched through the square armed and in battle dress, while civilian formations walked wearing Tibetan attire, singing, dancing and releasing colorful balloons., The talks were allegedly focused on the timing and venue for the reunion event, and differences emerged over when to hold it., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Gigi's photography blog, called Swagabonds, shows another side of Skid Row. It documents the street fashion of the people of living there and she is now working on a fashion line with the same name. 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, reflecting on “a moving, in some parts breathtaking, weekend behind us,” said on Monday that all EU countries should help to accommodate the human tide of Arabs, Asians, and Africans seeking refuge from war and poverty., Bump, set, spike! China overpowered Japan 3-1 to win its fourth women’s volleyball World Cup title over the weekend., A Tibetan couple's photos featuring both traditional and modern culture were a big hit on social media., An estimated 7,400 Naraha residents are being allowed to return home after the evacuation order was lifted. But it's not known how many residents will return permanently to a town that is still without hospitals, supermarkets, and many daily essentials., The Tibet Autonomous Region was founded on Sept. 1, 1965, after the establishment of the regional People’s Congress, which is the local legislature., "A deep economic recession has produced lawlessness and an extremely high crime rate.", null, null, null, null, null, China has issued a white paper on Tibet ahead of the 50th anniversary of the founding of the ethnic autonomous region., The #Olympic sailing competition will take place on #Guanabara Bay in #Rio next year. The water quality of the Bay, however, has been a source of controversy and local protesters have been urging for more cleanup. A group of artists is trying to alleviate the problem by taking the trash and making art out of it. #Rio2016, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=80260, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger played a major role with opening relations between China and the United States in the 1970’s. Now more than 40 years later, the American diplomat shares his thoughts about President Xi Jinping’s upcoming visit to the U.S., and China’s economy along with his own legacy., As the school year gets underway, a small group of kids in Mexico will be opening their text books in a unique environment: a classroom on wheels (the last of its kind)., Finance Ministers from G20 member states are in the Turkish capital of Ankara for meetings on the global economic situation., This weekend 24 new baby gorillas will get something precious -- a name., Disney sponsors unboxing events around the world for the release of new Star Wars merchandise. But did they co-opt the phenomenon that is unboxing? You decide..., null, UK announces it will take 4,000 more refugees and migrants, while  Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia rejected any quota system for accepting migrants in the EU's 28 members., A Syrian woman and her two young sons who drowned on a desperate voyage from Turkey to Greece were buried Friday in their hometown of Kobani, returning to the conflict-torn Syrian Kurdish region they had fled., One Syrian man was so desperate to not be registered in Hungary that he removed his fingerprints with acid., The U.S. Labor Department said Friday that the jobless rate fell to 5.1 percent — a level consistent with a normal economy and the lowest since April 2008 — from 5.3 percent in July.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, null, null, null, null, http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/09/03/europes-biggest-tech-fair-to-unveil-latest-gadgets, null, null, null, null, null, null, Day four of a week of the meal replacement drink Soylent, and our reporter Jim Spellman is still hanging on. Today he adds fruit!, null, The parade for Victory Day in China was quite a spectacle.  Here's the video if you didn't get to watch., Here's where China's military troop levels have been after the last four cuts., Death of Syrian child migrant puts human face on refugee crisis., Malaysian authorities had already declared that the wing fragment was from the missing jet, but until now French investigators couldn’t say with certitude that it was the case., BREAKING: French prosecutor formally concludes wing part found on Reunion is from Malaysia flight 370 

Full story to come., Here's the who, why, what, and how of the corruption probe and resignation of Guatemala's president., You may be wondering why Sept. 3 is China’s V-Day, when Japan announced surrender on Aug. 15, 70 years ago., China’s commemoration for the 70th anniversary of WWII victory ends with 2,015 doves and 50,000 balloons flying into the sky, representing China’s wish for world peace.#VDay, In case you missed it, China held a parade just now. Here's the recap:, Xi Jinping announces that China will cut troop force by 300,000. What do you think? Comment here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=77322, Over 23,000 are watching our @YouTube live coverage of the #China Victory Day parade right now. You can too at this link., The parade begins! Comment or talk about it on our live blog!, Ceremonies in Beijing are about to begin. Comment and learn more on our live blog: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=77322, null, Many ways to watch the Livestream of China's Victory Day events.  www.cctvamericalive.com or YouTube at https://youtu.be/UfxpKdAJYvY or mobile http://statictab.com/onby7gt, Coverage of the Victory Day festivities has started. Watch live on YouTube., Follow our live blog of the parade here and please comment or asks questions!, null, The Victory Day Parade carries special meaning for veterans of the Second World War, who risked their lives on battle fields to gain a cherished victory., He's made it three days on Soylent -- find out how Jim Spellman's experiment in meal replacements is working out., Watch the live stream of festivities commemorating the 70th anniversary of China’s victory in World War II from Tiananmen Square in Beijing. The parade starts at 10 a.m. Beijing time, 10 p.m. eastern time, We'll be live blogging the big parade -- ask questions and follow along here starting at 7 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time., If you're not able to attend China’s WWII anniversary parade in Beijing tomorrow, there’s now another way to participate. [  280 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/09/02/get-a-digital-perspective-of-wwii-victory-parade-in-new-app, Did you know: China's air force is using three types of animal helpers -- falcons, macaques and hunting dogs -- to boost security ahead of the big day. Read on for more interesting facts., President Xi Jinping presented 30 medals to veterans, including some from India and Canada, who helped China during the War., We'll be live-streaming the parade! Here's one reason you should watch., Watch the live stream of festivities commemorating the 70th anniversary of China’s victory in World War II from Tiananmen Square in Beijing. The parade starts at 10 a.m. Beijing time, 10 p.m. eastern time., Everything you need to know about China's history in WWII, all in one place:, Did you know that an all-female military group will march in Tiananmen for the first time during the V-Day parade? Here's what else you should look for:, The backing spells failure for opponents of the international agreement who sought to foil it by turning Congress against it., Beijing is gearing up for commemoration activities marking the end of World War II and the victory of the Resistance Against Japanese Aggression on Thursday, Sept.3., China is all set for the military parade to commemorate the 70th anniversary of its victory in #WWII . When it comes to air space, one of the key safety concerns is birds. Birds can strike aircraft or be sucked into a jet engine and cause catastrophic accidents. The PLA Air Force is using imaginative ways to combat the problem. Read More: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=77053, Watch the live stream of festivities commemorating the 70th anniversary of China’s victory in World War II from Tiananmen Square in Beijing. The parade starts at 10 a.m. Beijing time, 10 p.m. eastern time., The man was arrested in the forest of Thailand’s Sa Kaeo Province near its border with Cambodia at around 11:00 a.m. local time on Tuesday., As one of the most prominent Americans to fight in China during WWII, Joseph Stilwell headed more than 250,000 Americans troops in the China-Burma-India arena., “No matter if you fought on the frontline or in the rear, no matter if you were a soldier or if you provided assistance, those who participated in the Chinese People’s War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression are all war heroes and the heroes of the nation,” - President Xi Jinping., null, null, null, null, Puerto Rico extended the deadline to submit its 72-billion-dollar debt restructuring plan. Government officials are now expected to submit the plan a week from Tuesday., The new policy will encourage more private non-state owned companies to develop and produce weapons and other military equipment to boost military capabilities., The Israeli team are in an ecstatic mood at the closing ceremony of Europe’s Maccabi Games. They’ll be taking home the most medals in what’s known as the “Jewish Olympics”, Woods was taken prisoner in Singapore in 1942 and endured terrible suffering., According to the College Board Annual Survey of Colleges, the average price tag for an in-state public college is just over $23,000 per year in the U.S., null, The parade starts at 10 a.m. Beijing time, 10 p.m. eastern time tomorrow. Tune in here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfxpKdAJYvY, null, Thai police are looking for three more suspects in connection with the recent Bangkok bombing., Cuba is its fastest growing market ever, with two-thousand homes already signed up., He's not hungry! Follow CCTV's Jim Spellman as he reaches day two of a week of Soylent meal replacements., There will be swag for the 40,000 audience members at the Victory Day parade. Gift bag under the seat., 28 groups of sand sculptures show significant events in China during World War II., “The Chinese in the United States, especially the younger generations, will get to know the hardships that the veterans went through to fight for peace, and learn to respect and treasure history,” said Zhang Sujiu, President of the Chinese Community Association of the U.S., “This is the result of the overall upgrading of capabilities throughout the routine training over the past years to meet real combat situations. It’s a reflection of the growing strength of today’s PLA. This parade will further boost the Air Force’s development,” General Chan Dingqiu said., It’s now less than 48 hours from China’s V-day parade., For the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two, French painter Christian Poirot has created a stunning painting to commemorate the Nanjing Massacre, which he will donate to the Nanjing Memorial Hall in December., Troops from 17 countries are undergoing intense training in Beijing for China’s upcoming military parade to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of WWII., null, null, null, While the price of oil went up 10 percent recently (its biggest rally in 6 years) the situation continues to be critical for Latin America., null, null, When Puerto Rico missed a 58 million dollar debt payment on August 3rd, it hit the islanders hard., One New Yorker lost thousands of dollars in just one week., CCTV America's Jim Spellman test out Soylent - a liquid meal replacement - for a week. Read about his first day:, Rescue teams worked to reopen roads to remote communities in Dominica after Tropical Storm Erika caused flooding and mudslides that killed at least 20 people and left more than 50 missing on the Caribbean island., Flying Tigers group said Chinese people did everything they could to save Flying Tiger pilots that were shot down in WWII. Pilots taken in by local Chinese families had a 95 percent chance of getting back to their brothers-in-arms, the group's founder said., “It started as a white line, and it sounded like thousands of horses running when the waves were approaching. It is really amazing.” said one tourist., Thai police have made one arrest in bombing of Erawan Shrine.  The search continues for other suspects., China's National People’s Congress has adopted a new prisoner amnesty deal, which will grant official pardons to thousands of war veterans as well as very old or young prisoners., Car seat makers must be certified, however car seats are still not compulsory in China. Ninety percent of car seats made in China are exported., Shrinking glaciers, Arctic temperatures, and a mix of messy energy politics await U.S. President Barack Obama on his trip to Alaska, where he will become the first sitting president to step foot in the Arctic Circle., null, Hiking the Inca trails is rigorous and can take days., The practice of yoga is centered around the belief that a strong mental state is key to attaining self-control and achieving goals., A former rugby player is now teaching kids from poor neighborhoods the game which usually was only played by rich kids., Mexico is one of the most dangerous places to live and work if you’re a journalist.  Since 2010, over 80 reporters have been murdered., null, null, Germany is braced to receive as many as 800,000 asylum-seekers., Learn more about the African Growth and Opportunity Act here:, For a second day, thousands of Malaysians took to the streets to demand economic and political reforms including the resignation of the country’s prime minister., Portugal has increased its foreign investment by selling EU residency permits to wealthy foreigners willing to pay., President Xi Jinping made a special visit to review the foot soldiers of the Yangmingbu Battle Company., China has been making great strides in developing its early warning planes, despite getting off to a late start., Are you into classic American horror films? This artist is. But he decided to brighten things up a bit, with a famous yellow fruit. 
He does a lot more too. All in the name of fun. #HorrorBanana, null, null, null, null, null, null, One of the most dramatic business closures can be seen on Rua da Carioca in Rio’s busy center, where half of the stores have shut their doors in less than a year., null, Annual tuition at these schools in NYC range from 8,000 to over 43,000 dollars for ten months., The directors of one the institutes say they began in 2006 with fewer than 50 students. Now there are mow more than eight thousand., China is feeling the consequences of oil prices weakening, null, null, null, null, The new system marks a departure from traditional smoke trails and is expected to create spectacular patterns., The fight against ISIL is at its peak in Iraq, but the game seems to have changed., View our full Hurricane Katrina anniversary coverage here:, UK cracking down on employers who accommodate illegal immigrants, In Colombia, yoga is helping to heal the wounds of war. As Colombians continue to recover from the trauma of the 50-year armed conflict, yoga is being used to help combatants cope. Watch "Americas Now" this Sunday at 7 p.m. EST, "Rugby For All." This week's Gamechanger on "Americas Now" is a sportsman teaching kids in Brazil how to play Rugby. Usually a game only played at elite schools, it is now being learned by kids from poor neighborhoods in Sao Paulo. And it will be played in Brazil's 2016 Olympics too. Meet Mauricio Draghi., A refugee father doing his best to care for his children, selling pens on the streets of #Beirut. His story was told through social media and help poured in from around the world. #BuyPens #Syria, The 10th Anniversary of Hurricane Katrina. Correspondent John Zarrella takes a look back at one of the most catastrophic storms ever to hit the United States. How are residents of the Gulf Coast doing today? This Sunday on "Americas Now.", From the stock market crisis in China to the on-air shooting in Virginia. Here are the top news images of the week., The shooting on live TV of two journalists in the U.S. forced news organizations to make decisions on how to handle graphic video. We talked with Al Tompkins of Poynter about the process of making those decisions., More than 300,000 people have sought to cross the Mediterranean Sea so far in 2015, up from 219,000 in all of last year, as European authorities grapple with the largest influx since World War II., U.S. National Security Advisor Susan Rice held talks with senior Chinese officials in Beijing on Friday, in a visit that lay ground for Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to Washington next month., Zhang arrived in 1993 as a migrant laborer from a rural area of Sichuan Province. Since then, he’s witnessed many of the traditional bungalows that housed most of the Beijing residents replaced by tall apartment blocks catering to the city’s growing middle class., A six-year-old Chinese boy suffering from a brittle bone disease is able to stand again thanks to surgery and a pioneering use of 3-D printing technology.

Xiaofeng, from southern China’s Guizhou Province, can now stand up slowly with the help of a standing bed after going through surgery in June. Doctors say he will be able to stand up by himself after another month of recovery and training, according to the Southern Daily.

Doctors in the University of Hong Kong-Shenzhen Hospital first designed the 3-D printed model based on the boy's skeletal structure. With the life-sized model, they were able to make a precise surgery plan. The cost of the 3-D skeleton was covered by a Shenzhen-based technology company.

According to Xiaofeng’s father, his son lost the ability to stand at the age of five due to multiple fractures and a severe malformation of his legs.

"Xiaofeng has suffered bone fractures since he started to learn how to walk. He had over 20 fractures [before the surgery]… Around the age of five, he could only sit because his legs would form a ring-like shape," the father to the Southern Daily.

The family searched for medical treatments across the country but all the efforts were all in vain until this June, when a non-profit disease care center reached out to the family. 

Brittle bone disease is a genetic disorder that can result in bone fractures and deformities. According to Xinhua News Agency, one in 10,000 to 15,000 people suffer from the disease in China, often referred to as "ciwawa", or "china doll.”, According to ancient Chinese legend, ducks carry the dead from the underworld into the light for them to get together with their families., The U.S. Smithsonian National Zoo says that its male panda Tian Tian is the father of the newborn cub at the zoo, who has also been determined to be male. It's fraternal twin, who died on Wednesday was also male and fathered by Tian Tian., null, null, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=78229, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Four times the cute., Shanghai Composite Index jumped 5.34 percent to 3,083.59 on Wednesday — it’s biggest gain in eight weeks., null, Sea levels have risen three inches in 23 years, and in some places as much as nine., Victims of on-air shooting remembered., Who will be able to "get it on" better?, Tens of thousands of people, mainly from countries in Africa and the Middle East, have put to sea this year in the hope of reaching Europe, often dangerously packed into small boats that were never designed to cross the Mediterranean., Tanks a million..., Twice the cute., null, Total death toll now 145., Watch this. First escalators, now sidewalks. You have to pay attention to where you are walking in China. READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=78040, null, Sharp international criticism sparked by Hungary's plan to build wall., null, null, Russia and China working marines worked together to accomplish something incredible, Hear what Roger Zetter had to say about the Xenophia that has developed in Europe towards migrants:, Heartbreaking news from the zoo today., How Rwanda is recovering from the Brutal genocide that took place there 20 years ago. Learn more here., null, "When you educate a woman, you educate the whole family; when you educate a man, he is not necessarily spreading the whole wealth the way that women do, for a variety of reasons,” she said.

Watch the full interview on CCTV America's Global Business at 8 p.m. eastern and 8 a.m. Beijing time., James Holmes gets life and 3,200 years in prison., Sad news. Smithsonian’s National Zoo and Conservation Biology Institute in Washington, DC reports, "the smaller of the two panda cubs has died. We will continue to provide updates on social media w/ #Pandastory.", The ancient ruins were destroyed on Sunday, after ISIL seized the site back in May. Photos posted on social media by supporters of the group show militants placing barrels of explosives around the temple., ABC News reveals contents of the 23-page manifesto from alleged #WDBJ shooter Vester Flanagan:, Watch Live: News conference on shooting of two Virginia TV journalists. Livestream  www.cctvamericalive.com, Passersby are able to see a Great Wall-themed flower patterns, and 3-D printing has been used for the first time for decoration., UPDATE: The zoo reports that the smaller panda cub has died., UPDATE: Law enforcement says suspected Virginia shooter Vester Flanigan is not dead, but in "very critical condition" after shooting himself., WDBJ shooting suspect IDed as Vester L. Flanagan, former reporter known as Bryce Williams on-air.  Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=77656, Virginia police are pursuing a suspect in the shooting deaths of WDBJ's reporter and photojournalist. Shooting happened during a live report on-air.  READ MORE:  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=77656, Mexico City can be a deadly place for those who get around on foot, but with the help of an iconic Mexican character, they now have a defender – who wears a mask and helps straighten out traffic issues in a city in need of change., With less disparity and less of a gap between female and men’s sports, the women’s game is building a fan base that means business in the future., After a ban on partially hydrogenated oils, advertisements in San Francisco for sugary drinks with no nutritional value will bear a message saying they can contribute to obesity, diabetes and tooth decay., Over the years, fish farming, or aquaculture, has seen an astounding increase. But traditional fish farming methods have numerous challenges and one man is on a mission to change that., null, null, When it comes to homes, many owners believe bigger is better. More room, more luxury, even more prestige. But now … tiny homes (often 20 square meters of living space or less) can say they’ve been able to sustain big popularity., If you’ve ever passed an oil refinery you’ve probably seen that huge column of fire leaping from the top. It’s an impressive sight – but it’s also quite literally money going up in flames and it’s killing the environment., The world’s coal industry is struggling. An oversupply and slowing demand have caused prices to plummet. That’s not only impacting coal companies – but also countries like Australia which rely heavily on coal exports., The H6K long-range plane will boost the establishment of bomber squadrons in the Air Force., null, In Calais in Northern France, a group of migrants gather at a campsite called “The Jungle”., China’s central bank cut its benchmark interest rate on Tuesday, freeing up banks to lend more.
Many market analysts see this as Beijing’s latest effort to stabilize a plunging stock market. Shares dropped on Tuesday for a fourth trading day in a row., The UN estimates 3,000 people are crossing every day at this border:, The 2016 U.S. Presidential race could prove to be the most expensive in the country’s history. Hundreds of millions of dollars are already pouring in as candidates rev-up their campaigns. Where is this money coming from and who stands to gain?, US authorities are working to fully shut down and take over the world's largest male #prostitution site: #RentBoy, Hours after China’s Shanghai stock index slumped to close 7.6 percent lower — adding to Monday’s 8.5 percent loss and taking the benchmark to its lowest level since Dec. 15 — the central bank swung into action and cut its interest rates for the fifth time in nine months in a renewed effort to shore up economic growth., Warning: Not for acrophobics (look it up)., They're gonna be doctors too..., A total of thirty heads of state and government leaders will attend China’s V-Day celebrations on Sept 3 including Russian President Vladimir Putin, South Korean President Park Geun-Hye and South African President Jacob Zuma, according to a press conference held by China’s State Council Information Office on Tuesday., Six of the 44 missing now confirmed dead. The remaining missing include 23 firefighters and four policemen., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Peace talks are under way to create a unity government in Libya between the internationally recognized leadership and warring factions. Meanwhile, the country grapples with ISIL in the town of Sirte amid nationwide unrest. Libya has turned to the Arab League for help – asking for international intervention., Scientists are scratching their heads over the death of 30 large whales during the past few months off the coasts of Alaska, in what NOAA is calling an “unusual mortality event.”

Since May, 11 fin whales, 14 humpback whales, one gray whale, and four other unidentified cetaceans have stranded around the islands of the western Gulf of Alaska and the southern shoreline of the Alaska Peninsula.

This is three times the typical number of large whale strandings.
 
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announced last week that it is planning a more intense investigation into what is causing the die-off. Labeling it an “unusual mortality event” allows it access to additional resources in its investigation. According to NOAA, an UME is an “unexpected… significant die-off of a marine mammal population.”

However, the organization said that the data collection and analysis could take years to complete for the investigation.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/08/24/an-unusual-mortality-event-leaves-30-whales-dead-in-alaska-scientists-baffled, Attacker subdued. Heros honored., In case you missed it, the National Zoo in Washington D.C. got a weekend surprise -- the birth of twin panda cubs to mom Mei Xiang. What would you name these two panda additions to the panda family?, The list includes the cemetery for the fallen soldiers in the Battle of Pingxingguan, which took place in north China’s Shanxi Province in September 1937., “The Three-Body Problem” beat out four other finalists and was announced the winner of the 2015 Hugo Award for Best Novel in Seattle on Saturday., Alarm bells rang across world markets on Monday as a 9 percent dive in Chinese shares and a sharp drop in the dollar and major commodities panicked investors., China expands its source of investment in the stock market. The government recently gave the green light to pour the massive pension fund into shares., Birds can strike aircraft or be sucked into a jet engine and cause catastrophic accidents. The PLA Air Force is using imaginative ways to combat the problem., Talks have resumed between the DPRK and the South Korea at the Panmunjom truce village inside the Demilitarized Zone, after the unusually long first round talks broke up on early Sunday morning., Shanghai University recently unveiled a new proposal to encourage more entrepreneurship on campus., Dramatic video footage has emerged in Thailand, which police believe shows the second Bangkok bomber., Britain has operated without an embassy in Tehran since protestors stormed the building four years ago in protest against sanctions., The blast came 10 days after warehouse explosions in north China’s Tianjin Municipality, which left 121 people dead and 54 missing.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Video: Second surprise at the National Zoo. Twin panda cubs!  Mei Xiang gave birth to her first cub at 5:34 p.m. 4 1/2 hours later at 10:07 p.m., a second cub arrived and appeared healthy, the zoo said. Watch video of the arrival and doctors examining a cub at this link., null, null, null, null, null, null, New panda cub born at National Zoo in D.C.! Keepers will be watching the newest cub closely. Pink, hairless and blind, newborn cubs weigh three to five ounces and are about the size of a stick of butter., null, null, National Zoo： Panda team has confirmed that Mei Xiang's water broke., As we see with Fukushima, cleaning up radioactive waste is a major challenge. One recent discovery is showing promise. A bacteria that has some interesting powers., Typically, mornings are when you’re hung over from parties, not heading to one., Social media isn’t just for fun, it’s a place for promoting brands, selling goods and even exchanging money. A new startup is taking that a step further., Cab-hailing apps in China have been providing high-end car hire services for some time now. If you use them now on a rainy day or in peak hours, you will probably find a surprise., The latest Chinese manufacturing data triggered a second day of plummeting stock prices worldwide with a private measure of Chinese factory output shrinking at the fastest pace in more than six years., null, These soldiers are undergoing intense training in the suburbs of Beijing to march through Tiananmen Square on September 3rd., There are wildfires in the western portion of the United States that have been burning for weeks. It is becoming a very intense wildfire season., Police are raising the award for leads for the main bombing suspect, who appears in security camera video., null, The real story lies in the details. What lies ahead for this embattled country?, Bet you didn't know honey could do this!, null, null, null, Guess what you should be putting on your face tonight?, null, It's Friday -- this image sums up pretty much how we feel, too! Follow along with the Panda baby watch., Commentary on Bangkok: "And as the week continues Bangkok residents are beginning to bounce back as well — even though a nervousness is still present.", Two silent owners of Ruihai International used their connections with police, fire, port, and workplace safety officials to secure approval for their company to operate warehouses for hazardous materials, Xinhua reported., 10 Panda babies born this year!  More panda news at:  http://www.cctv-america.com/category/pandas, Bon Jovi sings "The Moon Represents My Heart,” to mark Chinese Valentine's Day., Further monetary easing policies are expected, including lowering its benchmark interest rate., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, In July, according to U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration officials, the Globe had the highest temperature on record., Happy Qixi our dear followers! We love you as much as Niu Lang loves Zhi Nu., Everyone's talking about Tianjin, learn about its history., null, “This is no ordinary measure. This is a display of barbarity, a challenge to society, a refusal to see the ethical side, where it is most important,” - Russian language business daily Vedomosti, null, null, We're still watching...
http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/08/19/watch-begins-for-possible-birth-of-newest-national-panda, So far this year, the Irish Navy has deployed two ships that have rescued over 5,000 migrants fleeing Libya, With signs of a sputtering economy, Indonesian President Joko Widodo has taken drastic measures to stop the slide., The Sept. 3 parade will be the first time that China has marked the anniversary of Japan's surrender at the end of WWII and the first time China has invited troops of other nations to participate in a military parade. It will also be the first time that representatives of heroic troops in the war will be marching. The parade will also invite war veterans and their descendants., Saudi Arabia has been leading a bombing campaign against Shiite rebels in Yemen. Now foreign ground troops are joining the fight. Learn more here:, Officials said eight specific pollutants have been monitored, and five of them exceeded the standard limits up until August 16. Since then, the air quality has gotten under control, according to statistics from monitoring spots., Although rare, not all pandas are black and white., Large quantities of dead fish were discovered by locals in a river just six km away from the site of the deadly warehouse explosion that took place in #Tianjin last Wednesday.

The seemingly abnormal occurrence soon caused alarm throughout the city, raising concerns that the leakage of toxic chemicals, including sodium cyanide, which was stored in the warehouse, may have contaminated the water.

In response to the phenomenon, the city’s environmental protection authorities said during a press conference held on Thursday afternoon that experts have gone to the site for further analysis.

Deng Xiaowen, head of environment monitoring of Tianjin environmental protection authority, said the water areas where the dead fish appeared are under regular monitoring. A few hours later, researchers said no toxic levels of cyanide were found in water samples.

Deng said the phenomenon was not the first to be seen in the city, citing past example of mass die-offs of fish due to lack of oxygen., “I just thought I had a few weeks left, but I was surprisingly at ease. I’ve had a wonderful life,” Carter, 90, said., null, Billions of Euros in emergency funding are on their way to Greece., Authorities appear to be relying on hopes, rather than facts, in their search for the Bangkok bombers., All-out efforts are being deployed to track down and clear hazardous chemicals at the blast site in Tianjin., Officials in the U.S. state of Colorado say the Animas River which was turned orange by three million gallons of contaminated water two weeks ago is slowly returning to normal., The massive hack of users of a website aimed at helping people cheat on their spouses has exposed millions. Some users even signed up using email addresses in countries where adultery is punishable by death., During the Second World War, the U.S. took tens of thousands of photos and videos of the China-Burma-India theater. Learn more about one of the children that was captured in these pictures here:, What we know (and don't) about the Ashley Madison hacking story, and why we didn't pursue this as a data story., Tianjin government website now in black & white as a sign of mourning, more than 7 days after Tianjin blast: http://www.tj.gov.cn/
Photos show the website on 8/18 and in color on 8/16. All entertainment programs have also been suspended in China nationwide since the blasts., Mei Xiang was artificially inseminated with sperm from two different male pandas. If a cub is born, the father will be determined through a DNA test., We're watching, are you??? The United States National Zoo's own giant panda Mei Xiang is believed to be about to give birth. Based on a recent ultrasound, the pre-panda is about 4 centimeters, which means Mei Xiang could give birth next week or early September. The Zoo's panda team is monitoring Mei Xiang through the Zoo's panda cams. Watch them here:, Does the Legionnaires' disease outbreak worry you? Knowledge may provide comfort., Footage shot by a drone recording the aftermath of the disastrous Tianjin warehouse blasts, which happened on August 12, was released by Chinese firefighters on Tuesday, August 18 . Read More: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=76043, Is there a difference between sand from Cuba and sand from Miami? Take this quiz and find out., Another one., Watch the drone footage from the Tianjin fire department as it fly over the blast site., Thai police on Wednesday released a composite sketch of the Erawan Shrine bombing suspect., “He didn’t do it alone, for sure. It’s a network.” -- National police chief Somyot Poompanmoung at a news conference., Sugar prices are near record lows causing Brazilian companies to reduce their output in favor of a more profitable option: producing fuel., The unnamed youngster managed to catch hold of a jutting rock as he plummeted halfway down the waterfall at about 3 p.m. last Sunday in the mountainous region near the city of Bijie., First there was Silicon Valley in San Francisco. Then came Silicon Alley in New York. Now, there’s a wave of tech companies setting up in Los Angeles., China’s stock markets plunged on Tuesday, with the Shanghai Composite Index seeing its biggest loss in three weeks. For more on this topic, CCTV’s Michelle Makori spoke to Saruhan Hatipoglu, CEO of Business Environment Risk Intelligence., Fishermen in Thailand are complaining that they are being crushed by new government regulations introduced to manage an industry that has been accused of profiting from human trafficking and the abuse of illegal migrant workers., Intel is demonstrating its commitment to the so-called Internet of Things by delving into both augmented reality and reality TV., New home sales are picking up in China’s major cities, but sales of pre-owned, or in Chinese second-hand homes, are doing even better., In a new era of U.S.-Cuba relations – new waves of enthusiastic American tourists are expected to crash onto the island nation’s shores. That’s causing anxiety among Cuba’s tropical neighbors – worried about the new competition for tourist dollars. Miami is no exception., Emerging market currencies also regained some losses after China’s Central Bank reassured the markets that it would keep the Yuan stable., The drone market has become an increasingly competitive field, where startups like Hexo Plus are working to make drones even simpler., A new study shows for the first time in more than a decade more Europeans emigrated to Latin and the Caribbean, than the other way around., Video games didn’t exist when World War II ended 70 years ago, obviously, but its battlefields are popular locations for many games today., A new peace initiative by the United Nations Security Council comes after the council hasn’t been able to agree on how to end the bloodshed in Syria after years of trying., The security services in Thailand have released images of a suspect they are seeking in connection with Monday night’s bombing in central Bangkok., Initial investigations into the blasts have led to several questions being raised about the operations of Rui Hai International Logistics Company, the company that owned the warehouse., After battling a day of bad weather, crews were finally able to reach the crash site of The Trigana Air Service plane. They found key evidence and bodies which led them to conclude that none of the 54 on board survived., The disease so far has killed 12 people and infected more than 120 in New York City., It's not for what you might think..., Watch this flashlight transform into a high-powered machine gun at the push of a button. Then, fold up nicely to fit into a pocket. The representative for Magpul Industries Corp. in the US says, in this video posted to facebook by Street FX Motorsport & Graphics, they don't have plans to manufacture the ominous weapon. They're just showing their ability to build these types of weapons.
See the full post at: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=75827, Official results showed Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe's United National Party won 106 out of 225 seats in Parliament, while former President Mahinda Rajapaksa’s United People’s Freedom Alliance secured 95., The photographer ended up buying all 2,204 pounds of the farmer's watermelons., Cats and coffee, what could be better?, Indonesian authorities blew up and sank 37 foreign fishing vessels on Tuesday, as a warning against poaching in the country's waters.

The vessels were from a variety of countries and were blown up in several seaports across the vast archipelago, which has some of the world's richest fishing grounds. (Photos by AFP), Poorental rights?, A deserving Shanghai family got everything they ever dreamed of in a home remodel., Have a sweet: Security forces stationed along the Bangladesh border in Fulbari near eastern Siliguri city exchanged sweets with Border Guards Bangladesh on India’s 69th Independence Day on Saturday., Thai investigators believe a man seen in security video wearing a yellow T-shirt and carrying a backpack set off the bomb at the central Bangkok shrine, police said Tuesday.

“The yellow shirt guy is not just the suspect. He is the bomber,” police spokesman Lt. Gen. Prawut Thavornsiri told The Associated Press., The airline has been on the European Union’s list of banned carriers since 2007 due to safety or regulatory concerns., A country mourns the loss of 114 a week after Tianjin blasts, as environmental experts worry rains could complicate rescue efforts and spread dangerous chemicals or other pollutants., null, null, null, null, null, Experts work to check on air, water quality after Tianjin blasts., You can watch CCTV America and CCTV News anywhere online, Meet halophytes: the salt-tolerant plants some scientists are turning to as a possible solution to what they describe as a fast-approaching agricultural crisis., “Navigating through the blast zone is extremely dangerous, because of the burning chemicals and twisted containers, which could collapse at any minute. We had to make marks in order not to get lost,” said Wang Ke, who led a group of chemical specialist soldiers., There was no immediate word of any survivors from Sunday’s crash, which happened in bad weather. Four postal workers aboard the plane were escorting four bags of cash totaling $468,750 in government fuel aid., A bomb on a motorcycle exploded on Monday just outside a Hindu shrine in the center of the Thai capital., The World War II Pacific Memorial Hall, honoring Chinese veterans, has opened in San Francisco. The memorial’s curators hope it will help educate Americans on China’s role during the war., The clashes in Chansha were the first major confrontations of the Anti-Japanese Aggression War. Learn more here:, Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are protesting against their government., null, Learn more about the Karen soldiers who served alongside the British in WWII., Although President Salva Kiir Mayardit has finally agreed to attend the peace talks, his staff have condemned the efforts of regional mediators. Learn more here:, Ninety- five people remain unaccounted for including 85 firefighters., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, New blasts at Tianjin site, death toll rises to 104, null, null, 78 years ago this week the Battle of Shanghai began -- what historian Peter Harmsen would later call “Stalingrad on the Yangtze” due to the sheer bloodiness of the clash.  

Follow along as we map China during WWII., null, CCTV America's Shraysi Tandon interviewed Christina Paxson, president of Brown University and asked her one more question about how leaders who succeed, especially women, can stay on the top. Watch the full Women at Work segment on Global Business, tonight at 8 p.m. Eastern, 8 a.m. Beijing time.  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=75186, It would be exceedingly difficult for any Flight 370 debris to have ended up in the Maldives at all by now. To reach there, the wreckage would have had to float west from the current search area off Australia and toward Africa, then turn north and travel along the African coast past Somalia and into the Arabian Sea, before turning south and east toward the Maldives. That would be a massive journey to make in just 17 months; debris found on Reunion, in contrast, could have traveled in a relatively simple counterclockwise arc., Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe expressed regret at the suffering and sacrifices of many people during the war, saying that, “Upon the innocent people did our country inflict immeasurable damage and suffering.”, Deaths in Tianjin blast now 56. So many volunteers are donating blood that one center ran out of blood bags in just half an hour., The yuan halted a three-day slide after the central bank soothed market sentiments on Thursday, reversing short but sharp declines triggered by the foreign exchange policy change., ICYMI: Watch the flag go up and listen to the national anthem play as the U.S. embassy in Cuba officially reopens., The star-spangled banner is now flying at the U.S. embassy in Havana, Cuba for the first time since  1961., LIVE: US flag raised at reopened embassy in Cuba., Our Nathan King is in Havana covering several topics on the new, open Cuba. Take a look here for some behind the scenes photos., null, Our Nathan King is in Havana covering several topics on the new, open Cuba. Take a look here for some behind the scenes photos., Google has a new parent company and it’s called Alphabet. The tech giant’s announcement came earlier this week, and sent shock waves throughout the industry, with many wondering why Google created a new company., Many Afghan refugees have bet on a better future abroad. But those fleeing to the EU are having trouble being accepted into European society. Afghan asylum seekers say they have been sidelined by new efforts to resettle thousands of refugees crossing the Mediterranean., Estimates say up to 200,000 women were forced to act as sex slaves for the Japanese Army before and during World War II. Many of the abused were from China, Korea, and Indonesia., null, Apple might be facing new compeition, Ten years ago Israel unilaterally pulled troops and Jewish settlers out of the Gaza strip. An outgrowth of that withdrawal is a young generation of Jewish settlers termed “Hilltop Youth”., A free open air concert in Havana’s Anti-Imperialist Plaza is located right in front of the U.S. embassy. But at midnight the music stopped, replaced by cries of “Long Live Fidel.”, Seventy years ago, after fighting and losing two world wars in 30 years, Germany was a defeated nation in the heart of Europe.
But, Germany gradually re-emerged and became an economic powerhouse. Today, with a population of 82 million, it’s a dominating force among the 28 member states that make up the European Union., NASA has uncovered the smallest super massive black hole ever detected. The discovery could provide clues on how larger black holes formed along with their host galaxies 13 billion years or more in the past., Sports not only provide entertainment value, but also demonstrate physical beauty and reveal the intense mental agility needed to succeed in a competitive environment.

We speak with athletes, from very different disciplines, who are making an impact and motivating others to take action. That’s this week on Full Frame: Athletes Who Inspire.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/08/12/this-week-on-full-frame-athletes-who-inspire#ixzz3ijBdsKLb, He survived., null, Tianjin latest: 50 dead, including 12 firefighters:, null, A violent attack in a Los Angeles suburb, involving a gang of high school students from China, made international news., null, China's auto industry embraces the Internet., Puerto Rico economy: Debt, high unemployment, slow tourism create crisis, Youth in Syria struggle with choice to leave., The Heat: Israel's controversial new laws Part., null, Kamran Bokhari on Syria diplomatic efforts., Update on Tianjin explosion: 17 dead, 32 critically injured, 283 people hospitalized., Update on Tianjin explosion: 13 dead, 11 critically injured, 248 people hospitalized, the People's Daily reports:, UNICEF #Chile put out this PSA that seems to be about tolerance, but has a very interesting way of teaching the lesson., “We found seven pieces and we found they were not part of the airplane. Further investigation gives us now the conclusion that it’s probably part of the missile system and of a BUK missile system,” said Fred Westerbeke, Chief Investigator of the Joint International Team., This video from CCTV is some of the first footage showing victims of the Tianjin explosion being rushed to the hospital., Compilation video of the truly massive explosion. The Tianjin Fire Department reported that the fire began about 10:50 p.m. on Tuesday local time, and two explosions followed within 30 seconds of each other. About 100 fire trucks have been sent to the scene, the department said., Here’s a look at the Islamic State group’s birth, its atrocities, and the world’s response to the extremists., According to the Tianjin Public Security Bureau, the explosion happened at the Tianjin Dongjiang Port Rui Hai International Logistics Co. Ltd., which handles the transport of hazardous goods. The company's website said it was established in 2011.

The China Earthquake Networks Center reported that the first explosion had a 2.3 degree magnitude (equivalent to 3 tons of TNT), and the second had a 2.9 degree magnitude (equivalent to 21 tons of TNT).

READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=74556, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe may hope to lay the ghosts to rest with a statement on Friday marking the 70th anniversary of the war’s end, but risks inflaming tension instead., Watch video of the massive Tianjin explosion:, Explosion in Tianjin, China has residents rattled. Still not clear what the cause was. Details to come:, Syrian government troops and their Hezbollah allies have been trying to fully capture the one-time rebel stronghold of Zabadani for more than a month., A nearly new moon means it's a great night to watch the Perseid Meteor showers tonight - midnight to 3 a.m. eastern. 

The showers are pieces of the comet Swift-Tuttle that passes the sun every 133 years. The stars appear to "shoot" because they burn up in the Earth's atmosphere., The accused include 32 traders living in Russia, Ukraine, Malta, Cyprus, France and the U.S, An estimated 200,000 women were forced into sexual servitude during WWII. More than 70 years later, victims are still demanding an apology from the Japanese government., Athens a day earlier agreed with international lenders on the terms of about 85 billion euros in fresh aid to stay financially afloat and remain in the euro zone. It is the third bailout for the indebted nation since 2010., More updates on the situation in Ferguson here:, International creditors are collaborating to try to stabilize Ukraine, A recent survey reveals that women with an annual income of between 50,000 and 100,000 yuan are most attracted to the investment world., "More than 17,000 women have been killed since 2005. An equal number have simply disappeared.", Learn more about DC's purrrrrrrrrr- fect new hang out!, "The Kremlin plans to spend around five billion dollars on a nuclear powered aircraft carrier, challenging the dominance of the U.S. Navy", In the Huffington Post, our own Jim Laurie writes about Cubans building a new Cuba, captured in our latest film documentary., A police spokesman said approximately 23 arrests were made, though police were still confirming official totals., China has provided at least $121 million in cash and supplies to fight the disease in West Africa. It also sent dozens of army doctors and hundreds of army medical workers., Eurozone finance ministers are due to meet on Friday, giving time to finalize the deal before a major debt repayment next week., The plan is to expose about 2.2 million children in 5,000 primary and secondary schools to three hours of soccer a week., U.S. stocks tumbled Tuesday, with the Dow Jones industrial average sinking 219 points by midday., The 3 million gallons of mine waste included high concentrations of arsenic, lead and other heavy metals. Workers with the EPA accidentally unleashed the spill as they inspected the abandoned mine site., This exclusive footage released to CCTV from the Syrian Army shows the fierce battle in Hasakah, the capital of the northeast broader province. It has been besieged by ISIL since last July. On June 26, ISIL launched attacks to claim the city of Hasakah. The Syrian Army, Kurdish YPG, and other local forces were caught in heavy cross fire with ISIL lasted for more than a month. After a five-day, house-to-house and door-to-door operation, the anti-ISIL forces took back control of Hasakah on August 1., Meanwhile, trade in South African lion bones is surging -- they're replacing tiger bones in traditional medicine in parts of Asia., The government has set a goal to have nuclear power share more than 20 percent of resource-poor Japan’s power generation by 2030., null, null, The number of Chinese restaurants is increasing rapidly across U.S., Mexican mural artist improve city life through art, null, A project aiming to restore one abandoned village is hoping to kick off a wave of ecotourism, but government regulations are hindering its revival., Russia’s economy continues to be plagued by plunging oil prices an addition to continued Western sanctions. Moscow has lost billions in revenue as a result of the Brent Crude price falling below $50 a barrel., None of the candidates had enough support to win Argentina's presidential primary outright., When the Greek stock market reopened, the banking stocks were the worst hit., After pounding Taiwan and leaving six people dead, Soudelor landed in the Chinese mainland Saturday night in Fujian province and moved to neighboring Zhejiang and Jiangxi provinces., Three suicide attacks rocked the capital city of Kabul, Afghanistan on Friday killing at least 51 people and injuring hundreds of others. Another 29 members of a pro-government militia died in a separate attack on Saturday in the northern province of Kunduz. At least five people died on Monday in an attack near the Kabul Airport. It was the bloodiest 72 hours in Afghanistan in years., An uptick in violence in Turkey comes after the government announced it was ready to begin a comprehensive fight against Islamic State jihadists alongside the United States., A year of parental leave? No bosses? A minimum of $70,000 a year salary? Find out what companies have the best perks:, Skeletal remains from a Bronze Age culture called the Qijia reveals a community taking cover from an earthquake that devastated the area about 2000 BC. One image of these finds has tugged at the heartstrings of many Chinese internet users:, Rezaian’s attorney said Rezaian's wife Yeganeh Salehi is also expected to face trial at some point after his case is decided, though no court date has yet been set., The upswing came amid reports in the media that Chinese authorities had approved an ambitious reform plan to enhance the competitiveness of state-owned enterprises., The aircraft is expected to play a key role in forest fire control and maritime search and rescue., One of the consulate attackers was later shot and taken into custody in a nearby building and hospitalized. The second woman was still being hunted. There were no other casualties., The anniversary of Brown’s killing has sparked days of renewed protests, though until Sunday they had been peaceful and without any arrests., Rescue work underway as other Chinese cities brace for more of Typhoon Soudelor:, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi congratulated Sierra Leone's victory in fighting Ebola., Chinese customers' purchasing volume makes up 20 to 25 percent of the total diamond sales that happen from Mumbai., Afghan asylum seekers say they have been sidelined by new efforts to resettle thousands of refugees crossing the Mediterranean., Check out this cool new industry that's developing in China, Read more about one brave and determined woman, who's faced her challenges head on and has achieved success against all odds in the construction industry., http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=73846., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Women may be taking on new industries, null, null, Check out this cool new (and environmentally friendly) way to get around!, null, null, The country’s facial and body enhancement industry is booming and the money’s not just coming from patients., Anger, confusion, the discovery of the wing fragment. Kuala Lumpur says it is from the missing plane. But, families are skeptical and say they need to know more to know the whole truth., Director and producer Dennis Law says the show is about to be presented to an American audience with more bells and whistles than they could ask for., The news has been coming fast and furious – from China to Cuba, the Middle East, Europe and beyond. To help dive into these issues, The Heat put together a distinguished panel of current and former journalists., Can you guess where they are?, Positive figures out of the E.U. show that both Spain and Ireland’s economies are growing at their fastest pace in over 8 years. Official figures show that Ireland’s economy expanded by over 5% last year and is now growing faster than its pre-crisis levels in 2007., If you've got twitter up, follow CCTV's Barnaby Lo for the latest on #TyphoonSoudelor as it approaches #Taiwan : https://twitter.com/barnabychuck, Quiz: How well do you know these weird storm facts?
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=73602, Here's what "I'm sorry" would mean to China:, No candidate emerged the clear winner from the two-hour debate, leaving the Republican race potentially more unsettled than ever. A record 17 candidates are vying for their party’s nomination., What's a little humiliation to get out of a ticket?, The Chinese government expresses grief and sorrow for those on board, and extends profound sympathy and condolences to their families, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said in a statement., China’s National Meteorological Center is now issuing updates on the storm every hour., China companies increasing sport sponsorships., As an official sponsor, the company had jersey deals with both the German and Argentine national teams plus other endorsements, but Adidas says the last 12 months haven’t been easy., Metal experts can determine close up the kinds of stresses that broke off the piece known as a “flaperon,” including whether the plane crashed vertically or horizontally, at low or high speed. Only the recovery of the black boxes can determine for certain what happened to the flight, but the wing fragment is an important first step., As the U.S. unveils a new plan to tackle climate change, China is continuing to develop domestic sources of green energy., The Afghan Public Health Ministry estimates that there are now well over 2000 health facilities across the country, compared with about 500 in 2002. This, as the security situation worsens across Afghanistan and the need for reliable healthcare facilities increases., An estimated 70,000 people were killed 70 years ago in Hiroshima, Japan: the highest death toll ever caused by a single weapon in history. Many others were killed in Nagasaki and in the days to follow., Final communique from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations said some members expressed “serious” concern about reclamation work on islands in the South China Sea., null, Was the atomic bomb necessary? Should Japan re-militarize? Learn what Professor Peter Kuznick has to say about this issue:, null, null, China won its first world championship medal in 100-meter freestyle swimming on Thursday. Chinese swimmer Ning Zetao touched the wall just 11-hundredths of a second before Australia's Cameron McEvoy, in the final at the swimming world championships in Kazan, Russia. Ning's time of 47.84 seconds is the fastest in the world this year. Olympic champion Nathan Adrian of the United States finished seventh, nearly half a second slower., What this American academic has to say about Japan dropping the atomic bomb may surprise you. Watch more of Peter Kuznick, director of nuclear studies at American University, tonight on the Heat at 7 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time., The bomb killed 140,000 by the end of the year, was followed by the atomic bombing of Nagasaki on August 9. 1945, which killed about 40,000 instantly leading to Japan's surrender in World War on Aug. 15:, The market for plastic surgery in China is estimated at $137 billion by 2018. The rise in surgery is due to increasing disposable incomes and people believing they can get jobs and better lives. What do you think?, He's 61 btw..., The investigation continues., There was no immediate claim of responsibility. But blame is likely to fall on the Islamic State group, whose local affiliate has claimed responsibility for a number of attacks in recent months:, Wednesday sexual scenes somehow aired on a giant display screen at a shopping mall in the eastern city of Lishui. Since the Uniglo video leaked, China is trying to remove homemade sex tapes from social media. 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com, The U.S. has paid Cuba every year for GITMO -- and Cuba hasn't cashed any of those checks (well except for one). Learn more about Guantanamo Naval Base, Cuba:, Typhoon Soudelor is heading towards China. Conditions are expected to begin deteriorating in Taiwan beginning Friday afternoon local time (Friday morning EDT), with landfall likely along the island’s Eastern coast around 2am Saturday local time (2pm Friday Eastern)., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Here's what you should know about GITMO. Watch the Heat tonight at 7 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time tonight for a discussion on the future of the U.S. Guantanamo Naval Base ub Cuba., Ocean drift modeling showing potential path of MH370 debris:

A model by Australia's Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation shows the potential location of debris from missing Malaysia Airlines passenger jetMH370. The black arc represents the current search area. Various blue, black and red dots represent the possible locations of items blown by the wind, ocean currents and waves. White arrows represent the wind direction for each day shown. Magenta symbols represent drifting buoys with sea anchors used to assess the errors of the ocean current component of the total drift velocity. READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=72911, null, The debris found in Reunion Island last week is from missing Malaysia Airlines flight 370, experts determined., Bronkhorst assisted Walter James Palmer, a Minnesota dentist and bow hunter who killed Cecil in early July. Zimbabwean officials say the killing of the lion was not approved and a Cabinet minister says Palmer should be extradited., Seven people have been confirmed dead, and two others remain missing after they were swept away by a rain-triggered flood in Xi’an, capital of northwest China’s Shaanxi province on Monday, The new Suez Canal opens on Thursday -- Here's everything you didn't know about it and the original canal, including how it's one reason the U.S. got the Statue of Liberty.  
Like us: CCTVAmerica on Facebook | @cctv_america on Twitter 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com, null, Update: Italian Coast Guard says 400 migrants saved from wreck off Libya, 25 bodies recovered., French and Malaysian experts on Wednesday began examining an airplane wing fragment that could offer the first tangible clue about the fate of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, which vanished more than a year ago with 239 people aboard., Rescue efforts underway after boat capsizes in Mediterranean Sea., null, null, null, null, null, null, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=72730, Across Africa, battle lines are being drawn against militant groups. In West Africa, a multi-national force is gearing up to fight Boko Haram. A 6-year insurgency has left at least 15,000 dead. In Tunisia, the government extended a state of emergency and deployed thousands of police officers to guard hotels and beaches after deadly attacks., The human brain is the 3-pound command center of the human nervous system. Now, there's a new tool for treating disorders that occur when the brain misfires, International Experts will be analyzing a wing from a Boeing 777 that washed up on a remote Island in the Indian Ocean., Territorial disputes in the South China Sea are attracting attention at a high-level gathering in Kuala Lumpur., How much are you willing to pay to invest in some fun?, The masterminds behind the Muppets and Fraggle Rock are determined to help children all over the world. Their organization, No Strings International, films puppets dealing with issues like HIV, poverty and war.  

Find out more in this weeks Full Frame Close Up:, A series of food scandals have pushed urban residents to seek out alternative food sources. In June, authorities across the country seized over 100,000 tons of smuggled meat, some of which was more than 40 years old., Chinese Ambassador to Myanmar Hong Liang said Monday that they will provide flood aid for Rakhine state as well as Sagaing and Magway regions., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, The pot of gold was still unrecovered as of this report:, No fear of heights for these workers:, New debris found on Reunion Island Monday as wing part arrives in France for testing. Sunday's debris was deemed unrelated to an airplane, was a "domestic ladder":, Another escalator accident in China. This time a man's leg was amputated after it was caught at the top of an escalator in a Shanghai mall. Last week a woman was killed after falling through an opening. Warning: the video is disturbing. A total of three fatal accidents involving escalators were recorded in China last week, spreading feelings of fear, anxiety and outrage over safety protocols in China.
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com, null, Obama takes action to cut coal- fired power plant pollution. Read more here:, If you have ever wished you could drive with no hands, your dreams might be coming true., Eighteen-month-old toddler burned to death in his home., Major changes in DC. Read more here:, Appreciating the rangers who commit their lives to protecting wildlife, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, So I got to work in this. And now I want to go to there., Beijing becomes the first city in history to host both the Summer and Winter Games, China Joy brings together gaming enthusiasts, Vaccine for Ebola showing great potential, More updates on the Boeing 777, Great World Exhibitions says it’s determined to get as many people as possible to see the majestic artifacts of ancient Egyptian civilization at the Cape Town Exhibition., China’s ambassador to Somalia says Beijing is committed to close ties with Somalia despite prevailing security challenges, Tourism accounts for nearly 12 percent of the country's gross domestic product., People commemorate Van Gogh's 125th birthday. Born in 1853 in Netherlands, Vincent van Gogh died at 37 in France July 29, 1890, reportedly from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. After his death, the post-impressionist painter would become one of the most influential artists in the world., Researchers gave one dose of the new vaccine, developed by the Canadian government, to more than 4,000 people who were contacts of confirmed Ebola cases within 10 days of being identified., Debris search continues at #ReunionIsland after airplane part found. Flight MH3270 s only missing 777., Some of us may be looking into how much vacation time we have left for the year...., The toddler was sleeping when suspected Jewish assailants set fire to two homes in a West Bank village Friday. The attack also critically wounded the child’s 4-year-old brother and parents., We can admit it: We'd never heard of the island where a piece of an airline wing that could likely be that of the missing Malaysia Airlines flight 370 was found on Thursday., Detained since January, 155 Chinese accused of illegal logging granted amnesty and returned home as part of a larger prisoner amnesty granting by the government., Because of work, he's not living in the same city as his son. To remedy this, he built two seesaws attached with a HD screen so that they can see each other. Watch the video., Beijing won!, Having staged the Summer Olympics in 2008, the Chinese capital will be the first city ever to host both editions of the Games. It beat Kazakhstan’s Almaty 44-40 in a secret ballot of IOC members., null, null, null, null, null, Turkey joins global fight against ISIL, null, Fifteen killed in Mogadishu. Read more here:, "According to National Geographic, some 200,000 lions roamed across Africa a century ago. Today, there are less than 30,000.
And that decline appears to be accelerating.", UPDATE: Mystery of Malaysian flight 370 beginning to come together, null, Does ice cream know no nationality? Maybe, maybe not... Share what your favorite flavor of ice cream is in the comments below. Mintel Bassetts Ice Cream Pitango Gelato Dolcezza Gelato, More details on the plane wreckage have been released:, Check out why bodybuilding is the new pastime in China:, null, U.S. President Barack Obama wrapped up his visit to Africa this week, but once again, the world’s attention is focused on the continent. 

From changing the Western semantics surrounding the continent’s politics and development to educating children about issues of HIV and war, this week on Full Frame we peer into Africa’s future.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/07/30/this-week-on-full-frame-the-future-of-africa#ixzz3hOwNBCJZ, What's going to happen to #CecilTheLion's pride now that he isn't there to protect it? We asked the Zimbabwe Conservation Task Force., Cloudy skies from the CCTV America roof., The July 19 death of 43-year-old Samuel DuBose comes amid months of national scrutiny of police dealings with African-Americans, especially those killed by white officers., null, If it does belong to the long-missing plane, it would be a tragic but finally solid clue to one of aviation’s most perplexing and expensive mysteries., null, null, null, The terrible story of #CecilTheLion got us wondering -- what's the current state of lions around the world?, This guy has no time for cars right now., “I hate to part with the alpaca, if it were not for an urgent need of money,” Mr. Fang said, adding that he and his family love the alpaca, which has stayed with them since it was young., Some speculate it could be wreckage from MH370., Some media speculate that the deal on a missile defense system between Turkey and China is likely to be revived, Learn what the ancient Chinese practice of feng shui is and how it can impact your life:, The bid committee has also promised a frugal plan, with a total budget of slightly over $3 billion, split between games, operation, and infrastructure construction., Besides the 133 nutrients contained in breast milk, researchers also analyzed the benefits the milk provides for regulating the immune system, antibiotic activity, the development of intelligence, and allergy prevention., CCTV's broadcast made it to the Daily Show 2:57 min in..., These 5 things about Ethiopia may surprise you (they certainly surprised us)., World reacts to the killing of #Cecilthelion, as others work to save lions around the world., Why this was only being announced now was not immediately clear., Few countries sentence more people to death than India. Whether those punishments are actually carried out is another matter., Coffee consumption is increasing in china., Joshua Walker on NATO meeting held for Turkey security issue., Los Angeles hosts World Special Olympics., Tanzania to export world-famous bomb sniffing rats., EU top diplomat in Iran for nuke deal follow up., Haitians face deportation in Dominican Republic., null, Cuba’s universal health care has long been a model for other developing countries. Since 1963, thousands of Cuban doctors and nurses have participated in outreach programs, bringing hands-on care to people in Asia, Africa and the Americas., null, WARNING: Graphic Videos, Watch the video of the rescue amid massive waves of 48 Vietnamese off the coast of south China., China has been refurbishing and upgrading the roads surrounding Tiananmen Square in order to prepare for a parade on Sept. 3, marking the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II., President Obama on why African nations really need to start creating more jobs: "We need only to look at the Middle East and North Africa [to see] that large numbers of young people with no jobs and stifled voices can fuel instability and disorder.”, This is the oldest human body part ever discovered in France., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Welcome to... CCTV America. Our D.C. offices get spruced up with a nice new mural featuring the CCTV headquarters building in Beijing., So they found #anotherearth and are calling it Kepler-452b. But why that name?  What name would you give it if you could?, Somalia terror blast	kills15, What other planets has the Kepler telescope found the past 6 years? Find out in our infographic: Earth takes a family portrait.  Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=70767, Another chance to see panda cuteness! Triplets getting ready to celebrate their 1st birthday. The panda triplets, named Meng Meng, Shuai Shuai and Ku Ku, were born within four hours of one another on July 29, 2014, in Guangzhou City, capital of Guangdong. They are the longest surviving panda triplets in history.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=70756
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, On July 26, 1945, U.S. President Harry Truman, U.K. Prime Minister Winston Churchill, and the then Soviet Union leader Joseph Stalin gathered to make the crucial decisions that would end the Second World War., Ethiopia’s ruling party, in power for quarter of a century, has turned the once famine-stricken economy around, but opponents say it has been at the expense of political freedoms., In our Full Frame Close Up, Mike Walter hits the stage with the cast members of STOMP in New York City and learns that keeping up with the beat is much harder than it looks., View this "heartbeat" of the Shanghai Composite Index -- Monday's decline was the largest drop in seven years: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=70699, One moment she is riding the escalator with her child, then the floor panel disappears. Warning: the video is disturbing., The logo features a red number “70” at the center, with five doves flying above it and the Great Wall shaped of a letter “V” in the background.
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Athletics, like the world-class events unfolding at the 2015 Special Olympics World Summer Games,   unite people regardless of race, language and culture. The same can be said about the truly universal language of music., null, null, null, Special Olympics has given Plunkett a new outlook on life. In fact, he owes his life to the organization., null, null, In our Full Frame Close Up, Mike Walter hits the stage with the cast members of STOMP in New York City and learns that keeping up with the beat is much harder than it looks., Since founding the Southern California chapter of Special Olympics in 1969, Johnson has seen this positive mindset go beyond simply changing lives. Special Olympics, he says, saves lives., Now, nearly a decade after stepping away from professional figure skating, she is giving back to athletes around the world., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Thousands of people in northeast China left without enough drinking water., Five people have been detailed in connection with a sex tape shot  inside a Uniglo fitting room in Beijing. Now people in China are posing for selfies outside the store. One person even got a tattoo with the image of the couple having sex.  READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=68254, null, President Obama's step-grandmother says she will try to convince him to visit his father's grave in Kogelo in western Kenya.  
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=70315
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Obama lands in Nairobi., null, In which we explain trans fats in GIFs. You're welcome. 
See them at http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=70096, Thanks to the 65,328 folks that follow us Livestream Watch us anywhere at www.cctvamericalive.com or livestream.com/cctv. Tell your friends about us., Big changes in Nairobi for Obama's Kenya visit., FDA moves to phase out trans-fats by 2018., Syrians face starvation due to UN funding crisis., Obama to visit Kenya, Ethiopia to promote business., China's Lang Lang plays with Berlin Philharmonic., Tech experts voice concern over artificial intelligence, Argentine footballer says no thanks to 40 million dollars., African-themed mall is opening in Colorado, Tunisia legislators debate new anti-terrorism bill., Another Syrian video. CCTV's on-site reporters were allowed to stay less than half an hour at the front-line, during their staying more than six rounds of crossfire happened., More than 50 mortar bombs hit Syrian army‘s base every day. Several mortar dropped around the region blowing huge dark smoke.
Syrian army were ordered not to use heavy weapons, they use machine guns to keep enemies' heads down. Tremendous gun firing echoing around the valley. Syrian air troops were also patrolling this region for backup., null, The 2015 Special Olympics World Summer Games kick off in Los Angeles on July 25 and will feature competitions in aquatics, gymnastics, track and field, basketball, football and many other summer sports involving 7,000 athletes with intellectual disabilities from around the world. Before all of that gets Started, some of the Games most recognizable ambassadors stopped by the Full Frame studios to talk about the global impact of this very unique organization.  Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/07/23/this-week-on-full-frame-special-olympics#ixzz3gjts89zZ, China: Japan should stand by past expressions of WWII remorse., Somewhere out there is another Earth-like planet 60 percent bigger than ours., “European consumers want to watch the pay-TV channels of their choice regardless of where they live or travel in the EU,” EU antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said. “Our investigation shows that they cannot do this today.”, Just in case President Obama stops by, these African women want to be able to talk with him. 
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Obama should consider aid for Kenyan victims on “humanitarian grounds” during his trip to Kenya, said Douglas Sidialo, a Kenyan who was blinded in the 1998 attack linked to al-Qaida. Sidialo wears sunglasses and walks with a cane., null, null, null, null, null, In the world of consumer technology, devices are getting smaller and a smaller while becoming more and more powerful. [  67 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/07/22/aluminum-battery-development-could-change-the-tech-world, For a more indepth look at the 2015 Global Entrepreneur Indicator, CCTV's Phillip Yin speaks to Blair Assaly, the Global Chairman of Entrepreneurs’ Organization.

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/07/22/blair-assaly-on-the-2015-global-entrepreneur-indicator, null, null, null, null, null, CCTV reporter Bao Jiajie captured this video of cross fire between the Syrian government army and ISIL on his account. Follow him on Instagram at @eddy_bao.

#Repost @eddy_bao: Syrian government army push to 4km away from Palmyra，the precious world heritage in desert, heavy bombshell & cross fire continues., Ogle, but don't eat these carved watermelons: These watermelons are for art not eating: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=69768, null, The Robot revolution is happening in health care, where competitors are lining up to win a piece of the $5 billion robotic surgery market., Online music streaming services will not be allowed to provide unlicensed free music from August on, the National Copyright Administration (NCA) said. Those who violate the rules will be punished severely., The two countries aim to expand bilateral trade to $20 billion by 2020., null, The launch is likely to come around the 70th anniversary of the founding of the DPRK’s ruling Workers’ Party on Oct. 10., Ahead of his trip, Carter said that he aimed to discuss American strategy to counter “Iranian aggression” in the region, as well as the fight against Islamic State., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, “Pick a destination. Hit the road and immerse yourself in awesomeness.” Interview by @ElmiraJafari, Visitors to Havana can find US-Cuban connections everywhere:, Bruce Lee once said: "The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering." In honor of the 42nd anniversary of Lee's death this week, we collected 10 amazing videos of this immortal as well as a gallery photos of Lee over the years., Ling Jihua, the former aid to former Chinese president Hu Jintao has been arrested on bribery charges. That's him in the top left of the photo behind Hu and former premier Wen Jiabao., The Navy’s new commander of the U.S. Pacific Fleet Adm. Scott Swift: “We have much more in common than we do in competition”, "Xi reportedly said that the China-U.S. relationship was at 'a good momentum' at present and the two sides have cooperated closely on major regional and global issues", Beijing makes plans to reduce its population. Read how here:
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=69464, British foodie’s healthy delicacies an Instagram hit. A series of playful delicacies made by Scottish foodie and designer Heather Adamson has become a sensation on Instagram, proving that healthy food is not necessarily boring., British foodie’s healthy delicacies an Instagram hit. A series of playful delicacies made by Scottish foodie and designer Heather Adamson has become a sensation on Instagram, proving that healthy food is not necessarily boring., "Organizations representing Greeks with various physical and mental disabilities say they have not been granted exceptions from steep sales-tax hikes", "U.S. President Barack Obama faced a convention of veterans and will take questions from television host Jon Stewart of 'The Daily Show,' as concerns run high about Iran, veterans’ care, and a shooting rampage against U.S. Marines", Ben Rhodes spoke candidly with us about how the negotiations went behind the scenes., Tourism in the Dominican Republic might be threatened by new US- Cuban ties. Learn more here:, null, Learn more about why farmers in the U.S. midwest are at risk of losing their crops this summer, Indonesia putting a stop to the use of foreign currencies. Learn why here:, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=69365, null, null, CCTV America's reporter Jessica Stone speaks to Ben Rhodes about the future of US and Cuban relations, Find out more about what the UN Security Council said about the Iran Nuclear Deal, Check out people's reactions to new US- Cuba relations, null, Havana is just five steps away..., null, A quick recap to get you up to speed of the historic morning in DC in under 5 minutes., Watch what happens as four Americans try Chinese liquor -- for the first time., So here's something crazy we learned today: the world cup in Rubik's cube competition isn't just the fastest time. There are 17 different categories, including the self-explanatory 'With Feet,' and the 'Multiple Blindfolded' -- where competitors have to declare how many cubes they're going to complete within 15 minutes. Blindfolded!, Cold War turns caliente: What you need to know about Cuba and the US., From our correspondent Nathan King on the ground at the Embassy in D.C.: 

"Hottest ticket in town - officials couldn't allow everyone in in time for the ceremony. 

3 cuban soldiers solemnly presided over the flag raising. They were expressionless as the crowd cheered 'Viva' and 'Cuba Cuba.' Inside the receiving line for 500 guests was chaotic as everyone wanted to be let in on this historic day. The Cuban national anthem was played followed by shouts of 'Cuba' and 'Viva Raul!!!!'

Then the U.S. national anthem was played and many exchanged glances and smiled at this historic occasion

After speeches the famous Hemingway bar will open for a reception of mojitos and Cuba Libres made from Havana Club rum - which is still under embargo outside this embassy!", The legacy of Cuban music. (Also, this really makes us want to get up and dance!), Here's how we got here., VIDEO: Watch as the Cuban flag is raised over the embassy in D.C.  
Watch us live anywhere at  http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, Take a look back at Fidel Castro's comments on the restoration of diplomatic ties between his nation and the US., To the sounds of "La Bayamesa" -- CCTV America's Nathan King reports live from the newly official Cuban Embassy to the United States in Washington D.C., While we wait for the flag-raising ceremony to begin, check out what you can now bring stateside from Cuba., WATCH LIVE as #Cuba flag is raised #CubanEmbassy in DC www.cctvamericalive.com  Livestream, Take a look at the building where everything's happening today., The historic shift will be publicly memorialized later Monday when Cuban officials formally inaugurate their embassy in Washington and Cuba’s blue, red and white-starred flag will fly for the first time since the countries severed ties in 1961.
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, null, null, While veganism may be referred to as a diet, James Cromwell says his decision to refrain from consuming animal products goes beyond the dinner table., null, Today's Americas Now focuses a working-class side in Dominican Republic comprised by Haitians, Today's Americas Now: Drug Lord "El Chapo"'s prison escape, Today's Americas Now: first close-up photo taken after a half-century's space explosion, Today's Americas Now: Get your hair up in Columbia!, Viewers of a surfing competition saw this shark attack on live TV. Watch what happens., If you cannot see your hometown on the google map, what would you do? Well, these local Argentinians volunteered to map out their shantytowns in Buenos Aires., null, null, To date, the Wild Bird Fund has helped to rehabilitate over 3,000 birds and other wildlife, including orphaned opossums and squirrels with burn injuries., Professional snowboarder turned film-maker, Einsiedel’s documentary “Virunga” shares the story of a team of park rangers devoted to saving the world’s last mountain gorillas and their home in the Congo’s Virunga National Park., null, null, They are the largest animals in the world, yet they largely remain hidden. But this season, tour groups have been reporting unusually high numbers of whales close to the Farallon Islands near San Francisco., The hit show Fuerza Bruta is a mix of acrobatics and theatre and it starts a world tour in China this weekend., Saturday marks International Nelson Mandela Day. That’s a UN-sponsored commemoration of the late South African president. It’s a day when people around the world are encouraged to follow Mandela’s example and perform individual acts to help others., China is building a new financial center, modeled on Manhattan. The area is now halfway through its ten years construction. The project is expected to cost about $12 billion, and the investment is already starting to see a return., Recent market volatility has wiped trillions of dollars away from retail investors who trade on China’s A-share market. The magnitude of the losses as well as earlier gains has been phenomenal., With elaborate outfits and awe-inspiring tricks, circus animals appear happy. Jan Creamer says that she has made it her lifelong mission to save these animals. With her organization, Animal Defenders International (ADI), she has rescued circus animal in Latin America, monkeys from testing laboratories, and Europe’s oldest elephant., On Saturday, Navy Petty Officer 2nd Class Randall Smith, a reservist serving on active duty at the Chattanooga center, died, bringing the death toll to five., The Saudi crackdown underscores the OPEC powerhouse’s growing concern about the threat posed by the Islamic State group, which in addition to its operations in Iraq and Syria has claimed responsibility for recent suicide bombings aimed at Shiites in the kingdom’s oil-rich east and in next-door Kuwait., It’s been nearly two years since the terror attack, in which at least 67 were killed. Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed the upmarket Nairobi mall, leading to a four days siege that left it in ruins., It’s taken seven months of tough negotiations for the sides to agree to reopen their embassies. In the meantime, European tourists, politicians and businessmen have been rushing to Cuba, Muslims all over the world are celebrating Eid- Al Fitr, the festivities to mark the end of Ramadan., null, null, Iraqi police officials said at least 170 people were also wounded in the attack in the town of Khan Beni Saad. The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attacks., null, Beijing is protesting the passing of a defense bill in Japan’s lower house that may pave the way for the country’s military to operate overseas. The controversial bill still needs approval in the upper house of Japan’s parliament., Young Chinese today are being strongly encouraged to innovate. Hot words such as ‘maker’ and ‘internet plus’ were written into the government work plan and have become national strategy.

Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, China has the world’s second largest area for growing wine after Spain. China’s environment provides fertile ground for its growing wine industry., null, null, null, null, How much do you know about Chinese liquor? Watch as 3 Americans taste and learn about 3 spirits in this video. Have you tasted Chinese spirits? Tell us what you thought. And learn about Chinese wine in our Insight segment at 9pm EST. Watch at www.cctvamericalive.com, How much do you know about Chinese liquor? Learn about 3 tastes in this video. And tune into CCTV America at 9pm EST to learn about Chinese wine in our Insight segment. Watch anywhere at www.cctv-americalive.com.   Have you tasted Chinese spirits? Tell us what you thought., null, Another example of the power of Facebook to enable people to help the less fortunate., Here be dragons., Video appears to show Russian-backed rebels as they search the wreckage of MH17., "Besides weapons, [jihadis] need doctors most.”, China's stock market appears to be stabilizing after a three-week slide. Here's what the government did., In the fight against world poverty, a new $50 million fund will be added., The Premier said China hopes Japan can keep its promises to seriously address the concerns of Asian countries which suffered from past Japanese aggression, and called on Japan to play its role in regional peace and development., The FBI still has no idea  what motivated the shooter., Round No. 3 for Greece., null, null, null, null, null, Check out these daring acts!, Check out what these women who are stepping away from traditions, null, null, null, Check out this huge fire of a chemical plant. According to reports, there were no casualties and two firefighters reported minor injuries. READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=68345, A new close-up image of an equatorial region near the base of Pluto’s bright heart-shaped feature shows a mountain range with peaks jutting as high as 11,000 feet (3,500 meters) above the surface of the icy body.
Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com 
Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, A Chinese couple decided to do more than try on clothes in a Uniglo dressing room., null, null, null, null, Did you know that physicians, dentists and vets have a higher than average suicide rate in comparison to other professionals? Learn more here:, Crazy that for New York, one of the style capitals of the world, this week was a first. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=68112, null, This is more "mindful" driving than your typical 10-and-2., Down a hole in the shower, through a pipe vent, a mile through a tunnel, up a ladder. Watch video of "El Chapo's" escape route from a Mexican jail.  MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=68128
Like this? Follow us: CCTVAmerica on Facebook | @cctv_america on Twitter, His two-year deal is worth $4.25 million., WATCH LIVE: @POTUS speaking any moment about the #IranDeal from the White House.   http://cctvamericalive.com/, MINIONS!, The recent sell-off has drawn panic among U.S. investors who have come to rely on the growing Chinese market for profits., null, China's statistics bureau said the data indicated growth was "ready to pick up", crediting the recent haul of fiscal measures., NASA's New Horizons spacecraft flies past Pluto   http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=67821, New York's creative sector boosts economy, Depression, suicide problems for Wall Street bankers, US startups watch Chinese stock market, null, null, null, null, null, null, Woohoo! New Horizons survived its date with Pluto. Now check out our favorite images of it on social media today. 
Like this? Follow us: CCTVAmerica on Facebook | @cctv_america on Twitter, Many say Greek Eurozone exit would've been better, null, We turned to our own Elmira Jafari – an Iranian-born guest booker and blogger for CCTV America – to understand the feelings of Iranians after news broke of the deal. Here, she talks about why Iranians are happy, and if Iran can be trusted., Lions, tigers and bears! From the Amazon in South America to the mountain ranges of Africa to the concrete jungle of New York City. This week on Full Frame we get a close-up look at some of the planet’s most vulnerable animals and the people dedicated to ensuring their survival. Read More: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=67836, Did you know the U.S. helped Iran start its nuclear program? Here is an explainer of developments in Iran's nuclear history going back to 1957.  READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=67860, In 3 words, give us your opinion on the Iran nuclear deal. #IranDeal3words, Some of these are pretty clever., Share your thoughts on the #IranDeal in three words. Example: Will deal stand? #IranDeal3words, Read the full text of the deal and the key points as distributed from the White House., null, "Today, after two years of negotiations, the United States, together with our international partners, has achieved something that decades of animosity has not — a comprehensive, long-term deal with Iran that will prevent it from obtaining a nuclear weapon.", null, null, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said ‘a new chapter’ has begun in relations with the world. Do you agree?, null, CCTV's Roee Ruttenberg just returned from an interview with Ukraine's Minister of Finance who says they're open to more investment with China. Learn more in the video and be sure to see the full interview on Global Business Tuesday, in the U.S., null, null, null, null, null, null, Involuntary laziness is a real thing (for pandas anyway): http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=67474, Seriously, this is a big deal people: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=67484, Typhoon Nangka is expected to continue to strengthen over the warm waters of the Pacific Ocean through midweek, approaching super typhoon intensity.

SEE MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=67481, Nearly 37-year-old panda may create a world record: //www.cctv-america.com/?p=67459, The local meteorological center said that winds on land and sea reached up to 60 miles (96 kilometers) an hour, while some cities have had more than three inches (80 millimeters) of rain., On Twitter, a Super Mario flag flies at half staff to honor the passing of Nintendo President Satoru Iwata. What's your favorite Nintendo game of all time?, null, Seventeen days into this round of talks and deal is still elusive: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=67442, These “minimum requirements” don't guarantee a successful bailout negotiation -- first, Greece will need to make the deal’s tough economic measures into law before it can get any new loans., The deal, which still needs approval from Greece’s parliament, will be the country’s third bailout in five years.

Follow us: @cctv_america on Twitter | CCTVAmerica on Facebook, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Behind-the-scenes footage of upcoming Star Wars film released	#Starwars, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, What's the difference between a typhoon, hurricane, or cyclone?	Find out here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=67159, null, null, The new GoPro Hero4 is out. It's their smallest camera yet. CCTV's Mark Niu sat down with GoPro founder Nick Woodman and asked him to convince us why we should buy it.  Plus we have 10 really cool GoPro videos on this story. Check it out., Divorce season follows exam season in China, again: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=67040, ICYMI: Tai Shan the panda turned 10 this week, and celebrated with a pretty awesome carrot "cake".

SEE MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=66857, China stocks post two-day strong rebound: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=67021, America's Now examines the life of Oscar Romero: https://youtu.be/EUXvcwsvrMc
Watch the full show Sunday at 7pm EST on your computer, tablet or mobile: www.cctvamericalive.com, "I’m here today to meet my friends as it’s a typhoon holiday so everyone is not busy. I feel a little happy about it,” said 20-year-old Hank Lee., You know him from "Lawrence of Arabia" and "Doctor Zhivago." But did you know Omar Sharif also played Argentine-born revolutionary Ernesto “Che” Guevara in “Che!”, Italian Marco Polo in “Marco the Magnificent” and Mongol leader Genghis Khan in “Genghis Khan”?, Watch the gif of the Confederate flag come down at South Carolina's Statehouse: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=67006, South Carolina Highway Patrol honor guard take down the Confederate flag from the state capital as watchers sing "Na Na Hey Hey" also known as "Kiss Him Goodbye": http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=67006, BREAKING: Confederate flag at the South Carolina state house has just been taken down., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, #PeonyPavilion make its debut in Lincoln Center
 
Brought to you by the National Ballet of China,  this 2008 production Peony Pavilion swept audiences in Lincoln Center on Wednesday. It is a combination of classic ballet and modern dance, with a taste of oriental mystery. Peony Pavilion  is a well-known love story in China’s literary history, created during the Ming Dynasty.  The company also brings “The Red Detachment of Women”, which will be on stage from July 11-12 as part of the Lincoln Center Festival.
Photo: CCTV/Li Wenjia, Ready for cute overload?, null, Of what remains, only a sliver — about 8 percent — is in good condition., Around one third of China’s Ming-era Great Wall has disappeared over time due to natural erosion and human damage., Typhoon Chan-Hom about to hit land in East China: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=66697, NYSE trading pause may have been due to software update: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=66690, John Kerry says tough issues in way of Iran nuke deal, ‘we will not rush and we will not be rushed’., Diplomats reconvened amid persistent uncertainty as Iran nuke talks enter 13th day: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=66685, Chinese stocks surge as composite Index rises 5.76 percent	http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=66716, Opponents of removing the flag lamented that the flag had been “hijacked” by racists., The bill requires the flag be taken down within 24 hours of her signing and shipped to a local history museum., The watermelon vendors were told to leave. They didn't like that idea., null, The experiences of mixed race people in Japan., FARC to begin month long ceasefire., Launch of BRICS Development Bank., Work begins to restart Japanese nuclear power industry., null, Meet Frozen’s Elsa and Anna, the animated versions of COURSE!

Travel with CCTV to Disney’s ARL: Animation Research Library in the U.S. to see what the family friendly cartoons look like as it’s being made. The library holds Disney’s animated film drawings, layouts, hand-painted backgrounds and story sketches. Check this video to see how the magic happens., null, null, Watch the making of a jianbing in the USA. Learn more: From Beijing to Portland, Chinese ‘crepe’ food truck introduces new flavor: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=64676, NASA’s New Horizons spacecraft is on track to sweep past Pluto next week despite hitting a “speed bump” that temporarily halted science collection.
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/07/08/spacecraft-closing-in-on-pluto-hits-speed-bump-but-recovers#ixzz3fJl0Ni00, Greece has been told it has to deliver details of the reforms by Thursday night – so that a deal can be agreed at a summit of the European Union's 28 leaders Sunday., By 6 a.m. on July 8, 1937, Japanese troops occupied an area in China by the Lugou (Marco Polo) bridge. During the battle, two garrison platoons of Chinese soldiers were killed. This event, which began the night before, is generally considered the beginning of the War Against Japanese Aggression – which would later merge into WWII., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Wife of London suicide bomber is terror mastermind in Africa, null, Mapping the major battles of WWII China, Last month India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched a social media campaign using the hashtag #selfiewithmydaughter to promote gender equality and raise issues such as female feticide and infanticide that have plagued the Indian subcontinent for years. The campaign originated from a similar campaign launched by a politician in a village in Haryana in northern India. So far, more than 70,000 people have participated in the hashtag campaign both inside and outside of India. Here’s a sample of some of the #selfiewithmydaughter tweets., null, “The next 48 hours will be crucial.” -James Nixon, chief European economist at Oxford Economics, On July 7,1937, Japanese troops marched across Lugou Bridge at the outskirts of Beijing, and started a massive military aggression against China. The day is now widely considered by Chinese to mark the beginning of the country’s eight-year War of Resistance against Japan.  Click to learn more about China during WWII., In Tehran Tuesday, Iran’s Atomic Energy Organization declared it had reached a “general understanding” in parallel talks with the U.N. nuclear agency on “joint cooperation.”, About 1,600 stocks dipped to a halt on Tuesday, led by real estate, aerospace and non-ferrous metals sectors, null, “Ten years on, this is one of those days when everyone remembers exactly where they were when they heard the news." – British Prime Minister David Cameron, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Today's The Heat: Greece's Eurozone future after referendum "NO", No termite fears here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=65762, World watches the fate of Greece: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=65872, Iran sees existing U.N. resolutions imposed on its nuclear program and the accompanying sanctions as unjust and illegal. It has insisted that those resolutions be lifted since the start of international negotiations nearly a decade ago to limit its nuclear-arms making capability., To regain the control of Bailingmiao, a small town on the boarder of Mongolia and China, the Chinese military fought against Japanese-trained Mongolian troops who had been attacking the town., Check out our photo gallery of the U.S. women's victory in the World Cup. 
http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-us-women-win-world-cup, Greek presidential source says bailout negotiator Tsakalotos to be sworn in as finance minister on Monday., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, This is the first episode of the special digital series "Understand Chinese Battlefield in WWII in 70 seconds" from this July to December for the commemoration the Victory of WWII in Asia-Pacific. 
We started this with the story of Gen. Ji Hongchang., July 7 marks the 78th anniversary of The Marco Polo Bridge Incident, in Chinese the Lugou Bridge Incident. This marked the beginning of the War of Resistance by the Chinese people against Japanese aggression during the WWII., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, This 120-hour voyage from Nagoya broke the record for the world’s longest nonstop solo flight. The late U.S. adventurer Steve Fossett set the previous record of 76 hours, Could what happened in Ferguson happen anywhere? Part 2 of our interview with the mayor of Ferguson., What has the city of Ferguson done to mend the relationship between police and the community? Part 1 of our interview with the city's mayor., 100 countries now have Apple Music. Here's a playlist of 11 of those countries top song. Take a listen! ♫, Heard coming up the escalator at the DC Metro Center station., Photographer Anne Geddes’ series on meningicoccal disease., Can the world economy work without debt?, The Heat discusses the Iran nuclear program, Debt recovery in Uruguay may be model for Greece., Sport builds team discipline in poorer Sao Paulo community., #Ferguson #RaceInAmerica #Police, Educators are leaving Mexico for better wages and opportunity, Apple bites into streaming music., null, Cuba and the U.S. will reopen their embassies on June 20th. But the Cuban embassy mansion in the US actually has a nearly 100-year history. Learn more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=64947, The rate fell mainly because many people out of work gave up on their job searches and were no longer counted as unemployed, which may reflect rising discouragement., null, null, US heads to World Cup final with 2-0 win over Germany, null, null, Huge police presence, but it appears no evidence any shots were fired at DC Navy Yard. Security found no one inside the building, according to officials. News conference shortly., Hugo Cancio of Fuego Enterprises on Cuba-US relations, The Heat on the reopening of US, Cuba embassies, Cheng Li on the significance of Premier Li's visit to Paris, Watch President Obama's full statement on U.S.- Cuba relations. http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/07/01/havana-washington-will-reopen-embassies-july-20, Watch live 11am: Obama statement about #USA #Cuba relations.  Livestream  www.cctvamericalive.com, The United States’ top diplomat in Havana has delivered a letter from the White House to Cuba about restoring embassies in the countries’ respective capitals.  U.S. Interests Section chief Jeffrey DeLaurentis arrived at the Cuban Foreign Ministry in Havana on Wednesday morning to hand-deliver the message., null, null, null, null, null, Spain's economy growing, unemployment remains high., null, null, null, This explains why you should care about what's happening in Greece., null, null, null, AP reports that a source says United States and Cuba to announce embassy openings Wednesday, major step in re-establishing ties: http://apne.ws/1CHBt3T, Interim nuclear agreement, originally set to expire tonight, extended to July 7: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/06/30/iran-meets-key-obligation-on-way-to-nuclear-deal, null, null, Death toll in Indonesian military plane crash rises to 74	http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=64603, “As long as all parties stick to the spirit of multilateral cooperation, we can make the AIIB a new platform to contribute to Asian infrastructure development,” said China President Xi Jinping after the signing of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank.
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=64628, Greece, creditors to discuss new plan as bailout is about to expire: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=64633, US, Brazil working on a damaged relationship, More expats moving to China, Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank charter has been signed, Legend Holdings debuts on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange., Greek crisis: Greece to default on $1.7 billion IMF payment, Today's The Heat talks about China-EU summit in Brussels. For more details, check out this link., 50 countries sign China-initiatied Asian Investment Infrastructure Bank agreement. China says it doesn't want veto power: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=64435, China's new bullet train offers inspiring views along with a speedy ride: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=64446, Banks will remain shut until next Monday, and a daily limit of 60 euros ($67) has been placed on cash withdrawals from ATMs., In Sichuan Province alone, 59,900 people have been evacuated to date and approximately 43,000 houses collapsed., The fire at the water park was sparked by an accidental explosion of colored theatrical powder sprayed from the stage at about 1,000 people. An event called “Color Play Asia” was being held at the park., The drug was used in executions in three states in 2014 that took longer than usual and raised concerns that it did not perform its intended task of putting inmates into a coma-like sleep., Number of female entrepreneurs soars in China, Many of injured suffer severe burns in Taiwan Park Blaze, Burundi prepared for Monday's election as violence continues, Andong Song became 1st Chinese born player picked in NHL draft, Today's Americas Now: Land of Kuna Indians of Panama in danger from climate change and pollution, Today's Americas Now: Former sea captain and diver is saving Venezuela’s coral reef., Today's Americas Now: California health care clinic helps the uninsured, Today's Americas Now: Female hip hop group Pearls Negras rap about life in a Brazilian slum, Today's Americas Now: US Ambassador to Argentina, Cecilia Nahon, on the country’s economy., Iran nuclear talks in a deadlock before deadline, Lack of electricity & severe weather slows down Karachi's economy., Meet the ghost festival from old community, #Dansai town, in the northwestern Loei province in Thailand. 

‘Phi Ta Khon’ Festival is the traditional ceremony which has been passed on from generation to generation. It is believed that participants will be protected from bad luck and misfortune and also received the sufficient rain for the coming farming season.

Photos show local people dressed themselves as Phi Ta Khon(ghost) figures and cheerful perform the colourful masks, dance along the street in the middle of Dansai town. Each mask adheres faithfulness, imaginative interpretations and creativeness. 

The festival have been held once a year before the rainy season begins. This tradition becomes famous and attracts tourists from international and all over #Thailand. #PhiTaKhon

Photo: CCTV/Luo Wei, An unmanned Space Exploration Technologies rocket exploded about two minutes after liftoff from Florida on Sunday, destroying a cargo ship bound for the International Space Station in the latest in a string of mishaps in supplying the orbiting outpost. #SpaceX
READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=64368
Video: NASA, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, See the faces of abducted and detained U.S. citizens: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=63672, null, Read the full text of Obama's eulogy for Rev. Clementa Pickney: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=64104, null, http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/06/26/this-week-on-americas-now-kuna-land, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=63963, Watch President Obama's statement on the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling on same-sex marriage.  Comment with your views below. What does this ruling mean to you?, View our love is love gallery on the SCOTUS ruling today on gay marriage: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-supreme-court-rules-gay-marriage-is-legal, The final paragraph of the landmark Supreme Court ruling on Friday that declared that same-sex couples have a right to marry anywhere in the United States, written by Justice Anthony Kennedy:

"No union is more profound than marriage, for it embodies the highest ideals of love, fidelity, devotion, sacrifice, and family. In forming a marital union, two people become something greater than once they were. As some of the petitioners in these cases demonstrate, marriage embodies a love that may endure even past death. It would misunderstand these men and women to say they disrespect the idea of marriage. Their plea is that they do respect it, respect it so deeply that they seek to find its fulfillment for themselves. Their hope is not to be condemned to live in loneliness, excluded from one of civilization's oldest institutions. They ask for equal dignity in the eyes of the law. The Constitution grants them that right.", Watch LIVE Reaction to #SCOTUSMarriage ruling. Outside court & @POTUS at 11am.  Livestream
http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream/, BREAKING: U.S. Supreme Court says same-sex couples have right to marry in all 50 states. #SCOTUSMarriage   http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=63908, null, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=63743, null, null, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=63753, As the second biggest avocado exporter, Peru is looking at China as the major market., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, China and U.S. wrap up annual talks with more than 70 agreements reached: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=63579, Xi Jinping meets with King Philippe of Belgium: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=63574, China offers $483M in aid towards Nepal’s reconstruction after earthquake: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=63581, The landslide caused a massive monolith to plunge into the river, forming 5 to 6-meter-high swells and causing 14 patrol boats docked at the Daning riverbank to sink., The justices said in a 6-3 ruling Thursday that the subsidies that 8.7 million people currently receive to make insurance affordable do not depend on where they live, under the 2010 health care law., CSI 300 index covers a wide range of industries., NATO-US alliance to enhance forces in Eastern Europe., S&ED day two: China, US agree on development and investment., The U.S. and China's Strategic and Economic Dialogue, S&ED, closes on Wednesday. CCTV's reporter Zou Yun asked the Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew about what are the biggest achievements of this year's S&ED. Check the video here about his response. #ChinaUS #SEDDialogue, Delegates (and journalists) prepare for closing remarks of U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue. From our photographer Joel Witte at the event., The Islamic State (IS) militants blew up two Islamic tombs and a statue in the millennia-old oasis city of Palmyra in Homs, The general director of Syrian antiquities and museums said., Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to victims of Boston bombing before he was sentenced to death: "I pray for your relief, for your healing."http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=63438, BREAKING AP: Judge formally sentences Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to death for 2013 attacks., null, The Silk Road is the oldest overland trade route in the world, dating back to 5oo B.C.  Chinese President Xi Jinping is bringing it to the 20th century in the form of the One Belt One Road Initiative. So what is this initiative and what are its benefits?

Tonight,  8pm Eastern Time, CCTV- America's Global Business, looks into CSI 300, a new stock index that has been launched as a part of the initiative., null, Writing has been used throughout history as a tool for communication, but the written word also has the power to inspire, instigate and revolutionize. Everyone can write, but what transforms writing into art? 

This week on Full Frame, we’re taking a closer look at the written word. Tune into Full Frame on CCTV America at 7:00 p.m. EDT on Saturday, June 27, 2015. Or watch the live stream of the program at www.cctvamericalive.com

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=63327, Fact sheet on U.S.-China climate change cooperation issued (From Strategic & Economic Dialogue talks): http://www.state.gov/r/pa/prs/ps/2015/06/244169.htm, Police bust criminal network that was selling illegal frozen meat -- including  30 year-old expired meat destined for supermarkets and restaurants in China: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=63311, New report shows there were nearly 3 million registered drug users in China in 2014. The actual number of users is estimated at 14 million.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=63299&preview_id=63299#ixzz3dzX27ntK, null, Gov. Jay Inslee on US-China relations   http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=63098, null, null, null, Everything you wanted to know about the Confederate flag debate in the United States: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=62912, null, Security and Economic Dialogue talks between U.S. and China are underway: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/06/23/china-u-s-kick-off-annual-high-level-talks-on-ties, Retrospective of six years of U.S.-China talks under Strategic and Economic Dialogue: https://magic.piktochart.com/output/6757096-samped, Inspiring student takes China's college entrance exam: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=63095, A controversial annual festival which puts dog meat on the menu in a small southern Chinese city has once again met with anger and protests from animal rights activists.   
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/06/22/animal-rights-groups-protest-dog-meat-festival-in-yulin#ixzz3dubaBk8a, AP reporting Pakistan heat wave deaths now total 622: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=63105, Where the E in the S&ED (Strategic & Economic Dialogue) will happen at the U.S. Dept. of Treasury from our photographer Joel Witte. For more on S&ED: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/06/23/china-u-s-kick-off-annual-high-level-talks-on-ties …, A student with no arms participated in this year’s gaokao, China’s national college entrance exam, and took China’s social media group by storm on Tuesday for his exceptional results, according to the Huaxi Metroplis Daily., Greek officials said the country would agree to the European Commission’s budget targets for the next three years., Afghan security forces managed to repel the attack, killing all seven gunmen and ensuring that no members of parliament were harmed. But the audacious assault came as the Taliban captured two districts in as many days in the country’s north, displaying their ability to operate on multiple fronts., More than 22 million people have been hit by flooding in southern areas, and economic losses are already estimated at $3.8 billion and counting., Climate change “threatens to undermine the last half century of gains in development and global health.”, This is one of many quotes collected from both sides for the UN inquiry into the 2014 Gaza conflict., Curious what the Strategic and Economic Dialogue S&ED is? Here's a great explainer: S&ED: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=62994

https://youtu.be/KLlW-PZIrxQ, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=62894, BREAKING: South Carolina governor calls on state legislature to remove Confederate rebel flag from capital grounds. Story to come., “It’s more than a rehab center, it’s a home!.” Martin Nuñez is our #GameChanger for this week. He is an ex-gang member who now runs a rehabilitation center in Juarez, Mexico. WATCH AT http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=62151   #AmericasNow #Juarez #Mexico, China's e-waste: A multi-billion dollar toxic industry: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=62818, China opens new route for Indian pilgrims to Tibet: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=62844, The sweet realization of victory.  @stephen_gibbs uncovers the challenges after the election in #Guyana. Watch at http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=62158 #AmericasNow #Guyanaelections #everydayGuyana  #APNU, A dual Egyptian-British citizen, Ahmed Mansour was convicted in absentia in Egypt on charges that his lawyers and reporters’ groups call politically motivated., New panda cuteness!  Twin female cubs born at a panda breeding center in China. The world's first set of giant panda twins born in 2015. Mom and babies doing well. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=62840, This'll be the seventh time officials from the world’s two largest economies will gather to address tensions and find common ground on a whole host of issues., Six Chinese fugitives suspected of economic crimes were extradited in a police operation in Indonesia on Sunday., If you are a big fan of video games, you should need to check this out., South Africa has overtaken Australia as the country with the highest incidence of skin cancer! Check out today's CCTV news and learn about sun exposure in South Africa., Earlier in 2015, The Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. presented an arts festival called “Iberian Suite.” It was described as a “global arts remix” and featured performances in theater, dance, music, fashion and literature. Today's Americas Now tells a story of a Mexico music talent, a cultural icon, who also performed in a concert during the festival., Ciudad Juarez is the biggest border town in Mexico. This city has had a reputation for being a center of violence and crime. Many young people consider criminal activities the only way out of poverty, including Martin Nunez. The 39-year-old spent more than half of his life in prison. But then he changed his life and is now helping others to change, too. For more on Nunez's story, check out today's Americas Now., null, The Republic of Guyana, the tiny nation on the northeast corner of South America’s Caribbean coast, has a new leader. He’s being called “The President of the People,” but can he help repair relations in this racially-divided country? Watch today's Americas Now to find the answer., In Colombia, buying and selling counterfeit goods has been big business. Everything from music and movies to clothing is copied and sold illegally. In the past, the pirating industry has been viewed as a victimless crime. But now the police are increasingly tackling this industry, which the government estimates costs the country $750 million annually. Check out today's Americas Now to see how the government tackles this industry., Learn how to make zongzi a traditional Chinese food popular during the Dragon Boat Festival here. Full recipe and pictures here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=61679, null, Not only Chinese, more and more foreigners join in Dragon Boat Festival and have some fun. Check this out., In Haiti they are called “#GingerbreadHouses,” large, ornate residences that got their name because they reminded tourists of houses from Victorian-era England. They exhibit intricate ornamentation and steeply pitched roofs and are one of the symbols of #Haiti’s architectural heritage.
Come visit some Haitian inhabitants as they open their homes to visitors to help promote and protect these beautiful buildings., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Here's how to make the delicious, tradition Zongzi for the Dragon Boat Festival., This week on Full Frame, we’re taking a walk on the simple side of life. Happiness and purpose, downsizing and decluttering. 

Tune into Full Frame on CCTV America at 7:00 PM EDT on Saturday, June 20, 2015. Or watch the live stream of the program here at www.cctvamericalive.com

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/06/18/this-week-on-full-frame-the-simple-way-to-happiness#ixzz3ddIILVgK, null, The 2015 Dragon Boat Festival has arrived. Here’s a breakdown of the festival: www.cctv-america.com/?p=62462, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Firefighting operation ongoing in Inner Mongolian primeval forest	http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=62302, Accused killer, Dylann Roof, in S.C. church murders bond set at $1 million.  READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=62292, Friday afternoon cute: Four Siberian tiger cubs born in wild in northeast China: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=62298, Learn how to make xiang bao (香包), or perfume sachets, a tradition during the Dragon Boat Festival: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=62335, What is the Chinese Dragon Boat Festival?  The Dragon Boat Festival (also known as Duanwu Festival) is steeped in tradition and legend. It commemorates Qu Yuan, a Chinese poet and patriot. He lived 340-278 BC. Folks here at CCTV-America help explain what it’s all about.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/06/19/what-is-the-chinese-dragon-boat-festival#ixzz3dWgDRoDT, “We don’t understand America’s need for guns,” said Philip Alpers, director of the University of Sydney’s GunPolicy.org project that compares gun laws across the world. “It is very puzzling for non-Americans.”, A friend reconnected with Roof a few weeks ago and said that while they got drunk together on vodka, Roof began complaining that “blacks were taking over the world” and that “someone needed to do something about it for the white race.”, BEIJING — The shooting at a historic black church in South Carolina that left nine people dead renewed perceptions that Americans have too many guns and have yet to overcome racial tensions. [  999 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/06/19/world-shocked-at-enduring-racism-gun-violence-in-us, It'll also be cheaper to surf the net -- Cuba will also cut the price from $4.50 to $2 per hour., null, null, null, null, The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is seen here in this photograph taken by CCTV America's Roee Ruttenberg, at the historically black church in the U.S. eastern coastal city of Charleston in the state of South Carolina where a young white man walked into the church and soon after shot and killed nine, wounding others reportedly saying he was there to "kill black people". More here http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=61907, Clergy gather outside the church in the historic city of Charleston in the U.S. state of South Carolina where a young white man shot and killed 9 people as they prayed in a historically black church there., null, CCTV America's Roee Ruttenberg is at the scene of a mass shooting in one of the oldest churches in the south of the U.S., in the historic U.S. eastern coastal city of Charleston in the state of South Carolina. A white male walked into a historically black church and shot and killed 9, went on to shoot others and reportedly intentionally spared the lives of some so they could live to tell about his crimes. Stay with CCTV America for more. http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, Did you know Ramadan starts (in some countries) today? Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=62069, In the encyclical, Francis calls for a change of lifestyle in rich countries steeped in a “throwaway” consumer culture and an end to an “obstructionist attitudes” that sometimes put profit before the common good., This week on Full Frame, we’re taking a walk on the simple side of life. Happiness and purpose, downsizing and decluttering. 

Wouldn’t life be better if your life was more simple – decluttered from all of the “things” that are taking up room in your life without ever really being of any use?

Tune into Full Frame on CCTV America at 7:00 PM EDT on Saturday, June 20, 2015. Or watch the live stream of the program here at www.cctvamericalive.com

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=61986, "But let’s be clear: At some point, we as a country will have to reckon with the fact that this type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries. It doesn’t happen in other places with this kind of frequency. And it is in our power to do something about it."  Watch his full statement here.
https://youtu.be/TNzIJ3bodoE, Photo Gallery: Charleston shooting aftermath: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-charleston-church-shooting, Watch Livestream  #CharlestonShooting  Pres. Obama expected to comment.Suspect captured. www.cctvamericalive.com  MORE DETAILS:http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=61907, Social media react to Charleston church shooting: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=61936, Church shooting suspect Dylann Roof caught in Shelby, NC (45 miles west of Charlotte.)  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=61907, The FBI identified the South Carolina church shooter as 21-year-old Dylann Roof, who sat with churchgoers inside Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church for about an hour on Wednesday before opening fire, Police Chief Gregory Mullen said., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Watch this woman's incredibly fast way of counting money. Tell us what you think and tag your friends in the comments below., While South Korea is in the middle of a fatal epidemic due to MERS, a professor told them "not to bring sensitive moods and feelings to the classroom and the country.", Hong Kong votes on a proposed political reform package that will allow about five million eligible voters in Hong Kong to choose their leader for the first time: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=61694, No one was hurt. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=61710, How does your salary compare?, Broadway is seeing an increasing number of investors from China:
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=61507, Tariffs will be lifted on 95 percent of Australian exports, regulations will be loosened, and more visas for Chinese tourists will be granted., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, U.S. income inequality is at its highest levels since 1928. The top 10% of earners in the U.S. make more than half of the income. And no one is feeling it more than the American family. [  154 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/06/16/the-heat-discusses-income-inequality, null, null, null, null, null, null, #BREAKING Abbas says Palestinian govt to resign within 24 hours: Fatah, AFP reports. Details to come., China's beefed-up food safety law, which goes into effect Oct. 1, includes stricter penalties, like jail time, reparations for harmed consumers, bigger fines, and penalties for landlords, among others., Bet you didn't know these 15 foods were recalled in the US over the last month. Here's the list from the FDA, and why they were pulled. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=61245, In all these trials, Morsi is still defiant to the court, and stresses that he’s still the president, therefore he should not stand before any regular criminal court., Nasir al-Wahishi killed by a U.S. airstrike says a senior operative from al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Everything you wanted to know about the MERS virus: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=61283, Dragon boat race held in Guangzhou, Three foreigners were among 17 killed in U.S. in eastern Libya., Shanghai has for the first time become the Asia Pacific’s most expensive city for expatriates., No word yet if "橙 is the New 黑" will air on the new Alibaba video streaming service to debut in a couple months: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=61184, China’s recent transformation has lifted millions of its people out of poverty. Now the task is how to ensure the consistent safety of food., “Tonight since the long period of the hibernation of the Philae lander we did again receive a signal, a sign of life from the lander,” project manager Stephan Ulamec told Reuters TV. “We got housekeeping data on the status, temperature, power as generated by the solar generator, so it appears the lander is healthy, it’s operational.”, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, New college graduates are most likely currently mired in the joys of finding a full-time job. Our intern Merissa Thomas interviewed staff members at CCTV America to hear their job search war stories and what advice they have for those seeking work. It's fitting that Thomas made this video on the last day of her internship. And she's taking interviews!, null, CCTV America’s Shraysi Tandon interviewed real estate developer and entrepreneur Ivanka Trump about her career and asked her One More Question about what inspired her to start her own business. Watch the full interview Friday on Global Business at 8 p.m. eastern, 8 a.m. Beijing time., Why you should care about Aung San Suu Kyi's, the head of Myanmar’s opposition party, visit to China: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=60631, Commuters arriving at the Shady Grove Metro station in the Washington, D.C. suburbs are greeted with harmony at the end of a busy workday. Watch the full video at: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=60698 or YouTube: https://youtu.be/XmO1s2pTcOA, Blue skies in Beijing. As the weather turned abnormally good on Thursday and Friday, thousands of photographers swarmed to this hill above the Forbidden City to capture the ephemeral spectacle., As of Thursday afternoon local time, forensic teams have found matches on 352 DNA samples. They were then working to confirm the identities of the rest of the victims. But the lack of ideal blood samples has become a challenge., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, The relationship between the CPC and Myanmar’s National League for Democracy has developed quickly, noted Xi, offering hope that Aung San Suu Kyi would come to understand China and the CPC even better, and would boost cooperation between people of the two countries., FIFA’s top spokesman left his job on Thursday, hours after Sepp Blatter was urged to do the same by the European Parliament.
FIFA communications director Walter De Gregorio, closely tied to the embattled FIFA president since 2011, left his job three days after telling a joke about soccer’s governing body on a TV talk show., South Korea reported a 10th death from the MERS virus on Thursday, although officials say they believe the disease has peaked. The victim was a 65-year-old man who had been treated for lung cancer and was hospitalized in the same facility as another MERS patient, the Health Ministry said., Christopher Lee made his film debut in 1947, launching a career that eventually spanned more than 200 movies. Lee was knighted for services to drama and charity in 2009., Former China security chief Zhou Yongkang sentenced to life in prison.  In his final statement, Zhou accepted the charges. “The basic facts are clear. I plead guilty and repent my wrongdoing,” he said.
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/06/11/former-china-security-chief-zhou-yongkang-sentenced-to-life-in-prison#ixzz3clPHZnoG, null, null, null, There are two kinds of people in this world. Which one are you? Let us know in the comments below, and tag your friends. (source: Imgur), By 2050, some 84 million Americans will be age 65 or older. http://ow.ly/O8CPd, BREAKING: Teachers gather along Reform Avenue and other parts of the capital of #Mexico demanding constitutional changes. Stay with CCTV America as we are there. #MEXICOCITYTEACHERPROTEST, Myanmar’s Aung San Suu Kyi makes first visit to China
She will meet President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang, NLD spokesman Han Tha Myint said. http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/06/10/myanmars-aung-san-suu-kyi-on-first-visit-to-china, Beijing and Almaty make pitches for 2022 Winter Olypics http://ow.ly/O8CPb, null, The ship would not have been able to withstand heavy rains and strong winds common during the Yangtze River’s flood season due to serious damages from the accident, China’s Ministry of Transport said. http://ow.ly/O8CPa, One of the surviving Eastern Star victims is released from hospital, 10 days after the tragic ship capsize. Sixty-five-year-old Zhu Hongmei will return home to Nanjing. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=60293, In the new suspected cases, as well as a previously known suspected MERS case, the patients had been in South Korea but did not visit any health care facilities there. http://ow.ly/O8CP9, If automatic train control isn’t available, then the train should have a crew member besides the engineer who’s familiar with the route and briefings about where speeds are reduced. The second person would have to be in constant contact with the engineer, according to the recommendations., “I will answer all the questions. I have nothing to hide,” Valcke said. http://ow.ly/O8CP8, Among the report's findings: About a third of alleged sexual abuse involves minors under 18. Assistance to victims is “severely deficient.” The average investigation by OIOS, which says it prioritizes cases involving minors or rape, takes more than a year. http://ow.ly/O8CP7, BREAKING: Obama authorizes sending up to 450 more troops to Iraq to train Iraqi troops in Anbar province, AP reports. Details to come., Capsized and uprighted cruise Eastern Star cruise ship moved upstream to prevent further damage. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=60293, 2026 World Cup bidding now on hold as FIFA investigation continues: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=60289, No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attack in which four Egyptians were wounded, the health ministry said., Here is what it looks like to be caught in the shadow of an eclipse while flying over the clouds in a plane. source: Imgur and the For Science/r reddit http://i.imgur.com/EpTz5rO.gifv, Video: 3 injured as cab caught in traffic bursts into flames, BREAKING --  AFP reporting the White House press room was evacuated and a Secret Service sniffer dog deployed Tuesday as reporters were gathered for a scheduled briefing. DETAILS TO COME., null, South Korea's health ministry said there were eight new MERS cases reported, bringing the total of patients to 95. South Korea's new cases bring the total of MERS cases globally to 1,244, based on the WHO data, with at least 446 related deaths., No further bodies found in Eastern Star ship wreckage on 4th day of uprighting ship. So far 434 bodies recovered, eight people still missing. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=60042  With, null, null, null, null, The Vice Chairman of China's Central Military Commission begins a five-day visit to the United States this week. The first stop for General Fan Chang-long is Boeing's facility in Seattle. The trip comes at a time when the two countries are in open dispute over a number of issues. [  138 more words. ] 

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/06/08/china-and-us-to-hold-military-cooperation-talks, Could you pass China's national college entrance exam? Take a sample test of the gaokao here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=59803, null, Kamren Heidari's documentary, “Dingomaro,” named after one of Africa’s wildest winds, is a result of his yearlong stay with the community., null, The grueling college-entrance exam in China that plays a huge role in the futures of young Chinese is currently underway:
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=59785 #gaokao, Obama says the G-7 nations stand behind Ukraine and agree that economic sanctions should remain in place against Russia until it fully implements a cease-fire with Ukraine that has been violated repeatedly., The bodies of two victims were recovered Monday morning, reducing the number of missing people to eight., Video from inside gives a brief glimpse at the devastation, following the tragic events that ended the lives of more than 400 people., New photos show inside of the ‘Eastern Star’ after it capsized on China’s Yangtze River on June 1., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Cuban artists are one group who are benefiting from the improved relations with the United States. The easing of travel restrictions has seen a large number of U.S collectors traveling to Cuba to invest in #art, especially now with Havana’s month-long Biennial Art festival in full swing. #USCuba 
Read More: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/06/07/streets-of-havana-transform-into-an-open-air-art-gallery, null, Full Frame brings you to a museum filled with creativity and innovaiton. 
Located in Boston, Massachusetts, The Museum of Bad Art started in 1994 with a painting found on the side of the road.
Since then, over 600 collections of “bad art” have been collected by the museum curators and put on display in the museum’s two Boston locations as well as in a virtual museum online., Ken Surritte is the founder of WaterisLife, a nonprofit that distributes filtration straws and “The drinkable book.” Physician Aydogan Ozcan serves as the Chancellor’s Professor at UCLA and also teaches at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. He’s the inventor of the world’s smallest microscope, one that attaches to a cellphone. 
Surritte and Ozcan join Mike Walter on the Full Frame to speak about their life changing devices., Shubham Banerjee is a 14-year old entrepreneur whose ingenuity can help change the lives of visually impaired people. Banerjee invented the world’s first low cost portable braille printer using LEGO bricks. His invention was named the 2014 Technology Innovation of the Year by the UK’s Trusted Reviews., Chris Kluwe, a former NFL punter who believes augmented reality, a technology that superimposes a computer-generated image on a user’s view of the real world, tells his story in Full Frame. He believes that the use of augmented reality in sports brings fans closer to the game then ever., null, Go for it!, null, null, null, null, Williams beats Safarova in 3 sets at French for 20th Grand Slam title. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=59633, null, null, null, In the Eastern Star’s case, the ship was taller than the water it was in, leaving the bottom exposed when it capsized., Tests also detected the chemical flavor enhancer monosodium glutamate, or MSG, which is not mentioned in the product's list of ingredients., Check out CCTV America Digital's newly branded series called 'Digital Originals'. In this instalment, a US artist is profiled who has some interesting views on art and social media. Enjoy! http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=59359, null, https://www.facebook.com/cctvnewschina/posts/981334568574030, #Art #Business - check out this new CCTV 'Digital Original' with L.A.-based pop artist Trevor Wayne., null, Watch live the latest on the efforts to upright the Eastern Star ship  at www.cctvamericalive.com ., Aerial shot shows  the capsized #EasternStar ship on the Yangtze River just before technicians begin to upright the ship. The death toll has now risen to 82, with 14 survivors. Watch the latest on CCTV online or mobile at www.cctvamericalive.com, null, Over 300 people remain missing and 82 have been confirmed dead. The number of survivors remains at just 14.

It has been more than three days since the Eastern Star, a cruise ship en route from Nanjing to Chongqing, capsized in the Yangtze River in central China’s Hubei Province., null, Rescue workers are about to upright the capsized #EasternStar cruise ship. It's been over 70 hours since the passenger ship Easter star capsized in China's Yangtze River.
The number of survivors remains at just 14.
Over 300 people remain missing and 77 have been confirmed dead., Explainer on how the Eastern Star cruise ship will be uprighted today: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=59220, Rescue workers have retrieved 77 bodies so far as Chinese officials began offering their condolences to relatives of the boat sinking victims., Crews will attempt to flip the Eastern Star today.  It is estimated that the whole operation work will take five hours. CCTV will have live coverage.  www.cctvamericalive.com, null, null, null, null, null, null, Animal rights groups in China and around the world are hoping to put an end to the annual YuLin Summer Solstice Dog Eating Festival in south China’s Guanxi Zhuang Autonomous Region in June. 
The protest effort has had a large online following with websites aiding people to easily tweet against the festival with the hashtag #StopYuLin2015., null, null, The area where the Eastern Star capsized is only 100 miles or so downriver from the world’s largest hydroelectric dam -- installed in large part because the river is no stranger to deadly disasters., null, South Korea on Tuesday confirmed the country's first two deaths from MERS as it fights to contain the spread of a virus that has killed hundreds of people in the Middle East., One more question for Rep. Barbara Lee: Will Clinton be presidential nominee? http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=59039 Watch the full interview with Lee abut U.S.-Cuba relations tonight at 7 p.m. Eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time., This week on Full Frame: How innovators are changing the world. Watch full show at 7 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time Saturday June 6, 2015:  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=59022, Friendly U.S.-Cuba football match marks historic moment in relations between two countries. Pele was there too. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=58999, About 200 divers are still searching for the missing passengers, but the underwater search has proven difficult as divers found that most of the doors of the cruise ship rooms were locked and that many passages into the ship have been blocked by debris., The US Senate passed a bill that could be seen as a good thing for embattled American whistle blower Edward Snowden, Many passengers had retired to bed around 9 p.m. Monday when a storm began, said Zhang Hui, a tour guide from Shanghai who was rescued  Tuesday.

Twenty minutes later, the ship began to tilt. Zhang said when he was picking up fallen objects he was hit by an eerie feeling of foreboding. Then the ship capsized.
It all happened within a minute, he said., "There are over 4 million smokers in Beijing, accounting for 20 percent of the whole population, but there are only 1,000 law enforcement officers in Beijing.", An orthopaedic technology specialist assembles a 3D-printed artificial limb at the Comprehensive Rehabilitation Services Uganda (CORSU) in Wakiso. An infrared scanner, a laptop and a pair of 3D printers are changing everything for people with amputations, offering them the chance of a near-normal life. (AFP: Isaac Kasmani), Guests attend a garden party in honour of the centenary of the Women's Institute at Buckingham Palace in London on June 2, 2015. (Photo: AFP/ Pool/ John Stillwell), The average of the members of the nation’s only philharmonic, which was founded in 2013, is 16 years and most are from different ethnicities., The 79-year-old Blatter was just re-elected to a fifth term on Friday, two days after a corruption crisis erupted and seven soccer officials were arrested in Zurich ahead of the FIFA congress., Such missiles have not been produced in Russia since 1999 and the last ones were delivered to foreign customers, it said, adding that the Russian armed forces now mainly use a 9M317M warhead with the BUK system., Rescue diver describes efforts to save survivors from Yangtze River boat capsize: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/06/02/survivors-pulled-from-china-boat-capsizing-hundreds-missing, Search and rescue workers have found at least 15 survivors, and five people have been confirmed dead. Divers are still searching for the over 400 people still missing. Here are the latest photos of those ongoing efforts., It's been an anxious wait for relatives of the passengers onboard the capsized Eastern Star., The bomb was concealed under a butcher’s table in the market., CCTV News footage of rescue workers pulling survivors from capsized Yangtze River ship., Watch the rescue of a 65-year-old woman from the capsized cruise ship., Rescuers are braving bad weather in search of more survivors Tuesday from the capsized Dongfangzhixing, or Eastern Star, cruise ship which sank with hundreds aboard after being caught in a cyclone in the Jianli section of the river., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Latest: 12 people have been rescued according to Changjiang Maritime Safety Administration., null, 12 people rescued so far in capsized ship carrying more than 400 on the Yangtze River: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=58657, Dr. Kim Kendall opened Cafe Purrfection three  months ago, making it Sydney’s first-ever cat cafe., “It’s the U.S. that stirs up tension in South China Sea...What is the moral authority of a country that urges others to pay attention to a law it itself did not ratify?” CCTV's Wang Guan said in an interview with RT.
Video Courtesy: Russia Today, null, In maps: How worldwide hunger has changed over the past 25 years http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=58247, Dragon boat racing is a 2000-year-old Chinese tradition symbolizing patriotism and unity. According to legend, the dragon rids the skies of clouds and commands the wind, mist and rain., A monk cleans a huge reclining Buddha statue at a Buddhist temple in Malang in eastern Java island on June 1. Buddha's birthday is celebrated in Indonesia on June 2. Hundreds of devotees congregate at the ancient temple of Borobudur for a religious celebration in central Java island. Buddhists are a minority in the predominantly Islamic country. (AFP: Aman Rochman), Indoor smoking and tobacco advertisements will be banned in public places in Beijing. This is part of new tobacco control regulations which come into force June 1st., CCTV News reports that a ship on Yangtze River flipped in a tornado in central China’s Hubei province. More than 400 were on board and 20 have been rescued so far. Details to come., CCTV America's Shraysi Tandon interviewed author and New York Times columnist Frank Bruni about higher education and asked him one more question on whether it's better to attend an Ivy League school. Listen to his thoughtful response:, The charges were filed against 41 people, including the building’s owner, Sohel Rana, his parents, and more than a dozen government officials for their direct role in the deaths of 1,137 people in the collapse of Rana Plaza., “We believe in second chances for human beings who are ready to contribute to society again. We also believe in second chances for electronics that people have discard but have life left in them.”, The police report called the deaths a “mass killing.”, When Texaco left Ecuador in 1992, it left behind more than 1,000 open-air unlined waste pits filled with crude and toxic sludge, and had dumped more than 18 billion gallons of toxic waste-water., China's capital seeks to snuff indoor smoking on June 1st, 2015 with a new ban and unprecedented fines.  (AFP Photo: Fred Dufour) #smokingban, NSA may lose ability to tap phones of Americans in bulk if Senate doesn't come to a final agreement. Senate reconvenes today: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=58563, NSA may lose ability to tap phones of Americans in bulk if Senate doesn't come to a final agreement. Senate reconvenes today: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=58563, More than 6,400 killed in a year of fighting in Eastern Ukraine, UN reports: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=58560, null, null, null, null, null, #Peru's fashion week #perumoda concluded on Friday. 
This is the first time Chinese fashion designers attended this Latin America fashion event. The event also features a  young fashion-designers contest, and the winner of the contest will be sent to China for a month-long communication. #ChinaPeru
Photo:CCTV/Song Xiaoming, Pictures of the Chinese Premier's aircraft unveiled by Xinhua News agency Sunday. 
Pictures show that Chinese Premier Li Keqiang holding a meeting up in the air with Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi and other high officials on May 17th.
Li Keqiang visited Brazil, Colombia, Peru and Chile from May 18th to 26th. Li's four-nation tour to Latin America highlighted pragmatic cooperation in various fields, including production capacity, finance, infrastructure and people-to-people exchanges.
#upintheair #ChinaLatinAm
Photo: Xinhua, null, Balloons featuring Canadian PM Stephen Harper, Italian PM Matteo Renzi, U.S. President Barack Obama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, British PM David Cameron, French President Francois Hollande and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe are lifted during a protest by the international campaigning and advocacy organization One in front of the Church of our Lady (Frauenkirche) before the start of a G7 meeting of finance ministers, on May 27, 2015 in Dresden, south-eastern Germany. (AFP: Robert Michael), null, This story will make you purrrrrr with excitement: Sydney opens its first-ever cat cafe! Happy Caturday!, null, null, null, Several people suffered non-life-threatening injuries, and there were no reports of deaths or major damage. The quake did cause buildings to sway in Tokyo and temporarily disrupted some train services in the city., null, null, For the first time ever, Chinese designs have been showcased on the runway at #Peru’s biggest fashion event of the year., null, Both attacks took place in the oil-rich east, which has a sizable Shiite majority that has long complained of discrimination., With Cuba's removal, there's now only three countries left on the US's list of state-sponsored terrorism. Do you know which ones they are? http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=58222, China’s National Heath and Family Planning Commission said the 44-year-old man was under quarantine in a hospital in the southern city of Huizhou., BREAKING: Sepp Blatter wins re-election as FIFA president after Prince Ali concedes -- will update as story unfolds., The state has shattered rainfall records for the month., Secretary of State John Kerry has signed an order removing Cuba from the U.S. terrorism blacklist as part of the process of normalizing relations between the Cold War foes., null, null, “China has its own judgment, and no others are entitled the rights to demand China how to act...We urge the U.S., think three times before taking action; act responsibly; stop all provocative speech and acts; and do more things that will benefit the region's peace and stability instead of the opposite," Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said in a regular press conference., The Shanghai Composite share index in China dropped more than 6% on Thursday, the biggest plunge since January.
The index ended the day down 321.45 points, or 6.5%, closing at 4,620.27.
Analysts said the sharp drop was caused by several factors including brokerages tightening margin lending requirements, and a Chinese sovereign wealth fund selling shares in two state banks. #stockmarket 
Tune in Global Business, CCTV America for more at 8 p.m. ET, 12 a.m GMT, 8 a.m. BJT., Despite rise in unemployment claims, overall level is low and points to a healthy job market. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=58023, The storms and floods in Texas and Oklahoma this week have left at least 21 people dead and about a dozen others missing., A convicted conspirator weighs in on FIFA scandal: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=58043, All 470 bodies from the Speicher massacre in June 2014 have been fully exhumed, Iraq announced today. Hundreds of young, mostly Shiite recruits, were abducted by the Islamic State and killed outside the city of Tikrit. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=58024, CDC calls it an "inadvertent shipment of live anthrax spores" to government and commercial labs in nine states, and one overseas, when they should have gotten dead spores. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=58017, Visa had the most acute criticism of FIFA, saying it expects the organization to take “swift and immediate steps to address” its issues., null, null, Did you miss Full Frame on 'The Plight of Men' over the holiday weekend? We've got you covered! Watch it here., U.S. authorities said nine football officials and five sports media and promotions executives faced corruption charges involving more than $150 million in bribes., China's Ministry of Public Security valued the looted artifacts at more than 500 million yuan ($80 million)., Einstein's got a question for you., An all-female orchestra in Syria has been on hiatus for years because of war -- until now., The Consumer Electronics Show is underway in Shanghai -- the first time Asia has hosted., Book Expo America, the largest annual book trade fair in the United States, opens on Wednesday.
Nearly 10,000 kinds of Chinese books will be displayed at this #Book Expo, with China being the guest of honor for the first time.
China is sending 150 publishing companies and groups to the expo, and 26 famous Chinese writers will also carry out cultural exchanges and dialogues with their foreign peers. 
This event will last from May 27 to 31 in New York.
Photo:Xinhua, One of the agreements between Chile and China include a currency swap deal easing exchanges up to $3.6 billion for the next three years aimed at boosting trade and investment between the two nations., null, In (cute!) photos: China's growing panda population, The search continues for about a dozen missing people, including a group that disappeared after a vacation home was swept down the river and slammed into a bridge., Albert Einstein wants to know, are you a chicken or a lark?

Einstein offers a more geeky version of the expression "Are you a man or a mouse?" A 64-year-old letter by Einstein was recently found in a safe at a Brazil college where he offers some brief advice to students. Read it: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=57856, The report found that a majority of the countries monitored — 72 out of 129 — have met the U.N.'s ambitious Millennium Development Goals to halve undernourishment by 2015., U.S. authorities said nine football officials and five sports media and promotions executives faced corruption charges involving more than $150 million in bribes., The recent derailment of an AMTRAK train near the Northeastern U.S. city of Philadelphia has highlighted U.S.'s focus on its own infrastructure investments in compared to other countries. While investigators are still trying to find the cause of the derailment, there are already some U.S. politicians saying more U.S. infrastructure investment is needed. [ 150 more words. ]

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/05/26/us-ranks-low-on-global-infrastructure-spending-scale, The #IndiaHeatwave has reached a level stronger than the last horrendous one experienced there in 2010., null, null, null, Reports have the death toll at over 1,100 with India's most vulnerable dying as a result of heatstroke and dehydration in the #IndiaHeatwave. Here's a look around #India as people do their best to keep cool., null, Iraq announces major military operation to drive the Islamic State from the western Anbar province and retake Ramadi.
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=57661, China issued a white paper Tuesday on military strategy, stressing active defense and pledging closer international security cooperation. Titled “China’s Military Strategy,” it is the ninth national defense white paper since 1998., null, Check out our slideshow of the various holidays that has a good portion of people across the world taking a break today., To reduce trade deficits #India has had for the last 35 years, Indian PM Narendra Modi wants to take back gold held by Indian citizens and temples. An estimated 20 thousand metric tons of #gold jewelry, gold coins and bars are privately held in India. The Indian PM's plan aims to persuade Indian citizens to put some of that gold back into the economy by depositing it in banks., UPDATE: 38 dead, 6 injured in fire at nursing home in central China's Lushan county, Henan Province. The injured are in hospital with 2 of them seriously hurt.
More details to come., UPDATE: 38 dead, 6 injured in fire at nursing home in central China's Lushan county, Henan Province. The injured are in hospital with 2 of them seriously hurt., Seoul celebrates the 2,559th birthday of Buddha. Buddhists prayed for the unification between South and North Korea at the service., In Baghdad, a spokesman for Iraq’s prime minister suggested Carter had “incorrect information,” while Gen. Qassim Soleimani, the head of the elite Quds forces in Iran’s Revolutionary Guard, offered his own assessment of American forces., The island of Cheung Chau in Hong Kong celebrates the "Bun Festival" today. The festival is held every year to placate the hungry ghosts of old pirates. Legend has it that buns bring good luck to the island's fisherman protecting them from the spirits of pirates that once lurked the land! (Photo by Anthony Wallace/AFP), Olmert’s lawyer, Eyal Rozovsky, said Olmert’s legal team was “very disappointed” by the ruling and would appeal to Israel’s Supreme Court. They were granted a 45-day stay, meaning the former Israeli leader will avoid incarceration for now., U.S. President Barack Obama gave the following remarks during a Memorial Day service Monday at Arlington National Cemetery: 

"For 147 years, our nation has set aside this day to pay solemn tribute to patriots who gave their last full measure of devotion for this country that we love.  And while the nature of war has changed over that time, the values that drive our brave men and women in uniform remain constant:  Honor, courage, selflessness.  Those values lived in the hearts of everyday heroes who risked everything for us in every American war -- men and women who now rest forever in these quiet fields and across our land." 

In the photo, the president, accompanied by Maj. Gen. Jeffrey S. Buchanan, left, Commander of the U.S. Army Military District of Washington, and the with the aid of Sgt. 1st Class John C. Wirth, lays a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknowns. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais), null, Home Minister Ahmad Zahid Hamidi said officials are determining whether the graves were of human trafficking victims, but did not say how many dead bodies were discovered., null, null, null, null, Hou Hsiao-Hsien, director from Taiwan has been awarded with the Best Director prize of the 68th Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southeastern France on Sunday.  #Cannes2015
PHOTO: AFP, null, Ten cooperation deals were signed during Chinese Premier Li Keqiang’s three-day stay in Peru, on investment, transportation, hydropower development, agriculture and education., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia says it hadn’t wanted to lift the five-month-old cease-fire, but that the constant military pursuit of the rebels makes it a necessity., eLong had reportedly been a drag on Expedia’s earnings., Gov. Talal Barazi of the central province of Homs, which includes Palmyra, said that IS fighters have abducted men and “might have committed massacres.”, Police have not detailed why Daron Dylon Wint, 34, would want to kill 46-year-old Savvas Savopoulos; his 47-year-old wife, Amy; their son, Philip; and housekeeper Veralicia Figueroa., Haiti has been one of the most consistent IMF borrowers as the island has struggled to deal with hurricanes, high food prices, and an earthquake that devastated its economy in 2010. Its last IMF programme, totalling $60 million, ended in December., “If she was released because she showed repentance, other criminals should be equally released,” said 19-year-old college student Kim Ryeong-hui. “I think the court went easy on her. I feel angry when people mistreat other people in lower ranks.”, PayPal launches its China Connect, which will link Chinese consumers directly with PayPal’s global merchants., null, #BREAKING from AP: Six officers indicted in death of #FreddieGray

The state's attorney in Baltimore says all six officers charged in the police-custody death of Freddie Gray have been indicted by a grand jury.

State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby made the announcement Thursday. The charges returned by the grand jury were similar to the charges Mosby announced about three weeks ago.

Mosby has said Gray's neck was broken because he was injured while being handcuffed, shackled and placed head-first into a police van. She says his pleas for medical attention were repeatedly ignored.

Gray was arrested April 12. He died in a hospital a week later and became a symbol of what protesters say was police brutality against blacks., Chinese Premier Li Keqiang arrives in #Colombia for an official visit to Colombia, with a series of cooperation deals expected to be signed. #ChinaColombia, A #halo around the sun is seen in the sky above Mexico City on Thursday. The halo is formed by millions of tiny ice crystals causing refraction, or splitting of light, and also by reflection of the light from the ice crystals. #sunhalo  
Photo: CCTV/Cao Qingyun; AFP, Navy chief Abdul Aziz Jaafar said four vessels had been deployed, and three helicopters and three other ships were on standby., Letterman joked that Stephen Hawking figured out that the 6,028 broadcasts included “about eight minutes of laughter.”, The twin successes pile pressure not just on Damascus and Baghdad, but also throw doubt on U.S. strategy to rely almost exclusively on air strikes to defeat the Sunni Muslim movement., The environmental impact still is being assessed, but so far there is no evidence of widespread harm to birds and sea life., null, null, Take a look at this incredible access CCTV's Feng Yunxian gained to the ancient sites of Palmyra, #Syria where fears are that the Islamic State is working to take over and might destroy ancient ruins there., ISIL militants took control of the Syrian city of #Palmyra – which has some of the world's most magnificent ancient ruins – after eight days of fighting on Wednesday. Government's troops have withdrawn from the city.

CCTV's reporter Feng Yunxian went to Palmyra on Tuesday with the Syrian army, the day before it fell to the Islamic militants. She stopped at every checkpoint on the only road between Damascus and Palmyra until he and the army were assured the road ahead was safe. #ISIL had attacked the checkpoints several times recently, trying to cut the support from the Syrian army to Palmyra.

Palmyra is home to the monumental ruins of a great city, one that was one of the most important cultural centers of the ancient world. From the 1st to the 2nd century, the art and architecture of Palmyra "married Graeco-Roman techniques with local traditions and Persian influences,” according to the UNESCO. Observers fear ISIL will destroy the ruins, have they have done to other ancient ruins in Iraq., In one of the letters, Osama bin Laden wrote to his wife that "you are the apple of my eye, and the most precious thing that I have in this world.", Disney opens its world's largest flagship store in Shanghai on Wednesday. It has a 860-square-meter (9200 square feet) retail space and a 5,000-square-meter (over 53,000 square feet) outdoor plaza with Disney-themed landscaping. Meanwhile, the Shanghai Disneyland theme park is still under construction, and is expected to open in 2016. #ShanghaiDisney
Photo:Xinhua, A disease called “coffee leaf rust” is devastating coffee fields in Nicaragua and the farmers who harvest them. Americas Now correspondent Grace Gonzales talks to the people most affected by this “coffee plague.” This week on “Americas Now.” http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=56797

Watch this story and more on Americas Now on Sunday at 7 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time with CCTV America LIVE on your computer, tablet or mobile at www.cctvamericalive.com., The list of banned gear includes grenade launchers and tanks., Chinese Premier Li Keqiang sent condolences Wednesday to Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos over a deadly #landslide in the northwest of Colombia. He mourned the dead and sent condolences to bereaved families. Li expressed the belief that the Colombian people will soon rebuild their homes under the leadership of Santos, adding that the Chinese government stands ready to provide necessary aid.

A massive landslide tore through a ravine in northwest #Colombia on Monday before dawn, killing at least 78 people and injuring 40, authorities said on Tuesday. #ColombiaLandslide
PHOTO: AFP, Burundi postpones parliamentary polls to early June after unrest: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=56728, Cannes Film Festival faces criticism of sexism for strict dress code: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=56732 #heelgate, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Barclays, and The Royal Bank of Scotland agreed to plead guilty to felony anti-trust violations. Will pay $2.5B for manipulating global currency market: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=56741, The Los Angeles City Council gave initial approval to raise the minimum pay in the second-largest U.S. city to $15 an hour by 2020. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=56725, Fears grow that the priceless archaeological site of Palmyra will be in jeopardy after Islamic State militants seized parts of the ancient town in central Syria Wednesday after fierce clashes with government troops. http://www.cct....com/?p=56720, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang announced Tuesday that Beijing is to establish a $30 billion special fund for promoting China-Latin America cooperation in production capacity and equipment manufacturing. 
The fund will be channeled directly to cooperation projects with no political strings attached, Li said at the closing ceremony of a China-Brazil business summit. #ChinaBrazil #ChinaLatam
Photo:Xinhua, China and Brazil have signed trade agreements worth of $27 billion.
Chinese premier Li Keqiang made the remarks at a joint press conference with Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff after they held talks and attended a video ground-breaking ceremony for the ultra-high voltage electricity transmission project in the Belo Monte hydroelectric dam.
#ChinaBrazil, CCTV America's Nathan King is a straight talker when it comes to bologna. Watch the full show on tonight's Heat on NSA spying at 7 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time., Walmart’s China Expansion
• To build 115 new stores across China by 2017
• More than 50 stores will be refurbished 
• 30,000 jobs will be created
• “Aim to be integral part of China economy” – CEO 
• Walmart partners with Alipay in mobile payment, e-commerce focused
Tune in CCTV America at 8 p.m. ET, 12 GMT, 8 a.m. BJT to have more analysis on Walmart's expansion. Read more here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=56497, Pakistan and Afghanistan intelligence organizations have agreed to share information and carry out “coordinated intelligence operations” against militants on their porous border., The policemen were among 49 people charged over the brutal killing of 27-year-old Farkhunda at a Kabul shrine on March 19. The attack sparked protests in Afghanistan and reverberated around the world, highlighting the brutality women face in the country’s conservative society., Fight of the century? More like fraud of the century, the lawsuits contend., Report finds Egypt security forces are increasing sexual attacks against detainees after Morsi thrown out: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=56537, null, null, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang arrives in Brasília, Brazil Monday afternoon, starting official visit of his 4-nation Latin America tour.
Photo: Xinhua, Hindus in India celebrate No Moon Day. Find out what it is: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=56364, During Chinese premier Li Keqiang’s visit to Brazil, the two sides will sign a series of cooperation documents, including a joint study of the feasibility of building a railway connecting the Brazilian Atlantic coast with the Peruvian Pacific coast. #ChinaBrazil, Shiite rebels reject the main aim of the talks, the restoration of exiled President Hadi who fled the country in March in the face of rebel advances, and the location of the negotiations in Saudi Arabia, which is leading an air campaign against the rebels and their allies., Federal regulators on Saturday ordered Amtrak to expand use of a speed-control system long in effect for southbound trains near the crash site to northbound trains in the same area., The worldwide internet users have been obsessed with a Chinese app during the past several months which can help to make a 3D cartoon character. This app is called XiaoOu(小偶), and the english name MyIdol in the US App Store.
We used this app to make 3D characters for CCTV America’s anchors Elaine Reyes and Asieh Namdar.
Click here to see how stars like Lady Gaga,Miley Cyrus and others have posted with this App: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=55958, Dwellers of Colombia’s Bronx are given a second chance #AmericasNow #colombia #bronx, The Beautiful Game turned into a force for social change #AmericasNow, The might of the Calbuco volcano, The internet has been obsessed with a new Chinese app called #Myidol that turns you into a 3-D cartoon character. CCTV America's digital team made this for Elaine Reyes, Anchor/Presenter CCTV America and Asieh Namdar. Our reporter Jim Spellman will show you how to do it for yourself at 8 ET., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Selfie photo of Chinese premier Li Keqiang and Indian PM Modi published by Modi's weibo account., Mohammed Morsi, Egypt's ex-leader, sentenced to death, null, From: CCTV America's Nick Harper who is at the Tsarnaev sentencing: No jurors looked at Tsarnaev. Jury sentence him to DEATH on some counts for 2013 Boston Marathon Bombing. Silence in the courtroom. Tsarnaev swallows hard. Attorney Bruck wants the jurors polled one by one. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=56045, BREAKING: Jury in Boston Marathon bomber trial sentences Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to death: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=56045, BREAKING: Jury in Boston Marathon bomber trial reaches verdict on whether he should be sentenced to die. Will announce in a few minutes: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=56045, Scientists discover the opah -- the world's first warm-blooded fish. No word yet on when it get's its own television network. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=56021, Look at some of the amazing photographs captured by Xi Zhinong.  In this story he talks about his latest project, the documentary, "Mystery Monkeys of Shangri-La.", Blues legend B.B. King dead at age 89: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=56011

https://www.youtube.com/embed/4fk2prKnYnI, Nepal rescuers find three bodies near crashed US Marine chopper: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=56002, Amtrak head says the federally funded railroad takes 'full responsibility' for crash that happened this week in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, null, null, null, null, null, A video released Thursday reveals new details about the fatal shooting at Harbin railway station on May 2, where a Chinese policeman killed a man trying to attack him., “The Bronx” is one of Colombia’s most lawless and crime-ridden neighborhoods. Now the local government is taking steps to break those addictions, setting up libraries for the homeless and centers to treat drug addicts. Check out Americas Now on Sunday at 7pm EST to get the full story., US House passes bill for Congress to review Iran nuke deal, Philippine police are investigating factory fire that killed 72 workers who were trapped on the second floor. Some say iron grills on teh windows prevented them from escaping the Kentex Manufacturing Corp. rubber slipper factory in a Manila suburb.
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=55878, Update: 8th body found in Amtrak crash: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=55859, Lawyer for Amtrak train engineer says engineer can't remember deadly train derailment, Xi said both China and India are facing historical opportunities of national rejuvenation., Ten people held on suspicion of hunting, killing, and selling a giant panda: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=55793, Severe sand and dust storms swept through Baghdad on May 13th from the early morning. CCTV’s Liu Xu took these pictures showing the before and after of this sandstorm.

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/05/13/before-and-after-sandstorm-hits-baghdad, An animated documentary about former Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping's famous 1979 visit to the United States will be released this week. "Mr. Deng goes to Washington" includes details such as an attempted assassination on Deng by a Ku Klux Klan member as well as scenes of protesters rallying against the Chinese leader.
(Via China Daily: http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/culture/2015-05/13/content_20702723.htm), At least 45 people were killed in Karachi, Pakistan Wednesday, and 11 others injured when gunmen opened fire at a passenger bus carrying around 60 people of a minority group in this southern port city. This according to Pakistani local media and officials.

Inspector General Police Ghulam Haider Jamali said that six unknown gunmen riding on three motorbikes entered the bus and opened indiscriminate firing at the people sitting inside.

Following the incident, Police conducted search operations in the neighboring area and arrested 15 suspects, who have been shifted to an undisclosed location for investigations.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/05/13/gunmen-kill-45-shiite-muslims-riding-on-a-bus-in-pakistan, Associated Press analysis of surveillance video indicates Amtrak train in deadly crash was traveling 107 mph. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=55706, ‘A Bite of China’ readies for third season!, Both sides looking to deepen the China-India friendship. Watch Narendra Modi talk about his upcoming visit to China with CCTVNews at this link., “It was terrifying and awful, and as it was happening it just did not feel like the kind of thing you could walk away from, so I feel very lucky,” Jorgensen said in an email to The Associated Press. “The scene in the car I was in was total disarray and people were clearly in a great deal of pain.”, Watch LIVE right now: Philadelphia officials update on deadly Amtrak train crash., Dutch collector who owns a 1,000-year-old Buddha statue with the remains of a mummified monk inside says he's willing to return the relic to China. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=55603, BREAKING NEWS: A 6.8-magnitude earthquake northeast Japan. No Tsunami alert issued. (Source:USGS), BREAKING NEWS: A 6.8-magnitude earthquake hits SE of Ofunato, Japan. No Tsunami alert issued. (Source:USGS), Rescuers in Kathmandu searched for survivors after a second earthquake shook the region on Tuesday morning.
At least 42 people were killed in Tuesday's earthquake and more than 1,000 injured.
The photos show an aerial view of Lalitpur, an ancient city adjacent to Kathmandu, capital of Nepal on May 12, 2015. Lalitpur was damaged seriously in last month's earthquake and following aftershocks. #NepalQuake
Photo:Xinhua/Lui Siu Wai, City of Shanghai is cracking down on poor English translations: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=55593, This image from the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) shows the area affected by Tuesday's massive earthquake in Nepal -- you can see how close it is to Kathmandu and Mt. Everest. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=55561, Another major earthquake hit a remote mountain region of Nepal on Tuesday, killing at least 42 people, triggering landslides and toppling buildings less than three weeks after the Himalayan nation was ravaged by its worst quake in decades., A team of rescuers sent by the Chinese People's Liberation Army returned to China on Sunday after spending 13 days in Nepal assisting with rescue efforts.The 102 rescuers departed for the Himalayan country on April 27 carrying rescue equipment and four sniffer dogs. They searched an area of 2,400 square meters,

"We are very grateful to the People's Republic of China, and mainly to the PLA, People's Liberation Army," said Gaurav SJB Rana, Nepalese Chief of Army Staff .

While the Chinese rescue team has returned home, a disease and prevention team will remain in Nepal's capital Kathmandu. #NepalQuake, A 62-member China International Search & Rescue team returned to Beijing on Friday after the completion of a 13-day rescue and relief operation in Nepal following the massive magnitude earthquake that struck the country in April. #NepalQuake
The rescue team arrived in Nepal's capital Kathmandu with six sniffer dogs and 17 tons of rescue and medical equipment 22 hours after the disaster., The U.S. Government’s Spark Global Entrepreneurship Initiative has set a goal of generating $1 billion in new investment for emerging entrepreneurs worldwide by the end of 2017, and half of that money is going to support young entrepreneurs and women entrepreneurs, said U.S. President Barack Obama on Monday.
Photo: CCTV/Zhang Xin, A Chinese folk art expo featuring handicrafts in East coast of the US wrapped up in April. Named “Slow Made in China”, the exhibition showcases the Chinese artists making the handicrafts on the spot, from paper cutting, Miao embroidery, Qingyang sachet-making and Beijing Opera mask-making. The audience participates in DIY activities and learns the history of these art forms. The organizers, China Society for the Study of Folk Literature and Art and Greatseed Inc., believe it’s high time people brought the beauty of Chinese folk art to the western world., White House denies investigative journalist Seymour Hersh's article alleging Obama misled public on how Osama bin Laden was killed. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=55473, “It is life, it is freedom, it is our future, it is future of our youth, our children, our grandchildren. It is future, it is good future.” – Lyudmila, a resident of the self-proclaimed republic., China’s crude oil imports hit a record of almost 7.4 million barrels a day last month, putting it ahead of the United States’ estimated imports of 7.2 million bpd for April, Reuters data show., Apple's CEO joins Weibo and gains 200,000 followers in an hour. Up to 343,000+ now.   http://weibo.com/timcook, null, The guardians of the Mojave Desert #AmericasNow, Cuba’s answer to an offline world #AmericasNow, Carlee Fernandez’ sculptural hybrids #AmericasNow, Corruptour highlights the corruption of Monterrey #AmericasNow #gamechanger, null, null, null, Happy Mother's Day to all moms around the world! 
And we do have a business story on the mother's day in Brazil, where the consumers spending there may fall flat this year due to its stagnant economy., null, Fran Drescher is known worldwide for her portrayal of Fran Fine, the lead character (with a very distinctive voice) on the hit television series The Nanny. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=47767, This week on Full Frame, Fran Drescher talks about her battle with cancer. Tune into Full Frame on CCTV America at 7:00 PM EDT on Saturday, May 9, 2015. Or watch the live stream of the program at http://www.cctvamericalive.com, null, The #Chinese #PLA’s Guards of Honor passed by the rostrum on Red Square, walking in vigorous stride Saturday for the military #parade marking the 70th anniversary of #WWII., #Russia marks the 70th anniversary of its victory in #WWII Saturday with a #military #parade., null, null, null, Earl is so cute. Take a look., null, Check out our photo gallery of the flyover of more than 40 vintage aircraft from World War II over the National Mall to mark the 70th anniversary of victory in Europe, VE Day., Cute alert! When Mr. Gao knocked into a small creature on a dark street in China’s Xi’an city six days ago, he thought at first it was a hungry dog in need of shelter. It wasn’t until he had taken it home that he realized it was, in fact, a black bear cub. 

Not shy with strangers at all, the bear soon made itself at home in Mr. Gao’s apartment.

According to staff at the local forestry administration, the black bear is a protected animal in China, and they plan to send the bear to the city’s wildlife relief center for now. They will release the bear after the cub is able to feed itself., The unemployment rate in the US has been on a generally downward trend since it peaked at 10% in October, 2009. In April, it was at the lowest rate in 7 years. Click through for the interactive version., Seven people, including the ambassadors of Norway and the Philippines and the wives of the Malaysian and Indonesian ambassadors, were killed in the crash., It's jobs numbers Friday. And they turned out pretty good, according to the experts., Watch V-E ceremony and flyover from Washington, DC at this link. Flyover due to start around noon., null, null, null, null, null, A tale of two babies: How life is drastically different between developed and developing nations - using the U.K. and Nepal as examples: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=54566

One week before the world welcomed the birth of royal baby Princess Charlotte in the United Kingdom, rescue workers thousands of miles away in Nepal were desperately searching through a pile of rubble for another baby, four-month-old Sonit Awal, after the recent 8.1-earthquake devastated the country.

When they finally found Sonit alive, the baby covered in dust became a symbol of hope in a bleak moment in Nepal’s history. As the recovery continues in Nepal, and Britons ogle their new addition to the royal line, the fate of these two children couldn’t seem more divergent.

Here’s a look at how different the lives are for a child born in Nepal, compared to a one born in the United Kingdom., For over a century, Native Americans in the U.S. have been moved off their land by white settlers. Now the roles have reversed and Native Americans want to move white settlers off their land.

Correspondent Mike Kirsch reports on a border dispute that has white residents being evicted from their homes and has even ignited violence. Watch Americas Now Sunday at 7pm EST., You may have heard that the Obama administration just offered $20 million for information leading to the capture of four Islamic State terrorists. But do you know how much the entire terrorist list is worth?, On Wednesday, CCTV America’s Wang Guan caught up with former Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing. The straight-talking veteran Chinese diplomat shared his thoughts on the U.S.-Japan defense treaty, Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s recent speech before the U.S. Congress, and the conflicts in the South China Sea. 
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=55005, With a flood of Syrian refugees pouring out into neighboring nations, is the country at risk of having a lost generation? Bestselling author of "The Kite Runner" Khaled Hosseini speaks on the Heat about the long-lasting effects of the Syrian conflict. Check out his entire interview at 7pm eastern in the U.S. & 7 am in Beijing., BREAKING: Senate passes bipartisan bill giving Congress review power on any nuclear deal with Iran. Details to come..., Will be quite the event Friday in D.C. Vintage World War II aircraft will buzz the National Mall. Check out our photo gallery of a few of the planes expected., The efforts to savage the declining coral reefs off the Florida Keys.
#AmericasNow REEF Reef Environmental Education Foundation South West Artificial Reefs Mote Marine Laboratory & Aquarium
http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/05/03/environmentalists-work-to-restore-endangered-coral-reefs, The animals were rounded up soon afterward without incident., Voters in the U.K. are flocking to the polls to choose a new parliament:

"Because it's so tight, I think that if I didn't come out and vote, and didn't get the result that I wanted, then I'd only have myself to blame.", Alex Rocha's brand of tourism is helping build bridges between both sides of Cartagena's walled city. #AmericasNow #GameChanger 
The Alex Rocha Youth Center #Colombia #SocialTourism #ResponsibleTourism #Travel 
http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/05/03/a-tour-guide-points-out-grim-reality-on-other-side-of-a-walled-city, Somalian government renames Al-Shabab http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=54800, The Heat discusses the parliamentary elections in UK http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=54704, China joins fight to end AIDS epidemic by 2030 http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=54712, $30 million vs. $6.2 BILLION spent! That's just one of the differences between the United Kingdom and U.S. when it comes to electing a leader. See some of the other difference between the two countries in this explainer video., The CEO of the #China tech company Xiaomiworld is the basis for a remix video that's getting a lot of attention. It's quite catchy don't you think?!, This US actor is getting attention for his uncanny resemblance to one of the most famous artists in the world. #Art #Life, An interesting controversy online out of #China where people are taking issue with photos posted of a student holding an umbrella for a teacher. It's seen there as culturally and historically 'snobby' in many ways. 
Interesting too, because a similar controversy came up years ago when a #US military member held an umbrella for President Barack Obama: http://bit.ly/1zNdXXi, The celebrities were out last night at the Met Gala in NYC at "China: Through the Looking Glass," a look at Chinese fashion through the ages. Check out our photo gallery from the red carpet at this link: http://www.cctv-america.com/gallery/g/2qoNk, SpaceX made a test flight to demonstrate an escape system for passengers. The dummy on board splashed down safely. READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=54677, "It's a lot of work, but rosemary doesn't necessarily cost more than titanium dioxide" -- Panera CEO Ron Shaich, Salman Khan to face five years in prison for hit and run.
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=54684, The changes in autopilot settings would barely have been noticeable because the jet was already descending., Because everyone wants a more efficient way to get pizza., CCTV's Peninah Karibe reported on the importance of Nile River, and how it made building the pyramids of Egypt possible. We asked her One More Question about what it's like to see those pyramids, now in her third visit to the area., Six more IL-76 transport planes will make 13 trips from the Chinese city of Chengdu to Kathmandu from Tuesday night, transporting relief supplies including tents and generators, a spokesperson of Chinese air force said late on Tuesday.

The air force has already sent eight IL-76 transport aircraft on 20 trips from April 27 to May 4 to deliver rescue teams and supplies. #NepalQuake, Chinese shares close sharply lower on Tuesday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index down by 4.06%, and the Shenzhen Component Index fell 4.22%. CCTV America's Global Business will have more analysis on the market move at 8 pm.ET, and 8 am Beijing Time., CCTV America's Karina Huber's asked author  Dickson Despommier one more question about the future of vertical farming. Here's his response. Watch the full interview tonight 8 p.m. EST. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=54516, How would you like to get where you're going at over 300 miles per hour? China has a train that can do it. During its test run, the train reached speeds of up to 486.1 kilometers (302 miles) per hour, the fastest in world history. Meanwhile its highest operating speed is 380 kilometers (236 miles) per hour., This marks the first time that IS, which frequently calls for attacks against the West, had claimed responsibility for one in the United States., The trip was made under tight security conditions. Somalia’s government only found out that Kerry was coming a day ahead of time., View some of the damage the Nepal Earthquake had on cultural heritage sites and learn how the country is rebuilding: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=54278, When Apple introduced a selection of racially diverse #emoji in April it looked like a long overdue acknowledgement of the way our world looks. Not everyone was happy about the new additions, though. Some of the strongest objections came from Americans of color., When CCTV America meets Carly Rae Jepsen, OK, so it’s time for us to talk about the elephant in the room…..and we mean literally. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry made a new friend on his recent trip to Kenya this past weekend, and it wasn’t the typical diplomat. This fun and friendly acquaintance was a cute and approachable (though slightly clingy) baby elephant. Best of all: they took a selfie., Congrats to our own Director of Operations, Ira Lazernik, who was named CCTV's Employee of the Year! Thanks for all you do!, Kerry Goes to Kenya: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry had some fun with the elephant in the room by taking a selfie! The featured Kenya native is a baby elephant at the Sheldrick Center Elephant Orphanage at the Nairobi National Park, which Kerry visited on his Sri Lanka/Kenya/Djibouti trip. It might be safe to say that this elephant will never forget meeting this U.S. diplomat. [Photo by Andrew Harnik/AFP], “I am an old man. It is my time to die.”, We have a name for the royal baby!  Charlotte, the feminine form of Charles, appears to be a nod to the newborn's grandfather, Prince Charles. The middle names honor Queen Elizabeth II, the infant's 89-year-old great-grandmother, and the late Princess Diana, William's mother., The men drove up Sunday night as the contest in suburban Dallas was scheduled to end and began shooting at a security officer, the City of Garland said in a statement. Police officers returned fire, killing the men., null, CCTV correspondent Stephanie Freid was wounded while covering the violence in Tel Aviv. Several thousand people, mostly from Israel's Jewish Ethiopian minority, protested in Tel Aviv against racism and police brutality on Sunday, shutting down a major highway and scuffling with police on horseback into the night. These images were filmed by her cameraman. She was hit in the head by a stun grenade. She is in the hospital now and is expected to make a full recovery. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=54156, null, null, null, Guatemalan tradition enlists Burning of the Devil http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=54089, null, Vietnam veterans reconcile with bitterness of the war http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=54144, “The Cairo Declaration” focuses on key turning point in WW2 http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=54141, 10th Cross-Strait Forum begins in Shanghai http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=54162, Several thousand people, mostly from Israel’s Jewish Ethiopian minority, protested in Tel Aviv against racism and police brutality on Sunday, shutting down a major highway and scuffling with police on horseback into the night.
Protesters clashed with police on Sunday, May 5, throwing rocks and bottles at officers in riot gear. Police deployed officers on horseback and used stun grenades to try and control the crowds in central Tel Aviv.
Read More: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/05/03/anti-racism-protesters-clash-with-police-in-tel-aviv, null, null, null, null, Rescuers have found three survivors in a mountainous village in Nepal, several days since the earthquake. Two men and a woman had been pulled from the rubble near Syauli village earlier this week, government administrator Surya Prasad Upadhaya said Sunday. 
The death toll climbed to 7,250, including six foreigners and 45 Nepalese found over the weekend on a popular trekking route, said government administrator Gautam Rimal.
Chinese Government Medical Team treat injured locals at a tent hospital in Dhulikhel, Nepal on Sunday. #NepalQuake
Photo: Xinhua, An estimated 10 percent of the bombs the US dropped on Vietnam failed to explode, and much of it is still spread across the countryside today. It is becoming increasingly unstable as the metals corrode., Animals have been caught in the crossfire of a year of fighting in eastern Ukraine. CCTV America visited one equestrian center in the rebel stronghold of Donetsk to find out how the people and animals there are coping. #Ukraine, "Are you ready to march for justice?" one Baltimore demonstrator shouted to the crowd.The crowded chanted back, "Yes." #Baltimore #FreddieGray, "The fans deserve to have a great fight," Pacquiao said., Curious about Britain's new princess? Get the scoop here for more on the royal birth! #royalbaby #hiphiphooray, CHECK OUT THIS WEB EXCLUSIVE: CCTV America spoke to demonstrators on the streets of Baltimore to get their reactions to the police charges as well as the recent instances of police brutality in general. Their response? "It's not just black men" that are at risk. #Baltimore, null, A global poll has called Panama the happiest place on the planet; yet with high rates of poverty, inequality and corruption, is this “happy” country covering up a sad state of affairs?

Find out more on Americas Now, this Sunday at 7pm EST. #AmericasNow, See 21 places where Chinese officials can't hold meetings, but you should definitely visit: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=53849, “Mr. Gray’s death was a homicide,” State’s Attorney Marilyn Mosby declared, announcing the stiffest charge — second-degree “depraved heart” murder — against the driver of the police van. Other officers face charges of involuntary manslaughter, assault, and illegal arrest., BREAKING: Maryland state attorney says all 6 officers charged in Baltimore resident Freddie Gray's police-custody death. One officer charged with 2nd-degree murder. State attorney says officers failed to get Gray medical help even though he requested it repeatedly after he was arrested April 12. She called his arrest illegal. At some point while he was in custody, he suffered a mysterious spinal injury and died a week later., null, Nepal's president thanked China's for its search and rescue assistance following the massive earthquake.
After the earthquake, the Chinese government provided two batches of humanitarian aid worth 60 million yuan ($9.67 million) to Nepal, sent a 62-member rescue team and a 59-member medical team.
Moreover, as of 8 pm ET on Thursday, almost 404,000 Chinese netizens had donated 25.3 million RMB ($4.08 million) through Tencent, Alipay’s APP and online website. #NepalQuake, Panoramic video shows the damage to buildings  in the historical town of Bhaktapur, a short distance from Kathmandu following the massive earthquake  on Saturday. Bhaktapur was the best preserved old city centre in Nepal, and is listed as a world heritage site by UNESCO. #NepalQuake, A 15-year-old boy and a woman in her 20s have been rescued five days after Nepal's massive earthquake. Search and rescue teams continued to scour through Kathmandu's rubble Thursday. China's Blue Sky Rescue team look for survivors in Sankhu on the outskirts of Kathmandu on Thursday. Authorities said Saturday's earthquake has killed 5,582 people and wounded more than 11,000. #NepalQuake Photo: Xinhua News Agency, Vietnam and the United States mark the 40th anniversary of the fall of Saigon today. View photos from April 30, 1975 and today: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/53621-2, Get your TV ready – Saturday will be a monster day in sports., Pandas on the move!, null, null, null, CCTV's Michelle Begue spoke to Colombian politician Clara Rojas in Colombia about her life's work trying to work with FARC rebels there to create peace for Colombia for future generations. https://youtu.be/EMlxVvCr__s, Watch this video of a cute panda! 
Meet this 10-month-old panda Qixi, which literally means "Seven Happiness". Qixi is from the Chengdu Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding and just learned how to climb. This is Qixi's idea of fun time, climbing the window! It's Qixi's favorite game, even more than her gym-horse or her balls., A 59-member medical team left Kunming City, China's Southwest Yunnan Province, for Nepal on Wednesday afternoon to join relief efforts. It was the second government medical team sent by China to Nepal after the massive earthquake on Saturday. The group includes experts in public hygiene, infectious diseases, traumatology, orthopaedics and emergency treatment, all from Yunnan Province.
On Monday, the first medical team sent by China from Sichuan Province arrived in Nepal. As of Tuesday, it had treated 83 people. #NepalQuake, China will provide a second batch of humanitarian aid worth 40 million yuan ($6.54 million) to Nepal following Saturday's earthquake, China's Ministry of Commerce (MOC) said on Wednesday.
The aid, including water purification equipment, first aid kits, tents and blankets, will be delivered to Nepal as soon as possible, the ministry said in a statement.  #NepalQuake
Photo: Xinhua, “There are other ways to kill people, regrettably, that are painless,” Justice Sonia Sotomayor said. But Justice Antonin Scalia said more effective drugs have been “rendered unavailable by the abolitionist movement.”, Find out why Chinese real estate companies are renting foreign faces to sell flagging property in a new New York Times Op-doc by David Borenstein: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=53414 Does this underscore the view that foreigners are considered of a higher class in China?, Dozens of protesters shout slogans in front of Capitol Hill as Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe gives a speech in Washington D.C.on Wednesday. 
Hundreds of people protested in Washington and San Francisco on Tuesday, calling on Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to apologize for his country's treatment of Japan's Asian neighbors during World War II.
(Photo: Xinhua News Agency), "Enemies that had fought each other so fiercely have become friends bonded in spirit.” -- Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, The Heat discusses Russian President Putin http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=53219, Leadership. Many of us aspire to it, but very few people do it well. What makes an effective leader? How do we motivate others to fulfill their potential? 

Tune into Full Frame on CCTV America at 7:00 PM EDT on Saturday, May 02, 2015. Or watch the live stream of the program here at www.cctvamericalive.com, CCTV's Jim Spellman went inside a business that was burned and looted in the riots in #Baltimore yesterday to find people cleaning up the mess. The situation has calmed down dramatically., 253 Chinese workers trapped at a hydropower project near the Nepal-China border have been evacuated and returned to China, according to Chinese Foreign Ministry.
The China-backed Rasuwagadhi Hydropower station was severely damaged in the massive earthquake that struck on April 25, according to China's Three Gorges Co., the country’s largest hydro-electric company. Watch this video of the rescue. #NepalQuake, Twitter’s stock dropped sharply as revenue and outlook fell short of expectations: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=53263, null, 200 girls 93 women found in forest in Nigeria. Unclear if they are from Chibok.
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=53249, Li Liang, a Chinese noodle shop owner in Kathmandu has been making rice porridge and giving it to local residents for free after the earthquake.
"I have experienced the 2008 Sichuan Earthquake, and I know people need food after the earthquake, but it's not the time of making money," said Li Liang. 
His noodle shop offered the local residents free rice porridge, a place to rest and free telephone service. #NepalQuake 
Source: WMG, Nepal has told aid agencies it did not need more foreign rescue teams to come and help in the search for earthquake survivors, because its government and military could cope, the national head of the United Nations Development Programme said.

"The search and rescue will go on but the message they wanted us to relay was they have enough to deal with it," Jamie McGoldrick said.  If foreign rescue and medical teams are "in the air or just landed, they can come and help", McGoldrick said. "But if they are on a runway in their home country waiting to take off, then we are telling them not to come." More than 4,600 people dead. Over 9,200 injured. Eight million affected across Nepal. #NepalQuake
Photo Credit: Xinhua/Pratap Thapa, See how Baltimore residents clean up their city after riots spread chaos throughout the night: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=53179, null, null, Our full coverage of the Baltimore Riots today: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=53061, Japan’s prime minister begins US visit http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=53067, Update from Baltimore: Our crew there is now leaving the area after CCTV correspondent Jim Spellman's photographer was struck in the head by an object and his camera taken. The situation has become too dangerous as it seems the crowd is now targeting journalists. We're getting medical attention for our photographer. We'll keep you updated. Stay with CCTV Live http://cctvamericalive.com/, A Chinese #rescue team in #Kathmandu rescued the second victim. The team is continuing to look for more survivors. The team consists of 62 members, including rescuers, medical staff, earthquake experts and engineers, as well as six dogs well-trained for search and rescue. #NepalQuake, CCTV's Jim Spellman is in the middle of the riots in #Baltimore in the #US state of #Maryland. The violence there is escalating by the hour, take a look below.
You can see our full coverage of the unrest here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=53061, Exclusive: Earthquake moment 
Phone video footage taken in west China's Jilong County, which borders Nepal, has emerged of the moment a devastating earthquake struck Nepal. #NepalQuake, “We have seven officers who were injured during the course this. They have broken bones. One of them is unresponsive. This is not OK.” – Baltimore Police Spokesman Captain Eric Kowalczyk, Here's a sneak peek of the White House's state dinner for Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe tomorrow afternoon. Call the the three Cs of soft diplomacy:

Chinaware: The chinaware to be used are blue and gold, inspired by the waters of Hawaii, President Obama’s hometown.

Cherry blossoms: There will be an abundance of cherry blossoms both on the tables and in the room marking Japans history of sharing these blossoms with the world.

Chef creations: For her first course, Chef Chris Comerford will create a classic American Caesar salad with a Japanese twist.

Photos by Zhang Xin, These photos capture the aftermath of the tragedy that has left the world standing with the Nepalis people., Family, friends in Baltimore mourn death of arrested man http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=53000, The #NepalEarthquake has left thousands injured and experts estimate the death toll could reach 5,000. Here's how you can help., null, null, #BREAKING: Officials say death toll from massive Nepal earthquake has surpassed 4,000, Dismantling Colombia’s minefields, null, null, Che’s last days in Bolivia http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=52564, null, CCTV recorded the earthquake moment in Tibet‘s Jilong station of exit and entry frontier inspection., null, null, A Chinese #rescue team in #Kathmandu has already rescued one victim.The team was assigned to a group of older residential buildings.The victim is a man in his twenties, who was trapped between floors in his building.The team climbed through a narrow opening in the badly damaged building to get to him.
The victim appeared to be in stable condition.
The team is continuing to look for more survivors. #NepalEarthquake, A Chinese medical team stationed in #Nepal, will join earthquake rescue and relief work, said China's health department Sunday.
The National Health and Family Planning Commission has contacted the team in Nepal and instructed them to "take an active part in medical relief work".
In addition, the 62 members of a specialist search & #rescue team left Beijing Sunday morning to join the rescue in Nepal. According to the team's Sina microblog account, they already landed there. #NepalEarthquake, Students light candles and pray for people trapped in #NepalEarthquake at the University of South China in Hengyang City, central China's Hunan Province on Sunday. Death toll rises to 2,500 as of Sunday., A Chinese student donates money to help the people affected by Nepal earthquake, at Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, east China's Jiangsu Province. Nepalese authorities as of Sunday have reported that at least 2,430 people died. Another 61 people died from the quake in India and a few in other neighboring countries.
Photo Credit: Xinhua/Sun Can, A Chinese #rescue team in #Kathmandu has already rescued one victim.The team was assigned to a group of older residential buildings.The victim is a man in his twenties, who was trapped between floors in his building.The team climbed through a narrow opening in the badly damaged building to get to him.
The victim appeared to be in stable condition.
The team is continuing to look for more survivors. #NepalEarthquake Check this video of Fu Yunpeng, the Chinese rescue team leader talking about their rescue work., Nepalese authorities as of Sunday have reported that at least 2,430 people died. Another 61 people died from the quake in India and a few in other neighboring countries. CCTV's Tony Cheng filed this report from Kathmandu., null, #BREAKING UPDATE: Nepal's devastating earthquake was the disaster experts knew was coming., null, null, The Chinese International Search and Rescue Team (CISAR) sets off for Nepal for disaster relief on April 25, 2015. Photos by CCTV correspondent Tang Bo. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=52756, #BREAKING UPDATE: Nepal police say 1,394 confirmed dead in massive earthquake., #BREAKING UPDATE: China's not the only nation stepping up to the plate to help quake-hit Nepal. The US will also be sending disaster relief to the region., UPDATE: China to send rescue team to Nepal., UPDATE: More of the latest on the Nepal earthquake and Mount Everest avalanche., More updates shortly..., null, null, null, In today's episode of the Heat, CCTV's Wang Guan interviewed the President of Sierra Leone on the fight against Ebola. We also discussed the economic growth in the region and engagement with China. Check out this clip and watch the Heat live now!, Colombia, the country with the largest number of landmines planted across its territory, is trying to get rid of them. 
Correspondent Toby Muse traveled to the mountains of Antioquia to report on the arduous and perilous enterprise of dismantling these explosive artifacts. 
Watch the full report this Sunday @ 7PM(ET) on #AmericasNow
#ProcesodePaz #Colombia #FARC #Landmines #Conflict, CCTV America's Elaine Reyes interviewed Kenneth Yalowitz, former U.S. Ambassador to Belarus and Georgia about the current Arctic Council meeting. She asked him one more question about the importance of the Arctic and why so many countries are interested in the region. Watch his response below and his full interview at 9 p.m. eastern, 9 a.m. Beijing time., We have the #Hubble telescope to thank for so many of the most iconic, awe-inspiring images of deep space., Today marks 25 years of the HubbleTelescope's existential-angst-inspiring photographs. View some of them here: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-images-from-hubble-telescopes-25-years, Palm oil is an ingredient in everything from shampoo, to ice cream, to biofuel, but it's production is leading to deforestation and encroaching on animal habitats. Environmental agencies in Peru are working to halt the crisis. See what countries produce the most palm oil, and view a slideshow on how palm oil is harvested. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=52370, Great images from NASA of the Chile volcano eruption., null, Armenians around the world are commemorating the 100th anniversary of the mass killings of their people in the Ottoman Empire. But a century later, controversy still surrounds the description of the bloodshed. We’ll bring you the viewpoints of Armenians and Turks on The Heat at 7pm Eastern in the United States, 7am in Beijing., Historians say up to 1.5 million Armenians were killed by Ottoman Turks in massacres and deportations back in 1915. A century later, many world leaders are still grappling with what to call the bloodshed. We’ll bring you the viewpoints of Armenians and Turks.  That’s coming up on The Heat at 7pm Eastern in the United States and 7am in Beijing., WATCH: Amazing day & night video of volcano erupting in Chile. Check out the lightning during the night footage.  MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=52267, Read the full text of Obama's statement on the deaths of Warren Weinstein and Giovanni Lo Porto: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=52331, President Barack Obama expressed condolences to the families of the Italian and American hostages killed in the two separate drone strikes against al-Qaida targets., WATCH LIVE: President Barack Obama on deaths of hostages in drone strikes against al-Qaida targets. www.cctvamericalive.com @Livestream, null, How are ordinary Brazilians reacting to the biggest corruption scandal in the country's history? 
Correspondent Stephen Gibbs reports from Brazil for #AmericasNow #Petrobras

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/04/19/brazilian-oil-company-petrobras-embroiled-in-corruption-scandal, null, 43 dinosaur egg fossils have been found on a construction site in South China's Heyuan city, Guangdong Province. The fossils were discovered deep in the ground outside a hotel, where construction workers were digging to mend a road.
Nineteen of these eggs were preserved well, with diameters measuring from 10 to 13 centimeters. Local experts said the eggs are likely to be 65-million-years old., CCTV America's Shraysi Tandon interviewed Stephen Schwarzman, founder of world's largest alternative investment firm, the Blackstone Group and asked him one more question about what concerns him about capital markets today. Here's his answer. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=52185 Watch the full interview tonight at 8 p.m. eastern, 8 a.m. Beijing time., See how 12 wood statues stayed intact in a SW China cave exposed to the elements: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=52103, #EarthDay is celebrated by 192 countries around the world in an effort to inspire environmentalism. Read what international activists say about our duty to protect the world we live in. http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/earth-day-photos-and-quotes, To learn more about how sanctions are implemented, watch this CCTV America explainer., Since beginning in 1984, Cirque has played to some 160 million spectators in more than 330 cities in some 48 countries across the world. Have you been to a show? What did you think?, null, Happy selfie, happy life., null, null, null, null, CCTV America’s Asieh Namdar interviewed the Governor of Iran’s central bank Valiollah Seif about the economy in #Iran and how budget projections will be made in consideration of sanctions. Seif is planning for the worst case scenario. The full interview tonight at 9 PM in Washington, 9 AM in Beijing., null, null, Thanks for following us on cctv-america.com and on Facebook and Twitter. Check out the latest promo from our Creative team., Times are changing aren't they? A male model poses at the Shanghai Auto Show. More here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=51781 (Image source: China Daily), José Júnior: the man who reclaimed Rio's favelas through music
#GameChanger Grupo Cultural AfroReggae #Brazil #HipHop #Favela
http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/04/19/jose-junior-the-man-who-reclaimed-rios-favelas-through-music, null, null, null, null, The upgrade of bilateral relations came as the two countries were gearing up for an expansion of cooperation in various fields, with the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor high on the agenda. #ChinaPakistan, China and Pakistan decided on Monday to lift bilateral ties to all-weather strategic partnership of cooperation hours after Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived here for his first state visit. #ChinaPakistan
The upgrade of bilateral relations came as the two countries were gearing up for an expansion of cooperation in various fields, with the #China-#Pakistan Economic Corridor high on the agenda., To urge more mothers to breast feed, China is considering a ban on baby formula ads.
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=51659, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=51598, Wonderful story on the power of social media to do good. Humans of New York shared the story of a CCTV America photojournalist and his wife's quest to adopt a son from Ethiopia. Watch the video to see how the kindness of strangers changed their lives., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, "Maybe we represented thousands of young people from ethnic minorities, who left their hometowns to pursue a 'modern life' but chose to return to tradition after feeling a void in the heart," says Phuntsok, a Tibetan groom.
These are the wedding photos of Tibetans Gerong Phuntsok and Dawa Drolma, who followed the Chinese custom of posing for professional "wedding" snaps in scenic or meaningful locations way ahead of their big day.
See more pictures here:, null, null, null, null, null, Retired tennis star Li Na spoke to CCTV and shared her feelings as a mother-to-be and thoughts over China's development in tennis., null, null, null, Meet Los Patos Cabreros, the #murga company that won the competition at this year's Uruguayan carnival. Correspondent Joel Richards tagged along one of the oldest and most legendary collectives of the art, during the month-long carnival celebrations in Montevideo, as he was reporting for a story about the magic of murga for #AmericasNow.
Tune in tomorrow at 19.00(ET) to watch the full piece—
http://t.co/RIrTfvFB10
#Uruguay #Carnaval #LatinAmerica #Folk #Murga #Carnival #Latinoamerica, null, null, null, U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power said it was an “extremely unusual and very emotional meeting.” She added: “If there was a dry eye in the room I didn’t see it.” Several others attending said many people cried., The Heat interviewed Henry Paulson @PaulsonInst and asked him two more questions his thoughts on Xi Jinping and the dispute in the South China Sea. Watch the full show at 7 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time: https://youtu.be/SLJiaCVugzQ, Fish continue to die in Rio lake slated to host Olympic rowing events: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=51291, Etsy, the marketplace where you can buy handmade crafts, just went public for $4B. View some of the oddities you can buy there, including a purse made from a toad, and a meditation triangle: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=51085, null, null, null, null, null, Brazilians have protested against President Dilma Rousseff, whose involvement in the Petrobras corruption scandal has many requesting she resign. Find out this week on Americas Now. Watch Sunday at 7 p.m. EST at www.cctvamericalive.com., null, Can one use influence and political connections as cash cows?
Hillary Clinton is up against the wall as her nonprofit comes under fire for accepting donations from foreign groups. Find out why some say those funds can lead to a dangerous conflict of interest. More on Global Business America: 8PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing., As the fight against ISIL rages on, Iraq’s Prime Minister visits Washington in search of billions of dollars in economic and military aid. We’ll talk with Iraq’s former Ambassador to the United States. That's coming up on The Heat at 7pm eastern in the United States, 7am in Beijing, null, Communities throughout China and Southeast Asia celebrated the Water Sprinkling Festival this week., http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=51038, Parts of the conversation on aging so far: 

Serbian Fin. Min. Dusan Vujovic: Number of retired people at highest proportion in recorded history.

Ursula Staudinger: Last 150 yrs seen major achievements in human aging, Europe gained 30yrs expectancy.

David Canning: There is a basic need for a universal pension for everyone, to reduce poverty

He Fan: Aging is a fundamental challenge China has to face but an opportunity to reform health care. Investment in health care doesn't face overcapacity compared to investment in heavy industry., World Bank panel on aging with Phillip Yin starting now: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=50997 #AgingImpact, BREAKING: Officials tell Associated Press that Al-Qaida has captured a major port and oil terminal in southern Yemen. STORY DEVELOPING., UPCOMING: Watch the livestream of the World Bank Asia's panel on aging in Europe & Asia hosted by CCTV America's Phillip Yin at 11:30 am eastern, 11:30 p.m. Beijing time: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=50997  #AgingImpact, null, null, 150 years after U.S. President Abraham Lincoln was assassinated, Americans in Washington D.C. gathered at Ford's Theater for a candlelight vigil to remember the tragic events of April 14-15, 1865. Watch our video here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=50869, Our creative team has been hard at work to make these videos for CCTV America and CCTVNews: Watch: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=77, Arizona police dash cam shows officer rammed car into a person holding a rifle: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=50789, China's National Bureau of Statistics data show first quarter 2015 GDP growth of 7 percent was weakest performance since it tumbled to 6.1 percent in the first quarter of 2009. Analysts said this was in line with targets and shouldn't fuel pessimism as the economy is still one of the world's fastest growing and has a healthy pace of job creation and income growth.
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=50772, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=50767, CCTV America has won three awards at the 2015 New York Festivals International TV & Film Awards Competition. 
GOLD WORLD MEDAL: Best Coverage of a Continuing News Story — Haiti health care. 
BRONZE WORLD MEDAL: Best News Anchor, Anand Naidoo for his interview of Nick Griffin, Chairman of the British National Party on The Heat.
BRONZE WORLD MEDAL: Best Coverage of a Continuing News Story — Afghanistan Re-Born?
Watch the award-winning videos here:, Another announcement for a US Presidential run comes, this time, from Florida Senator Marco Rubio., Senator Marco Rubio of the US state of #Florida put out a video criticizing Barack Obama and The White House for removing #Cuba from the state sponsors of terrorism list. See the video here., The Google Lunar X prize is the largest space competition ever. 
The reward - $30 million for the first team to land a privately funded robot on the moon. The race is officially on, with one company, feeling extremely confident that it's getting close to reach the goal. More on Global Business: 8PM EST and 8AM in Beijing., Did you miss SpaceX's  Falcon 9 launch? Watch it again here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=50575 NASA - National Aeronautics and Space Administration Elon Musk, One more question for IMF's Olivier Blanchard about how emerging economies should interpret economic slowdowns. Here's his answer: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=50561, Obama has removed Cuba's designation as a state sponsor of terrorism. Read White House statement here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=50540, Breaking News from Associated Press: Obama to remove Cuba from list of state sponsors of terrorism. Story developing., On the first anniversary of the day 276 schoolgirls were snatched in the middle of the night from their boarding school in northeastern Nigeria, President-elect Muhammadu Buhari says he must be honest about the prospects of getting the 219 girls who are still missing back to their families. "We do not know if the Chibok girls can be rescued. Their whereabouts remain unknown," Buhari said in a statement. "As much as I wish to, I cannot promise that we can find them." On Tuesday, 219 girls dubbed "Chibok ambassadors" marched solemnly through Abuja, Nigeria's capital, each carrying a placard with the name of the missing girl they represent., The spread of a coffee plague in Nicaragua threatens the lives of farmers, fruit pickers and their families, and is already forcing people to displace. 
Correspondent Grace Gonzalez visited the coffee region around the town of Totogalpa to report on this story for #AmericasNow
https://youtu.be/0C0oQtRsYvw, (VIDEO), While Washington seems to have commandeered the cherry blossom charm, its not the only place that calls itself home to the flowers. From Japan to China to Germany to Washington, here’s a look at the arrival of the cherry blossoms the world over. #CherryBlossomFestival, View the sights of opening day at MLB.com games across the country: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-baseballs-opening-day, Washington's hidden underground station
This week on #UrbanVoices we take a look a the forgotten trolley station underneath Dupont Center and talk to the urban planner that are trying to bring it back to life as a cultural center. 
Dupont Underground #HiddenTreasures #UrbanLife #UrbanPlanning #Cities
http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/04/12/washingtons-hidden-underground-station, The spread of a coffee plague in Nicaragua is threatening the lives of farmers, fruit pickers and their families, and is already forcing people to move to neighboring nations. 
Correspondent Grace Gonzalez visited the coffee region around the town of Totogalpa to report on this story for #AmericasNow
#Nicaragua #Coffee #Roya #Agriculture
http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/04/12/plague-destroys-coffee-plantations-and-hinders-businesses-in-nicaragua, A lawyer shines light on systemic femicides in Ciudad Juarez #GameChanger #AmericasNow
Red Mesa de Mujeres #misogyny #women #MujeresdeJuarez
http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/04/12/a-lawyer-shines-light-on-systemic-femicides-in-ciudad-juarez, Sheikh Naim Kassem said Saudi Arabia made a “strategic mistake” by interfering in Yemen’s internal affairs and warned that the kingdom will “pay a heavy price” for the campaign., Iran’s Culture Ministry made the decision over alleged abuse suffered by two male Iranian pilgrims traveling through Saudi’s Jeddah airport in March trying to return home., null, null, null, Divers hunt for treasure in the Florida Keys http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=49826, null, null, null, BREAKING: Hillary Clinton enters White House race; Democrat seeks to be first female president. - AP, RJ Mitte of the hit show Breaking Bad sat down with Full Frame, here's what he had to say about his experience with #bullying, US President Barack Obama spoke about the #Iran nuclear negotiations at the Summit of The America's in Panama City, #Panama U.S. Department of State, null, #BREAKING UPDATE: U.S. Capitol lockdown lifted. Click here to find out the latest details: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=50102, null, #BREAKING: U.S. capitol on lockdown, null, null, null, #China, #Syria #Russia #Moscow, The government of #Nigeria is still struggling to find out what happened to the group of Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped by terrorist group Boko Haram. #BringBackOurGirls, null, #Tibet #China #Culture #History #Asia, null, Call it “Instagram for doctors”, a new smart phone app lets medical professionals from all over the world swap pictures and info about unusual cases. Instead of sharing selfies , doctors and medical students discuss anatomical anomalies.   

High hopes for the app that gives new meaning to the concept of “going viral”
 
More details on Global Business: 8PM Eastern and 8AM in Beijing, China reiterated that construction and maintenance works on some islands and reefs in the Nansha Islands (also known as the Spratlys) fall within its sovereignty. The construction is reasonable and lawful, a government spokesperson said. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=49802, CCTV America speaks to medical futurist Bertalan Mesko as part of our segment on startups about the future of medicine, including the growing use of new technologies and social media by doctors and patients. Watch the full show tonight at 8 p.m. eastern, 8 a.m. Beijing time: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=49814, http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/04/10/1-dead-homes-destroyed-in-illinois-town-after-tornado, Second time U.S. and Cuban presidents speak in 50 years was over the phone: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=49788, For a list of representatives set to attend the Summit of the Americas April 10-11 in Panama City, #Panama, and an animated explainer of the historic event, check out this page and share., A disease called “coffee leaf rust” is devastating the coffee fields of Nicaragua and the farmers who harvest them:  Watch the show this week on "Americas Now" Sunday at 7 p.m. eastern and Monday at 7 a.m. Beijing time: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=49634, Regional leaders are heading to Panama for the Summit of the Americas, and Cuba will be present for the first time. Watch a panel discussion about the summit and what it means for the region tonight on the Heat at 7 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time., U.S. President Barack Obama said that State Dept. has completed a review and has made a recommendation on whether to remove #Cuba from a list of nations that sponsor terrorism for him to review. Obama did not say what that recommendation was.

Cuba has said removal from the list would be a “crucial” step for the two countries to re-establish diplomatic relations. Obama will interact with Cuban President Raul Castro during the Summit of the Americas, according to senior White House officials.
Click here for more details of #USCuba relations:, China rejects hydropower project due to potential environmental impacts: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=49551, Baby tigers! Enough said. Read about them here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=49581, Television network in France hacked by group that says it's a cybercaliphate of ISIL: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=49547, Charleston officer charged with murder of Walter Scott had a previous excessive force complaint. Witness who shot cell-phone video of shooting says he's afraid. 

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/04/09/cop-who-shot-man-in-back-had-prior-excessive-force-complaint, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=49538, null, null, null, The US had more jobs openings in February than at any time in the last 10 years. See what that looks like., In what situations are police allowed to use deadly force? Find out here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=49436, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted Wednesday in the Boston Marathon bombing by a federal jury that now must decide whether the 21-year-old former student should be executed. He was found guilty of all 30 counts against him.  17 of the counts carry a possible death penalty., BREAKING- Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty in Boston Marathon bombing; jury to weigh possible death sentence. Guilty on 28 of 30 counts so far. News conference soon. Watch live at www.cctvamericalive.com  Livestream   
MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=49285, WATCH LIVE: Verdict in #BostonBombing expected shortly. www.cctvamericalive.com  Livestream, Jury reaches verdict in death penalty trial of Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.  Announcement soon., Video provided to the dead man’s family and lawyer by an unidentified person, shows officer Michael Thomas Slager firing eight shots at the back of Walter Lamer Scott as Scott runs away. The 50-year-old man falls after the eighth shot, fired after a brief pause., How's the air around you? Click to see of your country has a smog problem., CCTV America examines global health care costs. See how your country stacks up: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/04/07/health-care-spending-uneven-around-the-world

Map: Total health expenditures in 2013 as a percent of GDP, darker shades denote higher spending, New Malaysia terror law allows indefinite detention without trial
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=49051, Roby Barrett of Middle East Institute discusses Yemen crisis, null, null, null, null, Pepco reports a "voltage issue" caused the power outages in Washington, D.C. area. Homeland Security spokeswoman says there was an explosion at a power plant in Charles County., Widespread power outages in the DC area right now. The utility company Pepco said it was investigating the outage reports. Spokesman Sean Kelly said he did not have details about locations or how many customers were affected., Most are believed to have gone to Syria and Iraq., Smoke billowing after the Saudi-led coalition launched airstrikes on a Houthi special forces base in #Yemen. Video: Reuters., Deliberations in the guilt phase began almost two years after twin bombs exploded near the marathon’s finish line on April 15, 2013, killing three people and wounding more than 260., null, null, null, null, As the president read "Where the Wild Things Are" at the Easter Egg Roll, bees from the White House hive flew over the children in the crowd, prompting a chorus of screams. The president tried to hold back his laughter, assuring the kids the bees meant no harm and not to be scared. Still, the screams continued. “Oh no, it’s a bee!” Obama said. “It’s okay, bees are good. It’s not going to land on you.” The children, however, weren’t buying it.

SEE THE VIDEO HERE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=48789, “We’re pleased for Ahmed and Ali that their ordeal is over,” Salah Negm, director of news for Al-Jazeera English, said., At the top of Amazon's best seller's list are a pair of coloring books -- for grown-ups. It's part of a trend that's become insanely popular as a way for adults to relax. 

So we wondered: What do YOU do to relax? (Photo: Bipin Gupta / flickr), Dragon Aromatics had at least one prior blast just before it opened in Fujian in 2013:  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=48796, “I want to reiterate that this is Pakistan’s pledge to protect Saudi Arabia’s territorial integrity,” Defense Minister Khawaja Muhammad Asif said. “If there’s a need be, God willing, Pakistan will honor its commitment.”, “We assure the people of Anbar and Ninevah provinces and other territories under IS control that we do respect the people and will not tolerate any violations against their properties, rights and souls,” Iraqi prime minister Haider al-Abadi said., Al-Shabab claimed responsibility for the college attack Thursday in the Kenyan town of Garissa., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Tune in to watch this latest Full Frame episode now! CLICK HERE: http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, null, Do you know the facts behind Parkinson's disease? Here are some to keep in mind during April for Parkinson's Awareness Month.

 #ParkinsonsAwarenessMonth, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, They’re called massive open online courses (MOOCs) and the elite universities that run it believe it can change the American educational landscape. But some say the low completion rates is a sign that it’s failing to gain traction. Still, elite institutions like Harvard continue to invest heavily in the program. More on Global Business America: 8PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing., null, Concept cars unveiled at NY International Auto Show. Check out our photo gallery. 
http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-new-york-intl-auto-show, Hundreds of fishermen rescued amid Indonesian slavery probe. An Associated Press investigation that found a company graveyard in Benjina and eight fishermen locked in a company cage. Fishermen described being beaten, kicked and whipped with stingray tails and given Taser-like electric shocks. Some said they fell ill and were not given medicine; others said had been promised jobs in Thailand but were instead issued fake seafarer documents and taken to Indonesia, where they were made to work 20- to 22-hour days with no time off for little or zero pay. Their catch is then shipped back to Thailand, where it enters global markets, the AP found.

Tainted fish can wind up in the supply chains of some of America’s major grocery stores, such as Kroger, Albertsons and Safeway; the nation’s largest retailer, Wal-Mart; and the biggest food distributor, Sysco. It can find its way into the supply chains of some of the most popular brands of canned pet food, including Fancy Feast, Meow Mix and Iams. It can turn up as calamari at fine dining restaurants, as imitation crab in a California sushi roll or as packages of frozen snapper relabeled with store brands that land on our dinner tables.

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=48350, CCTV's Karina Huber interviewed General Motors President Daniel Ammann and asked him One More Question about the challenges facing GM. Heres his response: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=48310, Zhou is the highest-level official charged as part of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign that began in late 2012., UN report: ISIL held areas a ‘finishing school’ for foreign fighters http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=48124, null, null, Wealthy Chinese often send their children to school in Australia. And the continent is also a popular Chinese vacation get away. Now Chinese businesses are getting in on the action and heavily investing in Australia. As a result the Australian economy is benefiting and Australians are getting oodles of Chinese related jobs.

More on Global Business: 8PM Eastern, null, The Heat interviews Hanan Ashwari, a member of the PLO Executive Committee tonight about legal action that Palestinians plan to take against Israel in the International Criminal Court. Watch the full show tonight at 7 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time., Full text from White House explaining the Iran talks agreement announced today: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=48046, President Obama is set to make an address shortly on the #IranTalks. Watch LIVE here: http://www.cctvamericalive.com/, Seven nations will now start writing the text of a final accord in #irantalks. Sides agree to restrictions on Iran's enrichment of material, Iran won’t produce won't produce weapons-grade plutonium. Economic sanctions related to nuke programs will be rolled back. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=48046, "We have reached solutions," UN rep Frederica Mogherini said today, adding that sanctions against Iran could possibly be lifted at the end of the nuke talks. WATCH LIVE: www.cctvamericalive.com, WATCH NOW: News conference on Iran nuclear talks starting soon.   www.cctvamericalive.com  Livestream, Word is coming out that the U.S. and Iran have agreed on a preliminary nuke deal, but it's unclear how much can be disclosed. Stay with us for updates: http://www.cctv-america.com/

Photo: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, looks through a window of the hotel during a break in nuclear Iran talks, in Lausanne, Switzerland. (AP Photo/Keystone, Jean-Christophe Bott), Many others were wounded in the dawn attack claimed by Somali-based militant group al Shabaab which said it was holding Christian hostages inside the campus., In the U.S., compensation for the victims could be $1 million. In Europe, the range may be 100,000 euros., http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=47905, Terrified students streamed out of buildings, some young men shirtless, as arriving police officers hunkered down, taking cover. The gunmen had opened fire at guards upon arriving, triggering a “fierce shootout” with police guarding student dorms., null, null, null, null, null, null, It is a tradition for Chinese new moms to rest at home for a month after giving birth. This is a time for new moms to eat well and  recover. But the traditional Chinese practice of confinement is taking on some modern twists. Some new mothers are opting for home delivered meals postpartum and the demand is on the rise. 
 
More on Global Business: 8PM Eastern., #Solar Impulse 2 lands in China to prepare for its first ocean flight to Hawaii., null, Tsarnaev’s lawyer said he was a troubled 19-year-old who had fallen under the influence of his radicalized 26-year-old brother, Tamerlan., This is what you should make for dinner tonight. (From our ongoing In the Kitchen series): 

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=47411, The combined economic weight of all the countries that have expressed interest in joining the new #AIIB is $42.9 trillion -- see how that breaks down:  
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=47516, Buhari ruled Nigeria from January 1984 until August 1985, taking charge after a military coup in December 1983. 

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com, null, null, Study reveals new facts about giant pandas - for example they are less solitary that previously thought and they remember old feeding grounds. Also learn more about red pandas, panda data (pandata?) and vote in our panda awards! http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=47621, Full Frame’s Mike Walter shares his thoughts on the upcoming season 2., Read the claims of the most popular herbal supplements  and what the National Institutes of Health says about them: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/herbal-supplement-claims-facts, A pair of giant #pandas, female Shurong and male Yalin, were selected on Tuesday as gifts from the Chinese central government to be sent to #Macao SAR. The pandas will travel to Macao this May.  
Watch Insight tonight at 9pm est on www.cctvamericalive.com for our report on giant pandas and red pandas.  
http://www.cctv-america.com/category/pandas, Are you a Trivia Crack player? Did you know it was It was designed in the suburbs of Buenos Aires by Etermax?  Watch Joel Richards' report. 

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com, null, null, null, All US dollar bills feature only men. A group of activists hopes to change that. Women On 20s is a campaign where people can vote for the woman they’d like to see on the US $20 bill.

more here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=47241

Which woman would you like to see? Here’s a look at how each of Women On 20s candidates might look on the US $20 bill. Comment and let us know which lady you'd choose!, China is evacuating 449 of its citizens from conflict-hit Yemen with the help of Chinese navy warships, according to the Chinese Foreign Ministry. 
Read more detaills: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=47289
(Pictures: Xinhua), US Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew told Chinese Premier Li Keqiang that the US wants to cooperate with the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank as it welcomes and supports proposals that are helpful to infrastructure construction., Two men, dressed as women, rammed the main gate of National Security Agency (NSA) headquarters in Fort Meade, Maryland, USA. Refusing to back off, One man was shot dead and another severely injured by NSA police. One police officer was also wounded in the cross-fire. FBI believes the incident was not related to terrorism and the situation has been contained. NSA sources said the two men were partying at a Washington hotel the night before with a third individual from whom they took the car without permission., View the photos from China Fashion Week in Beijing: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-china-fashion-week, The death toll since the airstrikes began Thursday has reached 86, with some 600 people wounded, according to Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi, head of a local medical center in Aden., The deal, one of the first in China made by a major music publisher rather than a label, will bring more than 2.5 million copyrights to Alibaba., null, null, null, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=46882, null, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=46878, Haydees Restaurant La SalvadoReina
#RipAniceto #Cumbia #AnicetoMolina, null, null, null, null, null, null, What is the "Belt and Road" Initiative? This video explains., Over the past decades, hundreds of whales and other sea creatures have been mysteriously washing up in beaches around the world, raising concerns from the environmental community: just how much damage have military sonars done to life under the sea?
#AmericasNow correspondent Mike Kirsch traveled to North America’s Pacific Coast to find out more about the sonar threat from the people that have been directly involved in the long struggle to protect these majestic animals. Watch his full report tonite at 7PM(ET)
#whales #sealife #sonar #stranding #USnavy #environment #wildlife #oceans, null, #BREAKING: Witnesses say Boko Haram killed 39 people, including a legislator, to disrupt Nigerian elections in northeast., null, null, null, null, null, #Video #SierraLeone #Africa #Ebola, Europe’s aviation safety agency is now recommending that airlines always have two people in the cockpit of a flying aircraft., Our Friday gift to you: a #panda sneeze attack. 

https://youtu.be/z5gLaufubvE, “I’m not afraid to wait,” 44-year-old Idy Leong said. “Even waiting for 8 hours, I’ll still want to wait. Ten hours, I’ll also want to wait.”, Yemen is “the hot issue of the day” and has come up at the talks but “it doesn’t mean that we negotiated about it,” Iran’s foreign minister Mohammad Javad Zarif told reporters., The annual religious bathing ritual in Bangladesh’s Narayanganj district draws thousands of Hindu devotees from Bangladesh and also neighboring India and Nepal., The evidence came from the search of Andreas Lubitz’s homes in two German cities for an explanation of why he crashed the Airbus A320 into the French Alps, killing all 150 people on board.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com, null, null, null, null, Food activists say: Don’t throw it away, give it away., null, #Life #Photography, It’s never been easier for Chinese tourists to visit the U.S., thanks to looser visa rules. While shops, hotels and other businesses are expecting a windfall, museums are also positioning themselves to get a piece of that profit pie.
More on Global Business: 8PM Eastern and 8AM in Beijing., null, See how the Cuba Emprende Foundation is helping Cubans establish businesses in Havana. Michael Voss talks to a restaurant owner about how the lessons she learned are helping her succeed., A large residential apartment building collapsed and was engulfed in flames on Thursday in New York City’s East Village neighborhood, critically injuring at least one person, authorities said., A Chinese doctor saved the life of a woman at a sea park in San Diego recently, winning praise from netizens across China.

The doctor, surnamed Tang, did chest-compressions on an American woman continuously for over 10 minutes, after she had a sudden heart attack. The first aid helped the lady through the precarious moments and bought time for the emergency medical team to get there and treat her.

Since he had been occupied in helping the lady, he had missed the whale show. The park authorities, therefore, arranged a special show, just for him. 
Photo Credit: Weibo, What is BOAO Forum? This infographic explains., At a news conference in Paris, Marseille prosecutor Brice Robin laid out the horrifying conclusions reached by French aviation investigators after listening to the last minutes of the Tuesday morning flight from Barcelona to Duesseldorf., Do you know your food products? Find out by taking our quiz and guess which products belong to Heinz and which to Kraft. #Business, #UK #Europe, #Chile, #Nigeria, null, #HongKong, Developing Story #Yemen #SaudiArabia stay with CCTV Live http://cctvamericalive.com/, Coffee shops have always been a place for people to hang out and chat. But Starbucks tried to join the discussion by introducing  a campaign to tackle race relations And critics cried foul. 
Now the company is on defensive and has halted the initiative. 
We’ll have the details on Global Business: 8PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing., 50 years ago today, 25,000 people marched to the steps of Alabama's state capitol building for civil rights. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. delivered a speech, asking "How long will it take? I come to say to you this afternoon however difficult the moment, however frustrating the hour, it will not be long." 

See some of the iconic images by photographer Stephen Somerstein in this video., null, An 18-wheeled-tractor-trailer stuck in the mud in Louisiana got a little help from some four-legged-friends on Tuesday -- very large ones. The truck was carrying elephants when it landed in a ditch, and the resourceful driver used the truck's precious cargo to move it out of the mud., US removes dozens of Cuban companies from blacklist http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=46337, Fries not included. China completes first biofuel-powered test flight run on used cooking oil. The Hainan Airlines carried more than 100 passengers from Shanghai to Beijing using oil collected from restaurants in China.
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=46365, An estimated 1 billion people around the world still don’t have access to clean drinking water. And yet millions of gallons of water are being lost across U.S. households because of leaky faucets, broken pipes and an aging infrastructure. Tune in to Insight tonight as Asieh Namdar reports on what’s being done to address problems — and the frustrations., Ghani received a warm reception from both Republicans and Democrats on Capitol Hill. The reason? He’s not Karzai., null, http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/03/25/black-box-in-germanwings-crash-opened-victims-include-72-germans-2-americans, null, null, null, null, null, The Yellow cab has always been an icon for New York city. But it’s coming under threat, especially from the sharing economy. Now ride-sharing apps like Uber could push the ubiquitous vehicle into oblivion. We’ll have the details on Global Business America: 8PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing., California is working to tackle historic water shortages as U.S. faces a greater percentage of drought., “The plane is disintegrated,” Gilbert Sauvan, of the local council, told Les Echos newspaper. “The largest debris is the size of a car.", Authorities expect "an extremely long and extremely difficult" search-and-rescue operation because of the area's remoteness., null, null, null, null, null, null, #Singapore #RIPLKY, null, "I did some sharp and hard things to get things right. Maybe some people disapproved of it … but a lot was at stake and I wanted the place to succeed, that's all." - Lee Kuan Yew, the founder of modern Singapore, in 2011. "At the end of the day, what have I got? A successful Singapore. What have I given up? My life." Lee died March 23 at age 91. 

Photo: a water lily pond at the Marina Bay Sands reflects the financial skyline of Singapore. AP Photo/Wong Maye-E. 

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=45936, CCTV America asked Fred Bergsten, the senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, one more question about whether the United States should join the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), an alternative to the Asian Development Bank. Here is what he said., People around the world take to social media to mourn the loss of Lee Kuan Yew., A highway crash involving three buses and a freezer truck in northwestern Peru killed at least 37 people, officials from the Ministry of Health said Monday.
6 others were in critical condition after the crash on a highway near the city of Casma, in the Ancash region, about 230 miles (370 kilometers) north of Lima, the capital.
Video credit: YouTube/Noticas&Mas (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abCVuzfloDs&app=desktop), Want to see more of the 1,000 year-old, mummified 'living Buddha'? Check out our slideshow and read the descriptions to learn more about the mummified monk., “We won’t see another man like him. To many Singaporeans, and indeed others too, Lee Kuan Yew was Singapore,” Lee’s son, current Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, said., The 'living Buiddha' relic was on a “Mummy World” exhibition at the Hungarian Natural History Museum that opened in October last year and was originally scheduled to be on display until May 17. I was pulled from the exhibition on Friday as the museum said “the Dutch owner withdrew the statue without giving any reason.”, "He (Lee Kuan Yew) was a true giant of history who will be remembered for generations," U.S. president Obama said in a statement. Throughout Lee Kuan Yew’s long political career, he had close ties with many U.S. presidents. Check this video for more., CCTV’s Yang Rui interviewed Lee Kuan Yew in 2011. Their conversation was wide-ranging covering everything from Lee’s legacy in Singapore, relations with China, the West, even investment in Africa., Lee Kuan Yew’s time in office contributed to China-Singapore relations, and his legacy continued to wield influence over the city state even after stepping down from office., Lee Kuan Yew who was born in 1923, formed the People’s Action Party in 1954, then became Prime Minister in 1959. He led the nation through a merger with the Federation of Malaysia in 1963, as well as into Independence in 1965. Watch this video for more:, Lee Kuan Yew, the founding father and first prime minister of Singapore, died on Monday morning. Here are some snapshots from his life., Singapore's founding father Lee Kuan Yew has died. Here is a look back into his key moments., BREAKING NEW: Singapore's founding PM Lee Kuan Yew dies at 91, BREAKING NEWS: Singapore's founding father Lee Kuan Yew has died, the prime minister's office says. He was in hospital since Feb. 5th for severe pneumonia infection., Detention centers in Spain locking up Latin American immigrants without working papers. Correspondent Gerry Hadden reports on the painful detention process that many times results in deportations and broken families. Watch the full documentary tonite, on #AmericasNow (19.00EST)
#Espana #SinPapeles #Immigrantes #CIE, Tune into Full Frame now and learn how these athletes defied the odds through dedication and perseverance: http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, null, null, null, null, null, "We don't know what his motive was."  
- Col. John Fortunato of the Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Office, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, This week, the 2015 Hispanicize event kicked off in Miami, Florida uniting over 2,000 Latinos in marketing and social media industries from across the United States. What exactly is Hispanicize? CHECK OUT THIS WEB EXCLUSIVE to hear what Hispanicize founder Manny Ruiz had to say about "the biggest gathering of U.S. Latinos"  held in the country., null, For 30 years, the South by Southwest festival in Texas has been celebrating innovations in art, film and music. Thanks to the booming tech industry, the festival has taken on a whole different cache of cool. Tech savvies from around the world are flocking to the festival to showcase cutting-edge technologies and digital creativity. Find out more on Global Business America: 8PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing., null, From the BeastieBoys to Pavarotti, here are songs that make CCTV America happy in honor of U.N. World Happiness Day: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=45338   #happysoundslike Photo by: @Doug88888, Happy Nowruz to all of our Persian viewers! And for the rest of you, learn more about Persian New Year here --> http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=44658, Are snacking employees happy employees? Does your workplace do things to help morale? What? Are these perks paying off?  Global Business anchor Phillip Yin asked One More Question of Alex Edmans, Professor of Finance at London Business School

Watch Global Business live at 8pm EST for more. http://www.cctvamericalive.com, In case you missed it (and if you were in South or North America you did) view this photo gallery of today's total and partial solar eclipse in Europe: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-2015-total-solar-eclipse, The Heat asks Forest Whitaker why he brings attention to the crisis in Southsudan  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=44833 Watch full show at 7 p.m. eastern 7 a.m. Beijing time., Shiite rebel-owned TV channel now reports 137 dead and 345 wounded in the attacks., Teen suspected of posting fake statement of Lee Kuam Yew's death. 

Preliminary investigations show that the suspect, a student under the age of 16, had modified a 2010 Prime Minister's Office (PMO) media statement on its website and subsequently sent out a screenshot of the false content, claiming that Lee Kuan Yew died on Wednesday night, according to a Channel NewsAsia report., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Thanks to some sports superstars, sneakers have taken on a whole different cache of cool. These athletic shoes are now luxury items that are in high demand, and one New York entrepreneur has opened the world’s first sneaker pawnshop to tap into that market.

Find out how he’s setting the multibillion-dollar sportswear market a buzz tonight at 8PM EDT and 8AM BJT on Global Business America., Economist John Perkins, author of "Confessions of an Economic Hit Man" joins the Heat discussion tonight about world nations joining the China-led Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. Watch the full show tonight at 7 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time., The Pentagon hosted an exhibit highlighting US-China military alliance during WWII. 
Launching the ceremony, Chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff Martin Dempsey said these photos are reminders of the shared history between the two militaries.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=45090, Taiwan says it wants to join Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=45036, The city of Goteborg, Sweden is still reeling after two people were killed and 15 injured in a restaurant shooting Wednesday night that authorities say was likely gang related.
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=45028, Authorities say 9 arrested in connection to Tunisia museum attack where 23 people were killed.

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=45022, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Diet soda causes belly fat!
In a new study published in the Journal of the American Geriatrics Society, older adults who drink diet soda daily gained almost three times as much belly fat over a decade as those who didn't drink diet soda.

Even among those who only drank diet soda occasionally, the increase was more than double that of those who did not drink diet soda. "The more people drank diet sodas, the more their waistlines expanded," said study author Sharon Fowler, a researcher at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio. 

A large waist size is thought to contribute to a higher risk of heart problems, type 2 diabetes and cancer. (Photo: CFP), Coal is one of the world’s most used sources of energy and unfortunately, also the dirtiest.
But a cutting-edge technology is changing that.
Find out how Canada is trying to transform coal into a cleaner, more sustainable energy source.
More on Global Business America: 8PM Eastern and 8AM in Beijing., Caption this video of a bear and a fox!

Via the U.S. Department of Interior: http://bit.ly/1MOIxjB, Fishes on the street!, It was the worst attack on a tourist site in Tunisia in years, and comes as the country is trying to establish democracy and keep Islamic extremists at bay.

Watch us live anywhere at http://www.cctvamericalive.com, null, null, null, null, null, null, Asian art is coming of age as more collectors and artists gravitate toward it. Auction houses say there’s a boom in demand for the works—most of it coming from China. Find out why on Global Business America: 8PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing., null, This is what unopeness looks like. The White House will no longer subject its Office of Administration to the Freedom of Information Act: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=44622 Judicial Watch, Inc. @NSArchive Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW), In a statement released on Twitter, Netanyahu says that “against all odds” his Likud party and the nationalist camp secured a “great victory.”, It's true, you can make anything out of Spam!, Celebrating St. Patrick's Day around the globe in pictures. How are you celebrating?  
http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-st-patricks-day-celebrated-around-the-world, Singapore’s first prime minister, Lee Kuan Yew ruled for 31 years until 1990, and has been credited with transforming the city-state from a sleepy tropical port to a wealthy, bustling financial hub with one of the highest average incomes in the world., null, null, null, null, null, null, Putin returns to the spotlight for a large Russian army display., null, The livestock Show and Rodeo in Houston is a celebration of American western tradition. But it is also the world’s largest livestock exhibition and auction event. Rangers from all over the world are bidding for the best breeds. More on Global Business America: 8PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing., Correspondent Toby Muse tried his luck as a Tejo debutant to report on this story for Americas Now.
#Sports #Beer #Colombia #Tejo #Tradition #Culture, The biotech company Vitargent has successfully used fish embryos to test for toxins in consumer products. The Hong Kong-based startup’s new technology can test for contaminants in a wide range of commodities, from food products to cosmetics., Full Frame’s Mike Walter shares his thoughts on his sit down with American long distance swimmer, Diana Nyad. Tune in this week, Saturday March 21st at 7pm EDT. For more info: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/03/16/full-frame-defying-the-odds, Russian president Vladimir Putin reemerges after 10 day absence, laughs off rumors of his whereabouts: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=44306, British-born Iranian author Cyrus Massoudi talks about what he discovered on his three-year journey to Iran., Despite a bitter relationship that goes back to 1961, when the two countries severed ties, and which brought the world to the brink of a nuclear war during the Missile Crisis of 1962, Cuba and the United States have actually only exchanged shots directly on one single occasion.

It was in 1983, amid political unrest in the tiny Caribbean nation of Grenada. Following a Marxist military coup, then U.S. president Ronald Reagan ordered the invasion of the island where the Cuban regime had already deployed envoys and military advisors.

Fighting lasted only four days. Shortly thereafter, American troops withdrew and a new Prime Minister was in place. From a U.S. perspective, the invasion was considered a success.

As the governments of both nations work to normalize relations after five decades of estrangement, #AmericasNow correspondent Stephen Gibbs traveled to Grenada to examine what lessons can be learned for the present day from this significant Cold War conflict.
#ColdWar #Grenada #US #Cuba #USCubaRelations #Americas #Conflict
http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/03/15/grenada-lessons-from-a-cold-war-conflict, Xu Caihou, former China's top military official, died of bladder cancer on Sunday
Xinhua said Xu suffered multiple organ failure and died in the hospital. Xu admitted taking bribes, but his death halts the criminal proceedings against him. China’s Global Times reported military prosecutors would drop the charges against him in accordance with Chinese law, but would continue to process his illegal assets., In Kangbashi, urbanization came to a standstill with the unexpected slump in coal prices. Apartments were built, but people never came., "Where are these mindsets coming from? Home? School? Books? Films? Society? Why need to identify, and then address it as a whole. That’s the world I meant when I said ‘social revolution’.”, Murals are disappearing in Lima, Peru to the indignation of art lovers. The city’s mayor has said he’s responsible and he’s going to finish the job., CCTV America's Shraysi Tandon  sat down with Indian politician and social activist Kiran Bedi to discuss violence against women. She asked her One More Question in regard to India: Should the legal system in India be examined to evaluate what types of values it’s passing on to the leaders of tomorrow? This was her response.

Be sure to check out the full interview at 5 p.m. EST here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=243 #IndiasDaughter #KiranBedi, The European Union has common security, defense and foreign policies, but the bloc doesn’t have a single military force to back them. European Commission President Jean Claude Junker has said its time the E.U. forms an army., null, For more insight on women in the media, CCTV America's Shraysi Tandon  spoke with one the most powerful and influential women in the industry, Arianna Huffington .Watch her interview at this link., null, Happy birthday to the Guinness World Record oldest living cat! To celebrate, we think you should take our quiz of other record-holding kitties. Right meow., null, null, Guess which famous people were late bloomers or young geniuses https://www.playbuzz.com/cctvamerica10/guess-which-famous-people-were-late-bloomers-or-young-geniuses?ff=2 via PlayBuzz, Yes, there is a correct and incorrect way to exchange business cards in Asia. Learn how here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=43922, Using traditional materials and innovative techniques, and relying on volunteer work from members of the community, architect Fernando Rodriguez has been able to provide the people of Colima, Mexico, with affordable and sustainable housing solutions.

“As an architect, as a professional, as a human being I’ve always tried to leave something for others,” says Rodriguez. He is this week's #GameChanger on #AmericasNow. For more, tune in this Sunday @ 7PM (ET)., A new golden age for American manufacturing may still be a distant possibility. But more global companies are shifting production to the U.S. Find out why on Global Business America: 8PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing., The Taliban is still very much active around Afghanistan – and Kabul is no exception. Sean Callebs gets an inside view of what life is like for the nation’s guardians., Some of us peak at an early age, while others take a longer route to our full potential. Take this quiz to guess which famous people were late bloomers or young geniuses. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=43874  (Photo: RC Designer), 3 shells from #Myanmar gov't troops fell into border area in China’s SW Yunnan Province on Fri afternoon, leaving 4 #Chinese civilians dead and 9 others injured., The Guinness World Record for oldest living cat is Tiffany Two, who turns 27 today. To celebrate, we think you should take our quiz of other record-holding kitties. Right meow., This development came as both groups — among the most ruthless in the world — are under increasing military pressure and have sustained setbacks on the battlefield., On Friday, The Heat talks to Leslee Udwin, the director of Indias Daughter , a documentary which focuses on the 2012 rape case in New Delhi, India.

Social media has played a major part in promoting the documentary, which is banned in India.  Have the reactions benefited or worked against this documentary?  Has it helped further the dialogue on rape? Comment below to be a part of the conversation., null, For Women's History Month, CCTV America took a look at what it means to be "un jefe" ('a boss') in Latin America, and looked at the profiles of five of the region's female "jefes de gobierno" ('heads of government') that are working to close the political gender gap in Latin America., It was the first and only time the United States and Cuba ever exchanged gunfire. CCTV America's Stephen Gibbs reported on the 1983 U.S. Invasion of Grenada. Watch Sunday at 7 p.m. EST., On Friday, The Heat talks to Leslee Udwin, the director of Indias Daughter , a documentary which focuses on the 2012 rape case in New Delhi, India.

Social media has played a major part in promoting the documentary, which is banned in India.  Have the reactions benefited or worked against this documentary?  Has it helped further the dialogue on rape? Comment below to be a part of the conversation., Full Frame’s Mike Walter shares his thoughts on his interview with NBA All-Star-turned-animal activist, Yao Ming. Tune in this week, Saturday March 14 at 7pm EDT. For more info: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/03/09/full-frame-in-the-big-apple-an-episode-of-epic-proportions, Up to 40 people are still feared trapped, according to a local official., Neftaly Malatjie of the Diepsloot settlement outside of Johannesburg runs a social enterprise helping South Africans help themselves out of poverty. Find out more and share his story: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=43473, Venezuela once had a prosperous upwardly mobile economy.
But the last few years have been brutal—as the country moves closer to economic chaos.
That’s why more Venezuelans are looking to flee the country—for better opportunities abroad.
And they’re moving to one of the country’s fiercest opponents.

More on Global Business America: 8 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM in Beijing., Boxers Manny Pacquiao and Floyd Mayweather face off for last time before likely the richest fight ever on May 2, 2015:  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=43419, AP did some fact checking on Hillary Clinton's statements about her email., The official, who has close ties to intelligence services but was not authorized to speak publicly about the inquiry, also said another French fighter whose death in a suicide bombing was announced this week by Islamic State is a young teenager., AP SUES STATE DEPARTMENT, SEEKING ACCESS TO CLINTON RECORDS, Can women have it all? Arianna Huffington, founder and editor-in-chief of The Huffington Post answers this one more question from her interview with CCTV America's Shraysi Tandon. Watch the full interview on Global Business tonight at 8 p.m. eastern, 8 a.m. Beijing time: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=43371, No possible suspects have been named yet, but the case is reminiscent of heists by the Pink Panther gang of jewel thieves. The Pink Panther network has been credited with a series of thefts that Interpol says have netted more than $349 million since 1999., Chinese basketball icon #YaoMing is using his role as a CPPCC member to promote sports during the top advisory body’s annual political meetings., It has never been easy for new authors to find a publisher, but thanks to crowdsourcing and the internet, publishing your own book has never been easier.  Find out how technology is changing the book businessMore on Global Business America: 7PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing., Elena y Los Fulanos fuse American & Nicaraguan culture

Artist Elena Lacayo grew up in in the United States and Nicaragua, so her band reflects her bi-cultural experience. The band was started in 2011 in D.C. and their songs are in English and Spanish, blending influences from both countries. This year they released their first album with the help of an online fundraising campaign using the platform Indiegogo. Their album, called Miel Venenosa, was nominated in the Washington Area Music Association for the Best Latin Album of 2014.

#UrbanVoices got together with her, and attended a recent performance of the band at Haydees Restaurant, in the neighborhood of Mount Pleasant. 
#AmericasNow #Haydees #Music #LatinMusic #Fusion #UrbanVoices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALWoISK4CT0, U.S. Senate Democratic Minority Leader Harry Reid called the letter a “hard slap in the face” designed to undermine the nation’s commander in chief “out of spite”., Twitter gains China foothold in opening Hong Kong office: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=43160  Twitter Twitter, If you have some extra money, Shandong Province is putting some islands up for sale., Sad news from Argentina. Two helicopters crashed about 730 miles from Buenos Aires. Olympic champion swimmer Camille Muffat, Olympic boxer and bronze-medalist Alexis Vastine, and pioneering sailor Florence Arthaud died in Monday’s crash., As we get into our second week of March, here are some photos that made us say: hmmmm?, Kyrgyzstan is set to join the Eurasian Economic Union led by Russia to boost international trade, but the membership may impact Kyrgyzstan’s relations with its largest economic partner and investor: China. More on how the economic union will affect the regional trade and economy. 
That's Global Business America: 7PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing. Watch now: http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream.html, Come learn our original recipe for yummy, crunchy and healthy Chinese chicken lettuce wraps in just five minutes!, Women are still “very much a minority” when it comes to holding political office, representing fewer than 30 percent of the world’s lawmakers., The Heat interviewed Daniel Cohen, research associate at the Institute for National Security Studies about the Islamic State's use of social media. CCTV America’s Anand Naidoo asked Cohen one more question about whether ISIL is getting more credit for sophisticated production techniques and social media than it really deserved. Watch the whole show at 7 p.m. eastern, 8 a.m. Beijing time., null, China's legislature is currently working on policy to alleviate its pollution problems. Here are nine charts that highlight China's pollution, using government data: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=41402, “She is doing remarkably well considering the circumstance. The doctors have been hopeful so far,” the deceased mother’s sister, Jill Sanderson said. "We would like to express our appreciation to the Spanish Fork rescue team for saving the baby’s life.”, Panda!  wandering!  along!  the!  crosswalks!, The town of Marmato, in Central Colombia, sits on top a mountain of gold. Its people have been living off of it for centuries, mining the precious metal through mostly small scale, artisanal operations. But as the country is increasingly relying on its mineral resources to fuel the economy, multinational mining companies have set their sights on places like Marmato to install open air mines that would literally swallow the landscape.

According to some estimates, it would take about 20 years to extract all the gold from the mountain, wiping out the town and its 10,000 inhabitants in the process. The imminence of this news weighs heavily on the people of Marmato, who are organizing to fight back and prevent this from happening.

Correspondent Toby Muse traveled to the Colombian Andes Mountains to report on this story for #AmericasNow.
#Mining #Gold #GoldRush #GoldFever #Colombia #Marmato #Minerals 

The battle over mining for gold in Marmato http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=42329, With a population of almost 200 million, only one third of Brazilian children finish the sixth grade, according to UN estimates. Children are held back and tend to repeat the same grade twice, dropping out of the school system altogether. On the other hand, many young adults lack the minimum skills to keep afloat the dynamic job market.
Elaine Reyes interviewed education policy expert Andrea Lisboa de Sousa to discuss these issues and the need for a structural education reform in Brazil., 10 years ago, Pablo Salazar had an accident diving into shallow water that left him paralyzed from the waist down. As a quadriplegic, he quickly realized how ill equipped his hometown of Bogota was to facilitate every day life to people with disabilities. In 2007, Pablo created Grupo Arcángeles, an organization that provides basic care for disabled people in poor communities in need of professional treatment.

Juan Pablo Salazar is this week's #GameChanger on #AmericasNow, The finest and warmest wool in the world., Correspondent Toby Muse went to Marmato to report on the impact of Colombia’s gold fever. Watch this week on Americas Now Sunday at 7pm DST on www.cctvamericalive.com., LIKE and SHARE our photo gallery from Saturday's remembrance of the Selma march 50 years ago.  
Thousands of people, including U.S. President Barack Obama gathered in Selma, Alabama for the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday. On March 7th, 1965, Reverend Hosea Williams and now U.S. Congressman John Lewis led a group of 600 marchers toward Montgomery. The group was turned back by Alabama State Troopers who beat them and used tear gas on the crowd., Did you remember to spring your clocks forward 1 hour in the U.S.?  Reminder with DST, CCTV America's newscast times also change. Here is our updated broadcast schedule. You can always watch us online or mobile at www.cctvamericalive.com., Check out CCTV America's Mike Walter's thoughts on his interview with Gene Simmons and tune NOW to learn more about the Simmons' family's rockin' philanthropy work!

CLICK HERE to watch live: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=243, #BREAKING: Nigeria’s home-grown Boko Haram Islamic extremists have pledged formal allegiance to the Islamic State group in a message allegedly by the Nigerian insurgent leader posted on Twitter., "They did as Scripture instructed: 'Rejoice in hope, be patient in tribulation, be constant in prayer.' ", #BREAKING: Fighters from the Islamic State group have attacked an oil field in Libya and nine foreign workers are unaccounted for, officials said Saturday., Photographer Stephen Somerstein was only a college student newspaper editor at the time he heard there was to be a march from Selma to Montgomery by African Americans protesting for voting rights. He grabbed his camera and jumped on the bus heading south to Alabama from New York., null, null, China's fiscal policy ramps up, One More Question for John Huntsman, US trade deficit in January falls 8.3 percent, #Brazil #Petrobras, The legion of aging baby boomers and millions of new Obamacare subscribers are about to swell the need for quality health care. But one problem lies ahead: There aren't enough nurses. Find out how significant is the nursing shortage and what is expected for the future? Find out more on Global Business America right now. http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream.html, A lot happened in the last 7 days. Here is this week in photos., The Heat interviewed former U.S. Ambassador to China Jon Huntsman as part of its panel on the current Chinese legislative session now underway. CCTV America's Anand Naidoo asked him one more question about how China has changed since he was ambassador from 2009-2011. Watch the whole show at 6 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time., “The overall situation of the habitat for pandas is good.”, Many politicians are heading to Selma for the 50th anniversary of the march. But what is Congress doing to make sure all Americans are assured voting rights? Watch what Dr. Avis Jones-DeWeever , president of the D.C.-based consulting firm, ‘Incite Unlimited’ and former executive director of the National Council of Negro Women has to say about it., China's war on air pollution shows more promise than ever., See what's going on at the Game Developers Conference in San Fran. Game Developers Conference - GDC Serenity Forge PlayStation Xbox, Ringling Bros. Circus will eliminate elephant acts by 2018, null, Iran special forces free Iranian diplomat who was abducted month a year ago in Yemen, Chinese lawmakers are working to break up monopolies and interest groups and fight corruption., Learn what to say to a loved one who is feeling depressed or suicidal in our quiz, and find suicide helplines around the world here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=41968, 50 years later, the photos of the civil rights march from Selma to Montgomery are just as powerful. These particular ones are by Stephen Somerstein, who was just a college newspaper editor at the time., A third of the world’s trade passes through the South China Sea.  
But that flow of goods is increasingly under threat—especially from pirates and terrorism.
Find out how governments in the region are coming together to protect their economic turf.
More on Global Business America: 7PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing., null, US factory orders slip 0.2 percent in January but key investment category shows gain., He survived!, Have you had your glutinous rice balls for Lantern Festival yet?, http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/03/05/plane-skids-off-runway-at-laguardia-no-injuries-reported, Duang! Jackie Chan meme takes off on Chinese Internet., U.S. Ambassador to South Korea Mark Lippert says he's doing well after he was attacked by a knife Thursday. The attack was the latest act of political violence in a deeply divided country where some protesters portray their causes as matters of life and death. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=41861
U.S. Embassy Seoul Americans in Korea, Video: Over 3,000 reporters are covering China’s #TwoSessions this year. See what news they’re interested in., CCTV's Jessica Stone takes a look at the Affordable Care Act in the U.S., also known as Obamacare and how big changes could be coming as the U.S. Supreme Court hears arguments against how it's operating currently., With environment as a top concern at this year's NPC/ CPPCC sessions, it's a great time for the U.S. and China to cooperate for better ways to improve on sources of clean energy., A man in downtown #Seoul attacked the U.S. envoy to #SouthKorea., A U.S. Department of Justice report highlights eye opening racial bias in the now infamous #Ferguson police department's law enforcement practices., China is setting an official economic growth target of about seven percent for the coming year., Spot the famous among the delegates at the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference session. One of them's hard not to miss... http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=41439, Xi Jinping outlines peaceful development of cross-Strait ties at NPC, Full Frame’s Mike Walter shares his thoughts on his sit down with Gene Simmons. Tune in this week, Saturday March 7th at 6 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time

For more info: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=29284, Microsoft co-founder says he found sunken Japan WWII warship, China’s defense budget likely to increase 10 percent, lowest in 5 years, In Ferguson, scathing US report brings pressure for change, China defends military items on Chinese cargo ship detained by Colombia, Want to know what an Iranian thinks of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's controversial address to Congress yesterday? Watch the Heat tonight with guest Seyed Mohammad Marandi, dean of faculty of world studies at the University of Tehran in Iran. Watch the full show at 6 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time., This week’s #GameChanger in Americas Now has always relied on his hands to get him ahead. He used them to pick fruit in California as a migrant farm worker, and now he uses them as a neurosurgeon at Johns Hopkins Medicine. 

Born in Mexico, Johns Hopkins' Dr. Alfredo Quinones-Hinojosa crossed the border into the United States in search for a brighter future. Even though he was poor and living with other five family members in a one-room apartment, Quinones excelled in school. He was a tutor in math and science and helped other Spanish-speaking students learn English. In 1994, he was accepted to Harvard Medical School, where he graduated with honors in 1999. He became a professor and neurosurgeon at Johns Hopkins University Hospital in 2005.

Dr Q's journey has been remarkable but not his biggest challenge.
He’s now working on finding a cure for brain cancer and his ability to think beyond boundaries just might get him there.
#AmericasNow #Medicine #BrainCancer #Mexico, China's National People's Congress spokesperson Fu Ying said that combatting pollution is a top concern for the lawmakers. In December last year, China passed a new environmental protection law, which was considered as the toughest law of its kind., Tonight the Heat debates reaction to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's controversial address to Congress with guests including Seyed Mohammad Marandi, dean of faculty of world studies at the University of Tehran in Iran. Here's a clip from that interview. Watch the full show at 6 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time., What do you do after founding a computer company? Search for sunken ships, of course. 
The Musashi, commissioned in 1942, sank in October 1944 in the Sibuyan Sea during the Battle of Leyte Gulf, losing about half of its 2,400 crew members. The ship was repeatedly hit by torpedoes and bombs dropped by planes from Allied aircraft carriers., The CPPCC is regarded as one of the pillars of China’s political system, but it does not exercise any State power. Nor does it have the power to vote during the annual meetings. Many people are calling to give the CPPCC more teeth for its supervisory role and the general public is expecting the advisers’ proposals to get to the heart of what matters to people most., The Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu came to Washington to present his case against Iran before the Republican controlled U.S. Congress. U.S. President Barack Obama was not in attendance., The annual conferences of China’s top political body, the NPC and CPPCC have begun in Beijing. It marks the start of the most important two weeks on the country’s political calendar. What does it bring to China's economic future? CCTV America interviewed Dr. Cheng Li., Yao Ming's proposal from last year has been made a part of Premier Li Keqiang’s annual government work report...A spokesman from the CPPCC, said on Monday “When the premier was drafting the report in January, he consulted with Yao Ming and applauded his contribution.”, A new word "duang" is taking China's Internet by storm in China, appearing more than 8 million times on China's social network. But what does ‘duang’ mean and why is everyone on the Chinese Internet using it? Check here., For the first time ever, box office revenues were higher in China than the US. These five movies were behind that., The endangered Jaguar makes a comeback in Brazil
Goias is known as the heartland of Brazil's agriculture. With thousands of acres designated to sugar cane, soy and cattle, it might not be the typical environment for the endangered Jaguar. But, according to a research conducted by Leandro Silveira of the Instituto Onça-Pintada /Jaguar Conservation Fund, this magnificent predator continues to adapt to a changing ecosystem.

Americas Now Correspondent Stephen Gibbs traveled to Goias to report on this feline’s extraordinary resilience and how it is adapting to a changing environment.
#Environment #EndangeredSpieces #Jaguar #Conservation, Basketball legend Michael Jordan made Forbes list of Billionaires this year. Kerry Dolan, Assistant Managing Editor with Forbes explains here how Jordan got on the list. More on the list tonight on Global Biz at 7pm est.  www.cctvamericalive.com, "It was the most amazing thing I've ever seen," a 29-year-old Australian tourist said of the eruption., Film on Bruce Lee's life planned., Watch LIVE now: Bibi address Congress over Iran., Be sure to tune in -- We'll be streaming the PM's remarks LIVE in about half an hour., In the year ahead, #CPPCC chairman Yu Zhengsheng said the CPPCC would continue to focus on national reform and define 2015 as "a critical year” in this regard., "Dragon Blade," which brought in $95 million alone, stars Jackie Chan, John Cusack, and Adrien Brody., China's political sessions, NPC and CPPCC, kicks off today. Here are some of the buzzwords and hot topics that will be discussed from A to Z., When it comes to wearable technology, the wrist, waist and eyes are the current wave, but our ears could be the new frontier. Find out more about the hearable technology which many analysts predict can be the biggest hit of the year. More on Global Business America: 7PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing., Even the smash hit "50 Shades of Gray" didn't take the U.S. to the top spot in February., China's annual parliamentary “two sessions” period will kick off this week. How well do you know the #CPPCC ? What does the CPPCC do? How are proposals handled?  Who are the CPPCC members? Check this video out for more., China's annual political sessions, NPC & CPPCC, will kick off this Tuesday. But what exactly is NPC and CPPCC? Check this infographic for more., The rise of Podemos

A new political party in Spain is catching the world’s attention with its populist rhetoric and massive marches. One year after it was established, Podemos has risen to become a contender for this year’s general elections, polling ahead of the Socialist Party (PSOE), and only behind the ruling People's Party (Spain).

Podemos was birthed from the huge protest movement that rocked Spain in 2011. The country was reeling from corruption scandals and a collapsed economy.
Its top leaders all have close ties to Latin America and that’s reflected in the party platform. But the Latin American influences that have inspired Podemos and its followers, could also hurt the party in the end.

Americas Now correspondent Gerry Hadden reports from Spain.
#Spain #Indignados #14M #Espana, MasPaz: his name means more peace and his aerosols deliver the message
This week in #UrbanVoices we tag along with an artist who has blended his work with a cause. His name is Federico but he goes by the name Mas Paz --more peace in Spanish.
#StreetArt #Graffiti #AmericasNow, Rio de Janiero celebrates 450 years with a 450 meter cake! Everybody loves cake., Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro holds Americans for espionage. How do you think this will affect U.S.-Venezuela relations?, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu comes to Washington to discuss Iran nuclear talks with Congress. All eyes will be on him Tuesday., Can you imagine wearing living plants? These designers did. Welcome to the Biofashion Habitat show in Colombia., After a federal judge blocked U.S. President Obama's plans for immigration, Undocumented immigrants live in fear of deportation., Interracial couples are becoming more common in Guangzhou because a high rate of African immigrants. Kingsley and Wang Shuang share their story., In China the sky is more gray than blue due to smog. Some scientists are working to change that., Egyptian court declares Hamas a 'terrorist organization,' Some Palestinians are outraged., The rise of Podemos
With just a year of existence, Podemos is already polling second in Spain, only behind the ruling People's Party (Spain), ahead of this year's general election. Tonight at 18.00(EST), watch a feature documentary on the rise of Podemos by correspondent Gerry Hadden, including an interview with Juan Carlos Monedero, one of its top leaders.
#AmericasNow #Spain #Podemos #14M #Indignados, Investigation launched into possible motives for slaying Boris Nemtsov, According to the survey, though their numbers are on the rise, one-third of wild giant pandas, or about 600, are still not in nature reserves. They are broken up into small groups, by power stations, roads and high-voltage power lines, all of which seriously threaten their lives and reproduction., Chinese government investigation uncovers high polluting factories, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=40820, null, null, Do you think journalists can take celebrity too far? Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=40752, http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=40725, CCTV America gets exclusive interview with Evan Medeiros of National Security Council. Mederios discusses US-China relations, the upcoming NPC and CPPCC, and China-Japan historical healing : http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=40716, Silicon Valley has long led the way in high tech density.
But other countries, including South Korea, are making their mark on the world stage.
Find out more about Startups in Seoul, which aims to become the next global hub of innovation. 

More on Global Business America: 7PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing., Tonight on the Heat we have Simon Marks of Feature Story news and Richard Fowler discussing celebrity journalism and the Brian Williams case. Watch the show at 6 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=40715, "I loved Spock" -- U.S. President Barack Obama on the passing of Leonard Nimoy., Gold? Black? Silver? Blue? Our digital and creative teams were hashing it out over #TheDress. What color do you see?, A Hong Kong mother of two was given a six-year prison term Friday for abusing her Indonesian maid., Germany’s Parliament overwhelmingly approved the four-month extension of Greece’s financial bailout on Friday., The U.S. House of Representatives has cleared the way for passage of a short-term bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security and avert a partial agency shutdown., This might explain all our missing socks..., The U.S. and Cuba are holding a second round of negotiations on restoring diplomatic relations after a half-century interruption., The UN Security Council scheduled an emergency session to discuss the fragile ceasefire in Ukraine on Friday., Canadian authorities believe four young men and two women who disappeared from Quebec in January have traveled to the Middle East to fight with Islamic State., One of Mr. Spok's famous lines: "Live long and prosper.", Debate roar over the U.S. government's decision to regulate the structure of the Internet as a public utility., Imagine coming back from war only to face a battle at home. That's the situation wounded U.S. veteran Eric Narvaez found himself in when his mother was arrested, jailed and deported., China sets one year ban on all ivory trade, Case against Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner dismissed. A judge on Thursday dismissed a prosecutor’s allegations that the president tried to cover-up the alleged involvement of Iranian officials in the 1994 bombing of a Jewish center in Buenos Aires., U.S. Federal Election Commission votes in favor of treating Internet as a utility, enforcing net neutrality., BREAKING: U.S. Federal Election Commission votes to treat the Internet as a utility. More to come as story develops. 

Photo: Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, and his wife Janet Hill, right, joins members of the audience in applauding at an open hearing at the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) in Washington, Thursday, Feb. 26, 2015. The FCC opened the door for two community broadband providers to expand service, preempting state laws in Tennessee and North Carolina that prevented these and similar broadband providers in the two states from meeting local demand for broadband service. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais), First day for legal marijuana begins in U.S. capital city, the District of Colombia today, despite some objections from U.S. congress members., Ukrainian forces and Russia-backed separatists said Thursday that they will pull back heavy weapons from the front line in the east of Ukraine., This masked ISIL fighter with a British accent grew up in a prosperous family in London and has a degree in computer programming from the University of Westminster., With such a huge Chinese population in Singapore, one of Chinese New Year's most popular delicacies still draws a crowd., Charlie Hebdo's sales surge, for now, in part out of support after the awful attacks on their Paris office., After recent Charlie Hebdo and Copehagen attacks that targeted Jewish citizens, The Heat discussed antisemitism in Europe., Everyone wants to know when they can get ahold of a Cuban cigar in the USA. That's still a while away, John Sullivan, of JR Cigar in Washington D.C. says. In the mean time there are great alternatives. Watch our visit to a cigar shop to learn more:, CCTV America's Mike Walter interviewed David Savona, Executive Editor of Cigar Aficionado and asked him one more question about what was the best cigar he's ever smoked. (Hints: Mountain, Christ). Watch the full segment at 8:30 p.m. eastern, 9:30 am Beijing time. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=40300, Tonight, the Heat will rising anti-Semitism that's leading Jews to flee Europe in increasing numbers. Guests include Avi Mayer, a spokesperson of the Jewish Agency for Israel. Watch the whole show at 6 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time., 3 arrested in NY and Florida in plot to join Islamic State group http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=40278, Three Al-Jazeera journalists arrested for flying drones in Paris illegally: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=40228, Spy chief ejected from Chinese group of advisers, Paris authorities puzzled by mysterious drones flying over city Tuesday night: cctv-america.com/?p=40228, Marijuana, cannibis, weed, ganja, mary jane -- whatever you call it, it's now legal (in small amounts) in Jamaica and the U.S. state of Alaska. 
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=40222, President Barack Obama will hold a town hall meeting in Miami today on immigration. What questions would you ask him? What changes would you like to see? Reply here., Young Palestinian Artists form the “Memories” project where they collect pieces of the rubble left behind after conflict. They will publish their artistic achievement on March 1st in one of Gaza’s local art galleries., Drinking tea may become as American as apple pie. Explore how Chinese tea habits are changing American tastes on Global Business America at 7PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM Beijing., Tune into Full Frame this Saturday at 6 p.m. ET to see how a few international celebrities -- including Forest Whitaker and Zak Ebrahim -- are working for peace., Watch this neat how-to video for a traditional Chinese tea ceremony., The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the militants carried out dawn raids on rural villages inhabited by an ancient Christian minority., An online petition at Whitehouse.gov to withdraw a manslaughter indictment against New York police officer Peter Liang has gained 120,618 online signatures so far. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=40025, At least 774 people have died so far from the H1N1 outbreak in India., Cigar fans around the world unite., Working on a cool how to pour tea video for a story in Global Business tonight. Watch it in a little bit at cctv-america.com, Overseen at China's State Council website: cartoon of Premier Li Keqiang: http://english.gov.cn/state_council/2014/09/09/content_281474986284076.htm, Dozens hurt in Southern California Metrolink train crash into truck in Oxnard: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=39988, And the results in the Greece austerity debate... Greece's bailout is extended., Cod fishing ban is issued amid extinction concerns and fears,, What would you do if Duane Wade or James Harden showed up to celebrate #ChineseNewYear with you?, It has been called the biggest human migration in the world. Millions of people in China have now begun to head back to work from their Spring Festival holiday, but they're facing major snow delays. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=39791, The rent-a-boyfriend industry is growing in China as more unmarried women hire fake boyfriends to appease nagging parents. What do you think of this trend?, The fishing ban in the Gulf of Maine has gone a long way in reviving the Cod population.

But it’s also had unintended effects on fishermen and consumers.

Details on Global Business America at 7PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM Beijing., Tonight, the Heat will discuss the future of Yemen, which may be on the brink of civil war.  Guests include Osman Bakhach, Executive Director, Hizbut Tahrir, an international pan-Islamic political organization. Watch this clip from his interview. Watch the whole show at 6 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time.

“Small groups can cause some cowards, but bigger groups such as governments of U.S. and U.K. can cause endless destruction, all this at the end al-Qaida and ISIL, really they are small players when compared against the big players who are America and Britain — They are the ones that drive the policy, not only in Yemen, but across the Middle East and Saudia Arabia and the Gulf and Syria.”, When you think of what your final resting place will be like, statue-mummification doesn’t usually come to mind. That was the case, however, for one Buddhist master immortalized within a religious idol., Did you miss the glitz and glamor of the 87th Academy Awards? View our photo gallery of the highlights. Winners included Birdman for best picture, while best actors and supporting actors wins went to Eddie Redmayne, Julianne Moore, J.K. Simmons, Patricia Arquette. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=39667, The Oscars may be over, but you can still vote in our first-ever Panda Awards. Who will take home the trophy for Best Panda Close-Up? Cutest Mamma-bear, baby-bear snuggle? Or the perennial crowd favorite, Most Intense Bamboo Eating? Let us know!, The Oscars are over. Yawn. But you can still vote in our Best Panda awards! Who will take home the trophy for Best Panda Close-Up? Mamma-bear, baby-bear snuggle? Or the perennial crowd favorite, Most Intense Bamboo Eating?, As per Chinese tradition, the fifth day of the Lunar New Year marks the birth of Cai Shen. Folklore informs us that on the day, the god travels through the streets and offers money to people., Erin Jackson, Co-Host of AspireTV's "Exhale" talks about the impact of the lack of diversity in #Hollywood #Oscars, African-American civil rights groups say they plan to protest outside the Oscars show, where every single one of this year's 20 acting nominees is white., Snowy Beijing., Nicaraguan president promises end to poverty in canal project, You could call it “A Taste of Colombia.” The annual tradeshow called Expo Especiales which showcases the latest trends in the coffee business.
This year’s exhibit will take place in October 15-18 in Bogota, Colombia. In previous years, the trade show has attracted more than 19,000 visitors., Former gang members in El Salvador find new life in chicken farming, Does Bao Bao hold the #1 spot in your heart, or does Mengmeng take the top prize? Take our Panda Poll to find out! 

These Panda Awards are so cute, it’s almost unBEARable., What happens when Asian delicacies meet the skillful touch of the French culinary arts? The answer is Asian Fusion cuisine, and an increasing number of Chinese-American chefs-in-training are getting hooked. So why shouldn't you?, Delivery man Liu Jia and his colleagues start their days when most of people are still asleep. Working at a distribution point of a shopping website in Shanghai, they promise to deliver products within three hours of an order being placed., null, Check out the latest on the #Dubai fire at the Marina #TorchTower., Should the government have a say in how your child is educated at home?, Ahead of Oscars, female filmmakers fight for recognition in Hollywood, The Wong People performed lion dance at the White House to celebrate Chinese New Year! Read more story about these lion dancers on http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=38203, #BREAKING: Fire breaks out in #Dubai Marina Torch Tower, This year's Oscar nominations have been criticized for lacking diversity in color AND gender. The trend is forcing female movie directors to take matters into their own hands. Find out to what women in Hollywood had to say about diversity in film on Global Business America at 7PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM Beijing., Who's in better shape -- you, or your kid? Take this test by a top D.C. trainer and find out., Chinese New Year is also a huge travel season for the country as many leave town for weeks to visit family. Pet care businesses in China are considering raising their rates to take advantage of demand increases for their services during this time., We ask Rep. Judy Chu will there be a Chinese-American president by 2050? http://youtu.be/Sxg7IYezRZk   More 6pm http://www.cctvamericalive.com, Tonight on The Heat: From New York City to San Francisco, Chinese Americans are celebrating Spring Festival. But are they getting the recognition they deserve? Watch online at 6pm est. www.cctvamericalive.com, From New York to San Francisco, Chinese communities in the United States are celebrating Spring Festival. Now one U.S. school system is recognizing the Chinese New Year as a day off. What do you think? Answer below., Got $50k? Then you too can have Salt-N-Pepa play at your wedding, Bloomberg Business reports. We want to know: if YOU were dropping a cool $50,000 on a concert for your wedding, what group or singer would you pick?, WATCH this video of a mid-air collision.  Luckily no one was injured., Does sensitivity prevent us from having a serious discussion about race in America? We asked Roland Martin in our One More Question segment. She what he has to say and add your comments below.  
See more of our conversation at: http//www.cctv-america.com/?p=38804, Apple Pay gets competition from #LoopPay, CNET's Shara Tibken  talks #techtrends, Weak sales and bad press have pushed Google Glass back to the drawing board. What do you think of Google Glass tech?, The White House Extremism Summit discussed some of the ways to combat extremism beyond military action., Shake it off!
Recorded 11 billion “shakes” from China's Whatsapp-like App WeChat users during the five-hour CCTV Spring Festival Gala for getting virtual red envelopes!

The Wechat's rewards can go as high as 4,999 yuan ($800), and users had to use WeChat’s “Shake” feature at scheduled times during the CCTV’s Spring Festival Gala show., The 2015 Chinese Lunar New Year began on Thursday, February 19, marking the beginning of Spring Festival celebrations around the world. See how people from Asia to Europe to the Americas rang in the Year of the Sheep!, What are characteristics of people born in the Year of the Sheep?  Find out here. Watch, like and SHARE our video explainer. Do you possess sheep traits?  What sign best fits your personality? Find out by taking our quiz.  http//www.cctv-america.com/?p=38927, One new business venture in Nicaragua involves pets that some might find a little scary. Find out all you need to know about these entrepreneurs' export plans on Global Business America at 7PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM Beijing., https://www.playbuzz.com/cctvamerica10/think-you-know-what-chinese-zodiac-sign-you-are-think-again, Think you know what Chinese zodiac sign you are? Think again. CCTV-America created this personality test, to see if you actually embody the characteristics of your Chinese zodiac animal. The results may surprise you. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=38923

View our other Lunar New Year content: http://www.cctv-america.com/category/chinese-new-year, What makes it the Year of the Sheep? Watch, like and SHARE our video explaining the Chinese New Year., Watch, like and SHARE our video explaining the Chinese New Year., On Wednesday, the eve of the Chinese lunar year of sheep, the 5-month-old panda triplets Mengmeng, Shuaishuai and Kuku played around with a toy sheep., We asked Roland Martin to hang around after The Heat to answer One More Question about race in America., Take our poll: Does Hollywood accurately portray issues facing veterans? Comment below if you have more to say on the issue. Your results will appear on tomorrow's Heat at 6 p.m. eastern, 7 a.m. Beijing time.
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=38809, "To use all my vacation hours this year.", U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry gives a statement of the Lunar New Year: 
"On behalf of President Obama and the people of the United States, I am delighted to express my wishes of good health, good fortune, and happiness to those around the world celebrating the Lunar New Year on February 19.", 2015 is the year of the sheep. What animal represents the year you were born? Check here if you are a ox, tiger or rat. SHARE with us below. Happy Chinese New Year!, Watch this video of our resident calligrapher writing 新年好 (xin nian hao) -- which means Happy New Year. Happy #ChineseNewYear #LunarNewYear from all of us at CCTV America!, What do police & minorities need to do to improve relations? Comment below with your ideas. We may use your answer tonight at 6pm on The Heat. Watch at www.cctvamericalive.com  Roland Martin   The National Urban League, Contrary to the myth that being born in the Year of the Sheep is terribly unlucky, there are quite a few compelling “Sheep-ple!” Check out our list of some of our favorites. #ChineseNewYear, The word for this year's's zodiac animal can be translated as Goat, Ram, or Sheep. Read on to find out why. #ChineseNewYear, According to legend, the Kitchen God gives an annual report to the Jade Emperor about how mortals have behaved over the past year. It’s based on that report that the Emperor decides his rewards and punishments -- so its important to bribe him well! #ChineseNewYear (FYI, Xiaonian was Feb. 11 -- Dec. 23 on the lunar calendar -- but kicks off the countdown to Spring Festival.), Learn how to make these five "lucky" recipes at home! #ChineseNewYear, The coins -- which are worth 1 yuan (about $0.16) -- were first issued in 2003. #ChineseNewYear, Read about some of the most popular #ChineseNewYear traditions, and how the customs came about, as we kick off the Year of the Sheep., Want to know more about Spring Year, Chinese New Year?  Watch and share our explainer video., Watch and share this cool how-to video of making a traditional Chinese red lantern: #ChineseNewYear, Want more Lunar New Year content? We've got a whole section of our site dedicated to it, and here's one to get you started: Lion dancers prepare for Chinese New Year celebrations in US capita.l, It's time for #SpringFestival! WATCH and SHARE #ChineseNewYear celebrations live online here: bit.ly/1LaqOm1, You can watch CCTV's Spring Festival Gala LIVE from Facebook this year! This Wednesday, 7 am ET, click the following link to watch LIVE of the "most watched television program" here!
PC：https://www.facebook.com/CCTV.CH/app_266224890138398
Mobile：http://54.179.231.197/hls-live/livepkgr/_definst_/liveevent/livestream.m3u8
YouTube：https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bafp4gkN5B0
http://youtu.be/jSWNJcxr_Bs, We're going to be discussing race relations, and police interactions with people of color with Roland Martin on Thursday's Heat show, particularly in light of FBI Director James Comey's (pictured) frank speech on law enforcement and race last week. What should we ask? #blacklivesmatter #ferguson, It’s been more than a year since the conflict in South Sudan began.  Peace-talk efforts have failed to end the civil war and more than 10,000 people have been killed. But a new ceasefire agreement, and new talks, are bringing a glimmer of hope for some. Others remain cynical. 

Tune in to The Heat as we take an in-depth look at the conflict. It’s at 6pm EST in the U.S., 7am in Beijing. Watch online at http:://www.cctvamericalive.com, The Carnival party is on in Rio, with massive parades, lots of dancing, and thousands of spectators. CCTV shows you some of the selfies from the celebration.  http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photo-gallery-rio-carnival-selfies, CCTV America goes behind the scenes at New York Fashion week and caught up briefly with design guru Carolinaherrera Carolina Herrera. Here's what she had to say about the one thing all women need. Watch the full segment on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi said in a Tuesday radio interview that creating a U.N.-backed coalition was the best course of action to rid Libya of Islamic extremists., Video from the scene shows sparks coursing from the wire after a singer from a Haitian hip-hop group was touched by an overhead power line as the float passed beneath it. The wire appeared to have electrocuted several others as well., While most of us might see chopsticks as merely utensils, they are much more than that for the Chinese people. They symbolize the rich history, culture and traditions of China. Wondering how? Take a look at this video., This gives a coalition of 26 states time to pursue a lawsuit with the goal of permanently stopping the orders., SHARE & LIKE this cool visual that shows the movement of people as they travel to celebrate the Chinese New Year., You can watch CCTV's Spring Festival Gala LIVE from Facebook this year! This Wednesday, 7 am ET, click the following link to watch LIVE of the "most watched television program" here!, A group called ‘Start-Up Grind’ aims to bring Silicon Valley-esque startup communities to the world.

The organization has grown from a local group at Silicon Valley to more than 160 chapters globally, attracting talents from the U.S., Europe, Latin America and China. Find out more on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., Lion dancers prepare for Chinese New Year celebrations in US capital http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=38203, Sn-how's it going? Our digital media interns took a break to enjoy this East Coast snow!, Ogle the style of New York Fashion week right here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=38177, Bolivians love their Simpsons! SHARE & LIKE what happened when Unitel TV took The Simpsons off prime time. Watch the video here. Viewed over 4 million times!, What are some traditional Chinese New Year customs? Cleaning house is one. Find out why and more customs at this link., There is outcry across Turkey over the brutal rape and murder of 20-year-old student psychology student Ozgecan Aslan., Egypt’s military announced the air strikes on state radio, marking the first time Cairo has publicly acknowledged military action in Libya. It said the strikes hit weapons caches and training camps “to avenge the bloodshed and to seek retribution from the killers.”, Chinese President Xi Jinping gives his New Year Greetings with a cutting paper “Three Sheep bring good luck”., Every lunar new year, both the U.S. Postal Service and the China Post issue Chinese New Year stamps. All the wonderful stamps photos are collected here., 'Cholitas' fashion takes over Bolivian catwalks http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=37813, Colombian mutation of Alzheimer’s could hold key for scientific breakthrough http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=37806, ISIL reportedly kills 21 Egyptian Christian hostages, BREAKING NEWS: Video purports to show Islamic State militants in Libya beheading Christian hostages., At least one gunman opened fire Saturday on a Copenhagen cafe, killing one man in what authorities called a likely terror attack during a free speech event organized by an artist who had caricatured the Prophet Muhammad., Curious as to how the members of our CCTV America staff are spending their Valentine's Day? Check out our short but "sweet" WEB EXTRA to see how the men and women of our news team plan to "woo" their significant others.....or maybe just treat themselves. ;) #HappyValentinesDay, Check Out Our Top Story of the Week: She may be 50-years-old, but Argentines and fans around the world will always know her as a child. 

This Valentine's Day, "fall in love" with Mafalda, the Argentine cartoon character that made the world listen., Is Colombia really sending 500 million flowers to the US for Valentine’s Day? Now that's love. 

 #HappyValentinesDay, null, VIDEO:WATCH AND SHARE- Surveillance tape shows a car crashing into the guardrail of the Consulate General of the United States in Shanghai. The driver claimed he ran a large company in Fujian and felt someone wanted to kill him, so he needed to provoke an incident to draw attention., Colombia sends 500 million flowers to the US for #valentinesday http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=37764, The Heat tonight at 6: The European Union & terrorism after #CharlieHebdo Watch at http://cctvamericalive.com, In honor of Valentine's Day (and pandas) we're hoping you can help us come up with some good #pandavalentines

Here are some of ours, comment with yours below or tweet #pandavalentines at https://twitter.com/CCTV_America:

I can keep you warm all winter long. Literally, have you seen my fur? #pandavalentines

I wanna hibernate with you #pandavalentines

Eat bamboo, Pray bamboo, Love bamboo #pandavalentines

This Valentine's Day, will you be my (bam)BOO... #pandavalentines

Without your love, my life would be unBEARable.... #pandavalentines

Unlike a Giant Panda, my love for you is not endangered. #pandavalentines

I'll be your Mei Xiang, if you'll be my Tian Tian. #pandavalentines @NationalZoo

Will you be my Sichuan sweetheart? #pandavalentines

You have us completely bamboo-zled #pandavalentines

We love you so much, we can’t bear it. #pandavalentines

(Photo by Johann Balleis), https://twitter.com/CCTV_America/status/566245661105205248, https://twitter.com/CCTV_America/status/566256483537793024, https://twitter.com/CCTV_America/status/566254225970446336, Getting close to Spring Festival, the Chinese New Year. Here is background on the tradition.  How do you celebrate?, President Barack Obama plays along with BuzzFeed as a way to remind people about the Healthcare.gov sign-up deadline.  The 21 million views since posting on Thursday proves it is effective. What do you think about a President using humor to get out a message? 
WATCH the video here., London’s population set to surpass 1939 peak of more than 8.5 million. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=37568, More than 100 in U.S., Canada, Mexico infected with measles, renewing the debate over effectiveness of vaccines. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=37519, We interview Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein on Global Business and he answered One More Question for us exclusively online about the status of the Chinese RMB. Watch the full segment at 7 p.m. EST, 8 a.m. BJ time. Online or mobile at www.cctvamericalive.com

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=37560, Despite the current issues facing China's economy, Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein is optimistic about the country's future. Blankfein believes that "China has moved faster than every other developing country in history." Do you agree? Find out what else Blankfein has to say about the Chinese economy in an exclusive interview on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., Tonight on The Heat: Women represent roughly 50 percent of the world’s population, yet they make up roughly 60 percent of the world’s working poor. We take on the topic at 6pm EST. Watch at www.cctvamericalive.com., Deah Shaddy Barakat, 23, and his wife, Yusor Mohammad Abu-Salha, 21, were newlyweds who helped the homeless and raised money to help Syrian refugees in Turkey., CCTV Africa's Robert Nagila reports that Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan is confident kidnapped schoolgirls will be home soon: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=37475, In Chinese, 2015 is the year of 羊 or “yang” — a generic term for various sheep-like horned and and hoofed mammals. But is 2015 the Year of the Sheep? the Ram? or the Goat? This post explains the differences., null, BREAKING: The U.S. House follows suit with the Senate and votes in favor of the controversial pipeline, a measure President Obama has promised to veto., Happy Chinese New Year from star-studded red carpet!, We interview fashion designer Vera Wang tonight on Global Business and she answered One More Question for us exclusively online about her creative influences: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=37221
Watch the full segment at 7 p.m. EST, 8 a.m. BJ time. Online or mobile at www.cctvamericalive.com, The Chinese New Year is coming! This year, the Spring Festival begins on Feb. 19th. How much do you know about the festival? Here’s a day-by-day guide of Spring Festival customs., With the Ebola outbreak sharply reduced, the U.S. plans to only have 100 of the deployed 2,800 troops in West Africa after April 30., During his presidential campaigns, Barack Obama pledged he would end American wars. But things have changed since the Islamic State has proved it's a growing threat. What are your thoughts on the U.S. potentially entering a new war in the Middle East?, 46-year-old Craig Stephen Hicks was arrested on first-degree murder charges after his young Muslim neighbors were shot execution style., Xiao Nian is said to be the day that the #JadeEmperor, the supreme ruler of the Heaven, reviews the yearly performance of human beings, based on which, he rewards or punishes them., NBC is suspending Brian Williams as “Nightly News” anchor and managing editor for six months without pay for misleading the public about his experiences covering the Iraq War. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=37148, BREAKING: NBC's Brian Williams suspended for six months, Variety magazine reporting. Here's why: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/02/06/nbcs-brian-williams-apologizes-for-false-iraq-story, Technology is changing every day. The internet continues to evolve and now may be on the "move." Find out where the internet is now being placed and what countries can soon see this latest advance on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the US and 8 AM Beijing., Kayla Mueller, in her letter to her family: "Know I am also fighting from my side in the ways I am able + I have a lot of fight left inside of me. I am not breaking down + I will not give in no matter how long it takes.", The U.S.  is closing its embassy in Yemen due to deteriorating security after a takeover of the country by Shiite rebels. Diplomats are currently being evacuated. U.S. citizens are urged to leave country. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=36904, She may have turned 50-years-old, but for her millions of followers she will always remain a little girl. The Argentine cartoon character “Mafalda” is famous for her sharp wits, inquisitive questioning, interest in current events and hatred for soup. She has been translated into 26 languages and to this day, is featured daily in many newspapers around the globe.

Argentine cartoonist Quino originally came up with the idea of Mafalda for a publicity campaign that never fell through. Later, the comic strip of the little girl took on a life of its own. She captured the spirit of the times, but also pointed to social issues that are still valid and relevant.

Americas Now correspondent Joel Richards brought us this Urban Voices from Buenos Aires, Mafalda's hometown. 

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/02/08/argentina-celebrates-50th-birthday-of-mafalda-the-girl-that-made-the-world-listen
#Quino #Mafalda #Argentina #cartoon, Reza Aslan helps explain ISIL., "I have been treated w/ the utmost respect + kindness. ... I have been shown in darkness, light + have learned that even in prison, one can be free." -- Kayla Mueller in a spring, 2014 letter to her family., Carl and Marsha Mueller, the parents of Kayla Jean Mueller, released a statement on Tuesday saying they have been told that she has died., Latest data from China’s State Forestry Administration showed that the number of wild pandas in China was 1,596 as of 2006., Russain and Egyptian leaders meet, improve ties http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=36563, The Heat debates free speech and assembly in France http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=36647, Hong Kong battles nasty strain of Influenza that’s killed 140 so far http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=36541, A new mobile app promises direct delivery of alcoholic beverages to your door, so that when it's the weekend, and you and your friends can't bring yourselves to a crowded bar, you still have a chance to bring the party home. More on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., In today's DID YOU KNOW: Chinese superstition suggests people born under  the Year of the Sheep will fail at love, be poor at business, will follow rather than lead, and that only a mere one in 10 will ever find happiness! Talk about some bad luck!

BUT, contrary to myth, there are quite a few compelling “Sheep-ple.” Check out our team's list of some of our favorite and more memorable "sheep"!, Watch LIVE right now: Obama and Merkel news conference., BREAKING NEWS: A riot broke out Sunday night outside of a major soccer game in Egypt, with a stampede and fighting between police and fans killing at least 25 people, authorities said. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=36461, Money laundering: From the Sinaloa Cartel to LA’s fashion district

“Anytime you take one of the leading criminals in the world off the streets, you see tremendous damages at all levels of the organization,” said Jack Riley, Chief of Operations for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), referring the the capture, on February 2014, of Joaquin El Chapo Guzman, head of the Sinaloa Cartel. 

Authorities claim that there has been push-back against the cartel on both sides of the border, particularly on the money laundering front. This has forced officials to explore alternatives ways to send its narco-dollars to Mexico. Last September, U.S. authorities raided around 75 locations in LA's fashion district, seizing 90 million dollars. Americas Now correspondent Kirsch goes behind the trail of the powerful organization's money laundering scheme. 
#Mexico #Sinaloa #WarOnDrugs #ElChapo #Cartel #ANow 
 http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=36108, A volunteer firefighter becomes Guatemala City’s unsuspecting hero 

Guatemala City has the highest crime rate in Central America, averaging 100 murders per week. More than 60 percent of the population possesses a gun. Hospitals in the city are understaffed and supplies are scarce as the gang-fueled violence continues to spread. In a country where state institutions are seen as corrupt and lack proper, social safety nets, emergency responders are oftentimes the only thing that remotely resembles a helping hand.

This is where Jorge Chiu comes in. By day, he saves lives as the chief of cardiothoracic services in a Guatemala City military hospital. By night, he is a volunteer firefighter, rushing to crime scenes and other emergency areas, making a difference one case at a time.

In 2002, Chiu started a program to train paramedics in advanced techniques, such as intubating patients. He hopes to leave a legacy behind as he trains more volunteers. In this way, Guatemala City’s fire department can provide better assistance for those in danger even after he retires.

Jorge is this week's #GameChanger on Americas Now. 
#EmergencyResponders #Bomberos #FireFighters #Violence
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=36182, Argentina celebrates 50th birthday of 'Mafalda', the girl that made the world listen http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=36200, Kita Curry hopes to raise awareness on mental illnesses http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=35494, CHECK OUT THIS TEASER: Think you'd go far in the Amazon Games? Complete with boat racing, arching, blowpipe throwing and yes, EVEN swimming in piranha-infested waters, the games showcase thousands of representatives from various indigenous tribes and aim to celebrate and preserve their traditions. 

Be sure to tune-in to this week's Americas Now at 6 PM on Sunday for a behind-the-scenes look at Colombia's indigenous games with correspondent Toby Muse., Why is there so much stigma around the discussion of mental health and illness?

Get the answers by tuning in to this week's episode of Full Frame NOW by clicking the link: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=243, #BREAKING UPDATE: Anchorman Brian Williams says he's taking himself off the NBC evening newscast "for the next several days."

(AFP PHOTO / ROBYN BECK), Police have uncovered a total of eight trafficking rings. In September 2014, they also busted a ring in Yanzhou, Shandong and detained more than 40 suspects., BREAKING: The U.S. Department of Justice has unsealed an indictment on Friday, February 6th, charging six individuals with terrorist related crimes.  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=36258, A year after what authorities claim was the biggest money seizure in U.S. history, Mexican drug cartels still seem to be running business as usual, and the unsuspecting victim: LA's Fashion District.

Get the full story this Sunday at 6 PM on Americas Now.
#ElChapo #Sinaloa #WarOnDrugs, The Heat discusses growth in space exploration http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=36127, The Grammy Awards will take place in Los Angeles this weekend and will feature performances by Madonna, Rihanna and Paul McCartney.  Nominees include Sam Smith and Beyonce, but “Let it Go” from the hit Disney film “Frozen” was snubbed.  Find out more on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., Prelim. info from crashed #TransAsia flight's black box shows both engines were off seconds after takeoff. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=36059, ISIL claims US hostage Kayla Mueller was killed in a Jordanian airstrike today. If true, Mueller, 26, of Prescott, Arizona, was an aid worker in Syria: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=36078, WEB EXTRA: Former commander of the International Space Station says the world is already mimicking a Star Trek reality., Houthi Shiite rebels in Yemen announce they've taken over country, dissolved parliament. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=36085, DEVELOPING: ISIL released photos showing rubble of a building it claimed had been struck in airstrikes, but no images of the hostage, Kayla Mueller. They did, however, release her name, phone numbers, and other personal information, including her Arizona address., FCC Chair wants to classify Internet as a utility, favoring net neutrality http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=35903, Native communities in Ecuador affected by an oil disaster still deal with issues of pollution committed by the Texaco oil company, that was later purchased by Chevron. Meanwhile, the government of Ecuador also plans more oil and mining operations of its own., Taiwan plane crash survivor claims the plane's engine didn't feel right., It’s been one year since the crime boss of one of Mexico’s most notorious drug cartels was captured, but has his arrest made any difference?

Correspondent Mike Kirsch reports on the money laundering operation of the Sinaloa cartel for more insight on how the group is using U.S. businesses to transfer money back to Mexico.
Get the full story this Sunday at 6 PM on Americas Now., All your net neutrality questions answered here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=35804, Swans: The hidden victims of cold weather
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=35812, Five Chinese idioms about sheep http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=33802, Measles outbreak last year in Ohio came before recent Disneyland outbreak http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=35772, When's the last time you saw a snow leopard?
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=35740, More convenient than ever!, Spring Festival season in China is getting closer., The Amazonian jungle is supposed to be a pristine territory, a natural sanctuary safeguarded for the benefit of present and future generations by its ancestral inhabitants, the various indigenous tribes that live in complete harmony with nature. However, in vast areas of the Ecuadorian Amazon, the reality could not be more different.

Americas Now Correspondent Gerry Hadden traveled to the Sucumbios province in Ecuador to examine the damage caused by decades of oil drilling in the forest. 

Watch his feature documentary to find out what he discovered. 
http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/02/01/oil-waste-contaminates-the-ecuadorian-amazon
#Texaco #Amazon #OilDrilling #Pollution #Ecuador, Tourism in Greece rose by 20 percent last year, rebounding after the financial crisis. But the industry is still hampered by all-inclusive packages which limit tourist interaction with Greek businesses. Find out more on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., A new Chinese superhero? Yep. And Stan Lee is creating The Annihilator. LIKE, SHARE and read about the project here., A disability shouldn't deter a dream. Guillermo Marro was born with a congenital disease that impaired the use of both his legs. And yet he managed, through hard work and rigorous training sessions, to become one of Argentina's finest Olympians. The swimmer has competed in four Games, winning three medals.
In 2008, Guillermo set up the Fundacion Guillermo Marro, an organization that helps people with disabilities to pursue their vocation.
He is not only a great Olympian but also a champion for disabled athletes, and that's why he is this week's #GameChanger on Americas Now. 
#CARP #Paralympic #Agentina #River
Watch the whole piece http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/02/01/a-four-time-olympian-champions-disabled-athletes-in-argentina, In Sunni Islam, which the ISIL militants adhere to, it is prohibited to burn people -- whether in wartime or not. This has lead some analysts to say the terror group is trying to maintain its "shock value.", Amazing video of the Taiwan plane crash captured by a driver's dashcam.  This video picks up the plane early.You can see it coming over the buildings., Death toll continues to rise in crash of TransAsia Airways Flight GE235.  http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/02/04/transasia-plane-with-58-aboard-crashes-in-taipei, BREAKING: Taiwan media says plane with 53 passengers crashes in Taipei; 10 people awaiting rescue., Jordanian government says it has killed two prisoners -- Sajida al-Rishawi and Ziad al-Karbouli -- just hours after Islamic State militants released a video that purportedly showed a captured Jordanian fighter pilot being burned alive in a cage. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=35313, BREAKING -- Six dead and at least 12 injured when a commuter train struck a vehicle on the tracks north of New York City.
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=35299, At Least 6 Die in Metro-North Train Crash in Valhalla, NY, New York MTA confirms. More to come., The Heat discusses outcomes of African Union summit http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=35220, Cuba is privatizing all of its state-owned restaurants. Find out how this may transform the country’s burgeoning fine-dining industry. More on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., GNC, Target, Walmart, and Walgreen Co. sold supplements that either couldn’t be verified to contain the labeled substance or that contained ingredients not listed on the label, according to the NY attorney general., More about the life of the Jordanian pilot purportedly killed by Islamic State extremists., There have now been over 22,000 cases of Ebola from the west African outbreak, but the number of new cases has been leveling off., Supposed ISIL video shows Jordanian pilot Muath al-Kaseasbeh burned to death. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=35115, The worst drought to hit Brazil since the 1930s is affecting the country’s most populated states of Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, and Minas Gerais. Officials in Sao Paulo said they may be forced to ration water if rains don’t come soon and limit water availability to just two days a week. Minas and Rio states are trying to avoid such drastic measures., US working to save U.S. Islamic State hostage:
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=35024, Brazil is suffering from its worst drought in 80 years. Some of its major cities may even face water rationing. Find out who analysts are blaming for the dry spell on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM in Beijing., The closest thing to Groundhog's Day in the Chinese lunar calendar is: The Waking of Insects (Jing Zhe) aka: "Hibernating animals come to sense" which falls on March 6. (Photo of sciurus vulgaris by Peter Trimming)... http://www.travelchinaguide.com/intro/focus/solar-term.htm, Pretty awesome interactive of Punxsutawney Phil's accuracy across the country: http://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/groundhog-day-2015/, Check out our photo gallery of some of the memorable moments of Super Bowl XLIX.  
http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-super-bowl-xlix, These pictures show the triplet baby giant pandas with their mother “Juxiao” at Chimelong Safari Park in Guangzhou, capital of south China's Guangdong Province. The triplets survived for 184 days since they were born on July 29, 2014, which remains the first case of triplet giant pandas alive., YOU WON'T WANT TO MISS THIS WEB EXTRA: Ever wonder if you could be a real life "Survivor" in the Amazon? That's what Americas Now correspondent Gerry Hadden asked himself when he journeyed along Ecuador's Aguarico River with his travel guide, Silvio. So Gerry asked Silvio: "What is the one bit of advice you'd give a 'gringo' like me, lost in the forest?" What would he have to fear?

Silvio's answer may surprise you., Americas Now is taking you to the movies, but not in the way you’re used to. Get a behind-the-scenes look at Washington, D.C.’s old Tivoli Movie Palace. The theater was long abandoned but reborn with a new identity as a center for Hispanic Art. WATCH THIS WEB EXTRA and listen to Hugo Medrano, co-founder of the Gala Hispanic Theater, talk about the Tivoli in its heyday.

Learn more about Medrano and the history of the theater HERE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=34532, Going to a resort to wrestle is different. Wrestling in tofu is just strange., Dozens of Bird Flu virus cases in Guandong province, Japan vows to hold ISIL accountable for Goto, Yakawa's death, Oil waste contaminates the Ecuadorian Amazon, The dangers of being a journalist in Mexico, A four-time Olympian champions disabled athletes in Argentina, A film about identities in a DC movie palace reborn. 
In its heyday, the Tivoli Movie Palace was the most sumptuous of its kind in the nation’s capital. Long abandoned and reborn with a new identity as a center for Hispanic Art, it certainly seems like a perfect fit for the film., Reciclados make music with other people’s garbage, Oil pollution in Ecuador’s Amazon rainforest has taken its toll on the environment and the local population. 

Correspondent Gerry Hadden examines the damage from the contamination. He’ll also tell us about the legal battle between Ecuador’s indigenous community and U.S. oil company Chevron. Tonight on Americas Now at 6pm EST
#Ecuador #Chevron #Cofan
Watch– http://t.co/RIrTfvFB10, As often happens during news coverage of terrorist acts, we learn more about the killers than we do about the victims. So who exactly was Kenji Goto?  CCTV America gives you a look at the man behind the ISIL hostage crisis., #BREAKING UPDATE: The video bore the symbol of the Islamic State group's al-Furqan media arm.Though the video could not be immediately independently verified, it conformed to other beheading videos released by the extremists., #BREAKING: Online video purports to show Islamic State group beheading Japanese journalist Kenji Goto.

READ MORE HERE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=34716, Are you a U.S. citizen without health insurance? Then's you'll almost certainly be facing some government fines this year. The fine is either $95 or 1 percent of income, the final fine being whichever one is greater. In 2016, the fine is expected to go up significantly: $695 or 2 and a half percent of income., About 70 percent of the population of Sub-Saharan Africa (600 million people) live without electricity. The organizer of the Powering Africa conference in Washington said the U.S. business community is missing an opportunity to get involved., Michael Wilkinson started taking pictures of the Tivoli Theatre (Washington, D.C.) in 2002, about 15 rolls worth while chronicling its reconstruction process. WATCH THIS WEB EXTRA to learn more about how the 1920s theater managed to survive race riots, decades of abandonment, gentrification and changing times.

And learn more about this D.C. gem in #ColumbiaHeights in this week's installment of #UrbanVoices on America's Now, Sunday at 6 PM EST., The Heat discusses CELAC conference and US-Cuba relations http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=34585, Former NBA All-Star Antoine Walker made $110 million over the course of his career. Even so, the global housing crisis led him to filing bankruptcy in 2010.  But Walker's not the only professional athlete to go broke after earning millions... 

Find out more on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., Are you a single lady looking for love? Then China might be the place for you! Recently released figures show that there are nearly 34 MILLION more men than women in China. That's roughly the population of Canada, and just 4 million people less than the population of the U.S. state of California (roughly 38 million).

READ MORE HERE: http://applist.cctvnews.cn/publish/website/data/data/2015/01/29/289716/detail.html, Think you pay attention to what's happening in the world? Play our news quiz and prove it! :), Mitt Romney says he is leading now in polls and could win the nomination. BUT he's not running for president.  What do you think of Romney's decision?, Imagine driving in your car and a bull running along side you., Despite lower fuel prices, consumers haven’t benefitted from lower airfares. In fact, costs have risen in recent months, something airline companies aren't eager to discuss. Find out more on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., It's been 47 years., Meet Yangyang!, Any swap with the Islamic State group would run counter to its tough approach toward Islamic extremists., Iron rice bowl no more... China reforms pension system. Gov't workers  treated more like private employees:
 http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=34054  #铁饭碗丢了, Sales of luxury goods in China hit negative numbers in 2014 http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=34133, ISIL extends deadline for Jordanian prisoner swap for pilot, AP reports citing ISIL sources. 
http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/01/28/jordan-considers-prisoner-swap-for-pilot, Time to start the hype. Check out our Super Bowl media day photo gallery.   http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-super-bowl-xlix, Silicon Valley is known as THE global tech hub thanks to its constant innovation and research. Some of the biggest names we know today—from Apple to Oracle—relied on foreign engineers and computer scientists to build up their brand. But current immigration policy is threatening that labor pipeline.
One company is now daring to change all that. Find out how on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., For the fifth time in a row, Apple smashed the previous quarterly profit earnings record by a corporation. Check out what that looks like:, This week on Full Frame Anne Geddes - Official talks about her work as a March of Dimes ambassador, and how she is using her camera to bring awareness to the issue of preterm birth. Here are a couple of questions we asked Anne after our interview.  
Watch Full Frame LIVE on your computer, tablet or mobile
www.cctvamericalive.com the Saturday, 6pm est., Who knew people have so much interest in anchovies? CCTV’s Dan Collyns report about anchovie shortages in Lima got lots of attention on our social media.  Lima produces more anchovies than any other country in the world.  Are you an anchovie lover or hater?, Looks like people do like having bigger iPhones. It paid off big time in Apple earnings. Do you like having a bigger screen for your smart phone? Why or why not?, The Heat discusses US-India relations http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=33793, What is the Nicaragua Canal project? Why build it? What is the environment impact? Here are some basic facts about this mega project., Peru’s youth have prevailed in their fight to overturn a labor law that cuts benefits for young workers.
Find out how they were able to reverse landmark legislation passed by the Peruvian congress.
Details on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., Although the nor'easter failed to bring record breaking snow fall, it was still the perfect playground for your pets and animals., Cool gif of asteroid passing. And they discovered a moon!  The asteroid passed about 745,000 miles (1.2 million kilometers) from Earth, roughly three times farther away than the moon. During the flyby, scientists even discovered that the asteroid had a moon of its own.   http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=33649, Alibaba's Jack Ma said, “The biggest opportunity in China in the next 3 to 5 years lies in helping bring thousands of traditional companies online, and in upgrading them with Internet mentality and technology.”, Peru can’t seem to get a break. Last year the economy took a hit because of slumping copper prices. This 2015, the economy is facing a fishy future… especially if the anchovy industry goes belly up. Find out why on Global Business America at 7 p.m. Eastern in the U.S. and 8 a.m. Beijing., For your amusement, the CCTV America Digital Media team did some serious, investigative journalism and stalked your Twitter and Instagram feeds to see how your pets were faring through the snow. We must say, the findings were paw-sitively adorable., A jury has convicted a former CIA officer of leaking classified details of an operation to thwart Iran’s nuclear ambitions to a New York Times reporter., Check out our photo gallery of the 63rd Annual Miss Universe Pageant. Newcomer Miss Colombia Paulina Vega won the crown, beating Miss USA Nia Sanchez., VIDEO:Watch what happens when a pilot ditches his plane after running out of fuel. LIKE & SHARE this amazing video from the Coast Guard.  MORE AT: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/01/26/video-pilot-ditches-plane-of-maui, VIDEO:Watch what happens when a pilot ditches his plane after running out of fuel. LIKE & SHARE this amazing video from the Coast Guard. LINK: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/01/26/video-pilot-ditches-plane-of-maui, The closest the asteroid will be to the Earth is three times the distance from here to the moon., Think you have what it takes to be a Korean pop star? So do a lot other Korean hopefuls. Many soon find out, however, that the road to  K-POP stardom is not without its challenges and sacrifices., India and US break deadlock on civil nuclear deal, Former astronaut Franklin Chang Diaz says his team will be ready for a test trip of manned Mars mission in three years. Correspondent John Zarrela traveled to Houston, where his Ad Astra Rocket Company is based, to report on the journey of a man who has been constantly, and literally, reaching out to the stars. 
#Nasa #Mars #SpaceTravel, The magic of the circus breathes life back into Venezuela
Jorge Heli has been part of the circus since his teenage years as a street performer in his native Venezuela. He soon realized that his country didn't need more street performers, but rather more circus producers. 
Ten years ago, together with some colleagues, he started working on a dream: to bring a Circus Festival to the coastal town of La Sabana. Slowly but surely, they have brought joy and inspiration to thousands of participants in the Convención Internacional de Circo de Venezuela. 
Jorge Heli is our #GameChanger this week in Americas Now., Journalist Pablo Pardo on the use of torture by the United States, Mike Kirsch’s reporter’s notebook: portraits from oil country, The other side of the oil boom in North Dakota, Beijing residents enjoy winter fun on historical, scenic Houhai Lake, Greek election: leftist Syriza sweeping to victory, Learning the language of food with Dan Jurafsky http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=32624, null, Interested in how to be a healthy #foodie? Get the scoop and click this link to watch this week's Full Frame LIVE NOW: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=243, The Ford Motor Company is hoping to get ahead of the curve when it comes to "driving" tech innovation, and has opened up a new research lab in Silicon Valley just to prove it. Check out how the auto and tech worlds are colliding as CCTV America's Mark Niu gets an inside look at Ford's Research and Innovation Center., #BREAKING: The purported message claimed one Japanese hostage has been killed and demanded a prisoner exchange for the other. But the post was deleted quickly, and militants on a website affiliated with the Islamic State group disagreed about the message’s authenticity., Think you know the news? Play our CCTV America quiz and prove it :), Colombian Fabio Ramon’s business for online waste disposal is just one of many new ventures in a country ranked highest in early-stage entrepreneurial activity. This is according to a study of 44 nations by the World  Economic Forum and Global Entrepreneurship Monitor. Find out more on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., “In King Abdullah, we have lost an important voice who left a lasting impact on his country." — Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Correspondent Mike Kirsch visits the once quiet town of Williston, where the population has tripled due to the North Dakota oil boom. This week on Americas Now, 6pm EST Sunday. Watch on-air or at www.cctvamericalive.com., CCTV America’s interviewed experts on the reaction to the death of King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia Thursday, and what it will mean for the future of the country.   http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=32851, Not only are the rich getting richer and the poor poorer -- But by 2016, the global 1 percent’s share of wealth will surpass the wealth of 99 percent of the world. 

Read the full report: http://www.oxfam.org/sites/www.oxfam.org/files/file_attachments/ib-wealth-having-all-wanting-more-190115-en.pdf, Photo Gallery: King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia dead at 90. http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/king-abdullah-of-saudi-arabia-dead-at-90, King Abdullah, had a history of medical problems. King Abdullah’s successor will be his half-brother, Crown Prince Salman. The 79-year-old is next in line to the throne and is Saudi Arabia’s Deputy Prime Minister and defense minister. Salman had recently taken on the ailing Abdullah’s responsibilities., As the death of Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah was made known on Saudi State TV on Thursday, news of his passing quickly became a trending topic on Twitter, as did talk of his successor, Prince Salman. Here's what the social media had to say., King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia, has died at 90, according to the Associated Press, citing Saudi state TV reports. The king had ruled since he took office in 2005 as his country’s sixth king. He had been ill recently.
King Abdullah’s successor will be his half-brother, Crown Prince Salman. The 79 -year-old is next in line to the throne and is Saudi Arabia’s Deputy Prime Minister and defense minister. Salman had recently taken on the ailing Abdullah’s responsibilities., Watch our Livestream now for details on death of Saudi Arabia King Abdullah. www.cctvamericalive.com, King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia has died at 90, according to AP, citing Saudi state TV reports. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=32766, #BREAKING News: Saudi state TV reports: King Abdullah has died at 90.

Read more HERE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=32766, Cuba could be a new market for farmers in the U.S. state of Nebraska,  Agriculture exporters, particularly wheat farmers, could find an expanded market for their product in the neighboring Caribbean country as diplomatic relations between the U.S. and Cuba begin to normalize. Find out more on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., We found nearly 4,500 unique words out of the tens of thousands uttered by Obama during all of his State of the Unions. Check out what we did with them., China lost to Australia 0-2 in Asian Cup quarter-finals. China's coach, Frenchman Alain Perrin, said "of course my players are very disappointed ... it means our Asian Cup journey is finished.", This 81-year-old grandma rocks!, A coalition of 22 countries has urged for greater international support and patience before a major decision can be made against the Islamic State., China has now officially become the largest market for iPhones., They want $200 million in 72 hours., Ceasefire reported in Shiite rebel takeover of Yemen’s presidential palace http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=32419, Inadequate publicity and security before and during the New Year’s Eve event in Shanghai are blamed for a stampede that killed 36 people and injured 49., A new mobile app could spell trouble for Costco or Sam’s Club. Boxed claims their customer base will let them challenge giant wholesalers. Find out which segment of the consumer population they’re targeting and more on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., CCTV America is live now. Watch our Livestream on your smartphone or tablet at www.cctvamericalive.com, WATCH LIVE NOW: Speaker John Boehner response to Barack Obama SOTU proposals. www.cctvamericalive.com  Livestream, In case you missed it, the full text of Obama's #SOTU15 speech: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=32348, Keep watching us live for the Republican response from Sen. Joni Ernst of Iowa to Obama's 2015 State of the Union address: www.cctvamericalive.com, What did you think of Obama's #SOTU15 speech? Highlights? Do you think anything he said will impact you personally?, Obama at the end of speech: "Fifteen years into this new century, we have picked ourselves up, dusted ourselves off, and begun again the work of remaking America.", Obama: "I have no more campaigns to run." 

Claps from some members of congress...

Obama ad lib: "I know because I won both of them.", Obama in #SOTU15: "That’s why we defend free speech, and advocate for political prisoners, and condemn the persecution of women, or religious minorities, or people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender. We do these things not only because they’re right, but because they make us safer."

Speaker John Boehner sits while Joe Biden, dems stand., Obama urges Congress to pass laws on cyberterrorism in #SOTU15, CUBA mentioned for first time in #SOTU: "When what you’re doing doesn’t work for fifty years, it’s time to try something new."

Obama says Congress should end embargo, then acknowledges Cuban prisoner Alan Gross sitting in House Chamber. 

Standing Ovation..., Obama mentions defense issues more than halfway through #SOTU: "We will continue to hunt down terrorists and dismantle their networks, and we reserve the right to act unilaterally, as we’ve done relentlessly since I took office to take out terrorists who pose a direct threat to us and our allies." STANDING ovation., Obama mentions China for first time in #SOTU15: "China wants to write the rules for the world’s fastest-growing region. That would put our workers and businesses at a disadvantage. Why would we let that happen? We should write those rules. We should level the playing field. That’s why I’m asking both parties to give me trade promotion authority to protect American workers, with strong new trade deals from Asia to Europe that aren’t just free, but fair.", #SOTU15 Obama gives a shoutout to high-tech jobs at #google, #ebay #tesla, State of Union 2015 speech: Obama announces "bold new plan" to lower the cost of community college – to zero. "Whoever you are, this plan is your chance to graduate ready for the new economy, without a load of debt.", Obama calls on Congress to pass bill allowing for seven days of paid sick leave for workers, equal pay between women and men, a bump in the minimum wage., Standing ovation for call for more affordable high-quality childcare. #sotu15, Obama promises to veto bills that take away obamacare, unravel rules on wall street, or refights old battles on immigration., Obama in #SOTU15 opens with: Economy is growing at fastest pace since 1999. Standing ovation from Dems., Just a reminder you can watch Obama's #SOTU live at: cctvamericalive.com, State of the Union to include plans for improved cybersecurity, affordable higher education, among many other issues: 
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=32295
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=32250 
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=32224, Lower production of European olive oil an opportunity for California brands http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=32231, Stay tuned after our broadcast for live streaming of President Obama's State of the Union address starting at 9 p.m. eastern, 10 a.m. BJ time: www.cctvamericalive.com, The Heat discusses solutions to India-Pakistan tensions, including Kasmir http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=32222, What do you expect from tonight's speech?, The baby is due in the summer. Retiring from tennis leaves Li Na time to become a mother., Not as exciting as a sports event, but these folks will be in the box as guests of the first lady for the State of the Union speech., The timing is stunning -- just hours before he was to give potentially incendiary testimony to Argentina’s congress.  

"I am Nisman" seen on signs at the protests., For fishermen in Manta, Ecuador, catching bigger fish causes bigger problems. It’s not going deep into the sea that they fear but the possibility of what’s lurking in the dark waters, pirates. These modern day pirates are terrorizing artisanal fishermen and their lifestyle. Americas Now correspondent Gerry Hadden reports from this port on the Pacific.

Follow the link to watch the full documentary on #NarcoPirates, and a few additional pieces he filed exclusively for our web, featuring a digital postcard from the Manta beach and a chilling shark tale.  

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/01/15/narco-pirates-a-threat-to-ecuadorian-fishermens-lifestyle, Since 2008, IS militants have made at least $140 million in ransoms according to Greg Ohannessian, a Middle East Political and Defense analyst at Inegma., What do you think about this public display of punishment for not finishing their work?, President Obama sets new priorities on 'the road to the state of the union', While Syria's need for humanitarian efforts has dominated Syria news, the U.N. cuts the food aid budget for Syrian refugees., U.S. delegates set to convene in Cuba, possibly with Raul Castro, On this 29th observance of the holiday honoring Dr. King, the CCTV America Digital Media Team decided to remember the activist through his words on service, justice, and hope for humanity., SHARE THIS CRAZY WEB EXTRA: Watch as our Americas Now correspondent Gerry Hadden goes night fishing off the coast of Ecuador with host Jaime Rodriguez. As the team essentially serves as bait for narco pirates, Jaime shares a very scary story from the high seas that has a very FISHY ending., WATCH NOW: News cast Livestream at www.cctvamericalive.com, This comes on the heels of a record hot December, where average temperatures were the warmest in the 135 years global temperatures have been recorded., Luisa Alvarez of Travesias de Luz makes art with lighted sculptures in urban spaces, intended to surprise and interact with the public. In her project The Soul of DC, she tried to capture the essence of this quintessential Washingtonian neighborhood with her creations illuminated from within.
#UrbanVoices #Georgetown #UrbanArt
http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/01/18/artist-luisa-alvarez-creates-thoughtful-illuminations, It's World Snow Day..., Laura Bustos knows that once you learn how to ride a bike, you never forget. See how she's helping women learn in Mexico City, where more than 80% of bicycle riders are men. Laura and her organization, Te enseño a andar en bici teach and promote bike riding among women of all ages. "When you realize you can overcome your fears, then you can do anything you set your mind to", she says. Laura is this week's #GameChanger in Americas Now. 
#Mexico #DF #Bicicletas #Movilidad #Bicycle #Bike #Bici, Ever heard of Cattoos?
Since December, it's illegal to tattoo or pierce your pet in New York City, but perfectly OK for humans to get tattoos of their pets or even The Official Grumpy Cat. “Once grumpy cat started to really catch on, it just exploded”, says a local tattoo artist. 
#GrumpyCat #Tattoos #Ink #Cattoos, Tune in Today at 18.00EST for a new season of Americas Now, featuring a documentary by correspondent Gerry Hadden on #NarcoPirates threatening Ecuadorian fishermen's lifestyle —http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream.html

Gerry travelled to Manta, a port by the Pacific, where he filed this gorgeous digital postcard, describing a group of locals trying their luck net-fishing on the beach. 

http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/01/15/narco-pirates-a-threat-to-ecuadorian-fishermens-lifestyle
#Ecuador #Narco #CCTVOntheRoad, Growing up, Jen Bricker didn’t use the word “can’t” – there was nothing she couldn’t do, despite the fact that she was born without legs., Tune in to Full Frame now to see how athletes like Diana Nyad push through life's obstacles and defy the odds. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=243, null, "Freedom of expression should be used in a way to boost understanding between the religions,"  Afghan President Ashraf Ghani said. "It is necessary to understand and promote peaceful coexistence among all the people of the world.", #BREAKING: A source said 4 suspects were arrested by Greek police Saturday, including one who "matches the description" of Abdelhamid Abaaoud — the man who Belgian authorities suspect was the mastermind behind a dismantled jihadi cell there., Having trouble tearing yourself away from your smartphone at the dinner table? How about getting off the Internet before bed? Well, there's an app for that., Ireland is the first European country to gain access to the U.S. beef market. Now the Irish agricultural minister hopes China will be next. Find out more on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., The Supreme Court said it will decide whether same-sex couples nationwide have a right to marry under the Constitution. The justices said Friday they will review an appellate ruling that upheld bans on same-sex unions in four states., Not feeling the iPhone? Then you may be into the new 'MiNote'. It's the Chinese electronics company Xiaomi's cheaper, thinner competitor to the newest iPhone, and it's got the tech world buzzing., The U.S. website Lending Club connects non-traditional lenders with borrowers, a model so successful the company says its business doubles every year.  But now Wall Street is getting involved, causing lending practices to look more traditional once again. Find out more on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., BREAKING: Two people killed in a shootout in anti-terror raid in Belgium: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=31325, What do you think of the 87th Academy Award nominations? Who was robbed? Take our poll.

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=31245, Watch a time-lapse of Comet Lovejoy taken from China: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/01/14/star-gazers-capture-awe-inspiring-path-of-comet-lovejoy-in-northeast-china …, Colombia teams with Facebook to offer free online access to some sites http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=31078, Ride-sharing app Uber has had a few tough months thanks to a public relations crises and several countries banning its services. Despite those setbacks, the company has fetched a market valuation of more than $40 billion. Find out on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., This is about as close as we're going to get to showing you the Charlie Hebdo cover. Read on for our explanation why., Meet Tess, the oldest African penguin in captivity. The endangered animal's journey involves skin cancer, radiation therapy and a best friend named Mongo., Iran news agency says detained Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian has been indicted and will stand trial. CCTV America's Asieh Namdar asked Iranian FM Mohammad Javad Zarif about Rezaian's case last September. Here's what the high-ranking Iranian official said: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=31001, President Joko Widodo expressed happiness for the fuselage’s discovery, saying that divers would examine it Thursday., Who’s your favorite superhero? Maybe Batman? Or perhaps Iron Man? Alison Levine has climbed the highest peak on every continent. Click to see who her superhero is. Be sure to tune in to CCTV America's Full Frame at 6 p.m. EST!, In 2013, Diana Nyad accomplished a lifelong dream. At age 64, she became the first person to swim unassisted from Cuba to Florida. Click here to see what she does to relax. Be sure to tune in to CCTV America's Full Frame at 6 p.m. EST!, An alarm indicating a possible ammonia leak in the cooling system early Wednesday prompted the crew to leave and seal off the American module, but further testing had officials thinking it was just a sensor problem., “Sometimes spirit is what matters." -- Former Chinese soccer player and coach Li Yi., Full Frame: Defying the Odds http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=30847, Interested in a personal drone for $3,000 U.S. dollars? Or an Autobot for $116? Many “smart” toys are on exhibit at an annual toys and games fair in Hong Kong. Find out more on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM in Beijing., Hollande vowed that France will be "merciless in the face of anti-Semitic, anti-Muslims acts, and unrelenting against those who defend and carry out terrorism, notably the jihadists who go to Iraq and Syria.", For survivors, Jan. 12 signifies what they lost and what they still have to rebuild. So far, Haiti has received 80 percent of more than $12.5 billion in promised aid. But it remains a desperately poor country, facing many of the same challenges as before the quake., null, null, A U.S. company has created technology that can tell you how well you run. What other devices are in the works to measure your health and exercise routines? Find out on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., We called a few of the "leaked" phone numbers for US military officials. We got department voice mails., null, BREAKING: See the latest on the hack of USCENTCOM's Twitter and YouTube account:, #BREAKING Update: U.S. Central Command's YouTube account appears to have also been compromised and has now been terminated., #BREAKING: There has been a supposed hacking of U.S. Central Command's Twitter account. More details to follow., "It’s going to provide us an ocean of material.” -- Aviation safety expert John Goglia., Dancer Arturo Garcia inspires us all. This story will rejuvenate you just in time for Monday., The GMO debate continues... Now Maryland farmer Jenny Schmidt finds herself at the forefront., Exclusive: Elian Gonzalez reveals life experiences since returning to Cuba, “Philanthropy is a big word, and people don’t understand, really, what it means. … It means giving back. It means, you don’t really need all the money you have, those of us who are in the West and doing okay." - Gene Simmons, Little Opera program teaches kids through the arts http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=30367, Want to know how KISS rocker Gene Simmons and actress Sophie Tweed-Simmons have used their star power and good fortune to help children in need? Be sure to tune in to CCTV America's Full Frame at 6PM EST to find out!, This 74-year-old author recently got extraordinary access to one of the world’s most notorious groups. He lived with and talked to members of the Islamic State for 10 days and was allowed to interview prisoners and even pose questions directly to ISIL fighters., French police seek slain terror suspect’s widow, Sales of a Peruvian root called “maca” have boomed due to an unprecedented Chinese demand. The root is said to boost fertility, increase energy, and even have an aphrodisiac effect., 5 photos from CES that will make you fear the future: http://www.cctv-america.com/2015/01/09/5-photos-from-ces-that-will-make-you-fear-the-future, Watch some of the most dramatic video of the week at this link., A breakdown of the events this week from  #CharlieHebdo tragedy., Tune in to The Heat tonight for a one-on-one with German author and journalist, Jurgen Todenhofer, who recently spent ten days inside ISIL. 6 p.m. Eastern and 7 a.m. Beijing time., Photos: Day three of hunt for Charlie Hebdo shooters.
http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-day-three-of-hunt-for-charlie-hebdo-hooters, What we know about the two (now dead) suspects in the Charlie Hebdo attack: actually, quite a bit., Check out our real time social media summary of today's hostage situations as they unfolded. Storify, Police official: Suspects in #CharlieHebdo massacre killed, hostage freed.  READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=29998, WATCH Livestream  http://www.cctvamericalive.com
Explosions and gunshots rang out and smoke rose outside a building where two brothers suspected in a newspaper massacre are holed up with a hostage. 
Security forces had surrounded the building for most of the day Friday, cornering the suspects in the killings at the Charlie Hebdo newspaper in Paris this week.

Police SWAT forces could be seen on the roof of the building, A police official says the man who has taken at least five people hostage in a kosher market on the eastern edges of Paris Friday appears linked to the newsroom massacre earlier this week that left 12 people dead.  Hayat Boumeddiene (L) and Amedy Coulibaly (R), are suspected of being involved in the killing of a policewoman in Montrouge on January 8.   READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=30004, BREAKING: the French terror suspects, along with a hostage, are trapped in a printing house. They're surrounded by a convoy as helicopters circle overhead, and have been in phone contact with police. 

A second standoff and reported hostage-taking is also happening at a Paris kosher shop, but it as not immediately clear if the two incidents are related., So for each death and injury Honda failed to report, it was charged $20,243., PHOTO GALLERY: The first underwater images of #AirAsia flight 8501 wreckage have been released by Indonesia's National Search And Rescue Agency (BASARNAS) .  LINK: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-underwater-images-of-airasia-8501, The world’s oceans are littered with plastic. The U.S. recycles just 9 percent of its plastic waste, with most of it done in China and India. Now Beijing is limiting plastic imports. Find out more on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM in Beijing., PHOTO GALLERY: People worldwide rally to show support for Charlie Hebdo and freedom of speech. #CharlieHedbo
LINK: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-global-i-am-charlie-rallies-show-support-for-free-speech, Journalists around the world are reacting to the terrorist attack on French magazine Charlie Hebdo, but perhaps not in the way you would expect.  #CharlieHebdo #JeSuisCharlie, Check our our photo gallery at this link: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-international-ice-and-snow-festival-kicks-off-in-china 

The annual Ice and Snow Festival kicked off in the Chinese city of Harbin, capital of Heilongjiang Province, this week. 

Decades ago, Harbin was a quiet city during winter. Shops closed early at night, and few streetlamps were on. Locals thought winter was a difficult time to endure.

However, gradually, people realized the value of the ice and snow, as a free resource offered by nature.

Then, in 1963, a lantern fair opened at the city's Zhaolin Park. In 1985, the lantern fair evolved into the first Ice and Snow Festival. That was followed by the first ever Ice and Snow World opening in 1999., France’s prime minister, Manuel Valls, said the two suspects in the Charlie Hebdo shootings were known to intelligence services, and the fear that they could carry out another attack “is our main concern.”, People remember the journalists and bystanders killed in today's terror attack at France's Charlie Hebdo publication at a vigil at DC's Newseum., Scenes from a vigil at the Newseum in support of global press freedoms following the deadly attack on Charlie Hebdo that left 12 dead: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=29437, Three suspects in Charlie Hebdo attack named by Associated Press: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=29437, Photo gallery of Charlie Hebdo shooting and aftermath.
http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photo-gallery-charlie-hebdo-shooting-in-paris, “[The bomb] went off among all of them, and they flew through the air,” eyewitness Jamil al-Khaleedi told The Associated Press., This isn't the first time the Charlie Hebdo newspaper has been attacked., Amateur video shows the gunmen at the scene of #CharlieHebdo shooting., Live video from the scene of #CharlieHebdo shooting. Livestream www.cctvamericalive.com, Follow our updates on the deadly attack against a satirical newspaper in Paris., Update: The shooter at Fort Bliss military hospital now dead after killing one person, authorities say: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=29323  (photo from @nc9), BREAKING: Active shooter in a U.S. Army base in Texas reported. Details to come: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=29323 (Photo from NewsChannel 9 in El Paso), Seattle is at the forefront of America’s micro-housing trend, with renters like Roger Valdez living in a 721 sq.ft apartment for $1,350 per month. But the trend has gained even more momentum in Hong Kong. Find out more on Global Business America: 7 p.m. Eastern in the U.S. and 8 a.m. in Beijing., Does your day need more cute and fluffy? Watch this video of #panda cub Bao Bao playing in the snow for the first time and prepare to say "awww!", The laundry list of legislative goals U.S. Republicans have might best be summed up as undoing much of President Barack Obama’s work of the past six years., Your hypnotic video of the day...
http://youtu.be/dNWMfciB7Cw, "We have to adapt or we will lag behind." -- U.S. Vice President Joe Biden. 

Our White House correspondent Jessica Stone is covering the U.S.-Mexico High-Level Economic Dialogue happening today. Here, Biden comments about the Dialogue with Mexico's Secretary of Finance Luis Videgaray.

What would you like to see happen economically between the two countries?, All the progress Brazil made cutting carbon emissions is currently being nullified by deforestation across the country. Find out what Brazil can do to save its land on Global Business America at 7 PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM in Beijing., Hitting the road with this manually-made, battery-powered, wooden car!, Beijing to formally submit 2022 #WinterOlympics bidding report, The size and scope of the sculptures at the annual International Ice and Snow festival in Harbin, China is amazing. Check out our photo gallery at this link:  http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-international-ice-and-snow-festival-kicks-off-in-china, The coffeepot knows you didn't sleep well, so it brews your cup of joe extra strong that morning? Sign us up!, The air quality is improving in Beijing., Dozens of New York City police officers turned their backs on Mayor Bill de Blasio during services Sunday to honor and remember a police officer Wenjian Liu, who was killed while on the job last month. The protest defied a request from the city’s police chief not to use the funeral to protest the mayor., Reports from human rights groups, including Amnesty International, said that Yazidi women are regularly sold to fighters as sex slaves, and are sometimes forced to marry their abusers., A grand landscape portrait from Cuban American urban artist Jorge Rodríguez-Gerada placed temporarily on the National Mall from October 1 through October 31. Jorge joined CCTV America to discuss his project which confronts the concept of identity and celebrates diversity., Chinese movie goers still prefer movies made overseas. Survey finds more many believe Chinese film industry not on par with foreign films: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=28817, Skyscrapers are getting taller and taller in Shanghai: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=28830, Learn how the new GOP-led Congress impact foreign policy: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=28626, Yes, we looked it up. There's such a thing as maid cafe culture... And now you don't have to go to Japan to get it: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=28831, The world's most Internet-addicted country is... Brazil. Are you surprised? http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=28735, The Pacific Bluefin’s risk of extinction could be aided by a process called ‘fish surrogacy’. But this fix relies on the support of the international fishing community, which already has plenty of industry challenges on its plate. Find out more on Global Business America: 7PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing., Hello Kitty, the Japanese cartoon-turned-icon, turned 40 in October. And now the popular character has a new theme park in China. What do you think is the appeal of Hello Kitty?, Timeline of events in stampede from Shanghai city police, municipal government and state media. They claim the throwing of fake dollar bills happened after stampede started., The search for AirAsia Flight 8501 continues. Some of the victims are being identified., While North Americans are busy bundling up, Brazilians are turning to Frescoball and Beach tennis. The only thing better than tropical climates is beach exercise., Robots are changing the way Amazon and the U.S. Postal Service do business. But these technologies present challenges for workers and employers alike. Find out why on Global Business America: 7PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing., Look back on some of the big events of 2014 in our favorite images gallery. Which event stands out for you?, Some video from during the stampede has been released. Along with witness reactions. Watch both at this link: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=28378, Photo gallery: In memoriam of the Shanghai stampede http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-stampede-at-shanghai-new-years-eve-celebration, The death toll has risen to 37 according to officials at a press conference today.  Doctors treating patients say the injuries include traumatic asphyxia, soft tissue damage on limbs and upper-abdominal crush injuries., UPDATE: #Shanghai Police deny that the tragic stampede was caused by “coupon-throwing”, according to video. Other updates about number of injured at this link., Addressing the Shanghai stampede, Chinese President Xi Jinping and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said in a statement just now that authorities should ensure that safety measures are taken in all mass gathering places to ensure people's safety and social stability. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=28181, A Shanghai news organization interviewed eyewitness to the New Year's eve stampede, who said it began when fake promotional money was thrown from the windows of a bar: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=28181, Video shows aftermath of #Shanghai stampede that killed 35, injured 42 at a New Year's Eve celebration. 
http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/12/31/stampede-in-shanghai-during-new-years-celebration, Authorities are still investigating the massive stampede in Shanghai that killed 35 people.  Shanghai's New Year's countdown on Bund was actually cancelled this year due to crowd control issues. 300,000 people went last year creating stresses on transportation and public safety. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=28181, New Year's Eve celebrations began in New Zealand and are making their way around the globe.  What is your New Year's resolution this year? Tell us in the comments below., #BREAKING news. Reports of numerous casualties from a stampede in Shanghai during a NYE celebration., Check our our photo gallery of celebrations of New Year's around the world.  What is your New Year's resolution this year? Tell us in the comments below.  

http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-new-years-eve-celebrations-around-the-world, null, China's top two bullet train makers, China CNR Corp. Ltd. and the CSR Corp. Ltd. will merge into a new company., Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Corp. completed its latest round of equity financing, raising over $1 billion in proceeds with a valuation of more than $45 billion, making it one of the most valuable private technology companies in the world., What news story impacted you the most in 2014? 
Comment below, and we may bring your ideas on air!, China has 394 captive-bred pandas, according to the State Forestry Administration, 32 of which were bred in 2014.

China has been improving panda breeding with a set of triplets born this year, but the group's quality must be improved in 2015.

The triplets were born on July 29 in Guangzhou, capital of south China's Guangdong Province. They are the longest living set of panda triplets in history and the fourth triplets ever recorded. In all previous instances, at least one of the triplets died., NATO-led forces and U.S. military personnel formally ended a 13-year war in Afghanistan on Dec.28, 2014. Here is the timeline of the U.S and NATO’s 13 years in Afghanistan., Indonesian navy has clarified that 3 bodies were recovered, not 40, which was reported earlier by AFP & ChannelNewsAsia. #AirAsia #QZ8501, Developments this morning in the search for missing flight QZ8501. Debris and bodies found according to AirAsia., null, Several nations have joined the search for AirAsia Flight 8501. Find out how the airline industry as a whole will be affected by this latest disappearance, on Global Business America: 7PM Eastern in the U.S. and 8AM in Beijing., What changes do you expect to see in Afghanistan? 

Comment below and we may put your comments in our Your Say segment on air., Greece was forced Monday to call early national elections to address the country's financial concerns., The captain was the last to leave the ferry., “Suspicious” objects in the ocean have been spotted about 700 miles (1,120 kilometers) from where the plane lost contact., On Sunday Beijing residents bid farewell to low price transportation, after the city’s public transportation system adopted a new fare structure with variable fees, nearly double the current prices on average., China will dispatch aircraft and ships to participate in search and rescue efforts for AirAsia Flight QZ8501, the Chinese Ministry of National Defense said Tuesday. A Chinese navy frigate previously patrolling in the South China Sea is en route to the waters near where the plane lost contact. The Chinese air force is also assisting with planning, the ministry on its website said., Months of secret talks result in diplomatic thaw on US-Cuba relations http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=27580, U.S. forces will remain at a handful of bases in Afghanistan to conduct the specialized training. Current plans call for U.S. troop numbers to be reduced by half by the end of next year. By the end of 2016, the expectation is that the only U.S. military presence in Afghanistan will be at the embassy in Kabul., An AirAsia passenger plane carrying 162 people lost contact with Indonesian air traffic control early Sunday.
The search operation for the missing AirAsia Flight QZ8501 has been halted for the night, but big ships won’t return to shore and will leave their searchlights on, according to the Indonesian Transportation Ministry., More expatriates moving to Kampala http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=27470, Massive demand in Asia has driven up the price of the animal horn to around $100,000 a kilogram (2.3 ounces.) Rhino horn is now more valuable than gold or platinum. It is being used for jewelry, carvings and believed medical benefit. 

Check this story out to learn how South African people fight against rhino poaching., Survivors in Tsunami-hit areas on the coast of Thailand recalled the memories of the disaster and mourn their lost loved ones., Friday marks the 10th anniversary of one of the deadliest natural disasters in world history: a tsunami, triggered by a massive earthquake off the Indonesian coast, leaving more than 230,000 people dead in 14 countries and causing about $10 billion in damage. Countries from Indonesia to India to Africa's east coast were hit, leaving shocking scenes of death and destruction.  
LINK TO PHOTO GALLERY: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-remembering-the-tsunami-destruction-10-years-later, Photos: As part of solemn commemorations of the tsunami in 2004 , survivors, government officials, diplomats and families of victims gathered in Indonesia, Thailand, Sri Lanka, India and elsewhere. Moments of silence were held in several spots to mark the exact time the tsunami struck, a moment that united the world in grief.   
PHOTO GALLERY: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-10-years-after-indian-ocean-tsunami, Officials broke ground for Beijing’s new airport today. The airport is designed to handle 72 million passengers, 2,240,000 tons of cargo and mail, and 620,000 flights in 2025., Two high-speed railways linking the southern city of Guangzhou with the southwest city of Guiyang and  the southern city of Nanning started operating today. This reduces the time between Guangzhou and Guiyang by train from 22 hours to 4. http://bit.ly/1wpQcvM, The controversy around 'The Interview' sent moviegoers to independent theaters and YouTube, Google Play, Xbox and Kernel. #TheInterviewMovie, Citigroup to sell Japan retail bank unit to SMBC, CEO Peter B. Eliot says "This decision furthers Citi’s global strategy of focusing our resources where we feel we have a competitive advantage.", What does the queen want for Christmas?, Ugandan police will have to increase their cybersecurity efforts to fight the emerging and continuing cyber threats., Toronto's wealthy gives back for the holiday season., Manuel Yepe and his wife Marta Nunez are communist party members and lifelong supporters of the Cuban revolution. CCTV America’s Michael Voss reports from Havana., Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi is currently in Beijing for an official visit to elevate ties and increase trade between the two nations. On the second day of his trip, al-Sisi met with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang and top legislator Zhang Dejiang. CCTV’s Su Yuting reports from Beijing., It’s been nearly a decade since the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami battered South and Southeast Asia, killing more than 250,000 people. Along Thailand’s coast, 5,000 people were killed in six provinces, including about 2,000 tourists. CCTV’s Tony Cheng reports from Khao Lak in southern Thailand., Jackie Chan expresses shame over son’s drug charge
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=26768, From the search for the missing flight MH370, to the fight against Ebola, the conflict in Ukraine, and the rise of ISIL, it’s been an eventful year. Here’s a roundup of major world news of 2014 from CCTV America’s website, and our Youtube, Twitter, and Facebook pages., Picking the best ugly sweater at CCTV America is tough., UPDATE: Sony is making "The Interview" available online now for streaming $6 to rent.  If you are looking to see "The Interview"  in the U.S. here is a list of theaters showing it starting on the 25th. 

Give us #YourSay Would you go to see or stream "The Interview"?, People all over the world enjoy Santa runs, like this one in China. Have you ever participated?, So this happened at an intersection in China., Family members of slain NYPD officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu speak: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=26144, The Heat considers international plans to fight climate change. CCTV America's Nathan King interviews Chandra Bhushan, Chris Field and Deng Liangchun about the impact of decisions made at the Climate Change conference in Lima., Dalian Wanda Group IPO raises $3.7 billion but finishes it's first day trading 2.6% down., Who needs a golf club when you can play foot golf? Everybody's doing it., Christmas is a time to relax for everyone but Santa. But thanks to the internet and online shopping, the pressure is on to make it a memorable holiday. And with parcel delivery expected to hit fever pitch, families will probably have less time to relax. Learn more about how the USPS is dealing with the overflow of holiday packages on Biz Asia tonight at 7 PM EST and 8 AM Beijing time., Egypt looking more towards China for trade, development http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=26455, It was an extraordinary development that took the Americas and the world by complete surprise. In Cuba, Havana ground to a halt as people in the capital gathered around television sets to watch President Raul Castro announce the historic decision to re-establish relations with the U.S.

Both countries cut diplomatic ties in 1961. After five decades of enduring an acrimonious and tumultuous relationship, the mood in the island nation was festive. “This doesn’t mean that the main issues have been resolved” warned Castro, “the embargo, which has caused enormous human and economic damage to our country, needs to end.”

Correspondent Michael Voss reports on this stunning historic shift from Havana., Did you or your kid have to have that Game Boy? What is your favorite "hot toy" of past holiday seasons? Vote here on our poll., null, Leather and cattle prices are rising and affecting the luxury leather goods  market. Find out how ranchers are benefitting, in a classic story about supply and demand tonight on Biz Asia-America at 7 pm Eastern in the U.S. and 8 am in Beijing., How concerned are you about a possible cyber-war?  
Comment below and you may see your response on air!, New York Police Officers mourn loss of two of their own.  Mayor and police commissioner meet with families of officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu's families.
http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/12/22/two-slain-nypd-officers-remembered, You gotta watch this video. Amazing., The rapprochement was signal that while some structures from the Cold War era remain well into the 21st Century, the world continues to change and evolve.
The momentous occasion brought back memories of the Bay of Pigs invasion, the Cuban missile crisis, and the Elian Gonzalez controversy -- events that have shaped not only the history of the two nations, but also the world., As a member of Barack Obama's first White House communications team, Luis Miranda oversaw relations with Hispanic media and worked on the administration's plans to change the U.S. approach towards Cuba. 

Americas Now anchor Elaine Reyes interviewed Miranda about efforts and challenges in laying the groundwork for normalized relations between the two countries. 

#Cuba #USA  #USCuba
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=25778, Attention Chinese speakers: England is looking for you to suggest new Chinese names for popular British attractions. Sorry, though "Mr. Bean" and "Big Ben" already have Chinese monikers: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=25991, Can you guess what the hottest Chinese words were in 2014? Hint: They're government related: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=25986, Chinese parents really don't want to have babies next year: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=25977, UPDATE: Both NYPD officers shot today in ambush are dead. Police commissioner calls shooting an assassination: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=26030, One NYPD officer dead, second in critical condition after armed man approached their patrol car and opened fire Saturday afternoon in Brookyln: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=26030, Museum shows artifacts from Ferguson protests as part of civil rights exhibit http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=25833, Bet you don't get all 5 correct. Prove us wrong ;), George Clooney on pulling "The Interview:" Sony should "stick it online. Do whatever you can to get this movie out. Not because everybody has to see the movie, but because I'm not going to be told we can't see the movie. That's the most important part." (AP Photo of Clooney with wife Amal Alamuddin by Luca Bruno, File), Obama: Sony "made a mistake" in canceling Christmas release of film "The Interview"  in face of DPRK threats., The Obama administration says it has determined the North Korean government was behind a devastating hacking attack against Sony Pictures Entertainment., Pakistani warplanes and ground forces killed at least 77 militants in a northwestern tribal region near the Afghan border, officials said Friday, days after Taliban fighters killed 148 people — most of them children, in a school massacre., Atlantic City, New Jersey, was once the mecca of gambling on the U.S. east coast, but it has fallen on tough times. Four casinos have closed and a fifth, the Trump Taj Mahal, could be closed by the weekend., Before and After: Macao 1999 vs Macao 2014, Macao’s gaming industry has been an engine of growth for the past 15 years. But growth has stagnated in the last 6 months, raising concerns the city may lose its status as one of the world’s gaming hubs. But the government is now trying to make changes to avoid that fate. Details on Biz Asia America tonight at 7 PM EST and 8 AM Beijing time., What do you think of Sony pulling the movie "The Interview" ?

Comment below and you might see your response on air!, What are Cubans tweeting about the big news? We took a look.

Let us know which others we should include., Scroll through our timeline on the history of U.S.-Cuba relations to learn more about ties between these countries., In November 2010, the American Ballet Theater performed in Cuba for the first time in 50 years, in a high-profile series of cultural exchanges. Watch this CCTV America report on Osiel Gounod, one of the Cuban National Ballet's youngest principal male dancers, with potential to be of the greatest in the world. With improved relations, it's likely more ballet exchanges will take place in the future., Cuban cigars will likely be even more googled now that U.S. and Cuba have reestablished relations. Check out this CCTV America report about the Havana Cigar Festival where aficionados spend more than $1 million for several humidors. 
http://youtu.be/GDT2TNOfTJk, If you missed Alan Gross' press conference after being released from five years of captivity in a Cuban prison, watch it in full here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=25322, Alan Gross on his release from a Cuban prison after five years: 
"It was crucial to my survival knowing I was not forgotten... I ask that you respect my wishes for complete and total privacy. Claro?... It's good to be home." 
Watch live at: http://cctvamericalive.com/, What do you think of the latest reconciliation moves between the US and Cuba? 
Comment below and we may bring your idea on air!, Check out what Beijing wants the world to see., Animals at a China zoo get comfortable for winter http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=25273, ‘RIP Humanity', Watch Livestream of  President Obama's statement on Alan Gross' release and new Cuba policy. http://www.cctvamericalive.com, VIDEO: After 5 years captivity in Cuba, Alan Gross is free, walking on U.S. soil at Joint Base Andrews in Maryland., U.S. Senator Jeff Flake tweeted this photo of Alan Gross together for the first time with his wife Judy before they boarded a plane back to the U.S. 

What do you think of the latest reconciliation moves between the US and Cuba ?  Tell us #YourSay and you might see your comments on air! 

READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=25239, Freed after 5 years in a Cuba prison, Alan Gross is back in the U.S.  We'll have a Livestream of President Obama delivering a statement on Cuba today at 12pm., Northern California’s Silicon Valley is the de facto high-technology hub for the U.S.
Industry giants like Google, Apple and Facebook call it home. But that may change soon.
Find out how the U.S. city of Los Angeles could surpass Silicon Valley. Details on Biz Asia America tonight at 7 PM EST and 8 AM Beijing time., There's one less northern white rhino in the world this week, bringing the entire species' population down to a mere five., When Tai Chi meets basketball, awesomeness ensues., This October, Macao was selected by Lonely Planet as one of the top 10 regions for travel in 2015., Chinese manufacturing output contracted this month is another sign of the slowdown in the world's No. 2 economy., Militants from the Pakistani Taliban have attacked an army-run school in Peshawar, killing 141 people, 132 of them children.
How should Pakistan deal with the Taliban?
Comment #yoursay below, and we will bring some on air!, All the Cute! (And Handsome and Cool, too!) What do you think of the cubs' names?, "I remember being around12 years old when my parents told me that they themselves were undocumented," recalls Idalia Cervantes; "It was a big shock."
It's been a long time coming for people like her and the Cervantes family, who lived their lives in constant fear at the possiblity of being torn apart.
Americas Now correspondent Sean Callebs went to Chicago, home of the fifth largest Hispanic community in the country, to meet some of the people whose lives will be affected by president Barack Obama's Executive Action on #immigration. 
http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/12/14/immigration-reform-for-hispanics-in-the-us-a-long-wait-comes-to-an-end, Miami is one of the most racially diverse cities in the U.S., but it lacks a particular demographic.

Find out how city officials are hoping to attract more Chinese investors on Biz Asia-America at 7 pm EST and 8 am Beijing., #LosMasFuertesRecords
With over 130 homicides per 100,000 residents, Caracas is the deadliest of the world’s capital cities. Among its infamous ‘Barrios’, the large slums that sprawl over its mountainous terrain, perhaps the most notorious is Petare, the largest of them all.

Home to more than 300,000 people, local and national authorities haven’t been able to turn around difficult conditions and on-going violence prevalent on its streets. But there is one young man who is determined to make a change. Armed with his natural leadership skills and a talent for hip-hop, he put together the Strongest One Records, a label that uses rap music as a tool for social change.

His name is Jose Gregorio Herrera, but in Petare everybody calls him Joe, and he is this week’s #GameChanger.
http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/12/14/petare-a-little-hope-for-the-most-dangerous-slum-in-the-world, Today's #yoursay: What can be done to avoid incidents like the cafe siege in Sydney? 
Comment below, and we may bring your ideas on air!, Watch LIVE: Sydney police briefing on the hostage situation., A Chinese court on Monday overturned a guilty verdict for an 18-year-old who was executed in 1996 for a rape and murder he did not commit.
Zhao Jianping, the deputy director of Supreme People’s Court in Hohhot, North China's Inner Mongolia apologized to the teenager’s parents. Police officers responsible for the case are under investigation., President Jose Mujica welcomed Americas Now’s correspondent Joel Richards into his home on the outskirts of Montevideo for a last interview before leaving office. He recalled highlights of his term, discussed the future of the reforms he put forward and reflected on his legacy. 
#Guantanamo #Marihuana #Uruguay
http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/12/14/exclusive-interview-with-uruguayan-president-jose-mujica, An artist explores her identity though portraits
She lives in California and defines herself as a sculptor who creates “sculptural hybrids.”  Currently at the Smithsonian American Art Museum & National Portrait Gallery , “Portraiture Now: Staging the Self” features the work of Carlee Fernandez. 
http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/12/14/an-artist-explores-her-identity-through-portraits, BREAKING: More hostages leave the cafe in Sydney., After six years of announcements, last November U.S. President Barack Obama finally delivered on his campaign promise to Hispanics. Through an Executive Action, over 4 million undocumented immigrants will be able to stay ‘legally’ in the country.

It’s been a long time coming for people like Idalia Cervantes and her family, who lived their lives in constant fear at the possibility of being torn apart. Correspondent Sean Callebs traveled to Chicago, home to the fifth largest Hispanic community in the country to meet some of the people whose lives will be affected by this decision.
#ImmigrationReform
http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/12/14/immigration-reform-for-hispanics-in-the-us-a-long-wait-comes-to-an-end, null, In El Salvador, a country with prevailing conservative traditions, #abortion is illegal under all circumstances. Human rights groups claim this is having alarming repercussions. Hundreds of women have been prosecuted and more than 40 convicted since 1998, when the procedure was constitutionally banned. Americas Now correspondent Michelle Begue filed this report on the human cost of El Salvador´s abortion laws., In El Salvador, abortion  is illegal under all circumstances.  In fact, having a miscarriage can even land you in jail. We take a look at how this is impacting Salvadoran women, this week on America's Now.  Tonight at 6pm EST.  Watch online at www.cctvamericalive.com, null, Watch the video of #RacetheTube in Beijing! 
Pai Hailong, a PE teacher at a private school in Beijing chose Beijing subway line 1 to run from one stop to another. 
Taking 2 minutes and 24 seconds, he ran out of one train, up the stairs to the next station and back down to the platform for a total distance of about 800 meters. The runner perfectly stepped into the same train before it departed the station. Watch the full video here:
http://youtu.be/OYTqNf-oBNw, null, The EU's counter-terrorism chief said Europe has failed to stem the flow of foreign fighters joining ISIL in Iraq and Syria. More than 3000 EU citizens are believed to have joined the terrorist cause., The high-profile, fatal shootings of young, black men by white police officers in the U.S have grabbed the attention of people around the world. It's especially significant for one group of moms, who have lost their sons., Thousands descend on Washington D.C to call attention to recent killings of unarmed black men by white police officers. After reviewing evidence in each case, judicial panels decided not to prosecute the police officers. But demonstrators say they hope lawmakers in the nation’s capital will take action to reform the criminal justice system., Russian government has launched a number of new media operations in recent months. One of the latest is Sputnik, a global media agency that will feature a Chinese service. Sputnik, which was also the name of the world’s first satellite, is designed to add to the Kremlin’s information policy., More than a 100 newlywed Vietnamese brides vanished, after marrying Chinese men in a village of North China’s Hebei Province., Sobrr is a social network that allows people to make temporary friends photos and new friends completely disappear in 24 hours, unless both users choose to maintain contact. It's a trend called "vibing" - a sort of anti-Facebook - that's all about living in the moment., On Friday, the U.S. Senate passed a defense bill that would back an expanded military campaign against ISIL militants, Fast times means fast friends, especially in this age of social media and nano-second attention spans. Find out how one entrepreneur is trying to create an app for people living in the fast lane on Biz Asia America tonight at 7 PM EST and 8 AM Beijing time., Rosemary Anderson High School in Portland, Oregon reported a shooting this afternoon, leaving three wounded and the shooter dead from a self-inflicted gunshot. The shooing is suspected to be gang-related., As Cuba's birth rates decline drastically, the Cuban government is considering financial incentives to encourage women to have more kids., As he prepares to step down after five years as Uruguay's president, Jose Mujica met with Americas Now correspondent Joel Richards at his humble ranch on the outskirts of Montevideo.
Watch the full interview this Sunday at 18.00 EST— 
www.cctvamericalive.com
#Torture #Guantanamo #Marihuana #Inequality #Mujica, In China, She Ziqing remembers his relatives and neighbors who were killed in the Nanjing Massacre. Survivors remember their loved ones today on the 77th anniversary of the massacre., "When the Nanjing carnage unfolded in front of them, [the journalists] immediately took to their pens, though they tried in vain to find a way to send out the reports from the fallen city.", In Sudan, thousands of children got separated from their parents and forced to flee due to civil war. However, one of the ‘Lost Boys of Sudan’ took a very different turn when he learned how to play chess., One of our most popular pieces this week is about a bunch of grown adults dressing up as their favorite characters. 

Do you cosplay?, Why should people care about the #climatechange meeting?　
What progress have the talks made over the past 20 years?
Why do the talks keep breaking down?

Kate Sheppard answers our #OneMoreQuestion, In El Salvador, abortion  is illegal under all circumstances.  In fact, having a miscarriage can even land you in jail. We take a look at how this is impacting Salvadoran women, this week on America's Now.  Sunday at 6pm EST.  Watch online at www.cctvamericalive.com, null, CIA Director John Brennan took questions today about the damning 'Torture Report' released earlier this week by Senate Democrats. 

What, if any, legal charges would you like to see in relation to the CIA torture report? Give us #YourSay and you may see your comments on air!, Watch LIVE NOW: @CIA Director John Brennan answering Qs about the #TortureReport. Livestream  http://www.cctvamericalive.com  Comment below your reaction to what he says., Tune in 1:30 p.m. EST, The police were hopeful that traffic in the area could be resumed before midnight., Today's #Climatechange note: Kyoto Protocol 
According to this agreement, the general target for developed countries was a reduction of their greenhouse gas emissions by about 5% below their 1990 levels by 2012. But that target varies by country, such as 28% for Luxembourg, 12.5% in the U.K., and 8% for the European Union (which it can distribute among its states).
http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/12/02/want-to-know-about-the-big-climate-change-conference-start-here, It’s the holidays and the rush to find a pine tree to commemorate the season is on. But this year ongoing labor problems at some of the busiest ports in the U.S. means families may be spending much more on a Christmas tree. That’s on Biz Asia America tonight.
Tune in at 7 PM EST and 8 AM Beijing time., Smoking kills more than one million Chinese people each year according to the World Health Organization. Now the government is considering a nationwide smoking ban. What do you think?  Comment below., Foday Gallah, an ambulance driver who survived Ebola: “I want to give my blood so a lot of people can be saved. I am going to fight Ebola with all of my might.” 

Do you agree with TIME naming the Ebola heath care workers as “Person of the Year?” If not, who do you think should have won? 

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=24136, It's amazing what nature can do. Check out the beauty of Yellow River waterfall during winter!, Peace is all we need. The Nobel Peace Prize has been called "the world's most prestigious prize". Read more about this year's winner here:, null, ‘Revolutionary’ coal company could help reduce greenhouse gases http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=23991, With so much of a focus on carbon emissions, there is one coal plant in the world that is doing what no other coal plant is doing. Find out more about so-called clean coal tonight on Biz Asia-America at 7 pm Eastern in the US and 8 am Beijing., China’s anti-corruption effort ‘fox hunt’ results in more prosecutions http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=23949, Protesters were outraged about two recent #grandjury decisions not to indict white police officers in the killings of unarmed black men. What exactly is a grand jury and an indictment? This video explains.
http://youtu.be/JzRU66vGG08?list=PLHzrnR4YvIZpTz4ElzE3y2sSZ673bWv0i, China launches another 32 new high-speed rail routes on Dec.10th. The new link cuts the 1780 km (1106 miles) trip between East China's major metropolitan Shanghai and South China's manufacturing hub Guangzhou down to 6 hours and 51 minutes, instead of the 16 hours it previously took. 
Photo: China’s proposed high-speed rail network for 2020, including current lines. China aims to have 125,000 km (77,671 miles) of high-speed rail by the end of 2015. The red lines indicate planned or current routes and the blue lines represent travel time. 
(Image Courtesy of China Pictorial, Xinhua), "...Interrogations of CIA detainees were brutal and far worse than the CIA represented."   Comment below with Your Say on the report into the CIA use of torture. READ MORE:  http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/12/09/list-of-findings-in-senate-cia-torture-report, China Pavilion opened at the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Lima, capital of Peru. Chinese Government and
State of California will hold China-California side event today, and 
WWF China will hold activities naming "Making the Future of Cities Green" tomorrow.
Click here to see more pictures of China Pavilion: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-china-pavilion-opens-at-un-climate-change-conference-in-lima, In response to the #TortureReport, the CIA released a statement: "In carrying out that program, we did not always live up to the high standards that we set for ourselves and that the American people expect of us.", China released more of the #NanjingMassacre archives on Tuesday, days before China's first Nanjing Massacre memorial day on this Saturday. 

A video shot by John G. Magee, an American priest who witnessed the massacre in December, 1937. In the video, Japanese tanks and canons ravage the ancient city, their machine guns spraying against the crowds of civilians. Women were raped, corpses lay on the street, and even children were not spared. Magee filmed many survivors receiving treatment in hospitals with wounds covering their bodies.

Magee’s son donated the film and the camera to the Memorial Hall of the Victims of the Nanjing Massacre by Japanese Invaders in 2002. Click on the link to see more of the video: http://www.saac.gov.cn/zt/2014-12/08/content_76881.htm

http://youtu.be/Uf-zJFTLtxk, Today, Dec. 9, marks the United Nations International Anti-Corruption Day. China has been engaged in a wide-reaching campaign to crack down on corruption since November 2012. 
Unofficial statistics show that nearly 60 officials of provincial and ministerial level or higher have been investigated for corruption or other serious disciplinary violations since then.
Read more on: http://applist.cctvnews.cn/publish/website/data/data/2014/12/09/138221/detail.html, President Barack Obama says "...these techniques did significant damage to America’s standing in the world" Do you agree or disagree? Why?, Watch NOW Livestream  Sen.John McCain comments on Senate #TortureReport  http://www.cctv-america.com, Read a summary of the 20 findings from the Senate CIA torture report here. 
Among the findings: #14: CIA detainees were subjected to coercive interrogation techniques that had not been approved by the Department of Justice or had not been authorized by CIA Headquarters.  
Comment below with Your Say on the report into the CIA use of torture., Watch live now Sen. Feinstein on the Senate floor on #TortureReport @Livestream  http://www.cctvamericalive.com, Read the full report at this link.  Comment below with Your Say on the report into the CIA use of torture., The Chinese gov't is using a website for the public to tip off info on corrupt officials. Do you think it will be effective?  http://www.12388.gov.cn/ztzz/, The UN World Food Programme announced that they're out of money for humanitarian aid to Syrian refugees.

Instead of despairing, Syrians have found ways to help themselves with or without aid from the international community.

Find out how on Biz Asia-America tonight at 7 pm EST in the U.S. and 8 pm in Beijing., Super heroes are popular in South America. Check out the Comic Con in Brazil in this story from Paulo Cabral., New Delhi has banned the private-taxi service Uber after an alleged rape of a passenger by a driver.

How safe do you feel using private taxis? Comment below and you may see your response on air!, China's State Archives Administration just released document from a report by the Japanese military in February 1938, after the Nanjing massacre. Nanjing’s population fell sharply from 1 million to 300,000.
The report talks about the status of refugees and "#comfortwomen", a term coined by the Japanese army to describe the women who were forced into sexual slavery.
Click China's State Archives Administration's website to see the pictures taken by Japanese military (Warning: Graphic images ): http://www.saac.gov.cn/zt/2014-12/05/content_76543_8.htm, Unclear about how the grand jury process works? We have a quick explainer for you from CCTV America's Jim Spellman.  How do you think the process could be improved?, Lu Wei, China's top Internet regulator, toured the campuses of U.S. tech giants Facebook, Apple, and Amazon.
Lu and Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg greeted each other in Mandarin. When Lu noticed a copy of Chinese president Xi Jinping's book, "The Governance of China," in a pile on Zuckerberg's desk, Zuckerberg told him: "I also bought this book for my coworkers; I wanted them to learn about socialism with Chinese characteristics."  READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=23648
Source: http://news.china.com.cn/, A candlelight vigil in Lima marked the opening of the #COP20 summit, the somber mood reflecting the seriousness of what lied ahead. Will this #ClimateChangeConference mark the beginning of the final push to reduce the carbon emissions that threaten future generations? Americas Now's Stephen Gibbs reports from #Peru
http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/12/05/climate-change-conference-focuses-on-cutting-emissions, “We will also work with the community, with government and the technology industry to find more ways to promote safety in transportation, particularly for women – both here in Delhi and throughout India.” – Uber statement, Chinese NGO wants Japan apology for 1937 Nanjing massacre http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=23664, Peru has lost 39 percent of its glaciers due to rising temperatures in the Andes. Deforestation accounts for more than 40 percent of the country’s carbon emissions. As it stands, the Peruvian Amazon is now emitting more carbon dioxide than oxygen.

But there are some encouraging endeavors underway to help reverse that trend. Correspondent Dan Collyns reported this story from Lima. 
#ClimateChange  #IllegalLogging #Peru

http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/12/05/peru-one-of-the-hardest-hit-countries-from-climate-change, Powerful storm sweeps across Philippines, kills 3 http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=23555, During six weeks in 1937, 250,000 to 300,000 Chinese were estimated to have been killed in Nanjing by Japanese army, mostly women and children.
Days before China's first National Memorial Day for #NanjingMassacre Victims, China's National Archives of China released a series of videos., The unfccc, United Nations #ClimateChange Conference, is being held in Lima, Peru. If you want to know more about this meeting and how its outcomes may affect your life, start here to get some of the basic facts and figures. We’ll add more as each day of the conference concludes to keep you up-to-date.
Today's knowledge: #GHG
GHG is the abbreviation for greenhouse gas.
What are greenhouse gases? Click here to read more details: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=22598, Israeli warplanes conduct 2 airstrikes near Damascus: Syrian military http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=23551, Typhoon Hagupit hit land in the central Philippines’ east coast late Saturday local time. Power was lost; No casualties have been reported so far.
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=23504, Nelson Mandela remains a symbol of South Africa’s struggle against racial oppression. He spent 27 years in prison, convicted of sabotage and conspiracy to overthrow the government.
Mandela emerged from prison to lead his country out of decades of apartheid. Those who knew him say one of his greatest gifts was his ability to forgive., In August, Russia banned many western food imports in retaliation for western sanctions on Russia’s finance, defense, and energy sectors over Moscow’s actions in Ukraine., Protestors against police violence in DC gather outside National Portrait Gallery., Zhou Yongkang, 72, is most senior figure to be snared in President Xi Jinping’s anti-corruption crackdown., On the one year anniversary of his death we are remembering the wisdom of Nelson Mandela. Leave your thoughts about Mandiba. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=23245, Did you miss the Orion launch? No worries, you can watch the video here. Share with your friends in case they missed it.  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=23202, How optimistic are you that humans will make it to #Mars?
Comment below and you may see your response on air!, Watch live now: Barack Obama announces Ashton Carter as nominee as Defense Secretary. www.cctvamericalive.com Livestream, How optimistic are you that humans will make it to #Mars?
Comment below and you may see your response on air!, Youtube announced recently that South Korean artist Psy broke their maximum views counter, forcing them to increase it to over 9.2 quintillion or 9,223,372,036,854,775,808. Here's how to say that mouthful in English & Chinese:  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=23032
(reposting to correct a typo), Youtube announced recently that South Korean artist Psy broke their maximum views counter, forcing them to increase it to over 9.2 quintillion or 9,223,372,036,854,775,808. Here's how to say that mouthful in English & Chinese: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=23032, Typhoon Hagupit - Filipino for "smash" - is packing sustained winds of 205 kilometers (127 miles) per hour and gusts of up to 240 kph (149 mph)., Triplets born at a Guangzhou zoo back in August. Now twins to a 14 year old mom.  
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=9080, Ready for a feel-good lovebird story? 

Wisdom, the world's oldest living wild and banded bird, has returned to her life-long mate. He'd been waiting for her at their nest since Nov. 19. (In the photo, she's the one on the left, preening her mate.)

She's a 62-year-old Laysan albatross, and mother to at least 30 chicks -- including one on the way. 

Read more from the USFWS_Pacific Region: http://usfwspacific.tumblr.com/post/103718746864/something-to-be-thankful-for-wisdoms-back 

Photo by: B.Wolfe/USFWS, null, Thousands block traffic in New York City after news that the NY Attorney General won't indict officer in choke hold death., What do you think should be done to fight child poverty?
Comment below and you may see your response on air!, What do yo think about the lack of an indictment in the choking death of a man by a NYPD officer? Leave your comments below and we may use on air.  READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=22932, Have you ever seen people doing Kungfu while pouring a tasty spirit?, The United States' planned mission to #Mars is ready to take a significant step forward about 14 hours from now.
If all goes according to plan, the test flight, #Orion, will one day take humans to Mars. CCTV's John Zarrella is at the Cape Canaveral launch site in Florida., Colombia’s in the midst of a social experiment. The mayor of Bogota wants to create a more egalitarian society, where the line between the rich and poor is blurred. But the 15 million dollar project is unintentionally highlighting a class conflict it was meant to end. Find out more on Biz Asia America at 7 pm Eastern in the U.S. and 8 AM Beijing., U.S.President Barack Obama has become the first president ever to have a 3D-printed portrait. Check out how it was made., Who do you see leading the #space race in the 21st Century?
Comment below and you may see your response on air!
(Picture from left to right: EU’s Philae; India Mars Orbiter; US Orion; China’s Shenzhou-10), Check out NASA's new countdown clock!, Will Takata Comply With U.S. Demand for Nationwide Recall?, See what the always outspoken Ventura has to say about Ferguson. What do you think of his viewpoint?, null, See how one glacier in Peru has changed in just a few decades: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=22518, Human rights groups are demanding a halt to the use of virginity tests for police officers in Indonesia. Abusive virginity tests by police have also been reported in several other countries including Egypt, Libya, Pakistan and Afghanistan., The unfccc, United Nations #ClimateChange Conference, is being held in Lima, Peru. If you want to know more about this meeting and how its outcomes may affect your life, start here to get some of the basic facts and figures. We’ll add more as each day of the conference concludes to keep you up-to-date.

First, some basics: UNFCCC/COP/CMP

UNFCCC: United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change
COP: Conference of the Parties to the UNFCCC
CMP: Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol
Click here to read more details: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=22598, The UK ships thousands of tons of its garbage to Denmark to avoid United Nations’ steep fines for countries who dump their trash in landfills. But besides helping the UK dodge hefty penalties, one Danish town is also turning British garbage into a money spinner. Find out how on Biz Asia tonight at 7 PM EST and 8 AM Beijing time., null, Ready for some koala-ity cute overload? These are photos of the world’s largest koala family outside of Australia. At 50 members -- including two new-borns -- there's plenty of adorable to go around. They debuted Monday in the Chimelong Safari Park in Guangzhou, south China’s Guangdong Province.

(Via our partners at CCTVNews: https://www.facebook.com/cctvnewschina/posts/875578995816255 ), NASA will test new Orion spacecraft on Thursday, even as it's budget dwindles to half a percent of the total U.S. budget.
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=22488, Taiwan‘s leader Ma Ying-Jeou will step down as the party chairman after a heavy defeat in local elections., China’s first Hello Kitty theme park to open in Jan. 2015

With construction completed, China’s first Hello Kitty theme park is set to open in the city of Huzhou, Zhejiang Province, in January 2015. 

Once it opens, it will be the first Hello Kitty theme park to be operational outside Japan.

The 1.6-square-kilometer park has been built at a cost of nearly of 2 billion yuan (approx. $326 million) and took three years to construct. The management expects over a million people to visit each year.
Download CCTVNews APP to see more: http://web.cctvnews.cn/appdownload.html, Elliot Kotek, co-founder of Not Impossible, joined Mike Walter in Los Angeles to discuss creating access for people in difficult situations through “technology for humanity.”, You can download CCTVNews APP now on your phone and tablet!
Download for IOS:
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/cctvnews-app/id922456579?l=zh&ls=1&mt=8

Download for Android:
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.imib.cctv, Protests and strikes were staged across India in a show of solidarity with the victims. Survivors of the tragedy say their plight has been long ignored, and nearly three decades later justice has still not been served., 1.2 million Americans live with HIV; Many find hope in new treatments http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=22239, Egyptians protest after court decision absolves former President Mubarak http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=22270, What kind of deal if any do you expect  from the U.N. climate change summit in Peru?

Comment below and you may see your response on air!, Our White House correspondent Jessica Stone snapped this picture of the first family's residence decorated with a large red ribbon for World AIDS day. She's there to get the administration's response to the situation in #Ferguson. Tune in at 8 p.m. EST for the latest from Jessica., More that 6,000 people have now become victim to the Ebola outbreak., AIDS by the numbers: Using information from UNAIDS, the U.S. CDC and China's CDC, we broke down some key points in the fight against HIV/AIDS., Saving time and tying the knot: Brazilians have figured out a way to avoid the hassles of the wedding season. Find out how on Biz Asia-America tonight at 7 p.m. EST and 8 a.m. BJT., A college senior in China made all these full-size superhero costumes! He also plans to make clothes for all the major characters in the movie so that he can wear them with his friends when they all watch The Avengers 2 next year., When asked how long she would keep advocating on behalf of those living with HIV/AIDS, the Chinese First Lady said, “I will keep doing it for as long as I can keep making a difference.”, null, Today's Your Say: How confident are you about a cure for AIDS being found in your lifetime?  

Comment with your thoughts and you may see your response on air!, Think your job odds are bad? Roughly 1.4 million people applied for 22,200 vacancies., “I want them to look at that painting without even knowing it was a disabled painter painting that." - artist Tommy Hollenstein, null, It is true that these houses are floatable, and they are made to adapt to climate change., “We gypsies carry the music in our blood. You just grab a guitar, people start clapping, and we’re off singing a rumba catalana or I’ll belt out a bolero or two.”- Moncho, the Catalonian gypsy, king of Bolero., “Sooner or later it will fall but we’ll keep on mining all the same.”-  Miner Jorge Palomino, “I’ve seen over and over again, people use their voices and advocate for policies that then lead to more services than, you know, Bill Gates could ever afford. Never underestimate the power of a few, committed, well-educated people pushing the levers of government to really make a difference.” - Nicholas Kristof, Darren Wilson, Ferguson officer who shot Michael Brown, resigns, It’s not every day you find one of China’s national treasures on display in the U.S. state of Virginia. The imperial throne is just one of 200 rare objects opening up the hidden world of the Forbidden City to a new audience, more than 10,000 kilometers (about 6,200 miles) from its home in Beijing., “There aren’t a lot of people who can play the white guy in a Chinese movie. You know, there are guys who are much better looking than me. There are guys who are better actors. There are guys who have better Chinese, but it’s hard to have a package. So I work a lot.” - Jonathan "Cao Cao" Kos-Read, aka 'the Token White Guy', The judge said the dismissal of the charges did not absolve Mubarak of the corruption and “feebleness” of the latter years of his 29-year rule and praised the 2011 uprising, saying that its goals — freedom, bread and social justice — were legitimate., Welfare changes to ‘significantly’ limit migration from the European Union, were an absolute requirement, according to the U.K.'s prime minister., The Hult Prize challenges entrepreneurs around the world to come up with socially-conscious startups. Find out how some college students are starting businesses that also benefit their communities on Biz Asia America’s special segment, Starting Block. Be sure to tune in at 7PM EST, 8AM BJT., "Love will win.", Tech companies like Google, Facebook and Twitter recently reported that men hold over 80 percent of the jobs in their companies. Now, a big push in Silicon Valley to change that. Companies are trying harder to recruit and hire women. But what’s not being discussed is how women fare once they get into those companies., Some of us drop our mobile phones into a toilet, the pool or have some water-related mishap. Usually accidents like that mean the end of your smartphone. But now a tech-firm claims it has a device that can bring your water-damaged phone back to life., Brazilian football legend Pele's condition is improving, according to a Thursday evening statement from a Sao Paulo hospital., It’s the holiday season, and that means a deluge of new hi-tech gadgets!
While smartphones will be some of the hottest gifts, there are other devices that go beyond novelty. Some can actually save your life.  Learn more about these gadgets on Biz Asia America at 7 pm Eastern in the U.S. and 8 am Beijing., Need a trolley cart? Book it online!, Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has announced  a nationwide anti-crime plan to overhaul the country's police forces, in the wake of the disappearance of 43 students., This Saturday, we’ll explore what the future of philanthropy looks like as we talk to leaders who are fighting inequality in new and innovative ways – and harnessing the powers of technology, celebrity and the written word to do it.
Tune into Full Frame on CCTV America at 6:00 pm ET Saturday to watch., On this Thanksgiving Day in the U.S. we want to ask: What are you thankful for? 

Comment below and you may see your response on air!, Thee-time World Cup winner Pele, who is in a Sao Paulo hospital for treatment for a urinary tract infection, has been moved to a hospital wing where he won't be besieged by as many visitors, his spokesman said on Thursday., R.I.P. acclaimed crime novelist P.D. James., Video shows Cleveland officer shooting 12-year-old Tamir Rice within seconds, Investor Jim Rogers tells CCTV America Russia is a great investment right now: “I am absolutely investing in Russia at the moment…You supposed to buy low and sell high.”
“U.S. is losing an enormous amount of prestige and power.”, When cops go to jail in the U.S., they get shorter sentences by more than a year on average, compared to non-police heading behind bars., Another Presidential Thanksgiving Turkey spared today. Check out our timeline on this story for the history of poultry pardons., Thanksgiving is one of the busiest travel periods of the year in the United States. Travelers will face long lines and delays, but one of the biggest hurdles is getting a good price for an #airplane ticket. 
CCTV America has found that the best time to buy the cheapest #ticket may just surprise you. Watch tonight at Biz Asia America at 7 pm Eastern, 8 am Beijing time., Hong Kong police cleared a key protest site, This year, people in China can participate in the U.S. Black Friday Sales with Alibaba., 5 things that could happen after Ferguson grand jury decision: Dept. of Justice investigations, Brown family civil suit, more police training, and community healing: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=21345, Lesley McSpadden drops rose petals on the blood stains from her 18-year-old son Michael Brown who was shot and killed a police officer in Ferguson, Mo., Aug. 9. READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=20990, Why didn't we think of this? FootGolf uses the hole as the goal. Kicking instead of using clubs. It's much like Frisbee golf except with a soccer ball. Tell us if this game is appealing to you or if you have ever played., Omaze creators Matt Pohlson and Ryan Cummins believe we all deserve the opportunity to live our best life. What actors would they want to portray them in a movie? See their answer in One More Question.  
Learn more about them and Omaze, an online auction platform that allows users the chance to bid on once-in-a-lifetime experiences with celebrities.  Watch Full Frame Saturday at 6pm EST.   More about this week's show here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=21037, This ox had its own "running of the bull" in Jingyan, Sichuan Province. Didn't end well for the ox., 24 miners were killed Wednesday morning when an earthquake caused an explosion at a coal mine in northeast China’s Liaoning province. Another 52 were wounded, said representatives of the state-run Liaoning Fuxin mining company which runs the Hengda Coal Co.
The earthquake occurred at 1:31 a.m. Beijing time, according to the Xinhua News Agency.
The injured miners were sent to nearby hospitals, the company said.
Production at all the mines have been suspended.
Hengda Coal currently has 4,660 employees., Our Your Say Question:

What do you think of the protests across the U.S. over the situation in Ferguson ? 

Comment below and you may see your response on air!, Women entrepreneurs across the globe face many challenges on a daily basis.  But in the United States, it’s even tougher for minority women.

Find out what obstacles they face on Biz Asia America at 7 pm EST in the U.S. & 8 am Beijing., Of all impossible things going on in the world, if you could solve one big problem right now, what would it be? See if your answer matches with co-founder of Not Impossible Elliot Kotek’s. 

Want to see their full segment on Full Frame? Check it out here:
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=21037, China considers national indoor #smoking ban
A proposed ban released by China's State Council would prohibit smoking in indoor public places and “outdoor living spaces” in schools, colleges, hospitals, and fitness venues. Smoking outdoors would be allowed only in designated areas. 
The proposed legislation also bans the sale of cigarettes to minors through vending machines and would eliminate some smoking scenes from movies and TV shows., Read the transcript of Darren Wilson's statement from the grand jury proceedings: http://www.documentcloud.org/documents/1370494-grand-jury-volume-5.html, Correspondent Toby Muse takes us to the desolate plains of Colombia's northern coast for a in-depth look to the plight of the Wayuu. For centuries, salt mining has been a way of life for this indigenous tribe, but a recent battle over the right to their ancestral territory has made profits for the Wayuu paltry.
#Colombia #Drought #AncestralTerritories #Mining #Wayuu
http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/11/23/salt-is-no-longer-the-white-gold-for-colombias-wayuu-nation, Michael Brown's family will speak soon about the grand jury decision. Watch live here when it happens: www.cctvamericalive.com  Livestream Ferguson Missouri Breaking News Alerts, Today's Your Say question:

What do you make of the ruling in the shooting death in Ferguson Missouri ?

Comment below and you may see your responses on air tonight!, Twelve hours after the grand jury ruling, Ferguson surveys damage of the outrage: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=20990, CCTV America's reporter took this video at 11:56 pm ET on the street in #ferguson., A St. Louis County, Mo. police car on fire in Ferguson protests. Also reports of stores looted, molotov cocktails, tear gas, smoke and bean bag pellets. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=20809, Less than an hour after the Ferguson grand jury announcement the St. Louis County police department said on Twitter that they used pepper spray and smoke to break up unruly crowds. They also reported looting and a molotov cocktail thrown at an officer. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=20809, Barack Obama on Ferguson grand jury ruling:  “We are a nation built on the rule of law. We need to accept that this decision was the grand jury's to make... I also appeal to the law enforcement forces in Ferguson to show care and restraint in manning peaceful protests that may occur... 

We need to recognize that the situation in Ferguson speaks to broader challenges that we still face as a nation. The fact is in too many parts of this country a deep districts exists between law enforcement and people of color…"

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=20809, BREAKING: Ferguson Grand Jury does not indict Darren Wilson, a white police officer who shot and killed 18-y-o Michael Brown: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=20809

St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney: [The Grand Jury] "are the only people who have heard and examined every witness and every piece of evidence. They discussed and debated the evidence among themselves before arriving at their collective decision.", Iran nuclear talks extended to June http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=20833, Should #homelessness ever lead to arrest and  does that happen in your country?
According to Sun-Sentinel, on Nov.2 and Nov 5th, a 90-year-old veteran Arnold Abbott and two pastors from two churches in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., were arrested at a park twice for serving meals to the homeless. 
(Photo courtesy of AP, Graphic from National Coalition for the Homeless)
Read More: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=17255, The overall mortality rate for the West Africa #Ebola outbreak is currently 35 percent -- meaning about one in every three people who have contracted the disease died. But that's not the case for health care workers: their mortality rate is 57 percent., CCTV America's Hendrik Sybrandy is in Ferguson covering the expected release of the grand jury's decision whether to indict Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson in the Aug. 9 fatal shooting of Michael Brown. Follow Hendrik on Twitter for the latest @hsybrandy  Watch live at www.cctvamericalive.com, Tango Lovers Company tour creates sensation in US
Americas Now recently went toe-to-toe with these Tango masters as they travelled the Americas on their 2014 tour. Featuring interviews with Alfredo Lerida, the group’s singer and founder, musical director Gustavo Casenave and artistic director and first dancer Marcos Ayala Pagina Oficial…. We take a whirl with South America’s top Tango troupe.
http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/11/23/tango-lovers-tour-creates-sensation-in-us, Our #ferguson Tweetdeck column is non-stop awaiting announcement from grand jury., Today's Your Say question:

What do you make of the decision to continue Iranian nuclear talks until July 1st?

Comment below and you may see your responses on air tonight!, Nine women and one man have come forward claiming they were choked, hit, or sexually harassed by a famous Canadian radio broadcaster., Take a look behind the scenes of this past week's Full Frame! We asked the Harlem Globetrotters what "one thing" their fans didn't know about them. Check out the video! Their answers may surprise you.

Want to see their full segment on Full Frame? Check it out here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=20336, Kelly Towles’ characters are usually inspired by real life incidents, often with people that can only be described as bullies.  He’s been able to channel these experiences and characters into his work for the Human Rights Campaign’s Anti-Bullying Initiative., Watch live: 11:10 announcement. Expected U.S. Department of Defense (DOD)  Secretary Hagel resigning. @Livestream www.cctvamericalive.com, Changing prison life through theater
In Colombia, a young actress has discovered the powerful effect theater can have not only on the country’s prison population, but also in the way society in general regards them. Johana Bahamon is this week's Americas Now #GameChanger.
Teatro Interno, Criminal gangs in Mexico are drilling illegal taps into pipelines to sell oil on the black market. And Mexico’s oil companies are, consequently, losing billions., The eight-time NBA All-Star Yao Mong joined host Mike Walters in Full Frame’s New York City studio to talk about his career, his role in bridging the culture gap between the United States and China, and his work as an animal activist., Graffiti artist Kelly Towles began his street art career as an outlet for his troubled high school life. He started with traditional graffiti, but then started to incorporate characters, developing his own, unique style.

Want to hear more of Towle's story, and see even more of his street art? Be sure to tune in to CCTV America's Full Frame tonight at 6PM EDT!, Witnesses said the gunmen made the bus passengers read from the Koran. Those who couldn’t were shot in the head at point blank range., “Today it’s a concept, but our ambition is by 2017, we’ll have 100 of these on the road in Sweden," - Erik Coelingh, senior tech leader for Volvo., President Obama promised to deliver on immigration reform when he ran for president. However, he has not been able to work out a legislative deal with Congress. Now the president has taken unilateral action on immigration reform., One woman bringing hope into the lives of prisoners in Colombia through theater. Johana Bahamon is our Gamechanger on this week's Americas Now. Watch Sunday at 6pm EST on your mobile or computer at www.cctvamericalive.com, Could you pass the US civics test for citizenship?

Do you know how many voting members there are in the U.S. House of Representatives? Can you describe just one of four amendments to the Constitution about who can vote? These questions and more are all on the U.S. civics test for citizenship. Take our quiz to see how well you would do, and share with us how you did!

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=20370, Did you miss Obama's speech last night announcing his executive action on immigration reform? Read the full text of his speech: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=20257, Why do you think there are fewer women representatives at the United Nations than men?  Comment  #Yoursay below and it may appear on air!, How much is a degree from a top-notch university worth?

For some families, it means the world.That’s why most of them spend thousands of dollars for their kids—even before they’re admitted.

But while some say getting a good education is priceless, soaring college tuitions are making others think twice.

We’ll have more details at 7 PM EST and 8 AM Beijing time on Biz Asia America., Estamos armando el rompecabezas de las historias de inmigrantes que viven en los Estados Unidos, y nos interesa conocer tus vivencias, y las de la gente que te rodea. ¿De qué manera les ha impactado el hecho de ser inmigrantes? ¿Cuáles son los ingredientes necesarios para que estas historias tengan un final feliz? ¿Qué expectativas tienes para el futuro de tus hijos?

Puedes compartir tu experiencia en los comentarios o, si lo prefieres, a través de un mensaje a nuestra bandeja de entrada., Do you live in Europe? 
Do you love pandas?
Then this is the post for you., “We have received assurances … that Pyongyang is ready to resume six-party talks without preconditions." Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told reporters after talks with Kim Jong Un's special envoy Choe Ryong Hae., When you hear the name “Yao Ming”,  you probably think of the 7’6” center of the Houston Rockets. But Yao’s greatest achievements extend beyond his performance on the court. This Satursday, 姚明 Yao Ming will talk to CCTV America on Full Frame at 6:00 pm ET. Watch a sneak peek of the show: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=19829, U.S. President Barack Obama will make his announcement, expected to protect roughly 5 million illegal immigrants from deportation, from the White House at 8 p.m. EST., Watch Mike Nichols accept the 1968 Academy Award for best director for "The Graduate.", 6 feet of snow already, with 3 more in the forecast. How much snow does Buffalo need to remove?, We’re creating a tapestry of American immigration stories. Tell us about your experiences. How has it impacted you? What do you need for you and your family to be successful? What do you hope for your children?

Send us a Facebook message if you’d rather not leave a comment below., Everyone knows China’s Yao Ming. But which countries do you think will have the most impact on the NBA rosters in coming years? Does your answer match with NBA analyst Jared Zwerling’s? See that and what’s coming up Saturday on Full Frame here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=19829, The Heat discusses Chinese, American perspectives on climate change http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=19916, How have you been helped or hurt by the current #immigration policy in your country? Share your #immigrationstories and it may appear on air. Federation for American Immigration Reform  Reform Immigration FOR America, Chocolate fans and addicts may have to fork out more cash to get their fix — and they have the Ebola outbreak in Africa to thank.

While the battle to contain the deadly virus is gaining ground, it’s not enough to assure cocoa producers that they’ll be safe. Find out more on 7 p.m. EST and 8 a.m. Beijing time on Biz Asia America., 8cm! Chinese driver beats tightest parallel parking drift record, In our first show from New York City, Full Frame examines the global phenomenon that is basketball and how “the world’s game” is empowering its players to do more. We talk with 姚明 Yao Ming about his Animal Planet documentary. Cheese Chisholm and Scooter Christensen from The Original Harlem Globetrotters talk about the impact of their outreach programs to youth around the world.  See more of what's coming up on Full Frame this Saturday at this link. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=19829, Elementary students from Tasmania, Australia wrote to Chinese president Xi Jinping--And he wrote back and also visited them after attending the G20 meeting in Australia.Read his letter here in Chinese.

Translated highlights:
One student's letter: "Hi, President Xi. Your [sic] name is Brooke. You [sic] are ten-years old. Welcome to Tasmania. Thanks! Brooke Bremner"

Xi's response to all the letters: "Thanks for your warm invitation to Tasmania, and your recommendations about the unique plants, sights and foods there. I am very delighted to receive your letters and I am really looking forward to visit there.", The  planned death of an American woman, Brittany Maynard, who was suffering from terminal cancer has many questioning euthanasia laws. This week CCTV-America will focus on one country with no such laws as part of our Insight series and we'd like to hear your thoughts. 

Under what circumstances, if any, should people be allowed to choose to die? Share your comments and it may appear on air. 

Euthanasia Anti-Euthanasia, After 85 years and 20,000 games The Original Harlem Globetrotters are still entertaining crowds. Full Frame this Saturday features two of the current members. See what’s coming up here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=19829, Did you know 2.5 billion people in the world don't have access to a proper toilet? #WorldToiletDay is an effort to bring attention to the issue. CCTV America has 5 fast facts to show the magnitude of the problem. Click on the story below to learn more. Water.org also has more details on how you can help., It's wicked cold outside! Cold weather enveloped the entire United States. READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=19801, Missing Honduras beauty queen, sister found dead. READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=19793, Japan PM asks country to vote on his economic policies http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=19575, How many unread #emails do you have in your work inbox?
Can you wade through the pile every day?
Or are you drowning in an electronic deluge?
Find out how to cut the clutter and stop the overload.
That’s on Biz Asia America at 7pm Eastern Time, 8am in Beijing., The U.S. Senate is expected to vote Tuesday whether to approve the Keystone XL pipeline. 
How do you feel about developed countries pushing massive pipeline projects while preaching to other countries to use less oil? 
Give us #YourSay comment below and we may read on air., What many of us take for granted, millions of people around the world are doing without. More than 3.4 million people die each year from unsafe water, poor hygiene and lack of adequate sanitation.  World Toilet Day and Water.org are part of the effort to address the problem., New lyrics: "Where a kiss of love can kill you / And there’s death in every tear.”, Today's You Say Question:

What should be done to prevent foreign fighters from joining ISIL? Comment below and you may see your response on air tonight., Interested in investing in mainland China’s #stock market? Stock connect started Monday. It's a new trading link that allows international investors access to the Hong Kong and Shanghai stock exchanges.  Analysts say this is a major step in China’s roadmap to liberalize its economy., “Dr. Salia was extremely critical when he arrived here, and unfortunately, despite our best efforts, we weren’t able to save him." 

- Dr. Phil Smith, medical director at Nebraska Medical Center, A sculptor for nearly 10 years, Pedro Reyes decided to take the transformative power of art to a new and innovative level, turning weapons into musical instruments., Masked wrestling! Come with CCTV America to the squared circles of Guatemala to enjoy the sights and sounds of these high-flying, acrobatic athletes and the people who love to watch them wrestle., After five decades of fighting and atrocities committed by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (#FARC) and the Colombian government, the sides have come together in Havana, Cuba, to negotiate a peace., U.S. President Barack Obama on Sunday confirmed that Abdul-Rahman Kassig was beheaded by #ISIL. He "was taken from us in an act of pure evil by a terrorist group that the world rightly associates with inhumanity," President Obama said in a statement., A video posted online claims to show that #ISIL militants have killed the captured US aid worker Abdul-Rahman Kassig.

U.S. officials have confirmed the authenticity of the video, which also shows a mass beheading of 18 Syrian troops., As an UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador for Peace and Reconciliation, Whitaker works to prevent young people from becoming part of devastating cycles of violence., International First Ladies got in on the koala fun, too!, Who wants some KOALA-ity cuddling time with these cute, fluffy little creatures? 

Leaders at the G20 summit took a break for a koala photo-op. From the looks of it, Australian Prime Minister Abbott, Russian President Putin, and U.S. President Obama could BEAR-ly contain their excitement!, “It is extremely important that navies understand each other so that when the time comes, we can operate with each other, and we can render the best possible assistance for a given situation.” - Captain Anand Sardesai, Commander of the Indian Task Group for the fourth India, Brazil, South Africa Maritime (IBSAMAR) naval exercise., This week on Starting Block, CCTV America looked at how men continue to dominate Silicon Valley. One woman earned herself the title of "Miss Internet" by using her web-savvy to start successful start-ups and fund other women-led businesses. Learn more about her at 7 PM EST and 8 AM Beijing time on Biz Asia America., Brisbane takes unprecedented security measures for G20 http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=18993, CCTV America's Xia Ruixue encountered a pretty cute native Australian while covering the G20 summit in Brisbane, Australia. More koala-lity videos to come., Today's #Yoursay question: On this world diabetes day, what do you think can be done to reduce diabetes?, No one's quite sure where the extremist group will get the gold, silver, and copper. Instructions from ISIL's treasury department (yes, they apparently have one of those) are "forthcoming.", It's costing you less at the pump lately. What's the lowest you've paid per gallon? We paid $2.84 this morning., Friday is World Diabetes Day, what do you think can be done to reduce #diabetes? Comment below with #YourSay, and we may use your opinion on air!, The global battle against #Ebola continues to rage, with West Africa still struggling with the disease.
Although some parts of the world seem to have contained the virus, some countries like the U.S. are taking extra steps. Find out how on Biz Asia America at 7 PM EST and 8 AM Beijing time., Are you ready for the #holidayseason ? According to the National Retailers Federation, U.S. shoppers will spend an average of $804 on gifts this season, which is 5 percent higher than last year., Today's #yoursay: How well do you think China and the US will meet their new climate control commitments? Comment below and we may bring your idea on air!, "My legs were lying in the floorboard, and my hand was in the passenger seat." An explosion in Iraq left Sgt. Bryan Anderson a triple amputee -- one of the few to survive that kind of injury from the Iraq war. He spoke with The Heat about perseverance, no regrets, PTSD, and when the world feels like it's crashing in on you., China and #Mexico will set up a $2.4 billion investment fund to support infrastructure, mining, and energy projects, Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto said on Thursday after meeting with his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping.
The leaders also agreed to establish a new bilateral cooperation in key areas including finance, trade, investment, infrastructure, energy and hi-tech. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=18687, 3-D printing is a reality. How long before owning a 3-D printer will be common?, How well do you think China and the US will meet their new climate control commitments? Comment #yoursay below and we may bring your idea on air!, From our archives: how micro finance gets loan money to those who would normally be turned down by a bank., The half-billion dollar contract will buy Boston 284 metro trains., We wear #jackets to keep the cold away. But what if that jacket could also keep you from catching a cold as well?
Well, one company claims it’s designed a jacket to do both things. The question is -- Would you pay $248 for it? Find out what this new jacket can do at 7 PM EST and 8 AM Beijing time on Biz Asia America.., View the official gifts that China gave to world leaders and their wives at this year's #APEC meeting. They included a cloisonne vase, clutch purse, pin, silk handkerchief, decorative metal fruit bowl, and a silk scroll painting. Click to see all. Picture Courtesy: Beijing Gongmei Group., Today's Your Say: What’s your take on the successful mission to land on a comet?
Comment below your thoughts may appear on air!, China marks six priorities for new-type of major-country relations with US, Chinese companies hope to win California's LA to SF high-speed rail contract, meanwhile Boston's MBTA signs deal w/ Chinese company for hundreds of new trains. Read more on the Boston story: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=18531 and the California story: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=18296, Chinese President Xi Jinping and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry chat through a translator at the start of a lunch banquet in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. Read more about APEC:  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=18369, "You are supposed to be the pillars of the ASEAN countries. I’m surprised that they are having this kind of mentality.”, U.S. President Barack Obama waves as he boards Air Force One in Beijing Wednesday, after attending the APEC meetings. READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=18233, Philae has landed!, Negotiations on a climate deal between the U.S. and China have been going on for months. What do you think of the agreement between the two countries? Comment with #YourSay below., They showed a special interest in investing in the new Suez Canal and renewable energy -- particularly solar energy projects., In Europe, Canada, and America: veterans remembered., The 6 hour commute from San Francisco and Los Angeles in the U.S. State of California may become a thing of the past. That’s after the state’s legislature approved a plan to build the country’s first high-speed railway. But the technology won’t be homegrown. More details on Biz Asia tonight at 7 pm EST., Bruce Springsteen, Rihanna, Eminem and Metallica are among the headliners for a free concert in Washington D.C., to raise awareness for issues affecting veterans., CCTV America's Toronto correspondent Kristiaan Yeo sent these photos for #RemembranceDay -- Canada's Armistice Day.  

https://twitter.com/ThatsTheLatest/status/532236110869848065/photo/1, While critics say this year's APEC outfit resembles Star Trek, the design is actually a reflection of Chinese design and culture. Here's what it took to create these silken shirts., Chinese President Xi Jinping and U.S. President Barack Obama walked and talked at the Zhongnanhai, once an imperial garden but now serves as the center of power for China’s government. Obama told Xi that the wants to take U.S.-China relations to “a new level”.
Click for more pictures and details., Stand down, Black Friday and Cyber Monday. There's a new shopping day king in town., The online buying fiesta known as Singles' Day in China has seen record sales, with e-commerce giant Alibaba ringing-up sales of $9.34 billion, and counting., An officer from the 3rd U.S. Infantry Regiment adjusts his cover at The Tomb of the Unknowns during Veterans Day observations at Arlington National Cemetery. PHOTO GALLERY: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/photos-veterans-day-2014, Chinese First Lady, Peng Liyuan, invited wives of #APEC economies' leaders to a tour to the Summer Palace on Tuesday.

They took a boat tour in the Kunming Lake in the former imperial resort and now a World Heritage listed by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).

They also watched dancing and Peking Opera performances and visited a folk art exhibition., People are taking time to honor the military on Veterans Day today. Here is a photo gallery of some of the commemorations., Hot air balloons everywhere! Balloons fly over a town during the 18th International Festival of Hot Air Balloons in Alter do Chao in the center of Portugal on November 10 2014., Who do you think did the traditional shirts the best for APEC -- when Canada hosted? Malaysia? China? Vietnam? Click through our slideshow of world leaders in traditional dress of the host country, and let us know who you think had the best style., Hear from the man who is willing to go to jail for doing his job., Today's #Yoursay: What did you think of this year’s traditional #APEC shirts ?, The results are in: more than 80 percent of Catalans are in favor of seceding from Spain., "The cease-fire has been dead for a while. This is really the fifth or sixth nail in the coffin.", The photo was taken Sunday by the service module at a point 540,000 km (335,540 miles) from Earth and 920,000 km (571,661 miles) from the moon after it was separated from the return capsule of China’s test lunar orbiter on Nov. 1, ending its eight-day mission.
Click to enlarge. Picture Courtesy: China's State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense., How do you think these world leaders look in Chinese traditional garb?

Leaders from 21 member economies of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (#APEC) wearing Chinese traditional costumes took  "family photos" on Monday. 
Posing together in the traditional costumes of the host nation is an APEC tradition since 1993, when the US handed out bomber jackets for leaders to wear in the commemorative group photo., Spectacular! Fireworks lighted up the Bird's Nest, China's National Stadium and Water Cube, the National Aquatics Center on Monday night, as part of activities during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (#APEC) summit in Beijing, China., Do you think they will all post to their Facebook? World leaders at APEC posed for the traditional group photo today., “The hardest thing is having 26 kids looking at you. Because they’re not understanding [you].", “We want China to do well,” said President Barack Obama. “We compete for business, but we also seek to cooperate on a broad range of challenges and shared opportunities.”, You may know Kristin Davis from her years on Sex in the City. But did you know she is also a global activist working on solutions to global poverty,human rights and animal rights? Watch our Full Frame interview with Kristin at this link., New York Times journalist James Risen says the Obama administration is the biggest threat to freedom of the press in a generation. Watch the entire interview with CCTV America's Anand Naidoo on The Heat, Monday at 6 p.m. EST, 7 p.m. Beijing time.

http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/11/08/one-more-question-for-james-risen-is-the-obama-administration-a-threat-to-freedom-of-the-press, Soprano Corinne Winters wows audiences on and off stage http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=17726, Americas Now Game Changer Rosa Poveda builds urban farm and school in Bogota http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=17778, Chile’s Antarctic military base has extreme southern exposure http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=17734, China will provide $40 billion "Silk Road Fund" to promote the infrastructure building, institutional improvements, and people to people exchanges of the "Silk Road Countries"., null, "We view China as one of the most important relationships that the United States has in the world. Because of China’s size, because of the integration of our economies, because of the importance of our ability to cooperate on global issues and to deal with issues of regional and global security... We view China as a country with whom we would like to work to the greatest extent possible where our interests converge. Where we differ, and there will  inevitably be areas of difference, we think it’s important that we manage those differences carefully, responsibly and openly." - Ambassador Susan Rice, Actress-turned-activist Tippi Hedren works to educate the public about the dangers of the private ownership of wild animals. She has also introduced legislation, on the state and federal levels, which aims to criminalize the trade and breeding of exotic animals in the United States., See what former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger has to say about improving the relationship between the U.S. and China. Watch his extended interview with CCTV's Wang Guan at this link and then comment on Kissinger's viewpoints., Twenty-five years ago, Germany was made one country again. While East and West Germany no longer exist as distinct political entities, an economic divide still exists between the two. Parts of the country that used to be considered East Germany remain underdeveloped and still struggle to grow. Learn more about this divide on Biz Asia America at 7PM EST and 8AM BJT!, Answer our Your Say Question: What would you say if you were in the #APEC room with world leaders? Comment below your thoughts may appear on air!, There's more to the headline 5.8 percent unemployment -- like how many Americans have been discouraged out of looking for work and aren't even counted as unemployed. Check out our slideshow to see a visualization of how it all breaks down., Answer our Your Say Question: What would you say if you were in the #APEC room with world leaders? Comment below your thoughts may appear on air!, It's considered a battle for superhero supremacy, especially when it comes to the global box office. Walt Disney Studios has made billions of dollars thanks to its staple of Marvel comics’ super do-gooders.

However, it’s also facing stiff competition from rival movie studios that have just as much financial firepower with some Marvel franchises. CCTV America will have more on the global war for moviegoers’ wallets on Biz Asia tonight at 7PM EST and 8AM BJT., Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has set off on a five-day official visit to China. With a mission for trade and investment, he hopes to strengthen the long-standing ties between the two countries. Harper cut short his appearance at the #APEC summit in Beijing to observe Remembrance Day in Canada after the recent attacks on Canadian soldiers in Ottawa., Visitors take photos of the panda triplet cubs in the Chimelong Safari Park in Guangzhou in south China's Guangdong province Wednesday, Nov. 5, 2014. Watch at: https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=686933174735291, Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Secretariat Alan Bollard speaks during a press conference ahead of the APEC Economic Leaders' Week in Beijing, China, Thursday, Nov. 6, 2014. The two-day meeting of 21 countries including the United States, Japan and South Korea is the first major international gathering in China since President Xi Jinping came to power. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/11/05/for-apec-summit-china-orders-up-a-quiet-clean-beijing, Thanks to the free-trade deals signed between #China and #Chile, residents here can soon buy Chilean wine with no tariffs added! And this is simply one of the benefits #APEC has brought to Chinese citizens., From our archives: the controversy over vaccines, and parents who want to keep their children away from them., President Obama said he will not moderate his agenda in any way, but is promising to reach out to Republicans directly and find ways to cooperate., Do you think you should have the right to have incorrect, old, or bad information about yourself removed from the Internet?, What's the best movie made from a Marvel Comic?  Spider-Man? X-Men? Captain America? Vote on our poll at this link., In photos: Reuters captures Typhoon Haiyan's legacy in the Philippines., Colombia’s civil war has dragged on for decades—resulting in countless deaths and destruction of infrastructure. The fighting has impacted economic growth and investment. If the government fails to reach a peace deal with the FARC rebels, the country may have to brace itself for more financial ruin.

We’ll take a closer look at Colombia’s costly war on Biz Asia tonight at 7pm Eastern, 8AM Beijing time., Chinese ambassador to U.S. Cui Tiankai, responds to CCTV America's question about whether the proposed Free Trade Area for the Asia-Pacific will conflict with the U.S.-led Trans-Pacific Partnership, in which China is not a member: http://www.ustr.gov/tpp, Mali is having success in getting out education on Ebola., Panda cuteness! LIKE & SHARE this video of the only surviving giant panda triples on their 100 day birthday., A little extreme? Homeless advocates arrested by Fort Lauderdale police for handing out food to homeless people in a park. Give us your comments below., Answer our Your Say Question: What do you think of the results of the elections in the U.S.? Comment below your thoughts may appear on air!, Kentucky explores alternatives to coal
The U.S. State of Kentucky is trying to find ways to move to a cheaper and a more energy efficient way of producing electricity. It’s the same problem developing countries around the world face: how to..., What do you think of the results of the elections in the U.S. ? Give us #YourSay Comment and your opinion may appear on air!

Find more reporting of U.S. mid-term election on CCTV America
http://www.cctv-america.com/category/route-2014, Our CCTV On the Road: Route 2014 series -- which takes viewers from Chicago to Kentucky to Tennessee -- was also about introducing U.S. elections to China., One of the biggest races Tuesday is for the Kentucky Senate seat.  The election is heavily influenced by the Eastern Kentucky coal industry. In 1950, the industry peaked with roughly 75,000 workers in the state, heading down mines like this one. 

But in the past year, more than 15 percent of coal jobs have been lost — almost all of them in Eastern Kentucky. Protecting coal jobs, with an average annual income about $73,000, is a big voter issue. Tune in to CCTV America as Jessica Stone reports the politics of coal country., Everyone from transportation officials to volunteers are getting Beijing ready for the upcoming #APEC meetings., Colombia is one of Latin America’s fastest growing economies. It’s no wonder why the country is undertaking ambitious infrastructure projects. But one plan is drawing the ire of Colombians, primarily because of its sky-high price tag.  We’ll have more on Bogota’s $7.5 billion metro railway on Biz Asia tonight at 7 PM EST., The 2014 meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, or APEC, will be held in Beijing starting tomorrow.  Here is all you need to know about #APEC., We asked One More Question of our guests, Director of the Carnegie Moscow Center Dmitri Trenin and American University, History Professor Peter Kuznick. What happened to the reset between the U.S. and Russia? Watch more about U.S.-Russia relations tonight on The Heat at 6pm EST. www.cctvamericalive.com, Basically, the mosquitos are infected with a bacteria that kills their own offspring., $9 an hour, $15 an hour, $3 an hour: What Americans think the minimum wage should be., What do Ernest Hemingway and ISIL have in common? (Hint: If you've read "For Whom the Bell Tolls," you may know.), Americans head to the polls, their votes will determine if GOP takes both House & Senate:  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=16971, $4 billion is a lot of cash -- enough to build (and staff and run, according to CNN) 100 Ebola treatment centers in West Africa., Today's your say: In light of the Virgin Galactic crash, what do you think of the idea of space tourism? Give us #YourSay Comment and your opinion may appear on air!, Why working three jobs sometimes isn't enough to make ends meet., "Many people are attracted to want to live under the Sharia, bring their children up under the Sharia, and really, to live under a society where [there isn't] the corruption of man-made law." Anjem Choudary, a well-known Islamic activist from Britain, on why Westerners join extremist Islamic groups like ISIL., This is why East Jerusalem is a big deal., The Sunrise East #Kempinski Hotel near the Yanqi Lake in the Huairou District of Beijing, the latest signature building in the city, is ready to open its doors and host the 2014 APEC Meeting from Nov 5th to 11th.

The hotel, shaped like a sun, stands for "the sun rises from the east". On the side, the view is of a shell meaning "wealth" in Chinese culture.  Check these pictures with a bird view with the hotel and the other buildings of the #APEC meeting zone., "People didn’t wanna resign themselves to the fact that industry was leaving.", Tomorrow's your say: In light of the Virgin Galactic crash, what do you think of the idea of space tourism?  Give us #YourSay Comment and your opinion may appear on air!, Change or die. That was the basic message from a new United Nations report urging the world to cut greenhouse gas emissions. If countries don’t widespread flooding, food shortages and mass extinction of plants and animals will be the norm.  More details on Biz Asia tonight at 7 pm., Egypt, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and Kuwait are discussing the creation of a military pact to take on Islamic militants — with the possibility of a joint force to intervene around the Middle East — The Associated Press, China has developed and successfully tested a highly accurate laser defense system against light drones. 
The machine specially targets small-scale drones flying at low attitude, and is able to shoot down various small aircraft within a two-kilometer (1.25 miles) radius — which it can do in five seconds after locating its target., “It is unfortunate that after the unequivocal and unanimous position last week of the international community opposing construction in Jerusalem at this sensitive time, authorities chose to move forward,” said Edgar Vasquez, a spokesman for the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs at the U.S. State Department. “We continue to engage at the highest levels with the Israeli government to make our position absolutely clear that we view settlement activity as illegitimate and unequivocally oppose unilateral steps that prejudge the future of Jerusalem.”, "I don't want to be that statistic, an African-American who only depends on the government. But when I only make $7.25 an hour, and one check barely covers the rent, where is the light bill coming from?", On Saturday, November 1st, terminally ill 29-year-old Brittany Maynard ended her life as planned at her home in Oregon, one of only five states in the U.S. that has legalized physician assisted suicide.
Today's You Say Question: What do you think about the "right to die" and who should be eligible for it, if anyone? Post your comments below and you may see them live on air tonight!  

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=16707, The CAF said Morocco's football federation should now "clarify its final position" on the tournament by Saturday. Meanwhile, the confederation will talk to other countries willing to host if Morocco doesn't agree to hold the tournament., What do you think of a minimum wage of $9.81 an hour?, After 20 years with a tremor, she says she's in control again of her hands., “This report offers three key messages," said UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. "First, human influence on the climate system is clear and clearly growing. Second, we must act quickly and decisively if we want to avoid increasingly destructive outcomes. Third, we have the means to limit climate change and build a better future.", Haiti continues to grapple with rebuilding, distrust of government, Today, Caldwell Dyson is distinguished as one of the most influential women in the realm of contemporary space science. Even so, she is one of only 57 female astronauts to have traveled into outer space., Be sure to tune-in to Full Frame at 7 PM EDT to hear experts in the field talk about how women can achieve success in STEM. You don't want to miss this!, Bjorn Ilher has formed an alliance with American Arno Michaelis, who is a former white supremacist. Ilher and Michaelis have addressed intelligence agents and social workers in Denmark working to neutralize both radical Islamists and the ultra right .

“We have to do everything we can to battle extremism,” said Ilher., The call center gets about 1,200 calls a day on average and many are now coming from Freetown as cases are on the rise there. However, even in the middle of this crisis, some are not taking the call center seriously., Push for minimum wage influences upcoming election
There’s a growing fight in the U.S. led by President Barack Obama to raise the minimum wage. A handful of states have the issue on the ballot this year, and in others such as Tennessee, there’s a..., Niagara Falls is considered one of the seven wonders of the world.
But that wonder may be giving way to misery if the economy in the area continues to suffer. We’ll have more on why the ages-old tourist favorite could be headed for tough times.
Details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., California Highway Patrol is reporting at least one dead in Virgin Galactic space tourism rocket explosion after taking off on a test flight in Southern California’s Mojave Desert, a witness said Friday.

http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/10/31/one-dead-in-space-tourism-rocket-explosion, The Associated Press is reporting that witnesses saw Virgin Galactic #SpaceShipTwo explode in flight after ignition and crash in the desert. Details to come., $9.81 -- That's the amount that most respondents in a new CCTV America poll said the federal minimum wage should increase to. The current federal minimum wage is $7.25. The poll also found that respondents living in urban areas felt the minimum wage should increase to $10.50, while rural dwellers said it should be $9.

Those polled who lived in Western states proposed the highest minimum wage of $10.90, followed by Northeast residents who proposed $9.80, Midwesterners who proposed $9.60, and Southerners who proposed an average minimum wage of $9.30.

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/10/31/americans-believe-minimum-wage-workers-should-get-a-35-percent-raise, By 2050, four of the top five economies are expected to come from the developing world: China, India, Brazil and Russia. From today’s developed world, only the United States will be among the top five, ranking second to China., The U.S. national average price of gasoline fell 33 cents in October, landing Friday at $3.00, according to AAA, and will soon dip under $3 for the first time in four years., Protesters posed with a police shield outside the parliament in Ouagadougou yesterday as cars and documents burned outside. Hundreds of angry demonstrators in Burkina Faso stormed parliament on October 30 before setting it on fire in protest at plans to change the constitution to allow President Blaise Compaore to extend his 27-year rule. (Photo: AFP/ Issouf Sanogo), This young man in Myanmar applied costume make up ahead of a Halloween party in Yangon in celebration of Halloween. (Photo: AFP/Ye Aung Thu) 

Halloween, a contraction of All Hallows' Eve, is celebrated on the last day of October before All Saints Day. 

How does your culture celebrate All Hallow's Eve? Comment below and let us know!, Today's Your Say: How fair is the minimum wage in your country? Comment below and your response may appear on air!, American debt for cars, consumer goods, education increase as economy cited important election issue
An Associated Press-GfK poll conducted in September and released today found that 91 percent of more than 1,600 adults polled viewed the economy as..., Growing gap between rich and poor could influence midterm elections
In the United States, the gap between rich and poor is the highest it has been since 1928. This gap is painfully obvious in a state like Arkansas. CCTV America’s Sean Callebs visited..., Give us #Yoursay comment: How fair is  the minimum wage in your country?  Comment below and your response may appear on air!, Burkina Faso's leader declared a state of emergency, #Gamers, here's your chance to cash on your addiction:
Robert Morris University in Chicago is teaming up with sponsors to offer scholarships to train the gaming world’s best of the best. More details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 Pm., Calling Elon Musk:
Liu Fulong, 48, drives a  #wooden homemade electric #vehicle in Northeasten China’s Shenyang in Liaoning Province. Liu spent three months and nearly 10,000 yuan ($1,630) making the vehicle. The car can run 20 kilometers on a single battery charge, and run up to 30 kilometers an hour.
Picture Courtesy:  ChinaFotoPress, Apple CEO Tim Cook writes: “I consider being #gay among the greatest gifts God has given me.”

Read more about his essay: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/10/30/apple-ceo-tim-cook-im-proud-to-be-gay …, Allen Gibson is a life-long Democrat, but will be voting for Republican Mitch McConnell in the midterms. Find out why:, Thousands have marched in protest of Hungary’s proposed plans to tax Internet access. 
What do you think about taxing the internet? Comment with #YourSay down below and your thoughts may appear on air. Would you pay an internet tax for your use?

READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/10/30/thousands-protest-planned-internet-tax-in-hungary, Apple CEO Tim Cook: ‘I’m proud to be gay’ http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=15951, Missouri residents weigh in on US foreign policy
American service members have reported mixed emotions as the last of the coalition bases in Afghanistan are handed over Afghan military. The last two bases, one American, and one British, were turned..., null, Brave? Romantic? Or crazy? 
This couple was spotted posing and dangling from a 20-meter-high #cliff in Jinhua city, east China’s #Zhejiang Province, as part of their official wedding pictures.

The groom is reportedly a #climbing enthusiast and the couple wore protective devices.

Photo Courtesy: Fang Sheng/CFP, CCTV America's Anand Naidoo asks journalist Chris Woods about whether the U.S. drone strikes have served a purpose. Watch his response: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/10/29/one-more-question-for-chris-woods-have-u-s-drone-strikes-served-a-purpose 

For the full interview on CCTV America's The Heat, tune in tonight at 7 p.m. EDT and 7 a.m. Beijing time., Who’s winning the current space race ? Give us #YourSay Comment and your opinion may appear on air!, You probably saw (or heard about) the debate on Real Time with Bill Maher with Sam Harris and Ben Affleck that went viral -- can Muslims be painted with a broad brush because of violence by extremists, or is it unfair to discount the billion-plus others who aren't? 

With the recent terror attacks in Canada, The Heat interviewed Raheel Raza, a Muslim-Canadian journalist and author, who says yes, it is extremely fair. 

"We have a huge problem in the Muslim world. There are mosques where the sermons are full of hate for the other, for the very country we live in," she said.  "So why should we be surprised when converts to Islam are taking this [hate] in their own hands, and the end result is violence?", Our Route 2014 coverage continues looking at the role Obamacare may have on the midterm elections. Watch Sean Callebs' report from St. Louis. See all our coverage on Tumblr: http://cctvontheroad.tumblr.com/, Look at these amazing photos: China’s lunar test spacecraft Chang’e-5 T1 takes incredible pictures!  
1.A unique view of the Moon and distant Earth from the test flight. 
2.A closeup of Mare Marginis, a lunar sea that lies on the very edge of the lunar nearside. 
3.A view of Earth on October 24, 2014, from the Chinese Chang’e-5 T1 spacecraft., Our Reporter Kristiaan Yeo was at Nathan Cirillo's memorial service. For more on Canada's reaction to last week's events visit:

Thousands mourn murder of Canadian soldier Nathan Cirillo: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=15591

The Heat discusses Canada’s response to recent terror attacks: 
http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/10/28/the-heat-discusses-canadas-response-to-recent-terror-attacks, Canada mourns loss of Nathan Cirillo who was giving full military honors by his regiment. 

Prime Minister Stephen Harper said:  “These monuments remind us that freedom is never free. It has been earned by the soldier and donated to all of us."

http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=15591, Antares Rocket explodes moments after launch, CCTV America’s Sean Callebs traveled to Nashville, Tennessee to explore how this city is booming due to the city’s music industry as well as a broad financial base that includes healthcare, higher education, and distribution., BREAKING NEWS: NASA's unmanned #Antares rocket blew up immediately after lift-off in Wallops Island, Virginia.
The rocket was carrying thousands of cargo headed to the international space station., This week Full Frame will explore factors preventing girls from pursuing male-dominated careers http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=15601, There are two things candidates in Chicago could almost always count on in November – cold weather and a strong democratic showing from the #Latino community. But Hispanic voters in the U.S. are angry, and frustrated with what they say are broken promises from President Obama to reform immigration laws. 
CCTV’s Sean Callebs begins his Route 2014 series with a look at the hot-button issue of #immigration reform., Guess what job pays $140,000 a year—even after expenses. If you said investment banker or doctor or even engineer, you’d be wrong. Find out more about the job that requires you to hang out with some very cute animals and getting paid a lot of money. More details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., The Communist Party of China (CPC) released a document detailing its efforts to comprehensively advance the rule of law, including giving judges more independence from interference by local officials, and strengthening the implementation of the Constitution., We sent a crew on the road through middle America to talk with folks about the issues facing the U.S. Watch Sean Callebs' report from Chicago as he talks with people about immigration reform. 
Follow all this week on http://cctvontheroad.tumblr.com/, Today's #Yoursay: How concerned are you about Ebola hitting Asia? Comment below and your response may appear on air!
More #Ebola interactive reporting: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=14505, Tomorrow's #Yoursay: How concerned are you about Ebola hitting Asia? Comment below and your response may appear on air!
More #Ebola interactive reporting: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=14505, The U.S. economy has been on the comeback trail in the past few months.
The job and stock markets are on the rebound as well. 
But while most regions are basing their recovery on industries like services and manufacturing, one city is taking a different tact. Find out how #Nashville is leaning on its music industry to turn its fortunes around. That’s on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., Women and girls abducted by the Islamist group Boko Haram are forced to marry, convert, and endure physical and psychological abuse, forced labor and rape in captivity., Everything you need to know about Ebola in seven interactive charts., China’s newly-crowned World Cup winner Zhang Jike was fined his entire prize money of $45,000 after destroying two advertising boards while celebrating victory in Sunday’s final. Watch the video here: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=15376, Can you run on water? This Kung Fu monk can!

The Shaolin monk Shi Liliang from South China's Quanzhou, Fujian Province who specialized in martial arts performed one of his stunning feats: running 118 meters straight on floating wooden boards on the water. 

The move bears a striking resemblance to the traditional Chinese Kung Fu skill Qinggong, a gravity-defying technique which allows Kung Fu masters to glide on water surface or scale high walls.

Read More: http://www.cctvnews.cn/2014/10/27/shaolin-monk-has-the-ability-to-run-on-water/, What do you think of health workers being forcibly quarantined? Give us Your Say comment below and we may use on-air., Uruguay's former president Tabare Vazquez hopes to return to the office. His administration ran from 2005 to 2010. “Today we have a different Uruguay, one in which people are happier, more trusting and more hopeful,” Vazquez said., “If it’s substantially equivalent to what we already consume in the food-supply system, then it’s safe, and the research has supported that.", Favela Surf Club aids poor children in Rio though surfing http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=14770, Indigenous groups fight Illegal logging in Peru http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=14762, Dilma Rousseff re-elected president of Brazil, The opinion polls suggested this could well be a close race., BREAKING NEWS: South Africa's football captain Senzo Meyiwa dies after being shot, South African Police Service (SAPS Official Page)confirmed on twitter., Chinese pianist Lang Lang and Sting celebrate UN Day with music http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=15131, Millions around the world watched in April of 2000 as armed U.S. federal agents stormed a Miami house to take Elian Gonzalez away from his relatives and return him to his father in Cuba.

Gonzalez is now 20 years old. In a rare and exclusive interview, he told CCTV America about his memories of those fateful days in Miami. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=15073, According to the Datafolha polling group, 54 percent of voters with only a basic education prefer Rousseff while only 34 percent prefer Neves. The numbers nearly flip when looking at the most highly-educated voters. The poll found that among the highly-educated, 54 percent prefer Neves, while only 36 percent prefer Rousseff., Peru’s Amazon rainforest is under threat. If illegal logging continues unimpeded, it may soon disappear. But with the illicit industry raking in hundreds of millions of dollars, the government is finding it hard to stop illegal loggers. We’ll have more on the country’s efforts to keep the rainforest from disappearing. More details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., Gunman and one victim dead in Marysville, WA shooting: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/10/24/shooting-reported-at-a-high-school-near-seattle, Police have responded to a high school north of Seattle following reports of a shooting., Seattle: A reported shooting Friday morning at Marysville-Pilchuck High School has the school in lockdown. Police have not released information, but there are reports of as many as six people injured., Nurse Nina Pham spoke today after she was released from the hospital, declared free of Ebola. Watch video of her entire statement here.  And give us #YourSay: Are you surprised by the number of healthcare workers contracting Ebola? 
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=14754, Friday's Your Say question: Are you surprised by the number of healthcare workers contracting Ebola? Nina Pham, the first nurse diagnosed with Ebola in the U.S. after caring for an infected patient, has been declared “virus free. 

Post your response and it may appear on air!, Tomorrow's Your Say Q: Are you surprised by the number of  healthcare workers contracting Ebola?

Post your response and it may appear on air!, Ebola cases reported in New York City and Mali http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=14623, Judge deliberates on whether UN can be sued by Haitian groups for cholera epidemic http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=14678, It's the  'sick man' of Europe no longer. After years of struggling with a brutal recession, Ireland is on the comeback trail and defying the Eurozone’s downward economic spiral. Find out how the country turned itself around on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EDT., How do pandas take medicine? Apparently with a great deal of effort from the zookeeper. Not only because they refuse to open their mouth, but also because it’s hard to be heavy handed in the face of such adorableness., The fourth plenary session of the 18th Communist Party of China (#CPC) Central Committee announced a communique after its closing on Thursday.
The session was devoted to the central theme of “rule of law” for the first time in history of Party meetings., What's more attractive: panda butterfly, pearlscales, ranchus, or any of the many other breeds of goldfish?

Thousands vied for top fin in a goldfish beauty contest in Southeast China's Fujian Province. 

Read about it at CCTV America: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/10/23/these-beauty-contestants-dont-need-swimsuits, Despite attempts to restrict it, illegal logging plagues Peru’s vast Amazon rainforest.
The World Bank estimates as much as 80 percent of Peru’s logging is illegal. Can there be a solution?This week on America’s Now, Sunday at 7pm EDT., CCTV America's Nitza Soledad Perez explains the new stricter guidelines for flights between the United States and Ebola-affected countries in 13 seconds., The Chinese Communist Party is embarking on an unconventional strategy to build public confidence in the rule of law by strengthening the power of party’s investigative agency and conducting legal reform, including simplifying trial procedures, and removing administrative interference in the legal system., WATCH LIVE: Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper to make a statement about the Ottawa shooter. http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream.html, The U.S. #patent market has grown by leaps and bounds in recent years. But it’s mostly foreign inventors accounting for most of those patents.
Find out why having an American stamp of approval matters a lot.
That’s on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., UPDATE: Canadian police confirm the soldier shot at the Ottawa war memorial  has died., Watch @Livestream of #ottowashooting news conference www.cctvamericalive.com. Starting soon., One gunman is dead, and one is believed to be at large. All three sites — the war memorial, Parliament and the mall — are within less than a mile from each other., Pretty amazing video. Watch and share this footage of huge waterspouts in China., Suspected terror attack kills soldier in Canada http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=14453, Tomorrow's #Yoursay: How concerned are you about #ISIL inspired terrorism in your country? 
Comment below and your response may appear on air!, Former Washington Post editor Ben Bradlee, who oversaw coverage of Watergate, has died. (via Washington Post)

http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/ben-bradlee-legendary-washington-post-editor-dies-at-93/2014/10/21/3e4cc1fc-c59c-11df-8dce-7a7dc354d1b1_story.html …, U.S. Department of Homeland Security requires travelers from #Ebola outbreak countries in West Africa to arrive at five airports.
Specifically, beginning on Wednesday, any passengers arriving in the United States who started their travel in Liberia, Sierra Leone or Guinea will be required to fly into airports in JFK International Airport in New York, Newark International Airport in New Jersey, Dulles International Airport outside Washington, Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport in Atlanta or O’Hare Internal Airport in Chicago., Warning to more that 4.7 million people to get air bags in their cars fixed. Do you own one of the model cars? Check the list here. Worldwide about 12 million vehicles have been recalled because of the problem., The war has left Ukrainians with limited access to basic supplies, leaving them to fear that despite surviving the fighting they'll die from the cold., Today’s Your Say Question: What do you think of the handling of the protests in Hong Kong? 

Comment below and your response may appear on air!, A key meeting of Chinese Communist Party leaders focusing on the rule of law and fighting corruption has begun in Beijing., #Tourism is one of Latin America’s vital growth engines.
But one country is lagging behind its peers—especially when it comes wooing travelers.
And it has something to do with its airports. Find out more details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., The 4th plenary session of the 18th #CPC Central Committee is billed as a milestone in China’s political reforms and progress, as it will be devoted to the central theme of “rule of law” for the first time in the Party’s history. Check this Infographic for more facts about the meeting. via CCTVNews twitter: https://twitter.com/cctvnews/status/524205227377819650/photo/1, With 18,500 visits to 894 contacts, health workers tracked the progress of all who had come in contact with the disease. In the end, Nigeria suffered 20 cases of Ebola and eight deaths, including two doctors and a nurse., Six months ago, Matt Goss lost his mother, Carol, to breast cancer. Goss is now committed to bringing attention to the disease all over the world. He’s donating the sales from his new hit ‘Strong’ to fight the cancer., Today’s Your Say Question: Is the world making enough progress in the battle against Ebola ?

Comment below and your response may appear on air!, In what could be a major breakthrough, Hong Kong Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying announced that he’d be willing to talk with protesters in the coming week. Some protesters say it’s a sign of progress, but they aren’t hoping for a compromise any time soon. CCTV America’s Li Jiejun reports., Do you see the face?, The band has now grown into a 50-person collective with members focusing on different responsibilities, but all work to use recycled goods., Tune in NOW to Full Frame on CCTV America to learn about how women are making strides in the workplace., Central Liberia is home to an Ebola treatment unit. It's run by the NGO International Medical Corps and funded by the United States. Thirty-two year old nurse Audrey Rangel arrived 6 weeks ago., With more than eight million views, Brittany Maynard is now a YouTube phenomenon. Unlike most people, she knows when she will die: November 1st. She knows the date because she’s picked out the date herself., Greg Sewitz and Gabi Lewis are founders of Exo, a new startup company that makes protein bars with cricket flour. In addition to raw, natural ingredients such as dates, almond butter, cacao and coconut, Exo’s protein bars have 10 grams of protein, sourced exclusively from crickets., Apple launches iPhone 6 in China http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=14166, Germany is the latest European country to offer free higher education to its students after the last German state changed its policies of charging tuition. And it’s not just free for Germans. International students can also enroll in state-run German universities for free. For more on Germany’s free education policies , please watch today's the Heat., Some progress made in Russia-Ukraine talks at Asia-Europe Summit http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=14164, Usually when you think of organic or natural food, products like non-GMO vegetables or free range chickens come to mind. But one start-up is turning that model on its head by introducing a new kind of protein bar: one that may have you thinking twice before eating it.  Get more details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EDT., Today's Your Say Question: What do you think about imposing a travel ban to stop the spread of Ebola? 

Comment and your response may appear on air!, For decades, Rio de Janeiro’s favelas, or shantytowns, couldn't be found on city maps. But a new project between tech-giant Google and a local nonprofit is changing that., The battles are still ongoing in eastern Ukraine despite a declared cease-fire, and women have been taking up arms and joining the fight., Coalition air raids have slowed Islamic State terrorists in the Syrian town of Kobane, and now Syrian Kurds have said they need more weapons and troops to keep up the fight. Many Kurds who escaped to Turkey want to go back to Syria to help., A Chinese paper-making company has reached a deal to bring its first manufacturing plant to the East Coast of the United States., Apple unveiled a thinner iPad Thursday with a faster processor and a better camera as it tries to drive excitement for tablets amid slowing demand., null, In three rounds of voting the United Nations General Assembly elected Angola, Malaysia, New Zealand, Spain and Venezuela to serve as non-permanent members on the Security Council for two-year terms beginning on 1 January 2015., Tomorrow's Your Say Question: What do you think about imposing a travel ban to stop the spread of Ebola? 
Comment and your views may appear on air!, What happens when you combine discarded corn stalks and straw from harvested wheat? A potential money maker for the U.S. state of Virginia. That’s all thanks to a technology developed in China’s Shandong province. More details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., Today's Your Say Q: Are you concerned about a widespread 
epi­dem­ic of Ebo­la in the US? Comment and your views may appear on air!, Worldwide mobile payments are expected to surpass $1 trillion by 2017., For the third time in six years, Gaza begins rebuilding after war., The world's first all-rubber sensor can bend -- meaning it can measure twisting, turning, and the wearer's range of motion., CCTV America's Anand Naidoo asks Oliver Stone and Peter Kuznick One More Question about their thoughts on a Hillary Clinton presidency. Their response may surprise you.

http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/10/15/one-more-question-for-oliver-stone-thoughts-about-a-hillary-clinton-presidency, All polls show President Dilma Rousseff and opposition contender Aécio Neves in a dead heat., Last month Delta -- Zimbabwe's largest listed company -- slashed prices on some of its brands to stimulate consumption, a strategy that other fast-moving consumer goods producers have adopted to help endure a liquidity shortage that has pushed the economy into deflation., The top three reasons for this optimism, according to investors? 
1. Belief in the market system and capitalism, 
2. Confidence in the U.S. government, 
3. Satisfaction with their own investment portfolios., Oliver Stone discusses US foreign policy and war on The Heat http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=13997, Clashes between stone throwing Palestinian protesters and armed Israeli police erupt for a third straight day in East Jerusalem. The violence comes as Muslim worshipers protest a move to bar them from Islam's third holiest site, Al Aqsa Mosque., #Greenpeace is taking aim at #Shell.
The conservationist group is using the oil giant’s marketing partners to highlight its damaging practices.
Find out why everything is NOT awesome, especially Lego’s 50 year relationship with Shell.
More details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., Catch Oliver Stone on The Heat in less than an hour!

http://t.co/J3Q6mYbNFw, China will donate $50 million over the next five years to the UN Food and Agriculture Organization. 

Chinese Premier Li Keqiang announced the decision in a speech at the FAO headquarters in Rome during a visit to the UN organ on the eve of World Food Day, which falls on Oct. 16 every year.

The new fund from the Chinese government, said the premier, will be used to promote South-South cooperation., Every fiscal year since 1980, the U.S. deficit has averaged around $312.2 billion (in current dollars). See what that looks like year over year: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/10/15/budget-deficit-drops-to-483b-lowest-since-2008 Click through for an interactive version., Tonight on The Heat, 7pm EDT, filmmaker Oliver Stone and historian Peter Kuznick discuss Oliver Stone's Untold History of the United States with Anand Naidoo.  Watch live on your mobile or computer: http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, She's a little timid at first, but watch this video of a giant panda being released to a Chinese nature preserve.  LIKE & SHARE the cuteness., The U.S. Treasury said Tuesday that the budget deficit has dropped to $483 billion -- the lowest it's been since 2008., null, Nonprofit Omid-e-Mehr aids battered women in Iran http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=13875, A lucky man who won $81 million on the lottery, kept his identity a secret as he collected his prize., Tomorrow's Your Say Question: How prepared is the hospital system in your country to fight Ebola? 

Comment below and your opinion may appear on air!, null, Acclaimed filmmaker Oliver Stone will be a special guest on The Heat at 7 p.m. edt on Wednesday, Oct. 15. The Heat's host, Anand Naidoo, interviewed Stone in Washington. 

The director, producer and screenwriter talks about his television documentary series and book, “The Untold History of the United States.” 

He is joined by history professor Peter Kuznick who worked with him on the project. Stone challenges the conventional United States view of American foreign policy. 

One of the areas he explores is the role of the Soviet Union in defeating Nazi Germany during World War Two and the emergence of the Cold War era., Video games are big business in Brazil. So it’s no surprise some of the world’s biggest video game makers are trying to expand in this fast-growing market. Local companies may be in line to compete and thrive. Find out more details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., Today's Your Say Question: Why do you think travel has not yet been restricted to and from Ebola hot spots? Comment below and your opinion may appear on air!, The Beijing Universal park, on a 120-hectare site in the southeastern Tongzhou district, is expected to open in 2019., More than a 100,000 foreigners visit the Topes de Collantes nature reserve in Cuba each year. CCTV's Michael Voss shows you some of what they see. , #Cuba has more than sun, sea and salsa—Now the country trying to promote ecotourism to attract more nature lovers around the world. Find out more details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., Celebrated film-maker Oliver Stone will be on The Heat Wednesday at 7pm EDT to talk about his book and TV documentary Oliver Stone's Untold History of the United States. He’ll be joined by historian Peter Kuznick who worked on the project with him.  Join us then and every weeknight at 7pm for The Heat.  http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, Today’s Your Say Question: Do you think hospitals in your country are prepared to fight Ebola?

Comment below and your response may appear on air!, Over time, human settlement and tourism has upset the balance in this fragile ecosystem. Invasive species have also been a problem as animals such as cats, rats, dogs, goats and pigs have all multiplied exponentially on the islands over the years., “This is a stunning change in the way the Catholic church speaks of gay people,” said the Rev. James Martin, a Jesuit author. “The Synod is clearly listening to the complex, real-life experiences of Catholics around the world, and seeking to address them with mercy, as Jesus did.”, “A lot of people don’t really get how special the brain is. It uses 20 to 30 percent of the calories you consume, so it is the most expensive ‘real-estate’ in your body and it uses 20 percent of your blood flow,” - Dr. Daniel Amen, The Texas nurse with Ebola is considered "clinically stable," according to the top official at the U.S. Center for Disease Control Monday. 

Photo: A hazmat worker puts up a plastic sheet before starting to clean the apartment building of a hospital worker, Sunday, Oct. 12, 2014, in Dallas. Top federal health officials said that the Ebola diagnosis in a health care worker who treated Thomas Eric Duncan at a Texas hospital clearly indicates a breach in safety protocol. (AP Photo/LM Otero), South African paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius leaves the Pretoria Hight Court following his sentencing hearing on October 13, 2014. Fallen paralympic hero Pistorius returned to court being convicted of culpable homicide in the killing of his girlfriend, with his lawyers set to argue for leniency. The double-amputee track star last month escaped a murder conviction in a verdict that shocked the country and fueled criticism of South Africa's legal system. (Photo: AFP/Stefan Heunis), Despite boasting of their recent gains, the rebels insist they have been sticking to the ceasefire and only respond to incoming fire. Kiev, however, has given a completely different report, saying its troops have repelled daily raids on their airport positions., For 37 years, they've wanted to meet the children of their slaughtered daughters. , "You have a small face."  or "Wow, you can use chopsticks!"--- Yes. These are TRUE compliments if you heard that in China.  
, "At some point there was a breach in protocol." , Nurses like Teresa Romero, the Spaniard who contracted Ebola, have said it’s too early to relax about the possibility of contracting the virus. Many have resigned or refused to deal with potential Ebola cases. Others are simply angry that nurses like Romero were exposed to the virus in the first place., Take a look at our CCTV America team that’s interviewing people throughout middle America before the November elections. Here they are taking a break at a football game in Waynesville, Missouri. [L-R: Andrew Smith, Fan Bai, Sean Callebs, Wang Guan. Giang Nguyen (kneeling).] 

Want to see more of #CCTVOnTheRoad? Follow along with our hashtag and check out our tumblr: http://cctvontheroad.tumblr.com/, Many Spanish citizens are angry that the first infection outside of Africa happened in their country. They say they want answers, and simply are not getting any., "There's never a perfect time to leave," a veteran of the Iraq war told our senior U.S. correspondent Wang Guan, adding that he's disturbed by what's happening in Iraq and with ISIL. Follow along with #CCTVOnTheRoad: http://cctvontheroad.tumblr.com/, Turkish military tanks have been stationed at the border for some time now, and Kurds are furious the tanks had not advanced into Kobane. , Our photographer Andrew Smith captured this shot of correspondent Sean Callebs doing a driving stand-up with a GoPro while on assignment in Missouri. #CCTVOnTheRoad Follow along! cctvontheroad.tumblr.com, null, What do you think of this year’s Nobel Peace Prize? Give us #Yoursay., What does China's rapid growth mean to U.S.? CCTV America's Shraysi Tandon finds out from former U.S. treasury secretary Larry Summers. , India's Kailash Satyarthi and Pakistani child right's activist Malala Youzsafzai were awarded the Nobel Peace prize jointly on Friday., null, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and the Prime Minister of China, Li Keqiang, look on as Chinese Health Minister Li Bin and German Health Minister Hermann Gröhe, exchange a contract during a meeting of the German and Chinese government at the chancellery in Berlin, Germany on Friday., Kurdish Forces are doing what they can to hold off the advancement of Islamic State militants. But top officials with the Pentagon say airstrikes alone will not be able to save the Syrian border town of Kobane. The Heat will explore the latest in the Middle East with a panel experts., Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, 83, has been hospitalized but is determined to fight for his life, Russian press agencies reported Thursday, October 9.
"My state of health has been moderate for a week and today I am in hospital. My health is deteriorating," Gorbachev was cited as saying by Ria Novosti agency.
CCTV will continue to monitor this news., null, One More Question for Christine Lagarde: Has China's economy really surpassed the US? http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=13513, Nestled in the heart of a Southwest China's mountain along the road from Lijiang to #ShangriLa lies a quaint hostel that has been playing host to weary tourists for the past two decades. It was a curious set of circumstances that led Feng Defang to set up what has come to be known as the “Half Way” #hostel.

It was the summer of 1993, Feng recalls. He was lounging at home, when an unusual visitor greeted him at the door.The British #backpacker was extremely unwell and had spent the night inside a cave in the mountains. The man had run out of food and water and was in desperate need of help, recounts Feng., null, CCTVNews was recently nominated for Europe's Eutelsat TV People's Choice Award for the most popular television news channel.

If you like what we do, we'd love your vote! We're at the bottom of the first page., Electronic communications have revolutionized how people and businesses operate. While email and various messaging apps have boosted our connectivity, they can also be a nuisance. Now two internet startups in the U.S. state of Colorado are hoping to tweak how we use those tools.

Find out how on Biz Asia America tonight at 8PM EDT., Two suicide bombings in #Yemen killed nearly 70 people on Thursday, with one targeting an anti-government rally by Shia rebels who control Sanaa, leaving body parts strewn across a street in the heart of the capital.The suicide bomber in Sanaa detonated his explosives-laden belt as he approached a security checkpoint run by Shiite rebels, killing 47 people and wounding 75. Hours later, a suicide car bomber rammed a security outpost killing 20 soldiers and wounding 15., Today's Your Say Question: Will you let Ebola change your travel plans?

Comment on this post and your response may appear on air!, Tune in to @CCTV_America tonight at 8 p.m. for Shraysi Tandon's exclusive with former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers., Beijing issued a yellow alert for air pollution on Wednesday with smog forecast to continue for the next three days. Citizens, especially elders and children, were advised to take protective measures. Schools were asked to avoid outdoor activities and reduce physical exercise classes.

Air quality index (AQI) in downtown Beijing exceeded 200 for the past 24 hours, according to data updated at 8 p.m. by the Beijing Municipal Environmental Monitoring Center. 
, China's economy surpasses US, IMF official addressees shift http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=13419, null, Tomorrow's CCTV America Your Say Q: Will you let Ebola change your travel plans?

Comment on this post and your response may appear on air!, null, Be sure to tune in to @CCTV_America tomorrow at 8 p.m. for Shraysi Tandon's exclusive with former Treasury Secretary Lawrence Summers., The International Criminal Court does not yet have enough evidence to convict Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta of crimes against humanity. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=13380, What a difference legalization makes. A year has passed since the U.S. state of Colorado stopped outlawing recreational marijuana. Not only has it proven to be a money spinner, the plant is also revolutionizing the farming industry. Find out more details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., null, Rapid growth over the past 30 years in #China has had a profound impact on people’s tastes, leading to the development of new #lifestyle industries.

Fashion was once the indulgence of the privileged. But nowadays, it is growing to become a matter of individual expression.

“An increasing number of people today are more interested in and have a better understanding of things like #culture, design and #fashion,” says Shen Yanlei, an independent #designer based in #Shanghai.
, null, One More Question for Zhu Min: Will China's housing crash? http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=13369, CCTV America is hitting the road to hear from residents in Middle America before the midterm elections. Follow us as at http://cctvontheroad.tumblr.com  

Our planned stops: Chicago, St. Louis, Little Rock, Memphis, Nashville.

Follow our behind-the-scenes coverage, and if you have a story idea comment below! , Today's Your Say Q: Has the media gotten it right when covering Ebola?

Comment below and your response may appear on air!, Texas hospital says the first Ebola patient diagnosed in the U.S. has died. 
READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/10/08/1st-ebola-patient-us-dies, Yunnan provincial officials report that they have found a 5 to 8 centimeter crack in the Changhai reservoir in Yongping, the center of today’s earthquake. , null, #Socialmedia has revolutionized how we communicate with each other. In many ways, the technology has helped us keep tabs on our families and friends on an unprecedented level. But the trend is also leading to a plummeting marriage rate, especially in the U.S. Find out why on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., null, When the IMF recently updated its World Economic Outlook, it not only lowered the growth prospects for 2014, but also the outlook of 2015. Before the opening of the 2014 Annual Meetings of the IMF and World Bank, CCTV America’s Zou Yun asked Olivier Blanchard, the  chief economist of IMF, why the outlooks were lowered.
, Update: CCTV reporter in Yunnan says it's now five confirmed dead.

One person has been confirmed dead and thousands flee after a magnitude 6 earthquake hits Weiyuan city in Yunnan province today.

http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/10/07/strong-earthquake-shakes-southwestern-china, Today's #YourSay Question: Should NATO join the fight against ISIL? Reply & your response may appear on air! #IslamicState, California might be resorting to ocean water to solve its drought problem., "You only receive news that you care about,” said Zhang Yiming, founder and CEO of the customized news application TouTiao., In refusing to hear appeals from states seeking to prohibit same-sex marriage, the U.S. Supreme Court essentially left the decision up to individual states.  Do you think the court should have made a more definitive decision on the legality of gay marriage?  Comment below with #YourSay., Today’s Your Say Question: How prepared is your country to fight Ebola? Comment below and your response may appear on air!, Federal health officials are looking at all options to prevent further Ebola cases in the U.S. Extra screening might include checking travelers to see if they have a fever, then evaluating them further if they do., Why did the American Ebola patient go to a hospital in Nebraska? Because it has the largest isolation ward in the country. 

, CCTV America's Gao Qi asked Steve Wozniak how he and Steve Jobs co-founded the Apple company, as well as his opinions on Jobs and the company nowadays., Mexican 'fire water' grows in popularity, More than 100 wineries dot the landscape on the “ruta del vino” -- the wine route -- in Northwestern Mexico., “Life in prison is not worth living,” Alan Gross said from his Cuban jail cell. , Colombia reduces prison sentences to usher peace, Brazilian incumbent Dilma Roussef has won most votes in the country’s presidential election but fell short of outright victory, exit polls by an Ibope Institute suggest.

They indicate she got 44% of votes and will face a run-off against centrist Aecio Neves, who is credited with 30%., null, Blake Mycoskie: The power of one-for-one http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=13020, The rivalry between Sunni and Shia Muslims is at the heart of many Muslim conflicts. It’s a rivalry that dates back centuries. On the Hajj, however, there’s no distinction made. When the rituals begin, everyone is dressed in two sheets of white cloth that reflect equality., Opinion polls have been wildly up and down over the last seven weeks. Any one of the three of Brazil's presidential candidates ( Dilma Rousseff, Marina Silva, and Aécio Neves) could be the country's next president. , A video, released by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) on Friday, purportedly shows the beheading of a man it identified as captured British aid worker Alan Henning, the Associated Press reports.
In the same clip, the militants later threaten to kill another hostage who was identified as American Peter Kassig.
Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/10/03/video-released-shows-is-killed-british-hostage-alan-henning, Have you dreamed of starting your own designer brand, but don’t have the money to do it? Now aspiring fashionistas can make their ideas a reality thanks to a new technology, and it does it in a fast, affordable and easy way. Find out more details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EDT., Today's Your Say Question: 
Who do you think will win Brazil’s presidential race?
Comment below and your response may appear on air!, We asked Shashi Tharoor One More Question about India's relations with the U.S. and China. , Hong Kong’s leader, Leung Chun-ying said his representatives would meet with protesters. But the students cancelled when the government ordered the streets cleared and some residents spoke out against the demonstrators.  , Howard University Hospital using "an abundance of caution" treating patient with #Ebola-like symptoms that had traveled to Nigeria. 
 , Today marks the first time the U.S. has ever recorded a four-year straight period of positive employment growth, according to economist Justin Wolfers. , At least 32 people have died and 15 others are injured after a stampede broke out in Patna in #India, after festival celebrations., null, Officials were also conducting ‘contact tracing’ to monitor everyone that Duncan interacted with, either closely or casually, while he was sick. , null, Ending Colombia’s 50-year armed conflict with guerrillas has proven difficult for the government. But, in an attempt to provide incentives for peace, thousands of paramilitary fighters were offered shorter prison sentence.

“We have managed to pull these people out of violence, and reintegrate them into legal Colombia.”

But for the victims’ loved ones, some are left wondering if they’re receiving justice. We take a closer look at the Price of Peace in Colombia.That’s this week on Americas Now.

Tune in at 7PM Sunday EDT;  7AM Monday BJT., null, The cloud computing industry has grown by leaps and bounds in recent years. But the recent hacks of celebrities’ cloud storage accounts are raising questions about safety and security. One company hopes to ease those fears with a different kind of cloud storage. Find out more details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EDT., #Brazil will hold a general election this Sunday. Latest polls suggest President Dilma #Rousseff is moving ahead of her closest rival, Marina Silva, in the race., Now that the first Ebola case in the US has been diagnosed, what questions do YOU have about the disease? Post your questions using #EbolaQandA and we’ll have experts weigh in with answers., Pictured below is a view of a display with photos of Hector Beltran Leyva, the leader of the Beltran Leyva's drug cartel, during a press conference at the headquarters of the General Attorney in Mexico City, on October 1, 2014. Mexican drug kingpin Hector Beltran Leyva, aka the "H" was arrested Wednesday in San Miguel de Allende, Guanajuato State, Mexico. (Photo: AFP: Alfredo Estrella), Today's Your Say Question:  
What role should Turkey play in the coalition fighting ISIL? 
Comment below and your response may appear on air!, In this week’s episode, Full Frame turns its lens on the current challenges faced by the non-profit sector and the revolutionary changes that could transform the way NGO’s and charities “do good” in the world., Dengue fever is a mosquito-borne, potentially fatal disease that affects between 50 and 100 million people in tropical and subtropical regions every year. The principal symptoms are fever and muscle and joint aches., Vietnamese Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Pham Binh Minh speaks ahead of a working lunch with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on October 2, 2014 at the State Department in Washington, DC., "When there’s an error, Baxter will actually get a look of concern on his face,” said Zach Gomez, Field Sales Engineer of Rethink Robotics., null, Driverless car testing has been under way in California for several years, without government regulation. Now the state allows testing of autonomous vehicles on public roads with a special permit. , “I have to study so she can receive the money. If I don’t, she doesn’t get paid,” said Mariana, 17 and in school, of her mother., How does Chinese innovation compare to the US? The former U.S. Secretary of Energy Steven Chu answers this question., The World Health Organization shared three coordinated steps for prevention and control of #Ebola:
- Thoroughly cook animal blood or meat before eating it;
- Wash your hands regularly;
- Safely and promptly bury the dead., Ever wonder if we’ll ever see the futuristic vehicles we see in science fiction movies? The future may come sooner than you think—as more self-driving vehicles hit the roads. Find out more details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST.", Joseph Clancy will be the new Secret Service Director.
Secret Service director resigns over security breaches: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=12716 , The Heat: Watch our discussion on a new report that says African refugees in Israel are being denied access to fair and efficient asylum procedures. The group estimates there are more than 40,000 Africans in Israel, mostly from Eritrea and Sudan., Newly discovered bodies brings the death toll from the volcano eruption to 47 -- the most fatal in Japan's postwar history. 
, While Obama and Netanyahu have sometimes been at odds over peace talks with the Palestinians, a main topic of this session will be Obama’s plan to defeat ISIL., Two of world’s largest democracies -- India and the United States -- plan to work together more closely on key world issues. , Research by anti-corruption NGO Transparencia Brasil showed that more than 40 percent of the members of the Chamber of Deputies and over 60 percent of the senators elected in the last two elections had family connections to other politicians. , Today's Your Say Question: Are you concerned about Ebola spreading further beyond Africa? 

Comment below and your opinion may appear on air!, A patient being treated at a Dallas hospital is the first person diagnosed with #Ebola in the United States.

The unidentified man left Liberia on September 19 and arrived in the United States on September 20, said Dr. Thomas Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. There is no information published about what he was doing in Liberia or who he had contact with.

At that time, the individual did not have symptoms. "But four or five days later," he began to exhibit them, Frieden said. The individual was hospitalized and isolated Sunday at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital., Getting fit and exercising poses a challenge for most of us. But thanks to technology that process doesn’t have to be that painful. From fit-bands to the Apple Watch, gadgets to help us get healthier are becoming part of everyday life. For the details watch Biz Asia America tonight at 8 PM EST., Ebola diagnosed in U.S. on patient that just returned from Liberia. CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden said Tuesday that officials “don’t believe there is any risk to anyone who was on the flight at that time.” VIDEO: Watch the entire press conference here. , Hong Kong's top politician urged the protestors to go home. , Apple’s co-founder Steve Wozniak, who designed both the Apple I and Apple II computers in the late 1970s, offered us his tips for tech companies that are just starting out. 
, The first Ebola case has been diagnosed in the U.S.  Watch the CDC's 5:30 p.m. EDT news conference LIVE: www.cctvamericalive.com , Chinese President Xi Jinping:  “The central government will unswervingly implement the guidelines of ‘one country, two systems’ and the Basic Law and steadfastly safeguard the long-term prosperity and stability of Hong Kong and Macao. We firmly believe that compatriots in Hong Kong and Macao will create an even better future in the big family of the motherland."

http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/09/30/xi-jinping-speaks-at-national-day-reception …, Up to 10 new trial sites are being set up to test the use of stem-cell therapy in treating the disease. CCTV America’s Grace Brown reports in Beijing. , China is shifting from a manufacturing-heavy economy to a more innovation based one. That led the country to produce more patents than the U.S. Find out more details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., Today's YourSay Question: What do you think of the U.S.  keeping 10,000 troops in Afghanistan? Comment to this post and it may appear on CCTV America., China’s foreign ministry is rejecting U.S. criticism, says the protests are illegal, and supports the Hong Kong government’s “ability to handle the situation in accordance with the law.”, “One can sit here and think that life is about some destination. You know, finish your career and you’ve earned this luxury and go lay on the beach somewhere with a drink and umbrella, but the truth is you realize pretty quickly that life is about how you engage with today. Period.” - Tennis Champion Andre Agassi, As many as 18,000 people attended the speech at the iconic Madison Square Garden in New York. At a cost of $1.5 million, it was an unusual display of glamour and dazzle for a visiting foreign leader. , “What got me through was gratitude, just being grateful for what I did have. Grateful that I was alive, because I nearly died multiple times from organ failure and my spleen rupturing and I was in emergency surgery and flat-lined multiple times. So I remember thinking: Just losing my legs isn’t as bad as it could have been. And I still kind of carry that through my life.” - Snowboarding Athlete Amy Purdy, Soy bean farming, cattle ranching encroach on Brazilian tribe http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=12395, Ecuador FM discusses suing Chevron, protecting Julian Assange http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=12397, Protestors push for climate change action outside UN General Assembly http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=12399, Leader of Peru's Ashaninka fights to save land from dam project http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=12396, Lavrov maintained the people of Crimea had every right to take their destiny into their own hands in seeking autonomy from Kiev, but he said attempts to distort the truth and to hide the facts behind blanket accusations have been undertaken at all stages of the Ukrainian crisis., Japanese government sent experts from each relevant ministries to monitor and discuss future measures. Rescuers will attempt another rescue efforts tomorrow morning., "Space exploration brings out the best in us. Space exploration is where we challenge ourselves...and by ourselves, I mean all of humankind." - Bill Nye The Science Guy, Malaysia was ahead of other countries in acting against the IS threat, first nabbing people headed to Syria in February last year., With the e-commerce boom, the more consumers buy online through ‘e-tailers’ like Alibaba and Amazon, the more shippers have to cut rates to compete for their business, which means less profit for each delivery., U.S. Vice President Biden, who led the meeting, said demand for international peacekeeping is at an all time high, with peacekeepers sent to protect civilians in South in South Sudan and the Central African Republic; to prevent sexual violence in the Democratic Republic of Congo; and to help with the peace process in Mali., At the U.N. General Assembly meeting, CCTV America got Iran's perspective on the Islamic State. President Rouhani answered a question from CCTV anchor Asieh Namdar about whether he had specific ideas on how to fight the terrorist group., Silicon Valley may be where most start-up dreams could come true, but two cities are also making waves in the global tech start-up scene. Find out how Miami and Fresno are fast becoming technology boom towns on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EDT., UK Parliament votes in favor of air strikes against Islamic State: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=12378 , Tell us what you think on today's Your Say question: What role should U.N. peacekeepers play in global conflicts? Comments may appear on air!, With Alibaba.com's Jack Ma displacing a Mainland property tycoon at the top spot following Alibaba's massive listing in New York, what does it really take now to be a successful entrepreneur in #China? , UK parliament votes in favor of military action against Islamic State in Iraq., Taking care of China's senior citizens is becoming an ever pressing issue as the country's population ages. The coastal city of Hangzhou is stepping up efforts in providing care for the elderly thanks to an influx of private investment., null, null, A fire at an air traffic control center outside #Chicago on Friday led to the cancellation of all flights at the city's O'Hare International Airport, one of the world's busiest, and domestic hub Midway, snarling air traffic nationwide ahead of weekend travel. More than 800 flights into and out of the two airports were canceled by 9:20 a.m. CDT (1420 GMT), according to tracking website flightaware.com, stranding thousands of passengers., With rubble still piled high in #Gaza, Palestinian officials in New York this week pressed for urgent pledges of money to help clear the damage and rebuild this shattered community., #Denmark became the latest country to join the U.S.-led coalition that is launching airstrikes on Islamic State group militants in #Iraq. Lawmakers in Britain and Belgium were also debating Friday whether to commit warplanes to the struggle too. Danish Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt said her government would send four operational planes and three reserve jets along with 250 pilots and support staff in the fight against the Islamic State group in Iraq., null, null, null, null, Speaking at the UN, Iranian President said many parts of the world including the Middle East have turned "into a haven for terrorists and extremists" due to the "strategic mistakes of the West.", This weekend, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi will kick off his first official visit to the United States. He is focusing on boosting trade and resetting ties with U.S., The legalization of marijuana in the U.S. state of Colorado was supposed to help boost tax revenue. But that hasn’t happened, even as marijuana businesses bloomed. However, it’s proving to be a boon for local communities. More details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EDT., #Iraq has received "credible" intelligence that Islamic State militants plan to attack subway systems in #Paris and the United States, Iraq's prime minister said Thursday, but senior U.S. and French officials said they had no evidence to back up the claim. Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said he had received the information Thursday morning from militants captured in Iraq and concluded it was credible after asking for further details. 

http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/09/25/iraq-prime-minister-says-is-plotted-to-attack-us-france, A Hawthi Shiite rebel stands guard at a checkpoint on a street leading to the state television building in Sanaa in #Yemen.The U.S. State Department on Thursday ordered some of its diplomats and other government workers at the U.S. Embassy in Yemen to leave the country because of deteriorating security amid sectarian clashes., On today's YourSay: What can the UN do to help contain the Ebola epidemic? Share your view in the comments and it might appear on air., White House will announce Eric Holder's resignation at 4:30 p.m. EDT. http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/09/25/eric-holder-resigning-as-attorney-general … Watch it live: http://www.whitehouse.gov/live/president-obama-makes-personnel-announcement, Amy Purdy talks about her new clothing collection just after her interview with CCTV's Full Frame. Watch the full show at 7 p.m. Saturday including Purdy discussing her organization Adaptive Action Sports, a nonprofit that empowers people living with permanent disabilities to get involved in action sports. http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/09/24/full-frame-explores-the-power-of-sports-to-create-a-better-world, Check out Full Frame on Saturday as host Mike Walter talks to Steffi Graf, Andre Agassi, Amy Purdy, Mark Kabban of Youth and Leaders Living Actively (YALLA) San Diego, Inc. and Awista Ayub of the Afghan Youth Sports Exchange about the power of sports in making a difference: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/09/24/full-frame-explores-the-power-of-sports-to-create-a-better-world, null, Women’s rights around the world have come a long way in the last decade—but in many ways, it’s pretty much a man’s world. For instance, most of the CEOs from the world’s biggest companies are male.
#Gender inequality is one of the major focuses at this year’s Clinton Global Initiative—and one of its missions is to give millions of girls equal access to quality education. Find out more details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi had said that #India has spent less to reach Mars than Hollywood producers spent on the movie “Gravity". India’s Mars mission has a price tag of about $74 million, a fraction of the $671 million cost of the U.S. NASA's latest Mars program., Sunni militants killed 19 Shiite militiamen in an ambush north of #Baghdad on Wednesday.Fighters from the Islamic State terrorist group hiding in orchards opened fire with machine-guns on a convoy of Shiite militiamen travelling on a road in Babilan village. They said 39 other people were wounded in the attack. In other violence, police said three separate bombings in commercial areas of the capital killed seven people., Do you think the UN is united enough to help fight terror? Give us #YourSay, and you might see your response tonight on CCTV America!, Obama vows to dismantle Islamic State's "network of death": 
http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/09/24/obama-calls-for-dismantling-is-network-of-death …, null, Scientists: #India has triumphed in first mission to Mars, putting satellite in planet's orbit., null, Matt Damon is more than just a Hollywood superstar. He has teamed up with environmentalist Gary White and founded Water.org - a nonprofit organization that is focused on solving the global water and sanitation crisis. Damon spoke to CCTV America on why he chose global water crisis as his cause. , It's been close to 24 hours since U.S. and 5 Arab nations launched the first strikes on militants in #Syria.
The bombings have killed scores of Islamic State fighters and members of a separate Al Qaeda-linked group. Check the graphics for more about the 5 Arab nations in the coalition., The ALS Ice Bucket Challenge was on everyone's Facebook recently. But Matt Damon's unique source of water was one of the most viewed with 4.2 million views. Listen here as Matt tells why his bucket was filled with toilet water. Watch cctvamericalive.com at 8pm ET for his full interview with CCTV America's Shraysi Tandon., Mental illness is a highly stigmatized condition around the globe. Seeking treatment can sometimes be challenging , if not impossible, in some countries. Now one internet startup is hoping to blaze a trail towards making therapy a viable option for millions of people. Watch Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST for the story., Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says he supports international efforts against terrorism and was informed in advance of the airstrikes. , null, 748 million people lack access to an improved drinking water source, approximately one in nine people globally. Matt Damon talks with CCTV America's Shraysi Tandon about some of the initiatives Water.org is doing to combat the problem. Tonight at 8pm ET on Biz Asia America. Watch at www.cctvamericalive.com for more of our coverage from the Clinton Global Initiative, Do you think the U.S. led coalition has the right to bomb Syria?   Comment below with #YourSay. We may use your comment on air.  READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/09/23/pentagon-anti-is-airstrikes-in-syria-very-successful, Watch today's Pentagon briefing on the airstrikes in Syria here: , The top American military official said the U.S. and its Arab allies achieved their aim of showing the extremists that their savage attacks will not go unanswered. CLICK THROUGH for photos and video of the strikes. 
, LIVE NOW: Live Pentagon briefing on the Syria airstrikes against ISIS: www.cctvamericalive.com, BREAKING: US launches airstrikes on IS in Syria

http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/09/22/u-s-launch-airstrikes-on-is-in-syria, Will immigration reform happen under the Obama administration? http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=12054, Asieh Namdar asks Javad Zarif about the arrest of journalist Jason Rezaian:

JZ: He's been investigated for allegations.
AN: Can you tell us what those are?
JZ: I have no access to them.
AN: You do but you just don't want to tell me.

http://www.cctv-america.com/iranian-foreign-minister, Watch what Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has to say about the detention of Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian. Watch www.cctvamericalive.com at 9pm for Asieh Namdar's complete interview. , Climate change is probably one of the biggest threats facing billions of people—and with most countries lacking sufficient reforms and resources to tackle the global phenomenon the future may be bleak. We’ll be joined by Former U.S. Vice president Al Gore about the fight against global climate change. More details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., Here are the topics and goals scheduled to be discussed at the United Nations General Assembly this week. #UNGA, Will the UN be able to build a coalition against IS ? Give us #YourSay, and you might see your response tonight on CCTV America!, Are you excited for CCTV America's interview with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif? Here's a behind the scenes look of before, during, and after the big interview! Be sure to tune in at 9 PM EDT for an extended portion of the interview., A Kurdish woman runs away from a water cannon near the Syrian border after Turkish authorities temporarily closed the border at the southeastern town of Suruc in Sanliurfa province. Turkey said that some 130,000 people had flooded across its border from Syria as Kurdish fighters battled Islamic State group jihadists trying to capture a strategic town. (Photo credit: AFP/BULENT KILIC), Pakistani Christian residents take part in a service marking the first anniversary of a bomb attack at the All Saint's Church in Peshawar on September 22, 2014. The blasts that tore through the congregation at All Saints church in Peshawar a year earlier after the service on Sunday morning, killing 82 people, are believed to be the deadliest attack ever on Pakistan's small Christian community. (Photo credit: AFP/A MAJEED), Have you seen our sneak peek of Asieh Namdar's interview with Iran's foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif? If not, watch it here and be sure to tune in at 9 PM EDT tonight to see an extended portion of the interview! , A unity deal in Afghanistan comes after months of turmoil over a disputed election that destabilized the nation. This is at a crucial time when most foreign troops prepare to leave., Florida woman helps hundreds of immigration orphans, International law agencies crack down on art theft, Guelaguetza festival helps revive Mexico's economy, Film explores isolated Kogi tribe in Colombia, Costa Rican minister advocates for women’s equality, Chinese investors help revive Detroit's economy, Breaking News: Two killed by multiple explosions in Xinjing's Lutai County, The growing threat posed by the Islamic State is a concern for both Iraq and the U.S.., Elaine Dang, a Westgate mall survivor, shared her memory of what it was like the day of the assault., Actress Julia Ormond sat down with CCTV America’s Mike Walter to talk about her work in the human trafficking arena and offered further insight into the complexities of the slave trade and its relationship to other human rights issues., Be sure to tune-in to CCTV America on Monday for the full interview of our very own Asieh Namdar with Iran's foreign minister., A number of Chinese hi-tech firms have been seeking to recruit VIP executives from global companies to lead their operations. Alibaba is no exception., What a day for Alibaba: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/09/19/alibaba-stock-jumps-38-in-its-us-trading-debut, Check out our slideshow of Jack Ma and his Alibaba team through the years: http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/the-history-of-alibaba-in-photos, Glaxo was found guilty of giving bribes to doctors and hospitals to increase sales and raise the prices for their products. A Chinese court ruled the company must pay a nearly $500M fine, the biggest corporate penalty ever assessed in China., For Alibaba the IPO represents not just a chance to raise capital, but is also a milestone for the company, which reported net income tripling to nearly $2 billion in its most recent quarter., “Now it is time for our United Kingdom to come together and to move forward. A vital part of that would be a balanced settlement, fair to people in Scotland and importantly to everyone in England, Wales and Northern Ireland as well.” – Prime Minister David Cameron, null, Catalans hold the Catalan independentist flags (the "estelada") during celebrations of Catalonia National Day ("Diada") in Barcelona on September 11, 2014. Today the Catalan Parliament approved the Law allowing Catalonia's Government to call on a self-determination referendum from Spain. (Photo Cred: AFP/ Lluis Gene), What are your thoughts on the referendum result in Scotland? Were you surprised by the final "No" result? Give us Your Say, and you might see your response tonight on CCTV America!, An Iraqi federal policeman inspects the site of the aftermath of a car bomb attack in the northern Shiite district of Kazimiyah, in #Baghdad, #Iraq on Friday. A series of bomb and mortar shell attacks in and around Baghdad killed at least 31 people, officials said. A parked explosives-packed car detonated shortly before midday prayers near the al-Mubarak mosque in the Iraqi capital., null, null, Chinese President Xi Jinping’s wife Peng Liyuan kisses a student during a visit to the Tagore International School in New Delhi, #India on Thursday.She was visibly delighted to witness the cultural acts performed by the students showcasing various dance and art forms, highlighting the cultural ethos of India. Later, she left a message for students in Chinese calligraphy., Alibaba shares rise 36 percent to open at $92.70 in public debut on New York Stock Exchange.  Alibaba.com, Small business owners rang the NYSE opening bell Friday for Alibaba's IPO as a symbol of founder Jack Ma's philosophy, "Customers first, employees second, and shareholders third.”   , null, null, Infographic: #Alibaba's competition: Tencent, Baidu, and JD., Infographic: 5 things to know about the #Aliababa IPO, Li Na, China’s two-time Grand Slam winner, will announce her retirement, according to her management company IMG, which will hold a press conference on Friday in Li's hometown of Wuhan., Alibaba is going into overdrive! Not only is the e-commerce giant taking Wall Street by storm, it’s also going on a tech shopping spree. Find out how Jack Ma’s juggernaut is trying to become the world’s top e-tailer. Find out more details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EDT!, Alibaba is slated to go public in the U.S. on Friday. Read more about expert's suggestions on investing in Alibaba at http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=11764, "It’s a huge deal whatever happens because what is not going to happen is that we’re all going to wake up Friday, come what may, and return to business as usual." 

What would YOU vote -- to stay apart of the U.K., or for Scotland to become an independent nation? , Will you try to buy Alibaba shares? Comment below with #YourSay.  Follow all our Alibaba coverage here: http://alibaba.cctv-america.com/, null, null, null, Alibaba's IPO is expected to be one of the biggest in American history., null, null, Preparing for its initial public offering, Chinese e-commerce company #Alibaba estimates its stock will sell for $60 to $66 a share. The retailing giant will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange, in what's expected to be one of the biggest IPOs ever.
No matter how Alibaba's IPO goes this week, there is a general understanding that a few major shareholders are about to get a whole lot richer. 
Let's take a look at the biggest players.
See more with Alibaba's news, check our special projects for more:
http://alibaba.cctv-america.com/, null, You have seen Scottish actor Brian Cox in the Bourne movies, Braveheart and X-Men 2. See what he has to say about his homeland's vote for independence and whether celebrity involvement will have any impact on the vote. Then watch The Heat tonight at 7pm for more on Scottish independence. www.cctvamericalive.com, Alibaba’s much-hyped New York debut happens this Friday, and the E-commerce giant’s IPO is expected to break records. But there are concerns that it may go the way of Facebook’s 2012 IPO fiasco. Find out more details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EDT., Digital team getting briefed about Alibaba coverage on CCTV-America.com http://ift.tt/XEPLE9, “Of course I’m upset…we need everybody here.” Sheldon Yett, UNICEF Representative to Liberia answers One More Question about confronting the Ebola outbreak in Africa. Hear more on CCTV America at 9pm EDT.  Watch at www.cctvamericalive.com, A reflection in a mirror shows an Iraqi Sunni gunman monitoring with binoculars as he secures an area in the town of Dhuluiya, some 45 miles north of Baghdad after security forces and allied tribesmen retook the city from Islamic States (IS) fighters. (Photo: AFP/Ahmad al-Rubaye), Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, sit on a traditional swing at the Sabarmati River front in Ahmadabad, India on Wednesday. Xi landed in the Indian prime minister's home state of Gujarat on Wednesday for a three-day visit., Would you vote Yes or No if you were Scottish? Share #Yoursay with us, and we may use your comment on air!, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko walk down the Hall of Honour on Parliament Hill in Ottawa, Ontario during Poroshenko's first official visit to Canada,on September 17, 2014, Al Gore sat down for an exclusive interview with CCTV America’s Shraysi Tandon on the sidelines of the environmental summit “24 Hours of Reality.”, China's President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi shake hands at the Hyatt Hotel in Ahmedabad. Chinese President Xi Jinping has begun his three-day visit to India in Ahmedabad, home city of India's new Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=11692, A protester holds a smoke bomb during a demonstration outside the President Palace in #Kiev, on September 17, 2014. Activists from far-right nationalist movements protested against the adoption on September 16, of laws that give extra self-rule powers to some rebel-held territories in the #Donetsk and #Lugansk regions on eastern Ukraine., null, null, null, The #taxi cab is one of New York City’s most iconic modes of transport…But now one company is putting a twist on the service—with a special car-sharing app. Find out more about the taxi company that comes with a woman’s touch. To see more details, watch Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., Al Gore talks with CCTV America's Shraysi Tandon on our 9pm newscast. Watch on your phone, tablet or computer: www.cctvamericalive.com, null, U.S. President Obama is addressing media in Atlanta. Watch it LIVE http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, Chinese President Xi Jinping, inspects a guard of honor as Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa, escorts him during an official reception for Xi in #Colombo, Sri Lanka on Tuesday. Xi is visiting countries in South Asia this week to seek closer relations and support for his vision of a modern maritime "Silk Road", a sea route connecting #China with Europe., There was some anger at the Ukrainian Parliament, leaving one official in a trash container. A group of people put member of Parliament Vitaly Zhuravsky in the trash, pouring water on him and throwing objects. Zhuravsky is a former member of the political party of former president Viktor Yanukovych.Reports suggest he was targeted because of his role in the passage of a bill in January that restricted freedom of speech., Do you think there is a military solution to the Islamic State? Comment below with #YourSay, null, null, null, How Alibaba grows to the largest technology listing in U.S. history?, CNOOC, China’s largest offshore oil and gas company says the discovery signals that China has the technologies for the deep sea drilling., Government forces and rebels clashed in the airport with reports of shelling, thick smoke and gunshots., null, #China and #India have a complex relationship but there has been an effort by both sides to constantly have high-level exchanges to better relationship. Xi Jinping’s visit to India is expected to open a new chapter in China and India’s relationship., #Scotland will be going to the polls soon to decide whether they’ll declare independence from the UK. They’ll be facing tremendous challenges—especially economic ones. But the vote may also give the British government a ‘#nuclear’ headache. Find out more details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., Exclusive sidewalks for ‘cellphone addicts’

It’s the most common sight these days. People walking on the street with their eyes glued to their #smartphones. 

China's Sorthwest city of Chongqing has come up with an innovative solution: Exclusive #sidewalks for #mobilephone users. 

The sidewalk at a prominent scenic site was recently relabeled with clear demarcation of area for those using their phones. The aim is to ensure safety and reduce accidents.

Photo Courtesy of Xinhua., Global leaders gather for Paris summit on fighting Islamic State militants, See what Former Iraqi Ambassador to the U.S., Samir Sumaida’ie and our panel say about building a coalition to defeat ISIS on The Heat. Tonight at 7pm EDT. , “If they come looking for [the hippos] to kill them, I’ll say, 'No, I haven’t seen them.'" , Wonderful story from Full Frame on how painting helped save Metro's life. , An American was sentenced to six years in jail, plus hard labor, by the DPRK over the weekend. , The 48-mile canal that connects the Atlantic to the Pacific just turned 100. , Mexican arts magazine publisher celebrates Octavio Paz, Do you think teaching Cuban hip-hop to Catalonians will help build cultural bridges? , Tepito one of Mexico's most dangerous black markets, Dushanbe and Beijing have launched construction of a key gas pipeline that will turn Tajikistan into a transit country for Central Asian gas supplies to neighboring China, the world’s largest energy consumer.
http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/09/14/china-tajikistan-agree-to-boost-pragmatic-cooperation, David Cameron vows to destroy Islamic State, BREAKING: A new video purports to show footage of the execution of  David Haines, a British aid worker who was abducted in Syria in 2013., Do you fancy yourself a magician or music aficionado? Consider yourself a cat lady because of your intense love of animals? Then this week's Full Frame is right up your alley! Discover the healing powers of magic, animals, and the arts as we talk to the experts. Full Frame is on now!, Turkey has so far played silent on E.U. sanctions against Russia, opting to stay out of the tit-for-tat diplomatic pressures Moscow and Western powers have been throwing at each other over Ukraine. This time, however, it may be more difficult for Turkey to remain on the fence., What's the game-plan behind the U.S. coalition to eliminate IS?, The only thing possibly more shocking than the Oscar Pistorius murder trial is the tragic tale of the paralympian's rise and fall in fame. Here's more insight on what led a national hero to a irreparable social demise., You may have heard your fair share about genetically modified foods, but how much do you actually know about the GMOs they are made of? The Heat asks the big questions to pro-and anti-GMO advocates. Here's the skinny on the science behind genetically modified organisms., Ebola isn’t just a major health crisis for Eastern Africa. It’s also taken to slamming the region’s economy, as more tourists cancel their trips to the continent.

Now hard-hit Kenya is pulling out all the stops to woo more Chinese to visit the country. To see more details, watch Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EDT., South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius left the High Court in Pretoria on September 12, 2014 after the verdict was handed down in his murder trial where he was found guilty of culpable homicide. What is your reaction to the verdict? Give us Your Say!, null, The Australian government on Friday elevated its terrorism threat level to the second-highest warning in response to the perceived domestic threat posed by Islamic State movement supporters. PM Tony Abbott announced the increase from "medium" to "high" on a four-tier scale on the advice of the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation.The domestic spy agency's Director-General  said the threat level had been rising in Australia due in part to Australians joining Islamic State to fight in Syria and #Iraq., null, null, null, null, One World Trade Center in New York City stands tall as a symbol of the country’s resilience… But with less than 60 percent of the building vacant, it’s not much of a business success. It’s also over budget and still not fully operational... More details on Biz Asia America tonight at 8pm EST., null, null, Hear from the man who escorted Saddam Hussein to his execution.  Dr. Mowaffak al-Rubaie talks about witnessing the hanging in today's "One More Question."  
Watch here and then tune into The Heat at 7pm for his and Dr. Reza Aslan's views on Iraq and the plan to combat ISIL., Hundreds dead in S.Asian floods as rescue efforts slammed http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=11294, It's been 13 years since the #911 terror attacks. The tragic day is being marked across the country as people remember and honor those who lost their lives. http://ift.tt/1rPd7ik, For over a decade after the autumn of 2001, America, with its allies, has been at war against factions of Islamist militants and terrorists, including the Taliban and al-Qaida, as well as offshoots in Yemen, Somalia and elsewhere. Do you feel terrorism is a larger or smaller threat now than on September 11, 2001? Give us Your Say!, Remembering victims of 9/11... See photo gallery at http://www.cctv-america.com/flagallery/images-from-911-ceremonies, Chinese President Xi Jinping called on #Ukraine Thursday to launch inclusive dialogues soon so that a comprehensive political settlement could be reached.  China prefers the Ukraine crisis be resolved through political means, Xi said, stressing that relevant parties should "trace to the source" and solve the crisis at its root.

Xi made the remarks during a meeting with his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, ahead of the 14th summit of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization.

Putin said that Russia considers China’s stances important and appreciates China's proposals on the Ukraine issue. Putin also said Russia will maintain communication with China.
(File photo), Complete text of President Obama's address on combating #ISIS and the most used words in speech., null, null, Scotland wants a divorce from the UK... but what will it cost?, null, Out of more than 200 bomb attacks in Chile in the past 2 decades, the one on Monday was the worst., U.S. President Obama delivers address to the nation in 15 minutes. Watch live on CCTV AMERICA or here: http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream.html, The people of #Scotland are being asked to consider whether the nation should become independent from the rest of the United Kingdom. But how much do you know about the country and its economy? Tune in BIZ Asia America at 8 PM EST for more analysis., Chinese President Xi Jinping will visit India, Sri Lanka, Tajikistan and the Maldives to bolster the country’s relations with South Asia and Central Asia.
The President is scheduled to attend the 14th meeting of the Council of Heads of the SCO member states on Thursday and Friday in Dushanbe, the capital of Tajikistan., This week, Canada's Hollywood-sized ambitions take center stage with the kickoff of the Toronto International #Film Festival. Find out how it’s pulling out all the stops to become one of the world’s biggest movie capitals. Details on Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., China has all the confidence, ability and resources to realize its major economic and social goals for 2014, despite recent sluggish momentum. Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said on Wednesday in a keynote speech at the opening of the Summer #Davos forum in north China city of Tianjin. http://ift.tt/1pQloAS, The Louisville Zoo in the U.S. State of Kentucky is celebrating the birth of a new pygmy hippo.
These are the first photos of the baby, that was born less than two weeks ago. Mom and baby are both doing well.
The zoo hopes to have the newborn on exhibit within the month.
There will be a contest to determine a name for the brand new hippo.
(Photo: Courtesy Louisville Zoo), This Thursday marks the 13th anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, terror attacks.  
Last month, #ISIS sent threatening Twitter messages to the U.S., and killed two American journalists.  ISIS poses an “extremely high” terror threat to U.S. targets, according to multiple U.S. intelligence officials.
Are you concerned about another 9/11 attack ?  Give us #YourSay !, Some people are unclear about the goals and funding of The Islamic State or ISIS. We asked One More Question of religious historian and author Dr. Reza Aslan to help you understand., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry walks with Iraq's Foreign Minister Ibrahim al-Jaafari before their meeting in Baghdad. Kerry is visiting #Iraq to hold talks with the country's new leaders on their role in a long-awaited strategy against Islamic State jihadists to be unveiled by President Barack Obama., Kashmiri houseboats and houses submerged by floodwater are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Dal Lake in Srinagar. The death toll from the cross-border disaster surpassed 450 as emergency workers in both countries scrambled to rescue marooned residents in the worst-hit areas., Will you be watching? What do you hope President Obama will say? , U.S. Secretary of State #JohnKerry waits in a helicopter on September 10, 2014 in #Baghdad. Kerry flew into Iraq today for talks with its new leaders on their role in a long-awaited new strategy against Islamic State jihadists to be unveiled by President Barack Obama., A Palestinian protester throws back a tear gas canister at Israeli soldiers, after the funeral of 22-year old Palestinian Issa al-Qatari, at the Amari refugee camp near the West Bank city of Ramallah on September 10, 2014. Palestinian medics and security sources said Al-Qatari had been hit in the chest by gunfire earlier in the day during stone-throwing clashes after soldiers entered the Al-Amari camp on an arrest mission., Palestinian mourners carry the body of 22-year old Palestinian Issa Salem al-Qatari at the Al-Amari refugee camp near the West Bank city of Ramallah on September 10, 2014 during his funeral procession after he was killed earlier in the morning when clashes broke out after Israeli troops entered the refugee camp, sources on both sides said. Palestinian medics and security sources said Al-Qatari had been hit in the chest by gunfire during stone-throwing clashes after soldiers entered the Al-Amari camp on an arrest mission., Will you invest in a new iPhone?, null, null, On the Heat: Guantanamo Bay Prison is still open. Is this U.S. President Barack Obama's biggest broken promise? http://ift.tt/1lRsOc7, Hopes were high when a project to build the Palestinians first planned city, Rawabi. A state of the art commercial center and ultra-modern homes were designed to lure businesses and residents. With the ongoing conflict in Gaza, now Israel holds the key to the city's future. To see more details, watch Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., EU adopts new Russia sanctions but delays action http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=11152, null, null, Jim Spellman is LIVE from the White House on U.S. President Barack Obama's plan to defeat the Islamic State terror group. http://ift.tt/1pMFo7r, Curved edges, bigger screens: Apple unveils the iPhone 6, iWatch, ApplePay.
#Apple's Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller announces the new iPhone 6 during an Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts on September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California., China and U.S. must improve mutual strategic trust to manage their differences and avoid confrontation, Chinese President Xi Jinping said visiting U.S. National Security Adviser Susan Rice.

A wide range of issues, including political reform in Hong Kong and the rise of the radical jihadist movement Islamic State, were raised during Rice's three-day stay, U.S. officials said. The trip was meant to lay the groundwork for U.S. President Obama's visit to Beijing in November for the APEC summit., We are LIVE! Click for latest news from around the world.., U.S. President Barack Obama will make a televised address Wednesday night to outline plans for an expanded U.S. effort to confront violent Islamic State militants in #Iraq and #Syria. What can America do to stop Islamic State? Give us #Yoursay, “I have no words for it,” said Samira Calehr, a Dutch mother who lost two sons, Miguel, 11, and Shaka, 19, in the crash. "I am speechless.", Lots of films showcased at the Chinese Film Festival in DC. 
, The Heat with Anand Naidoo will be on in 10 mins. Tune in http://ift.tt/1rwYwb5, After TMZ released new video of Ray Rice hitting his then-fiancée, the Ravens and NFL responded quickly. An NFL spokesman said they had not seen the video until today. What's your reaction?, Sierra Leone ordered a three-day lockdown amid the Ebola crisis. Should all countries with Ebola be shut down? Give us Your Say!, A family stands next to a lit-up lantern structure at the Mid-Autumn Festival Lantern Carnival in Victoria Park in Hong Kong on September 7, 2014. The traditional Mid-Autumn Festival in Hong Kong is celebrated with colorful lantern carnivals, fiery dragon dances and traditional moon cakes. (Photo: AFP/Alex Ogle), Heeding calls from green groups, some mooncake makers are giving away metal boxes and selling the festive treats in biodegradable packaging., Winter swimming is becoming a popular winter sport. The Perito Moreno Glacier will host the first International Winter Swimming Festival.

“It is cold, but it’s good for the body,” says Brazilian swimmer Maria Luisa Losano. “It is good for the soul.”, It's the latest craze in street art, and it's called "yarn bombing". Tune in to Full Frame to see how one pair of sisters 'knit' their way into the hearts of their local California communities. , There was prolonged artillery fire late on Saturday to the east of Mariupol, a key flash-point in the past week of fighting. A truck, a gas station and an industrial facility went ablaze within the limits of the city., Scientists and innovators are ushering in a new age of measuring success by focusing on human emotions. Tune in to Full Frame at the top of the hour to find out why your EQ may be a better measure of your intelligence than your IQ!, John Moore is one of only a handful of photojournalists who’ve made the trip to West Africa to cover the epidemic. His pictures tell a story all their own., Talk about the ultimate selfie! More than just an awesome snapshot, 'wingsuit flying' is becoming the latest trend for daredevils. But it also has safety experts worried. , Maiduguri is not just the capital city of the Borno state in Nigeria. The city of about two million is the birth place of Boko Haram. They had a free reign there until early last year, when the military pushed them out., Peruvian government emails were hacked and then dumped online. The result: a political controversy bordering on crisis. , null, GUYS! There's a 24-hour PandaCam. In HD. Ensue the cuteness....  , null, Coming up on The Heat: A look back at World War II as we mark the 75th anniversary of the beginning of the war in Europe this month. Peter Kuznick historian and author of Oliver Stone's Untold History of the United States is one of our guests.  Tonight at 7pm EST/7am Beijing.  Here Kuznick shares history on Islamic extremism and the U.S. , null, Jamaican officials say unresponsive U.S. plane has crashed in sea off the island. Associated Press., Love "Oliver Stone's Untold History of the United States" on Showtime? Tune in tonight for an interview with Peter Kuznick, the author behind the series. And we'll have a web exclusive interview with him you won't find on the show. #OneMoreQuestion http://ift.tt/1xlZ4sR, "Ebola has raised from an exotic disease to a headline disease. It is no longer acceptable to the general public that a disease that has been around for four decades, there are no medicines, there are no vaccines." -- Anarfi Asamoa-Baah, the Ghanaian director-general for the World Health Organization, Should Ukraine be part of the NATO military alliance? Give us #YourSay in the comments below., "The bottom line is we will do what is necessary to make sure ISIL does not threaten the U.S. or our friends and partners." -- President Obama at a press conference during the NATO talks just now., There were three fugitives at large as police began a massive manhunt following a prison break in Northeast China. Two of the prisoners have now been captured, but one still remains at large., For weeks, Egyptians have had to deal with frequent blackouts and fuel shortages., In a video posted online, al-Qaeda Chief Ayman al-Zawahri gave a new threat to India. In the 55-minute video, he promised to spread Islamic rule in South Asia and “raise the flag of jihad” across the Indian subcontinent by forming a new branch of the militant group. , A new study claims that raising beef does far more damage to the environment than other animal products like poultry, pork and dairy. As you might imagine, those in the cattle business are not pleased. To see more details, watch Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., Coming up on The Heat: Egypt is facing a crippling energy crisis including gasoline shortages and rolling blackouts how is President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi dealing with this major energy crisis? From rolling blackouts to gasoline shortages and high electrical demands, we’ll discuss efforts to tackle Egypt’s problems., More people have now died from the current Ebola outbreak than have from the virus' entire history. 

, Do you think the Western NATO military alliance is a force for peace or war? Comment with #YourSay, A woman takes part in a demonstration against the 2014 NATO Summit in Newport, Wales. Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said a cease-fire plan aimed at ending a near five-month conflict in the east of the country would be signed on Friday., A wounded Afghan man walks at the site of a suicide attack in #Ghazni. A Taliban attack on a government compound in Afghanistan on September 4 killed 13 security personnel and left at least 60 other people wounded when a truck bomb triggered hours of fighting, officials said. About 20 insurgents armed with machine guns and grenade launchers were also killed during the assault on the intelligence agency base in Ghazni province, one of the most volatile regions of #Afghanistan., #PopeFrancis is hugged by Argentinian former football star Diego Armando Maradona prior to a meeting with members of the Scholas Occurentes organization at the Vatican., U.S. President Barack Obama talks to Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron at the #NATO 2014 summit at the Celtic Manor Hotel in Newport, South Wales. A NATO summit billed as the most important since the Cold War got underway with calls to stand up to Russia over Ukraine and confront Islamic State extremists., Late author Iris Chang enlightened the West about the Nanking massacres, CCTV's the heat will be on air at 7! See u very soon! http://ift.tt/WcKmmA, Farmers in the EU have suffered significant losses after the EU imposed economic sanctions on Russia. The European Commission is giving 120 million euro to farmers in compensation, but this may not be enough to bring Europe out of its financial suffering. Tune into Biz Asia America tonight at 8 PM EST for more., Could the Alibaba IPO be one of the biggest ever? http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=10812, Mexican President emphasizes economic growth in speech http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=10810, Steven Sotloff's editor at The Media Line, Felice Friedson,  called him "one of the most courageous, talented and insightful journalists that I have met", What should the U.S. do in response to the murder of Americans by IS? Comment with #YourSay., Pre-show discussion. See u at 8 with Jessica Stone on Biz Asia America. http://ift.tt/1qZ0JvD, Watch our news broadcast with Susan Roberts at 630, 7 and 9. See u soon! http://ift.tt/1qmFl7t, Meet with the coolest CCTV America designers! http://ift.tt/1qmFlUW, Guess who will anchor today's Biz show? It will be this lady!!! http://ift.tt/1qmFlEu, Pre-show discussion. See u at 8 with Jessica Stone on Biz Asia America., Thailand has a new transportation minister and one of his biggest challenges will be to rejuvenate the flagging fortunes of Thai Airways, which has endured massive losses in recent years. But that may be harder than the minister thinks. To see more details, watch Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EDT., Chew Lai Choo, mother in-law of #MalaysiaAirlines pilot, Eugene Choo, one of the Malaysians killed in the the July 17 #MH17 disaster, cries during a wake service at Eugene's residence in Seremban, some 75 kilometers from Kuala Lumpur on September 2, 2014. MH17 has compounded Malaysian grief over the troubling and still-unexplained disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 just four months earlier., null, Islamic State claims beheading of America journalist Steven Sotloff in newly released video. , Since May, more than 240 girls have reported headaches, fainting and numbness in the hands after vaccination., null, Turmoil in Ukraine is actually helping farmers in the US., Ready on air! http://ift.tt/1uoqE3i, CCTV America's editors are preparing for the shows http://ift.tt/1nQ9Huc, CCTV's Elaine Reyes http://ift.tt/1nQ9EyK, Rainbow seen from rooftop of CCTV America. http://ift.tt/1qVqM74, Demonstrators are demanding the Prime Minister resign after protests turned violent in Pakistan on Monday., Iraqi people take water from a humanitarian aid convoy in Amerli on Monday after Iraqi forces broke through to the jihadist-besieged Shiite town the previous day, where thousands of people have been trapped for more than two months with dwindling food and water supplies. The mainly Shiite Turkmen residents of the town were running desperately short of food and water, and were in danger both because of their Shiite faith and their resistance to the militants. (Photo: AFP/JM Lopez), Women of the group "Peace Mothers" hold placards to raise awareness for the Ebola epidemic in central Monrovia on September 1, 2014. Liberia, the hardest-hit of five west African nations struggling with the epidemic, has seen almost 700 deaths. (Photo: AFP/Dominique Faget), "Hospitals are places where opposites meet. People go there to die. For some, life begins. It has proven that clowns really help children. Laughter really helps people to recover[...]even if you don't believe it, it has influence [...]you don't see the positive side of things when no one makes you laugh."

One Venezuelan hospital program takes on a "Patch Adams" approach to recovery, and may be proving that perhaps laughter really IS the best medicine., Some amazing underwater video of whale sharks in John Holman's story.  , Kenneth Bae is a Korean-American missionary, and one of three Americans being detained in North Korea. He was moved from a work camp to a hospital because of failing health and weight loss, but was sent back to the work camp outside of Pyongyang to do farm-related labor last month.

Bae has lost 15 pounds, has severe back pain and a sleep disorder. His family has said his health problems include diabetes, liver problems and an enlarged heart., On Monday, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani urged the country's clerics to be more tolerant of the Internet and new technologies, which are often the target of criticism by influential hard-liners in the Islamic Republic. Rouhani made the appeal during a meeting with clerics in Tehran, where he said that the Internet is important for aspiring students and experts trying to access new knowledge and science. (Photo: AP/Ebrahim Noroozi), null, Islamic State (IS) militants have seized Syrian and Iraqi towns, brutally murdering and kidnapping hundreds of people. What is the best strategy to fight IS? Give us Your Say., According to the last census in Colombia, when people were asked for their race, 10% answered 'black' or 'African Colombian', but that number does not reflect the reality. Most of the 'black' people in Colombia will not admit their race. The organization Chao Racismo or “Goodbye Racism” works to promote social inclusion, increase human dignity and encourage acceptance., 4 people died protesting against the prime minister in Islamabad, ISIS no longer controls Iraqi town of Amirli, It’s called #BOTLR, and it’s equipped with sensors and lasers that help it navigate around objects and people and adjust to different surfaces., Arabs make up about 20 percent of Israel’s Jewish-majority population. Most cities are inhabited almost exclusively by one or the other. However, places like Jaffa where the couple lives are mixed, coexistence isn’t a given., The doctor died last week, after treating an #Ebola patient. Health officials say he had direct contact with the infected Liberian-American man, who brought the disease to #Nigeria., EU leaders accuse the Kremlin of “direct aggression” in eastern Ukraine, something the Russians have so far denied., "It brings a little childhood wonder to our guests, much like Rosie from the Jetson's or Wall-E or R2D2, when we see guests' reaction to it," said Brian McGuinness, Global Brand Leader of Starwood Hotels & Resorts. "It just brings a smile to people's faces and it's just something fun."
, The White House doesn't know what to do about ISIS yet., Some deny Russian troops are fighting in Ukraine:  "You can't believe anyone in the U.S. You can't believe the Ukrainian government who wants military aid. You can't believe anyone there. They need psychiatric help."

Others say it's all Russian intervention that will isolate and damage their country: "How can you accidentally cross a border and get lost? Are they in the second grade or just learning how to walk? ", CCTV America’s Stephanie Freid reports from Tel Aviv on how Israelis and Palestinians view things following the fighting. , Watch Americas Now Sunday at 7pm EDT. All across Mexico’s southern border, you’ll notice a beefed up police presence right alongside customs and immigration officials.  It’s all in an effort to prevent a massive wave of underage migrants from heading toward the U.S. Correspondent Franc Contreras gives us a rare glimpse into the journey of child migrants and tells us how Mexico is cracking down., The locust swarm currently invading Madagascar is the size of Japan, according to the Washington Post. Photo: AFP., There have been 3,069 cases of Ebola in West Africa, accounting for at least 1,552 deaths, according to the World Health Organization (WHO). A man infected with Ebola traveled to Senegal, bringing to the country the first confirmed case of the virus, the Ministry of Health said Friday., Online shopping behemoth Alibaba is going to debut on the NASDAQ Sept. 16. We want to know: what do YOU want to know about the internet retailer? Let us know in the comments., Britain raised its international terrorism threat level to the second-highest level of "severe" on Friday in response to possible attacks being planned in Syria and Iraq, Home Secretary Theresa May said.  
As the global threat of terrorism continues, do terror alerts make you feel more or less safe? Give us #YourSay for tonight's show!, The last time the terror threat level was raised to 'severe' was in September 2010 — in response to the attempt to detonate a bomb on a U.S. passenger plane over Detroit. It was last at the highest level ('critical') in June 2007, after a car on fire was driven into the Glasgow Airport terminal building and, separately, two devices were found in cars in central London., It was supposed to be a shining moment for Afghanistan’s young democracy as millions cast their ballots in April to decide who they wanted as their next president. After preliminary results from the runoff showed candidate Ghani leading by a big margin, candidate Abdullah accused him and the current Afghan President, Hamid Karzai, of rigging the vote., Implementing WHO's Ebola plan will require more expert staff, better training, and specialized equipment, as well as access to better equipment to quickly and accurately diagnose the virus, allowing for rapid isolation and treatment., Watch The Heat coming up at 7pm. Afghanistan’s election crisis continues. A massive vote audit is still underway. When will the troubled nation have a new president? And will Afghans accept the result?, “ISIL posses an immediate threat to the people of Iraq and the people throughout the region,” said President Barack Obama. “That’s why our military action in Iraq has to be part of a broader comprehensive strategy to protect our people and support our partners who are taking the fight to ISIL.”, It is the largest amount recovered by Chinese police in a single case in recent years., How deadly is the current Ebola outbreak? Use our interactive to find out.  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=10371, Russia says it has no involvement in the conflict between separatist militias and the Ukrainian military, in which more than 2,200 people have been killed since April., This rendering of the new CCTV building in Beijing made Gizmodo's World's Coolest Skyscrapers list!

You can download the full-size image from ilikearchitecture.net: http://www.ilikearchitecture.net/2014/04/cctv-headquarters-may-2014-wallpaper/, Alibaba, which the Wall Street Journal called “a mix of Amazon, eBay, and PayPal with a dash of Google,” had a gross merchandise volume of ¥1.5 trillion ($248 billion) in 2013 on its three major trading platforms, more than those of eBay and Amazon.com combined.  Read the full story..., The government aims to pass a bill creating a new account in Argentina to deposit future debt repayments., About a quarter of Palestinian deaths in the current Gaza war have been children., Colombia's government says "Bring IT On", Douglas McCain was fighting with the Islamic State in Syria, Ebola killed 5 people in Nigeria, but health officials there seem to have succeeded in containing the fatal virus., CCTV America's Sean Callebs spent the day at an Iraqi refugee camp holding 150,000 displaced people., The Nigerian Ministry of Health has ordered all schools to remain closed until mid-October to minimize the spread of Ebola. As the virus spreads, how worried are you about the outbreak compared to a month ago?  Share your thoughts using #YourSay., Intelligence gathered by U.S. military surveillance flights over Syria could support a broad bombing campaign. But officials differ on whether airstrikes would be the best option to take., Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin have met for the first time since June., A group of wine cooperatives in southwestern France has joined forces with leading scientists to "liberate" the flavors most prized by consumers in growing wine markets from China to the US. To see more details, watch Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., Ukraine claims Russia has opened a new war front., What are the most likely consequences if the US strikes ISIL in Syria ? #YourSay, According to The Associated Press, Egypt state TV is reporting that a cease-fire has been reached between Hamas and Israel in war that killed more than 2,200 people. 

A Palestinian family looks from a window to the rubble of the collapsed 15-story Basha Tower following early morning Israeli airstrikes in Gaza City, Tuesday, Aug. 26, 2014. Israel bombed two Gaza City high-rises with dozens of homes and shops Tuesday, collapsing the 15-story Basha Tower and severely damaging the Italian Complex in a further escalation in seven weeks of cross-border fighting with Hamas. Photo: AP/Khalil Hamra, Islamic State forces are attacking the Turkmen people, and have isolated the town of Amerli., U.S. President Barack Obama is to consider air strikes in #Syria in the battle against #jihadist terrorists who beheaded an American journalist. #YourSay Should the US launch airstrikes in Syria?, The owners of online gaming platform Twitch are getting ready to make big bucks. Amazon is buying it., The funeral program of slain 18-year-old Michael Brown Jr. is shown at funeral services at Friendly Temple Missionary Baptist Church in St. Louis, Missouri on August 25, 2014. (Photo: AFP/Michael B. Thomas), Curtis’ release is likely to renew questions about the intentions of different militant groups in Syria and Iraq, and how the U.S. should deal with hostage takers., French Economy Minister Arnaud Montebourg waves during a press conference at the French economy ministry in Paris on August 25, 21014. Montebourg, whose criticism of the country's economic policies prompted the prime minister to tender the government's resignation, said he would not figure in the reshuffled cabinet. (Photo: AFP/Eric Piermont), Lesley McSpadden stands before the casket of her son Michael Brown during funeral services at Friendly Temple Missionary Baptist Church in St. Louis, Missouri on August 25, 2014. Thousands of mourners filled the Baptist church Monday for the funeral. Civil rights leaders and celebrities joined family and friends to pay final respects to Brown. (Photo: AFP/Richard Perry), A camera on China's Gaofen satellite can ID objects less than 2 meters long. It found a huge pot farm recently., President Hollande has accepted the French government's resignation and ordered PM Valls to form a new government by Tuesday. The new government is unlikely to include Economy Minister Montebourg, who recently criticized the government's economic policies. Other left-wing Socialists are also expected to be let go in the reshuffle. There will be no new election., The more than two weeks since Michael Brown’s death have been marked by nightly protests, some violent and chaotic, although tensions have eased in recent days., Today the Standard & Poor's 500 index trades above 2,000 points for the first time. The U.S. stock market is now trading at a record high. 

Pictured below is trader Tommy Kalikas working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday, Aug. 21, 2014. (Photo: AP/Richard Drew), Ferguson community resumes local events after shooting, Chinese medical worker in Guinea survives after Ebola contact, Ukraine: Russian convoy leaves, P.O.W. demonstrations in Donetsk, Iran has no plans to send troops into Iraq, ISRAELI AIRSTRIKES HIT SEVERAL BUILDINGS IN GAZA, Breaking news: US journalist released after 2 yr imprisonment in Syria, Happy Birthday, Bao Bao! Bao Bao sat under the “longevity” poster during a Zhuazhou birthday ceremony on her first birthday celebration at the National Zoo on August 23, 2014 in Washington, DC. During the Zhuazhou ceremony, a baby picks a symbolic object which will supposedly foretell the future. Photo: AFP/Mandel Ngan, The Colombian mochila has become the trendy, handcrafted bag that sells expensively around the world. However, few know the humble roots of the bag, with its origins in the impoverished wayuu tribe of Colombia., As the conflict in Gaza continues, children are denied access to school. While schools across Palestine open, those in the conflict zone stay closed., The practical business of government in Thailand is slowly restarting after the coup, with the passing of a budget and the formation of a legislative assembly last week. Despite of assurances that democracy will be restored, many fear that the military will be reluctant to relinquish control., Colombian tribe suffers despite profits from handmade bags, Cubans petition UN to make Rumba part of world's cultural heritage http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=10041, Professor of James Foley remembers his passion for reporting http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=10032, Small businesses in Ferguson suffer due to protests http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=10026, “Our reagent is able to complete the test process for the Ebola virus within three to four hours of obtaining a sample of a suspicious patient,” said Liu Yan, sales manager of Shenzhen Puruikang Biotechnology Co., Ltd. , How should #surrogacy be regulated? #Yoursay A gay Australian couple have been stopped from leaving #Thailand with a baby for having incomplete documents for the infant, immigration police said, in the latest twist in a widening surrogacy scandal in the kingdom., Ethiopia steps up security against Ebola http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=10021, The Russian Foreign Ministry said it had lost patience with Ukraine’s stalling tactics and claimed that soon “there will no longer be anyone left to help” in Luhansk, a war-torn city that Ukrainian forces are trying to recapture., “We will uphold the guidelines of amity, sincerity, mutual benefit and inclusiveness in neighborhood diplomacy,” Chinese President Xi Jinping said to Mongolia's parliament Friday.
Click on the link below to watch the speech.
, Islamic State militants have been trying to convince members of two prominent local Sunni tribes — the Oal-Waisi and al-Jabour — to join them but they have thus far refused., null, How does the monthly minimum wage rate differ among countries? For one, Mexico’s minimum wage remains among the lowest in the world. However, other countries' rates are not so far off., The recent violence in Ferguson has brought light to the recurring topic of racial inequality in the U.S. What is the extent of racially motivated police brutality in the United States? Have generational and class divides hindered the current civil rights movement? Find out more on today's edition of The Heat., The execution of journalist James Foley is launching a debate about negotiating with terrorists. Should ransom be paid for kidnap victims? Comment with #YourSay., Recent U.S. airstrikes work to keep IS forces from the Mosul dam, the largest dam in Iraq. Why do IS forces want to gain control of the dam? It turns out the Mosul dam is key for not only electricity and water, but also morale in the country., The American Farm Bureau says U.S. agriculture is projected to lose about $850 million of annual export trade business to Russia because of its new retaliatory sanctions. What are the impacts? To see more details, watch Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., The high-profile crime has led to the arrest of nearly 1,000 cult suspects. , Two aid workers infected with the Ebola virus, have been discharged from a U.S hospital after being treated with the experimental drug ZMapp.  
At least 1,350 have died since the Ebola outbreak was identified in remote southeastern Guinea in December, according to the WHO. , “I am the attorney general of the United States. But I am also a black man,” Eric Holder told people in Ferguson, noting that he understood their mistrust of police. “I've confronted this myself.”, One of Brazil's more popular presidential candidates didn't learn to read until she was a teen. , Terrorism experts say hundreds of fighters from Europe, North America and Australia have gone to Syria since the war began there., Hospital officials expect an increasing number of casualties to arrive within days., James Foley's beheader had a distinctly British accent – which may help intelligence experts track him down quicker. , More than a third of a million Ukrainians have been forced to flee their homes. , The White House has confirmed the authenticity of a chilling video showing the murder of America journalist James Foley by the Islamic State militant group.  We want to hear #YourSay.  What more can be done to protect journalists covering conflict?, Instead of tourists, hotels are filling up with refugees. , Wednesday marked a turning point in the history of Ebola: the current East Africa outbreak has now caused more cases of the deadly virus than all previous Ebola outbreaks combined. 

READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=9755 

AP photo., In referring to Foley, Obama said,”He courageously told the stories of his fellow human beings…Today the American people will all say a prayer for those who loved him.”, To help half a million people displaced by violence in northern Iraq, the U.N. is launching one of its largest aid operations. The aid will include tents, sheets, food; it's a global effort including the U.S., Saudi Arabia, Norway, and one of the U.N.’s corporate partners -- IKEA. 

READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=9717

Creative Common photo by Gerard Stolk via flickr., A message from Jim's mom, Diane Foley: We have never been prouder of our son Jim. He gave his life trying to expose the world to the suffering of the Syrian people., The Obama administration is still trying to confirm the authenticity of a video that claims to show the beheading of American journalist, James Foley, by the Islamic State. If the authenticity of the video is proven, could this bring about a mission creep in Iraq?, BREAKING: Liberia's president declares curfew, quarantine of large slum amid mounting Ebola death toll. Pictured here is the now quarantined West Point district in Monrovia on August 17, 2014. (Photo: AFP/Zoom Dosso), Three years after the overthrow of Muammur Gaddafi, Libya is nowhere near peace and stability. In the latest escalation, Libyan factions traded gunfire and mortars in Tripoli over the weekend. How should the world respond to the Libyan government’s plea for intervention?, Elephants are the largest land roaming animals on earth but with that impressive honor does come with one drawback, they can leave a trail of destruction while foraging in the bush. How should human beings deal with this? To see more details, watch Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., Of the 12 cases in Nigeria, one person has fully recovered. This is good news according to the World Health Organization, because “it counters the widespread perception that infection with the Ebola virus is invariably a death sentence.”, Israel recalls team from Gaza cease-fire talks:, Click below to see video of rescue efforts in China after a blast in a  coal mine trapped 27 people underground:, Sure the Ice Bucket Challenge is all over your Facebook feed. Now it's also on Chinese social media, WeChat and Sina Weibo. It's working. Raised $22 million so far compared to $1.9 million for same time period last year. Have you done it yet? Comment with your link. , null, Eyewitness account: humanitarian tragedy in Iraq, UN condemns new violence in Libya, Wikileaks founder may leave Ecuador embassy in London, Islamic State militants: Who are they and why haven't they been stopped?, Iraqi and Kurdish forces recapture Mosul dam, Obama addresses, Obama addresses Ferguson shooting, Conflict in Gaza: 24 hour truce reported, "We will continue to pursue a long term strategy to turn the tide against ISIL," U.S. President Barack Obama said Monday at a press conference about the situations in Iraq and Ferguson.  

"There’s no excuse for excessive force by police," Obama said a few minutes later, referring to the violence in Ferguson. "Ours is a nation of laws."

Photo by CCTV America's Jessica Stone. READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=9584, President Obama took a break from his vacation at Martha's Vineyard to return to Washington and attend meetings on the escalating situations in both Iraq and Ferguson, Missouri. , Ukrainian military blames rebels for rising civilian death toll
, BREAKING: Pope Francis said he supported the use of force in Iraq to stop Islamic militants from attacking religious minorities. He asked for international support as well as UN approval and action. The Pope is also considering going to northern Iraq to show solidarity with persecuted Christians. (Photo: AFP/Vincenzo Pinto), Seen from the air, Friendship Park is what the observers say is one of the most damning symbols of the U.S government’s failed immigration policy. , China has accused Mercedes-Benz of price fixing, state media reported, amid an anti-monopoly investigation into foreign car makers. (Photo: AFP/Greg Baker), What would you pay for the "most important collector car in the world?" 

, With all the crises in the world, do you think some deserve more attention than others? 

"There are many many crises, in eastern Ukraine, in Iraq, in Syria, in Libya, in Gaza. But there are also many humanitarian crises around the world, in Central Africa Republic and Mali. And there is a donor fatigue, there is a political-focus fatigue is you like, so it's really important that we don't lose sight of countries where there is a real chance of making a difference." - Ambassador Mark Lyall Grant, UN Security Council President
, A forensic pathologist who assisted in the autopsy of Michael Brown stands near a diagram showing where the gun shots hit Brown as he speaks about the findings during a press conference at the Greater St. Marks Family Church on August 18, 2014 in Ferguson, Missouri. (Photo: AFP/Joe Raedle), Yusef Petros is a devout Catholic and a security guard at his church near Mosul. He became a target when Islamic State militants stormed his city. When they saw the Virgin Mary tattoo on his arm, they threatened to slice it off. "I told them to cut my throat, because this is what is protecting me.", Click below for video of clashes on the streets of Ferguson, Missouri as race protests enter second week:, Filipino-American Ava Lorein Verdeflor competes on the uneven bars during the qualification round of the artistic gymnastics competition at the 2014 Youth Olympic Games in Nanjing, in eastern China's Jiangsu province on August 18, 2014. (Photo: AFP/Johannes Eisele), The U.S. National Guard are deployed to Ferguson, Missouri as race protests enter a second week., WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said Monday he would "soon" leave Ecuador's embassy in London. However, his organization said he would not depart until there was an agreement with Britain's government. (Photo: AFP/ John Stillwell), Kenneth Cole stomps out AIDS stigma with "sole.", Thousands gather at the funeral for Brazil's Eduardo Campos., Russian separatists planning major offensive in eastern Ukraine, 'Anti-antibiotic' era could start as early as 2020, Roads re-open in Syria, but civil war continues, Sunday on Americas Now we look at a tragic aspect of the immigration problem. Families divided on either side of a 18-foot-high steel fence meet at  Friendship Park along the U.S.-Mexico border. 8pm EDT., Kurds recapture Mosul dam with help of US airstrikes, Relatives of Nigerian Ebola victims speak out, Ebola fears rise after clinic is raided in Liberia, Violence in Ferguson: police clash with protesters, Last HIV Generation Project hopes for end to AIDS, Kenneth Cole stomps out AIDS stigma with sole, Argentinian Tango World Championship means uptick in local tourism, Missouri Governor declares state of emergency in Ferguson, British think tank: Islamist uprising in Iraq result of failures , Vintage Ferrari available for over $38 million, Forgotten conflicts: UNSC calls for focus on South Sudan and Somalia, No shortage of horror for Iraqi refugees, Nigerian health officials try experimental Ebola drug in hope for cure, Israel becomes high-tech startup nation, Exclusive: Mariela Castro helps to transform Cuba, Advanced US labs could start developing Ebola treatmetns, UN resolution may help end Iraq crisis, The Heat: Ferguson shooting sparks debate over race and 'militarized' law enforcement, EU holds emergency meeting on Ukraine and Iraq crises, Thousands of refugees in Iraq lack basic supplies http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=9412, New figures out from the World Health Organization put the death toll from Ebola at 1,145, but the organization cautioned the true cost in human life is likely vastly underestimated. 

MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=9407 , The sailing team from China and South Africa races near a barge August 15, 2014 in New York. Amateur sailors on 19 teams from more than a dozen countries competed in the sixth "Dennis Conner International Yacht Club Challenge" races in New york Harbor., Police stand watch as demonstrators protest the shooting death of teenager Michael Brown on August 13, 2014 in Ferguson, Missouri. Brown was shot and killed by a Ferguson police officer on August 9. Police in Ferguson have changed their procedure for dealing with the protests after being chastised for a heavy-handed approach which has resulted in four days of violence. Have U.S. local police forces become too militarized? Give us #YourSay, Ferguson Police chief: Initial incident between Michael Brown and officer Darren Wilson was related to blocking traffic, was not related to robbery as previously thought. 

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=9388, Read the police report on the shooting of Michael Brown by Ferguson, police officer Darren Wilson., See what various people and organizations around the world are doing to end the scourge -- and the stigma -- of HIV and AIDS. Watch Full Frame Saturday at 7pm EDT., null, Is your school on the list? Shanghai's Jiaotong University is one of China's top schools, with a reputation for turning out a steady supply of scientists and engineers to contribute to the nation's development. It released its annual "Academic Ranking of World Universities," listing what it sees as the 500 best schools in the world. It uses criteria like the number of Nobel prizes and Fields medals won by staff and alumni, the number of highly cited researchers on staff, and the number of articles by staff published in Nature and Science magazines., A police officer standing watch as demonstrators protest the shooting death of teenager Michael Brown conceals their identity on August 13, 2014 in Ferguson, Missouri. Brown was shot and killed by a police officer on Saturday. Ferguson, a St. Louis suburb, is experiencing its fourth day of protests since the killing., Dueling convoys are headed to war-torn eastern Ukraine: one from Kiev, one from Russia.
The Russian trucks are stopped just short of the border choosing to head toward a separatist-held checkpoint rather than a government-controlled border crossing on the way to Luhansk.  We want to hear #YourSay.  What do you think of Russia’s humanitarian aid to Ukraine?, It's more teatime than Terminator. A restaurant in China's Kunshan city is electrifying customers by using more than a dozen robots to cook and deliver food., #Russia defends sending aid convoy to eastern #Ukraine:, Barack Obama: #US broke Islamic militants' siege on #Iraq mountain, WATCH NOW: Barack Obama speaks on #Iraq and race protests in #Missouri:, On Thursday the World Health Organization reiterated its position that the risk of transmission of Ebola virus disease during air travel is low, mainly because it's not an airborne infection. Here's everything you need to know about Ebola: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/08/13/heres-what-you-need-to-know-about-ebola, #Israel and #Hamas extend the #Gaza truce for five more days after rocky start. , null, Bullfighters are on hunger strike in Bogota after their sport is banned, Kerry addresses the US 'Pivot to Asia', Celebration in Cuba for Fidel Castro's 88th birthday, As Ebola spreads in Nigeria, it becomes more and more difficult to recruit medical workers. , With NASA's shrinking budget, private collaborations may be key to further space exploration., The Heat: Containing the Islamic State in Iraq, U.S. President Barack Obama authorised targeted air strikes against militant jihadists to assist in protection of civilians. Will the increased international intervention in #Iraq curb the #Islamic #State? Give us #YourSay! #ISIL #ISIS, null, Cars are abandoned on a flooded Brooke Ave following heavy rains and flash flooding on August 13, 2014 in Bayshore, New York. The south shore of Long Island along with the tri-state region saw record setting rain that caused roads to flood entrapping some motorists., Rescuers stand near a train after it was derailed by a landslide near Tiefencastel, in a mountainous part of eastern Switzerland, on August 13, 1014. A landslide derailed a passenger train in the Swiss mountains on August 13 sending one carriage plunging into a ravine but it appeared that miraculously there had been no deaths., Brazilian presidential candidate Eduardo Campos was killed Wednesday morning in the crash of a small plane in Santos, Brazil, the country's state news outlet Agencia Brasil reported. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=9197, U.S. Secretary of State #JohnKerry holds a memorial wreath on August 13, 2014 in #Honiara, Solomon Islands, during a visit to the American Memorial on Guadalcanal. He spoke of the importance of the Solomons at the start of the U.S. offensive in the Pacific after the bombing of Pearl Harbor, and hailed the sacrifice of U.S. and Allied forces in the Guadalcanal campaign as he noted the pivotal role played by the Solomon Islands in World War II., Pope Francis waves as he boards the plane that will carry him to South Korea, on August 13, 2014 at Rome's Fiumicino international airport. Pope Francis travels to South Korea with a message of peace for the divided peninsula on his first papal visit to Asia, where the Catholic Church is undergoing dramatic growth., Guangzhou's Chimelong Safari Park unveiled newborn panda triplets billed as the world's first surviving trio, in what it hailed as a "miracle" given the animal's famously low reproductive rate., With a new temporary truce in place, negotiators from Israel and #Hamas have resumed indirect talks to reach a long-term cease-fire in #Gaza. We’ll ask representatives of Hamas and #Israel about reports of some progress, and what lies ahead for the people of Gaza and the Jewish state., As #Colombia’s government and the guerrilla group #FARC negotiate an end to 50 years of armed conflict, Colombia victims have been waiting for their turn to participate., Thousands of #Yazidis, members of an ethnic minority have been trapped on Mount Sinjar for about a week now. Some have been rescued by Kurdish fighters but they really have nowhere to go.#Iraq #US #UN, Give us Your Say. What more should be done to help those suffering from mental illness? Comment below., Doesn't it look so real? Visitors pose in front of a "#3D #painting" during a Magic Art Special exhibition outside a television #tower in #Beijing on August 12, 2014. Visitors are encouraged to interact with the lifelike images by reaching out to touch the artworks., #Iraq military helicopter crashes in Sinjar Mountains delivering aid to displaced refugees:, This picture taken on August 12, 2014, during the World elephant day, shows orphaned baby elephants at the David Sheldrick Elephant Orphanage, at the Nairobi National Park, in Nairobi. Africa's elephants are under extreme threat from poaching, ivory trafficking, human-elephant conflict, and habitat loss., #Russian President Vladimir #Putin shakes hands with his Egyptian counterpart #Abdel Fattah al-Sisi during their meeting at the Bocharov Ruchei residence in #Sochi on August 12, 2014 during the Egyptian leader's first official visit to Russia., #Nepalese men hold onto a goat during an ancient annual Hindu festival ritual in #Khokana village, on the outskirts of Kathmandu. In the ritual, a sacrificial female baby goat is thrown into a pond as local men in teams from localities compete to kill it, with the belief that whoever takes the prize will have a prosperous year ahead., Robin Williams remembered by some of his most memorable performances. Watch the videos on this story. What are your favorite Robin Williams moments? COMMENT and SHARE below.
, Flowers and momentos left by fans are seen at #RobinWilliams' star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is seen in Hollywood, California. Academy Award-winning actor and comedian Robin Williams was found dead in his Marin County home earlier yesterday of an apparent suicide. He was 63 years old., A displaced Iraqi boy from the #Yazidi community eats a piece of bread and holds a bottle of water as they cross the Iraqi-Syrian border at the #Fishkhabur crossing, in northern Iraq. At least 20,000 civilians, most of whom are from the Yazidi community, who had been besieged by jihadists on a mountain in northern Iraq have safely escaped to Syria and been escorted by #Kurdish forces back into Iraq, officials said., A photo shows the traditionnal summer light show of the Cathedral in the center of #Strasbourg, eastern #France. The city of Strasbourg will celebrate the millennium of its Cathedral, from September 2014 to September 2015., This undated handout photo released on August 12, 2014 from the #Chimelong Group shows newborn panda triplets inside an incubator at a safari park in the southern Chinese city of #Guangzhou. Guangzhou's Chimelong Safari Park unveiled newborn panda triplets billed as the world's first surviving trio, in what it hailed as a "miracle" given the animal's famously low reproductive rate.Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=9080, Rwandan CEO on his country's economic potential, Abandoned Canadian town may become new energy hub, Ethics test: Who gets experimental Ebola drug? http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=9055, The Heat: Iraq political tension heightens, Any films starring Robin Williams you watched before? How will he be remembered? #Oscar-winning #actor and comedian #Robin #Williams was found dead at his home in California from #suspected #suicide, police said August 11, 2014. A statement from the Marin County Sheriff's Department said the 63-year-old funnyman was found shortly before midday at his home in Tiburon, northern California., Chinese medical teams aid Ebola-stricken countries, Ethical issues over experimental Ebola drug, International Temple Zone in China features exotic shrines http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=9017, Give us #Yoursay: Do you think the experimental drug ZMapp should be made available to anyone infected with the deadly virus Ebola who wants it?  Comment below., Tonight on The Heat: The crisis in Iraq deepens. In the north, Kurdish forces try to beat back Islamic State fighters. Thousands still trapped on Mount Sinjar are caught in a desperate fight for their lives. Some are now calling it a humanitarian nightmare. While in Baghdad, there’s an all-out political power struggle. Tonight at 7pm EST, 7AM Beijing. Watch at www.cctvamericalive.com, The #full #moon descends behind the Nossa Senhora da Penha Church in Rio de Janeiro, #Brazil, on August 10, 2014. In this time of the year the orb is at the closest point to the #Earth. Experts name this phenomenon the #supermoon or perigee., null, 25 years ago, the introduction of the deadly Ebola virus to Americans came courtesy of an outbreak in the U.S. state of Virginia  that turned out to be completely nonlethal -- to people. 

Photo provided by Dr. Jerry Jaax, taken in Dec. 1989, and shows the Veterinary Medicine Division team from US Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases in the hot zone, Nonhuman primate quarantine facility in Reston, Va. AP/Gerald Jaax, RAW AP VIDEO: Yazidi children rescued from mountain by Iraqi airlift. 

Tens of thousands of Yazidis fled in a panic from marauding ISIS militants more than a week ago, and Kurdish authorities believe that thousands are still stranded in the mountains. More: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8991, Tune in this week for CCTV America correspondent @seancctv's  #Iraq coverage, Tony Hawk talks about how he got into skateboarding and how he is  devoted to creating safe, legal places for kids to skate. Hawk’s foundation has donated more than $5 million to nearly 500 skate park projects throughout the United States, especially in low-income gang-ridden neighborhoods. Tony Hawk, null, NGOs are pitching in to help China quake victims, Ancient sites in Myanmar made the UNESCO World Heritage List, Plane crashes and burns in Iran, Muslim Brotherhood's political power dissolved in Egypt, DC's Art Museum of the Americas is a hidden gem, Chuao, Venezuela major producer of cocoa beans, Bolero, the music of love, celebrated, In Colombia, floatable housing a solution for adapting to climate change, Ukrainian troops tighten their grip on rebel-held Donetsk, Video of trapped Iraqi refugees released, Prime Minister wins presidency in Turkey's first direct election, Israel and Hamas accept Egyptian cease-fire deal, Ebola epidemic affecting even those without virus, American icon Smokey Bear turns 70 years old, Iraq: Kurds retake two towns from IS, as US continues airstrikes, Share trading in Malaysia Airlines suspended, Markets react to Iraq's turmoil http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8871, #Tencent Holdings, which created the hugely popular #WeChat app, said the company will continue to maintain the health and security of cyberspace. Representatives from #China’s popular instant messaging apps and media discussed what it takes to maintain clean #cyberspace., In #Denmark, a group of #Yazidi people — an Iraqi minority — are calling on the international community to rescue their relatives stranded on the mountain tops in northern #Iraq. And they want to see the Islamic State militants who are surrounding them, punished., #Chicago is the third most-populous city in the #US. Yet with the highest number of all American cities. #Illinois has a new law that gives juvenile offenders a clean arrest record once they turn 18., How concerned are you about the stability of Iraq? Give us #YourSay in the comments below., Israeli military on standby after Hamas fires rockets into Israel http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8834, South African Paralympian Oscar #Pistorius turned murder-suspect will soon face a verdict over the shooting death of his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp. Defense and prosecution closing arguments have been completed. , US position on Iraq changes amidst conflict with Islamic State, A macaque monkey emerges from a waste bin after searching for food in a country park in Hong Kong on August 8, 2014. #Monkey nuisance #complaints in Hong Kong rose to 529 incidents last year, the highest in 5 years, according to government figures, with an increasing reliance on #humans for #food being blamed for growing aggression as their population expands in the territory's country parks., Ukraine hits Russia back with sanctions, violence continues http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8829, Tonight on The Heat: Just two-and-a-half years after U.S. troops left Iraq, American fighter jets are bombing Islamic State fighters in Iraq to protect Yazidi Kurds.
 
For war-weary Americans, the debate centers around should the U.S. get involved in Iraq AGAIN? Will there be boots on the ground AGAIN? 

Live in DC we'll have the Ambassador of Iraq to the US, a senior lecturer on international relations from American University, and the founder of a strategic risk consultancy. Live from LA a member of the Kurdish National Conference of North America will join the show. 
 
We'll discuss these issues live tonight at 7 pm. est, 7am Beijing. Tune in: www.cctvamericalive.com, Nuclear waste plant remains closed months after radiation leak, Earthquake relief efforts continue as death toll reaches 615 , Ebola vaccine in the works at US lab, Colombian President takes second term, calls for peace http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8739, Fighting starts again almost immediately after cease-fire expires. Our  infographic shows the number of reported dead on each side as of August 4th, when the cease-fire began. , null, Malawi's President: There's room for both China, US to invest in Malawi, Mexico opens energy sector to private investors, U.S. President Barack Obama speaks about the situation in Iraq in the State Dining Room at the White House in Washington, DC, August 7, 2014. #Obama said he authorized #air #strikes and relief supply drops in #Iraq to prevent "genocide" by Islamist extremists against minorities. "We can act, carefully and responsibly, to prevent a potential act of genocide," Obama said, in an address as he announced military action., BREAKING NEWS
#IRAQ TURMOIL: #OBAMA SAYS U.S. MILTARY AUTHORIZED TO MAKE TARGETED AIRSTRIKES IN IRAQ IF NECESSARY.

WATCH THE LIVESTREAM HERE:
http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream.html, China's iDreamSky begins trading at Nasdaq http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8744, Tonight on The Heat: The Ebola epidemic continues with more than 930 people dead and more cases being reported every day. Can it be contained? Or could it become a global health crisis? Watch The Heat at 7pm est, 7am Beijing.  www.cctvamericalive.com, An elderly #earthquake #survivor is helped by his grandson as they walk through the rubble of collapsed houses at Longtoushan, in China's southwest #Yunnan province on August 7, 2014. The death toll from an earthquake that devastated a remote region of China jumped to nearly 600 people on August 6, authorities said., CCTV America correspondent Jessica Stone interviewed #Malawi's new president Peter Mutharika and asked him how his 40 years in the United States as a law professor have shaped his approach to lead one of the #poorest #African countries. To see more details watch Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., The U.S. says it's considering airstrikes in northern Iraq and food and medicine airdrops to assist trapped minorities. We want to hear #YourSay.  Should the U.S. launch air strikes in Iraq?, U.S. Secretary of State John #Kerry has made an unannounced visit to #Afghanistan amid turmoil in the South Asian country., The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude-4.5 earthquake has rattled #Hawaii's Big Island, as two hurricanes rumbled toward the islands. The temblor struck on the north tip of the Big Island, about 7 miles from Waimea at 6:24 a.m. local time., #PrinceWilliam is taking a new job. The British royal is set to begin training as a helicopter rescue pilot., China to punish Audi, Chrysler for monopoly http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8641, Life in Cuban prison takes last toll on American man, President Barack Obama comments on summit, Spacecraft lands on comet after 10-year journey, Islamic militants threaten Africa and US' economic relationship, The fragile ceasefire in the #Gaza Strip entered a second day while Israeli and Palestinian delegations prepared for crunch talks in #Cairo to try to extend the 72-hour truce. The ceasefire, which came into effect on August 5, has brought relief to both sides after one month of fighting killed 1,875 #Palestinians and 67 people on the Israeli side, Pakistani minority #Sikhs protest against the killing of a colleague on a street in Peshawar on August 6, 2014. A Sikh trader was shot dead and two others injured when unknown gunmen opened fire on them in Peshawar. AFP/Photo., Amazing video! Story of survival from the 6.5 earthquake that hit China this week. Like and Share.
, An official family photo of President #Obama with leaders from #Africa during the U.S.-Africa Leaders Summit at the State Department August 6, 2014 in Washington, DC. Obama hosted last day of the first-ever summit to strengthen ties between the #US and African nations. AFP/PHOTO., #Japan marked the 69th anniversary of the bombing of #Hiroshima on Wednesday. People gathered to pray for the victims at the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park. Give us #YourSay! Should we be more concerned about nuclear weapons?, China is to scrap the distinction between its #urban and #rural household registration systems, promising migrant workers greater social benefits as it pushes an #urbanization drive that has seen hundreds of #millions of people move to #cities. A Chinese boy reacts as he prepares to pose for a photo with a #dinosaur model at a mall in #Beijing on August 6, 2014., The 72-hour truce agreed to on Tuesday after four weeks of #Gaza conflict is still holding. #Egypt is trying to secure a week-long extension. , Over $1 billion is spent on nuclear weapons research every year at Los Alamos National Laboratory.  Should we be more concerned about nuclear weapons?  Share your thoughts using #YourSay

Pictured: Los Alamos National Laboratory, New Mexico, Four days after Sunday’s devastating quake, the search for possible survivors is nearing its end. Now residents in the quake zone are trying to pick up the pieces of their lives. , #NATO is warning that Russia may be poised to send troops into #Ukraine. The alliance says #Moscow might use a humanitarian mission as an excuse to cross the border., The first ever U.S.-Africa Leaders’ Summit is wrapping in Washington DC. Nearly 50 heads of state have taken part in the 3-day event to discuss deeper ties and trade opportunities with the U.S.  But why this summit now?  Is the U.S. playing catch up with China? We’ll speak to a senior U.S. State Department official.  And we’ll have African and Chinese perspectives, too.  The Heat at 7pm Eastern, 7am Beijing., U.S. First Lady #MichelleObama speaks during "Investing in Our Future" at the U.S. - Africa Leaders’ Summit at the #KennedyCenter August 6, 2014 in Washington, DC. The day-long symposium will bring together First Lady Michelle Obama, Mrs. Laura Bush, African first spouses from nearly 30 countries, leaders from non-governmental and non-profit organizations, private sector partners, and other leading experts., A #Palestinian man looks out over destruction in part of Gaza City's al-Tufah neighbourhood as the fragile ceasefire in the #GazaStrip entered a second day on August 6, 2014 while Israeli and Palestinian delegations prepared for crunch talks in Cairo to try to extend the 72-hour truce. The ceasefire, which came into effect on August 5, has brought relief to both sides after one month of fighting killed 1,875 Palestinians and 67 people on the #Israeli side., A picture taken on August 6, 2014 at the #Bichat Hospital in #Paris shows one of the rooms especially prepared for potential patients infected by the #Ebola virus. Since breaking out earlier this year, the disease has claimed 932 lives and infected more than 1,700 people across west #Africa, according to the World Health Organization., #Spanish King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia pose with their daughters Spanish crown princess Leonor and princess Sofia at the Marivent Palace on the island of #Mallorca on August 5, 2014. The royal family traditionally spends its summer holidays at the #MariventPalace., A frame grab from a video released on August 6, 2014 from the Public Transport Authority of Western #Australia shows commuters pushing a train to free a passenger's leg trapped between the train and the gap in Perth. Dozens of Australians tilted a train to free a commuter whose leg was trapped between a carriage and a platform, with authorities praising their efforts as an example of "people power". Photo credit: AFP photo., Another 179 people have been confirmed dead almost three days after a powerful earthquake devastated southwest #China, bringing the overall toll to close to 600., An earthquake survivor walks through the rubble of collapsed houses at #Longtoushan, in China's southwest #Yunnan province on August 6, 2014. The death toll from an earthquake that devastated a remote region of #China jumped to nearly 600 people, authorities said, as volunteer rescuers were warned away., Ravaging Ebola outbreak affects business in Liberia http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8537, WH Group gains as biggest pork producer debuts in Hong Kong http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8541, The #Ebola outbreak is looming over the #US-#Africa Leaders Summit. Robin Sanders, a former U.S. ambassador to Nigeria, talks about the growing threat of Ebola and why this particular outbreak, compared to those in the past poses a challenge., Speaking before the leaders of 45 African states and hundreds of #US and African business leaders, President #Obama urged American businesses to seize economic opportunities and strengthen its foothold in #Africa. , Kevin and Julia Garratt face serious questions from Chinese authorities. The Canadian couple are suspected of stealing intelligence material about Chinese military targets effectively spying and threatening national security., Tonight on The Heat: Will the Gaza cease-fire hold? Israel and Hamas have agreed on a 3-day ceasefire. What’s next for the people in the region? And why are some Arab states supporting Israel – and NOT Hamas? We’ll talk to leading representative for the PLO and a former Israeli Ambassador to the United States. Coming up on The Heat at 7pm eastern – 7am Beijing., The World Health Organization reports the death toll from the #Ebolaoutbreak in #WestAfrica is approaching 900, with more than 1,600 cases overall. Now airlines are cancelling their flights to infected areas. Give us #YourSay., Supplies are offloaded from a military helicopter at #Longtou, in China's southwest #Yunnan province on August 5, 2014. More than 400 people have died in an #earthquake that devastated a Chinese village, officials said August 5, as relatives face the stark probability that rescuers would only find the remains of their loved ones., Born in Shanghai, Haua Yan Yan has lived in Liberia for 21 years. She owns and runs a restaurant in the central of Liberia's capital. But in recent months, there's been a major problem:The Ebola virus has scared off her customers. Will she still stay in Liberia to look after her business? To see more details watch Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., At the US-Africa summit in Washington, Barack Obama pledges $33B in commitments for #Africa:
, This may be the highest-ranking U.S. military officer to be killed in hostilities overseas since the Vietnam War. , Pope #Francis waves as he arrives for an open-air meeting with #German altar boys and girls in #SaintPeter's Square at the Vatican on August 5, 2014., #Gaza cease-fire: 72-hour truce between Israel and Hamas underway. WATCH Israeli tanks leaving Gaza: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8487, A Palestinian youth holds a window frame as he inspects a destroyed building in the #AlShejaea neighbourhood of #Gaza City on August 5, 2014, after a 72-hour truce agreed by Israel and Hamas went into effect following intense global pressure to end the bloody conflict. Israel announced that all of its troops had withdrawn from the Gaza Strip after completing a mission to destroy a sophisticated network of cross-border attack tunnels, ending a ground operation which began on July 17., #Israeli soldiers wave from their armoured personnel carrier (#APC) rolling along Israel's border with the Palestinian enclave on August 5, 2014, after Israel announced that all of its troops had withdrawn from the #GazaStrip. Israel completed the withdrawal of all troops from Gaza as a 72-hour humanitarian truce went into effect following intense global pressure to end the bloody conflict., Candles burn beside the body of 71-year-old family matriarch He Guixiu in a ceremony after she was found buried in a collapsed house at #Longtoushan, in China's southwest #Yunnan province on August 5, 2014. More than 400 people have died in an earthquake that devastated a Chinese village, state media said, as relatives faced the stark probability that rescuers would only find the remains of their loved ones., Britain's #Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, prepares to 'plant' a ceramic poppy as she visits the Tower of #London's 'Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red' poppy installation, in central London, on August 5, 2014. The installation, will eventually consist of 800,000 ceramic poppies planted in the dry moat over the summer to create a major art installation. In total, 888,246 ceramic poppies will be planted in the moat, one for each #British and Colonial fatality during the war., null, EU leaders commemorate 100th anniversary of World War I, American ebola victims closer to recovery, U.S.-Africa summit: a new era of cooperation, Thailand to build a high-speed railway to China, Boeing says half a million new pilots needed http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8460, Malaysia Airlines forced to review troubled business operations, The road to successful entrepreneurship in South Africa http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8435, Today the U.S. African Leaders Summit kicks off in Washington, D.C. What can be done to help Africa from the outside? Give us #YourSay, For now, #Thailand's trains are going nowhere fast. The state-run #railway carries 50 million passengers a year, but it's long suffered from a lack of investment. But all that may be about to change. Thailand's new military government has approved a $23 billion dollar plan to build two high-speed routes. To see more details watch Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., In the worst #Ebola outbreak in history, the death toll has risen to more than 880 people. The spread of the disease in #WestAfrica has outpaced the efforts to contain the virus with dozens of deaths daily., Representatives of 83 countries — including Belgium, France, Britain, and Germany — gathered Monday to mark the centenary of the First World War in Liege, Belgium. It is the place where fighting started a century ago., Longtoushan Village is located at the epicenter of the earthquake. It's 350 kilometers (219 miles) northeast of Yunnan's capital city #Kunming. The powerful #earthquake reduced 90 percent of the buildings in the village to shambles in just 15 seconds. So far about 70 people have been pulled from the rubble, and 30 have survived. #China , The Dutch-led international team of over 100 experts used detector dogs to continue the search at the #Malaysia Airlines flight 17 crash site. #MH17 #Netherlands, The old Silk Road city of Kashgar in far western #China is the most remote but also the most crucial gate to guard against #terrorism. Chinese soldiers and their families have made incredible sacrifices and are devoted to defending this frontline where terrorists in Afghanistan never stop their attempts to infiltrate. , Children play with swimming rings at the beach in #Xiangshan on the East China Sea on August 3, 2014. As temperatures rose to over 35 degrees Centigrade (95F) many people came out to #cool off in the #water., Displaced Iraqis from the northern town of Sinjar head towards the autonomous Kurdistan region on August 4, 2014, as they seek refuge after Islamic State Sunni militants took control of their hometown. The Islamic State raised its black flag in Sinjar the day before after ousting the Peshmerga troops of Iraq's Kurdish government, forcing thousands of people from their homes. AFP/PHOTO., The bloodshed in #Gaza has claimed more than 1,800 #Palestinian and 67 Israeli lives so far. Here, women in the village of Diraz, Bahrain, protest #Israel's ongoing military offensive in the Gaza Strip on August 4, 2014. Photo: AFP., Nations gather to mark the centenary of #WorldWarI, Lebanese troops battled militants near the Syrian border Sunday in a second day of clashes that the army chief said left 10 soldiers dead and 13 missing, possibly held hostage., Nearly 50 African leaders are gathering in #Washington, D.C. beginning Aug. 3 for the the #US-#Africa Leaders #Summit, the first such event of its kind. African leaders will have an opportunity to engage with  #Obama, his cabinet members, and other key leaders., Terrorism databases are used throughout the world. But, in the U.S., the watch list is a secretive system in which people can be placed with startling ease. Civil liberties groups say innocent people are being put on a “no-fly list” without their knowledge, some being stranded overseas in the process. We’ll explore the transparency of the U.S. program and the legal battle some are facing to clear their names.   That’s coming up on The Heat at 7pm Eastern, 7am in Beijing., Rescuers found scores of survivors on Monday as they dug through homes shattered by an earthquake in southern China that killed at least 398 people and injured more than 1,800., Violent scuffles erupted in the Turkish parliament between opposition and ruling party lawmakers over the formation of a commission into the radical Islamist threat in neighbouring #Iraq. Days ahead of a presidential election where Prime Minister Recep Tayyip #Erdogan will seek to move to become head of state. #Turkey AFP/IMAGE., Lebanese troops battled militants near the Syrian border on August 3 in a second day of clashes that the army chief said left 10 soldiers dead and 13 missing, possibly held hostage. 

Druze soldier Khaldun Rauf Hammud's funeral in Lebanon's eastern Bekaa Valley on August 4, 2014 after he was killed the previous day in clashes between Lebanese army troops and #Islamist militants in the #Arsal area of eastern #Lebanon near the border with #Syria. AFP/PHOTO., null, Investigation on remains of MH17 victims begins, First U.S. Africa leaders summit to kick off in Washington, Israeli troops 'redeployed' to other side of Gaza border, First Sino-Japanese war documents made public, WATCH LIVE: Aftermath of the earthquake in #China's #Yunnan province; and the latest on the #Gaza conflict. , Owl cafe in Tokyo is a hoot!, What is being done to help civilians in Gaza?, Update: Death toll from earthquake in #China's Yunnan province rises to 367. 
READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/08/03/earthquake-hits-chinas-yunnan-province, null, Shinzo Abe to conclude Latin American visit in Brazil http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8259, Middle East policy analyst has insight on Gaza conflict, Can the U.N. trust Hamas?, California heatwave could be record-breaking, The personal belongings of those who were on Flight #MH17 are scattered at the crash site in the Donetsk region, open for display and inspection by over 100 international experts. Friday marked the second time experts were able to arrive safely, and the teams were finally able to begin the recovery work at the wreckage site of the downed Malaysian aircraft. Some believe at least 80 bodies remain at the site. #Ukraine #Russia  #Netherlands, Chinese President Xi Jinping expressed his condolences Friday to the victims and families of gas explosions that rocked Taiwan overnight. At least 26 people were killed and more than 250 were injured in the southern city of Kaoshiung., #RIMPAC is coming to an end. RIMPAC stands for Rim of the Pacific exercise, lasted for 37 days in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. #US #China, Israel-Hamas cease-fire lasts less than a day, DPRK says U.S. is bringing a "crisis of war", Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and his Venezuelan counterpart Nicolas Maduro met in Cartagena on Friday, to address security and economic issues in the border region., China gears up to defend border with Afghanistan, Egypt delays talks after breakdown of cease-fire, U.S. President Barack Obama blames Hamas for cease-fire violation., null, The 72-hour ceasefire between Israelis and palestinians ended over after an Israeli soldier being captured by #Hamas militants.The truce collapsed just hours after it had begun. Secretary General of the U.N., Ban Ki Moon, has condemned the violation of the ceasefire. Do you believe a #Gaza cease-fire can be revived? Give us #Yoursay, U.S. unemployment rate rose slightly to 6.2 percent in July, up from 6.1 percent in June. Here's an interactive version of what 30 years of U.S. unemployment data looks like: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8221, U.S. President Barack Obama is speaking about Congresss, jobs, Gaza, Ukraine and more. Watch live: http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, U.S. President Barack Obama is talking from the White House. Watch it Live here  http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, null, In this image taken from video, U.S. citizen Matthew Todd Miller speaks at an undisclosed location in DPRK on Friday. Two Americans, Miller and Jeffrey Edward Fowle, charged with “anti-state” crimes in DPRK say in a video that they expect to be tried soon and possibly receive long prison terms, and appeal for help from the U.S. government. They made the comments in the video shot by a local AP Television News crew. The crew was taken to a location to meet the detained Americans., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry speaks with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the latter's residence in New Delhi, India on Friday. Kerry is on a three-day visit, his first following the resounding election win of #Modi in May. During this visit, #India raised strong objections to U.S snooping on Indian politicians., A Gaza cease-fire quickly unraveled on Friday, with at least 40 Palestinians killed in Israeli shelling while the military said two soldiers were killed and an infantry officer was feared captured during fighting there. #Israel and #Hamas accused each other of breaking the cease-fire, which had been announced by the U.S. and the U.N. and took effect at 8:00 a.m. Friday. The fighting broke out less than two hours later., null, null, null, null, null, First female chief hotel concierge in Paris, Challenges facing the Philippines as population hit 100M http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8198, null, null, The parents of slain #USC student Ji Xinran cried while coming out of the funeral home in #Alhambra, #California on July 31 2014, where they came to view the body soon after arrival from China. The father, Ji Songbo (C) and mother Du Jinhui (2/L) could not hold back their tears while assisted by family members as a cousin of the father and an English translator made statements to the media. Investigators believe the 24-year-old USC graduate student who was killed near campus last week may have tried to get away from his attackers but was assaulted a second time, law enforcement sources said., Argentina on the verge of technical default http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8166, The explosion, that is believed to have been caused by a #gas leak, killed at least four people and wounded 186 others, in the city of #Kaohsiung in southern #Taiwan. People take pictures of a crater caused by a blast early on August 1, 2014., On July 30, 2014, people walk past shark fins drying on a road in Hong Kong. Hong Kong and #China is one of the world's biggest markets for #shark #fins where it is commonly served as a soup at wedding banquets and corporate parties, but #conservationists say booming demand for fins has put pressure on the world's shark populations prompting calls for measures to restrict their trade., South #Texas continues to boom with #shale exploration and natural gas production, but just across the border #Mexico's richest shale deposits are sitting idle. That may not be for long as Mexico moves to open its #oil and #gas industries to private investment. But challenges still remain. To see more details watch #Biz #Asia tonight at 8 PM EST., Give us #YourSay : Are you concerned #ebola may spread to other countries? Comment here and we may use your response on air. Watch us at www.cctvamericalive.com, There have been three major plane crashes this month resulting in more than 460 deaths. Tonight, we ask the question: How dangerous are the skies for commercial travel? We’ll talk to American pilot and hero Captain C.B. Sully Sullenberger who famously landed his plane on the Hudson River after both engines lost power. That’s coming up on #TheHeat. Tune in at 7pm EDT, 7am Beijing., Behind-the-scenes of CCTV America's #TheHeat: Host Anand Naidoo greets Captain C.B. Sully Sullenberger, who famously landed his plane on the Hudson River after both engines lost power. Don't miss the interview tonight about how safe the skies are for commercial travel. WATCH @ 7PM EDT! MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/category/the-heat, Sierra Leone declared a state of emergency Thursday over the largest Ebola outbreak in history. The movement of people will be restricted, and houses will be searched to find and quarantine Ebola victims. 

The World Health Organization confirmed 729 have died and there have been more than 1,300 cases since the outbreak began in early February in the West African nation of Guinea. 

Between 25 and 90 percent of those who contract Ebola die, depending on the particular strain. There is currently no cure. 

Read more: http://www.cctv-america.com/?s=ebola, null, null, null, America's immigration crisis: Should they stay or should they go? http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8074, #Russia harshly criticized the new sanctions imposed by the #EuropeanUnion and the #UnitedStates. Are you concerned about talk of a new #Cold #War ?, Heavy fighting in #EasternUkraine has prevented investigators from reaching the crash site of #MalaysianAirlines #flight17 for a fourth consecutive day., Health authorities in #SouthAfrica are on high alert over the #Ebola outbreak in West Africa, but they emphasize there is no need to panic. Authorities here say that South African is at low risk of contracting any cases of Ebola disease., #Russia is harshly criticizing the new sanctions imposed by the #EuropeanUnion and the #UnitedStates., #Israeli airstrike hit a crowded marketplace, killing at least 16 people and wounding more than 150., Air chiefs discuss risks of flying over war zones http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8027, #Japan’s jobless rate rose for the first time in ten months in June. Household spending and retail sales fell, raising concerns about the strength of Japan’s domestic #economy. But economists say any slump is likely to be short-lived and the country can avoid #recession. , The Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (#CPC) has placed former domestic security chief Zhou Yongkang under investigation for suspected “serious disciplinary violation” on Tuesday, according to Xinhua, #China’s state-run news agency., Concern is growing among #iPhone users over the safety of their personal data after the discovery of some backdoor entries into the iOS operating system. #Apple #Security #Cyberprivacy, UK shale gas fracking gets go ahead, Japan investing in Colombia  http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=8019, In Sanyuan county of Shaanxi province, the only water source has dried up this week. For villagers, access to safe drinking water is a big issue. #China, In #Russia, opinions are divided over the likely impact of a new round #sanctions imposed by the #US and #EU., Three years after declaring its independence, a civil war has left thousands dead and forced more than a million people from their homes in South Sudan.

Once allies, Salva #Kiir, the President of South Sudan and Riek #Machar, the Leader of the Sudan People’s Liberation Movement are now embattled in a #civilwar in #SouthSudan., As millions of #Muslims mark the end of the holy month of #Ramadan with the #Eid holiday there is little to celebrate as the various conflicts across the #MiddleEast continue. As Al-Jabouri's family unites around the table in the #US, some Iraqis thousands of miles away are not able to. , #Ebola is one of the world’s most lethal viruses with up to nine in 10 infections ending in death. Nearly 700 people have died this year and it may now be spreading further. , Shaanxi, Inner Mongolia face water shortage http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7981, Romanian Prime Minister Victor #Ponta said he will run for the presidency in the EU's second poorest country. The election is set to take place in November when the second-term of incumbent president Traian Basescu, the arch rival of Ponta, comes to an end. Ponta, 41, is seen as the favorite in the race as his Social-Democrat Party (#PSD) is by far the largest political force in Romania. AFP/Image., U.S. Secretary of State John #Kerry defends himself from Israeli criticism. #US #Israel #MiddleEast, Twelve-year-old Mayeli Hernandez wipes tears as she tells her story of escaping her home country of #Honduras in July of 2013, due to increasing violence, during a hearing before the Congressional Progressive Caucus July 29, 2014 on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC. #Immigrationcrisis #border #US AFP/Image., #Japan's jobless rate rose for the first time in 10 months in June. Household spending and retail sales fell, raising concerns about the strength of Japan`s domestic economy. But economists say any slump is likely to be short-lived and the country can avoid #recession. To see more details watch #BizAsia tonight at 8 PM EST., null, Eastern China was bracing for more flight delays on July 29, with reports saying Shanghai's main airports would be down to 25 percent capacity after aviation authorities warned of busy airspace. Passengers pack the waiting hall at #Hongqiao Railway Station which services terminal two at Shanghai Hongqiao International Airport on July 29, 2014. The Civil Aviation Administration of China (CAAC) last week confirmed military exercises are behind widespread flight delays and cancellations in the latter part of July., The current Ebola #outbreak is the #deadliest of its kind in history. The #disease has a fatality rate of 60 percent. Doctors have yet to find a vaccine for the disease, and there is no specific treatment. Do you believe enough is being done to contain #Ebola? Give us #YourSay!, The number of Ground Zero workers reporting to have cancer has doubled within the past year. In 2013, there were 1,140 confirmed cases of cancer among workers and responders at the World Trade Center site. The latest reports now tally the number of cases at 2,518. #September11 #GroundZero #WTC #cancer #health, #Israel airstrikes shut down #Gaza’s only power plant:, Britain's #QueenElizabeth II is introduced to Games volunteers by #Scotland's First Minister Scotland Alex Salmond as she visits the Tollcross International Swimming Centre with #PrincePhilip, The Duke of Edinburgh in Glasgow during the 2014 Commonwealth Games., Britain's #Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, reacts as she plays South African game "Three Tins" during a visit to the 2014 #Commonwealth Games Village in #Glasgow, #Scotland., CCTV America internships http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7937, Zhou Yongkang investigated for serious disciplinary violation http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7926, A Palestinian baby girl, Shayma Sheikh al-Eid, lies in an incubator at #NasserHospital, two days after surgeons delivered her after her 23-year-old mother died, in #KhanYunis in the southern #GazaStrip. The baby's mother died of her wounds after an Israeli air strike hit a house in the central Gaza town of Deir al-Balah, emergency services spokesman Ashraf al-Qudra said., #Pakistani Muslim devotees offer Eid prayers at the start of the Eid al-Fitr festival on a street in #Karachi. #Muslims around the world are celebrating the #EidalFitrfestival, which marks the end of the fasting month of #Ramadan., Youngsters attend an anniversary celebration of the #RedArmyFoundation (RAF) in Juba. In the early 1980s, the #SPLA recruited and began training boys as young as 12 to fight in its independence battle with Sudan, in a group called the Red Army. The Red Army was later resurrected as the Red Army Foundation (RAF), an organisation dedicated to addressing social problems among former members and South #Sudan's youth., Indian Muslims shop ahead of Eid al-Fitr in the old city section of Hyderabad on. Muslims around the world are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, marking the end of the holy month of Ramadan during which followers are required to abstain from food, drink and sex from dawn to dusk., Chinese luxury E-retailers take online sales offline http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7887, Teething problems for online shopping growth in Russia http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7890, UNSC calls for immediate humanitarian cease-fire http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7861, Israel and Hamas continue to battle each other on the ground. But a new front has opened in cyberspace. We’ll have the latest on the military conflict and the battle through social media to shape public opinion.  That's coming up on The Heat at 7 pm eastern and 7am Beijing., MH17 investigation delayed due to violence in eastern Ukraine http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7838, 100 years to the day after the start of #WW1 is the world safer or less safe?
Give us #YourSay #WorldWar1, UN calls for unconditional ceasefire in Gaza http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7846, Liberia’s president has closed all but three land border crossings, restricted public gatherings and quarantined communities heavily affected by the Ebola outbreak in the West African nation., The death toll for #Ramadan has reached 2378 people on July 28, 2014. 
According to the Syrian Network for Human Rights 1440 civilians were killed by government forces, 62 killed by the armed factions affiliated to Al-Qaeda and 117 people killed by the armed opposition. Data/ SNHR. AFP/Photo. #Syria, The May Fourth Movement of 1919 has been called a turning point in Chinese history, as its supporters embodied the political ideals that would go on to define a generation. Almost all those who took to the streets on that historic day are long gone, but their legacy lives on through their families., Shanghai shut plant owned by OSI Group for mixing expired meat with fresh product, five officials from the OSI subsidiary detained.

#McDonald's outlets in #Beijing and #Shanghai have yanked their flagship burgers off the menu, it was reported on July 28, after the key U.S. supplier recalled products made by its Shanghai factory, which is alleged to have used expired meat.

CEO of the OSI Group, Sheldon Lavin (R), and #OSI president David #McDonald (L) arrive to attend a press conference over the recent expired meat scandal in Shanghai on July 28, 2014.  AFP/Photo., Chinese Muslims praying during the evening prayer inside the Huxi mosque in #Shanghai. Muslims around the world are celebrating the Eid al-Fitr festival, which marks the end of the fasting month of #Ramadan. AFP/Photo., Bokai Huang of #China competes in the men's pole vault final during day five of the IAAF World Junior Championships at Hayward Field on July 26, 2014 in Eugene, Oregon. AFP/Photo. #Sports, Peruvian President Ollanta #Humala is greeted by newly elected Congress’ President Ana Maria Solorzano (R) upon his arrival to deliver his State to the Nation Address from the Congress building in Lima on July 28, 2014, one of the traditional activities on Independence Day. AFP/Photo. #Peru, Demonstrators gather outside the Houses of Parliament after marching from outside the Israeli embassy in central #London on July 26, 2014, calling for an end to violence in Gaza. 

At least 10,000 pro-Palestinian protesters opposed to Israel's military action in Gaza marched through central London for the second week running on Saturday. AFP/PHOTO., People stand around boxes bearing Palestinian flags and names of people killed during the ongoing conflict in #Gaza, as they take part in a demonstration against Israel's military operation in Gaza and in support of the Palestinian people, on July 27, 2014 in the centre of Rotterdam. AFP/PHOTO. #Netherlands, Demonstrators shout slogans and display placards during a pro-Palestinian rally outside the American Institute in Taiwan (AIT), the de facto U.S. embassy in Taipei on July 28 2014. The escalating conflict between Israel and the Islamist Hamas movement has killed more than 1,030 Palestinians, 43 Israeli soldiers and three civilians inside Israel. AFP /PHOTO., #Indian Muslims shop ahead of Eid al-Fitr in the old city section of Hyderabad on July 28, 2014. #Muslims around the world are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, marking the end of the holy month of #Ramadan during which followers are required to abstain from food, drink and sex from dawn to dusk. AFP/PHOTO., #Liberia president orders new anti-#Ebola measures as virus claims senior doctor: , U.S. Secretary of State John #Kerry delivers opening remarks at the Washington Fellowship for Young African Leaders Presidential Summit July 28, 2014 in Washington, DC. The three day summit brings together 500 of sub-Saharan Africa's young leaders to meet with business and governmental leaders from the #US. AFP/ Photo., null, null, null, null, The U.S.-based company at the center of a food scandal in #China says it is pulling all of the products produced by its Shanghai Husi unit from the marketplace.OSI Group was thrust into the spotlight last week when it was reported that its #Shanghai plant had repackaged old beef and chicken and put new expiration dates on them.OSI owns the unit, which supplies meat for popular foods, including the Big Macs and Quarter Pounders served at McDonald's restaurants., Asian airlines look to attract Muslim tourists http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7798, Douglas Smith on international air travel http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7797, Pre-hispanic celebrations mark 500 years since Spanish conquest http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7788, null, U.S. satellite images show Russia firing on Ukraine http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7785, A visitor poses with a performer wearing a costume a Transformers movie character at the 16th Ani-Com and Games exhibition in Hong Kong. The five-day festival of games, comics, animation and cosplay expects to attract over 700,000 visitors from Hong Kong, mainland #China and overseas., null, 13 dead in violence at MH17 crash site http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7778, We are Live now. Be sure to tune-in., Jerzy Dyczynski and Angela Rudhart-Dyczynski whose daughter, 25-year-old Fatima, was a passenger on Malaysia Airlines flight #MH17, sit on part of the wreckage of the crashed aircraft in Hrabove, Ukraine, Saturday. The couple who live in Perth, #Australia, crossed territory held by pro-Russian rebels to reach the wreckage-strewn farm fields outside the village of Hrabove. They last spoke to Fatima shortly before she boarded the flight for Kuala Lumpur in #Amsterdam on July 17., A rocket launched from Gaza hit a house in a southern #Israeli Kibbutz on Sunday, injuring at least one person and causing extensive damage to the home's roof. The streets of Ashkelon were quieter than normal as residents stayed at home, pedestrian areas and restaurants in the coastal city remained empty throughout the day. Hamas agreed to observe a 24-hour truce in #Gaza after initially rejecting a similar Israeli offer., All 118 people on board flight AH5017 were killed when the plane crashed in Mali. CCTV-America’s Jack Parrok reports., A government official says Israel’s Cabinet has decided to extend a humanitarian cease-fire for 24 hours, but that troops will respond to any fire from Gaza., Social media is a powerful tool in the world today. It allows people worldwide to share their opinions with the click of a mouse., Women are an integral part of today’s workforce. The U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that women make up 46% of the total work force in the United States. Even though women make up a considerable portion of the work force, they still face discrimination in the work place., In previous Israel-Palestinian conflicts, Egypt has played a key role in negotiating cease-fires. But, Egypt’s proposal for this conflict was rejected by Hamas. CCTV-America’s Adel EL Mahrouky reports from Cairo., In Thailand, efforts are being made to tempt back tourists after numbers fell sharply as a result of anti-government protests and a military takeover. One of the biggest events so far is a two-day festival in the capital Bangkok, from where CCTV-America’s Martin Lowe reports.
, July 26th is one of the most important dates in #Cuba’s political calendar. It marks the first armed uprising of the Cuban revolution, a failed attack in 1953 on the #Moncada Barracks. The national holiday is known as #RebellionDay., Matt Robinson on the recent air disasters, he’s an aviation expert for Robson Forensic., The year 2014 marks the 100th anniversary of the beginning of World War I, and the 75th anniversary of the end of World War II. An international seminar was held in Beijing on Saturday to commemorate the two wars that have shaped the world for decades.
, The heat has caused many Japanese cities to experience heat island effects, which can drastically affect a community’s environment and quality of life. Central and local governments as well as private institutions have been trying hard to ease the effects., null, #BREAKING: A government official says #Israel's Cabinet has decided to extend a humanitarian #ceasefire for 24 hours, but that troops will respond to any fire from #Gaza. Information provided by the Associated Press., Why is Argentina's last polar bear being called 'the wold's saddest animal'?

CCTV-America did an #UPDATE on the campaign to move #Arturo the polar bear out of Argentina, and improve his mental health. #Storm4Arturo #FreeArturo, UPDATE: At a meeting at the The White House Friday, a proposal to set up #refugee centers for the thousands of child #migrants coming from #CentralAmerica dominated the talks., A supporter of peace holds placards shouting slogans as thousands of them gather at the Rabin Square in Tel Aviv on July 26, 2014, to ask for the end of the Israeli military offensive in the #Gaza Strip. The conflict has claimed more than 1,000 Palestinian lives, most of them civilians, and has killed 40 Israeli soldiers and three civilians inside Israel. AFP/Photo., It’s one of the most distinctive features of one of the world’s great mountains: the snowcap atop Africa’s Mount Kilimanjaro. The snow of Kilimanjaro is gradually disappearing and experts say it may be completely gone by the end of this century., What really makes us happy?

Going as far back as ancient Greece, Epicurus (born 341 BC) pointed out that most of us typically make three big mistakes when we think about what will bring us happiness: romantic relationships, lots of money, and luxuries.
, Abe’s visit to Mexico is the first visit to Latin America for a Japanese Prime Minister in 10 years. Shinzo Abe touched down in Mexico, the first stop on his tour. CCTV America’s John Holman reports., Business incubators continue to increase all over the U.S., thanks in part to the booming startup industry. And in the spirit of giving, sharing and a dose of entrepreneurism, one incubator, Grand Central Tech, is taking a whole new approach to the tech startup scene., Robotics were meant to make the world a better place. But their increasing role in production has cost thousands of people their jobs., The White House is proposing setting up refugee centers in Central America to process requests from El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala. The leaders of those nations met with U.S. President Barack Obama at the White House Friday afternoon in an effort to stop the surge of unaccompanied children across the U.S.-Mexico Border., Russia is angry at the U.S. and Ukraine’s allegations that it shot down flight MH17. CCTV-America’s Tony Cheng reports., Abe’s visit to Mexico is the first visit to Latin America for a Japanese Prime Minister in 10 years. Shinzo Abe touched down in Mexico, the first stop on his tour. CCTV America’s John Holman reports., All 118 people on board flight AH5017 were killed when the plane crashed in Mali. CCTV-America’s Jack Parrok reports., The leaders of El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala met with U.S. President Barack Obama at the White House Friday. They are looking for new ways to stem the flood of unaccompanied child migrants surging across the U.S.-Mexico border. , The typhoon hit east China’s Anhui Province, causing major flooding in many cities. CCTV-America’s Li Nan reports., Robotics were meant to make the world a better place. But their increasing role in production has cost thousands of people their jobs. However some robots are being made to provide comfort and even therapy. Mark Niu has the details from California., No survivors on Air Algerie plane crash http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7715, EU to hit Moscow with tough new sanctions over Ukraine http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7682, The #newspaper #business has been through a rough few years. Some mainstream print publications have struggled to make a profit, as people increasingly turn to their #smartphones and #tablets to stay informed. But there is one area that is thriving., The leaders of El Salvador, #Honduras and #Guatemala met with U.S. President Barack Obama at the White House. They are looking for new ways to stem the flood of unaccompanied #child migrants surging across the U.S.-Mexico #border. CCTV White House Correspondent Jessica Stone has more., Push for Kurdish independence in Iraq http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7652, A man escapes from the window of a sedan car submerged in a standing water on July 23, 2014 in #Fuzhou, Fujian province of #China. A torrential rain hit Fuzhou on July 23. Photo/ChinaFotoPress., Replicas of Optimus Prime and Bumblebee are seen at the street on July 24, 2014 in #Shenyang, Liaoning province of #China. A 9-meter-high, 15-ton-weigh replica of optimus prime and a 2-meter-high, 3-ton-weigh replica of Bamblebee were seen in Shenyang on July 24. Photo/ ChinaFotoPress. #Transformers, #Aymara indigenous people paricipating in President Evo Morales' campaign launching rally ahead of next October's election perform a ritual, in La Paz, on July, 25, 2014. AFP/Photo., A girl looks at a billboard at a booth of the 16th Ani-Com and Games exhibition in Hong Kong on July 25, 2014. The five-day festival of #games, #comics, #animation and #cosplay expects to attract over 700,000 visitors to Hong Kong., The #US is under increasing pressure to figure out what to do about the wave of child immigrants from Central America who are seeking asylum at record numbers. Obama has asked Congress for $3.7 billion to deal with the crisis. Earlier Barack Obama met with the presidents of Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, to urge them to stem the wave of migrants heading to the United States., Rescue and recovery operations have concluded as all 48 bodies from #TransAsia Airways Flight #GE222, which crashed in #Taiwan’s Penghu County on Wednesday, have been pulled out from the wreckage. More than two-thirds of the victims have been identified, and their families have arrived to pay their last respects and to demand answers. , Activists struggle during a protest demanding to #Israel to stop the "genocide" in the #Gaza strip, outside the Israeli embassy in #BuenosAires on July 25, 2014. AFP/Photo., After months of hesitation, the #EU is poised to impose tough sanctions on #Russia over the situation in #Ukraine. The catalyst for this new resolve is the downing of #MH17 over territory held by pro-Russian separatists. , 'Day of Rage' protests in West Bank turn violent http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7654, What is #YourSay on the proposal for a week-long Gaza ceasefire? What will it accomplish? Do you think it's possible? Comment below and we may use your response on-air., Going as far back as ancient Greece, #Epicurus (born 341 BC) pointed out that most of us typically make three big mistakes when we think about what will bring us happiness: romantic relationships, lots of money, and luxuries. #Happiness Sonja Lyubomirsky @Anthony Ahrens, After months of hesitation, the #EU is poised to impose tough sanctions on Moscow over the situation in #Ukraine. The catalyst for this new resolve is the downing of #MH17 over territory held by pro-Russian separatists. CCTV-America’s Tom Barton reports. #Russia, Obama, Ceren, Hernandez and Molina met to speak about the amount of immigrants, specifically children, leaving the Central American region for other countries including the United States. #immigration #border

President of El Salvador Salvador Sanchez Ceren, President of Guatemala Otto Perez Molina, U.S. President Barack #Obama and President of Honduras Juan Orlando Hernandez stand after a meeting in the Cabinet Room of the White House on July 25, 2014 in Washington.  AFP/Photo., #Israel's cabinet unanimously rejects U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry's cease-fire plan #Gaza #Hamas #UN #ceasefire, Tonight on The Heat: The ongoing crisis in Iraq has raised talk of the nation splitting apart. One of Iraq's minorities, the Kurds, has been fighting for an independent state for more than a hundred years. And it appears they could be getting close to their dream with the Kurdish Regional President calling for a referendum on independence. So who are the Kurds?  And why do they want to break away from Iraq?  We'll find out on The Heat. Tune in at 7pm eastern, 7am Beijing., Small investigative team finally accessing Malaysia Airlines Flight #MH17 wreckage, As a result of recent requests on social media, CCTV-America did an #UPDATE on #Arturo the #polarbear, who is becoming known internationally as "the world's saddest polar bear." Activists have been pushing to move Arturo from the warm climate at Zoo Mendoza in Argentina to Assiniboine Park & Zoo in Canada. A Change.org petition to relocate Arturo currently has over 730,000 signatures. #Storm4Arturo #FreeArturo Save Polar Bear Arthur / Salve al Oso Polar Arturo, null, One of two black boxes was recovered from the wreckage of AIR ALGERIE Flight #AH5017 in the Gossi region of #Mali near the border with #BurkinaFaso. It was taken to the northern city of Gao, where a French contingent is based, Hollande told reporters after an emergency meeting with government ministers., It’s one of the most distinctive features of one of the world’s great mountains: the #snowcap atop Africa’s Mount #Kilimanjaro. The #snow of Kilimanjaro is gradually disappearing and experts say it may be completely gone by the end of this century. #climatechange, #Zimbabwe’s #tourism industry is facing a challenge. For decades, weak infrastructure and tough #visa rules have led would-be visitors to settle on other destinations., null, null, World's tallest slum residents face eviction, Zimbabwe hopes for tourism revival, New sociological study examines the American Dream, A #UN-run school in northern #Gaza was shelled Thursday, reportedly killing 15 people. #UN Ban Ki-moon #Israel #Gaza, Economic damage to Israel and Palestine in conflict, With a recount now underway, will there be a peaceful outcome to April’s presidential election? Or will #Afghanistan slip back into a civil war? , null, null, 100 days after, thousands mourn Sewol ferry victims, null, null, null, Traveling soon? Do the recent flight disasters make you think twice about flying? Comment here with #YourSay.  We may use your response on air. Watch on your mobile at www.cctvamericalive.com, AIR ALGERIE Flight #AH5017 crashed on Thursday en route from Ouagadougou in Burkina Faso to #Algiers, the capital of #Algeria. The plane first disappeared over northern #Mali with 116 aboard., AIR ALGERIE Flight #AH5017: Two French Mirage warplanes scour #Mali desert for aircraft. READ MORE: http://bit.ly/1z8DPZc, Next on The Heat. Afghans are still waiting to learn who their next president will be. Election officials are conducting a nationwide recount of some eight million ballots. Presidential candidates Abdullah Abdullah and Ashraf Ghani have accused each other of election fraud. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry helped broker an agreement for the recount, but uncertainty remains. Can there be a peaceful transition of power? We’ll talk to a former U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan and a leading Afghan political analyst. Tonight on The Heat at 7pm eastern, 7am Beijing., AIR ALGERIE #FlightAH5017 disappears over northern #Mali with 116 aboard:
, null, null, Ebola outbreak gets worse in West Africa, Caribbean growth could mean new trade policies, South Africa improves infrastructure for economic future, Sophisticated anti-missile systems installed on commercial aircraft, Colombia exceeds internet connectivity goals, Thousands march against energy reforms in Mexico, #Facebook revenue jumps on mobile ad strength, After six days, still no cease-fire in Gaza, Biometrics to protect consumer privacy, Chinese and Cuban leaders pledge staunch friendship #Xi #Cuba #China, MH17 plane crash and the Ukraine crisis, null, null, The #Cuban model aims at making the state sector work more efficiently while opening the door to foreign #investment. But many potential #Chinese investors are waiting to see just how business friendly Cuba is and whether they can make a profit. To see more details watch #BizAsiaAmerica tonight at 8 PM EST., #NBA professional basketball player #LeBron James poses during a promotional event with children and their fathers in Hong Kong on July 23, 2014. James began his tour of China on July 21., Ever been to Shanghai? Summer marks the peak tourist season in Shanghai with tens of thousands of domestic tourists visiting. Tourists walk along the #Bund before the #Huangpu River and the skyline of the Lujiazui Financial District in #Shanghai on July 23, 2014., Xi Jinping visited Cuban revolutionary leader Fidel #Castro and the two exchanged views on bilateral ties, the international situation and other issues of common concern.

Fidel #Castro also showed Xi Jinping around in his courtyard and farm., What would it take to stop the fighting between #Israel and Hamas? Share your opinion with us. #YourSay, A Sri Lankan activist, who wrapped himself with fire crackers, walks in Colombo on July 23, 2014 to symbolically demonstrate against people burned during Anti-Tamil riots on the island thirty-one years ago. Official accounts placed the death toll at 400 while human rights activists put the toll at thousands., German pianist #StefanAaron hovers about the Munich airport Franz-Josef-Strauss, southern Germany, on July 23, 2014. Stefan Aaron is seated in front of his piano on an aluminum structure that is reminiscent of a flying carpet and attached to a helicopter. The appearance is the fourth stop on his "Orange Piano Tour" that will take him and his orange piano at exceptional locations around the world for the musician., #Ukrainian soldiers stand next to coffins carrying the remains of victims of the Malaysia Airlines flight #MH17 crash during a ceremony at the airport of #Kharkiv, Ukraine, on July 23, 2014. The first plane carrying bodies from downed Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 left eastern Ukraine for the @Netherlands on July 23 following a somber ceremony., Tonight on The Heat:The latest developments from the Malaysia Airlines Plane crash in #Ukraine Watch at 7pm EST, 7am Beijing. .#MH17 Livestream www.cctvamericalive.com, A high-speed train arrives under a bridge where flowers and messages are displayed to pay tribute to victims of the train crash of #Angrois, on the eve of its first anniversary at the site of the accident in Angrois, near #SantiagodeCompostela, on July 23, 2014. A train hurtled off the tracks on July 24, 2013 in northwest Spain killing at least 80 passengers and injuring more than 140., A banner depicting the names of Palestinians killed in Israel's ongoing assault on the Gaza Strip hangs on the landmark #PigeonRock in Beirut's Rawshe seafront on July 23, 2014. All of Lebanon's main television channels broadcast simultaneously earlier this week a bulletin in support of Gazans in the face of an Israeli military offensive that has killed hundreds. The #Gaza conflict shows no signs of abating, yet it has triggered a massive response on both traditional and social media. The banner reads " Greetings from #Beirut to #Palestine. to the survivors in Gaza.", A Palestinian medic carries a wounded girl at a hospital in #KhanYunis in the southern #GazaStrip, on July 23, 2014 following an Israeli military strike near her family home. Israel's military actions in the Gaza Strip could amount to war crimes, #UN rights chief Navi Pillay said today while also condemning indiscriminate rocket attacks by Palestinian militants #Hamas., U.S. Secretary of State #JohnKerry walks with U.S. embassy Deputy Chief of Mission Bill Grant at Ben Gurion airport as he arrives in #Israel on July 23, 2014. Washington's top diplomat flew into Tel Aviv today, defying a U.S. flight ban, to try to broker an end to violence in Gaza, which has killed hundreds and hobbled Israel's main airport., Rescue workers survey the wreckage of #TransAsia Airways flight #GE222 which crashed while attempting to land in stormy weather on the Taiwanese island of #Penghu, late Wednesday, July 23, 2014. Read more at http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7384, Deputies of the All-Ukrainian Union "#Svoboda" party attack the head of the Communist parliamentary faction Petro Symonenko as they attempt to remove him from the hall during a Ukrainian parliament sitting in #Kiev on July 23, 2014. Symonenko said in an interview with Russian media that the authorities in Ukraine had killed many thousands of Ukrainians in eastern Ukraine, where they are fighting pro-Russian rebels, and is profiting from the sale of their organs., Two-year-old #Palestinian girl Naama Abu al-Foul sleeps after undergoing treatment at #Gaza City's Al-Shifa hospital following Israeli bombing next to her family's home in the battered city on July 23, 2014. Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki told an emergency session of the #UN Human Rights Council in Geneva that Israel was committing "a crime against humanity" during its ongoing offensive against the #GazaStrip., TransAsia Airways plane crashes in Taiwan, dozens killed, null, null, Chinese auto makers have big plans in Brazil, Chinese President Xi Jinping visits Cuba, Latest food safety scare spreads fast in China, Hugo Barra on latest Xiaomi products, Salvadorean President Salvador Sanchez Ceren (L) and the Counselor to the U.S. Secretary of State, Thomas Shannon (R), during a meeting at the presidential palace in San Salvador, El Salvador on July 22, 2014. Shannon is on tour to El Salvador and Honduras prior to a meeting of the presidents of El Salvador, Honduras, Guatemala and the US on July 25 to discuss migration matters. AFP/Photo., The conflict in South Sudan has pushed more than 100,000 of the country’s citizens into Ethiopia., Apple and Microsoft release earnings reports after the bell, CCTV America's #TheHeat reports on the #Israel-#Palestine conflict
, Chinese President Xi Jinping is in #Cuba on the final leg of his four-nation visit to Latin America., The bodies of hundreds of #Dutch victims of the #MH17 tragedy could soon be returned to their homeland, as the first plane carrying the bodies is expected to leave for Eindhoven on Wednesday., How will the downing of #MH17 affect the situation in #Ukraine? Share your opinion with us. Give us #YourSay, A Chinese People's Liberation Army #cadet adjusts dancing humanoid #robots at the PLA's Armoured Forces Engineering Academy in Beijing on July 22, 2014. China's #military opened up its engineering academy to journalists on July 22, with demonstrations of rolling tanks, bayonet drills and dancing robots., An urgent round of negotiations is underway as U.S. President Barack Obama and the UN Security Council call for an immediate ceasefire between Israel and Hamas.
Watch CCTV America 's The HEAT at 7pm ET, 11 pm GMT, 7 am Beijing Time for more on the conflict in Gaza.  We will have Fatah's Deputy Commissioner for International Affairs Husam Zomlot and Israel's Ministry of Foreign Affairs Paul Hirschson to discuss., Photos: Victims of Malaysia Airlines Flight #MH17, U.S. authorities have detained some 57,000 unaccompanied minors since last October, twice the number from the same period a year ago, seeking to illegally cross into the #US from #Mexico. Three quarters of the minors are from #ElSalvador, #Guatemala and Honduras.#immigration AFP/Photo., Car sales in #Brazil are not looking as promising now as they were a couple of years ago. But offering good value for money, Chinese companies hope to increase sales in the future. To see more details watch Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EDT.  www.cctv-america.com, Will you buy these two new products from Xiaomi? China's fast-growing electronics firm #Xiaomi has unveiled a new flagship smartphone and companion #wristband. The firm is marketing the steel handset's 5in (12.7cm) screen as offering 17% greater resolution than #Apple's higher priced #iPhone 5S. The wristband, costing less than $13, acts as an ID authenticator, allowing the phone to be unlocked without a password., Pro-#Israel demonstrators attend a rally on July 22, 2014 in #Chicago, Illinois. More than 1000 people supporting both sides of the 14-day-old conflict along the #Gaza border attended separate rallies in the west Loop with a contingent of Chicago police in between making sure they remained separate. AFP/Photo., As Egypt attempts to broker a cease-fire, violence rages on in #Gaza, close to the boarder with Israel. Out of safety concerns, all U.S. flights to Tel Aviv have been cancelled., Chinese growth accelerated to a forecast-beating 7.5 percent in the second quarter, official data showed on July 16, as government stimulus provided a much-needed boost to the world's second-largest economy., Young models present outfits by label 'Bubble Gummers' during a fashion show at the Cool Kids Fashion fair in Shanghai on July 22, 2014. Cool kids is a trade event for kids featuring 45 fashion brands and runs until July 24. AFP/PHOTO., A #Hamas rocket exploded one mile away from Israel's International Ben Gurion Airport on Tuesday. This prompted numerous airlines, including Delta, United Airlines, US Airways, Lufthansa, and Air France, to halt flights in and out of the Tel Aviv airport. What do you think of airlines canceling flights to and from the #TelAviv airport in #Israel? Give us #YourSay!, Darryl was a 20-year old medical student and a DJ. His family believes he will continue playing music in heaven as a cry for justice, not only for himself, but for all 298 who perished on Flight 17., A #Hamas rocket exploded one mile away from Israel's International Ben Gurion Airport on Tuesday. This prompted numerous airlines, including Delta, United Airlines, US Airways, Lufthansa, and Air France, to halt flights in and out of the Tel Aviv airport. What do you think of airlines canceling flights to and from the #TelAviv airport in #Israel? Give us #YourSay!, The flight recorders will be examined by British air accident investigators., CCTV-America is #LIVE now! Be sure to tune in., The Mobile Emotional Intelligence Test (MEIT) app is used by people around the world to gauge and improve their emotional intelligence, and the data it collects can map how emotionally competent people are worldwide — and rank a country’s overall emotional literacy. #EQ #IQ #apps #emotion, #BREAKING: The Federal Aviation Administration has halted all U.S. airline flights to and from  #TelAviv airport in #Israel for the next 24 hours starting from 12:15 p.m. EDT. This comes as a result of security concerns as the conflict in #Gaza enters its third week. Photo: AFP/Karen Bleier, The loss of a second passenger jet in just over four months has been a huge double blow for #MalaysiaAirlines., President of the #French National Assembly, Claude Bartolone, King Felipe VI of #Spain and Queen Letizia of Spain meet at the National Assembly in #Paris on July 22, 2014, during the Spanish royal couple's first official visit to France., The #UN is pushing for a cease-fire in eastern #Ukraine as the Security Council passed the resolution Monday calling for, in part, international access to the crash site of Malaysia Airlines Flight #MH17. , Gaza native tells her story with a cookbook, Aviation attorney on Malaysia Airlines issue, International banks violating U.S. sanction laws, #Hindu devotees bathe in the #Bagmati River on their way to the #Pashupatinath Temple to offer prayers to Lord Shiva, Hindu god of destruction during Shravan festivities in #Sundarijal, on the outskirts of Kathmandu on July 21, 2014. According to the Nepali calendar, #Shravan is considered the holiest month of the year with each Monday of the month known as Shravan Somvar when worshipers offer prayers for a happy and prosperous life., Photo dated on July 2, 2014, and released on July 19, 2014 was taken to mark #PrinceGeorge's first birthday and shows the Prince during a visit to the #SensationalButterfliesexhibition at the Natural History Museum, #London., Once a passenger manifest, now a list of victims.  At St. Vitus Church in #Hilversum, locals grieve. Three entire families from this town: mothers, fathers and children, all died on-board MH17. In this close knit community, everybody seems to know someone affected., The King and Queen of the #Netherlands have been meeting with relatives of the victims of the #MH17 tragedy., On the southern #Israeli border with the #Gaza Strip, here is the trail of a missile launched by Israel's #Iron #Dome #defence system, designed to intercept and destroy incoming short-range rockets and artillery shells, as it intercepts and destroys a rocket launched from Gaza into #Israel, on July 21, 2014. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is to push for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza when he arrives later today in #Cairo, President Barack #Obama said. "Israel has already done significant damage to Hamas's terrorist infrastructure in Gaza," Obama said in a statement at the White House, adding he had sent his top diplomat to the region to "push for an immediate cessation of hostilities.", Sarah Crowe on helping children in conflict zones, The #UnitedNations Security Council is taking action on the downing of Malaysia Airlines #Flight17., #Cuba used to import almost everything from #China. Now it's bought the #technology and know-how and can meet the needs of Cuban #diabetics, and that's just the beginning. To see more details watch #BizAsiaAmerica tonight at 8 PM EST., Russia denies involvement in plane crash, As the #Israel-#Palestine conflict continues, Egypt has been helping injured Palestinians coming from #Gaza, including sending more equipment and doctors to hospitals near the #Egypt-Gaza border. , #Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak says pro-Russian rebels have agreed to hand over the black boxes from the plane as part of an agreement he reached with rebel leader Alexander Borodai Monday night. , A major supplier to many fast food restaurants including McDonald’s, KFC and Pizza Hut in China has been busted for selling year-old expired meat in unsanitary conditions. #foodsafety #china, U.S. Secretary of State John #Kerry meets with UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon in Cairo July 21, 2014. Kerry has returned to the Middle East as the #Obama administration attempts to bolster regional efforts to reach a ceasefire in #Gaza and sharpens its criticism of #Hamas in its conflict with Israel. AFP/Photo., A group of Chinese civilians are bringing a lawsuit against the Japanese government in a Chinese court. They are survivors and relatives of victims of a massacre, carried out by the Japanese army during Japan’s invasion of China in World War II. If the court accepts, this would be the first civil claim for compensation in a domestic court. , The clashes came as Nazareth and cities in the #WestBank observed a general strike to mourn the victims of the Gaza conflict between Israel and #Hamas -- the bloodiest since 2009 -- that has cost more than 500 Palestinian lives in two weeks. #Israel #Palestine  AFP/ PHOTO., Iran's nuclear talks tonight on The Heat. Leaders from six world powers and Iran extend Sunday’s deadline for an agreement for another four months.  Watch at 7PM EDT, 7AM BJT , People ride on escalators in a #shopping mall in Hong Kong on July 20, 2014. Hong Kong's #economy in 2014 is expected to expand at its fastest pace in three years, according to government estimations, with a forecasted growth of between three and four percent, up from 2.9 percent in 2013., Venezuelan President Nicolas #Maduro speaks next to China's President Xi Jinping in Miraflores Presidential Palace, #Caracas on July 20, 2014., Isn't it too big? People ride in a boat before a 22-meter tall inflatable toad displayed at a park in #Beijing on July 21, 2014. #Summer has arrived in the city marking peak #tourist season with tens of thousands domestic tourists visiting the capital., null, #Gaza conflict: #Egypt offers treatment to injured Palestinians

, Photos: Victims of Malaysia Airlines Flight #MH17
, After extensive talks, #Iran and six world powers could not reach a deal on the Islamic Republic's #nuclear program. Negotiations have been extended for another four months.We'll speak with a former U.S. diplomat about the obstacles and concessions Iran is being asked to make. That's coming up on #TheHeat at 7PM EDT, 7AM Beijing time., A pair of clogs with a message for #Dutch citizens killed on the #Malaysia Airlines flight #MH17 is seen in front of the #Netherlands Embassy on July 21, 2014 in #Washington, DC. Of the 298 on board the flight who were killed when it was shot down over #Ukraine, 193 were Dutch. AFP/ PHOTO., In the world of street art, a new type of “graffiti” has hit the scene: #yarnbombing. Knitters, crocheters, and #graffiti artists alike have taken to the streets to participate in an non-permanent yet unique form of self-expression through yarn. The Dapper Toad Knits for Life #yarn #knitting #crocheting , Mazzen Warra  rallies with hundreds of Israeli supporters in Times Square on July 20, 2014 in New York City. Thirteen Israeli soldiers were killed Sunday in battle in the #Gaza Strip, bringing the number of Israeli fatalities over the course of the operation to 20. At least 130 Palestinians have been killed since #Israel began its ground incursion last week. AFP/PHOTO.#NYC, Somalia's Al-Qaeda-linked Al Shabaab militia has claimed responsibility for an attack on a bus and police vehicle on Kenya's restive south eastern coast. The group said it was ready to launch more attacks in the country. The Kenyan Red Cross said seven people, including four police officers were confirmed dead in the attack. The attack took place six kilometres from the town of Witu, about 50 kilometres from the tourist island of Lamu. CCTV Africa., #MH17 #Ukraine #Malaysia #Russia #Obama

, Malcolm Brabant reports from the country that is most consistently ranked as the happiest place on Earth: Copenhagen, Denmark. Brabant sets out to discover why Danes are so happy and if they recognize the value of happiness., Venezuelan President Nicolas  #Maduro and #China's President #Xi Jinping wave during a visit to the National Pantheon, in Caracas on July 20, 2014. Xi departed Argentina Sunday for #Venezuela, the next-to-last stop of a Latin American tour aimed at bolstering trade with the region. AFP/PHOTO., Indonesian police commandos attend a security roll call for Eid Fitr at the Jakarta police headquarter in #Jakarta on July 21, 2014. About 7,000 policemen are deployed in Jakarta only to secure Eid Fitr festival, where #Muslim celebrate after the month of Ramadan takes place at the end of July. AFP/PHOTO., French PM Manuel #Valls looks on during a ceremony commemorating the 70th anniversary of the World War II fights of Vercors, at the French resistance necropolis (Necropole de la Resistance) in Vassieux-en-Vercors, on July 21, 2014. Valls said that "what happened in Sarcelles is intolerable" and that "nothing can justify violence", a day after clashes during a pro-Palestinian rally in Sarcelles, a suburb north of #Paris. AFP/ Photo. #WW2, Our society has long been fixated on using quantifiable metrics to measure intelligence and success. We often assume that our GPA, university entrance exam results, and #IQ are the best measures of our success. But emotional intelligence experts will tell you that’s far from the truth. #EQ #Lifetips #Happiness #FullFrame, A handout picture released by the #Palestinian president's office shows Palestinian president Mahmud #Abbas meeting with the head of the political bureau of Hamas, Khaled Meshaal, in #Doha, on July 20, 2014. Abbas is in #Qatar to discuss a ceasefire with Hamas' leader Khaled Meshaal for the war raging in #Gaza , in which over 500 people have been killed during an Israeli military offensive.AFP/Photo., At least 40 #shootings in Chicago this weekend.
Jalante Adams, 12, attends a memorial service for his sister, Shamiya Adams, on July 20, 2014 in #Chicago, Illinois. Jalante, along with family members, prepare to release ballons during a prayer vigil. Adams, 11, was killed while spending the night at a friend's home when a stray bullet flew through an open window and an interior wall and struck her in the head on July 18th.  AFP/Image., Watch live now @BarackObama speaking from White House @Livestream www.cctvamericalive.com , Ban Ki-moon on a  a regional tour to express "solidarity" with Israelis and Palestinians. United Nations Secretary General urged #Israel to "exercise maximum restraint" and spare civilian lives in its campaign in #Gaza, where the Palestinian death toll on July 20, 2014 alone passed 100. AFP/PHOTO. #UN #Bankimoon 
., Prince Laurent and Princess Claire of Belgium attend the Te Deum mass, on the occasion of today's Belgian National Day, at the Saint-Aubain de Namur Cathedral in Namur, on July 21, 2014. AFP/Photo., An #Indian artist dressed as Hindu Goddess MahaKali performs while in a trance during the final procession of the eleven-day traditional festival of 'Bonalu', a ritual offering to the goddess MahaKali, at Sri Akkanna Madanna Mahankali Temple in Hyderabad on July, 21 2014. AFP/PHOTO., Indonesian presidential candidate Joko Widodo gestures during a meeting with campaign volunteers in Jakarta on July 21, 2014 on the eve of the election count announcement. 

Widodo is expected to be declared the winner of Indonesia's disputed presidential election this week but his rival, ex-general Prabowo Subianto, is set to mount a legal challenge that could prolong the political deadlock. AFP/photo., #Washington and the United Nations demanded an "immediate ceasefire" in Gaza as Israel pressed a blistering assault on the enclave, pushing the Palestinian death toll to 514.

#Palestinian relatives and friends mourn above two bodies of children, who were killed along with seven members of the #Siam family, after an Israeli air strike hit their house, during their funeral on July 21, 2014 at a mosque in Rafah in the southern #Gaza Strip.  AFP/ PHOTO, Palestinians are offered sweets as they celebrate outside the Shifa hospital in #Gaza City, late Sunday. The Hamas' armed wing said it has captured an Israeli soldier during fighting in the Gaza Strip. Speaking on a Hamas television station, spokesman Abu Ubaida said "we have captured a Zionist soldier and the occupation has not admitted that." IDF sources said that the Hamas claim sounded dubious., null, After getting a drubbing on social media for making statements deemed "insensitive" after the downing of flight #MH17, Singapore Airlines (SIA) issued a public apology on Saturday and expressed solidarity with families affected by the air tragedy. Hours after the Malaysia Airlines jetliner was shot down in eastern Ukraine on Thursday, killing 298 people, the airline's Facebook and Twitter updates said its own flights were not using Ukraine airspace., null, In this photo provided by Argentina's Senate, Vice President Amado Boudou gives an Argentina's T-shirt to Chinese President Xi Jinping at the National Congress in Buenos Aires, #Argentina, Saturday., null, null, null, null, Food and drug authorities in Shanghai, China's largest city, ordered all meat products supplied by a local firm to McDonald's and KFC outlets to be taken off shelf on Sunday due to safety concerns.

Shanghai's Dragon TV reported that Shanghai Husi Food Company reprocessed meat products that had outlived their shelf life and supplied them to transnational fast-food chains including McDonald's, KFC and Pizza Hut.

Reporters who managed to enter Husi workshops said they saw clear evidence that stale beef and chicken were repackaged after processing and their shelf life was prolonged for another year.

Shanghai's food and drug authority has launched an investigation, and demanded all the suspected meat products be taken off shelf.

Shanghai Husi Food, a member of the American OSI Group, was founded in 1996., Millions of Iraqi children have been orphaned by war over the past decade. As the violence in that country once again spirals out of control. Iraqi boys learning to recite the Koran., Chinese President Xi Jinping continues his official state visit of Latin America with a second day in Argentina., Ukraine and Russia exchange recriminations.

Kiev says that it has proof that Russia provided the missile system that shot down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17., This week on Full Frame: Your EQ may actually be a better measure of your intelligence than your IQ., The typhoon had moved toward the province of Guangxi as of this morning but in just one day it wreaked millions in damages to the neighboring Guangdong province., Israeli troops pushed farther into Gaza on Saturday in a campaign that Israel’s officials say could continue for weeks. Hundreds mostly civilians have been killed in Gaza and thousands are reported wounded. Urging Hamas and Israel’s government to arrive at a ceasefire agreement, UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon is scheduled to arrive in the region on Saturday. , People pray before breaking their fast with the "Itar" meal at the presidential palace on July 18, 2014 in Niamey, which was also attended by French president Francois Hollande. AFP/PHOTO., Lawmakers in #Peru have passed new guidelines for women seeking so called therapeutic #abortions when a woman’s health or life is in danger. The practice has been legal for 90 years, but until last month, medical staff did not have the guidelines to follow. , French president Francois #Hollande (L) and Chad's president Idriss #Deby (R) leave the presidential palace, as part of Hollande's work visit to Chad, on July 19, 2014 in N'Djamena.

Chad is the last stop of Hollande's trip to three former colonies in west #Africa just as #France puts finishing touches to a military operation in the restive Sahel region to combat extremist violence. In the Chadian capital of N'Djamena, Hollande visited the headquarters of Operation Barkhane, which apart from troops will mobilise drones, helicopters, fighter jets, armoured vehicles and transport planes. AFP/Photo., #Ukraine and #Russia are blaming each other. #MH17 #Malaysiaairlines, For more on President #Xi Jinping’s visit to Latin America.
, Two days after Malaysia Airlines flight #MH17 crashed in a sunflower field near the village of Rassipnoe, in rebel-held east #Ukraine. Ukraine and pro-Russian insurgents agreed on July 19 to set up a security zone around the crash site of a #Malaysian jet whose downing in the rebel-held east has drawn global condemnation of the Kremlin. Outraged world leaders have demanded Russia's immediate cooperation in a prompt and independent probe into the shooting down on July 17 of flight MH17 with 298 people on board. AFP/ Photo., China's President #Xi Jinping (R) arrives at Plaza San Martin square to pay homage to Argentine XIX century hero General Jose de San Martin in Buenos Aires, on July 19, 2014. AFP/ Photo. #Argentina, Smoke rises after an Israeli missile strike on #Gaza City, on July 19, 2014. Israel's operation against #Hamas saw one of its bloodiest days with 46 Palestinians killed in Gaza and two Israeli soldiers dying in a clash with militants who infiltrated he Jewish state. As Israeli warplanes bombarded Gaza from the air, and ground troops pressed an assault on land, the #Palestinian death toll rose to 342, with rights groups warning that a growing number of victims are children. AFP/Photo., People take part in a demonstration outside the Israeli Embassy in #Santiago, Chile, on July 19, 2014, to protest against #Israel's military campaign in #Gaza and show their support to the #Palestinian people. AFP/Photo., Investors study consumer power in South Africa, China to loan Argentina $7.5 billion for power, rail projects, Investigation on the ground for downed MH17, null, null, null, Will you join them? People gather during a candle-light vigil for the #victims of the #Malaysia Airlines flight #MH17 from #Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, at a shopping mall in Kuala Lumpur on July 18, 2014. A Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 carrying 298 people from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur crashed on July 17 in rebel-held east Ukraine, as Kiev said the jet was shot down in a 'terrorist' attack., Although having the smallest economy of the #BRICS nations, South Africa is a springboard with increasing purchasing #power. To see more details watch #BizAsiaAmerica tonight at 8 PM EST., CCTV America's Jessica Stone reports on the U.S. response to the downing of Malaysia Airlines Flight #MH17., The Heat is LIVE at 7PM EDT, 7AM Beijing time. Watch for more on the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight  #MH17 in #Ukraine, report from Kiev and reactions from Moscow. http://www.cctv-america.com/category/the-heat, Live now: CCTV America team coverage of the Malaysia Airlines #MH17 plane downing and developing situation in #Gaza. WATCH HERE: http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, Palestinians run for cover during clashes with Israeli soldiers following a protest against the #Israeli offensive in #Gaza, outside Ofer, an Israeli military prison near the West Bank city of Ramallah, Friday. Israeli troops pushed deeper into Gaza on Friday to destroy rocket launching sites, clashing with Palestinian fighters in a high-stakes ground offensive meant to weaken the enclave’s Hamas rulers., At a press conference Friday, President Obama named Quinn Lucas Schansman as the #MH17 victim from the U.S. More: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=7004, Obama calls for immediate ceasefire in Ukraine, demands credible investigation of downed plane #MH17., Live now: Barack Obama speaks on Malaysia Airlines #MH17 crash. WATCH HERE: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/07/18/watch-live-president-obama-on-malaysia-airlines-mh17-crash, null, Rescuers try to remove a steal frame from a collapsed concrete roof which has killed and injured a number of people after they took shelter during heavy rains in Shenzhen in south #China's Guangdong province Friday. A powerful typhoon hit the southern Chinese island of Hainan on Friday after killing tens people in the #Philippines., A Malaysia Airlines flight attendant welcomes passengers as they board their flight from #Bangkok's Suvarnabhumi airport to Kuala Lumpur early on July 18, 2014. #Malaysian airliner #MH17 carrying 298 people from #Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur crashed late on July 17 in strife-torn east #Ukraine, #MalaysiaAirlines, null, Malaysia Airlines plane crashes in Ukraine, Expectations enormous for Indian Prime Minister, Xi calls for bolstering of China-Brazil economic ties, #Microsoft to cut up to 18000 #jobs over next year, A new statement from Malaysia Airlines says flight #MH17 carried a total of 298 people—including 15 Malaysian crew, 283 passengers of various nationalities and at least three infants. 
Some passenger nationalities are still undetermined. Full Text of the statement: http://www.malaysiaairlines.com/my/en/site/mh17.html, The Heat will be LIVE at 7PM ET, 7AM Beijing, with more on the downed Malaysia Airlines Flight #MH17  in #Ukraine. The show will have a LIVE report from #Kiev and reaction from #Moscow. Be sure to tune in!, null, Last updated: #MH17 crashed in an area rife with fighting between #Ukrainian troops and separatists. According to the AP, the separatists will allow up to three days of ceasefire in eastern Ukraine for recovery work., Russian reports: Ukrainian rebels intend to call 3-day cease-fire to allow plane crash probe. A man wearing military fatigues stands next to the wreckage of the #Malaysian #airliner carrying 295 people from #Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur after it crashed, near the town of Shaktarsk., Malaysia Airlines European head says #Amsterdam Airport CEO says 154 #Dutch, 27 #Australians, 23 #Malaysians aboard crashed airliner. A man lights a candle in front of the Embassy of the #Netherlands in #Kiev on July 17, 2014, to commemorate passengers of #Malaysian Airlines flight #MH17 carrying 295 people from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur which crashed in eastern #Ukraine., Image of Malaysia Airlines #MH17 intended flight path and where it veered off course.  More at: bit.ly/1jChEa6, Israeli military says it has launched ground operation in Gaza Strip.The operation came after 10 days of intense fighting between Israel and the Islamic militant Hamas, in which #Israel hit more than 2,000 targets in Gaza and Hamas launched nearly 1,500 rockets at Israel.The army said the offensive is meant to strike a "significant blow to Hamas' terror infrastructure." It did not say how many troops were involved or provide other details., Afghan security forces take cover during clashes with Taliban fighters in Kabul where gunmen launched a pre-dawn attack on the #Kabul International Airport, forcing the airport to close for hours.The militants occupied two buildings which were under construction some 700 meters north of the facility, and were using them as a base to direct rockets and gunfire toward the airport and international jet fighters flying over the city., CCTV America has live team coverage of the Malaysia Airlines #MH17 plane crash. WATCH NOW: http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews , Malaysia Airlines Flight #MH17 with 295 people on board has crashed in #Ukraine on the way from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur, amid allegations it was shot down. 
Photo: Data from FlightRadar24.com, a realtime flight tracking site, shows planes visibly redirecting around Donetsk region where #MH17 went down. Red added for emphasis., BREAKING: Malaysia Airlines Flight #MH17 has crashed in eastern #Ukraine. It is unclear how the plane was brought down.
, null, null, null, null, BRICS leaders welcome new faces, Time Warner rejects $80 billion bid from Fox, null, Lyft being sued by New York state regulators, Fed chair Janet Yellen says U.S. markets still weak, Growing international demand for U.S. dairy, Chinese company SANY sues U.S. government, China's appetite for alfalfa boosts U.S. farmers' profits, 458 children freed from abusive home in Mexico, null, U.S. drone strikes: anti-Taliban operation in Pakistan, null, The past few years have been difficult for the U.S. #dairy industry, but an unlikely country could be coming to the rescue - #China. To see more details on the story watch #BizAsiaAmerica tonight at 8 PM EST., In case you missed it, check out the #fireworks burst around the #Eiffel Tower in #Paris on July 14, 2014 as part of #France's annual #Bastille Day celebrations., Typhoon #Rammasun battered the #Philippine capital #Manila and surrounding provinces Wednesday, leaving a trail of destruction and at least 20 dead. The category three storm is on its way out of the country but forecasters say the effects will continue to be felt., The ongoing conflict between #Israel and #Hamas continues into its ninth day. Are you hopeful for a cease-fire in the Middle East? Give us #YourSay!, #Syrian President #Bashar Al-Assad, who won a landslide victory in polls last month, faces a fresh term filled with challenges. The war-torn country lies in ruins, with an UN-sponsored report estimating damages mounting to $134 billion., This year marks the 40th anniversary of the establishment of the diplomatic ties between #China and #Brazil., Haiwei Chen of #China competes against Daniel Gomez of #Mexico during the men's foil qualification competition at the 2012 World #Fencing Championships in Kazan, on July 16, 2014., Say hi to this family photo of the BRICS-UNASUR Summit in Brasilia, on July 16, 2014, Argentine President Cristina Kirchner, Russian President Vladimir Putin, India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, China's President Xi Jinping, South Africa's President Jacob Zuma and Bolivia's President Evo Morales; Uruguay's President Jose Mujica, Peru's President Ollanta Humala, Guiana's President Donald Ramotar, Colombia's Presidente Juan Manuel Santos, Chile's President Mickelle Bachelet, Ecuador's President Rafael Correa, Paraguay's President Horacio Cartes, Suriname's President Desire Bouterse and Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro., Update: The Israeli military says it has agreed to a U.N.-brokered five-hour pause in its strikes on the Gaza Strip to allow Palestinians to restock supplies.The military said in a statement Wednesday that it would hold its fire for five hours starting at 10AM. It warns however that it will retaliate "firmly and decisively" if Hamas or other militant groups launch attacks on #Israel during that time., Eleven #Ukrainian soldiers were killed Wednesday, while hundreds of bodies of #militants were found in shallow graves in a former #separatist stronghold., Associated Press: Israeli army says it has agreed to a "humanitarian" pause in strikes on Gaza Strip., Attacks between #Israel and #Hamas enter ninth day. , China's #WuMinxia dives next to #ShiTingmao during the Women's 3M Synchro Springboard Final during the 19th #FINA Diving World Cup on July 16, 2014 in #Shanghai., Chinese President #XiJinping arrived in #Brasilia, Brazil Tuesday for a state visit and meeting with leaders of #LatinAmerican and #Caribbean nations., Israeli bride Ziva Mordechai dances with her groom Haim Zohan during their wedding ceremony in a #bombshelter of a #Yeshiva in the southern Israeli city of #Sderot. Israel told 100,000 #Gazans to flee their homes but the warning was largely ignored, as regional leaders made fresh attempts to end the bloody nine-day confrontation., A woman looks at a scaled model of #Beijing's #urbandevelopment at an exhibition center in Beijing. #Chinese growth accelerated to a forecast-beating 7.5 percent in the second quarter, official data showed on July 16, as government stimulus provided a much-needed boost to the world's second-largest #economy., Riders take the start of the 187.5 km eleventh stage of the 101st edition of the #TourdeFrance cycling race on July 16, 2014 between #Besancon and #Oyonnax, eastern France., A #Palestinian boy is treated by journalists at the #alDeirahotel after he was injured during an Israeli air strikes in Gaza City, on July 16, 2014. Four children were killed in Israeli. All four were on the beach when the attack took place, emergency services spokesman #Ashraf al-Qudra said, with several injured children taking refuge at a nearby hotel where journalists were staying., Mud-based #obstaclecourses have seen a huge surge in popularity in recent years. Last weekend, more than 10,000 people headed to upstate #NewYork to take part in an event put on by Tough Mudder, one of the biggest companies in the industry., The #Philippines coconut industry is struggling to contain a fast-spreading #insect infestation. So far, it’s affected more than two million trees. That’s only about one percent of all #coconut trees in the country, but experts are worried the problem could worsen., #Israel had accepted a cease-fire proposal brokered by #Egypt but #Hamas rejected it with rocket attacks from #Gaza. Now the Israeli military has resumed airstrikes. , Four hundred metric tons of cherries from the U.S. state of Washington can be shipped directly to consumers in China within 72 hours of being picked, thanks to a new charter service from China Eastern Airlines and its e-commerce website partner. , null, Changing dynamics of the BRICS as a global force, Obama presses Congress for long-term transportation bill, Home ownership may be a dream for many and cause for sleepless nights for others. #Canada #realestate #housingmarket, House prices up over 25% a year in London, null, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin #Netanyahu says his country was ready to declare a truce with #Hamas, but the militant group called the deal unacceptable and continued to fire rockets. Now #Israel has resumed airstrikes. Fighting has resumed just hours after Israel’s Security Cabinet accepted an Egyptian cease-fire proposal. Leaders of Hamas, the militant group that controls #Gaza, rejected the plan and never stopped launching rockets at Israel.  
, #Israel initially agreed on Tuesday to a ceasefire plan proposed by #Egypt. After the military wing of #Hamas refused to abide, Israel resumed its #airstrikes. #Gaza, Children jump into the water during the opening ceremony of the 19th #FINA Diving World Cup at the Oriental Sports Center on July 15, 2014 in #Shanghai. The Diving World Cup will take place until July 20., Hong Kong's Chief Secretary Carrie Lam, #Chief #Executive Leung Chun-ying and Secretary for Justice Rimsky Yuen unveiled Hong Kong government's vision for #electoral #reform a press conference in Hong Kong on July 15, 2014. #HongKong, Check out this newly discovered feathered #dinosaur, the "Changyuraptor Yangi". The fossil of the strange dinosaur with four feathery wing-like #appendages, unearthed in #China, could provide clues to the origins of #birds, scientists said. Unearthed at a dinos' graveyard in the northeastern province of #Liaoning, the astonishingly preserved fossil is that of a 125-million-year-old predator the size of a small #turkey., #Russia's President Vladimir Putin, #India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi, #Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, #China's President Xi Jinping and #South #Africa's President Jacob Zuma join their hands during the official photograph of the 6th #BRICS summit in Fortaleza, Brazil, on July 15, 2014. Leaders of the BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) group of emerging powers gathered in Brazil on Tuesday to launch a new development bank and a reserve fund seen as counterweights to Western-led financial institutions., The #Philippine #coconut industry is struggling to contain a fast-spreading insect infestation which has affected more than two million trees. The government says the problem could cause the economy to lose more than 750 million dollars in one year and leave millions jobless. To see more details on the story watch #BizAsiaAmerica tonight at 8 PM EST., Intake towers at the #HooverDam are shown in the Lake Mead National Recreation Area, #Arizona. Last week, North America's largest man-made reservoir dropped below 1,082 feet above sea level, the lowest it's been since the Hoover Dam was built in the 1930s., #Israel resumed a punishing air campaign against #Gaza on July 15 after its #Palestinian foe #Hamas rejected a truce and fired dozens of rockets over the border, killing an Israeli for the first time.

A man carries a wounded baby into the al-Shifa hospital in Gaza City on July 15, 2014, following an Israeli air strike. AFP/Photo., Leaders of the #BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) group of emerging powers gathered in Brazil on Tuesday to launch a new development bank and a reserve fund seen as counterweights to Western-led financial institutions. What is the biggest impact of the BRICS Summit? Give us #YourSay, At least two are dead after bus explodes and then catches fire in #Guangzhou, south #China. , #Syria: A man carries a girl on a street covered with dust following an air strike by government forces in the northern city of #Aleppo on July 15, 2014. More than 170,000 people have been killed in the three-year war, one-third of them civilians, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights., A #Gentoo penguin feeds a chick at the #Faunia park zoo in Madrid. For the first time since the #inauguration of the park in 2001, three couples of Gentoo penguins have hatched two penguin chicks. With these rare multiple births, the park's penguin population has increased by nine Gentoo chicks this summer, while two Humboldt, vulnerable species according to the #IUCN Red List of Threatened Species, and one #Magallanico were also born., A picture taken by a cell phone shows rescuers working near a derailed subway train in a tunnel between #Park Pobedy and #Slavyansky Bulvar stations in #Moscow, on July 15, 2014. At least twenty-one people died and scores more were hurt Tuesday after a train derailed in Moscow's packed metro during rush hour in the worst accident to hit one of the world's busiest subways., A cook arranges plates in the kitchen of the "Le Mesturet" restaurant in #Paris on July 15, 2014, on the day a decree, relating to a "#homemade" designation ("fait maison" in French), takes effect. A decree relating to the "homemade" designation was passed on July 13 in #France and took effect on July 15., Players and members of the #German national football team wave from a truck as they make their way to the "#Fanmeile" area in #Berlin, where fans gathered to welcome players and members of Germany's football national team to celebrate their #FIFA World Cup title., #Israel-#Palestine continue Gaza battle, as #Egypt-brokered ceasefire unravels, Two #Somalis, convicted of the murder of a #Somali nurse working with a #Turkish medical aid unit, are tied to large wooden stakes as they wait to be executed by a firing squad in #Mogadishu., A malnourished girl rests on a bed at Banadir hospital in #Mogadishu. The United Nations food agency (#FAO) on June 2 issued a stark warning over food security in war-torn #Somalia, launching an urgent appeal for 18 million U.S. dollars to stop hunger spreading. The agency estimated there were 860,000 people in need of humanitarian assistance in Somalia, including 200,000 malnourished children under the age of five., Brazilian President #Dilma Rousseff welcomes Chinese President #Xi Jinping at the beginning of the 6th #BRICS summit in #Fortaleza, Brazil. Leaders of the BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) group of emerging powers gathered in #Brazil on Tuesday to launch a new development bank and a reserve fund seen as counterweights to Western-led financial institutions., null, #Fireworks burst around the #Eiffel Tower in Paris as part of #France's annual #Bastille Day celebrations., Bastille Day, 100 years since WWI, UN authorizes cross-border aid delivery to Syria, Former judge sent kids to jail for $2.6 million, World Cup fans have mixed reactions to the final, #Argentinian football fans rally a the Obelisk on 9 de Julio Avenue to celebrate their second place in the 2014 #FIFA #WorldCup #Brazil in Buenos Aires on July 14, 2014., Guess how many Chinese fans are for Germany in World Cup? Chinese football supporters celebrate after #Germany beat #Argentina in the final of the 2014 FIFA World Cup in #Brazil during a public viewing event at the German Center in #Shanghai on July 14, 2014. Mario #Goetze scored a superb extra-time winner as Germany beat Argentina 1-0 to become the first European team to win a World Cup held in South America on July 14., Consul general of France in Hong Kong Arnaud Barthelemy and Hong Kong's chief executive Leung Chun-ying toast along with officials at the French National Day ceremony in Hong Kong on July 14, 2014. The event marked the 50th anniversary of the establishment of Diplomatic relations between #France and #China., Over 55,000 people, fleeing violence in North Kivu province, live in the makeshift camp, made of basic huts, where many people complain of a lack of assistance from the humanitarian community. AFP/Photo., The Queen's Awards for Enterprise are prestigious accolade for businesses and individuals in the United Kingdom.

Britain's #QueenElizabeth II (L) and Britain's Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh (C) greet British Business Secretary Vince Cable (R) at a reception at #Buckingham Palace for winners of The Queen's Awards for Enterprise 2014 in London on July 14, 2014.  AFP/Photo., #FIFA2014 has come to an end, and #Germany took home the #WorldCup. How would you rate the Brazil 2014 World Cup? Give us #YourSay, Behind-the-scenes on #AmericasNow: CCTV America's Elaine Reyes   on a ritzy street called Oscar Freire in Sao Paulo, #Brazil.
CLICK HERE FOR THE FULL STORY: http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/07/13/a-look-into-brazils-luxury-lifestyle, U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel (L) greets #Qatar's Minister of State for Defense Affairs Hamad bin Ali al-Atiyah as he arrives at the Pentagon on July 14, 2014 in Washington, DC. AFP/Image. #USA, #Yemen's Islamist Islah party in the city of #Amran, 50 kms north of Sanaa was bombed by #ShiiteHuthis rebels.

Yemeni authorities accused Shiite rebels of "atrocities" in the northern city of Amran, which they seized in a major advance towards the capital. Home to an estimated 120,000 people, the city fell into rebel hands on Tuesday after a three-day battle which has uprooted some 10,000 families, according to the Red Crescent. AFP/Photo., Ukrainian protesters demonstrate in front of the French ambassador's residence in #Kiev against the sale of Mistral-class warships to #Russia shout slogans on July 14, 2014. 

Some 300 people protested against a 2011 French contract to build at the STX France shipyard in Saint-Nazaire two Mistral-class helicopter carriers, a 1.2 billion euro ($1.6 billion) deal, for for the Russian Navy despite US objections to the project. AFP/Photo. #Ukraine, #Hamas claimed on July 14, 2014, that it had launched a #drone flight deep into Israel from the #Gaza Strip, targeting the defence ministry in the heart of Tel Aviv.

A frame grab from a video released on July 14, 2014, by Ezzedine al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of Hamas, allegedly shows the "Ababil" drone. 

The Israeli army confirmed that it had shot down one unmanned aircraft of the sort it has deployed in huge numbers over Gaza in the past week launched by its Islamist foe. AFP/Photo., Best of #FIFA #WorldCup #Brazil 2014: Photos , The United Nations Security Council meets to discuss the situation in #Syria July 14, 2014 at the United Nations in New York. The Security Council voted unanimously for a Syria aid access resolution. AFP/ Photo. #UN, #Citigroup will be forced to pay a total of $7 billion in fines and consumer relief following a full investigation by the U.S. Justice Department into mortgage-backed securities sold prior to the financial crisis, U.S. Attorney General #EricHolder announced Monday. #financialcrisis, U.S. Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl has returned to regular army duty, according to a senior defense official. The Army is expected to officially announce the Bergdahl move Monday. Do you think he is ready yet?, In Nice, southeastern #France, people are gathered not to celebrate Bastille Day but to demonstrate against  Israel and in support of residents in the #Gaza Strip.

A seven-day conflict has left 175 Palestinians dead. #Israel slowed the pace of its raids on Gaza today and held off a threatened ground incursion as the world intensified efforts to broker a truce around the #Palestinian territory. AFP/ Photo., Burnt vehicles are seen in the compound of Tripoli international airport in the Libyan capital on July 14, 2014 following fighting between rival armed groups the previous day.

Islamist militias attacked the rival Zintan group that controls Libya's international airport in Tripoli yesterday, triggering fierce clashes that halted flights, officials said. AFP/Photo.#Libya #IslamistExtremists, Russia takes over the ball.
Brazil's President Dilma #Rousseff, FIFA President Joseph #Blatter and #Russia's President Vladimir #Putin pose during handing over of the #FIFA2018 #WorldCup to Russia on July 13, 2014 in Rio de Janeiro. AFP/Photo., World Leaders meet at the 5th Petersberg Climate Dialogue in Berlin, an opportunity for world leaders to discuss international climate action issues informally, runs from July 13-15 2014. 

Peruvian Foreign Minister Gonzalo Alfonso Gutierrez #Reinel, Peruvian President Ollanta Humala #Tasso, German Chancellor Angela #Merkel, German Environment Minister Barbara Hendricks and Peruvian Environment Minister Manuel Pulgar-Vidal pose during the 5th Petersberg Climate Dialogue in Berlin on July 14, 2014. AFP/Image, #Indian protestors shout anti-Israeli slogans as police personnel try to detain them during a demonstration against #Israeli attacks on #Gaza outside the Israeli embassy in New Delhi on July 14, 2014.

Israel is hoping to cause long-term damage to #Hamas's military infrastructure before agreeing to ceasefire talks, officials say, as the deadly confrontation entered its seventh day. But it appeared to be in no hurry launch a threatened ground operation as the air force continued to pound Gaza, bringing the #Palestinian death toll to 172, and as militants fired barrages of rockets at central Israel, sending thousands running for cover in the country's major cities. AFP/PHOTO., Update on the previous post:
Church of England votes yes to allowing female #bishops after years of controversy. Members of the clergy arrive for the Church of #England General Synod in #York, northern England, on July 14, 2014. AFP/Photo., Russian President Vladimir #Putin (C) and Brazilian President Dilma #Rousseff (R) during the welcoming ceremony at Planalto Palace in Brasilia on July 14, 2014. Putin is in Brazil to attend the #BRICS summit. AFP/PHOTO., The Church of England was debating whether to allow female bishops for the first time in its history before a vote on July 14, which could end half a century of bitter divisions over the role of women.

 A yes vote by its governing body, the General Synod, could see the first women appointed to the Anglican Church's top jobs by the end of this year.

Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby (R) breaks for lunch with his chaplain Jo Wells (L) during the Church of England General Synod in York, northern England, on July 14, 2014.  AFP/Photo. #WomenBishop #ChurchofEngland, Egypt and Guinea Bissau have now been invited to the U.S.-Africa Summit in Washington next month, after an initial White House Snub when the summit was announced in January.
#USAfricaSummit #Africa #Egypt #alSisi #GuineaBissau, A picture shows water marks on the wreck of the Costa Concordia cruise ship during an operation to refloat the boat on July 14, 2014 off the #Giglio Island. 

Over two and a half years after it crashed off the island of Giglio in a nighttime disaster which left 32 people dead, the plan is to raise and tow away the 114,500-tonne vessel in an unprecedented and delicate operation for its final journey to the shipyard where it was built in the port of Genoa. AFP/Photo. #Italy #Shipping #Tourism #disaster #salvage, #Abe called for talks with Chinese President #Xi Jinping during a regional meeting in Beijing in November, the latest call from Tokyo for a face-to-face meeting amid testy diplomatic relations. The Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation(#APEC) forum later this year would be a possible venue, Abe said. AFP/PHOTO., 172 dead and 1,230 people wounded due to #Israel air strikes and artillery fire on the #Gaza Strip,offensive entered the seventh day on July 14, 2014.

#UN chief Ban Ki-moon said "too many" #Palestinian civilians have been killed as the Palestinian death toll from the punishing Israeli campaign.

Activists of Muslim Students Organization Pakistan (#MSOP) look on beside burning Israeli and U.S. flags during a demonstration against Israeli military operations in Gaza, in Islamabad on July 14, 2014. AFP/PHOTO., Happy #BastilleDay
French Republican Guards on horseback parade on the Champs Elysees avenue during the annual Bastille Day military parade on July 14, 2014 in #Paris. AFP/PHOTO., Pakistani education activist #Malala Yousafza on July 14 urged Nigerian President #Goodluck Jonathan to meet with parents of the schoolgirls kidnapped three months ago by Boko Haram.

Malala, who survived a Taliban assassination attempt in 2012 and has become a champion for access to schooling, was in Abuja on her 17th birthday to mark the somber anniversary of Boko Haram's April 14 abduction of 276 girls from a secondary school in the northeast Nigerian city of Chibok. AFP/PHOTO. #bringbackourgirls #bokoharam, null, null, No deal reached on Iran's nuclear program, Tony Blair visits Cairo to discuss Gaza crisis, Iraqi parliament delays attempts to unify government, #Germany wins #WorldCup after 1-0 victory over #Argentina, Germany beat Argentina 1-0 in Rio de Janeiro's Maracana stadium to win football's #WorldCup for fourth time. 

#Germany's forward Mario Goetze (L) celebrates with his teammate Germany's forward Thomas Mueller after scoring a goal during the second half of extra-time during the 2014 FIFA World Cup final football match between Germany and #Argentina at the Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on July 13, 2014. 
Courtesy of AFP PHOTO / JUAN MABROMATA, null, Egypt provides medical care to Gaza victims, U.S. Secretary of State John #Kerry on July 12 held a second day of talks with #Afghanistan's feuding presidential hopefuls, seeking a deal to "clean up the tally" after disputed elections. 
U.S.; Secretary of State John Kerry, flanked by Afghan presidential candidates Ashraf Ghani (R) and Abdullah Abdullah (L), speaks during a joint press conference in Kabul on July 12, 2014. AFP/Image., The United Nations Security Council meets to discuss the situation in the #MiddleEast at the United Nations in New York.#UN, #Sao Paulo and #Rio are where #Brazil’s most privileged and powerful residents reside. CCTV’s Elaine Reyes reports on how the rich live in Brazil’s biggest cities., #Brazil is defeated by the #Netherlands, 3-0. The #Dutch are taking home third place in the #FIFA 2014 #WorldCup. #BrazilvsNetherlands, Heavy use of #fertilizers and #pesticides has helped China's Northest become the country's top grain #producer, but it's also come at the cost of damaging the region's #environment. , China eases on #Property restrictions in certain cities., It’s the second largest country in the world geographically but with just 35 million people, #Canada needs foreigners with the right skills to grow its #economy. #Immigration , Bookings fell through the floor during #Thailand’s political unrest and #military takeover. #Bangkok saw its popularity plummet, dropping out of the top ten best cities list after being voted No. 1 for the past four years., The outlook for crowdfunding, #Iraq’s top Shiite cleric is again calling on lawmakers to speed up the formation of a new Iraqi government. , The European Union is trying to reassure #Russia that a free trade deal, signed with #Ukraine last month, is not aimed at hurting Moscow. On Friday, talks were held in Brussels aimed at defusing the tensions. #EU #freetradeagreement, Violence at the Gaza frontier, U.S. Secretary of State John #Kerry is in Kabul hoping to resolve what he calls “a critical moment for #Afghanistan.” Last month’s presidential election scandal is still in question with both sides claiming victory., Death toll surpassed 100 in #Gaza airstrikes and #Israel prime minister says there are still more to go. CCTV’s Roee Ruttenberg reports from Tel Aviv., #Abe's decision to re-interpret the constitution has stirred some mixed reaction among #China, South #Korea and the #US. #Japan, Foreign exchange rate system in Venezuela may change, Putin meets Fidel Castro at start of Latin American tour, Brazilian soap operas are a huge hit, Photo of former Taliban prisoner raises questions, This week on #AmericasNow:  #Brazil's Billionaires are booming, and 6 of them call Sao Paulo home. According to #Forbes, it's more than any other city in the Southern Hemisphere and ranked among the Top Ten in the World. For the full report, tune into this week's Americas Now., Barack Obama stressed that American combat troops will not be returning to Iraq. Resolving the Israeli offensive on Gaza may be the first challenge to test President al-Sisi's skills in international politics. Can foreign leaders help end Mideast violence? Give us #YourSay! #Egypt #middleeast #internationalpolitics #US #Worldleaders, #BREAKING: #Tsunami advisory issued after strong #earthquake shakes northern #Japan. , #BREAKING: #Tsunami advisory issued after strong #earthquake shakes northern #Japan., CCTV-America is streaming live online now! Tune in. #live , China's Cheng Ji, center, the first Chinese rider ever to compete in the Tour de France, sets the pace with his teammates as they lead the pack's chase on the breakaway group during the sixth stage of the Tour de France cycling race over 194 kilometers with start in Arras and finish in Reims, #France., Netherland's forward Robin van Persie controls the ball during a training session at the Estadio Nacional in Brasilia, Brazil, Friday. Dutch squad plays Saturday's third-place match against host Brazil. FIFA World CupWorldcup, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang has met with World Intellectual Property Organization Director-General Francis Gurry in #Beijing. Li Keqiang said that making proper use of intellectual property laws can motivate innovation and pointed out that the Chinese government has offered equal treatment and protection for innovations from both Chinese and foreign companies. He said the Chinese government has voiced its strong opposition to invasions of privacy., null, Prime Minister of #Israel says he will not cave in to international pressure to stop a military offensive in the Gaza Strip. Benjamin Netanyahu told a news conference Friday that Israel will continue its offensive until rocket fire out of Gaza is halted., An actor wearing costume depicting the legendary Justice Bao character popular in the Qing dynasty kicks the ball during a match against Chinese girls wearing Germany's colors at an event promoting an Internet film in #Beijing Friday. Even though China's football team did not make it to the World Cup this year, promoters are taking advantage of the soccer fever gripping the Chinese capital., null, null, null, null, Who knew? Kerry can play guitar? During his visit to #China, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry found time to strum a tune. After the talks between U.S. and Chinese officials on Thursday, Chinese Vice Premier Liu Yandong urged Kerry to pick up an acoustic guitar at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. The performance received applause from a small group. Here is the video:, Americans becoming pickier eaters for fast food, South Florida use hi-tech to keep residents happy http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=6465, null, null, #WorldCup #FIFA #Brazil #Rio, Aren't they hardworking? Two vendors ride a loaded tricycle along a street in Beijing on July 10, 2014. China's monthly trade surplus jumped 16.4% in June to 31.6 billion USD, official data showed on July 10, as exports and imports both rose in the latest sign of recovering strength in the world's second-largest economy., The sixth meeting of the U.S.-China Strategic and Economic dialogue just concluded in #Beijing, with Secretary of State John Kerry and Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew representing the United States. Are U.S-China relations improving or hitting roadblocks? Give #YourSay, CCTV America exclusive: Interview with Australian Rear Admiral Simon Cullen at #RIMPAC 2014., Game of Thrones earns a leading 19 Television Academy / Primetime Emmys nominations. Which shows do you watch among the top nominees? 
SEE PHOTOS OF THE 2014 NOMINEES HERE: http://bit.ly/1nbBuDV, #US, #China discuss cyberhacking amid The New York Times revelation of hacked federal workers’ data. , #Ukraine's military advances on separatist-held cities., null, null, null, null, Tropical storm hits Japan, severe damage, null, China issues 4G TDD licences, China rules out Windows 8 for government computers, Mexican government approves telecommunication reform, Sixth U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue opens in Beijing, null, What does China's debut at RIMPAC mean?, Argentina beats Netherlands, going to World Cup Final, How do you feel about this match so far? Argentina's forward Rodrigo Palacio is challenged by Netherlands' players during extra time of the semi-final football match between Netherlands and Argentina of the FIFA World Cup at The Corinthians Arena in Sao Paulo on July 9, 2014., Germano Almeida on racism at the World Cup, You wanna try this too? Dressed in #bikinis, chilling in a #mahjong world in #China! Citizens in #Chongqing enjoy this way to beat the ＃heat. Chongqing residents gathered together at a waterpark in Meixin Foreigner Street zone, to participate in a ＃mahjong contest and cool-off, while the Chongqing observatory released an “orange heat alert”, reporting temperature at 37 Celsius or above within a 24-hours in several areas of Chongqing., Former New Orleans mayor gets 10 years in prison, Photo Gallery: 6th U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue, #Investigators in #Germany are searching the home and office of a suspected U.S. spy in its #military. This comes just days after the arrest of a member of its foreign intelligence agency who’s suspected of being a double #agent., Are you against trade of animal remains? U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry talks with retired Chinese #NBA basketball star Yao Ming about his efforts against international #wildlife #trafficking as they participate in an event about combating the trade of animal remains, at the US-China #Strategic and #Economic #Dialogue talks at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse in Beijing in Beijing on July 9, 2014. http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=6343, China's President Xi Jinping and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry participate in a Joint Opening Session of the US-China #Strategic and #Economic #Dialogue at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse in Beijing on July 9, 2014. China and the U.S. geared early on July 9 for high-stakes talks. #S&ED
http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=6343, The #USS #Independence with all its heavy machinery and crew has a 15 foot draft. Nathan King tells you more amazing facts about this  ship in this video. See all of Nathan's reports from #RIMPAC at this link: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=6167 and watch now on www.cctvamericalive.com., null, Justin Bieber will be charged in Los Angeles in an egg-throwing incident in January that damaged a neighbor's home, prosecutors said. The Los Angeles County district attorney's office said Bieber will be charged Wednesday with one count of misdemeanor vandalism., The Netherlands and Argentina - the Group B and F winners - will fight it out for the right to play against Germany in Sunday's World Cup final at the Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro. Who do you think will win the FIFA World Cup ? Give us #YourSay, Brazilians react to yesterday's 7-1 #WorldCup loss to Germany.  See the full photo gallery at: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=6304., A Syrian man pulls out the body of a child from the rubble following a reported air strike by government forces on July 9, 2014 in the northern city of Aleppo. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, by May some 2,000 civilians including 500 children had been killed in the daily air strikes, which rights groups have condemned as a "war crime" for failing to discriminate between military and civilian targets., Defending champion Chris Froome drops out of Tour de France after crashing in fifth stage., Britain's Prince William is pictured as he #scuba dives with #British Sub-Aqua Club (BSAC) members at a swimming pool in central #London on July 9, 2014. In May 2014, The Duke of Cambridge followed in the footsteps of The Prince of Wales and The Duke of Edinburgh by becoming President of #BSAC, the UK’s governing body for scuba diving., Startup to speed up ailment-diagnosing process, Panel on upcoming China-U.S. S&ED, High on S&ED agenda: China-U.S. investment treaty, Special Page on the upcoming China-U.S. Strategic and Economic Dialogue, S&ED., How #Germany did in the match against #Brazil? Here is a combination of pictures of goals shows Germany's forward Miroslav #Klose becoming the leading all time World Cup goal scorer after scoring in the semi-final of the 2014 FIFA World Cup against Brazil in Belo Horizonte on July 8, 2014. The pictures show from bottom in ascending order the 5 goals scored from the 2002 World Cup, 5 goals from the 2006 World Cup, 4 goals from the 2010 World Cup and 2 in the 2014 World Cup. #WORLDCUP #FIFA, null, null, The #US–#China Strategic and Economic Dialogue (S&ED) is a high-level dialogue for the United States and China to discuss a wide range of bilateral, regional and global #political, #strategic, #security, and #economic issues between both countries., Dozens of activists with the group "Lift Up Oakland" staged protests in front of the Oakland Chamber of Commerce and Oakland City Hall demanding that Oakland raise the minimum wage to $12.25 an hour and give workers paid sick leave. 
Protesters with the group "Lift Up Oakland" hold signs during a demonstration outside of Oakland City Hall on July 8, 2014 in Oakland, California. Images/AFP, null, #Brazil's defender Dante is consoled by #Germany's midfielder Toni Kroos after defeat in the semi-final football match between Brazil and Germany at The Mineirao Stadium in Belo Horizonte on July 8, 2014, during the 2014 FIFA World Cup.  #BRA 1-7 #GER #FIFA #WORLDCUP, Is that ok? #Germany's goalkeeper Manuel Neuer sits on the ball as Brazil's players try to grab it. #BRA 1-7 #GER #FIFA #WORLDCUP, Central American #migrants are among the poorest people in the #Americas. But the economic impact of the ones who pass briefly through the town of El Naranjo is notable. For the full report, tune into #BizAsiaAmerica at 8 PM EST. http://www.cctv-america.com/livestream.html, Germany's coach Joachim #Loew reacts during the semi-final football match between #Brazil and #Germany at The Mineirao Stadium in Belo Horizonte during the 2014 #FIFA #WorldCup on July 8, 2014., null, Israel sends more troops into Gaza Strip http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=6214, null, null, #Brazil is now far behind #Germany on the soccer field, but the venue of the match is also very interesting for its high quality of life and attractions. Check this chart out. #FIFA #WorldCup, Former U.S. Secretary of State and Senator Hillary Clinton (L) poses with French President Francois Hollande (R) as she leaves the Elysee Palace in Paris on July 8, 2014, after their meeting. Clinton is on a tour to promote her memoirs entitled "Hard Choices." AFP/ Photo., What is happening to #Brazil's soccer team in the match against #Germany's? Maybe this chart can help us understand it in terms of their economies. 
CCTV America #FIFA #WORLDCUP Special: #BRAvsGER match-up graphic in a economic perspective., A strong 6.9-magnitude earthquake rocked southern Mexico and Guatemala on Monday killing at least three people and injuring dozens. 
The epicenter was just two kilometers from the Mexican town of Puerto Madero, and 200 km from Guatemala City. AFP/ Photo., HALF-TIME
29' Sami #Khedira (#6) 0 - 5 Germany
26' Toni #Kroos (#18) 0 - 4 Germany
24' Toni #Kroos (#18) 0 - 3 Germany
23' Miroslav #Klose (#11) 0 - 2 Germany
11' Thomas #Müller (#13) 0 - 1 Germany
KICKOFF #WORLDCUP #FIFA
, #Palestinian teenager killed in an #Israeli air strike.
Palestinian relatives of Ahmed Mehdi, 14, mourn over his body at a hospital in Gaza City on July 8, 2014 after his was killed in an Israeli air strike. Israeli warplanes killed at least 13 Palestinians in #Gaza, with Israel weighing "all options" in a new drive to stamp out Hamas rocket fire as the two sides slid toward another major conflict. AFP/ Photo., It's not even half- time yet and the score is 5-0 between #Germany and #Brazil. #FIFA #Worldcup Image/AFP., Chinese say you are not a great man unless you've climbed the Great Wall. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry steadies himself on one of his diplomatic security agents as he climbs down a steep section of the #Badaling Section of the Great Wall of #China in #Beijing on July 8, 2014. U.S. officials including Secretary of State John #Kerry arrived in Beijing on July 8 for annual strategic and economic talks. #SecKerry, How many in the end? 7:1! Germany's forward Thomas Mueller scores during the semi-final football match between #Brazil and #Germany at The Mineirao Stadium in Belo Horizonte during the 2014 #FIFA World Cup on July 8, 2014. #WORLDCUP #BRA #GEM, A picture taken from the southern #Israeli Gaza border shows a #rocket being launched from the Gaza strip into Israel, on July 8, 2014. Israeli #warplanes killed at least 15 Palestinians in Gaza today, as well as another four #militants who tried to infiltrate Israel by sea at the start of a major operation against #rocketfire., #RIMPAC2014 #USNavy #maritime #PeaceArk , #Spain's King Felipe VI, Portugal's President Anibal Cavaco Silva, his wife Maria Cavaco Silva, Spain's Queen #Letizia, Portugal's Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho and Portuguese #Parliament president Maria da Assuncao Esteves drink a toast at the Queluz Palace in #Lisbon., The mother of a late Maidan activist cries as she holds a picture of her son in front of Ukrainian President's residence in Kiev on July 8, 2014, during the "Heavenly Hundred" rally held by Maidan activists' relatives. Activists relatives ask the President to award the title of Hero of Ukraine and to establish a memorial for hundred of Maidan activists who were shot by police snipers in Kiev on January 20, 2014 during mass anti-government protests., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and U.S. Secreary of the Treasury Jacob Lew visit The Great Wall of China at #Badaling, in north of #Beijing on July 8, 2014. U.S. officials including Secretary of State John Kerry arrived in Beijing on July 8 for annual strategic and economic talks, with ties strained by differences over hacking and maritime tensions., Exclusive interview with Secretary of State John Kerry today starting 3pm EST on CCTV America. Full interview at 9pm. Watch our Livestream if you can't get to a TV. www.cctvamericalive.com. Kerry and Secretary Jack Lew talk with CCTV's Wang Guan., #China: Coal mine explosion in Xinjiang Autonomous Region kills 17., A Six Flags  roller coaster hit a tree branch at a Six Flags amusement park, dislodging the front car, leaving four people slightly injured and keeping nearly two dozen summer fun-seekers hanging up to 30 feet in the air for hours, as day turned to night., Afghan presidential candidate Abdullah Abdullah is showered with rose petals by supporters as he prepares to speak at a rally in Kabul on July 8, 2014. Presidential candidate Abdullah Abdullah claimed victory on July 8 in Afghanistan's disputed election, blaming fraud for putting him behind in preliminary results as fears rise of instability and ethnic unrest. Abdullah told a rally of thousands of rowdy supporters in Kabul that he would fight on to win the presidency, but he called for patience from loyalists who demanded he declare a "parallel government" to rule the country., Local residents pushing a pram walk past an #Ukrainian tank in the eastern Ukrainian city of #Slavyansk on July 8, 2014. Ukraine's defence minister Valeriy Geletey said on July 8 that #Kiev would not negotiate with pro-Russian rebels about the terms of a possible ceasefire until they completely disarm., Former US Secretary of State and Senator Hillary Clinton poses with French President Francois Hollande as she leaves the Elysee Palace in Paris on July 8, 2014, after their meeting. Clinton is on a tour to promote her memoirs entitled "Hard Choices.", #Afghanistan: Candidate Abdullah Abdullah rejects election results, #US warns Afghans against forming "parallel government.", Belarus' Catholics attend the annual celebration of Icon of the Mother of God in Budslav some 150 km north of Minsk.Thousands of Catholics come to Budslav as pilgrims to participate in prayer, confession and take part in a procession with candles, dedicated to the celebration of the anniversary Budslav Mother of God., Fire fighters extinguish a vehicle targeted in an Israeli airstrike on Gaza City on July 8, 2014. An Israeli air strike on a car in Gaza City killed four people, medics said, taking the death toll for the day to five from Israel's air campaign., Warren Cohen on upcoming sixth US-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue, Mikolaj Jan Piskorski on #social #media in daily lives, Semi-finalists get ready for World Cup, Changes by new government angered most #Egyptians, More #pipeline projects underway to meet demands in #Asia, Do you think the violence in #Israel will escalate? A ball of fire is seen following an Israel #airstrike on #Gaza International Airport in Rafah, southern Gaza, on July 7, 2014. Israeli police also arrested six Jews suspected of killing a 16-year-old #Palestinian to avenge the killings of three Israeli teenagers, an attack that has touched off a wave of protests and clashes., According to a recent report, Germany faces shortage of 117,000 skilled #workers. To that end, the German government has set its commit to increasing the number of foreign students. #Chinese students are among the largest groups on #German campuses. The question is, will the students actually stay in the country? For the full report, tune into #Biz Asia #America at 8 PM EST., Celebration in Cairo marks 1,045 years of establishment, Members of the Syrian Civil Defence rescue a man under the rubble following a reported barrel-bomb attack by Syrian government forces on July 7, 2014 in the Qadi Askar neighbourhood in Aleppo. The opposition Syrian National Coalition said Sunday that regime forces are preparing to launch a major assault on rebel-held areas of the northern city of Aleppo., White House says most kids at border won't stay in U.S., The exchange of gun fire left the Resident District Commissioner Pius Mujuzi shot and injured in the leg., Flying to the U.S. direct from a foreign country now requires extra security checks. Is the extra security check unneccessary or neccessary for your safety as a passenger?, From one Bush to another and from Bill Clinton to Hillary Clinton. Is there a presidential dynasty? What are your thoughts on it? #USA #Presidency , Freed Kuwaiti opposition leader and former MP Mussallam al-Barrak (C) delivers a speech during celebrations following his release from jail on July 7, 2014 in Kuwait City.

A #Kuwaiti court freed al-Barrak today after police fired tear gas and stun grenades to disperse a fifth straight night of demonstrations demanding his release. Judge Ahmad al-Athari said he was releasing #Barrak on a bail of 5,000 dinars ($17,800), triggering jubilation among supporters of the former MP in the small, jampacked courtroom. Photo/AFP., Will she be a good student? Yuan Zai , the first Taiwan-born baby #panda, bites a career card reading "teacher" while playing "Zhua Zhou", a traditional game played on a child's first birthday to determine his or her future, during the celebration of her first #birthday at the #Taipei City Zoo on July 6, 2014. #抓周, Supporters of opposition leader, Raila Odinga sit in a tree at Uhuru park on July 7, 2014 during a Coalition for Reforms and Democracy (#CORD) political party rally in central #Nairobi. 

Thousands of Kenyans chanted anti-government slogans where sporadic clashes erupted with political and ethnic tensions running high following deadly weekend attacks. Opposition leader and former prime minister Raila Odinga organised the demonstration to address what he says are major government failures, including worsening crime and insecurity, rising living costs, impunity, corruption and allegations of ethnic favouritism in government appointments. Photo/AFP., German Chancellor Angela Merkel shakes hands with Chinese President Xi Jinping before a meeting at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse in Beijing on July 7, 2014. #Merkel is in #China on her seventh visit since 2005, with #economic ties topping the agenda and a high-powered business delegation in tow., At the “Rim of the Pacific” naval exercises in Hawaii, sophisticated warships get a lot of attention. This time, however, a different kind of ship is making waves. CCTV’s Nathan King reports from inside China’s advanced hospital ship: the “Peace Ark.” #RIMPAC, #Israeli-#Palestinian tensions: Suspects confess to killing Palestinian teen. For more visit the link below.  #Jerusalem, Teacher killed in Albi on July 4.

People lay flowers on July 7, 2014 in Albi, southern France, in front of the Edouard Herriot primary school, to pay homage to one of the school's teachers killed on July 4. Several thousand people, including many families, took part in the silent march on July 7, in remembrance of school teacher Fabienne Terral-Calmels, 34, who was stabbed to death in her classroom by the unstable mother of one of her pupils on the last day of the school year. Photo/AFP, Fire engulfed a protective screen on an aboveground section of the #Beijing subway on Sunday evening, firefighters said. No casualties were reported., Explosions in Gaza.
A ball of fire is seen following an Israel airstrike on Gaza International Airport in #Rafah, southern #Gaza, on July 7, 2014. #Israeli air strikes on Gaza killed eight #Palestinian militants, medics said after recovering several bodies from a collapsed tunnel in Rafah. Photo/AFP., Residential units are seen clustered tightly together in an apartment complex in the #QuarryBay area of #HongKong on July 7, 2014. Housing prices in the southern Chinese city have roughly doubled since 2009, with prices being pushed up by buyers from mainland #China, in a trend towards even higher population density that now sees, according to government estimates, around 170,000 people living in tiny subdivided apartments in and around already cramped residential units. Credits to AFP Photo., #Ukraine: 3 bridges on key roads leading into the city of #Donetsk were blown up Monday, in an apparent attempt to block government forces. , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife Akie disembark from the aircraft as they arrive at the Fairbairn defence establishment in Canberra on July 7, 2014. Defence ties are set to take centre stage when Australia plays host to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe this week, as the two countries look set to strengthen their relationship through annual leaders' meetings. Credits to AFP Photo., July 7 marks the 77th anniversary of the #MarcoPolo Bridge incident, a skirmish between Chinese and Japanese troops that served as a pretext for Tokyo's forces to seize Beijing and trigger the Sino-Japanese war. Chinese President Xi Jinping commemorated the 77th anniversary of the official start of war with Japan, condemning those who "ignore the iron facts of history" in an oblique jab at Prime Minister Shinzo #Abe. Credits to AFP Photo. #七七事变 #China #Japan, German Chancellor Angela #Merkel (4th L) and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang (5th L) join Chinese and German highschool students holding a symbolic banner for an education and language exchange program during a visit to the Temple of Heaven in Beijing on July 7, 2014. Merkel is in China on her seventh visit since 2005, with economic ties topping the agenda and a high-powered business delegation in tow. Credits to AFP Photo., 7th ring,  "the Great Beijing Outer Ring Road",  to encircle Beijing by 2017

Beijing's biggest and newest planned road will run for almost 1,000 km, and take you back to exactly where you started from.
The layout of China's capital is becoming more like a vortex, with six rings radiating outwards - and now a seventh is planned with a length of 940 km., Fifteen people have been killed and eight others are missing after recent heavy rain and floods, mostly in south China, the Ministry of Civil Affairs said on Monday.

Seven provincial regions including Xinjiang, Guangxi, Yunnan, and Guizhou have reported deaths after downpours caused floods, landslides and mud-rock flows since July 3, the ministry said.

More than 5.9 million people have been affected by the heavy rain, with 61,000 being displaced. More than 5,000 houses have collapsed, the Office of the National Committee for Disaster Reduction said.
An initial estimate puts direct economic losses at 3.4 billion yuan (547 million U.S. dollars), it added., Neoguri becomes 2014's first super typhoon, null, null, Political debate over immigration continues, 63 Abducted Women Escape Boko Haram Captivity, Team USA's performance makes for more soccer fans, Japanese defense minister to visit the U.S., Suspect for murder of Palestinian teen confessed, Lipstick on a pig? No more says China!

Animal activists are celebrating last week after the legal requirement for animal testing on cosmetics made and sold inside China was lifted. It’s seen as a first step toward eventually stopping all animal testing in the country.

The new regulation will allow both Chinese and foreign companies operating on the Mainland the option of avoiding animal testing if they use ingredients that have already been tested as safe.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJmSJm3ygGI, U.S. immigration crisis shows no sign of slowing, Video of ISIL leader giving sermon at mosque released, null, Novak Djokovic ended his Grand Slam drought and Roger Federer's hopes of a record eighth Wimbledon title with a thrilling five-set victory.

The Serb, 27, came through 6-7 (7-9) 6-4 7-6 (7-4) 5-7 6-4 to win his second Wimbledon and seventh Grand Slam title.

After letting a championship point slip in the fourth set, he won #Wimbledon's first five-set final since 2009., CCTV's Roee Ruttenberg has an update on the tension in southern #Israel. , The #Netherlands will be playing #Argentina in the semi-finals after beating #CostaRica 4-3 on penalty kicks today. #Worldcup #FIFA Photo Credits to AFP photo., The American Dream is no longer what it used to be., Indian leftist activists burn an effigy of Trinamool Congress MP Tapas Pal in Kolkata on July 5, 2014. Protestors set fire to an effigy of an Indian lawmaker who had threatened the rape of his rivals' relatives as a storm over his comments refused to subside despite an apology. Credits to AFP Photo, Dibyangshu Sarka., #Belgium Royal weds in Italy. Prince Amedeo of Belgium and bride Elisabetta Rosboch von Wolkenstein (also known as Lili Rosboch) celebrate as they leave the basilica Santa Maria in Trastevere after they just got married on July 5, 2014 in Rome. Credits to AFP Photos., Medication shortages threaten patients in Venezuela, Shop keepers in Rio split on benefits of World Cup, Check this out for some amazing photos of the #WorldCup through #Instagram users. Credits to AP Instagram. #FIFA #Brazil, Dr. Jill Biden, wife of the US vice-president meets women parliamentarians in the parliament in Kinshasa on July 4, 2014. 
Biden's trip is to highlight the importance of girls’ education and women’s participation in government, the economy, and civil society in accelerating economic development, improving health and educational outcomes, strengthening democratic governance, and fostering peace and security. Woman in blue is Marie ange Lukiana. #Congo #US, Will you buy this shirt for 5 bucks? Tourists walk past T-shirts featuring an image of U.S. President Barack Obama wearing revolutionary style clothing, above a slogan saying "Serve the People", at a stall below the Great Wall of China, at Mutianyu, north of Beijing on July 4, 2014. The shirts sell for 5 USD each., Japan decided Thursday to ease several sanctions against the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. Ken Maritsugu reports from Tokyo. #DPRK, The largest North American #anime expo makes it's way to Los Angeles this week, making for an exiting event for all #Japanese anime and #cosplay fans. #AnimeExpo2014, Hundreds of undocumented Central American migrants use the San Pedro River, located in the remote El Peten region of northern Guatemala to escape into Mexico., As Germany beats France 1-0, six more teams compete to join them for a spot in the World Cup #semifinals. Who do you think will win the #WorldCup? Give us #YourSay! #FIFA #Brazil #WorldCup2014, Kermit the Frog and Miss Piggy  perform at PBS's 2014 "A Capitol Fourth" rehearsals at the U.S. Capitol, West Lawn on July 3, 2014 in Washington, DC. Photo courtesy Getty Images for Capitol Concerts, AFP. #independenceday #freedomfriday #fourthofjuly, #Ukraine's president seeks new crisis talks, as fighting continues in the country's eastern regions., People walk along a flooded street near the waterfront in Manteo, North Carolina on Friday, after #Hurricane Arthur passed through the area leaving some roads underwater.The hurricane began moving offshore and away from North Carolina's Outer Banks early Friday after hitting the state's barrier islands overnight, creating a Fourth of July holiday that saw flooding and tens of thousands of power outages in the east coast of United States., null, null, World Cup Fervor: Who will come out on top? #Worldcup  FIFA World Cup FIFA Trending World Cup, null, null, null, null, Did you miss last night's #Insight? Amazing story of a deaf athlete striving to play in the NFL. CCTV's Sean Callebs reports. 
WATCH IT HERE: http://bit.ly/1j4k2X0, null, null, null, null, null, ECB maintains key rates, including negative deposit rate, Investors urged to buy Colombia bonds, null, U.S. job growth surges, unemployment rate near six-year low, null, China's President Xi Jinping shakes hands with his South Korean counterpart Park Geun-Hye prior to a summit meeting at the Blue House in Seoul on July 3, 2014., null, null, The U.S. embassy in #Uganda warned of a "specific threat" on The #Entebbe International Airport by an unknown terror group on Thursday. Does increased airport security make you feel safer? Give us #YourSay!, null, null, This week on #AmericasNow: Caballero Body Armor is put to the test. Tune in at the show's new time: Saturdays at 7PM EDT; Sundays at 7AM BJT. 
, #Iran nuclear talks: What are the main sticking points after months of diplomatic talks?, null, Xi Jinping's state visit to South Korea helps regional stability, null, null, Heard of Twitch? It beats Hulu Facebook & Amazon in net traffic. Watch Biz Asia America tonight at 8pm. CCTV America's Mark Niu introduces us to Hearthstone master "Trump" and Twitch’s Chief Operating Officer Kevin Lin. Watch our  Livestream at www.cctvamericalive.com., null, Rescuers and onlookers look at the #wreckage of a cargo plane which crashed at a commercial building in a #Nairobi suburb shortly after takeoff on July, 2, 2014 from the #Kenyan capital's main airport, the busiest in east African. The Fokker 50 cargo airplane crashed with four crew just outside the airport as it took off to ferry khat to neighbouring Somalia., Iraqi prime minister warns region about militant group, The leader of the so-called Islamic State has called on Muslims worldwide to take up arms and flock to the "caliphate" it had declared on captured Syrian and Iraqi soil, even as violence continues. Do you think enough is being done to help #Iraq? Give us #Yoursay, A study published on July 2, 2014 shows that a #gene inherited from a primitive human, a close cousin of the Neanderthal who disappeared at least 40,000 years ago, has helped #Tibetans adapt to life in high altitude., null, null, 5 Things you need to know about ISIL, We are live now. Tune in for the latest news. You can watch on your computer, smartphone or tablet at www.cctvamericalive.com., Indonesian Muslims perform the "tarawih" prayer marking the first eve of Islam's holy month Ramadan as the world's most populous Muslim-majority country prepares to celebrate the month at Istiqlal mosque in Jakarta. Muslims around the world celebrate Ramadan, the holiest month in the Islamic calender, in which they abstain from eating, drinking and sex from sunrise to sunset., A Pakistani Muslim girl prays next to dishes of food before breaking her fast during the holy fasting month of Ramadan in Karachi on June 30, 2014. The fasting month of Ramadan is sacred for the world's estimated 1.6 billion Muslims because it is during that month that tradition says the Quran was revealed to the Prophet Mohammed. The faithful fast from dawn to dusk, and abstain from eating, drinking, smoking and having sex during that time as they strive to be more pious and charitable., #Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge, and his wife #Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, sit in the Royal Box on Centre Court during the men's singles quarter-final match between Britain's Andy Murray and Bulgaria's Grigor Dimitrov on day nine of the 2014 #Wimbledon Championships at The All England Tennis Club in Wimbledon, southwest #London, on July 2, 2014., Afghan Muslims pray at the mosque during the Islamic holy fasting month of Ramadan in Herat province on July 1, 2014. Across the Muslim world, the faithful fast from dawn to dusk, and abstain from eating, drinking, smoking and having sex during that time as they strive to be more pious and charitable., The newly re-launched wax figures of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are displayed at Madame Tussauds tourist attraction in central London on July 2, 2014. Originally appearing in 2012 in their engagement outfits, the figures are now dressed in evening dress, with the Duke wearing a double-breasted Gieves and Hawkes suit while the Duchess wears a turqoise silk ISSA London gown., Israelis mourns and light candles in Rabin Square in Tel Aviv after the announce that the bodies of the three missing Israeli teenagers were found. Israel confirmed finding the bodies of three teenagers who disappeared in the southern West Bank on June 12, blaming the Islamist Hamas movement for their kidnapping and murder., New stadium opening awaits Niners, Umbilical cord blood helps to save lives, If you want some high dining experience in #Shanghai. Check out the "air restaurant" in Lujiazui, the Finance and Trade zone of the city., #WorldCup Update: July.1,.2014.

#Argentina scored and kicked #Switzerland to the curb with a 1- 0 victory. #Belgium scored twice against the #US in extra time, winning at 2-0. #FIFA, National growth rates in Latin America fall into a geographical divide, Gold price hits 3-month high on softer dollar and Iraq crisis, The year 2013, saw an increase in the number of children killed or mutilated in conflicts around the world, including in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq, while the recruitment of children was particularly alarming in the Central African Republic and Nigera. CCTV’s Liling Tan reports., #Belgium beats the #US in the World Cup match on July 1, moving on in to the quarter- finals. #Worldcup #fifa #knockout, Laid-off ministry of Finance's cleaners protest outside the Greece's general accountant office in #Athens on July 1, 2014 as they continue their struggle to get their jobs back. Across the EU, 25.18 million were #jobless in May. The highest levels of #unemployment were still in Greece, at 26.8% and Spain at 25.1%. Credits to AFP Photo, Louisa Gouliamaki., European football giants #France and #Germany will go toe-to-toe in a #quarterfinals match on Friday, which will be held in Rio De Janeiro. #Worldcup #FIFA , #Philippines, Manila: Chinese Ambassador to the Philippines Zhao Jianhua speaks to businessmen in Manila on July 1, 2014 during a welcome dinner in his honor. The envoy urged the two countries, which are locked in a South #China sea territorial dispute, to focus on working together on matters that will be mutually beneficial for both countries. Credits to AFP Photo, Jay Directo., How well do you think team #USA performed against #Belgium's national team? Belgium beats the United States 2-1 to set up a World Cup quarterfinal match vs Argentina.  #WorldCup #FIFA #football #soccer, Putin steps out to address the end of the cease-fire.  #Ukraine Crisis. #russia, #BokoHaram has been blamed for the deadly bombing in #Nigeria. Thousands of Nigerians face an agonizing choice in coming hours to head to a viewing center to watch Nigeria take on France in the World Cup or to stay home and stay safe., In honor of #Canada Day, July 1. Credits to CNN. , Belgium vs. U.S.
A U.S. fan shows his support during the 2014 #FIFA #WorldCup on July 1, 2014. Photo Credits to Reuters., null, null, null, #Panama's new President #Juan Carlos Varela and his wife #Lorena Castillo de Varela wave during the #inauguration ceremony on July 1, 2014 in #Panama City., Mexican police killed 22 people in a shootout at a warehouse. Check out the video below. John Holman has more., Japan's Cabinet on Tuesday approved a reinterpretation of the country's post World War-II constitution that will allow the military to help defend allies under what is known as "collective self-defense." What do you think of a more militaristic #Japan ? Give us #YourSay., UN says more than 2,400 killed in #Iraq in June, highest monthly toll this year., Japan's Cabinet on Tuesday approved a reinterpretation of the country's pacifist post World War-II constitution that will allow the military to help defend allies and others "in a close relationship" with #Japan under what is known as "collective self-defense."  Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said the shift is needed to protect the lives of the Japanese people in an increasingly severe security environment., Passengers stay outside a bullet train leaving for #Xiamen, southeast China's Fujian Province, at the Beijing South Railway Station. The new high-speed railway line linking #Beijing and Xiamen started operation on Tuesday, cutting the travel time between the two cities to less than 13 hours. Photo courtesy of Xinhua., Check out this clip from a CCTV America #exclusive interview with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on #Iraq and other global issues. WATCH HERE: http://bit.ly/1mFQD03, Doctors Without Borders/ Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) report: 58 killed in hospitals in the #SouthSudan conflict, Day 2 of our news expansion. We hope you'll join us at 3pm EST. You can watch on your computer, smartphone or tablet at www.cctvamericalive.com. , null, null, The competitive edge in Hong Kong faces challenge, In Abuja, the threat of more terror attacks has driven many Nigerians off the streets, keeping them from watching their home team in the World Cup. CCTV’s Jane Kiyo reports., A former vice chairman of the state Central Military Commission, Xu Caihou has been expelled from the Communist Party of China. Xu, one of the highest ranked person charged with corruption since the government launched a year-long campaign against official corruption. #xucaihou #scandal, #Israeliteens, ROK parliament to receive gov't reports on deadly ferry disaster, Arjen Robben admits to diving in win over Mexico, Chinese President Xi Jinping (R) meets with Indian Vice President Shri Mohammad Hamid Ansari (L) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on June 30, 2014. Shri Mohammad Hamid Ansari is on a visit to China from June 26 to 30. Credits to AFP Photo, Wang Zhao., Visitors pose for photographs during an open day at the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) Shek Kong Barracks in Hong Kong on June 29, 2014. The Hong Kong Garrison includes elements of the People's Liberation Army Ground Force, Navy and Air Force representing a total of some 6000 personnel., What do you think of #WorldCup penalty-kick shootouts? Netherlands' forward Klaas-Jan Huntelaar scores on a penalty kick past Mexico's goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa during a Round of 16 football match between #Netherlands and #Mexico at Castelao Stadium in Fortaleza during the 2014 FIFA World Cup on June 29, 2014. FIFA World Cup FIFA Club World Cup World Cup on ESPN, Supreme Court rules family owned corporations are not required to provide contraceptive coverage if it violates their religious beliefs. 

#Religious freedom supporters hold a rally to praise the Supreme Court's decision in the #HobbyLobby, contraception coverage requirement case on June 30, 2014 in Chicago, Illinois. Oklahoma-based Hobby Lobby challenged the provision and the high court ruled requiring family-owned corporations to pay for insurance coverage for contraception under the Affordable Care Act violated a federal law protecting religious freedom.  Photo:Scott Olson, Getty Images, AFP, Starting on June 30th, CCTV America will begin our news broadcasts at 3pm EST. With new newscasts originating out of our Washington,DC broadcast center at the top of the hour from 3-6pm.

The Heat moves to 7pm EST weekdays. The Heat is CCTV America’s political talk show addressing global issues in depth. At 8pm Biz Asia America, provides a full hour of global in depth economic reporting.

CCTV America News Hour is seen at the 9-10pm EST hour.

CCTV America can always be found at www.cctv-america.com.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cpKaQc56GM, null, FIFA World Cup: #Germany and #Algeria face memories from 1982. , null, CCTV-America news expands to 5 hours today! Tune in live now!, Crude oil spill causes huge fire in northeast #China’s coastal city of Dalian.
, null, null, #China: Former general expelled from the ruling Communist Party to face bribery charges.

, China has charged four people in the #Kunming railway attacks from this past March, and sentenced 113 others on terror crimes., Building collapse kills at least 19 people in #India; rescuers continue to search for survivors., The team is ready for 5 hours! CCTV America news expands starting today at 3pm est. Watch our Livestream on your smart phone or tablet if you can't get to a TV.  http://www.cctv-americalive.com, Star of The Vampire Diaries  Ian Somerhalder talks with Mike Walter about Ian Somerhalder Foundation  Watch & share. , An amazing story from #AmericasNow! The incredible migration of monarch butterflies to #Mexico., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, #Mexico's midfielder Hector Herrera (top) and #Netherlands' defender Ron Vlaar vie for the ball during a Round of 16 football match between Netherlands and Mexico at Castelao Stadium in Fortaleza during the 2014 FIFA #WorldCup on June 29, 2014. 

Netherlands defeats Mexico 2-1, moves to quarterfinals., A combination of pictures created on June 28, 2014 shows various players eyeing the ball before returning in their respective games, #China's Li Na, #Spain's Rafael Nadal, #Portugal's Michelle Larcher De Brito, #Japan's Kei Nishikori, #Australia's Lleyton Hewitt. Credits AFP photos. #Wimbledon, Immigrant children in the U.S.: what should be done?, null, Colombian mayors are imposing bans on alcohol and curfews for minors Saturday to discourage mayhem on a big #WorldCup game with #Uruguay. Some are even banning motorcycles. Credits to AP., China's debut in the world's largest naval exercise is a "leap of trust" as it teams with the United States and U.S. allies at a time of heightened regional tension over territorial disputes. Credits to Xinhua News. #RIMPAC, On June 28, 2014 thousands of Turkish people break their fasting at the Blue Mosque square. Ramadan is sacred to Muslims because it is during that month that tradition says the Koran was revealed to the Prophet Mohammed. The fast is one of the five main religious obligations under Islam. Credits to AFP Photo, Ozan Kose., China's Peng Shuai (top) serves as her partner Taiwan's Hsieh Su-Wei (bottom) stands at the net against Ukraine's Yuliya Beygelzimer and Poland's Klaudia Jans-Ignacik during their women's doubles second round match on day six of the 2014 #Wimbledon Championships at The All England Tennis Club in Wimbledon, southwest London, on June 28, 2014. Credits to AFP Photo, Glyn Krik, King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud and #US Secretary of State John #Kerry talks about the increasing violence in #Iraq, #ISIS and other regional and international issues. Credits to AFP Photo, Brendan Smialowski., Chinese Premier Li Keqiang (R) meets with Indian Vice President Shri Mohammad Hamid Ansari (L) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on June 28, 2014.  AFP Photo, Wang Zhao.
#India #china, A seriously wounded Syrian boy looks on as he is treated at a makeshift hospital on June 28, 2014, following a reported car bomb explosion at a popular market in the rebel-held town of Douma, northeast of the capital Damascus. Credits to AFP Photo, ABD DOUMANY. #syria #explosion, On June 28, 2014 U.S. Marshals provide extra security outside the E. Barrett Prettyman United States Courthouse in Washington D.C. on Saturday, June 28, 2014. Ahmed Abu Khattala, a Libyan thought to be responsible for the 2012 terrorist attacks in Benghazi is being held in federal law enforcement custody. Credits to AFP images. #Benghazi, null, null, Billions at risk as West Coast Port contract ends, A tourist jokes in front of an advertisement with the portrait of Uruguay's forward Luis #Suarez at Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on June 26, 2014. Sportswear giant Adidas said Thursday it would stop using Luis Suarez, one of its key promotional stars, for World Cup adverts after his four-month ban from football activities for biting Italian Giorgio Chiellini., Ukrainians release balloons they attend a gathering in the iconic #Maidan square in #Kiev, to celebrate the signing of a historic EU-#Ukraine association agreement, on June 27, 2014. Ukraine's new leader on Friday sealed a landmark #EU pact that drew immediate threats of retaliation by #Russia in its high-stakes standoff over the ex-Soviet country's future with the West. Credits to AFP photo., South Korea's goalkeeper Kim Seung-Gyu (R) and a teammate react after being defeated at the end of a Group H football match between South Korea and Belgium at the Corinthians Arena in Sao Paulo during the 2014 #FIFA World Cup on June 26, 2014. Belgium won 1-0. #WorldCup #SouthKorea, The final 16 in the #FifaWorldCup have reached the #knockout stage of the matches. Who do you think will win the World Cup? Give us #YourSay., Get an birds-eye view of all the #WorldCup #stadiums courtesy of Google Earth. Plus background on the locations., A view of the north tower of the Golden Gate Bridge on June 27, 2014 in Sausalito, California. The Golden Gate Bridge district's board of directors voted unanimously to approve a $76 million funding package to build a net suicide barrier on the iconic span. Over 1,500 people committed suicide by jumping from the iconic bridge since it opened in 1937. 46 people jumped to their death in 2013. Credits to Justin Sullivan, Getty Images. AFP Images. #Goldgatebridge, More than 50 Chinese nationals who were working in battle-ridden northern #Iraq have arrived in #Baghdad by helicopter. The rest of the 1,000 employees of #China Machinery Engineering Corp, who are still trapped in the city of Samarra, are expected to be taken to the Iraqi capital within three days. China’s Foreign Ministry says most of the remaining workers were safe in their workplace residences. The Chinese government is sparing no efforts to ensure their safe evacuation., A Royal Bengal tiger prowls in Sunderbans, at the Sunderban delta, about 130 kilometers  south of Kolkata, #India. An Indian fisherman says a tiger has snatched a man off a fishing boat and dragged him away into a mangrove swamp. The attack happened Thursday as Sushil Manjhi and his son and daughter were crab fishing in a stream in the Sunderbans National Park. The attack was the fourth deadly assault by a tiger this year in the #Sunderbans, wildlife officials said., #EU signs trade pact with #Ukraine, warns of sanctions against #Russia, Myanmar President Thein Sein, lfet, shakes hands with his Chinese President Xi Jinping during a signing ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on Friday. Xi said China and Myanmar are linked by rivers and mountains and therefore the destinies of the two countries are tied together. #China hopes Myanmar could achieve long-term stability and development and that it will continue to stick to the development paths commensurate with its national conditions., In this image taken from video, flames rise in the background of houses after a state-owned gas pipeline exploded in Nagaram village, in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh Friday. A top official of the state-run Gas Authority of #India Ltd, said at least 15 people died and 14 others were injured in the fire following the explosion in the pipeline.Flames rose more than 80 feet into the air, scorching the tops of coconut and palm trees and sending dense black clouds of smoke into the sky., null, Venezuela's rental law backfired against market, 5 years after the pop star's death, Michael Jackson fans remember and celebrate the musician's life and achievements. , Cuba's new foreign investment law goes into effect, null, Major sports brands compete for financial success in World Cup, null, A 'Historic Moment': Chinese ships participate in the international RIMPAC naval exercises, null, null, Belgium's midfielder Steven Defour heads the ball during a Group H football match between South Korea and Belgium at the Corinthians Arena in Sao Paulo during the 2014 FIFA World Cup on June 26, 2014., The wrecked Costa Concordia cruise ship lays off Giglio Island on June 26, 2014. A meeting on Wednesday that was supposed to approve the transfer of the shipwreck for dismantlement and disposal in Genoa, failed to reach an agreement as the destiny of the ill-fated cruise liner, which is still resting where it crashed into rocks on the Island of Giglio in Tuscany in January 2012, must now be decided within seven days by the Italian cabinet of ministers., U.S. President Barack Obama has asked Congress to approve $500m to train and equip members of the "moderate Syrian armed opposition". It would help Syrians "defend themselves against regime attacks", the White House said in a statement. It would also be aimed at countering extremists such as the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), it added., Don't miss this week's Americas Now on Sunday @ 8PM EDT! 
WATCH THE PROMO HERE: http://bit.ly/1qLoHPD , CCTV America #WorldCup Special: Player Profile: Recife
There were upwards of 42,000 fans toughing it out at the Arena Pernambuco on Thursday.
It's the the 6th largest city in Brazil with  some 3.7 million people.
Recife is known for as a center of business and industry with a major port on the Atlantic. it is often called 'the capital of the North-east'.

But its hidden assets are its beaches and reefs. The reefs being central to the city's name, Recife.  The city's Dutch influence has also left behind some terrific architecture., Tune in to #FullFrame on CCTV-America at 8pm EDT this Saturday to hear Dr. Deepak Chopra  talk about the ways Mind-Body medicine can shape global change., CCTV America #WorldCup Special: #USAvsGER match-up graphic in a economic perspective. #USA #GER, #Uruguay forward Luis Suarez exits the FIFA World Cup with one of the longest bans in tournament history. He has been banned by FIFA from all football for four months for biting an Italian opponent. Aside from Diego Maradona's 15-month suspension for a failed drug test at the 1994 tournament, it's the longest ban handed out to a player at the World Cup. What’s #YourSay about the ban on Luis Suarez for biting?, China coordinating with Iraq on worker evacuation, #FIFA bans Uruguay's Luis Suarez for 9 games and 4 months for biting opponent at World Cup. Uruguay's football federation said that it plans to appeal FIFA's decision., A brand new, dazzling pink parking space has appeared at a shopping centre in downtown of China's northeastern Dalian city, Liaoning province.

The parking spot is outlined in the brightest of bright pink with the Chinese characters of "Ladies Only".

However, not quite everyone is ready to swoon over the gesture. It has also sparked accusations of sexism and discrimination. Some believe the conspicuous space, which is markedly larger than a regular one, is condescending to women, assuming they lack the motoring know-how necessary to squeeze their car into a normal-sized slot. However, those responsible insist this is simply for their own safety and not a reflection of their reversing skills. 

What's your take on this "Ladies Only" parking spots?, #Australia announces new search area for #MH370
, "Right to be forgotten": Google begins to remove some search results to comply with an #EU ruling, null, Ghana ensures World Cup on TV by preventing blackouts, Peter Morici on the state of U.S. economy, Henry Paulson on climate change and U.S. economy, Travel to China at Smithsonian Folklife Festival in Washington, null, null, Egypt football training centers hope to foster new talent, CCTV America #WorldCup Special: #FRAvsECU match-up graphic in a economic perspective. #FRA #ECU, This year, the rich history of two countries is on display at the annual #Smithsonian #Folklife Festival here in Washington -- Kenya and #China.
With more than 100 Chinese artists, it's an opportunity for China and the US to bridge cultural divides.And while we in the US know about China's ability to export all kinds of goods -- this is a look at history, and long-treasured ancient crafts.
CCTV's Sean Callebs will give us a taste of what's available over the next two weeks in today's Insight at 7:50., "It's hard to survive without air conditioning." Hank Paulson, former U.S. Treasury Secretary said of escalating temperatures in the South Eastern United States. See what else he has to say about climate change tonight on Biz Asia America at 8pm est. Watch live at www.cctv-americalive.com, Chinese official Zhang Zhijun, director of the Taiwan Affairs Office, shakes hands with his Taiwanese counterpart Wang Yu-chi, director of Taiwan's Mainland Affairs Council (MAC) at a hotel in Taoyuan on June 25, 2014., Children and spectators watch Fu-Wan, one of two giant pandas on loan from China, inside the Giant Panda Complex enclosure at the National Zoo in Kuala Lumpur on June 25, 2014. Fu-Wan and Feng-Yi, the two giant pandas on loan from China to mark the 40th anniversary of Malaysia-China diplomatic relations, were renamed Xing-xing and Liang-liang respectively on their first public appearance., The Sunni militant group ISIL has secured the border crossings into Syria and Jordan and four nearby towns giving them control over much of Iraq’s western frontier. The United States is sending up to 300 military advisers to Iraq as pressure mounts on Iraqi PM Nouri Al-Maliki to step down. Do you think the fight in Iraq will spread across the region?  Share your thoughts using #YourSay, Lebanese security forces detain a man outside the Duroy hotel where a suicide bomber blew himself up in his room, in Beirut, Lebanon, Wednesday, as security forces raided the premises. The bombing is the latest in a string of attacks and security sweeps in #Lebanon over the past week that have sparked fears of renewed violence in a country that has been deeply affected by the civil war in neighboring #Syria., Chinese philanthropist Chen Guangbiao greets volunteers dressed in green Chinese military uniforms before hosting a luncheon for several hundred homeless people on Wednesday at The Boathouse restaurant in New York's Central Park., Rescue workers carry the remains of a person in a body bag, after a explosion at a shopping mall in Abuja, #Nigeria, Wednesday which killed least 21 people and many wounded.The blast came as Nigerians were preparing to watch their country's Super Eagles play #Argentina at the World Cup in #Brazil. Many shops at the mall have TV screens but it was unclear if the explosion was timed to coincide with the match, which started an hour later., Watch Live: US Secretary of State John Kerry speaking at NATO on crisis in #Iraq and situation in #Ukraine, null, null, null, null, null, null, Chinese internet speed accelerator Xunlei debuts on NASDAQ, #WorldCup Special: #Italy vs #Uruguay from a economic perspective., Residents pay their respects to U.S. Army Pfc. Aaron Toppen as a caisson carrying his remains passes by on its way to St. Johns cemetery on June 24, 2014 in Mokena, Illinois. Toppen, 19, was killed alongside four other American soldiers and an Afghan soldier in a friendly fire airstrike while they were engaged in a firefight earlier this month in Afghanistan., CCTV-America is streaming live now! Be sure to tune in., A boy plays with a ball at a camp for displaced Iraqi Shiite Turkmen who fled their town of Tal Afar, in Shikhan, in Kurdistan's Dohuk province, on June 24, 2014. The strategic Shiite-majority north Iraq town of Tal Afar and its airport were in the hands of Sunni Arab militants yesterday after days of heavy fighting, a local official and witnesses said. The state of Iraq, in its modern form, was created in 1920, and has always been a patchwork of ethnicities and religious confessions., Did you see that? Do you agree with Italy's defender Giorgio Chiellini, who said "It was ridiculous not to send Suarez off." 
Uruguay's forward Luis Suarez (R) reacts after clashing with Italy's defender Giorgio Chiellini during a Group D football match between Italy and Uruguay at the Dunas Arena in Natal during the 2014 FIFA World Cup on June 24, 2014. Uruguay won 1-0., Delegates of the Nazarbayev Summer Camp from Kazakhstan during their visit to the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on June 24, 2014., Almost half-way through the FIFA World Cup, what do you think is the biggest surprise so far in the tournament? Give us #YourSay, #Uruguay's forward Luis Suarez reacts past Italy's defender Giorgio Chiellini during a Group D football match between #Italy and Uruguay at the #Dunas Arena in Natal during the 2014 #FIFA World Cup on June 24, 2014., The U.N. team reported at least 1,075 people killed this month across #Iraq. The vast majority of them civilians, have been killed as Sunni insurgents overtook key areas of the country.The new findings from the U.N. human rights team in Iraq show the casualty rate from violence and terror already in June is among the highest since the U.S. troop pullout from the country 2-1/2 years ago., Chinese President Xi Jinping claps hands as he poses for a group photo with delegates of Nazarbayev Summer Camp from Kazakhstan at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, Tuesday. Over 200 teachers and students from the Nazarbayev University came to #China for summer camping. Xi said he invited them to come to China for summer camping when he visited #Kazakhstan last September, and he is very happy to see them here., World Health Organization (WHO) releases new report on the West African Ebola virus; regional death toll reaches 350 since February 2014.
WHO REPORT: http://www.who.int/csr/don/2014_06_24_ebola/en/, #Britain's Queen Elizabeth II smiles as she is guest of honour at a Garden party hosted by the Secretary of State for Northern #Ireland at #Hillsborough Castle, south of Belfast in Northern Ireland, on the second day of her three day visit, on June 24, 2014., Austrian President Heinz Fischer welcomes #Russian President Vladimir Putin at Hofburg Palace in #Vienna on June 24, 2014. Putin arrived to hold talks with President Heinz Fischer and Chancellor Werner Faymann during the one-day flying visit to discuss the situation in #Ukraine., A resident feeds a cherry to an orphaned juvenile squirrel in New Delhi on June 23, 2014. The squirrel was rescued from a tree which fell during a recent thunderstorm in the city., U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) whistleblower Edward Snowden speaks to European officials via videoconference during a parliamentary hearing on improving the protection of whistleblowers, at the Council of Europe in Strasbourg, eastern France, on June 24, 2014., Picture released by the Mexican Presidency press office showing Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto celebrating a goal during the Mexico vs Croatia FIFA World Cup football match held in Brazil, on June 23, 2014 in Mexico City. Mexico won by 3-1 and qualified to the knock-out phase., Britain's Queen Elizabeth II is presented with a posy of flowers by two year old Stella Sweeney, on a visit to St George's indoor market in Belfast, on the second day of her visit to Northern Ireland on June 24, 2014., null, null, Iran's nuclear capabilities: What's next?, Iraqi residents face fuel shortages and high prices, Fire takes over cars at the site of a car bomb attack in the mainly Shiite populated Shayyah neighborhood of a Beirut southern suburb. Residents gather at the site of a car bomb attack in the mainly Shiite populated Shayyah neighborhood of a Beirut southern suburb, early on June 24, 2014. The explosion, likely carried out by a suicide attacker, happened around midnight local time on June 24 near an army checkpoint and a cafe where football fans were watching the World Cup., Residents gather at the site of a car bomb attack in the mainly Shiite populated Shayyah neighborhood of a Beirut southern suburb, early on June 24, 2014. The explosion, likely carried out by a suicide attacker, happened around midnight local time on June 24 near an army checkpoint and a cafe where football fans were watching the World Cup., Foreigners working for U.S. government granted special visas, China's Li Na (R) shakes hands with Poland's Paula Kania after winning her women's singles first round match on day one of the 2014 Wimbledon Championships at The All England Tennis Club in Wimbledon, southwest London, on June 23, 2014, The #WorldCup is a huge event not only from a sports point of view but also in terms of marketing. It's a global business run by FIFA year-round-even if most people only notice it every four years during the FIFA World Cup.  Paulo Cabral has the details report at 8 ET on CCTV America, Protesters hold signs reading "1,200,000+ demand justice for Liz" (C), "My dignity isn't yours to take" (R) and "Slashing grass is not punishment for rape" (L) , as they take part in a march through the Kenyan border town of Busia, on June 23, 2014, to demand justice for the 16-year-old schoolgirl, known by the pseudonym Liz, who was reportedly attacked, beaten and then raped by six men as she returned from her grandfather's funeral in western Kenya in June 2013, ahead of the trial of suspects who were originally punished by being made to cut grass., #WorldCup Social Numbers:
• The audience is a highly social one: as they watch a match, 50% are checking for updates on networks and a third are posting their own comments
• Facebook is by far the most popular platform among networkers (93%), although Twitter is also a major destination (59%)
• Social networkers are most likely to post messages about goals (73%) or the final result (74%). 
• The home is the biggest venue for watching the World Cup (85%), but over a third are heading to a pub (36%) 
• While Coca-Cola and Adidas are the most recognized sponsors, more than a third mistakenly believe that Visa and Nike are official partners.
Source: GlobalWebIndex: GWI Trends Q2 2014, Secretary of State John Kerry made his trip to Baghdad, he arrived this morning to urge the country to bridge sectarian rifts and form a new government. What do you think the outcome of Kerry’s visit to Iraq will be? Give us #YourSay, Will you choose left side or right side? Pedestrians ride an escalator to cross an overpass outside a mall in Beijing on June 23, 2014. China's manufacturing activity expanded in June for the first time this year as the effects of Beijing's mini-stimulus on the world's second-largest economy gradually kick in, HSBC said on June 23., Akihiro Suzuki, a member of the Tokyo metropolitan assembly, bows to Ayaka Shiomura, a fellow assembly member, to apologize for his sexist jeer during a recent event, at Tokyo city hall on June 23, 2014. Suzuki, a member of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's ruling party, admitted on June 23 he had been responsible for a sexist taunt shouted at the young assemblywoman in a debate on motherhood. The episode, which took place on June 17, has undermined Abe's repeated appeals for Japan to boost the role of its under-employed women and encourage them into more senior positions. Suzuki had previously repeatedly denied shouting the taunt., CCTV America  #WorldCup special: #Mexico vs. #Croatia: an economic perspective, South #China Karst extension listed as World Heritage Site
, null, U.S. justified #drone killings by citing al-Qaida law, #Ukraine: Separatist leaders agree to cease-fire, null, #AcrossChina: Teenage girl in Sichuan province finds love for football, Locals visit the lavender fields on June 22, 2014 in Yining County under Kazak Autonomous Prefecture of Ili, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. Photo courtesy of Xinhua's Wang Song., null, England squad gets ready for last game in World Cup 2014, Regional conflicts discussed in African Union summit, England squad gets ready for last game in World Cup 2014, Veterans in Moscow share memories of World War II, John Kerry voices strong support for Egyptian President Sisi, null, USA ties with Portugal with 2:2 and keeps 2nd in Group G., U.S. midfielder Jermaine Jones celebrates with teammates after scoring during a Group G football match between USA and Portugal at the Amazonia Arena in Manaus during the 2014 FIFA World Cup on June 22, 2014., USA now ties with Portugal 1:1!  #Portugal's forward #Cristiano #Ronaldo vies with US midfielder Jermaine Jones and U.S. midfielder Alejandro Bedoya during a Group G football match between USA and Portugal at the Amazonia Arena in Manaus during the 2014 FIFA World Cup on June 22, 2014., #WorldCup Passionate #Belgium fan kissed CCTV reporter after the team advanced. See the whole video here. http://www.cctv-america.com/2014/06/22/belgium-red-devils-advances-to-world-cup-knockout-stage, Herbie Hancock: Jazz as a Metaphor for Life, Yin Yu Tang: A Chinese Historic Relic Finds a New Purpose, CCTV America #WorldCup sepcial: USA vs. Portugal., Infographic: Competition Facts of #USA and #Portugal CCTV America #WorldCup, China and Greece have signed business deals worth about $5bn  during Chinese Premier Li Keqiang's visit. Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras (C) and his Chinese counterpart Li Keqiang (3rdR) meet with Greek workers within the inauguration of a train line for containers at the port of Piraeus, outside Athens, where China Ocean Shipping Group Cosco controls two of the three container terminals, on June 20, 2014., Indian muslims shout anti-terrorism slogans and demand and end to the fighting in Iraq during a demonstration in New Delhi on June 21, 2014. India announced it would stop granting its nationals permission to travel to Iraq for work on as it stepped up efforts to secure the release of 39 Indians abducted by gunmen., An Egyptian man shows children as he reacts outside a courtroom on June 21, 2014 in Egypt's southern province of Minya after the court confirmed death sentences for 183 Islamists, including Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohamed Badie . The court had initially sentenced 683 people to death, but it commuted death sentences of four to life in prison, including two women, and acquitted 496 other defendants, prosecutor Abdel Rahim Abdel Malik told us., Relatives of one of the five dead soldiers that arrived the Villamor Airbase in Manila cry in front of the flag draped coffin on June 21, 2014. Ten Muslim extremists and seven soldiers were killed in one of the bloodiest clashes in the southern Philippines in recent months, the military said., Israeli activists protest in the Mediterranean coastal city of Tel Aviv on June 21, 2014, against the ongoing search operation for three Israeli teenagers in the West Bank. Israeli security forces have arrested 10 more Palestinians in the West Bank, bringing the total to 330, as they press their search for three teenagers believed to have been kidnapped, the army said Saturday., U.S. President Barack Obama makes a statement on Iraq from the press briefing room at the White House in Washington, DC, June 19, 2014. Obama said Washington was prepared to send up to 300 military advisors to study how to train and equip Iraqi forces and had already increased its surveillance and intelligence capabilities in the country., A picture taken on June 21, 2014 shows lava flowing out of the Piton de la Fournaise volcano, one of the world's most active volcanoes, located on the French island of La Reunion in the Indian Ocean. The Piton de la Fournaise started to erupt early on June 21., Infographic: Competition Facts of #Argentina and #Iran CCTV America #WorldCup, Youth sports participation weakens in U.S., American Airlines cuts flights to Venezuela, Infographic: Competition Facts of #Honduras and #Ecuador CCTV America #WorldCup, Though England is eliminated, a boy poses for a photo in front of a large figure of England football player Wayne #Rooney at the entrance of a mall in Beijing on June 20, 2014., Chinese Prime Minister Li Keqiang and Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras review a guard of honour during a welcome ceremony for Li at Athens' Eleftherios Venizelos international airport on June 19, 2014. Li is in Greece on a three day official visit during which both sides are expected to sign bilateral agreements., Policemen carry away protesters during a demonstration of artists and entertainment workers, known as "intermittents du spectacle", near the Regional Directorate of Cultural Affairs (DRAC) on June 20, 2014 in Lille, northern France, to protest against the government's plans to reform their status., Pakistani children arrive by truck with some belongings in the neighborhood of Bannu, after fleeing North Waziristan tribal region in northwestern Pakistan on June 20, 2014 following a Pakistani army offensive against militants. Pakistani helicopter gunships pounded militant targets in the country's northwest on June 20, killing up to 20 rebels, as the number of civilians fleeing an expected ground offensive passed 200,000. Nearly 150,000 people have left North Waziristan tribal area on the Afghan border this week after the military launched a long-awaited assault against Taliban hideouts., People try to move a car in a flooded street of the city of Dobrich, north-east Bulgaria, on June 20, 2014. Flash floods in Bulgaria have killed at least 12 people including two children, with others missing after torrential rains lashed the east of the country, authorities said today., FIFA World Cup host #Brazil to help #China develop football, President Barack Obama recently told Mexican President Peña Nieto that the U.S. would not allow children illegally crossing the U.S.-Mexico border to stay in the U.S.. Should children sneaking into the U.S. be considered refugees or criminals? Give us #YourSay., This week on CCTV America's Full Frame, Mike Walter interviews Herbie Hancock and other cultural ambassadors who are promoting peace and bridging divides. Tune in Saturday, June 21 @8pm EDT!, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko orders his forces to cease fire and halt military operations for seven days against pro-Russia separatists in the country's east — the first step in what he hopes is a concrete plan to end the conflict that has cost more than 350 lives. Poroshenko said troops would still return fire if attacked. He spoke during his first trip as president to the troubled east #Ukraine., null, A car bomb exploded on Friday in a government-held village in central #Syria, killing at least 35 civilians and wounding more than 50, the state-run news agency said. The explosion went off in al-Horrah village in the countryside.The car was loaded with about three tons of explosives.The Islamic Front, an umbrella for several rebel groups in Syria, claimed responsibility for the attack in a video posted online., null, null, null, Samsung unveils high-end Galaxy Tab S to challenge iPad, BlackBerry posts surprise small profit, Iraq asks United States for air support to counter rebels, Check this CCTV America's #WorldCup special "player profile"-Brasilia. Today's game between #Colombia and #Côte d'Ivoire was here.
The city's host venue is one of the largest of the tournament with nearly 70-thousand seats. 
It's the political hub of Brazil with some 2.5 million people, and it was  named a UNESCO World Heritage site, which is the only city constructed in the 20th century to have that honor., Check out who is visiting Hong Kong? A 20 foot-tall Optimus Prime is surrounded by journalists before the world premiere of Hollywood movie #Transformers 4 in Hong Kong on June 19, 2014. Hollywood director Michael Bay's latest film, Transformers: Age of Extinction, was partly filmed in Hong Kong., US Special Envoy and Coordinator for International Energy Affairs Carlos Pascual attends a joint press conference with the US deputy assistant secretary of Central and South Europe in the US Embassy of Budapest on June 18, 2014, about the gas situation of Ukraine.

On Thursday, Russia promised the full volume of gas supplies to Europe, but warned of potential transit disruption through Ukraine after Moscow halted gas flow to the country when the latter failed to pay its multi-billion U.S. dollar gas debt., Chinese Premier Li Keqiang arrived in #Athens on Thursday for an official visit, his first trip to Greece since taking office in 2013. Li will conclude his visit on Saturday.

During the visit, both countries are expected to sign more than 20 cooperation agreements and business contracts on trade, investment, finance, shipping, technology, culture and quality inspection, according to Chinese Ambassador to Greece Zou Xiaoli.

Li's visit will further consolidate bilateral traditional friendship, deepen political trust and expand win-win cooperation in diversified fields, said Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Wang Chao, A US soldier investigates the scene of a suicide attack at the Afghan-Pakistan border crossing in Torkham, Nangarhar province on June 19, 2014. Three Taliban suicide attackers set ablaze 37 NATO military vehicles in Afghanistan on June 19, local officials said, though the coalition confirmed only that several vehicles were damaged., Infographic: Competition Facts of #England and #Uruguay CCTV America #WorldCup, Foreign Ministers Eda Rivas of Peru, Maria Angela Holguin of Colombia, Antonio Meade of Mexico and Heraldo Benjamin Munoz of Chile pose after signing an agreement on the first day of the IX Summit of the Pacific Alliance, in Punta Mita, Nayarit, Mexico, on June 19, 2014., More unrest in #Brazil. Demonstrators take part in a Free Pass Movement protest in Sao Paulo, Brazil, on June 19, 2014, remembering the first anniversary of the rise in public bus and subway fare from 3 to 3.20 reais (1.50 USD), demonstrations occurred in June 2013., U.S. President Obama has spoken at the White House about the crisis in #Iraq. The United States has decided to send 300 military advisers to the country. What do you think could be the impact of America's involvement in Iraq? Give us #YourSay., Catch CCTV America's latest episode of The Heat. The topic is global education. Guests include Hollywood film director M. Night Shyamalan and former Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard. WATCH HERE: http://bit.ly/1rcxTdn, 'Life of Pi' moment for terrified Chinese fisherman as tiger tries to climb on boat, Barack Obama has spoken at the White House about the crisis in #Iraq. READ MORE: http://bit.ly/1nlcAm3, Barack Obama speaking about #Iraq at White House. WATCH LIVE: http://bit.ly/1iLvnpk, #Iraq's military fights for control of the country's largest oil refinery as the #US weighs options. READ MORE: bit.ly/1lEVaU9, null, Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko says he'll announce a uni-lateral ceasefire for Ukrainian forces in the east., New search zone to be decided for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, null, China to foster "inclusive development" with Britain, null, Iran and 6 world powers have begun the process of drafting an agreement over Tehran's nuclear capacity., null, Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko says he'll announce a uni-lateral ceasefire for Ukrainian forces in the east., The longest running research project tracking Cuban Americans' attitudes towards politics and social issues has been published. It shows the anti-Cuba stance of the exile community seems to be a thing of the past., Biden visits Colombia as part of regional tour, null, Holland's crushing of Spain sees them top of the pile, closely follwed by Germnany, while Australia and Greece bring up the rear in our ranking fo the teams so far. What do you think about the World Cup so far? Give us #YourSay, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang applauds as he attends an event to give the keynote address at Mansion House in central London on June 18, 2014. Britain and China signed trade deals on on June 17 worth more than 14 billion GBP (28 billion USD, 17 billion euros), during a visit to London by Premier Li Keqiang aimed at resetting economic and diplomatic ties., #Amazon announces #FirePhone, the company’s first smartphone., In this image taken from video uploaded to a pro-militant social media account, smoke rises after an attack by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants on the country’s largest oil refinery in Beiji, 250 kilometers  north of Baghdad, #Iraq. Security forces battled insurgents targeting the country’s main oil refinery and said they regained partial control of a city near the Syrian border., U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama speaks during a naturalization ceremony at the National Archives June 18, 2014 in Washington, DC. Michelle Obama attended the event where 50 new citizens were sworn in., Infographic: Competition Facts of #Australia and #Netherlands @CCTV_America #WorldCup. Choose and tell your side!, Santa Clara, California-based, Innospring helps provide startups with capital, office space and mentoring, typically in exchange for an equity stake. It's one of Silicon Valley's first U.S. China startup accelerator programs. And to tell us about some new changes happening at the one-of-a-kind program, Mark Niu reports from Silicon Valley., As the situation in Iraq worsens, China is showing increasing consternation.
The China National Petroleum Corporation has already pulled some of its workers from the country, and the company spokespersons say they'll be monitoring the security situation in the oilfields.
The CNPC has invested over 4 billion dollars in Iraq's oil industry., CCTV America #WorldCup sepcial:
Brazil and Mexico may have proven football equals on the pitch -- at least, if you go by Tuesday's final score alone. 
But when it comes to their economies, one is clearly the more dominant force in the region., #WorldCup Update: #Russia and #KoreaRepublic draw 1-1 after goalie errors, null, null, Like and Comment if you agree with her. Danielle Vabner holds a image of her little brother Noah Pozner, who was shot and killed in the #Newtown Connecticut #massacre, during a news conference on gun safety, on June 17, 2014 in Washington, DC. Family members of gun violence victims announced the "'Not One More' campaign urging Americans to call on Congress to pass better #gun #safety laws., Marine One, carrying U.S. President Barack Obama, lands on the South Street heliport on lower Manhattan in New York on June 17, 2014., Infographic: Competition Facts of #Russia and #SouthKorea @CCTV_America #WorldCup, Check this CCTV America's  #WorldCup special "player profile"-Cuiaba. The game between #RUA and #KOR is here.
The city is "Southern gate to the Amazon", and notable for its cuisine, dance and crafts., #WorldCup #BrasilvsMexico  Neymar Jr. battles with Paúl Águilar.
What do you think of this 0-0 match?, Take a look at the granite rock formations at Lion Peak in the Huangshan (Yellow Mountains) park in Anhui Province. The #UNESCO World Heritage Site is one of #China's major tourist destinations and has been a source of inspiration to Chinese painters, writers and poets for thousands of years., A visitor writes on a placard carrying messages for the passengers of missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 during the 4th International Search and Rescue Conference and Exhibition (ISAR) in Kuala Lumpur on June 17, 2014. Malaysia's government pledged on June 16 it "will not rest" until missing flight MH370 is found but relatives said on the 100th day since the plane's disappearance that they wanted answers, not more promises., Dozens of hardline Iranian students stormed the British Embassy in Tehran on Tuesday. Britain's Foreign Secretary Hague said "circumstances are right" to reopen Britain's closed embassy in Iran. What do you think about the UK re-opening its embassy in Iran?, null, The Olympics are big. But they don't stack up to the #WorldCup, at least in terms of social buzz.

The 2014 World Cup will be the most social sporting event ever, according to projections from the Adobe Digital Index.

The month-long soccer championship is already is outpacing the Sochi Olympics and 2014 Super Bowl. The most famous athletes, such as Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo, are getting millions of mentions each.

Infographic Source: Adobe Digital Index., A Sri Lankan resident surveys the damage to a charred Muslim-owned home following clashes between Muslims and an extremist Buddhist group in the town of Alutgama on June 17, 2014. More deadly violence flared in a Sri Lankan coastal resort where Buddhist hardliners set shops and homes alight for a second night running in defiance of a curfew, police and residents. Amid mounting international concern over the unrest, residents of a town which has borne the brunt said a security guard was killed in an attack outside a Muslim-owned farm, raising the overall toll to four., Watching #WorldCup's game between #BRA and #MEX now. We are updating with you., Today's #WorldCup Score Board: #BEL 2:1 win over #ALG, British Prime Minister David Cameron and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang  leave number 10 Downing Street after a meeting in London on June 17, 2014. Li met Cameron for talks at his Downing Street office, aimed at boosting economic links and warming ties that were frozen over Tibet, on the first full day of an official three-day visit., Did you catch @STHGibbs inside story behind a notorious attempted armed robbery in São Paulo? WATCH HERE: bit.ly/1i8c7HU, A protestor covered with red paint is looking on while another protestor puts a fake gun in her mouth reading : "No, No to the agreement" as they take part in a demonstration called by French artists and entertainment workers, known as "intermittents du spectacle", on June 16, 2014 in Paris, in protest against the French government's plan to reform their status., World Health Organization (WHO) warns of #MERS virus threat to pilgrims, but surge abating: , Britain's Queen Elizabeth II and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang at Windsor Castle, in Windsor, west of London, on June 17, 2014 on the first full day of a three-day visit to Britain., null, Colombian entrepreneurs profit on World Cup fever, China brings its business muscle to the U.K., World Cup fever booms business in Ghana, FIFA World Cup Makes Social Media Bloom, World Cup 2014: Economic Impact on Brazil, More U.S. troops to Iraq; special forces considered, New law in #Mexico says soldiers can face civilian courts: , Iraqi volunteers wearing their new uniforms cheer as they gather at a center following a speech by #Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki who announced that the Iraqi government would arm and equip civilians who volunteer to fight against jihadists militants, on June 16, 2014, in the central Shiite Muslim Shrine city of Karbala. Since June 10, militants led by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) jihadist group have taken control of vast swathes of territory of north and north-central Iraq., Ghana's forward Jordan Ayew vies with U.S. defender Matt Besler during a Group G football match between Ghana and U.S. at the Dunas Arena in Natal during the 2014 FIFA World Cup on June 16, 2014., Three in Tian'anmen terror attack sentenced to death, Would you like to see it? Chinese performance group LightningFan shows group members perform with a football as they create lightning with a Tesla Coil in Changle, in eastern China's Fujian province. The Tesla Coil invented by Nikola Tesla in 1891 is a transformer that produces vast amounts of voltage at high frequencies that creates long bolts of electricity like lightening., Security camera footage of a white vehicle plowing into people along the pavement in an attack on October 28, 2013 in Beijing's Tiananmen Square that killed two tourists and wounded 40 others. Three were sentenced to death on Monday and five others were jailed over a terror attack near Beijing's Tian'anmen Square in October 2013 by a court in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.
In the first-instance verdict, the Urumqi Intermediate People's Court sentenced Husanjan Wuxur, Yusup Umarniyaz and Yusup Ahmat to death after convicting them of organizing and leading a terrorist group and endangering public security with dangerous methods.
Gulnar Tuhtiniyaz and Bujanat Abdukadir were sentenced to life in jail and 20 years in prison respectively for the crimes of participating in a terrorist group and endangering public security with dangerous methods.
Three others, Tohti Mehmat, Tursunjan Abliz and Abla Niyaz, would be jailed for ten to five years for participating in a terrorist group, said the court., The U.S. is open to talking with #Iran over deteriorating security conditions in #Iraq, Secretary of State John Kerry said Monday. However, the Pentagon has stressed that the U.S. would not coordinate or consult with Iran on any potential military intervention.  How might the U.S. work with Iran to stabilize Iraq? Give us #YourSay for tonight’s show!, null, Up to date results from every match, click for the latest ranking., null, Secretary of State #JohnKerry talks possible drone strikes and U.S.-Iran cooperation in Iraq., Watch out for CCTV America's the Heat and our interview with former Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard, coming your way this Wednesday at 9:30 pm., Watch our interview with football legend Pelé on the latest #AmericasNow., Infographic: Competition Facts of #Germany and #Portugal. CCTV America #WorldCup, null, null, null, null, Today marks 100 days that #Malaysia flight #MH370 went missing. Family members of the passengers and crew find different ways of coping., CCTV-America is live-streaming online now! Be sure to tune-in!, The al-Qaida-inspired Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) taking aim at captured Iraqi soldiers wearing plain clothes after taking over a base in Tikrit, #Iraq. The Islamic militant group that seized much of northern Iraq has posted photos that appear to show its fighters shooting dead dozens of captured Iraqi soldiers in a province north of the capital Baghdad., The American Embassy in #Baghdad plans to evacuate a substantial number of its personnel this week in the face of a militant advance that rapidly swept from the north toward the capital, the State Department announced on Sunday.Many staff members who are leaving will be flown to Amman, Jordan, where they will continue their work at the embassy there., Infographic: Competition Facts of #Argentina and #Bosnia & Herzegovina . CCTV America #Worldcup presents. Which side do you choose?, The threats from Russia to cut off Ukraine's gas supply continue., Check out our most recent #FullFrame to see how San Francisco's 826 National is taking on an imaginative approach to literacy., #Egypt's president rides a bike to promote alternative transportation and tackle rising energy costs., Did you catch CCTV America's exclusive interview with Stan Lee? If you missed it, WATCH HERE: http://bit.ly/UAwBhV, Pro-Russian militants look through the debris of an IL-76 Ukrainian military transporter which was taken down by pro-Russian rebels early on June 14, on the outskirts of Lugansk June 14, 2014. Ukraine's new Western-backed President Petro Poroshenko vowed Saturday to deliver an "adequate response" to pro-Russian rebels who downed a military transport plane, killing 49 troops., Stan Lee joins CCTV America's Mike Walter at 8pm ET on #FullFrame to talk #superheroes and literary innovation!, Children practice Peking opera at a kindergarten in Liaocheng city, east China's Shandong province., Infographic: Competition Facts of #England and #Italy. CCTV America #Worldcup special presents, null, Brazilian fans gather in the surroundings of the FIFA Fan Fest in #Copacabana Beach in Rio de Janeiro. Brazil's ambivalence towards the FIFA World Cup has been on full display: the sea of green and yellow in some areas contrasting with the billowing smoke from burning garbage and clouds of tear gas, as military police and protesters clash in the nation's financial hub., Marjorie Jones on what it takes to be an effective golf teacher, Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl returns to U.S., Iraqi Shiite cleric issues call to arms against Sunni militants http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=4588, China's city dwellers rent farmland to grow food, Chile's midfielder Charles Aranguiz vies with Chile's goalkeeper Claudio Bravo during a Group B football match between Chile and Australia at the Pantanal Arena in Cuiaba during the 2014 FIFA World Cup on June 13, 2014., U.S. Army says Bergdahl "looked good" when arrived in US, in uniform and maintained good comportment. Supporters of freed prisoner of war U.S. Army soldier Bowe Bergdahl including representatives of the ANSWER Coalition, CODEPINK and March Forward, rally in front of the White House in Washington, DC, June 10, 2014, to welcome Bergdahl home after 5-years of being held by the Taliban in Afghanistan., Facebook will start sharing your app and Web browsing history it collects with advertisers to display more targeted ads. This includes all those non-Facebook sites you visit. Do you worry about this? There is a way to opt out., Chinese football fans watch the opening match of the World Cup 2014 projected live on a screen in a Beijing park on June 13, 2014., Give us your thoughts on this week’s top stories. Share your opinion on the ongoing violence in #Iraq, or your predictions for the #WorldCup. Give us #Yoursay, A tank sits on top of a cab to promote World of Tanks game outside of the Los Angeles Convention Center at the E3 Electronic Entertainment Expo, June 9, 2014 in Los Angeles, California. The annual video game conference and show runs June 10-12., UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon dances with Guarani indigenous women during a visit to Santa Rita community, in Concepcion municipality, Bolivia on June 13, 2014, ahead of the G77 + China summit., null, null, Infographic: Competition Facts of #Spain and #Netherlands. CCTV America  #WorldCup special presents, null, null, In this still image posted on a militant Twitter account on Wednesday, which has been authenticated, militants parade down a main road in Mosul, #Iraq. Iraqi officials say al-Qaida-inspired militants who this week seized much of the country's Sunni heartland have pushed into an ethnically mixed province northeast of Baghdad, capturing two towns there., #Thailand's military government has fully lifted a curfew it imposed nationwide after seizing power last month, saying there is no threat of violence. The measure, effective immediately, was announced Friday night over all domestic television stations. Political protests and criticism of the coup, however, remain banned by the junta., Can you believe they are the most valuable teams? CCTV America #worldcup special, Kent Moors on Iraq's impact on oil price, Children in Brazil see football as path to future, The Dark Web, criminal activity thriving in deepest corners of the internet, Belgium unites behind its football stars, Uruguay fans face high costs to attend tournament, UNSC deplores terror attacks in Iraq, CCTV America's #worldcup special: "player profile"
Sao Paulo 
It is the largest city in Brazil with 20 million people; 
Primary Strengths: Business and finance with the main stock index, the Bovespa., #CCTV #Worldcup After Marcelo's own goal in the 11th minute, Neymar scored in each half and Oscar scored in the 91st minute to give Brazil 3-1 win., Infographic: Competition Facts of #Brazil and #Croatia #WorldCup, Iraqi soldiers are talking as Jihadists seized all of Mosul and Nineveh province, long a militant stronghold and one of the most dangerous areas in the country. Should the U.S. use force in Iraq again? #yoursay, null, Infographic: The 2014  #Worldcup kick-off game will begin in 10 mins at the Sao Paulo stadium. Check the info here. via Portal da Copa, Infographic: adidas says new FIFA World Cup #Brazuca ball has improved touch and accuracy.
Check out CCTV America's coverage of the 2014 World Cup here: http://bit.ly/1ucwYt8, Check out CCTV America's coverage of the 2014 FIFA World Cup here: http://bit.ly/1ucwYt8, #China's consumer price index (CPI) jumped to a 4-month high in May:, Brazilian security forces are preparing for the kick-off of the World Cup in Sao Paulo., null, Collaboration between movies and video games, null, Alibaba's First US Presence 11 Main Debuts, null, Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel defends Bergdahl prisoner swap before Congress, Egypt's al-Sissi apologizes to victim of sexual assault, null, null, null, World Cup soccer tournament starts Thursday in #Brazil. What are your predictions for the World Cup? Share your opinion with us. Give us #Yoursay, null, Controversial remarks in response to recent brutal crimes against women in #India. The Interior Minister of Madhya Pradesh, Babulal Gaur described rape as a social crime, saying "sometimes it's right, sometimes it's wrong." 
The Heat wants to hear from you. Can rape ever be considered to be ‘right’ ?  Comment here and we may use your response on Thursday night’s broadcast. 
Watch “The Heat” 9pm est. on CCTV America or at http://www.cctvamericalive.com/ on mobile or computer., Infographic: Social & economic impact of 2014 #worldcup, CCTV America's #worldcup special: "player profile"
Fortaleza
Brazil's fifth-largest city, which is driven by commerce and tourism; 
Many flock there for its long, sandy beaches; 
Fortaleza is also famous for its night-life;
The local 'Forro' music can be heard spilling out of its bars well into the night., A street vendor sells wooden whistles at Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil., Britain's Prince Harry greets the goat Shenkin, Reigmental Mascot of the 3rd Battalion The Royal Welsh, as he arrives to attend the 50th anniversary premiere screening of the film Zulu in London on June 10, 2014. Zulu dramatises the events at Rorke's Drift between the British Army and the Zulu Battalions in January 1879., CCTV America's #2014WorldCup speical: Player Profile
Curitiba: 
Its venue holds more than 41,000 people;
Curitiba is the 8th-largest city in Brazil with about 1.75 million people; 
Its economy is anchored by infrastructure and auto production;
It is also seen as an example of good sustainable planning., Athletes increasingly influenced by cartoons, Brazil scrambles to be ready for soccer's FIFA World Cup, Ethanol sales up on Brazil flex-fuel demand, The Global Summit to End Sexual Violence kicked of Tuesday with celebrity guest Angelina Jolie, Special Envoy for the #UN High Commissioner for Refugees., null, EU Nations Broaden GDP to Include Underground Economy, null, Insurgents seize Iraqi city of Mosul as troops flee, The Air China inaugal nonstop flight from Beijing to Washington, Dulles (IAD) International Airport taxis after landing June 10, 2014, in Sterling, Virginia, just outside of Washington, DC., Papier-mache pandas created by French artist Paulo Grangeon are displayed on the steps of the Tian Tan Buddha statue on Lantau Island in Hong Kong on June 10, 2014. The event, consisting of placing 1,600 papier-mache pandas in various cities around the world in collaboration with the WWF is aimed at raising awareness of the endangered species., CCTV America's #worldcup special in the week ahead:, The recent bombings in Iraq show the state of growing violence in the country. What can be done about violence in #Iraq? Give us #YourSay., Torrential rain hit Beijing hard Tuesday afternoon. Pictured below is a photographer running down the steps of the National Center for the Performing Arts (NCPA) in the capital city., CCTV America's #worldcup speical: "player profile"
Brazil: 
Latin America's largest economy 
GDP ranks 7th in the world
Biggest producer and exporter of coffee in the world
World's second-largest buyer of private jets, A participant wearing a Shrek mask lies in mud during the so-called 'dirty pig' feast at the fairground at Hergisdorf., UNITED KINGDOM, London: Summit co-hosts Britain's Foreign Secretary William Hague and US actress and UN special envoy Angelina Jolie visit exhibitors during the first day of the Global Summit to End Sexual Violence in Conflict in east London on June 10, 2014. The summit is the fruit of a two-year campaign by Jolie and Hague, who have visited the Democratic Republic of Congo and Bosnia to meet victims of rape during conflict., People walk with the Hungarian and the EU flag on the oldest Hungarian bridge, the 'Lanchid' (Chain Bridge) of Budapest, Hungary as they demonstrate for press freedom in Hungary., A diver wearing a South Korean football supporter uniform kicks a ball in an aquarium of sardines in Seoul. South Korea will face Russia, Algeria and Belgium in Group H in their eighth straight World Cup in Brazil., CCTV America looks at how Facebook , Twitter and social media are bracing for FIFA World Cup fever:
, Papier-mache pandas created by French artist Paulo Grangeon are displayed on the steps of the Tian Tan Buddha statue on Lantau Island in Hong Kong on June 10, 2014. The event, consisting of placing 1,600 papier-mache pandas in various cities around the world in collaboration with the WWF is aimed at raising awareness of the endangered species., #China's navy will, for the first time, take part in the Rim of the Pacific naval exercises: , Follow the stories on FIFA World Cup with CCTV America. We will bring you all the latest news!, Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department officers hug near a Wal-Mart on June 8, 2014 in Las Vegas, Nevada. Two officers were shot and killed by two assailants at a pizza restaurant near the Wal-mart. The two suspects then reportedly went into the Wal-Mart where they killed a third person before killing themselves., Here is the plaque at shrine in Tuam, County Galway on June 9, 2014, erected in memory of up to 800 children who were allegedly buried at the site of the former home for unmarried mothers run by nuns. Up to 800 babies and children were buried in a mass grave in Ireland near a home for unmarried mothers run by nuns, new research showed, throwing more light on the Irish Catholic Church's troubled past. Death records suggest 796 children, from newborns to eight-year-olds, were deposited in a grave near a Catholic-run home for unmarried mothers during the 35 years it operated from 1925 to 1961., Su-Wei Hsieh and Shuai Peng play against Italy's Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci during the French tennis Open women's double final match at the Roland Garros stadium in Paris on June 8, 2014., Striking subway workers and members of the MTST (Homeless Workers' Movement), protest on June 9, 2014 in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Metro's workers demand 12.2 percent salary raise. How will the strike by Brazilian subway workers impact the World Cup? Give us #Yoursay!, Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang inspect Chinese honor guards during a welcome ceremony outside the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on June 9,2014. Sheikh Hasina is on a visit to China from June 6 to 11., Smoke rises after militants launched an early morning assault at Jinnah International Airport in Karachi on June 9, 2014. Pakistan's security forces said on June 9 they have relaunched a military operation at Karachi airport as gunfire resumed several hours after they announced the end of a militant siege that left 24 dead., French artist Paulo Grangeon poses with some of his 1,600 papier-mache pandas at Hong Kong's international airport on June 9, 2014 as part of their first appearance in the city. The event, consisting of placing 1,600 papier-mache pandas in various cities around the world, was created by the French artist in collaboration with the WWF and is aimed at raising awareness of the endangered species., 505 pregnant women beat the Guinness World Record for pregnant women doing yoga. The women did the exercise in Changsha city, capital of Central China's Hunan. Only women 12 weeks or over, and in good health, were allowed to participate., Interim leader Mansour and #Egypt's newly-elected president al-Sisi signed a handover document in front of more than 100 delegations., Riot police fired tear gas at about 100 striking subway workers on Monday in Sao Paulo. If the strikes continue, traffic congestion in the city could stop fans from making it to the FIFA World Cup., AMREF Flying Doctors: Service carries out hundreds of evacuations in the most remote parts of #Africa
, Twin bombing near Kurdish party office in north #Iraq kills 30:, null, null, Uruguayans have a proud World Cup legacy, Haitians adopt Brazilian soccer team as their own, null, null, “The Jewel” of French soccer, Franck Ribery, null, Be sure to check out the latest episode of #FullFrame and see what boxing legend SUGAR RAY LEONARD is doing to fight diabetes., A woman, center right, hugs her son as they leave a high school after a Chinese literature exam, the first of four exams of the two-day college entrance exam (Gao Kao), in Beijing Saturday, June 7, 2014. More than nine million students will compete in this year's national college entrance exam across China for less than seven million college seats. (AP Photo), The #UkrainianCrisis: take a look at the events leading up to the current state of the country as well as the presidential inauguration., FIFA World Cup 2014: #Pakistan is leading ball producer
, Mexico City residents battle police over water, Some of the biggest companies in the U.S. are embracing a renewed commitment to crack down on cyber attacks and security breaches. bit.ly/1rSlMpK, #Peru's 'Place of Memory': A museum that honors those who died during two decades of violence, NBA launches initiatives for its global audience, including social media sites in #China, such as Sina Weibo, the country's popular micro blog service.
, A man checks his phone at a stall promoting property investments in the Cayman Islands, at a shopping mall in Beijing on June 6, 2014. Many companies are offering offshore investments to China's new rich., Would it be the world's oldest trousers? Scientists examine a pair of 3,300-year-old trousers found in China's far western #Xinjiang region. Archaeologists in May found animal-fur menswear on the bodies of two mummies, identified as male shamans in their 40s., Colored smoke fills the sky as WWII veterans stand to attention flanked by children during an international D-Day commemoration ceremony on the beach of Ouistreham, #Normandy, on June 6, 2014, marking the 70th anniversary of the World War II Allied landings in Normandy., A helicopter drops rose petals over the Statue of Liberty during the Commemorating 70th Anniversary of D-Day on June 06, 2014 in New York City. Three helicopters have showered 1 million rose petals on the Statue during a event organized by the organization "The French Will Never Forget" to mark the 70th anniversary of World War II D-Day landings., In Brazil, preparations for the FIFA World Cup  have run into several obstacles. Late last year, two workers died after a crane collapsed while hoisting a huge roofing structure, causing significant construction delays at one venue. In March, another worker died while installing temporary seats, causing another delay. Is #Brazil ready for the World Cup next week? Give us #YourSay!, null, null, null, null, null, null, U.S. President Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin spoke Friday on the sidelines of a lunch for world leaders attending D-Day commemoration ceremonies, marking their first face-to-face conversation since the crisis in #Ukraine erupted.The conversation was informal and lasted 10-15 minutes inside a chateau where the leaders ate lunch. They exchanged views about the situation in Ukraine and the crisis in the east., Afghan security personnel at the site of a suicide attack that struck the convoy of presidential candidate Abdullah Abdullah in Kabul, #Afghanistan, Friday. The Afghan Interior Ministry says a suicide bomber and a roadside bomb struck the convoy as it left a campaign event at a wedding hall in the capital Kabul, killing several civilians but leaving the candidate himself unharmed., Infograhic: China-Arab States Cooperation Forum Outcomes.
Chinese President Xi Jinping said China and Arab states cooperation can be summarized as " 1+2+3": Energy cooperation as the one main body; infrastructure building and trade and investment facilitation as two wings; and three new and hi-tech areas, namely nuclear energy, space satellite and new energy as new breakthroughs., D-Day ceremonies on June 6 this year mark the 70th anniversary of the launch of 'Operation Overlord', a vast military operation by Allied forces in Normandy, which turned the tide of World War II, eventually leading to the liberation of occupied France and the end of the war against Nazi Germany. Check out this photo gallery we create to remember D-Day and those veterans. , null, British World War II veteran Frederick Glover watches the soldiers parachuting down during a D-Day commemoration paratroopers launch event in Ranville, northern France, on June 5, 2014, on the eve of the 70th anniversary of the World War II Allied landings in Normandy. D-Day ceremonies on June 6 this year mark the 70th anniversary of the launch of 'Operation Overlord', a vast military operation by Allied forces in Normandy, which turned the tide of World War II, eventually leading to the liberation of occupied France and the end of the war against Nazi Germany., Landmark China-Arab Ministerial Meeting to Reap Harvest, Do you know when China invented its kind of football? A traditional Chinese #Cuju football player shoots for goal at the Linzi Football Museum in Zibo, Shandong Province. Cuju is an ancient Chinese ball game. It is a competitive game that involves kicking a ball through an opening into a net. The use of hands is not allowed. It is seen by FIFA as the earliest form of football for which there is evidence, being first mentioned as an exercise in a military work from 3rd-2nd century BC., As we observe the World Environment Day, we would like to know what do you think is the most pressing environmental problem? Give us #Yoursay, Chinese President Xi Jinping delivers a keynote speech on the relations and cooperation between China and Arab states. 
He said China and Arab states cooperation can be summarized as " 1+2+3": Energy cooperation as the one main body; infrastructure building and trade and investment facilitation as two wings; and three new and hi-tech areas, namely nuclear energy, space satellite and new energy as new breakthroughs., Chinese largest e-commerce company Alibaba.com has become part owner of the country's top soccer club Guangzhou Evergrande on Thursday., #Canada manhunt underway after 3 police officers shot dead: , null, null, China’s largest producer of raw milk has been given a top international award. Tune into Biz Asia America tonight at 8 PM EST for the full story., Have you ever experienced anything similar? A sandstorm engulfed the northeastern neighborhood of Minicity in the Iranian capital Tehran. A massive sandstorm and record winds killed at least four people in Tehran, plunging the city into darkness, knocking out power supplies, damaging buildings and causing massive disruption., Britain's Queen Elizabeth II attends The Royal Marines 350th Anniversary Beating Retreat at Horseguards Parade in London on June 4, 2014., U.S. hometown cancels #Bergdahl's welcome home celebration, cites #security reasons., Will you visit #Chongqing to check this out? People walk past a copy of Mount Rushmore at a park in Chongqing. This knockoff version of the U.S. landmark Mount Rushmore National Memorial, comprised of sculptures of late U.S. presidents George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Theodore Roosevelt and Abraham Lincoln, who represent over 200 years of the history of the United States, in Shaping Park, Southwest China's Chongqing Municipality., A recent study revealed that the cost of cybercrime in 2013 escalated 78%, while the time necessary to resolve problems has increased by nearly 130 percent in four years. Meanwhile, the average cost to resolve a single attack totalled more than $1 million.  What’s your biggest concern about cyber security?  Share your thoughts using #YourSay, Watch the shorter video of the transfer of Army Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl here. We also have the longer 17 minute version released. , Three months after Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 vanished without a trace, search coordinators in Australia, Wednesday, released a request for tender to continue the as yet unsuccessful deep-water search in the Southern Ocean., Visitors view dishes made from stones at an expo in Hami prefecture, the Xinjiang Uygur autonomous region, on Monday., Egypt's Sisi officially declared president with 96.9% of votes, #Nigeria violence: Security stepped up in northern city of Jos, Russia and Ukraine hope for gas deal, Syria election: Assad win expected amid civil war, null, Egyptians celebrate in Cairo's landmark of Tahrir Square on June 3, 2014 after ex-army chief Abdel Fattah al-Sisi won 96.9% of the vote in Egypt's presidential election. Sisi urged his countrymen to work to restore stability and achieve "freedom" and "social justice", in a speech after he was declared winner of last week's election., Code War: The dangerous art of spying, Actress Angelina Jolie stands on the terrace of a hotel in Shanghai during a press event on June 3, 2014. Jolie said that she was thrilled her latest film "Maleficent," a modern retelling of the life of Sleeping Beauty's arch-nemesis, had debuted at the top of the box office., Actress Angelina Jolie attends a press conference in Shanghai on June 3, 2014. Jolie said that she was thrilled her latest film "Maleficent," a modern retelling of the life of Sleeping Beauty's arch-nemesis, had debuted at the top of the box office., A brand new, quick and easy way of making payments has been introduced to the campuses of Lund University in Sweden. Check out Biz Asia America tonight at 8 PM EST, as our Malcom Brabant reports on the full story!, China players celebrate after scoring a goal during the Field Hockey World Cup women's tournament match between China and England, in the Hague, the Netherlands, on June 3, 2014., #NATO defense ministers gathered Tuesday for the first time since the onset of the #Ukraine crisis, focusing on how to react long-term to Russia's new military capabilities. Meanwhile, U.S. President Barack Obama announced the country’s plans to increase its military presence in Europe. What do you make of the latest U.S. and Russian moves over Ukraine? Give us #YourSay!, U.S. President Barack Obama and Poland's President Bronislaw Komorowski gesture towards each other at a news conference at Belweder Palace in Warsaw, #Poland, Tuesday, June 3, 2014. Obama came to Poland to meet regional leaders and attend ceremonies marking 25 years of Poland's democracy., Kuwaiti Prime Minister Jaber Mubarak Hamad Sabah meets with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on June 3, 2014. Jaber Mubarak Hamad Sabah is on a visit to China from June 2 to 5., #US Joint Chiefs Chairman Dempsey: Army could pursue desertion investigation of #Bergdahl, Apple Senior Vice President of Software Engineering Craig Federighi speaks during the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference at the Moscone West center on June 2, 2014 in San Francisco, California. Tim Cook kicked off the annual WWDC which is typically a showcase for upcoming updates to Apple hardware and software. The conference runs through June 6., Indian mountaineer Poorna Malavath uses a radio during a climb in the Mount Everest region on the Tibetan side of the mountain in China. A 13-year-old poor Indian schoolgirl who is the youngest female to summit Mount Everest said she had never climbed a mountain before setting her sights on the world's highest peak. Malavath Poorna, the daughter of a tribal farm laborer, reached the top of the 8,848-meter (29,029-foot) peak on May 25 following a difficult and dangerous climb from the Tibetan side of the mountain., Competitors splash water at each other during the annual Dragon Boat Festival in Hong Kong on June 2, 2014. Dragon boat racing dates back over 2,000 years and has now developed into a serious sport on the calendar of many countries around the world., U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, the only American soldier held prisoner in Afghanistan has been freed. He was released by the Taliban in exchange for five terrorists held in Guantanamo. Questions are being raised on Obama administration's decision to carry out the operation without informing the U.S. Congress. What’s your take on prisoner swaps? Give us #Yoursay, The Israeli government criticised on Monday the newly formed Palestinian government and authorised PM Benjamin Netanyahu to impose financial sanctions on the unity government. #Israel says it will shun the new government because it is backed by Hamas, which is seen by the West as a terror group because it killed hundreds of Israelis in attacks over the years., A U.S. military hospital in Germany says Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is in "stable condition and receiving treatment for conditions requiring hospitalization" after arriving from #Afghanistan and five years of captivity.Taliban released him in exchange of five terrorists who spent more than a decade at the Guantanamo. The release sparked criticism over #Obama administration's decision to carry out the operation without informing the U.S. Congress., Full Frame walked the streets with photographer Brandon Stanton as he talked with and took portraits of the Humans of New York.  Watch at this link.   , People in various places of #China held dragon boat racing on Sunday to celebrate the traditional Dragon Boat Festival (also called Duanwu Festival), which falls on June 2 this year. The dragon boat competition has an over-1,000-year history. Every boat carried 20 members and the competitors are from all walks of life, including workers, farmers, and students., A man holds a sign that reads "Welcome to the Corruption" in front a BRT Transcarioca (Rapid Transit Bus) during it's inauguration in Rio de Janeiro, #Brazil, Sunday. The corridor is 39 kilometers long and will be highly important during the World Cup, since it will connect the International Airport to the subway, which takes the passengers to the Maracanã stadium., Spain's King Juan Carlos, who led Spain's transition from dictatorship to democracy but faced damaging scandals, announced Monday he will abdicate in favor of his son so that fresh royal blood can rally the nation in its time of trouble.The king told Spaniards in a nationwide address that he started making a plan to give up the throne after he turned 76 in January. He said that the 46-year-old Crown Prince Felipe is ready to be king., null, null, null, Pig farmers in the U.S. are battling two threats. A new virus has hit the pork industry. And farmers face anger from neighbors and environmentalist over runoff causing pollution. CCTV’s Mike Kirsch takes a closer look at how one farmer is handling these issues., null, null, null, CCTV's The Heat want to hear your idea: Who will be the winner of the runoff election in #Colombia, and what will he do with #FARC?, U.S. Army Sgt. #BoweBergdahl  Released By #Taliban ., It’s the second day of the Shangri-La Dialogue, where the United States raised tensions with China Saturday. In a speech he gave, the US Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel claimed China was a “destabilizing force” in the South China Sea. China was quick to respond, rebuking Hagel in a private meeting. , Happening Now: Full Frame: Breaking the Cycle of Poverty. Watch Live: bit.ly/1q0R5ua , Supporters of President-elect, Abdel-Fattah Al-Sisi, continue to celebrate his landslide victory — though some question his legitimacy — and the vote., Recent graduates? Feeling the pressure from all aspects? Check out what are some of the challenges that #Classof2014 graduates are facing and how they are planning to solve the problems. , China's two-time Olympic boxing champion Zou Shiming speaks during a press conference in Macau on May 31, 2014, to promote the Champions of Gold tournament to take place on July 19., Questions remain over U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan. An in depth conversation with CCTV-America. , null, null, null, null, SpaceX CEO Elon Musk speaks with invited guests inside the manned capsule Dragon V2 after unveiling it at the company's headquarters on May 29, 2014, in Hawthorne, California. The private spaceflight company has been flying unmanned capsules to the Space Station delivering cargo for the past two years. The Dragon V2 manned spacecraft will ferry up to seven astronauts to low-Earth orbit., Students in New Delhi held a street protest on Friday after two teenage girls were raped and then killed by their attackers. Last year, #India made gang rape punishable by the death penalty, after the fatal gang rape of a 23-year-old woman triggered nationwide protests and international concern. What do you think can be done to prevent sexual violence? Give us #YourSay for tonight’s show!, This Sunday night on Americas Now at 8pm est. , Sissi secures landslide victory in Egyptian election, A group of men shave dogs at a pet shop in Beijing on May 30, 2014. Dog ownership is popular among China's elderly and the growing middle class., null, Barack Obama accepts #VA Secretary Eric Shinseki's resignation amid widespread troubles with veterans' health care. , Samsung apologizes for worker deaths at factories, #BREAKING: U.S. Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki waves goodbye after addressing the National Coalition for Homeless Veterans May 30, 2014 in Washington, DC. Shinseki resigns in the wake of an unfolding scandal following a report by the inspector general's office., Getting into top American universities, null, null, null, The rise of Mexico's self-defense forces, Moms find solutions to regain benefits of breastfeeding, null, null, Speller Jacob Daniel Williamson of Cape Coral, Florida, celebrates after he has advanced to the final rounds of the 2014 Scripps National Spelling Bee competition May 29, 2014 in National Harbor, Maryland. Twelve spellers have advanced to the finals to compete for the top honor in the annual spelling contest., Nigeria's goalkeeper Austin Ejide scores an own goal which was subsequently disallowed by referee Lee Probert after he was judged to have been fouled by Scotland’s Grant Hanley during the international friendly football match between Nigeria and Scotland at Craven Cottage in London on May 28, 2014, ahead of the 2014 FIFA World Cup., Check this out. Chinese farmer He Liangcai riding a motorized scooter suitcase that he invented on the street in Changsha, central China's Hunan province. He has spent the past ten years developing this suitcase that can travel up to 12.5mph, rivaling your average motorized scooter, state media reported., Chinese honor guards prepare for the arrival of Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang during a welcome ceremony outside the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on May 29, 2014. Najib Razak is on a visit to China from May 27 to June 1., Black smoke rose from a 998-tonne oil tanker off the coast of Hyogo prefecture, around 450 kilometers (280 miles) west of Tokyo. Japan's coastguard was rushing on May 29 to deal with an explosion and subsequent fire aboard a tanker off the country's coast, officials and the prime minister said., Which one is real? Chinese actress Carina Lau looks at her wax figure at Madame Tussauds Beijing during a ribbon cutting ceremony in Beijing on May 29, 2014. Madame Tussauds Beijing will officially open on May 31., Russia's Soyuz TMA-13M spacecraft carrying the International Space Station (ISS) crew of European Space Agency's German astronaut Alexander Gerst, Russian cosmonaut Maxim Suraev and U.S. NASA astronaut Gregory Wiseman blasts off from the launch pad at Russian-leased Baikonur cosmodrome early on May 29, 2014., In a new global analysis, researchers have concluded that 2 billion people are now overweight or #obese. What do you blame most for growing global obesity? Give us #YourSay for tonight’s show! 
READ THE REPORT: http://www.healthdata.org/research-article/global-regional-and-national-prevalence-overweight-and-obesity-children-and-adults, Human cost of General Motors recalls: CCTV America's Daniel Ryntjes speaks with mother of car crash victim., UC Santa Barbara shooting: Lawmakers propose new #GunControl legislation.

, "The Australian Transport Safety Bureau has now advised that the search in the vicinity of the acoustic detections can be considered complete and in its professional judgement the area can now be discounted as the final resting place for MH370."

-Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss on May 29, null, null, Syria election: Refugees Vote in Lebanon and Jordan, Thai Military Rulers Say Most Detainees Freed, null, null, Iran's Zarif Reports Progress in EU Nuclear Talks, null, Legendary author Maya Angelou, revered globally for her poetic command and her commitment to civil rights, died on Wednesday at her home in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. What is Maya Angelou’s most memorable quote? Give us #YourSay., One of the injured passengers was rescued by Prefectura Naval #Argentina after an Argentine aircraft crashed in the Rio de la Plata, some 10 km south of Carmelo, in Uruguay on May 27, 2014. Five people died in the accident and the other four, who were injured, were already taken to nearby hospitals., Saturday on Full Frame, 8pm est: Breaking the Cycle of Poverty with Humans of New York  @bridgetmoynahan @Kiva, U.S. President Barack Obama gives the commencement address at the graduation ceremony at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point on May 28, 2014 in West Point, New York. In a highly anticipated speech on foreign policy, the President provided details on his plans for winding down America's military commitment in Afghanistan. Over 1,000 cadets are expected to graduate from the class of 2014 and will be commissioned as second lieutenants in the U.S. Army., Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak shakes hands with people as he arrives at a Hotel in Beijing on May 28, 2014. Najib Razak is on a visit to China from May 27 to June 1., Poet, Author Maya Angelou Dies at 86. Video from CCTV of her memories of Nelson Mandela from December 2013., null, Silk Road Economic Cooperation to Bring Benefits, null, null, null, A man looks at the exhibitor list at Vinexpo Asia Pacific in Hong Kong on May 27, 2014. Asia's biggest wine and spirits fair opened in Hong Kong, drawing the world's top producers from France to Chile despite China reporting the first decline in wine consumption for a decade., U.S.President Barack Obama announced plans Tuesday for keeping nearly 10,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan after this year but then withdrawing virtually all by the close of 2016, charting an end to America's longest war.  Share your opinion with us on how long should troops remain in #Afghanistan. Give us #YourSay, Rubble is strewn inside a Shiite mosque after a suicide bomb attack in the Shorja market area in downtown #Baghdad, Iraq on Tuesday. A suicide bomber set off his explosives-laden belt in the  mosque which is located in busy commercial area in central Baghdad. At least 14 were killed in this attack., null, null, 54 killed in new attacks in #Nigeria; #BokoHaram members suspected:, Chinese Investment in U.S. Boosts High-Tech Sector , null, null, Li Na won't be advancing in the French Open. She lost in the first round to Kristina Mladenovic of France 7-5, 3-6, 6-1.  Li Na had 37 unforced errors. Li won the title at Roland Garros in 2011.  She is the reigning Australian Open champion., null, null, #Ukraine has launched a strike against gunmen at the Donetsk airport:, null, #Nigeria military says knows where girls are, but reluctant to use force:, Members of the military unfurl an American flag during a wreath laying ceremony at the Intrepid Sea, Air and Space Museum May 26 in New York City. Memorial Day, orginally celebrated as Decoration Day after the Civial War in 1868, became a federal holiday in 1971 and commemorates all those who have died fighting for the U.S. in wars, Billionaire Petro Poroshenko leads all candidates with 54% of the vote counted in Ukraine's presidential election, the Central Elections Commission reported Monday. He declared victory a day earlier, following preliminary exit polls that suggested he had secured a majority of the vote. How will the election affect the #Ukraine crisis? Give us #YourSay by sharing your thoughts below!, “Sorry to interrupt. You haven’t changed who can see your posts lately.” #Facebook recently introduced a feature on its site that will warn its 1.28 billion users about their current privacy settings with a 'smiling' blue cartoon dinosaur. What do you think of #Zuckasaurus?, A Bell UH-1 Iroquois helicopter of Georgian drops leaflets during a ceremony to mark the Independence Day in Tbilisi on May 26, 2014. Georgia will sign a key association agreement with the EU on June 27, European Council President Herman Van Rompuy said earlier this month, as Brussels moves quickly to cement the deal amid the Ukraine crisis., Teachers who demand better working conditions protest at Rio de Janeiro's international airport, in Brazil, on May 26, 2014. Dodging 200 striking teachers, Brazil's World Cup squad headed for their tournament headquarters, seeking football glory against a backdrop of social tension at the cost of staging the event. "An educator is worth more than Neymar" -- Brazil's star striker -- the teachers chanted as the team bus headed from Rio de Janeiro's international airport towards the squad's base about 90 km away at Teresopolis in the hills north of Rio. Despite a heavy police presence the demonstrators managed to hold up proceedings long enough to plant anti-World Cup stickers on the vehicle before the bus finally eased past the throng., Children watch as people march in the annual Memorial Day Parade on May 26, 2014 in Fairfield, Connecticut. Across America towns and cities will be celebrating veterans of the United States Armed Forces and the sacrifices they have made. #MemorialDay is a federal holiday in America and has been celebrated since the end of the Civil War., U.S. President Barack Obama lays a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery, May 26, 2014 in Arlington, Virginia. Obama returned to Washington the morning of May 26, after a surprise visit to Afghanistan to visit U.S. troops at Bagram Air Field., Mangled train compartments are pictured after the Gorakhdham Express rammed into a goods train at Chureb station in Khalilabad, some 700 kilometers (430 miles) east of New Delhi, on May 26, 2014. A passenger express train slammed into a stationary freight train in northern India killing at least 40 people May 26, as rescuers worked frantically to free those trapped inside mangled carriages, officials said., They say the higher the kite flies, the more likely it is that the message will reach the afterlife., null, Black smoke billows from Donetsk international airport, seen behind a cemetery, during heavy gun battle between the Ukrainian army and pro-Russian militants in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk on May 26, 2014.
READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/ukraine-launches-air-strikes-against-gunmen-at-donetsk-airport/, Daniel Flaherty (in #UCSB shirt) and others attend a church service at Saint Marks University Church following a drive-by mass killing near UC Santa Barbara by suspected gunman, 22-year-old Elliot Rodger, son of assistant director of the Hunger Games, Peter Rodger, on May 25, 2014 in Isla Vista, California. The killer began his rampage near UC Santa Babara by stabbing three people to death in an apartment then shooting people as he drove his BMW and running down at least one person until he crashed with an apparently self-inflicted gunshot to the head with police in pursuit. Officers found three legally-purchased guns registered to him inside the vehicle. Prior to the murders, Rodger posted YouTube videos declaring his intention to annihilate the girls who rejected him sexually and others in retaliation for his remaining a virgin at age 22. Seven people died, including the gunman, and seven others wounded, according to authorities., Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey along with members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff onstage at the 25th National Memorial Day Concert at the U.S. Capitol, West Lawn on May 25, 2014 in Washington, DC., Leesa Philippon of West Hartford, Connecticut, decorates the grave site of her son, U.S. Marine Corps Lance Corporal Lawrence Robert Philippon who was killed in 2005 during Operation Iraqi Freedom, at the Arlington National Cemetery May 25, 2014 in Arlington, Virginia. Americans across the nation are observing Memorial Day this weekend to remember the men and women who died while serving in the U.S. military., A Chinese wedding couple pose with the bridal car as they arrive for a reception at a hotel in Urumqi, in China's Xinjiang region on May 24, 2014. Security was tight in Urumqi, the capital of China's Xinjiang, two days after the bloodiest terrorist attack in years, leaving 43 people dead, including four terrorists., Students pose for photographs at a university in Beijing on May 26, 2014. Despite a boom in student numbers in recent years, many graduates from second and third-tier institutions face considerable employment uncertainty in an economy largely fueled by a blue-collar workforce., null, null, null, null, null, Tonight:  An Italian photojournalist and his Russian translator died in a mortar barrage-trying to cover a presidential election marred by low turnout in the east Ukraine. Tune in for more..http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews/, U.S. President Barack Obama shakes hands at a troop rally at Bagram Air Field, north of Kabul, #Afghanistan, during an unannounced visit to the country. He made clear that the U.S. will likely maintain a limited role in Afghanistan even after its combat mission ends this year and America's longest war comes to a close., Exit polls suggested candy tycoon Petro Poroshenko won #Ukraine's presidential election in the first round on Sunday.The rebels had vowed to block the ballot in the east and less than 20 percent of the polling stations were open there but nationwide, about 60 percent of the electorate turned out, Ukraine's election commission said., As summer fishing moratorium approaches, sea farmers in China are actually struggling., Real Madrid's record 10th European title! Real goalkeeper Iker Casillas, centre, lifts the Champion League trophy, at the end of the Champions League final soccer match between Atletico Madrid and Real Madrid, at the Luz stadium, in Lisbon, Portugal, Saturday, May 24, 2014. (AP Photo), Police Official confirmed bungled bomb killed three people in Nigeria's Jos City., The terror attack of May the 22nd in Urumqi has aroused indignation amongst locals. People in Urumqi are angry. They say those who carried out the attacks are extremists and not truly Muslims and also that violence is against their faith., Protesters claiming there is no conservation in captive dolphin hold up placards outside local theme park Ocean Park during an 'Empty The Tanks Worldwide' event in Hong Kong., China's women's badminton team pose for a photograph after defeating Japan in the Uber Cup badminton final at Siri Fort Stadium in New Delhi., null, null, null, null, “Chocolate King” leads in Ukraine presidential polls, while some candidates have failed to even scratch the surface., Death toll from the Xinjiang explosion has risen to 39, while over 90 people are injured. CCTV’s Wu Guoxiu speaks to the victim at the hospital. , Russian President Putin says the "civil war" - as he calls it - in Ukraine is the fault of the United States., Share #YouSay on some of the big stories this week: 

1)Chinese market attack
2)China-Russia gas deal
3)Thailand military seizes power in coup
4)U.S. cyber spying charges, Apple Inc. and Google end bitter patent battle:, null, Fully armed Chinese paramilitary police patrol a street in Urumqi, the capital of China's Muslim Uighur homeland of Xinjiang, on May 23, 2014.  READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/5-suicide-bombers-carried-out-attack-in-xinjiang-region/, 5 suicide bombers carried out attack in #China's Xinjiang Autonomous Region, state media says: , Friday cuteness factor. How many pandas can fit in a milk crate? 
LIKE and SHARE this adorable video.   http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=3366, null, null, null, null, null, null, Are you a Mac or a Droid? Google and Apple have shocked the tech industry with a truce. The two tech giants dropped lawsuits pertaining to smart phone technology. To see more details on the story watch Biz Asia tonight at 8 PM EST.  http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews/, #Thailand's powerful military seized control of this volatile Southeast Asian nation Thursday, suspending the constitution and detaining Cabinet ministers in a risky bid to end half a year of political upheaval that many fear will only deepen the nation's crisis. What do you make of this coup in Thailand? Share your thoughts with us and give us  #YourSay., Ukrainian national guard troops take part in an exercise in presence of acting #Ukrainian Prime Minister on the shooting range not far from Kiev. Rebels firing mortar shells and grenades killed 14 Ukrainian soldiers today, the blackest day for the military in its fight against a pro-Russian insurgency, dramatically heightening tensions just three days before a crunch election., A man looks at pet fish displayed in plastic bags with their respective price tags in Hong Kong on May 22, 2014. Keeping fish is very popular in the densely populated city in as animal lovers seek out less space-hungry pets., China's President Xi Jinping review and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani review honor guards during a welcoming ceremony at the Xijiao State Guesthouse in Shanghai on May 22, 2014., A dawn attack on a checkpoint in eastern #Ukraine has left at least 16 soldiers dead, in the worst loss of life for government forces to date. Heavily armed militants attacked the checkpoint in the Volnovakha area, in one of four attacks reported overnight in eastern Ukraine., null, null, null, null, Xie Wenjun of China celebrates after winning the Men's 110m Hurdles final at the IAAF World Challenge held at the National Olympic Stadium or 'Birds Nest' in Beijing on May 21, 2014. Xie Wenjun won with a time of 13.31 seconds., #BREAKING: An explosion occurred around 8 a.m. Thursday near a park in #Urumqi, capital of northwest China's Xinjiang region., null, null, null, Food trucks in Canada are finding themselves with a growing fan base. See how the trending street eats are carving out a space in the Canadian culinary culture. For the full report, tune into Biz Asia America tonight at 8 PM EST. What's your favorite food truck?, Police blockade the scene of a stabbing incident at the Jiangzicui Station of the Taipei Metro in Taipei on May 21, 2014. A knife-wielding man went on a stabbing spree aboard a Taipei subway train on May 21, killing three people and wounding 25 others in the worst such incident on the island, police said., The United States deployed 80 members of its armed forces to Chad to help in the search for the kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirls, the White House said Wednesday. Do you think this is enough? Is the world doing enough to help #Nigeria? Give us #YourSay by sharing your thoughts below!, Asia nations' leaders and top officials attend a meeting at the fourth Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building Measures in Asia (CICA) summit in Shanghai on May 21, 2014. China is hosting the #CICA summit in Shanghai with Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian leader Vladimir Putin among the heads of state attending., Funmi Jimoh of the U.S. lands during the women's Long Jump final at the IAAF World Challenge held at the National Olympic Stadium or 'Birds Nest' in Beijing on May 21, 2014. Funmi Jimoh won with a jump of 6.56m., Now you don’t need to be near a television set to enjoy news from CCTV America. If you can’t get to a TV or digital device to watch our broadcasts, you can still listen in the U.S. by calling 231.460.1199 !

CCTV America, and AudioNow (the world’s leading ‘call-to-listen’ platform) announce that you can now hear CCTV America programs on-demand – from anywhere in the United States, at any time and at no extra charge. You can also listen in your car through Bluetooth. Check out more on our website. , China signed a landmark deal Wednesday to buy Russian natural gas worth about $400 billion. The deal came one day after Russian President Vladimir Putin said that “significant progress” had been made over the price of the decade-long natural gas supply talks., The 21 year old began attacking people with a knife on a subway car. , Dissident blogger Yoani Sanchez on Wednesday launched her long-awaited digital newspaper, the first media outlet since the Cuban Revolution not under state control., null, null, null, null, null, Chinese producer Zhang Zhao, Chinese actor Chen Daoming, Chinese actress Gong Li, Chinese director Zhang Yimou and Chinese actress Zhang Huiwen pose as they arrive for the screening of the film "Coming Home (Gui Lai) at the 67th edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 20, 2014., Chinese actress Zhang Huiwen, Chinese director Zhang Yimou, Chinese actress Gong Li and Chinese actor Chen Daoming pose during a photocall for the film "Coming Home (Gui Lai)" at the 67th edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 20, 2014., Chinese director and member of the Feature films Jury Jia Zhangke and his wife Chinese actress Zhao Tao, pose as they arrive for the screening of the film "Still the Water" at the 67th edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 20, 2014., Chinese President Xi Jinping with leaders and observers during the group photo event at the fourth Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building Measures in Asia (#CICA) summit in Shanghai on May 20, 2014., A security person struggles with an umbrella as Russia's President Vladimir Putin walks out of a plane upon arriving for the fourth summit of the Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building Measures in Asia (#CICA) held in Shanghai on May 20, 2014., A new train which will link the Iraqi capital Baghdad to the southern port city o Basra is seen at a railway station in Baghdad, on May 20, 2014. The train is the first of a fleet of ten diesel trains manufactured by China Southern Locomotive and Rolling Stock Corporation for Iraqi Republic Railways., Dancers perform as they arrive for the screening of the film "Geronimo" at the 67th edition of the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, southern France, on May 20, 2014., #Thailand has been gripped by off-and-on political turmoil since 2006. Now the army has declared martial law in the country’s latest political crisis. Do you believe martial law was the right decision to ease tensions in Thailand? Give us #YourSay!, Two car bombs exploded at a bustling bus terminal and market in #Nigeria's central city of Jos on Tuesday, and officials said 46 people were killed and many more injured. No one immediately claimed responsibility for the twin car bombs, but they bore the hallmarks of Boko Haram, an Islamic extremist group., null, Scary moments for a 5 year old Chinese boy and his family when he got stuck between 2 walls. SHARE the video of his rescue. , null, null, Exclusive #Insight: CCTV's John Holman reports from #Mexico's Tepito Barrio, an illegal market tied to the struggle between the country's government and the powerful cartels.
WATCH: http://www.cctv-america.com/tepito-barrio-fuels-mexico-cartel-violence-hitman-arms-dealer-tell-how/, null, Tonight: U.S. charges 5 Chinese military officials with cyber spying;  #SouthKorea's president apologizes for ferry disaster; a deadly bus fire in #Colombia; and more stories! 
, Accusing #China of vast business spying, the U.S. has charged five military officials with hacking into U.S. companies to steal vital trade secrets. China’s Foreign Ministry has denied the charges, saying they are based on "fabricated facts" and could jeopardize China-U.S. "cooperation and mutual trust." What’s #YourSay on the U.S. charging Chinese individuals with cyber espionage?, California Chrome #3 is seen with a nasal breathing strip after winning the 139th running of the Preakness Stakes at Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore, Maryland., As seen on a TV camera screen, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, U.S. Attorney for Western District of Pennsylvania David Hickton, and Assistant Attorney General for National Security John Carlin speak to members of the media dring an announcement on indictments against Chinese military hackers on cyber-espionage May 19, 2014 at the Department of Justice in Washington, DC., Hugo Barra, Xiaomi's global vice-president, speaks at the Startup Asia technology conference in Singapore. Xiaomi may be little known outside China, but the fast-growing smartphone maker is at the forefront of a new wave of Asian brands challenging the dominance of Apple and Samsung with high-spec, low-price phones., Aerial view shows the flooded town of Obrenovac, 40 kilometers west of Belgrade, on May 19, 2014. The Balkans braced for more misery as the death toll from the worst floods in a century rose to 47 and rising waters forced thousands more to flee their homes. Muddy waters from the Sava River have submerged houses, churches, mosques and roads in Bosnia, Serbia and Croatia after record rainfall wreaked havoc across the central European region., York City Police Department officers cheer as fellow officer Rosa Rodriguez is wheeled out of Weill Cornell Medical Center following severe injuries received in a Coney Island fire last month on May 19, 2014 in New York City. Officer Rodriguez, who was critically injured in the fire, lost her partner Officer Dennis Guerra in the incident. Police have said that 16-year-old Marcell Dockery has admitted to lighting a mattress on fire in the hallway of the building because he was bored., null, null, The Justice Department of the United States announced a criminal cyber-espionage case against Chinese military officials accused of hacking into major U.S. companies to steal trade secrets. A grand jury in the Western District of Pennsylvania have indicted five Chinese military hackers for computer hacking, economic espionage and other offense directed at six American victim in the U.S. nuclear power, metals and solar products industries. The alleged victims are brand-name companies including Alcoa, Westinghouse and United States Steel.
In March 2013, China rebutted accusations made by the United States of cyber attacks carried out by the Chinese military, urging the U.S. to deal with its own spying scandal. 
The Obama Administration has come under increasing criticism and pressure from the international community since June after former National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden exposed its secret spying programs, which monitor worldwide phone calls and Internet communications under the excuse of counter-terrorism., Chinese PLA Navy ships Zhenghe and Weifang are in the waters off Visakhapatnam while escorted by Indian Navy ships. The Chinese ships are on a four-day visit to the India's Eastern Naval Command, with professional, cultural, social and sports events planned between the Chinese and Indian sailors., Members of a Chinese honor guard prepare for the arrival of President Xi Jinping and the President of Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev during a welcoming ceremony at the Xijiao State Guesthouse on the eve of the fourth CICA summit in Shanghai on May 19, 2014., @CCTV_America: Watch Live #US #DOJ news conference @Livestream on charges against 5 gov't officials from #China. http://t.co/xTEg1zdXSg, null, null, null, null, Watch us now LIVE on your mobile or tablet! http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews/, Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohammed Badie walks out of a defendant cage to speak before judge during his trial in Cairo, Egypt, Sunday. The judge said he would announce a verdict on June 7 in a case involving Badie and 47 other defendants charged with cutting off a major road north of Cairo as part of a wave of post-Morsi protests last summer., Heavily armed Chinese paramilitary policemen march past the site of an explosion outside the Urumqi South Railway Station in Urumqi, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. On Sunday, China blamed a separatist militant group for carrying out the deadly attack at the station last month., Turkish prosecutor: 25 people detained and 3 charged with negligence in Turkish mine disaster. A prosecutor said on Sunday that three people were arrested on charges of negligence in the Turkish mining disaster that killed 301 people.The suspects are among 19 people still in custody. According to the Turkish penal code, the charges can lead to sentences of between three and 15 years in prison., Runners compete in the women's 3000m steeplechase event at the Diamond League athletics meeting in Shanghai on May 18, 2014., Sixty years ago, the US Supreme Court issued a ruling that banned racial segregation in schools. But the landmark 1954 decision known as “Brown Versus Board of Education” has failed to tackle the legacy of education and economic segregation in real terms. , Chinese construction crew was attacked in Cameroon. #BokoHaram is blamed for the attack., What’s been an extremely reliable way of keeping time in the U.S. is about to get even more accurate. A new atomic clock just unveiled in the state of Colorado promises to be the most accurate time standard in the world. , Watch us now LIVE on your mobile or tablet! http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews/, Tense Environment of Colombia's Presidential Election., Mexico’s economy is building momentum after a slow start to the year. The country’s exports, construction, and government spending are helping growth. , Landslide victory for India’s opposition party. , Colombia’s rebel army, the FARC, has declared a temporary ceasefire, as the nation prepares for presidential elections this month. In the past FARC tried to disrupt elections. , Are you a coffee drinker? Watch what's threatening Colombia's coffee crop this Sunday on Americas Now 8pm EST., Share #YouSay on some of the big stories this week: 
1) The kidnapping of school girls by Boko Haram
2) Turkish mine explosion
3) India's elections
4) Dispute over Chinese oil rig, null, A Sudanese court has sentenced a pregnant woman to death for committing apostasy. Local media report the sentence on the woman, who is pregnant, would not be carried out for two years after she had given birth., null, null, A Chinese coast guard ship is blocked by three Vietnamese coast guard vessels near China's oil drilling rig in the South China Sea. China's Xinhua News reported that the Vietnamese government, on one hand, dispatched a large number of vessels, including armed ones, to waters near the drilling site off China's Xisha Islands, ramming Chinese civilian ships and disturbing the normal operation of the drilling platform; on the other, it has described itself as a victim bullied by China., A #Chinese coast guard ship sails next to a #Vietnamese coast guard vessel near China's oil drilling rig in the South China Sea., French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius meets with chairman and founder of the Chinese e-commerce company #Alibaba Jack Ma during a tour of their headquarters in Hangzhou on May 16, 2014. Alibaba is often described as China's version of #Amazon or #eBay, since it has elements of both those firms but suited to the domestic market. It took on eBay in China over a decade ago, essentially forcing the US company to retreat., French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius boards a high-speed train as he leaves Hangzhou for Shanghai on May 16, 2014. Fabius is on a 4-day visit to China with stops in Hangzhou, Shanghai and Beijing., null, A cameraman stands by seized ivory tusks displayed prior to their destruction by incineration in Hong Kong on May 15, 2014. Authorities incinerated the first batch of its almost 30 tonnes of ivory seized from smugglers., null, Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe delivers a speech during a press conference at his official residence in Tokyo on May 15, 2014. Abe set out his case for beefing up pacifist Japan's rules of engagement, in a controversial move he hopes will allow its armed forces to enter battle in defence of allies., null, null, null, China's President Xi Jinping and Portugal's President Anibal Cavaco Silva attend a signing ceremony in front of their national flags at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on May 15, 2014., Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Army General Martin Dempsey escorts China's Army Chief of the General Staff General Fang Fenghui during an arrival ceremony at the Pentagon in Washington, DC, on May 15, 2014., Chinese badminton players Li Xuerui and Wang Shixian take part in a practice session for the forthcoming Uber Cup at India's Siri Fort stadium in New Delhi on May 14, 2014., Carsten Nicolai’s "a (alpha) pulse" is seen illuminating the ICC building as part of Art Basel in Hong Kong on May 15, 2014. Hong Kong's tallest building has been transformed into a glowing art installation, a beacon of ambition in a city looking to cement its status as a major cultural hub with its second installment of the Art Basel fair., China's Yang Li tries to score against Thailand's Sritala Duangnapa during their Women's Asia Cup football match at the Thong Nhat Stadium in Vietnam's Ho Chi Minh on May 15, 2014., Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, and People's Liberation Army of China Chief of the General Staff Gen. Fang Fenghui hold a joint press conference following a bilateral meeting at the Pentagon on May 15, 2014 in Arlington, Virginia. Gen. Fang is touring defense installations in the U.S. while holding talks with Gen. Dempsey to further the miltary-to-military relationship between China and the U.S. T.J., U.S. President #Obama praised the new Sept. 11 museum on Thursday as "a sacred place of healing and of hope" that captures both the story and the spirit of heroism that followed the attacks. The opening of the museum, which commemorates the 2001 terrorist attack, as well as the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, has stirred debate. What’s #YourSay about having a museum for 9/11?, null, null, null, null, Rioters in Vietnam set fire to Chinese-mainland and Taiwan-owned factories in the country's south Tuesday. The rampage was a reaction to Chinese oil drilling in a disputed area of the South China Sea. What started off as a peaceful protest by around six-thousand workers spiraled into chaos as more protesters joined demonstrations. Fifteen factories were set ablaze. Damages are estimated to be in the hundreds of thousands of dollars. Vietnamese authorities say around 200 people have been arrested., null, null, null, Watch us LIVE. Tune in now!, Two pedestrians looks at a solar tricycle on the sidewalk outside a exhibition center in Beijing on May 14,2014. China's industrial output increased by 8.7% year-on-year in April, official data showed on May 13, edging down from 8.8% a month earlier as the world's second-largest economy loses steam., General Fang Fenghui, Chief of the General Staff of the People's Republic of China, tours the bridge May 13, 2014 of the littoral combat ship USS Coronado (LCS 4) with Cmdr. Shawn Johnston, commanding officer of Coronado. Fang, hosted by Commander, US 3rd Fleet, toured USS Coronado, the aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan (CVN 76), and visited the US Marine Corps Recruit Depot. Following his visit in San Diego, Gen. Fang will meet his US counterpart, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Martin Dempsey at the Pentagon on May 15, 2014., At least 232 people were killed and an estimated 200 others are thought to be trapped after an explosion and fire at a coal mine in Soma, south of Istanbul in #Turkey. What can be done to improve mine safety? Give us #YourSay, null, null, Na Li of China serves to Casey Dell'Acqua during their match as part of Rome WTA tennis Masters on May 13, 2014 at the Foro Italico in Rome., Former Honduran President and now congressman Manuel Zelaya leaves the Congress building after being vacated with tear gas along with other members of the Libertad y Refundacion (LIBRE) party, in Tegucigalpa, on May 13, 2014. Honduran riot policemen and soldiers clashed with Zelaya, his wife Xiomara Castro and hundreds of supporters after they burst into the Congress building demanding their right to speak., null, null, null, null, null, Can you afford a Personal Concierge? Their services are starting to gain great demand in the luxury sector. For the full report, tune into Biz Asia America @ 8 PM EDT, An injured miner came out carried by rescuers, on May 13, 2014 after an explosion in a coal mine in Manisa. At least 151 miners were killed in collapsed coal mine in the western Turkish city of Manisa., null, Breaking News: A federal appeals court on Tuesday granted a Texas inmate’s request for a stay of execution hours before he was scheduled to die. The Court granted the request on the grounds that his execution be stopped because of intellectual disability., Governor of #Nigeria's Borno state, Kashim Shettima says 54 girls in the video released by Boko Haram terrorist group, have been identified by name, while the rest were identified as girls who were at the Government Girls Secondary School in the town of Chibok.  On Monday, Boko Haram released a 17-minute video that shows about 100 girls dressed in black and gray full-length hijabs, sitting in an undisclosed rural area., A Turkmenistan man performs on a horse during the opening ceremony of the 2014 International Akhal-Take Horses Association Special Conference and China Horse Culture Festival at Forbidden City in Beijing on May 12, 2014., Chinese Premier Li Keqiang speaks with U.S. Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew during a meeting at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on May 13, 2014., Chinese President Xi Jinping smiles alongside a Ferghana horse as he attends the opening ceremony of the 2014 International Akhal-Take Horses Association Special Conference and China Horse Culture Festival at Forbidden City in Beijing on May 12, 2014., A Venezuelan Army pilot is pictured inside a Chinese-made Shaanxi Y-8 aircraft during military maneuvers in the border state of Apure, southeast of Caracas, on May 12, 2014. The Venezuelan Armed Forces conducted military exercises to test a multiple launch rocket system recently acquired to its ally Russia, the commander of the operation said., Multiple car bombs have exploded in majority Shi'ite areas of Iraq's capital, killing at least 25 people and wounding 75 others. At least eight explosions hit Baghdad on Tuesday, as #Iraq continues to see its worst violence since 2008. The bombs left charred cars and damaged buildings in the Sadr City neighborhood and in downtown Baghdad., A convicted murderer set for execution in Texas on Tuesday has his hopes pinned on an appeal, challenging the state's plan to use a drug for which it will not reveal a source — as was the case with drugs used in a botched execution in Oklahoma two weeks ago, which sparked off a national debate on capital punishment. What is your view on capital punishment? Give us #YourSay, null, null, null, null, U.S. Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew speaks with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang during a meeting at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on May 13, 2014., null, null, After a vote for self-rule in a referendum, the eastern opposition in #Ukraine has declared independence. However, the Kremlin has signaled that it has no intention of letting the region become a part of #Russia, contrary to what happened with Crimea. What is your view of the vote in eastern Ukraine? Give us #YourSay for tonight's show!, World Heritage site, the Mahabodhi Temple is illuminated with lights on the occassion of the 2558th Buddha Jayanti celebrations at Bodhgaya on May 12, 2014. Buddha Jayanti, the most sacred Buddhist festival, celebrates the birthday of Lord Buddha and commemorates his enlightenment and death. It is held on a full moon in May each year and in 2014, Buddha Jayanti falls on May 14., null, Tourists visit the Beichuan Middle School's ruins of earthquake-hit Beichuan county before the sixth year anniversary of the Wenchuan Earthquake on May 11, 2013 in Mianyang, China. Many commemoration activities will be held to mark the fifth anniversary of the devastating earthquake that struck Sichuan Province on May 12, 2008 and claimed nearly 90,000 lives., A Turkmenistan horse trainer encourages his horse to perform during the opening ceremony of the 2014 International Akhal-Take Horses Association Special Conference and China Horse Culture Festival at Forbidden City in Beijing on May 12, 2014., Do you think Nigeria should meet Boko Haram's demand for the return of those kidnapped girls? A video of Nigerian Islamist extremist group Boko Haram shows a girl, wearing the full-length hijab talking to the camera at an undisclosed rural location. Boko Haram released a new video on claiming to show the missing Nigerian schoolgirls, alleging they had converted to Islam and would not be released until all militant prisoners were freed. A total of 276 girls were abducted on April 14 from the northeastern town of Chibok, in Borno state, which has a sizable Christian community. Some 223 are still missing., Participants plunge from a runway into Victoria harbor during a Red Bull 'Flugtag' event in Hong Kong on May 11, 2014. Organised by the Red Bull energy drinks company, a Flugtag, which means 'flying day' in German, is a competition in which teams in fancy dress attempt to pilot human-powered, home-made flying machines off a six-metre-high platform into water., China's President Xi Jinping shakes hands with Turkmenistan's President Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov during a signing ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on May 12, 2014., null, null, Exclusive: Chinese Premier Li Keqiang Delivered Speech Through CCTV Africa Bureau., null, null, null, Venezuela Beauty Queen: Today at 8pm on Americas Now!, Live with all the latest about referendum in Ukraine. Tune in!, Pro-Russian insurgents in eastern Ukraine say preliminary results of a contentious referendum show nearly 90 percent of voters have supported sovereignty for their region. Roman Lyagin, election chief of the self-styled Donetsk People's Republic, said around 75 percent of the region's 3 million voters cast ballots Sunday. The referendum took place amid sustained condemnation from the central government in Kiev and the Western community., null, null, Full Frame Essay this week: Documenting Women Improving the Lives of Children. Amazing story! @Paola Gianturco, This week Full Frame examines how women are portrayed in cinema, media and around the world. Tune in to Full Frame on CCTV America at 8:00 pm EDT on May 10, 2014. Or watch the live stream of the program here: http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews/, In Thailand, opposition protesters are gathering out of TV station to oust the government. , null, null, Millions of Chinese children left behind by migrant worker parents. What have been done for them? What can be done in the future?, Controversy surrounds the arrival of the World Cup in Brazil. Amid rising costs, construction delays and protests over government priorities, a recent poll shows that less than half of Brazilians now favor hosting the games. Is Brazil ready?, African National Congress (ANC) supporters celebrate during the victory celebrations of the ANC at the Peoples Park outside the Moses Mabhida Football stadium in Durban on May 10, 2014. Completed results showed the African National Congress won 62.15 percent of the ballots, while the main opposition Democratic Alliance came in second with 22.23 percent., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Live with all reactions to Russian President visit to Crimea. Tune in! , Russian T-90 tanks roll at the Red Square in Moscow, on May 9, 2014, during a Victory Day parade. Thousands of Russian troops marched today in Red Square to mark 69 years since victory in World War II in a show of military might amid tensions in Ukraine following Moscow's annexation of Crimea., Russia's President Vladimir Putin addresses local residents during a visit to the Crimean port of Sevastopol. What do you think of Putin's visit to Crimea? Give us #YourSay, Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta greeted Chinese Prime Minister Li Keqiang upon his arrival in Nairobi, at the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport, on May 08, 2014. Chinese Premier Li Keqiang arrived in Nairobi Friday on the final leg of a four-nation Africa tour, in a visit expected to boost trade, transport links and conservation, Kenya's presidency said., null, null, Russian T-90 tanks roll at the Red Square in Moscow, on May 9, 2014, during a Victory Day parade. Thousands of Russian troops marched today in Red Square to mark 69 years since victory in World War II in a show of military might amid tensions in Ukraine and Crimea., Chinese Prime minister Li Keqiang and Angolan President Jose Eduardo dos Santos hold a press conference on May 9, 2014 in the gardens of the Angolan presidential palace in Luanda, marking the closure of Li Keqiang's two-day official visit to the country. Chinese Premier Li Keqiang visited four countries in Africa on his first tour of the continent since assuming his position a little over a year ago, seeking to nurture a booming economic relationship., A Chinese-flagged fishing boat was towed by Philippine police to the town of Taytay on the western Philippine island of Palawan. Eleven crew members were arrested off Half Moon Shoal in the South China Sea on May 6, 2014 and could face criminal charges of illegal fishing and collecting protected maritime species. China said the crew members are all Chinese citizens, and demanded that they be freed immediately., Vehicles are submerged in water following flash floods in the holy city of Mecca on May 9, 2014. Heavy rainfall flooded the road to Mecca, causing traffic jams and leaving cars abandoned in the streets, null, null, null, null, null, This NASA imge obtained May 8, 2014 shows a composite image of star cluster, NGC 2024, which is found in the center of the so-called Flame Nebula about 1,400 light years from Earth. In this image, X-rays from Chandra are seen as purple, while infrared data from NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope are colored red, green, and blue. A study of NGC 2024 and the Orion Nebula Cluster, another region where many stars are forming, suggest that the stars on the outskirts of these clusters are older than those in the central regions. This is different from what the simplest idea of star formation predicts, where stars are born first in the center of a collapsing cloud of gas and dust when the density is large enough., The Department of Veteran Affairs has come under fire after reports of the deaths of 40 patients forced to wait for medical care at the Phoenix VA hopsital., Russian honor guard march during a Victory Day parade rehearsal on the Dvortsovaya (Palace) Square in St. Petersburg, on May 5, 2014. Russia celebrates the 1945 victory over Nazi Germany on May 9., people and relatives of missing passengers of the sunken South Korea ferry 'Sewol' release paper lanterns at a harbor in Jindo. Recovery teams should try to wrap up their search for bodies from South Korea's ferry disaster by the weekend, Prime Minister Chung Hong-Won said on May 7, three weeks after the ship sank with hundreds of schoolchildren on board., China said on Wednesday that operation of its drilling rig 981 near the Xisha Islands in the South China Sea is legal and urged Vietnam to stop disturbing China's exploration activities in its territorial waters.

Foreign Ministry Spokeswoman Hua Chunying made the remarks at a regular press conference.

The Maritime Safety Administration of China issued navigational notice about rig 981, which belongs to China National Offshore Oil Corporation (CNOOC), on May 3, she said, adding that operation of the drilling rig is lawful in China's territorial waters.

She said Vietnamese harassment of Chinese companies conducting normal activities runs counter to international law and basic norms of international relations as well as China's sovereignty and administration rights.

China's State Councilor Yang Jiechi had a phone conversation with Vietnam's Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Pham Binh Minh on Tuesday, demanding that the Vietnamese side stop disturbing Chinese companies' normal work in the Xisha Islands.

The United States on Tuesday criticized China by calling its exploration activities "provocative and unhelpful to the maintenance of peace and stability in the region."

Hua said the Xisha Islands are part of China's inherent territory and the activities of the Chinese companies in the Xisha Islands are within the mandate of China's sovereignty and administration, which have nothing to do with Vietnam and the U.S.

She said the U.S. is in no position to make irresponsible remarks on China's affairs., With Texas at the forefront of the sector, energy is the fastest growing industry in the US. Many small towns are seeing a surging boom. Take a look at how new development areas in Oil and Gas are being affected. For more on the story, tune into Biz Asia America tonight at 8 PM EST., null, A large explosion in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo has destroyed a hotel and several other buildings, state media and activists report. Rebel fighters are believed to have detonated a bomb placed in a tunnel beneath the Carlton Citadel Hotel, near the city's medieval citadel and souk. Government troops had been based there and at least 14 died in the incident., A strong earthquake shook the southern Pacific coast of Mexico, including the capital on Thursday, sending frightened people into unseasonal torrential rains that were also bearing down on the coast. The 6.4-magnitude quake in southern Guerrero state had an epicenter about 9 miles north of Tecpan de Galeana, according to the U.S. Geological Survey., On Sunday, May 11, 2014 the self-proclaimed Donetsk People’s Republic will hold a sovereignty referendum in eastern #Ukraine, despite Russian President Vladimir #Putin's plea to postpone the vote. What do you think will happen with the Ukrainian referendum? Give us #YourSay for tonight's show!, null, null, null, null, null, The outspoken founder of Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba, Jack Ma, has thrown down a challenge to the world's global Internet giants and put future shareholders in their place as the firm filed for a U.S. stock offer., null, Brent Metcalf of the U.S.A takes on Magomed Kurbanaliev of Russia during the Beat the Streets Wrestling Exhibition at Times Square on May 7, 2014 in New York City., An Air France attendant shows off the airline's "haute couture" suite featuring a seat that reclines into a bed stretching 2.01 metres long and 77 centimetres across (6 ft 7 ins and 30 inches) -- one of the most spacious in the world, in Shanghai on May 7, 2014. Air France unveiled its new first-class section in Shanghai, fueling an international luxury-seating race to win over Asia's rising number of high fliers., Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan directs the way to the Chinese Premier Li Keqiang on his arrival at the presidential villa in Abuja on May 7, 2014. Premier Li Keqiang is in Nigeria leading a high powered 129-member delegation consisting of top government officials and businessmen as part of his four-nation tour of Africa., null, Since April 15th, #BringBackOurGirls has been tweeted nearly 1 million times.  A Change.org petition calling on all World Leaders and enabled parties to rescue the missing girls has nearly 500,000 signatures.   Do you think social media campaigns make a difference? Share your thoughts using #YourSay, Thailand’s caretaker cabinet on Wednesday appointed Niwatthamrong Boonsongpaisan as new caretaker prime minister in place of Yingluck Shinawatra who was removed from office by a court verdict., After a meeting with Swiss President and Foreign Minister Didier Burkhalter at the Kremlin in Moscow, on May 7, 2014, Putin called on separatists in east Ukraine on Wednesday to postpone a referendum on independence for the mostly Russian-speaking region and said Moscow had withdrawn troops from the border with Ukraine., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, A woman holds a sign as members of Lagos based civil society groups hold rally calling for the release of missing Chibok school girls at the state government house, in Lagos, Nigeria, on May 5, 2014. Boko Haram on Monday claimed the abduction of hundreds of schoolgirls in northern Nigeria that has triggered international outrage, threatening to sell them as "slaves". "I abducted your girls," the Islamist group's leader Abubakar Shekau said in the 57-minute video, referring to the 276 students kidnapped from their boarding school in Chibok, Borno state, three weeks ago., More than 300 girls and young women were abducted on April 15 in Nigeria by Islamic extremist group Boko Haram. Three weeks later, 276 remain missing. What do you think the world can do about groups like Boko Haram? Give us #YourSay!
READ MORE: http://bit.ly/SxCo6K, null, A woman looks at a '24' poster during Youku, a Chinese video-sharing website, at a 24-hour event for the release of the new season of the U.S. television show at a cinema in Beijing on May 6, 2014. Chinese video streaming websites have removed four legally licensed U.S. television shows in a move that could portend "stricter online monitoring", state-run media reported on April 28., Children are paraded on a float during the "Bun Festival" on the island of Cheung Chau in Hong Kong on May 6, 2014. The traditional "Bun Festival" is held every year to placate the hungry ghosts of old pirates. Legend has it that buns bring good luck to the island's fisherman protecting them from the spirits of pirates that once lurked in the region., China's Guangzhou Evergrande players celebrate with their supporters after beating Japan's Cerezo Osaka during the AFC champions league round 16 match in Osaka on May 6, 2014. Evergrande defeated Cerezo 5-1 at their first match., null, null, null, Tonight: #BokoHaram leader threatens to sell kidnapped girls in #Nigeria; #Ukraine clashes; and more stories!, #Nigeria's Islamic extremist leader has threatened to sell the nearly 300 teenage schoolgirls abducted from a school in the remote northeast three weeks ago, in a videotaped message. The White House has responded, saying the United States is doing what it can to help find and free the abducted girls. 
What’s #YourSay about the world’s reaction to the abduction?  
READ MORE: http://bit.ly/Sum1Ig, Ethiopian and Chinese workers of the China Communication Construction Company sit at the site of the Addis Ababa-Adama toll road on May 5, 2014. The site was christened by Chinese Prime Minister Li Keqiang. Li arrived in Ethiopia for the start of a four-nation African tour, his first visit to the continent since assuming his position a little over a year ago., Afghan landslide-affected villagers gather near tents during aid distribution in Aab Bareek village at Argo district of Badakhshan on May 5, 2014. Afghan officials said they plan to build new houses for hundreds of families made homeless by a landslide that entombed a northeastern village and killed at least 300 people., The head of a dragon boat is seen as a teams prepares to compete in the Lamma International Dragon Boat Festival 2014 off Lamma Island in Hong Kong on May 4, 2014. Sixty-four dragon boats teams competed in the annual races, mostly from Hong Kong but including teams from Dubai, the US, Singapore, Philippines and Australia., This combination of pictures show U.S. President Barack Obama laughing as he listening actor and comedian Joel McHale telling jokes during the White House Correspondents’ Association Dinner on May 3, 2014 in Washington, DC., A man practice martial arts at the entrance of a restaurant in Beijing on May 5, 2014. China's manufacturing sector contracted for a fourth consecutive month in April, HSBC said on May 5, the latest sign that the world's second-largest economy is slowing., China team head coach Liu Guoliang raises the winning trophy with Fan Zhendong, Wang Hao, Ma Long, Zhang Jike and Xu Xin during the awarding ceremony of the 2014 World Team Table Tennis Championships in Tokyo on May 5, 2014., China team head coach Kong Linghui raises the winning trophy with Liu Shiwen, Zhu Yuling, Chen Meng, Ding Ning and Li Xiaoxi during the awarding ceremony of the 2014 World Team Table Tennis Championships in Tokyo on May 5, 2014., null, null, null, null, BREAKING NEWS, Protecting rights or protecting lives? What impact are firearms are making in the U.S.? , Chinese Premier Li Keqiang will pay official visits to Ethiopia, Nigeria, Angola and Kenya between May 4th and 11th. This is Li’s first visit to Africa since assuming the role of Premier in 2013. Li’s trip coincides with the 50th anniversary of late Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai’s first visit to Africa., A taste of Latin America in Beijing!, More than 2 million Panamanians are registered to vote in Sunday's presidential election-the closest race seen there in years. , In Afghanistan, rescuers have given up on finding any remaining survivors from two mudslides. At least 21-hundred people are feared dead. Rescuers have now turned their attention to the four-thousand people that have been displaced., null, Live with the latest on #Ukraine , #landslide and Panama elections. Tune in! , null, How do people assess U.S. #ForeignPolicy under President #BarackObama ? Check out on this issue of THE HEAT., null, Afghan rescuers search desperately for survivors trapped under the mud after a massive landslide buried a village. Rescuers searched in vain for survivors May 3 after a landslide buried an Afghan village, killing 350 people and leaving thousands of others feared dead amid warnings that more earth could sweep down the hillside., null, New anguish and despair for relatives of passengers on board Malaysia Airlines flight 370. The family support center in Beijing was closed on Friday night following the announcements by the Malaysian authorities and Malaysia airlines. CCTV’s reporter Teressa Siu reports on family reactions from Beijing., Violence escalated in the eastern town of Slavyansk. That’s where anti-government militants shot down two Ukrainian helicopters. At least two people were killed. Militias are trying to stop Ukrainian forces from entering the town.CCTV’s Kate Parkinson reports from Slavyansk., null, null, German Chancellor Angela Merkel paid a visit to the White House, where she met President Obama. It’s the first time the two leaders have been together since last year’s revelations that the US secretly monitored Merkel’s cell phone. CCTV’s White House correspondent Jessica Stone reports. , Watch us now Live now!, The United Nations Security Council meets over Ukraine on May 2, 2014 in New York. From the civil war in Syria to heightened tensions in Ukraine, how effective is the United Nations? Comment to have #YourSay on CCTV America's program tonight!, Hungarian pilot and European champion Zoltan Veres flies under the oldest Hungarian bridge, the 'Lanchid' (Chain Bridge) with his 'MXS' type plane on May 1, 2014 during a Red Bull flying and car show around the Danube River of Budapest downtown., Ukrainian soldiers arrive to reinforce a checkpoint which troops seized in the early morning in the village of Andreevka, 7 kms from the center of the southern Ukrainian city of Slavyansk, on May 2, 2014. Ukraine's military lost two helicopters and two servicemen on May 2 in a deadly offensive launched just before dawn against pro-Russian rebels holding the flashpoint town of Slavyansk, insurgents and authorities said., Obama: U.S. and Germany are 'not perfectly aligned yet' on privacy, NSA spying agreement. U.S. President Barack Obama listens to German Chancellor Angela Merkel before a bilateral meeting in the Oval Office at the White House on May 2, 2014 in Washington, DC. Obama welcomed Merkel at the White House for discussions on the escalating crisis in Ukraine, her first visit to Washington since revelations that the US may have tapped her mobile phone., President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel threatened tougher new sanctions against Russia on Friday if Moscow does not quickly change its disruptive behavior.  READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.com/obama-merkel-display-unity-against-russia/, Ukrainian National Guard troops wait as pro-Russia supporters block the Kramators-Slavyansk road on May 2, 2014. Russia warned on May 2 that Ukraine's use of the army against its own people in the east will lead to catastrophe and urged the West to renounce its "destructive policies." "As we repeatedly warned, the use of the army against one's own people is a crime and is leading Ukraine towards catastrophe," the Russian foreign ministry said in a statement., Former top political officer in Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK)'s military, Choe Ryong Hae, has not been seen in public recently, and the KCNA did not say why Choe was replaced by Hwang Pyong So, who has been appointed the top political officer of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK)'s military, the official KCNA news agency said Friday. Hwang made his official appearance as the director of the General Political Bureau of the Korean People's Army, considered the second most powerful military position in the DPRK, at an banquet celebrating May Day on Thursday. Hwang was promoted to a vice marshal on April 26., null, Blood stains mark the floor inside a subway train after a collision at Sangwangsimni station in Seoul on May 2, 2014. Two subway trains collided in Seoul on May 2, injuring more than 100 people but with no immediate report of any fatalities, the emergency services said., Malaysian Minister of Defence and acting Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein briefs the media in Kuala Lumpur on May 2, 2014 with Joint Agency Coordination Center (JACC) Chief coordinator Angus Houston and President French Aviation Accident Investigation Bureau Jean-Paul Troadec. Australia will host a meeting with Malaysia and China next week to determine the way forward in the frustrating search for flight MH370, officials said in Kuala Lumpur on Friday., Anti-Kiev militia lay on the ground with hands tied after being arrested on suspicion of the implementation of MANPADS (Man-portable air-defense systems) shots to a helicopter of the Ukrainian forces on May, 2, 2014 at a checkpoint near Slavyansk . Ukraine's defense ministry on Thursday raised the toll during an assault on the rebel-held town of Slavyansk to two of its helicopters shot down and two servicemen killed. Authorities say the pro-Russian insurgents used shoulder-launched rockets to bring down the two Mi-24 helicopters. Earlier, the interior minister said one of those killed was a helicopter pilot., null, null, null, null, null, null, Demonstrators gather and prepare to march down Broadway on International Workers Day, or Labor Day, on May 1, 2014 in New York City. The annual global gathering of immigration rights activists, leftists, labor unions and others often results in confrontations with police. The very first Labor Day in America took place on May 1, 1886, as a celebration of the American labor movement and the adoption of the 8-hour work day., A Palestinian model takes a #selfie backstage during the first day of the Palestinian Fashion Week on May 1, 2014 in the West Bank city of Ramallah., U.S. Park Police arrest protesters in front of the White House on May 1, 2014 in Washington, DC. The demonstrators were calling for a halt to deportations and immigration reform., A gas explosion all but destroyed a jail in the Florida Panhandle, killing two inmates and injuring more than 180 people, and officials lost track of three inmates in the chaos on Thursday.The three inmates were always under authorities control, but went unaccounted for in the confusion as hundreds of inmates were bused to hospitals and others were taken to nearby jails because the crippled building had to be evacuated., Malaysia Airlines tells families of passengers on missing plane to return home, wait for news. Since the jet disappeared, the airline has been putting the relatives up in hotels, where they've been briefed on the search. But the airline said in a statement that it would close its family assistance centers around the world by May 7, and that the families should receive search updates from "the comfort of their own homes.", Syrian government aircraft struck a busy market Thursday in a rebel-held district of Aleppo, killing at least 33 people in the latest deadly attack targeting mainly civilians in the contested city, opposition activists said. Several activists said the helicopter dropped three crude barrel bombs that exploded in the Hillok district along a civilian-packed street lined with vegetable and meat shops., Guns in America: Protecting rights or protecting lives? What impact are firearms are making in the U.S.? We take a look, this week on America’s Now. Watch Sunday at 8p.m. EDT., A crowd surfer gestures during the Strawberry Music Festival in Beijing on May 1, 2014. The music festival runs from May 1 to 3 in Beijing., null, null, null, null, CCTV’s Stephanie Freid has entered into the lab and has this report., null, null, null, null, null, Friends of Wesley Loyd help him salvage what they can from his home after it was destroyed on Monday by a tornado on April 30, 2014 in Louisville, Mississippi. Deadly tornadoes ripped through the region starting on April 27 leaving more than two dozen dead. The storm system has also brought severe flooding to Florida's Panhandle., A leftist student gestures as she speaks with an unidentified man while sitting on the vehicle transporting Germany's president, to protest against the decision made by Middle East Technical University (ODTU) officials to prevent them from entering the hall where the German president was addressing students on the university's campus in Ankara April 28, 2014. Germany's president Joachim Gauck said he was "scared" by recent developments in Turkey during a visit to the country on April 28, saying "the rule of law is in danger" from its efforts to muzzle opposition., A family walks past an advertisement along a street in Beijing on April 30, 2014. The coming Labor Day on May 1 will mark a peak tourist season with tens of thousands domestic tourists visiting the capital., In the last week, United States has imposed a third round of sanctions on Russia, signed a 10-year defense agreement with the Philippines and openly stated that the security treaty with Japan extends to disputed islands in the East China Sea. What do you think of Obama's foreign policies? Give us #YourSay, null, U.S. Senate Republicans blocked an election-year Democratic bill on Wednesday that would boost the federal minimum wage., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, A white Bengal female tiger frolics with her three cubs, who were born in captivity, at the Huachipa's zoo in Lima on April 29, 2014., Unknown ultra-nationalists activists march towards the Independence Square to commemorate "Maidan heroes" in Kiev on April 29, 2014., Vehicles sit tossed a top others after a tornado on April 29, 2014 in Tupelo, Mississippi. A deadly tornado ripped through the area April 28, after deadly storms moved through the south spawning tornadoes that have left more than a dozen dead., New England Revolution's Steve Neumann, Charlie Davies, and Darrius Barnes spend time with Giraldy and brother Ryan at Boston Children's Hospital on April 29, 2014 in Boston, Massachusetts., Visitors look at fish in the aquarium inside the Chimelong Ocean Kingdom in Zhuhai on April 29, 2014. The park which claims to be the world's largest ocean theme park was built at an estimated cost of USD3.3 billion and opened in March of this year., Ding Ning of China serves against Eva Odorova of Slovakia during their women's singles round two match of the 2014 World Team Table Tennis Championships in Tokyo on April 29, 2014., Coastguard boats and search and rescue teams take part in recovery operations at night at the site of the 'Sewol' ferry, off the coast of the South Korean island of Jindo., null, Real Madrid beats Bayern Munich 4-0 in Germany to reach Champions League final. Real Madrid's Portuguese forward Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates scoring the 3rd goal during the UEFA Champions League second-leg semi-final football match FC Bayern Munich vs Real Madrid CF in Munich, southern Germany, on April 29, 2014., Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling has been banned for life by the NBA in response to racist comments the league says he made in an audio recording. What do you think of the racism scandal in US basketball? Give us #YourSay, Two "Rafale" French fighter jets and two polish Mig 29 fly over the air base in Malbork, Poland on April 29, 2014. Four French Rafale fighter jets arrived in Malbork to participate in the #NATO mission in the region., NBA Commissioner Adam Silver holds a press conference to discuss Los Angeles #Clippers owner Donald Sterling at the Hilton Hotel on April 29, 2014 in New York City. Silver announced that #Sterling will be banned from the #NBA for life and will be fined $2.5 million for racist comments released in audio recordings. What do you think of this decision? #YourSay, SHARE #yoursay comment: Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling has been banned for life by the NBA in response to racist comments the league says he made in an audio recording. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver also says he will try to force a sale of the Clippers. He fined Sterling $2.5 million.  
What do you think of this decision?, In this photo taken April 29, 2014 provided by the Australia Defence Force, multinational air-crew and aircraft involved in operation "Southern Indian Ocean" are assembled for a photo at RAAF Base Pearce, in Perth, Western Australia. Seven nations, including Australia, New Zealand, the U.S., South Korea, Malaysia, China and Japan, have flew daily search mission out to the southern Indian Ocean in the massive multinational hunt for the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. (AP Photo/Australian Defence Force, Cpl. Nicci Freeman), null, null, null, null, null, Bitcoins introduced most of the public to digital currency inviting a number of spin-offs. See how the growth of the legalized marijuana industry has led to the use of a new version. For the full report tune into Biz Asia America tonight at 8:00 PM EST., Tonight: New military pact between the U.S. and the #Philippines; video of sunken #ROK ferry captain being rescued; #Ukraine mayor shot; and more stories!, SHARE your comment after watching the video: So much for taking responsibility for your ship. The South Korean Coast Guard on Monday released footage of captain Lee Joon-seok fleeing the passenger ferry Sewol as it sank in coastal waters off Jindo Island on April 16th., null, Flag that was found in debris was placed by volunteers working to help clean up after a strong tornado went through the area on April 27 for the second time in three years on April 28, 2014 in Vilonia, Arkansas. After deadly tornadoes ripped through the area and have left over a dozen dead, Mississippi, Arkansas, Texas, Louisiana, and Tennessee are all under watch as multiple storms over the next few days are expected., How do you see the new military pact between the U.S. and the Philippines? #yoursay
Activists hold an anti-US protest near Malacanang palace in Manila on April 28, 2014. Activists welcome Obama with huge protest. Obama landed in the Philippines on April 28 to cement new defense ties on the last leg of an Asian tour conducted against a backdrop of territorial tensions between US allies and China., null, null, null, Here are two ancient Buddha face sculptures, one from northern India dating back to the 5th century and another from northern China dating back to 534-550, during an exposition at the Louvre Museum in Paris presenting the artworks which will be transferred to the Louvre in Abu Dhabi, on April 28, 2014. The 'Birth of a Museum' exposition presents paintings, sculptures, and other artworks that the famous French Louvre museum will send to the new Louvre museum branch in Abu Dhabi, in the United Arab Emirates, which is expected to open in 2015., U.S. President Barack Obama accepts the Order of the Sikatuna from President Benigno Aquino of the Philippines during a State Dinner at the Malacanang Palace in Manila, April 28, 2014. Obama said a new military pact signed with the Philippines on Monday granting a larger presence for U.S. forces would bolster the Southeast Asian country's maritime security, but was not aimed at countering China's growing military might., Protesters burn a U.S. President Barack Obama effigy during an anti-U.S. protest near Malacanang palace in Manila on April 28, 2014. Activists welcome Obama with huge protest. Obama landed in the Philippines on April 28 to cement new defense ties on the last leg of an Asian tour., Members of the Kurdish Peshmerga force show their ink-stained fingers in the northern Kurdish city of Arbil on April 28, 2014, after casting her ballot in special voting ahead of Iraq's first election since U.S. troops withdrew. Suicide bombers attacked several polling stations and security forces in Iraq today killing at least 18 people and wounding dozens, police said, days before the violence-wracked country holds legislative elections., At a joint press conference about missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 in Canberra, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott announced an intense search across a huge swathe of seabed where Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 might have crashed seven weeks ago, admitting it is now "highly unlikely" that any surface wreckage will be found., A convention goer takes a selfie with a stuffed Grizzly bear at the 143rd NRA Annual Meetings and Exhibits at the Indiana Convention Center in Indianapolis, Indiana on April 26, 2014. Tens of thousands are converging on this city in the U.S. heartland this weekend to celebrate American gun culture at the National Rifle Association's annual meeting, part political event and eye-catching display of weaponry., U.S. sanctions 7 Russian government officials, 17 companies with links to Vladimir Putin., null, null, null, Newly married Chinese couples from Shanghai pose during their wedding ceremonies in the city of Chania on the Greek island of Crete on April 25, 2014. 16 couples from Shanghai arrived for their mass wedding to the old city of Chania, as part of an event organised in cooperation by Chinese and Greek tourist organisations., Members of the Miao minority group watch a performance in Biasha Village, Guizhou Province. The armaments in Biasha, a village tucked amid the wooded peaks of Guizhou province, are a reminder of an era of conflict between Beijing and the mountain tribes who still inhabit swathes of China's southwest., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, New penalties expected this week against #Moscow for its actions against #Ukraine will include steps against high-technology exports to the Russian defense industry and the companies controlled by those closest to President Vladimir Putin, a White House aide said Sunday.Deputy national security adviser Tony Blinken said the U.S.  will designate new sanctions against Putin's inner circle that will have "a significant impact on the Russian economy.", S. Korean PM Apologizes and Resigns After Ferry Tragedy. , #BREAKING: S. Korean PM Chung Hong-won apologizes and resigns after the #SewolFerryTragedy, which killed 187 and left 115 unaccounted for., What would you do if you had unlimited resources to accomplish something great in the world? , Fears are growing for a team of international observers captured by pro-Russian rebels. The militants declared Saturday the group would only be freed in exchange for the release of prisoners held in Kiev. Moscow says it will do all it can to help with the release. But Kiev blames Russia for the kidnapping, saying the hostages are being used as human shields. This as Ukrainian armed forces launched the second phase of its operation to regain control of the town of Slavyansk. CCTV’s Kate Parkinson has more. , Tune in to Full Frame! 
, China to boost ties with Latin America., null, null, null, null, Chinese currency fell to its weakest in 16 months this week, a trend that reinforced the currency is no longer a one-way bet as Beijing presses ahead with market reforms. Cathy Yang discusses the impact on foreign players wanting to do business in Hong Kong, the key offshore market for the RMB., null, The United States says Russia should expect new economic sanctions if it is unable to influence pro-Moscow militia to pull back from eastern and southern Ukraine.However, U-S President Barack Obama is holding open the possibility that Russia could still choose a peaceful resolution to the crisis.,  Enduring a life of danger and hardship to make some money on the blackmarket. Is it worth it? Tonight, Correspondent John Holman travels to the Yucatan to investigate the secret operation and slippery business of harvesting sea cucumbers. Tune in! 
, null, U-S President Barack began the second leg of his four-nation Asian tour Friday. He arrived in Seoul amid renewed concerns the Democratic Republic of Korea is preparing for another nuclear test., null, null, Protesters use tear gas and throw stones during clashes with riot police in front of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine during a rally in Kiev on November 24, 2013. The International Criminal Court's chief prosecutor has opened a initial probe into crimes committed before and during the fall of Ukraine's ousted president Viktor Yanukovych, the court said on April 25, 2024., Ukrainian special forces officers prepare to deploy a defense barrier made of spikes at a check-point on the road between Donetsk and Slavyansk, not far from the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk, on April 25, 2014. Ukraine's army today launched an operation to ensnare pro-Russian militants in the flashpoint eastern city of Slavyansk in a bid to prevent reinforcements and keep civilian casualties down, authorities said., People attend a memorial for the victims of the sunken South Korean ferry "Sewol" at the Ansan Olympic memorial hall in Ansan on April 25, 2014. The confirmed death toll stood at 183, but 119 people remained unaccounted for. Their bodies are believed still trapped in the submerged vessel that capsized on April 16 with 476 people on board., Funeral cars containing the bodies of victims of the sunken South Korean ferry 'Sewol' are on the way during a funeral service in Incheon, west of Seoul, on April 25, 2014. Dive teams raced on April 25 to pull more than 100 bodies from a sunken South Korean ferry as storm clouds loomed and the victims' families angrily pressed officials to wrap up the recovery effort., null, Members of China National Acrobatic Troupe perform at the Beiteddine Festival in the Lebanese mountains southeast of Beirut on June 26, 2013., A man using a laptop at an office of Sina Weibo, widely known as China's version of Twitter, in Beijing. China plans to severely curtail major Internet portal Sina's right to publish online after it "spread pornographic information", authorities said on April 25., Queen Margrethe II of Denmark and Chinese First Lady Peng Liyuan wave to the audience during a lecture of fairy tales by Danish writer Hans Christian Andersen during the launch of Danish-Chinese Cultural Year at the Museum for Women and Children in Beijing on April 25, 2014. Danish Queen is on an official visit to China and met with Chinese President., null, null, null, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Norwegian Foreign Minister Borge Brende speak to the media prior to meetings at the U.S. State Department in Washington, DC, April 24, 2014. Secretary of State John Kerry is accusing Russia of failing to live up to commitments it made to ease the crisis in Ukraine, warning Russia not changing course will be a 'grave and expensive mistake,' window closing., U.S. President Barack Obama positions a football as he talks with Honda's humanoid robot #ASIMO, an acronym for Advanced Step in Innovative Mobility as he tours the Miraikan Science Expo in Tokyo on April 24, 2014., U.S. President Barack Obama watches a horseback archery demonstration at the Meiji Shrine in Tokyo on April 24, 2014., Relatives mourn as they stand near the coffin of Volodymyr Rybak, a local councillor from the pro-Western party, reportedly killed by pro-Russia separatists in Slavyansk last week, during his funeral ceremony in the eastern Ukrainian city of GorlIvka, Donetsk region, on April 24, 2014. A local politician whose mutilated body was found near a rebel-held town in east Ukraine suffered many knife wounds, his anguished widow said Wednesday after identifying his body., Commander Lin Wan of China's People’s Liberation Army-Navy receives a farewell gift on board HMAS Success following a successful 12-day placement as part of Operation Southern Indian Ocean in the search for the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 in the southern Indian Ocean. Searchers for missing Flight #MH370 face tough choices on how to proceed after almost seven fruitless weeks, with only a fraction of a deep-sea zone still left to be scanned., Chinese honor guards prepare for the arrival of Queen Margrethe II of Denmark and Chinese President Xi Jinping during a welcome ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on April 24. Queen Margrethe II is on a vist to China from April 24 to 28., Chinese President Xi Jinping smiles with Danish Queen Margrethe II during a signing ceremony between China and Denmark at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on April 24, 2014., An Iraqi policeman stands guard at the site of a car bomb explosion in Hillah, about 60 miles south of Baghdad on Thursday. A suicide bomber rammed his explosives-laden car into a police checkpoint killing at least 10 people, officials said, the latest episode in an uptick in violence in the run-up to next week's parliamentary elections., According to the Prison Policy Initiative (PPI), a criminal-justice research and advocacy group, the United States has over 2 million people locked up. Once released from prison, many ex-offenders struggle to readjust to everyday life.  What more can be done to get ex-offenders back into society? Give us #YourSay for tonight's show!, Costa Rica's government says it's waiting for the U.S. to explain why it devised a secret "Cuban Twitter" network from inside the Central American nation's borders, despite warnings in 2009 that the plan could jeopardize the two countries' diplomatic relations. Foreign Minister Enrique Castillo said it was "inappropriate" to use his country for developing the primitive social media network, aimed to stir political unrest in Cuba., null, Three American Doctors are dead and one nurse wounded after an Afghan Security Guard opened fire in a hospital early Thursday morning., null, null, China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi and Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner gesture during a working meeting at Government Palace in Buenos Aires on April 23, 2014., null, null, South Korean divers take part in recovery operations at the site of the sunken 'Sewol' ferry off the coast of the South Korean island of Jindo on April 23, 2014. The search for scores of passengers still missing from South Korea's ferry disaster entered a second week on April 23, to the deepening distress of their grieving, angry and frustrated families., Read President Barack Obama comments on the islands at the center of a territorial dispute between China and Japan. And the response from Chinese Foreign Ministry Spokesperson Qin Gang.
http://www.cctv-america.com/obama-u-s-japan-treaty-applies-to-disputed-islands/, Apple increases stock buyback program to $90 billion, raises dividend as revenue growth slows. Apple Genius bar employees assist customers at the company's Fifth Avenue store on Earth Day in Midtown Manhattan on April 22, 2014 in New York City. The store is one of at least 120 Apple stores currently powered by renewable energy. To coincide with Earth Day, Apple announced it's offering free recycling of all of its used products. Employees wore green shirts for the occasion., Smile! U.S. astronaut Rick Mastracchio takes a "#selfie" on April 23, 2014, during a repair mission outside the International Space Station. Mastracchio and U.S. astronaut Steve Swanson stepped out on a brief spacewalk Wednesday to install a backup computer at the International Space Station after one failed earlier this month., Tse Chi-kin, brother of Masa Tse, a victim of the 2010 Manila bus hijacking crisis, speaks alongside hostage survivor Yik Siu-ling and relatives of victims during a press conference in Hong Kong on April 23, 2014. The Hong Kong government said on April 23 a long-running dispute with the Philippines over a deadly hostage crisis had ended following a deal on an apology and compensation., Pittsburgh Pirates pitcher Jason Grilli volunteers at the Greater Pittsburgh Community Food Bank by serving grilled cheese sandwiches to Pittsburgh area food bank clients in honor of National Grilled Cheese Month on April 23, 2014 in Duquesne, Pennsylvania., President Barack Obama confirmed Wednesday that America’s mutual security treaty with Japan applies to the islands at the center of a territorial dispute between China and Japan. What do you make of President Obama’s comments on the Diaoyu Islands? Give us #YourSay! Read More: http://www.cctv-america.com/?p=1723, Unidentified material that washed ashore in southwestern Australia and is being examined for any link to the lost Malaysian plane is unlikely to have come from the jet, an official said Wednesday.The Australian Transport Safety Bureau was scrutinizing photos of the object, which washed ashore 10 kilometers (6 miles) east of Augusta in Western Australia state., Justin Bieber has apologized after posting a photograph that showed him standing in front of the controversial Yasukuni war shrine in Tokyo. He removed the image but only after it had been tweeted to his 51.1 million followers and attracted 660,000 likes on Instagram. Bieber, who recently made a trip to the less politically combustible Universal Studios Japan in Osaka, later said he had been unaware of the shrine's controversial role., U.S. paratroopers walk on the tarmac after being flown into the air base in Swidwin, Poland, on Wednesday, for weeks of joint exercise. Their arrival was requested by #Poland as a way of increasing security at a time of conflict between two of its neighbors- Ukraine and Russia., null, Thanks to all our Facebook fans for taking us over 100,000 LIKES! We appreciate your participation and sharing of our posts. Please SHARE what you'd like to see to make CCTV America even better.  Please follow us on Twitter @cctv_america and our website: www.cctv-america.com., Barack Obama kicked off his trip to Asia on an informal note, joining Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at a famous Tokyo sushi restaurant with hard-to-come-by reservations and a hefty price tag. Obama and Abe greeted each other warmly outside Sukiyabashi Jiro, the underground sushi restaurant run by 88-year-old Jiro Ono.
, The confirmed death toll from South Korea's ferry disaster crossed 156, as dive teams, under growing pressure from bereaved relatives, accelerated the grim task of recovering hundreds more bodies from the submerged vessel. , null, null, Flares light up the sea for search and rescue teams during recovery operations at the site of the 'Sewol' ferry of the coast of the South Korean island on Jindo on April 22, 2014. Divers began to locate bodies on April 19 inside a submerged South Korean ferry as the detained captain defended his decision to delay evacuation of the ship when it capsized nearly four days ago with 476 people on board., null, null, null, null, Ukrainian people attend on April 22, 2014 the funeral ceremony of men killed in a gunfight on April 20, 2014, in the eastern Ukrainian city of Slavyansk . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden met Ukraine's new pro-Western leaders Tuesday to offer firm American backing as Washington and Moscow traded blame over an unraveling peace deal to defuse the country's deep crisis. Under the deal signed by Ukraine, Russia, the United States and the European Union last week, pro-Kremlin rebels holding a string of eastern towns were supposed to disarm and give up the state buildings they have seized., A Chinese Cantonese opera singer prepares her cosmetic hair before performing during the Tin Hau festival on Lamma Island, an outlying island of Hong Kong. Tin Hau, whose birthday is celebrated this year on April 22, is known as the Goddess of the Sea and maintains high popularity ratings amongst Hong Kongers due to the close association between the territory and the sea, two other sea-faring places, Macau and Vietnam also hold Tin Hau in high-regard., Take a look at the Tropical Cyclone Jack churning in the South Indian Ocean. The aerial search for missing Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370 was suspended Aprill 22 due to a tropical cyclone, but not before several aircraft had departed on the mission, Australian officials said. Up to 10 military aircraft had been scheduled to fly over the Indian Ocean in hopes of spotting clues as to the fate of the Boeing 777, which vanished on March 8 carrying 239 people. "Planned air search activities have been suspended for today due to poor weather conditions in the search area as a result of Tropical Cyclone Jack," Australia's Joint Agency Coordination Centre said, adding that 10 ships in the search zone would continue their work., U.S. President Obama will travel through #Asia in the coming days with an aim to reassure partners about the country's renewed commitment to the region. What do you make of Obama's visit to Asia? Give us #YourSay!, null, null, Exclusive: Interview with Gregory Rabassa, who translated #GabrielGarciaMarquez's "100 Years of Solitude" into English., null, Thought video rental stores were dead? Blockbuster, once-dominant in the U.S., was overtaken by online streaming service  Netflix. Now it’s found new life in Mexico. Watch CCTV correspondent John Holman’s full report tonight on #BizAsiaAmerica at 8 PM EST.
See a preview below:, null, null, The ashes of Gabriel García Márquez have been taken to #Mexico City's majestic Palace of Fine Arts, where thousands of admiring readers will pay tribute to the Nobel laureate regarded as the greatest Spanish-language writer in three centuries. What’s your favorite quote from Marquez? Give us #YourSay for tonight's show!, Parents Say 234 Girls Kidnapped from #Nigeria School by Islamic Extremists, Up from 85., Meb Keflezighi wins 2014 #BostonMarathon!, Runners let out a cheer after a moment of silence to mark the time of the bomb blast a year ago as they run down Boylston Street during the 118th Boston Marathon in Boston, Massachusetts April 21, 2014 ., Russian priests hold a ceremony celebrating #Easter in the Cathedral of Christ the Saviour in Moscow early on April 20, 2014., German pianist Davide Martello plays his grand piano outside the regional state building seized by the pro-Russia separatists in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk on April 21, 2014. Davide Martello became known after his piano playing at #Taksim Square in Turkey duringclashes between opposition groups and the police., Russian Premier Dmitry Medvedev, his wife Svetlana and Russian President Vladimir Putin attend the celebration of the Orthodox Easter in Moscow, early on April 20, 2014., Children participate in an Easter egg roll during the annual White House Easter Egg Roll hosted by U.S. President Barack Obama on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, April 21, 2014. The 126th annual White House Easter Egg Roll, the largest annual public event at the White House with more than 30,000 attendees expected, features live music, sports courts, cooking stations, storytelling and Easter egg rolling, with the theme, "Hop into Healthy, Swing into Shape.", Children play on a barricade of pro-Russian supporters outside the regional administrative building seized by separatists in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk on April 21, 2014. U.S. Vice President Joe Biden arrived in Kiev on April 21 in a show of support for the pro-Western government, as Russia accused Ukraine of reneging on an international accord meant to defuse tensions over its separatist east. Biden's two-day visit comes with the clock ticking on a White House warning of further sanctions against Moscow if it fails to implement the agreement hammered out last Thursday in Geneva with Ukraine, the United States and the European Union., U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama speaks alongside President Barack Obama and the #Easter #Bunny during the annual White House Easter Egg Roll on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, April 21, 2014. The 126th annual White House Easter Egg Roll, the largest annual public event at the White House with more than 30,000 attendees expected, features live music, sports courts, cooking stations, storytelling and Easter egg rolling, with the theme, "Hop into Healthy, Swing into Shape.", Meb Keflezighi of the United States crosses the finish line in first place to win the 2014 B.A.A. Boston Marathon on April 21, 2014 in Boston, Massachusetts. Meb becomes the first American winner of the Boston Marathon since 1983. Today marks the 118th Boston Marathon; security presence has been increased this year, due to two bombs that were detonated at the finish line last year, killing three people and injuring more than 260 others., Boats and cranes surround the site of the submerged 'Sewol' ferry off the coast of Jindo on April 21, 2014. South Korean prosecutors said April 21 they had detained four more crew members in a widening investigation into a ferry disaster that left hundreds missing, presumed dead., Ernst F. Van Dyk of South Africa crosses the finish line in first place in the men's wheelchair race during the 2014 B.A.A. Boston Marathon on April 21, 2014 in Boston, Massachusetts. Today marks the 118th Boston Marathon; security presence has been increased this year, due to two bombs that were detonated at the finish line last year, killing three people and injuring more than 260 others., Mercedes AMG Petronas' British driver Lewis Hamilton takes a turn during the Formula One Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai on April 20, 2014., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Watch Live News Here.., Soldiers present wreaths during a mourning ceremony to mark the first anniversary of the Lushan earthquake at the Longxing central school in southwest China's Sichuan Province on Sunday. The 7.0 magnitude earthquake hit Lushan on April 20, 2013, killing 196 people and injuring over 11,000 others., China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi met his Cuban counterpart Bruno Rodriguez Parrilla on Sunday in #Havana.Wang said the meeting was in preparation for the upcoming visit of China's President Xi Jinping to the island. Rodriguez Parrilla thanked Wang for China's support to Cuba, especially in the face of the US trade blockade against the island. China is the country's second largest trade partner after Venezuela., Mercedes AMG Petronas driver Lewis Hamilton of Britain celebrates after winning the Formula One Chinese Grand Prix in #Shanghai. Hamilton captured his third straight Formula One race with ease leading from start to finish to win the Grand Prix. With Hamilton's teammate Nico Rosberg taking second place — the third time in four races this season the pair have finished one-two., Seven of Ukraine's navy ships arrived in Odessa from newly autonomous Sevastopol on Sunday.The ships were handed over as part of ongoing negotiations between Russia and Ukraine,13 ships have now been returned to #Ukraine from Crimea.Tensions seemed to be mounting between Ukraine and #Russia on Sunday after a shootout at a checkpoint set up by pro-Russian insurgents in eastern Ukraine., #Malaysia Airlines says a flight heading to #India made an emergency landing in Kuala Lumpur after it was forced to turn back when its right landing gear malfunctioned.The airline said on its Facebook page that Flight 192 to Bangalore, India, carrying 166 people, landed safely at Kuala Lumpur International Airport at 1:56 a.m. Monday, about four hours after it departed., Four French journalists kidnapped and held for 10 months in #Syria returned home Sunday to joyful families, a presidential welcome and questions about how #France managed to obtain their freedom from Islamic extremists. Edouard Elias, Didier Francois, Nicolas Henin and Pierre Torres were freed Saturday by their kidnappers at the Turkish border. They were captured in two separate incidents last June., It was 15 years ago this weekend that two students opened fire at a Colorado high school, killing 12 of their classmates and a teacher before turning their guns on themselves. The Columbine massacre shocked the small town of Littleton and the rest of the world. Recently, CCTV's Hendrik Sybrandy, who covered the shootings, sat down with the parents of one of the victims. They recounted that day's events and spoke of what, if anything, has been learned since., Officials in the U.S. city of Boston are completing their last minute preparations for the 2014 marathon being held on Monday. At the finish line last year two explosions ended the lives of 3 people and left 260 wounded. This year, even more runners are taking part and security has been increased. CCTV’s Correspondent Daniel Ryntjes reports., Don't miss Full Frame tonight @ 8:00PM EST! , In China’s Sichuan province, One year on from the magnitude-7 earthquake that shook Lushan to the ground, houses are being rebuilt, and migrant workers have gone back to work in the cities. But what about the children who have been left at home by their parents who leave to find work. CCTV’s reporter Liu Yang finds out more about how they are recovering., South Korea Ferry Disaster Residents of city where victims are from in mourning. , Now Live! Tune in!, Oscars of the Car World–New York International Auto Show. Check out who won the awards! CCTV's Michelle Makori reports from New York. ,  An Ohio couple who held hands at breakfast every morning even after 70 years of marriage have died 15 hours apart. Would you like to have a love story like this one? , Profiting in the afterlife? , null, null, null, null, There's been some interesting reaction to Russian President Vladimir Putin's big televised call-in., Tune in! , South Korean news agency Yonhap reports that the captain of the ferry that sank two days ago has been arrested. Yonhap says 68-year-old Lee Joon-seok was detained early Saturday.The ship, sank Wednesday, leaving hundreds missing and feared dead.The investigation into the disaster has focused on the ferry's sharp turn before it started listing, and on whether a quicker evacuation order by the captain could have saved lives., So many choices for social media. Which do you use most? Facebook, Twitter, Weibo or WeChat?  How about Instagram? , null, null, Despite a tentative deal, pro-Russian forces occupying government buildings in more than 10 cities in #Ukraine refuse to leave until the country's interim government resigns., null, null, Nobel Prize-winning novelist Gabriel Garcia Marquez, who was praised as the most popular Spanish writer since Cervantes, died today in Mexico City at the age of 87. Garcia Marquez, a former journalist who was born in Colombia but lived in Mexico for more than 30 years, is best known for his 1967 masterpiece, the epic, hallucinatory novel "One Hundred Years of Solitude"., China's Weibo CEO Charles Chao stands with Robert Greifeld, Nasdaq CEO, moments after Weibo began trading on the Nasdaq exchange under the ticker symbol WB on April 17, 2014 in New York City. Weibo Corp, a Twitter-like messaging service company, priced its initial public offering (IPO) at $17 per American Depository Share (ADS)., Kepler-186f is the first validated Earth-size planet to orbit a distant star in the habitable zone. The hunt for potential life in outer space has taken a step forward, an international team of researchers has confirmed the existence of the first Earth-sized planet within the "habitable" zone of a star. The exoplanet dubbed Kepler-186f was first spotted by scientists using NASA's Kepler telescope, according to research published Thursday in the US journal Science., Easter is coming! LIKE and SHARE! 
Hens's and geese's eggs from the Czech Republic decorated in wax-reserve method are on display at the exhibition "Eggs of the World" on April 16, 2014 at the town museum of Schwabach, southern Germany. During the Easter holidays, from April 18 to 21, 2014, the museum presents around 10,000 egg exhibits from all over the World., Britain's Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, stand outside Blackburn Cathedral with The Dean of Blackburn, The Very Reverend Christopher Armstrong, clergy, Yeomen of the Guard and schoolchildren as she leaves the Royal Maundy Service at Blackburn Cathedral, northwest England on April 17, 2014. Maundy Thursday is the Christian holy day falling on the Thursday before Easter. The Queen commemorates Maundy by offering 'alms' to senior citizens - retired pensioners recommended by clergy and ministers of all denominations, in recognition of service to the Church and to the local Community. During the Royal Maundy Service The Queen distributes the Maundy money to 88 men and 88 women – one for each of The Queen's 88 years. Each recipient receives two purses, one red and one white., UN report says Iran has neutralized half of its uranium stock closest to nuke-arms grade. Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei spoke during a ceremony on the occasion of Iran's national nuclear day in Tehran. Khamenei reiterated his support for ongoing nuclear talks with world powers, while insisting that Tehran's atomic program would carry on., Balal, who killed Iranian youth Abdolah Hosseinzadeh in a street fight with a knife in 2007, is brought to the gallows during his execution ceremony in the northern city of Nowshahr on April 15, 2014. The mother of Abdolah Hosseinzadeh spared the life of her son's convicted murderer, with an emotional slap in the face as he awaited execution prior to removing the noose around his neck., An employee wipes a TV screen in a shop in Moscow, on April 17, 2014, during the broadcast of President Vladimir Putin's televised question and answer session with the nation. Putin accused today Ukraine's new authorities of driving the country towards the abyss but said that dialogue was the only way out of the intensifying crisis., null, A Ukrainian #MIG 295 fighter plane flies above pro-Russian activists blocking a column of Ukrainian men riding on Armored Personnel Carriers in the eastern Ukrainian city of Kramatorsk on April 16, 2014. Ukraine's security service said on April 16 it had intercepted communications showing that Russian commanders in the separatist east had issued pro-Kremlin militants "shoot-to-kill" orders after Kiev launched an operation to oust them., Armed pro-Russia activists block a column of Ukrainian men riding on armoured personnel carrier in the eastern Ukrainian city of Kramatorsk on April 16, 2014. Ukraine's security service said on April 16 it had intercepted communications showing that Russian commanders in the separatist east had issued pro-Kremlin militants "shoot-to-kill" orders after Kiev launched an operation to oust them., South Korean rescue teams, including elite navy SEAL divers, raced on April 16 to find up to 293 people missing from a capsized ferry carrying 459 passengers and crew -- mostly high school students bound for a holiday island., Helicopters arrived to aid 476 passengers and crew aboard a South Korean ferry sinking on its way to Jeju island from Incheon, some 20 kilometres off the island of Byungpoong in Jindo. South Korean coastguard vessels and helicopters pulled passengers off a stricken ferry as it sank on April 16 off the southern coast., null, What is #Bitcoin? Take a look at the history of this crypto-currency that has skyrocketed into history in less than five years. , Exotic cuisine, medical services and even pet groomers--pretty much everything is mobile these days so why not clothes shopping ? Yakenda McGahee reports on a growing U.S. trend-bringing new meaning to the term street style.
, 283 missing, 4 dead in South Korea ferry disaster:, Let's enjoy the moon before, during and after total eclipse over southern California as seen from Los Angeles early on April 15, 2014. The entire event was to be visible from North and South America, but sky watchers in northern and and eastern Europe, eastern Africa, the Middle East and Central Asia were out of luck, according to NASA., #Breaking: South Korea's coast guard has received a distress signal from a passenger ship with about 470 people on board off the southwest coast, an official said on Wednesday, with Korean media reporting the vessel was sinking. 120 have been rescued. Korean television news reports also said many of the passengers on board were students on the way to Jeju island on school trips. Those reports could not be confirmed immediately by the coast guard., null, null, null, null, null, The moon turns a reddish color in the earth's shadow during an eclipse. While all of the event is visible from North and South America, sky watchers in northern and and eastern Europe, eastern Africa, the Middle East and Central Asia will be out of luck, according to #NASA., Quiet and brief,  families and friends of those killed in the Boston Marathon terror bombings, gathered on Boylston Street, where the first blast took place one year ago. Tuesday, people in China paid solemn tributes to Lingzi Lu online–especially on Weibo. Read more:, Ukrainian soldiers stay close to their armored personnel carriers (APC) near Izium on April 15, 2014. Ukraine's acting president accused Russia on April 15 of harboring "brutal plans" to destabilize the southeast of his ex-Soviet country by backing separatist militants. "Russia had and continues to have brutal plans," Oleksandr Turchynov told a session of parliament. "They want to set fire not only to the Donetsk region but to the entire south and east -- from Kharkiv to the Odessa region.", Controversial rocker Ted Nugent tells CCTV: Gabby Giffords gunshot injury to the head disqualifies her from capacity to debate. Watch tonight at 7:20 Eastern time. What restrictions should there be on #gun #ownership? #NRA Comment with #YourSay, The parents of the Boston University student Lv Lingzi killed in the marathon bombings cried during a wreath laying ceremony on the one year anniversary of the 2013 Boston Marathon Bombing, on April 15, 2014 in Boston, Massachusetts. Last year, two pressure cooker bombs killed three and injured an estimated 264 others during the Boston marathon, on April 15, 2013., Second Amendment advocates rally against the NY SAFE Act during a pro-gun rally at the Empire State Plaza in Albany, New York, April 1, 2014. What restrictions should  there be on #gun #ownership? #NRA  Comment with #YourSay, null, Former Boston mayor Thomas Menino, mayor Marty Walsh, U.S. Vice President Joe Biden, Governor Deval Patrick, and Tom Grilk, Executive Director, Boston Athletic Association stand together with members of the victims families during the flag raising ceremony commemorating the one-year anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombings on Boylston Street near the finish line on April 15, 2014 in Boston, Massachusetts. Last year, two pressure cooker bombs killed three and injured an estimated 264 others during the Boston marathon, on April 15, 2013., Did you see it? In this composite photograph the moon during various phases at the beginning, middle and end of a total lunar eclipse April 15, 2014 as seen from Magdalena, New Mexico. While all of the event is visible from North and South America, sky watchers in northern and and eastern Europe, eastern Africa, the Middle East and Central Asia will be out of luck, according to #NASA., Here is a scene from the Chinese silent movie "Pan Si Dong" from the year 1927. Norway will hand to China a copy of "The Cave of the Silken Web", a classic Chinese film that had long thought to be lost, the National Library of Norway said on April 14, 2014., The second episode of Full Frame will feature one of the world's most acclaimed musicians, Yo-Yo Ma. Tune in this Saturday!, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi attend a press conference after their meeting at Diaoyutai Guesthouse in Beijing on April 15, 2014. Lavrov arrives in Beijing for a visit which will include talks with Chinese President Xi Jinping on the escalating crisis in Ukraine., null, Baidu, which operates China's most popular search engine, formally launched its mobile payment platform "Baidu Wallet" on Tuesday. Baidu Wallet provides money transfer, payment and wealth management services.
The launch follows the release of similar products from major rivals, including Tencent's mobile application Wechat Payment last August and Alibaba's Alipay Wallet in January 2013., The family of Martin Richard including Bill Richard, along with Boston mayor Marty Walsh, Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick, and other members of the victims families stand during a wreath-laying ceremony commemorating the one-year anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombings on Boylston Street near the finish line on April 15, 2014 in Boston, Massachusetts. Last year, two pressure cooker bombs killed three and injured an estimated 264 others during the Boston marathon, on April 15, 2013., Taken on November 29, 2013, this is the first prize picture in the #CHIPP competition showing a Filipino woman sitting with relatives on the balcony of her house as everything else is destroyed around her, after the town was devastated by Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippine city of Tacloban. Canadian photographer Kevin Frayer on April 15, 2014 was awarded first prize in the #China International Press Photo (CHIPP) competition, which saw more than 50 winners in 63 categories., People walk past a painted glass part of the exhibition"Gardens of Pleasure: Sex in Ancient China" in Hong Kong on April 15, 2014. Explicit works of Chinese erotic art went on display, as Dutch collector Ferdinand Bertholet aims to bring the lost art of eroticism back to the country., null, Officials: Search area for #MH370 in Indian Ocean is too deep for robotic submarine., null, null, During emergency meeting, #EU adopts new, limited sanctions against #Russia in response to #Ukraine crisis.
, Russia's President Vladimir Putin speaks with Crimean prime minister Sergei Aksyonov during their meeting in Putin's Novo-Ogaryovo residence outside Moscow, on April 14, 2014. Putin is receiving many requests for help from eastern Ukraine, where pro-Moscow protesters have clashed with authorities, and is watching the situation with "great concern", his spokesman said today., Pro-Russian forces have stormed and occupied local government offices, police stations and a small airport in eastern #Ukraine. The Ukrainian government has proved powerless to rein in the separatists. How concerned are you about the escalating tensions in Ukraine? Give us #YourSay!, Protesters hold placards depicting acting Ukrainian Interior Minister Arsen Avakov reading "Avakov - whose side are you on? Either stop separatists or get out!" during their protest action at the ministry in Kiev on April 14, 2014. Protesters demand a stop to the inactivity of the Interior ministry and the Security Service in the eastern part of Ukraine., Children sleep on a mattress in the open sky in Managua on April 14, 2014, as tremors have not stopped in Nicaragua since April 10 when a 6.2-magnitude earthquake hit the country's Pacific region. The quakes that struck #Nicaragua in the past days killed one person, left 40 injured and damaged more than two thousand homes, according to official sources., Winner Wang Yihan of China displays her winning plate with runner-up compatriot Li Xuerui during the OUE Singapore Open badminton tournament women's final on April 13, 2014., Zhang Ziyi poses with her trophy after winning in the Best Actress category next to filmmaker Wong Kar Wai who won Best Director for their film "The Grandmaster" at the 33rd Hong Kong Film Awards in Hong Kong on April 13, 2014. The annual awards are the Hong Kong equivalent to the Oscars and the British BAFTAS., A luxury car drives away from a Embraer executive jet during the Asian Business Aviation Conference and Exhibition (ABACE2014) at the Shanghai Hongqiao airport on April 14, 2014. Private plane ownership in China is still minuscule compared to countries like the United States. State media reported only 150 such aircraft registered in 2011, despite an estimated one million millionaires as a result of the nation's economic boom., Chinese Premier Li Keqiang on Monday met with German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier and stressed the importance of bilateral relations. Li said during the meeting that he expected to co-chair the third round of the China-Germany inter-governmental consultation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel this year. He called for the two sides to work out a long-term outline for bilateral cooperation, strengthen cooperation in manufacturing and emerging industries of strategic importance, and advance bilateral ties to a higher level., null, null, null, null, There’s been so much forgery taking place and so many thefts, the FBI created a special department dedicated to investigating the art crimes. One reason for the increase in art crimes, might be the astronomical sums paintings are selling for these days. , To Algeria where one woman is on a mission to empower her fellow women. Souhila Naddjar, recently returned to Algeria from China after a three month training on the art and technique of Chinese embroidery. She has now taken it upon herself to transfer this knowledge to her female counterparts. And so far the interest in this ancient Chinese art has been astounding. CCTV’s Susan Mwongeli reports. , A fire in Valparaiso, 110 km west of Santiago, Chile, on April 12, 2014. Authorities decreed a red alert for the area after the fire consumed more than 100 houses., A riot policeman hugs an activist who gave him a rose during the National Day of Remembrance and Solidarity with Victims of the Armed Conflict, in Bogota, Colombia on April 9, 2014. In Colombia, the armed conflict which involved leftist guerrillas, right-wing paramilitaries, military and drug gangs has left 6 million affected, of which at least 5 million are displaced according to the most recent UN human rights report., An Indian artist dressed as the Hindu goddess Kali participates in a procession to celebrate the Ram Navami festival in Allahabad on April 8, 2014. Hindu devotees celebrate the festival of Ram Navami, the birth anniversary of Lord Rama, across India, which also marks the end of the nine-day long fasting and Navaratri festival., Malaysian Minister of Defense and Acting Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein answers questions as he provides an update on missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 during the 14th Defense Services Asia Exhibition & Conference at the Putra World Trade Center (PWTC) in Kuala Lumpur on April 13, 2014. The co-pilot of missing Malaysian airliner MH370 attempted to make a mid-flight call from his mobile phone just before the plane vanished from radar screens, a report said on April 12, citing unnamed investigators., Motorcyclists gather to escort the hearse carrying Army Sgt. 1st Class Daniel Ferguson from the funeral to the cemetery on April 12, 2014 in Lakeland, Florida. Ferguson was one of three people killed in the April 2 shooting spree at Fort Hood military base in Texas. He died while barricading a door, keeping the gunman from pushing into a room where others could have been killed., The remains of a FedEx truck, right, and bus, left, involved in Thursday's deadly crash are seen on trucks at the scene of the accident on April 11, 2014 in Orland, California. Ten people were killed and dozens injured, including four still in critical condition, after a FedEx truck collided with a bus of high school students on Interstate 5 yesterday. The students were on their way to visit Humboldt State University in Northern California., Tourists inspect the Yoshino Cherry trees that are blooming in front of the U.S. Capitol in Washington, DC., World War II military history enthusiasts dresses as Red Army soldiers and Nazi Germany troops take part in staged battle outside Simferopol on April 13, 2014, during the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the peninsula's capital Simferopol liberation from Nazi Germany troops in 1944. Crimea's largely Russian-speaking residents voted in March to become part of Russia, in a hastily organised referendum held as Russian troops patrolled the region, A man holds his smartphone displaying the picture of a pro-Russian protester reportedly killed during a shooting between pro-Russian protesters and Ukrainian police special team as the stands on a road in the outskirts of the eastern Ukrainian city of Slavyansk on April 13, 2014. At least two people were killed and nine wounded on Sunday in gun battles between Ukrainian special forces and pro-Kremlin militias that threatened to scuttle the first international talks on the worst East-West crisis since the Cold War. The clashes across the ex-Soviet state's separatist eastern rust belt broke out a day after masked gunmen stormed a series of police and security service buildings in coordinated raids that Kiev blamed on the "provocative activities of Russian special services"., http://www.cctv-america.com/cnn-talks-with-cctvs-jim-spellman-on-how-chinese-media-covered-mh370/#more-1173, Two attacks by Naxals in eastern India’s Chattisgarh has killed 15 people even as voting continues in the general elections. , BREAKING NEWS: 15 injured when passenger train derailed in Northeast China's Heilongjiang Province., Donn't miss the first episode of Full Frame! Watch tonight @ 8PM EST! , In December, Peru will host the 20th annual United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. , null, Heartbleed bug raises privacy concerns around the world.  , Anti-Immigration, anti-Euro, or simply anti-European Union, those are the keys of Europe’s fast rising right wing parties.  With support growing in countries from Austria and Britain to Finland, Far Right politicians now have their sight set on making strong gains in next month European parliament elections. An in depth look at the rise of the Far Right in Europe with CCTV The Heat., The head of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) Christine Lagarde has issued a stern warning to global leaders at the World Bank-IMF spring meetings in Washington, D.C. Lagarde said that leaders across the globe, particularly in the Eurozone, need to do more to deal with the huge government debts as well as bank debts that continue to stall economic recovery and growth. , Opening day post game., null, The United States National Security Agency denies allegations that it knew about and used the #Heartbleed bug, null, null, LIVE in #Caracas plus a new report from #MH370 #Perth. Join us!, This week, Ukraine, Venezuela and the missing plane have been making headlines. We would like you to weigh in on the big stories. From searching the black boxes of the Malaysian plane, to the intense situation in Ukraine, and ongoing protest in Venezuela. Give us #YourSay on what interests you the most!, Cherry blossoms and the Jefferson Memorial are seen April 10, 2014 at the Tidal Basin in Washington, DC. The trees should be at peak bloom over the coming weekend. The first cherry trees were ceremonially planted by First Lady Helen Taft and Japanese Viscountess Iwa Chinda on March 27, 1912. Over 3,000 trees were planted throughout the modern National Mall and Memorial Parks as a gift from Yokohama, Japan to Washington., Cherry blossoms and the Washington Monument are seen April 10, 2014 from the Tidal Basin in Washington, DC. The trees should be at peak bloom over the coming weekend. The first cherry trees were ceremonially planted by First Lady Helen Taft and Japanese Viscountess Iwa Chinda on March 27, 1912. Over 3,000 trees were planted throughout the modern National Mall and Memorial Parks as a gift from Yokohama, Japan to Washington., Cherry trees and the Jefferson Memorial are seen as the sun rises April 10, 2014 at the Tidal Basin in Washington, DC. The trees should be at peak bloom over the coming weekend. The first cherry trees were ceremonially planted by First Lady Helen Taft and Japanese Viscountess Iwa Chinda on March 27, 1912. Over 3,000 trees were planted throughout the modern National Mall and Memorial Parks as a gift from Yokohama, Japan to Washington., A middle-aged woman dressed in wedding costume prepares to have her picture taken at the Grand Generation's Collection 2014 produced by Japanese retailer Aeon in Makuhari on April 11, 2014. The three-day collection will be held until April 13., null, French intelligence warship Dupuy-de-Lome sails through the Boshporus in Istanbul, Turkey, on April 10, 2014, en route to the Black Sea. The United States sent warship USS Donald Cook to the Black Sea in order to reassure European allies in the region. Pentagon spokesman colonel Steven Warren insisted the deployment of the Donald Cook was meant only to reassure regional allies. The Maiden's Tower is at the left., Ukrainian guided-missile cruiser Priluki is towed from Sevastopol's bay to transfer to the Ukrainian Defense Ministry on April 11, 2014. After Moscow's takeover of Crimea last month, tensions have now spread to eastern Ukraine, where militants have stormed a series of strategic government buildings and demanded that Moscow send its troops for support., Chinese soldiers take part in an exercise in Heihe, northeast China's Heilongjiang province., U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and Mongolian Defense Minister Dashdemberal Bat-Erdene participate in a signing ceremony of a joint vision statement at the Mongolian Ministry of Defense April 10, 2014 in Ulan Bator, Mongolia. Secretary Hagel was on the last stop of an Asian trip, the fourth since he took office, to Japan, China and Mongolia., The Chinese national team poses for a photo prior to the first half of the game against the United States during an international friendly match at Qualcomm Stadium on April 10, 2014 in San Diego, California., A Chinese agent smiles as he waits for investors at a European property investment company during the International Property Expo in Beijing on April 11, 2014. Wealthy Chinese will pour AUD$44 billion (US$39.4 billion) into Australian real estate over the next seven years, potentially pushing prices in one of the world's most expensive housing markets even higher. Chinese property investors have been on a international spending spree since the global financial crisis hit most of the world's economies., Chinese President Xi Jinping shakes hands with Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott before their meeting at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on April 11, 2014., People’s Liberation Army–Navy Liaison Officer Commander Lin Wan, transits from Luyang II class Guided Missile Destroyer Haikou (DDG-171) to board HMAS Success for a liaison visit in the southern Indian Ocean during the search for missing Malaysia Airways Flight #MH370. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said he is "very confident" that signals detected in the search for Flight MH370 are from the aircraft's black box, whose batteries are waning fast more than a month after the plane vanished., A Royal Australian Air Force AP-3C Orion from 92 Wing conducts a low level fly by before dropping stores to HMAS Toowoomba during the search for the missing Malaysia Airways Flight MH370. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said he is "very confident" that signals detected in the search for Flight #MH370 are from the aircraft's black box, whose batteries are waning fast more than a month after the plane vanished., null, Starting at 11am. Watch a panel discussion among senior policy-makers and renowned economists as they discuss the relative strengths and weaknesses of the East Asian and Latin American economies. , A shoe was thrown at Hillary Clinton in Las Vegas. 
A woman was taken into custody after throwing the shoe at Clinton during Las Vegas speech at an Institute of Scrap Recycling Industries meeting at the Mandalay Bay Hotel & Casino. Clinton dodged the flying object and replied with a witty comeback. "Is that somebody throwing something at me? Is that part of Cirque du Soleil?" Later she replied, "My goodness, I didn't know that solid waste management was so controversial. Thank goodness she didn't play softball like I did.", #BREAKING: Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott says searchers confident signals are coming from missing plane's black box. Commander James Lybrand, Mission Commander on the Australian Defence Vessel Ocean Shield watches Mike Unzicker from Phoenix International monitors the feed from the towed pinger locator during the search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 in the southern Indian Ocean., null, Former Astronaut Chris Hadfield has orbited the Earth hundreds of times. He’s the first ever Canadian to walk in space. 
And, he spent 144 days on board the International Space Station. During his stay there he became one of the best known astronauts of all time.
Watch live on CCTV America: http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews/ He’s brought back some amazing stories and insight. , null, null, What's the future of publishing industry?

The search for the next publishing sensation, and digital business model, dominated the agenda at the opening day of the annual London Book Fair on Tuesday. The head of the industry trade body warned that simply "turning a book into a PDF" was not innovative enough to capture readers' imaginations and sales." said Richard Mollet, chief executive of the Publishers Association., Nepalese Hindu devotees pull a wooden chariot as they take part in Bisket Jatra, a festival held in celebration of the Nepalese New Year in Bhaktapur, some 12 kms east of Kathmandu on April 10, 2014. The festival, which began April 10, is celebrated for nine days by the ethnic Newar community in Bhaktapur., IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde speaks during a media briefing at the IMF Headquarters, on April 10, 2014 in Washington, DC. Director Lagarde spoke about their agenda for the 2014 Spring Meetings that are taking place now and will end on Sunday., Russian SU-27/30, SU-24 and MiG-31 fighter jets sit on a tarmac at Buturlinovka Air base, 150 km to the Ukrainian border. #NATO should redeploy its forces in eastern Europe and make the Black Sea region a priority after Russia's annexation of Crimea, Romania's foreign minister urged., Israeli police use a "skunk" water cannon containing a malodorant substance to disperse Ultra-Orthodox Jews during a demonstration against compulsory military service in Jerusalem on April 10, 2014. Hundreds of demonstrators gathered in the ultra-Orthodox neighborhood of Mea Sharim stopped traffic and threw stones and bottles at police as that five of them were arrested. The demonstration came a month after Israeli MPs voted through a law which will compel ultra-Orthodox Jews to either serve in the military or perform civilian service., Pro-Russian demonstrators dressed in Soviet military uniforms shout slogans as they take part in a rally in the southern Ukrainian city of Odessa on April 10, 2014. Russian President Vladimir Putin threatened on April 10 to cut off Ukraine's gas unless Europe drummed up the cash to help cover its debts in an intensifying standoff over the splintered ex-Soviet state., U.S. President Barack Obama arrives with First Lady Michelle Obama to speak at the Lyndon B. Johnson Presidential Library April 10, 2014 in Austin, Texas, during a civil rights summit to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act of 1964., Former U.S. Senator Tom Daschle, Lynda Bird Johnson Robb, Chuck Robb, a former Virginia governor and U.S. Senator, and Maria Shriver join others singing "We Shall Overcome" while waiting for U.S. President Barack Obama to speak at the Lyndon B. Johnson Presidential Library April 10, 2014 in Austin, Texas. Obama is attending a Civil Rights Summit to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act of 1964., Policemen search the wreckage of a booby-trapped car that exploded outside the Bank of Greece on April 10, 2014 in Athens. The blast did not injure anyone as police had time to clear the area but it shattered a euphoric climate cultivated for the long-awaited bond sale., A balloon vendor and a child look at a mobile phone as she waits for customers along a road in the central business district in Beijing on April 10, 2014. China's exports slumped 6.6 percent to 170.11 billion U.S. dollars in March, customs data showed on Thursday, raising fresh concerns over the health of the trade sector and strength of the country's economy. General Administration of Customs (GAC) spokesman Zheng Yuesheng played down any concerns about exports, attributing the drop to a high base figure in the corresponding period last year., Student protesters withdrew from Taiwan's legislative building on Thursday evening, ending their three-week occupation of the site prompted by controversy over a cross-Strait service pact., null, null, A Royal Australian Air Force AP-3C Orion flies past Australian Defence Vessel Ocean Shield on a mission to drop sonar buoys to assist in the acoustic search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 in the southern Indian Ocean. Two fresh signals have been picked up Australian ship Ocean Shield in the search for missing Malaysian flight MH370, raising hopes that wreckage will be found within days even as black box batteries start to expire., U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel meets with Chinese President Xi Jinping at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on April 9, 2014. Hagel is on the second stop of an Asian trip, the fourth time since he took office, to Japan, China and Mongolia., null, U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel has lunch with students at the mass hall of the Non-Commissioned Officer Academy during a tour in Changping District of Beijing on April 9, 2014., Models showcase lingerie by a Chinese brand at the start of Shanghai Fashion Week in Shanghai on April 9, 2014. Shanghai Fashion Week runs from April 9th-17th., U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel watches a short film about the Non-Commissioned Officer Academy during a tour in Changping District of Beijing on April 9, 2014. Hagel is on the second stop of an Asian trip, the fourth time since he took office, to Japan, China and Mongolia., A hole in a widely used encryption technology has given hackers a way to infiltrate many of the world’s largest websites and download sensitive information from servers without leaving a trace. The threat, known as “Heartbleed,” went undetected for more than two years.  How concerned are you about cyber security? Give us #YourSay !, Car bombs hit several mostly Shiite neighborhoods of #Baghdad and a town south of the Iraqi capital on Wednesday, killing at least 34 people and wounding dozens, officials said, the latest bout of violence ahead of the country's first parliamentary elections since the 2011 U.S. troop withdrawal. No group immediately claimed responsibility for the attacks., Ukrainian acting Interior Minister Arsen Avakov said Wednesday that the separatist protests in #Ukraine's eastern region would be resolved within 48 hours either through negotiations or the use of force Meanwhile, #Russia insisted that the presence of its troops just over the border was no reason to worry. The United States has accused Russia of fomenting the separatist unrest as a pretext for military intervention., A bomb ripped through a fruit and vegetable market on the outskirts of the Pakistani capital of #Islamabad on Wednesday morning, killing at least 21 people and leaving dozens more wounded.The massive blast was the latest attack to shake #Pakistan even as government negotiations with the Taliban pick up pace in an attempt to resolve years of deadly fighting that has killed tens of thousands of people in the northwest., One of football’s biggest living legends says he is looking forward to this year’s World Cup. Pele spoke with CCTV America about seeing Brazil back on the world’s stage. , Multiple  injured in stabbing at a Pennsylvania High School , null, null, null, null, null, A man took hold of the woman at the Kunming News Center in China's Kunming City, Yunnan Province on April 8th, 2014. He then held the sharp cleaver against her throat while he was surrounded by police who cordoned off the area and attempted to negotiate with the man. Police officers eventually tackled him to the ground. The woman was then rushed to hospital after fainting. A police officer was also injured tackling the man., Chinese President Xi Jinping Tuesday held talks with his Israeli counterpart Shimon Peres, calling for tangible progress in Israel-Palestine peace talks at an early date.
On the Israel-Palestine peace talks, Xi said the talks have entered a crucial phase with chances and difficulties coexisting. China hopes that the Israeli side can take the whole picture of peace into consideration, show strategic wisdom and make brave decisions to work for tangible results at an early date. China will make a constructive contribution to the peace talks as always, he said., Search crews will send submarine to check if sounds are from black boxes on missing jetliner., Chinese relatives of passengers on the missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 pray in front of candles at the Metro Park Hotel in Beijing on April 8, 2014., U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Chinese Minister of Defense Chang Wanquan review a guard of honor during a welcome ceremony prior to their meeting at the Chinese Defense Ministry headquarters in Beijing on April 8, 2014. "China has indisputable sovereignty over the Diaoyu Islands, the Nansha Islands and their surrounding seas," Chang said, adding that China hopes to appropriately resolve disputes through negotiations and consultations with countries directly concerned., Chinese President Xi Jinping shakes hands with East Timor's Prime Minister Xanana Gusmao before their meeting at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on April 8, 2014. Gusmao is here ahead of the Boao Forum for Asia (BFA) annual conference., U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and Chinese Minister of Defense Chang Wanquan attend a news conference at the Chinese Defense Ministry headquarters in Beijing on April 8, 2014. China will not compromise on issues regarding territory and sovereignty, Defense Minister Chang Wanquan said on Tuesday after he held talks with visiting U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel., Able Seaman Clearance Divers from the Australian Defense Vessel Ocean Shield scan the water for debris of the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight #MH370 in the southern Indian Ocean. The hunt for underwater signals from missing Flight MH370 is likely to continue for days before a robot submersible is deployed to comb the seabed, the Australian search chief said on April 8, 2014., A People's Liberation Army Air Force Iluyshin IL-76 aircraft prepares for departure to the search area in the southern Indian Ocean for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight #MH370, at the Perth international Airport. The hunt for underwater signals from missing Flight MH370 is likely to continue for days before a robot submersible is deployed to comb the seabed, the Australian search chief said on April 8, 2014., U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and U.S. Ambassador to China Max Baucus listen during a meeting with Chinese Minister of Defense Chang Wanquan at the Chinese Defense Ministry headquarters in Beijing on April 8, 2014., Tune in to #BizAsiaAmerica tonight for Day 2 Coverage of the IMF-World Bank Spring Meetings!
, In Donetsk, Ukraine, a Pro-Russian activist wears a hand-made mask behind a barricade in front of the regional administration building, which had been seized by pro-Russian protesters. NATO warns Russia that intervention in Ukraine will be a "historic mistake" with severe consequences.  What do you make of the chances of a civil war in Ukraine? Give us #YourSay, Pro-Russian militants guard a barricade in front of the Donetsk regional administration building after Ukraine mounted a counteroffensive. Hundreds of militants remained held inside the Donetsk administration building a day after proclaiming the creation of an independent "people's republic." Protesters continue to demand that an independence referendum be held before May 11., On April 8, 2014, Britain's Queen Elizabeth II walks with President of Ireland Michael D. Higgins and his wife Sabrina during a ceremonial welcome at Windsor Castle, West of London. Higgins arrived in London on Monday ahead of the first state visit by a president of the republic since it gained independence from neighboring Britain. The visit comes 3 years after Queen Elizabeth II made a groundbreaking trip to the republic, which helped to heal deep-rooted unease and put British-Irish relations on a new footing., null, null, null, Tune in to Biz Asia America tonight for Day 1 Coverage of the IMF-World Bank Spring Meetings!, #LIVE now. @CCTV_America now begins at 6pm est.  Watch our @Livestream , null, On April 7, 2014, Russian Orthodox Patriarch Kirill releases a white dove to mark Annunciation Day in the Kremlin in Moscow., On April 7, 2014, South African Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius reacts as he listens to evidence by a pathologist during his trial in court in Pretoria. As the defense opens its case, the 27-year-old Paralympian will give the court his first account of why he shot dead his model girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in the early hours of Valentine's Day in 2013., People attend the Boston Marathon memorial exhibition, "Dear Boston: Messages from the Marathon Memorial," at the Boston Public Library April 7, 2014 in Boston, Massachusetts. Three spectators were killed and more than two hundred sixty injured when two bombs exploded on Marathon Monday, which prompted a massive manhunt for suspects later identified as Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, two brothers from Chechnya, living in Cambridge, Massachusetts., Chinese relatives of passengers on the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 take part in a prayer service at the Metro Park Hotel in Beijing on April 8, 2014. The hunt for physical evidence that the Malaysia Airlines jet crashed in the Indian Ocean more than three weeks ago has turned up nothing, despite a massive operation involving seven countries and repeated sightings of suspected debris., A pace car leads the field during the #NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Duck Commander 500 at Texas Motor Speedway on April 7, 2014 in Fort Worth, Texas., Pedestrians approach a wreath where flowers are placed on one of the late Mickey Rooney's Hollywood Walk of Fame Star on Vine Street in Hollywood, California, on April 7, 2014. Rooney, a beloved US child star and comic actor and one of Hollywood's most enduring denizens whose career began in the silent film era, died on April 6 at the age of 93., Make sure to tune in today at 6pm est. Or watch our livestream at cctv-america.com/livenews., On April 6, leading candidates in Afghanistan's presidential election voiced concern that voting was tainted by fraud, a day after millions defied Taliban threats and turned out to choose a successor to President Hamid Karzai. World leaders praised the courage of Afghan voters, who casted their ballots in force despite bad weather and violent intimidation campaigns. Pictured are Afghan workers arranging ballot boxes at an Independent Election Commission office in Herat. What’s your take on the turn out in Afghanistan’s election? Give us #YourSay, On April 7, 2014, U.S. President Barack Obama speaks during a visit to Bladensburg High School in Maryland. Obama announced the winners of a competition that was launched last fall to bring together educators and employers to give students access to real-world career skills and college-level courses. A total of $107 million will be awarded across the country to this partnership. Bladensburg High school is being awarded 7 million., Pakistani media representatives and civil society activists hold posters bearing the image of German photographer Anja Niedringhaus, who was killed in an attack in Afghanistan, during a protest to condemn attacks against media in Islamabad on April 7, 2014. An Afghan police commander on April 4 shot dead a German photographer working for the Associated Press on the eve of presidential elections, in an attack that left a Canadian colleague wounded. The journalists were shot in their car in the eastern Khost province as they reported on distribution of ballot papers for the election to choose a successor to President Hamid Karzai., A giant flag covers the outfield as the national anthem is played before the home opener between the New York Yankees and the Baltimore Orioles on April 7, 2014 at Yankee Stadium in the Bronx borough of New York City., People hit each other with pillows during an event dubbed International Pillow Fight Day next to the Washington Monument in Washington on April 5, 2014. The event, which was created in 2008, claims worldwide participation of over 80 cities for the 2014 edition., Blossoms are seen in front of a banner on the World Bank headquarters building on April 5, 2014 announcing the annual International Monetary Fund/World Bank Spring Meetings in Washington. The meetings run from April 11-13., People enjoy the sunny weather along the banks of the Potomac river in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington as springtime makes a late appearance in the U.S. capital on April 6, 2014., Cats are prepared to be spayed or neutered at the Washington Human Society (WHS) Spay and Neuter Center on April 6, 2014 in Washington, DC. The feral cats are trapped, either spayed or neutered and the released back into the community. The ultimate goal is to reduce the number of unwanted animals entering adoption centers. The cost of each and every surgery is subsidized by WHS., A woman stands inside her damaged house in Arica, 2050 km north of Santiago on April 5, 2014. Life was gradually returning to normal in quake-hit Chile, officials said on the eve, with power restored to a majority of homes that lost electricity during this week's massive 8.2 magnitude temblor. The April 1st earthquake killed six people and forced thousands to evacuate, especially in coastal areas vulnerable to flooding and tsunamis., Britain's Prince William and his wife Catherine, carrying baby Prince George arrive at the international airport in Wellington on April 7, 2014. William, Kate and their son Prince George are on a three-week tour of New Zealand and Australia., Flood waters run past damaged homes in the Solomon Islands' capital Honiara on April 4, 2014. Flash flooding killed at least three people and left 10,000 homeless in Honiara on April 4, with another 30 missing and the death toll expected to rise, aid workers said., Britain's Prince William and his wife Catherine meet a #Maori warrior during a welcoming ceremony at Government House in Wellington on April 7, 2014. Britain's Prince William, his wife Kate and their son Prince George are on a three-week tour of New Zealand and Australia., People hit each other with pillows during the fourth international pillow fight day in Hong Kong on April 5, 2014. Some two hundred people formed a sea of pillows and loose feathers as they went at each other while wearing a colorful assortment of pajamas., The NDV Ocean Shield has detected new underwater signals consistent with aircraft black boxes, the search chief said on April 7, 2014, describing it as the "most promising lead" so far in the month-old hunt for missing Flight MH370., Angus Houston, head of the Joint Agency Coordination Center leading the search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370, displays a graphic of the search area during a media conference in Perth on April 7, 2014. An Australian navy ship has detected new underwater signals consistent with aircraft black boxes, Houston said on April 7, describing it as the "most promising lead" so far in the month-old hunt for missing Flight MH370., U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel arrives at Beijing International Airport on April 7, 2014. Hagel is on an Asian trip, the fourth time since he took office, to Japan, China and Mongolia., Official says search ship has detected signals consistent with transmissions from black boxes., Malaysian Buddhists offer prayers for passengers of flight MH370 in Kuala Lumpur on April 6, 2014. A Chinese ship searching the Indian Ocean for the missing plane detected a signal at a frequency used by the missing aircraft's black boxes, however, Australia warned there was no evidence yet that it was linked to the plane., Rwanda's President Paul Kagame meets UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon in Kigali to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the Rwandan genocide., Rwanda calls on France to face the "difficult truth" of its role in the 1994 genocide, amid a diplomatic spat ahead of commemorations marking the 20th anniversary of the killings. On the eve of the start of a national mourning period marking the 20th anniversary of the 1994 genocide against the Tutsi in Rwanda, people gather and pray inside an Evangelical restoration church on April 6, 2014 in Kigali., From April 7 to 11, the Netherlands serves as the partner country of the 2014 trade fair, which presents a cross section of key industrial technologies. Shown here is Dutch illusionist Hans Klok performing during the opening of the industrial trade fair in Hanover, Germany., A demonstrator takes part in a protest against Venenzuelan President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas on April 6, 2014. The Government of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro on Sunday rejected the statements of Spanish Foreign Minister Jose Manuel Garcia-Margallo, who said that "the climate of reconciliation has been broken" in Venezuela as the wave of opposition protests continues in the South American country., On April 6, 2014, Pro-Russian supporters clash with members of the riot police as they storm the regional administration building in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk. Approximately 50 protesters chanting "Donetsk is a Russian city!" broke through police lines and stormed inside the main administration building of the eastern Ukrainian city. The activists moved away from a crowd of about 2,000 rallying on the main city square and threw firecrackers at police surrounding the government seat before raising the Russian flag above the building., CCTV’s Sean Callebs interviews Mr. Deng Xijun, Ambassador of the People's Republic of China to Afghanistan, on Mes Aynak and Reconciliation., null, Pulse signals picked up by Haixun-01 being verified: JACC, Missing Plane is an unprecedented aviation mystery , Afghans Await the Election Results. It may have felt, a bit more like a police state — than a democracy — But on this day no one complained about the heavy police presence. CCTV's Sean Callebs reports from Kabul. , MORE: Xinhua News Agency reports Chinese aircraft spots new floating objects in search of #MH370, Xinhua News Agency reports Chinese aircraft spots new floating objects in search of #MH370, #Ukraine’s economy  on verge Of bankruptcy, null, U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel is enroute to Asia for a ten day visit after meeting with the defense ministers from the Association of South East Asian Nations in Hawaii., null, null, null, The sun sets behind the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial during a candlelight vigil and wreath laying to honor and remember the life of Dr. King on the anniversary of his assassination, on April 4, 2014 in Washington, DC. It was 46 years ago today on April 4, 1968, the civil rights leader was hit by a sniper's bullet while standing on the balcony in front of his room at the Lorraine Motel in Memphis Tn., Afghan villagers strap election materials to donkeys as they head back to their village along a country road high in the mountains of Shutul District in northern Afghanistan on April 4, 2014. Afghans will vote on April 5 in the country's third presidential election to choose a successor to Hamid Karzai, who has led the country since the fall of the Taliban in 2001. How do you think this election will impact Afghanistan? Comment to give us #YourSay!, Young football players take a break from a training session on March 16, 2014 in the Gikondo neighbourhood of Kigali. Twenty years after the Rwandan genocide ravaged the country, Santos, a football coach here, says "the different ethnic groups play amongst each other, without even thinking about it", something he sees as a sign of progress in country., null, General Mark Milley, III Corps and Fort Hood Commanding General, speaks to press during a press conference on April 3, 2014 in Fort Hood, Texas. The investigation continues into why Lopez did the shooting on the base, killing 3, wounding 16 before killed himself., A man wearing the outfit of iconic movie villain Darth Vader, who announced he was running for president as the official candidate of the Ukrainian Internet Party (UIP), meets with Ukrainian soldiers within a protest action in front of the Central Election Commission building in Kiev on April 3, 2014. The Sith Lord, or at least an unnamed protester dressed up as him who has often been seen on Kiev's Independence Square during the winter protests flanked by his loyal Stormtroopers, has been chosen as the official candidate of the Ukrainian Internet Party (UIP) which has become known for its theatrical public stunts. Ukraine is holding a snap presidential election on May 25, 2014 after parliament ousted pro-Moscow leader Viktor Yanukovych following months of protests., Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff poses with workers during a visit to the construction site of the metro station Sao Conrado in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on April 2, 2014., A child looks at a polar bear during the opening day of the new polar area at the zoo of Mulhouse on April 2, 2014., null, null, AP Photographer Anja Niedringhaus was killed on April 4, 2014 when an Afghan policeman opened fire while she was sitting in her car with a colleague in eastern Afghanistan. Niedringhaus an internationally acclaimed German photographer, was killed instantly, according to an AP Television freelancer who witnessed the shooting. AP's chief on killing of photojournalist @NiedringhausAP: "We are heartbroken at her loss.”, A close friend and colleague of slain Afghan AFP reporter Sardar Ahmad, thanks those who attended a candle light vigil, on a hill overlooking Kabul on March 26, 2014. Hundreds of well-wishers turned up to remember Sardar, his wife and two of their children who were killed in a Taliban attack less than a week ago. Four teenage gunmen with concealed pistols carried out a raid on the prestigious Serena hotel just weeks before Afghanistan votes for a successor to President Hamid Karzai in a poll the Taliban had vowed to disrupt. Sardar Ahmad, 40, his wife Homaira, six-year-old daughter Nilofar and five-year-old son Omar were among nine civilians to have lost their lives in the assault., People take in the view at the top of Primrose Hill in London on April 3, 2014, as the city below lies shrouded in pollution. A combination of local emissions, light winds and pollution from continental Europe, compounded with dust blown from the Sahara, has prompted health warnings about poor air quality across southern and central England., Malaysian activists hold banners during a protest accusing U.S. news channels of unprofessional reporting on missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, outside the U.S. Embassy in Kuala Lumpur on April 3, 2014. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak vowed on April 3 "we will not rest" until the fate of Flight MH370 is known, as Australia called it "the most difficult search in human history"., Crew members monitor TAC stations onboard a RNZAF P3 Orion during search operations for wreckage and debris of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 in the Southern Indian Ocean, near the coast of Western Australia on April 4, 2014. A U.S. Navy "black box" detector made its much-anticipated debut in the oceanic hunt for flight #MH370 on April 4 but Australia's search chief warned it was crunch time with the box's signal set to expire soon., null, null, null, The interim government is accusing ousted President Viktor Yanukovych and his administration of ordering snipers to shoot people during protests. , All details about Cuba's "twitter" right now! Watch online!, Argument may have preceded deadly Fort Hood attack., An investigative report by The Associated Press found that the U.S. government was behind the creation of the "Cuban Twitter" designed to undermine the communist government in #Cuba.  SHARE #YourSay: What do you think about the U.S. interference  in Cuba?, null, null, null, null, null, All-clear sirens sound at Fort Hood as lockdown lifted hours after shooting at Texas Army post. @USArmy @forthood Law enforcement officials say 4 people killed in Fort Hood shooting, including the gunman., null, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama plants Lincoln oats with Silas Stutz, from Bancroft Elementary School, and Dynasty Meade, from Friendship Public Charter Elementary, as they plant the 6th annual White House Kitchen Garden at the White House in Washington, DC, April 2, 2014., U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel receives an update on the phone after a report of a shooting at Ft. Hood, Texas, while he is touring the the USS Anchorage (LPD-23), an amphibious transport dock ship, with his counterparts from Southeast Asia April 2, 2014 at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam in Honolulu, Hawaii. Secretary Hagel is in Hawaii to host a meeting of defense ministers from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) on April 1 to 3., U.S. President Barack Obama pauses as he makes a statement to the press on April 2, 2014 in Chicago, Illinois, on the shooting at the Fort Hood military base in Texas. One person was killed and 14 others wounded April 2, 2014 in a shooting incident at Fort Hood, a US official said., The Fort Hood military base in #Texas ordered all staff to take shelter April 2, 2014 amid media reports of an active shooting situation that had left several people wounded., null, Texas sheriff's office says US Army's Fort Hood reports 'active shooter;' sending help. A spokesman for the base said an “incident” was under way but declined for provide additional information., Damaged cars in Iquique, northern Chile, on April 2, 2014 a day after a powerful 8.2-magnitude earthquake hit off Chile's Pacific coast., Chile's President Michelle Bachelet arrives at the airport of Iquique, in northern Chile, on April 2, 2014 a day after a powerful 8.2-magnitude earthquake hit off Chile's Pacific coast., People walk along a cracked road in Iquique, northern Chile, on April 2, 2014 a day after a powerful 8.2-magnitude earthquake hit off Chile's Pacific coast. An 8.2-magnitude earthquake hit Chile late Tuesday, killing at least six people and generating tsunami waves that might ripple as far as Indonesia., Sunken fishing boats are seen on April 2, 2014 at the Riquelme Cove, in Iquique, northern Chile, after a powerful 8.2-magnitude earthquake hit off Chile's Pacific coast. An 8.2-magnitude earthquake hit Chile late Tuesday, killing at least six people and generating tsunami waves that might ripple as far as Indonesia., The British nuclear submarine HMS Tireless approaches the port of Gibraltar. The protracted search for missing Flight MH370 was boosted on April 2, 2014 with the arrival of British nuclear submarine HMS Tireless in the Indian Ocean, ahead of a visit to Australia by Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak., Malaysian jet mystery may never be solved: Read More http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=7552, A police brigadier-general was killed when three bombs went off near #Cairo University, Egyptian state media say. At least five other people were injured in these attacks. The first two bombs went off within minutes of each other, with the third coming about two hours later. #Egypt has witnessed several attacks against government targets by militant groups following the ousting of the Muslim Brotherhood last July., A suicide bomber wearing a military uniform killed six police officers on Wednesday inside the heavily fortified Interior Ministry compound in the heart of #Kabul, authorities said.It is the latest in a wave of violence as the #Taliban threatens to disrupt this weekend's presidential election. Within minutes of the blast, Taliban spokesman Zabihullah Mujahid claimed responsibility for the attack., In his first interview since fleeing to #Russia, Ukraine's ousted President said Wednesday that he was "wrong" to have invited Russian troops into #Crimea and vowed to try to persuade Russia to return the coveted Black Sea peninsula. Defensive, Viktor Yanukovych told Russia's state television that he still hopes to negotiate with Russian President Vladimir Putin to get the annexed region back., Chile’s President Michelle Bachelet flew on Wednesday to the coastal city of Iquique to review damage caused by an earthquake in the area. http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=7546, More than three weeks after the plane disappeared, Malaysian authorities have released a transcript of the audio communications between the cockpit and air traffic controllers. http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=7469, Chile has declared two northern regions hit by a 8.2 magnitude earthquake to be disaster areas. READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=7501, A major earthquake of magnitude 8.2 struck off the coast of Chile on Tuesday, triggering a tsunami that hit the northern part of the country, but the government said there was no serious damage and no reports of deaths. Locals gather on the street following a tsunami alert after a powerful 8.2-magnitude earthquake hit off Chile's Pacific coast, on April 1, 2014 in Antofagasta., Locals gather on the street following a #tsunami alert after a powerful 8.2-magnitude earthquake hit off Chile's Pacific coast, on April 1, 2014 in Antofagasta. A tsunami warning has been issued for Chile, Peru and Ecuador, US officials said., Firefighters try to extinguish a fire on a restaurant by the sea shore after a powerful 8.2-magnitude earthquake hit off Chile's Pacific coast, on April 1, 2014 in Iquique., Chile's emergency office: Earthquake has caused landslides which are partially blocking some roads and highways. Locals sit on the street following a tsunami alert after a powerful 8.2-magnitude earthquake hit off Chile's Pacific coast, on April 1, 2014 in Antofagasta., A man stares at a restaurant by the sea shore burning after a powerful 8.2-magnitude earthquake hit off Chile's Pacific coast, on April 1, 2014 in Iquique. A tsunami warning has been issued for Chile, Peru and Ecuador, U.S. officials said. The quake struck at a depth of 10 kilometers (6 miles), 83 kilometers from Iquique on Chile's northern coast, the United States Geological Survey (USGS) said., Locals take refuge at the city stadium following a tsunami alert after a powerful 8.2-magnitude earthquake hit off Chile's Pacific coast, on April 1, 2014 in Iquique. A tsunami warning has been issued for Chile, Peru and Ecuador, U.S. officials said. The quake struck at a depth of 10 kilometers (six miles), 83 kilometers from Iquique on Chile's northern coast, the United States Geological Survey (USGS) said., Locals take refuge at the city stadium following a tsunami alert after a powerful 8.2-magnitude earthquake hit off Chile's Pacific coast, on April 1, 2014 in Iquique. A tsunami warning has been issued for Chile, Peru and Ecuador, U.S. officials said. The quake struck at a depth of 10 kilometers (six miles), 83 kilometers from Iquique on Chile's northern coast, the United States Geological Survey (USGS) said., Locals stand in the street following a tsunami alert after a powerful 8.0-magnitude earthquake hit off Chile's Pacific coast, on April 1, 2014 in Iquique. A tsunami warning has been issued for Chile, Peru and Ecuador, US officials said. The quake struck at a depth of 10 kilometers (six miles), 83 kilometers from Iquique on Chile's northern coast, the United States Geological Survey (USGS) said., Locals prepare to leave the place following a tsunami alert after a powerful 8.0-magnitude earthquake hit off Chile's Pacific coast, on April 1, 2014 in Iquique. A tsunami warning has been issued for Chile, Peru and Ecuador, US officials said. The quake struck at a depth of 10 kilometers (six miles), 83 kilometers from Iquique on Chile's northern coast, the United States Geological Survey (USGS) said., #Earthquake off cost of #Chile http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=7434, #BREAKING #Tsunami #Warning: Chile, Peru, Ecuador. Tsunami Watch in Effect: Colombia, Panama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua. U.S. Geological Survey @USGS says magnitude 8.0 earthquake strikes in Pacific near northern Chilean coast. 
Let's us know if you are in the area. We'd like to hear from you. Be safe., #BREAKING U.S. Geological Survey @USGS says magnitude 8.0 earthquake strikes in Pacific near northern Chilean coast.
#Tsunami #Warning: Chile, Peru, Ecuador. Tsunami Watch in Effect: Colombia, Panama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua. U.S. Geological Survey @USGS says magnitude 8.0 earthquake strikes in Pacific near northern Chilean coast.
Let's us know if you are in the area. We'd like to hear from you. Be safe., #BREAKING  U.S. Geological Survey @USGS says magnitude 8.0 earthquake strikes in Pacific near northern Chilean coast.
Let's us know if you are in the area. We'd like to hear from you. Be safe., Russian soldiers stand near a trainload of their modified T-72 tanks after their arrival in Gvardeyskoe railway station near the Crimean capital Simferopol, on March 31, 2014. The Crimean crisis has sparked the most explosive East-West confrontation since the Cold War and fanned fears in Kiev that Russian President Vladimir Putin now intends to push his troops into southeast Ukraine., Bolivian Aymara natives attend the inauguration of the first Bolivian communication satellite ground control, in Amachuma, 25 kilometers southeast from La Paz, and at 4,000 m above sea level, on December 2, 2013. The satellite will be launched from China next December 20., People look at fish shaped balloons hovering over water spurts from a fountain on April 1, 2014 in Nice, on the French Riviera., On Tuesday, April 1st, Japan introduced new rules on arms trade in a strategic move supporters claim may boost Tokyo's global role. This included a lift on a self-imposed ban on weapons exports. What do you think of Japan joining the global arms trade? Give us #YourSay!, Cherry trees about to bloom are seen at the Tidal Basin on April 1, 2014 in near the Jefferson Memorial in Washington, DC. The National Park Service predicts that the peak bloom will occur between 8-12 April., The giant panda Hao Hao enjoys bamboo at Pairi Daiza animal park in Brugelette, Belgium., US F15C Eagle jet fighters fly over air force base during the Lithuanian-NATO air force exercise at the air force base near Siauliai Zuokniai, Lithunaia, on April 1, 2014. The air training event will involve F-15C Eagle of the US Air Force currently deployed on NATO’s Baltic Air Policing mission, JAS-39 Gripen aircraft of the Swedish Air Force, C-27J Spartan transport aircraft and Mi-8 helicopter of the Lithuanian Air Force. Furthermore, NATO Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS) aircraft based in Germany and US KC-135R air refuelling aircraft are expected to join the exercise., Here is a flowering bulb field in Lisse, The Netherlands, on April 1, 2014. Lisse is in the heart of the bulb flowering business and exports the product in large quantities to over a hundred countries around the world., The military register of alleged Knights Templar drug cartel leader Enrique "Kike" Plancarte is shown on a screen during a press conference at the Interior Ministry in Mexico City, on April 1, 2014. The cult-like gang's financial chief, was gunned down on March 31, 2014 after authorities tracked him down in the central Queretaro state, authorities said on Tuesday. Vigilante militias that formed a year ago to kick the cartel out of towns in Michoacan, the western state where the Knights Templar are based, had named Plancarte as one of the gang's top leaders that they wanted to see taken down., U.S. President Barack Obama is accompanied by Vice President Joe Biden as he speaks on the Affordable Care Act at the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, DC, on April 1, 2014. Obama cheered seven million people who signed up for insurance under his health care law, and lashed out at political foes who he said were bent on denying care to Americans., Queen Mathilde of Belgium, Chinese President Jinping Xi, King Philippe of Belgium and the wife of the Chinese President, Peng Liyuan, take part in a ceremony after a visit to the historical city of Brugge, on April 1, 2014. Chinese President Xi Jinping is visiting Belgium from March 30 to April 1., null, null, null, A report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (#IPCC) warns that global warming is leading humanity down a risky, dangerous path. Plants and animals, both on land and in the acidifying oceans, would be the first to suffer, the report says. And current problems, such as poverty, sickness, violence and refugees, would be exacerbated. How concerned are you about climate change? Give us #YourSay!, null, Kerry flew into Tel Aviv on his latest mission to salvage peace talks after the Palestinians rejected an Israeli proposal for extending negotiations. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry was welcomed by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Jerusalem on March 31, 2014., U.S. Marines take a position as South Korean policemen stand guard to block protesters during a joint landing operation by U.S. and South Korean Marines in Pohang, 270 kilometers southeast of Seoul, on March 31, 2014., Russian Soldiers Bring Tanks Near Crimea Capital  http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=7279 , Queen Mathilde of Belgium, Chinese President Xi Jinping, King Philippe of Belgium and Chinese First Lady Peng Liyuan pose for a family photo before attending a state dinner at the Royal Castle in Laken-Laeken, Brussels, on March 31, 2014. Chinese President Xi Jinping is on a three-day visit to Belgium., North Korea Announced Live-fire Drill near South Korean Border http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=7276 , Visitors tour a lemur enclosure as part of a 'Lemur Week Kick-Off' ceremony at the Duke Lemur Center on March 31, 2014 in Durham, North Carolina., A mother whale and her calf were dragged on board a Japanese ship after being harpooned in Antarctic waters. The UN's top court on March 31, 2014 ordered Japan to end its annual Antarctic whale hunt, saying in a landmark ruling that the program was a commercial activity disguised as science., Activists say it is make-or-break for the giant marine mammal's future. Australia in 2010 dragged Japan to the Hague-based International Court of Justice (ICJ), accusing Tokyo of exploiting a loophole by hunting whales as scientific research, despite a 1986 ban on commercial whaling., Japanese whaling fleet's harpoon vessel Yushin Maru No. 2 with a minke whale in the Southern Ocean. The UN's top court on March 31, 2014 ordered Japan to end its annual Antarctic whale hunt, saying in a landmark ruling that the program was a commercial activity disguised as science. Japan responded by saying it would respect the International Court of Justice order to end its annual Antarctic whale hunt, despite "deep disappointment" with the landmark decision., Soldiers of the newly founded Ukrainian National guard, take part in military exercises on the shooting range not far from Kiev on March 31, 2014 in the presence of the speaker of the parliament and interim Ukrainian president. Ukraine on Monday reported a gradual withdrawal of Russian troops from its border that may be linked to Washington's latest push for a diplomatic solution to the worst East-West standoff since the Cold War., European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso welcomes Chinese President Xi Jinping on March 31, 2014 2013 for a working session at the EU Headquarters in Brussels. Chinese President Xi Jinping began on March 30 a state visit to Belgium, punctuated by a historic visit to the EU, at the conclusion of his European tour marked by a harvest of commercial contracts., Chinese relatives of passengers from missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 offer prayers at a Buddhist temple in Petaling Jaya on March 31, 2014. Australian premier Tony Abbott said on March 31 there was no time limit on the search for MH370 and that the world deserved to know what happened, as a ship equipped to locate the "black box" prepared to set sail., China seeks resolution with the Philippines through dialogue. China says it will not accept international arbitration filed by the Philippines on the South China Sea. China urged the Philippines to adhere to their earlier consensus and the Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea, using bilateral talks to resolve disputes. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said the direct cause of the dispute was the Philippines’ illegal occupation of some Chinese islets. He added that China held a clear and consistent stance. It has indisputable sovereignty over the Nansha Islands and its adjacent waters. This is the Philippine Navy vessel grounded since 1999 to assert their nation's claim over a remote South China Sea reef. Philippine soldiers aboard a fishing vessel engaged on March 29 in a stand-off with Chinese coastguard ships., Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan bow during a ceremony at the Unknown Soldier monument on March 30, 2014 at the Congress Column in Brussels. Chinese leader Xi Jinping began a three-day visit to Belgium Sunday on the last leg of his European tour that will include meeting the Belgian royals and seeing giant pandas ahead of an historic EU visit, the first ever by a Chinese president., Chinese President Xi Jinping, his wife Peng Liyuan, King Philippe of Belgium and Queen Mathilde of Belgium visit the Chinese pandas at the Pairi Daiza animal park, on March 30, 2014, in Brugelette. Chinese President Xi Jinping is visiting Belgium from March 30 to April 1., Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott stands with leaders of international military operations currently based in Australia searching for missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370, in front of a Royal Australian Air Force P-3C Orion search aircraft during a visit to RAAF Base Pearce at Bullsbrook, Western Australia on March 31, 2014. All evidence pointed to Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 being lost in the Indian Ocean, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said, backing his Malaysian counterpart's view that the plane had crashed. The flight between Kuala Lumpur and Beijing vanished on March 8 and more than three weeks later no debris has been found of the aircraft which was carrying 239 passengers and crew., How do you like your hot pot? People enjoy hot pot food at a hot pot museum and factory in Chongqing. Hot pot originated a century ago as a low-brow meal for peasants squatting by the river to cook ox tripe and other offal, but has since followed China into prosperity., A piece of unknown debris floats just under the water in this image taken onboard a Royal New Zealand P3 Orion while it searches for missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370, over the Indian Ocean on March 31, 2014. No time limit will be imposed on the search for MH370 because the world deserves to know what happened, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said., Ever seen these antique hot pots at a hot pot museum and factory in Chongqing? Hot pot originated a century ago as a low-brow meal for peasants squatting by the river to cook ox tripe and other offal, but has since followed China into prosperity., A Chinese relative of passengers from missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 prays before a meeting at the Metro Park Lido Hotel in Beijing on March 31, 2014. The hunt for physical evidence that the Malaysia Airlines jet crashed in the Indian Ocean more than three weeks ago has turned up nothing, despite a massive operation involving seven countries and repeated sightings of suspected debris., A Royal New Zealand Air Force P3 Orion crew has a briefing prior to departing for the search area to help find missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, at Pearce Air Base in Bullsbrook, 35 kms north of Perth, on March 31, 2014. No time limit will be imposed on the search for #MH370 because the world deserves to know what happened, Australian Prime MinisterTony Abbott said, as a ship equipped to locate the plane's "black box" prepared to set sail., A Morpho peleides butterfly sits on the nose of a child in the Natural History Museum's 'Sensational Butterflies' outdoor butterfly house in London on March 31, 2014., During their demonstration against the Viktor Orban leaded government and his policy, participants of the opposition rally help colored papers to create a giant Hungarian tricolor as sympathizers and party members of the opposition party attend in front of the building of the Hungarian State Opera in Budapest downtown on March 30, 2014.The general election will be held on April 6 in Hungary., http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=7209 , 2 Spanish journalists were taken hostage in Syria by an Al-Qaeda-linked group. They walked free after 6 months in captivity and headed back to Spain today. Epinosa and Vilanova were seized on September 16 as they tried to cross the Syrian border to Turkey., During a rally of Costa Rican presidential candidate for the Partido Accion Ciudadana (Citizenship Action Party) Luis Guillermo Solis, a young girl waves a flag along the streets of Coronado, San Jose on March 30, 2014. It is still unclear who Solis will face in the runoff presidential election next April 6, following the decision by Partido Liberacion Nacional (National Libertation Party) candidate Johnny Araya to stop campaigning and step down., On March 30, 2014, Rugby players in New Zealand perform the "haka" after their victory over England in the final match on the final day of the three-day rugby sevens tournament at Hong Kong Stadium., Supporters of Marseille's mayor celebrate after his re-election, following the second round of the French municipal elections on March 30, 2014 in Marseille, France., Easter Island is renown for its hundreds of giant carved stone statues. However, what many do not realize is that this mysterious island once had a thriving culture with a lush paradise. http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=7014, More than 1,400 police officers and Brazilian Marines have entered a massive complex of shantytowns near Rio de Janeiro, in efforts to get rid of gangs and drug traffickers before the 2014 World Cup. http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=7203, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry traveled to Paris for a last minute meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrovas in order to discuss the situation in the Ukraine. They shake hands before negotiations at the Russian Ambassador's Residence in Paris, on March 30, 2014., In Cairo, Egypt, supporters the prospective Egyptian presidential candidate, Hamdeen Sabbahi, display a banner supporting his cause. The Egyptian army chief, Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, is assured of winning Egypt's forthcoming presidential vote. Nevertheless, this is at the cost of reviving the era of strongman rule as he faces a dilapidated economy and rising militancy., CCTV's James Chau sits down with Malaysia's Defense Minister to discuss the latest in the search for #Malaysias Airlines flight 370. What the interview at this link on CCTV America., 
Cuba has approved a new law that will make the island more attractive to foreign investment. Read More: bit.ly/1gDsx8d, Election Commission Headquarter Attack in Kabul. CCTV's Sean Callebs reports from Kabul. ,  Cities around the world switch off lights for the annual #EarthHour2014. Take a look at some photos: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=7153, With less than 80 days before the World Cup kicks off, Brazil still has a lot of work to do. The recent December deadline for stadium readiness was missed and at least three venues are still facing problems. http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=7047, A magnitude-4.1 aftershock has rattled parts of Southern California where a moderate quake occurred the day before. More: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=7130, The political stalemate continues in Taiwan over a service trade deal with mainland China. Protesters opposed to the deal have vowed to escalate their “war” with the government, calling for a huge rally this weekend. CCTV’s correspondent Peggy Wang takes a closer look at why the deal is opposed by some in Taiwan. http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=7109, President Xi Jinping is in Berlin on the third leg of his European tour. Germany is China’s biggest trade partner in Europe and both sides have been strengthening those ties. http://bit.ly/1rQhZ9U, A child looks on at lit candles to mark Earth Hour in Manila on March 29, 2014. Lights will go out in some 7,000 cities and towns from New York to New Zealand for #EarthHour which this year aims to raise hundreds of thousands of dollars for green projects., http://bit.ly/Qriut9, null, Investigators moved their search focus for flight #MH370 to a new area. All details on our news hour. Watch online: bit.ly/MaSZcs, Five aircraft spotted many objects of various colors during Friday’s search for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 over the southern Indian Ocean, the Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA) announced. http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=6969, President Barack Obama  is urging Russian President Vladimir Putin to pull back Russian troops from the border with Ukraine. More: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=7010, Easter Island is most famous for its hundreds of giant stone statues. But what many don’t know is that this isolated island was once a lush paradise with a thriving culture that nearly vanished. Learn more about the history of Easter Island this Sunday on #AmericasNow!, Retired basketball star Yao Ming joins NBA Commissioner Emeritus David Stern to discuss the role that basketball has played in U.S.-China relations. Yao also sits down with CCTV America for an exclusive interivew. Watch and follow CCTV America for updates!, null, A new show is coming to CCTV-America on April 12th!
"Full Frame" aims to be a vehicle for bringing attention to the humanitarian work and causes that world leaders, celebrities, musicians, professional athletes, authors, innovators, intellectual luminaries, industry leaders and politicians have embraced in their time away from the media spotlight., null, null, Chinese honor guards hold caskets containing the remains of Chinese soldiers during the handing over ceremony of the remains at the Incheon International Airport in Incheon on March 28, 2014. The remains of 437 Chinese soldiers killed during the 1950-53 Korean War were transferred from the temporary columbarium in South Korea to the airport on March 27 to be returned to China., U.S. President Barack Obama disembarks from Air Force One upon his arrival at King Khalid International Airport in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, on March 28, 2014. Obama arrived in Riyadh for talks with Saudi King Abdullah as mistrust fueled by differences over Iran and Syria overshadows a decades-long alliance between their countries., null, The limousine with Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan is escorted by police from Berlin Tegel airport on March 28, 2014. Chinese President Xi Jinping begins a landmark visit to fellow export powerhouse Germany Friday, the third leg of his European tour, expected to cement flourishing trade ties., Chinese ambassador to South Korea, Qiu Guohong covers caskets containing the remains of Chinese soldiers with a Chinese national flag during the handing over ceremony of the remains at the Incheon International Airport in Incheon on March 28, 2014. The remains of 437 Chinese soldiers killed during the 1950-53 Korean War were transferred from the temporary columbarium in South Korea to the airport on March 27 to be returned to China., Chinese President Xi Jinping stands by his wife Peng Liyuan as she signs in the guests book upon arrival at the Schloss Bellevue presidential residency in Berlin on March 28, 2014. Chinese President Xi Jinping begins a landmark visit to fellow export powerhouse Germany Friday, the third leg of his European tour, expected to cement flourishing trade ties and focus on the Crimea crisis., Russia's President Vladimir Putin arrives for a meeting with the newly promoted top officers from various branches of the Russian armed forces and Interior Ministry at the Kremlin in Moscow, on March 28, 2014. Putin congratulated today the Russian armed forces for their role in the takeover by Moscow of Crimea from Ukraine, saying they had shown the new capacities of the Russian army., null, null, null, null, Australia says search area for Malaysian airliner MH370 has shifted because of new 'credible lead'. Flight lieutenant Jayson Nichols looks at a map as he flies aboard a Royal Australian Air Force AP-3C Orion aircraft searching for the missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 over the southern Indian Ocean on March 27, 2014., null, null, A war veteran helps set up 1,892 American flags on the National Mall in Washington, DC, on March 27, 2014. The Iraq and Afghanistan veterans installed the flags to represent the 1,892 veterans and service members who committed suicide this year as part of the "We've Got Your Back: IAVA's Campaign to Combat Suicide.", A Siberian tiger lies on its back in its enclosure at Berlin's Tierpark zoo on March 27, 2014., The Netherlands' Queen Maxima, with on her right the chairman of the Board of Directors Leonard Geluk, talks to a student during her visit to ROC Midden-Nederland in Utrecht on March 27, 2014. The regional education center ROC celebrates it's tenth anniversary., People hold fake satellite dish to protest against the installation of MUOS, an array of communication satellites developed by the U.S. Department of Defense on the sidelines of the visit of U.S. President Barack Obama in Rome on March 27, 2014 near the U.S. Embassy., A young Pakistani girl drinks from a hand pump in Lahore on March 27, 2014. More than 2.5 billion people are in need of decent sanitation and nearly one in 10 has yet to gain access to "improved" drinking water, as defined under the UN's 2015 development goals., Two dromedaries bask in the sun at Berlin's Tierpark zoo on March 27, 2014., Former Ukrainian prime minister and opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko speaks during a press conference in Kiev on March 27, 2014. Ukraine's formerly jailed divisive opposition icon Yulia Tymoshenko completed an improbable return to politics on March 27 after her release on February 22 by confirming plans to run for president in elections on May 25., A Russian national flag and partly seen flag of Russian airborne forces fly above a former Ukrainian military base in Perevalnoye, near the Crimean capital Simferopol, on March 27, 2014. Ukraine asked today the UN General Assembly to deter the risk of any future Russian aggression by adopting a resolution denouncing its annexation of Crimea., Supporters of the right wing party Pravyi Sector (Right Sector) block the entrance to the Ukrainian parliament during a protest in Kiev on March 27, 2014. Hundreds of Ukrainian far-right nationalists rallied outside the parliament building in Kiev Thursday night, smashing windows and demanding the interior minister's resignation, days after police shot dead one of their leaders. Elite police on Monday killed Oleksandr Muzytchko, the regional leader of Pravy Sektor, in a shootout that erupted during a raid to arrest him in the western city of Rivne., Members of youth honor guard take part in the changing of the guard ceremony at the Soviet-era World War II memorial in the Crimean port of Sevastopol on March 27, 2014. The Crimean crisis has sparked the most explosive East-West confrontation since the Cold War and fanned fears in Kiev that Russian President Vladimir Putin now intends to push his troops into southeast Ukraine., Russian soldiers stand near a tank outside a former Ukrainian military base in Perevalnoye, near the Crimean capital Simferopol, on March 27, 2014. Ukraine asked today the UN General Assembly to deter the risk of any future Russian aggression by adopting a resolution denouncing its annexation of Crimea., Russian naval flag is seen on a mast of the 'Khmelnitsky' former Ukrainian corvette, moored in the bay of the Crimean port of Sevastopol on March 27, 2014. Ukraine's maritime forces have been severely diminished by the Russian intervention in Crimea after they lost 12 of their 17 warships to Moscow, including the 'Khmelnitsky' corvette, defense analysts Jane's said yesterday., A young woman walks in the Crimean capital Simferopol, on March 26, 2014. U.S. President Barack Obama said today Russia stood "alone" on the Ukraine crisis as he paid his first ever visit to European Union headquarters, cementing Western opposition to the takeover of Crimea., Russia's President Vladimir Putin meets Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in the Novo-Ogaryovo residence outside Moscow, on March 27, 2014. Putin said today Russia should create its own national payment settlement system, in a bid to reduce economic dependence on the West amid the controversy over Moscow's seizure of Crimea., Chinese President Xi Jinping, his wife Peng Liyuan and Junior Minister for War Veterans Kader Arif arrive to lay a wreath of flowers at the tomb of the Unknown Sodier in Paris, on March 27, 2014. Deal-making and commemorations of a half-century of French diplomatic ties with Communist China were the order of business during Xi's three-day visit, part of his European tour., Chinese President Xi Jinping lays a wreath of flowers at the tomb of the Unknown Sodier in Paris, on March 27, 2014. Deal-making and commemorations of a half-century of French diplomatic ties with China were the order of business during Xi's three-day visit, part of his European tour., French designer French Yves Beaujard presents the commemorating stamps he designed to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the diplomatic relations between France and China on March 27, 2014 in Paris., Here is the commemorating stamps designed to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the diplomatic relations between France and China., Chinese President Xi Jinping delivers a speech at the foreign ministry on March 27, 2014, in Paris. After a day devoted to multi-billion-dollar business deals, Chinese leader Xi Jinping trained his sights on culture and history Thursday on the last day of his visit to France. Yet business was still the talk of the day at an economic forum on the margins of the three-day state visit, as French Finance Minister Pierre Moscovici called for more Chinese investment in France in a bid to boost jobs and growth., null, Peng Liyuan, Chinese President Xi Jinping's wife, has been named by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) as a Special Envoy for the Advancement of Girls’ and Women’s Education.

“A child’s first teacher is its mother. Making sure that mothers are educated means we can lift more people out of poverty and build a more inclusive and sustainable society.” said Peng Liyuan.

Peng Liyuan is currently serving as a World Health Organisation ambassador to tackle HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis., #BREAKING - UN General Assembly approves resolution calling Russian annexation of Ukraine's Crimea illegal (via AP).

Photo: Russian ambassador to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin speaks at United Nations headquarters, Thursday, March 27, 2014., Thai satellite detects at least 200 objects near search area for missing Malaysian jetliner. This handout picture received from the Malaysian Remote Sensing Agency (MRSA) on March 27, 2012 shows imagery taken on March 23 by a French satellite showing more than 100 floating objects (within highlighted boxes) in the remote southern Indian Ocean, sparking fresh hopes of a breakthrough in the search for missing Malaysia Airlines jet Flight 370 that vanished on March 8 with 239 passengers and crew on board. Thunderstorms and gale-force winds threatened to impede a frantic international search on March 27 for wreckage from Flight MH370 after satellite images of more than 100 floating objects sparked fresh hopes of a breakthrough., null, null, Egyptian students who support the Muslim Brotherhood and ousted Islamist president Mohamed Morsi clash with riot police following a demonstration outside Cairo University on March 26, 2014. The demonstration was organised to protest against a court ruling that sentenced to death 529 Islamists for the murder and attempted murder of several policemen during riots in the southern city of Minya on August 14., U.S. President Barack Obama smiles before delivering a speech at the Palais des Beaux-Arts (Palace of Fine Arts - BOZAR) in Brussels on March 26, 2014. Obama said Russia stood "alone" on the Ukraine crisis as he paid his first ever visit to European Union headquarters, cementing Western opposition to the takeover of Crimea., Supporters of dismissed opposition deputy Maria Corina Machado take part in a protest against the Venezuelan government in Caracas on March 26, 2014. On Monday, National Assembly president Diosdado Cabello announced that a prominent opposition deputy, Maria Corina Machado, had lost her seat and parliamentary immunity, and could be arrested at any time., Original artwork by Cliff Wright shows the "Flying Car Scene" for the cover of "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets" at the Nate D. Sanders auction in Los Angeles, California on March 26,2014. The auction ends on March 27th. The minimum bid for the artwork is $20,000., Relatives of passengers on the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 attend a meeting with delegates from Malaysia at the Metro Park Lido Hotel in Beijing on March 26, . Malaysia Airlines told relatives of those on board a jet that crashed in the Indian Ocean that they would be brought to the "recovery area", as the search goes on for wreckage., A ground crew directs a Royal Australian Air Force AP-3C Orion upon its returns to RAAF base Pearce from searching for the missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 over the southern Indian Oceanat in Bullsbrook on March 26, 2014. Planes and ships converged on the southern Indian Ocean on March 26, resuming the hunt for wreckage from Malaysia Airlines Flight #MH370 after weather conditions improved, as grieving passengers' families demand answers about the ill-fated jet., French President Francois Hollande shakes hands with Chinese President Xi Jinping, at the end of a joint press conference, after a meeting at the Elysee presidential palace on March 26, 2014, in Paris, as part of Xi Jinping's three-day state visit to France. China and France are expected to sign scores of business deals on the first full day of President Xi Jinping's state visit Wednesday after he was wined and dined in the gastronomic capital of Lyon., An elderly Chinese man returns from a shopping trip with his dog Duoji who is pulling a small cart in Beijing on March 26, 2014. Dog ownership is popular among China’s elderly and the growing middle class., Chinese President Xi Jinping delivers speech during his visit at the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology research of multinational biotechnology company BioMerieux, on March 26, 2014 in Marcy l'Etoile near Lyon, as part of his three-day state visit to France., A Chinese llyushin lL-76 aircraft is moved past other aircraft at Perth International Airport on March 26, 2014. Planes and ships converged on the southern Indian Ocean on March 26, resuming the hunt for wreckage from Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 after weather conditions improved, as grieving passengers' families demand answers about the ill-fated jet., A performer wearing a Cantonese opera costume stands by some of the captains of the rugby teams competing in the upcoming Hong Kong Rugby Sevens tournament on March 26, 2014. The 2014 edition of the Hong Kong Sevens, a seven-a-side rugby union tournament, will be held from 28–30 March at the Hong Kong stadium., U.S. first lady Michelle Obama is greeted by #Tibetan students as they arrive at a Tibetan restaurant for lunch in Chengdu in southwest China's Sichuan province on March 26, 2014. Michelle Obama arrived in China on March 20 with her mother and daughters to kick off a seven-day, three-city tour where she will focus on education and cultural exchange., U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama and her mother Marian Robinson use a pole to feed apples to giant pandas during their visit to Giant Panda Research Base in Chengdu, Sichuan province on March 26, 2014. Michelle Obama arrived in China on March 20 with her mother and daughters to kick off a seven-day, three-city tour where she will focus on education and cultural exchange., Visitors look at an artwork by Bernard Rancillac entitled "Vive la république populaire de Chine" (Long live the People's Republic of China) during the 'Art Paris Art Fair', in Paris, on March 26, 2014., Chinese President Xi Jinping lays flowers on March 26, 2014 by a portrait sculpture of French General and politician Charles de Gaulle, flanked by the general's nephew Bernard de Gaulle, grandson Yves de Gaulle, French Foreign minister Laurent Fabius and the Fondation's president Jacques Godfrain during a visit to the Fondation Charles de Gaulle in Paris, as part of his three-day state visit to France., French President Francois Hollande welcomes Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan as they arrive for a state dinner at the Elysee presidential palace on March 26, 2014. France and China signed some 50 deals worth 18 billion euros ($25 billion) during a visit by Chinese President Xi Jinping, French leader Francois Hollande said on March 26., Airbus President and Chief Executive Officer Fabrice Bregier and CASC president Li Hai exchange files as French president Francois Hollande and Chinese President Xi Jinping look on during a signing ceremony at the Elysee presidentiel palace on March 26, 2014, in Paris, as part of Xi Jinping's three-day state visit to France. China and France are expected to sign scores of business deals on the first full day of President Xi Jinping's state visit today after he was wined and dined in the gastronomic capital of Lyon., A Danish zoo on Wednesday defended its decision to kill two aging lions and two cubs, citing the risk of inbreeding and the arrival of a new male. This week's cull has put the #Copenhagen Zoo on the defensive again, a month after it infuriated animal rights activists by killing a healthy giraffe, dissecting it in public and feeding it to the lions., null, #Breaking: Egypt's military chief el-Sisi says he has resigned from military and will run for president.

"I give up the uniform to defend the nation.", A Turkish court overturned the ban on #Twitter imposed by the government five days ago, according to a Turkish news agency. The court declared a temporary injunction, demanding the government controlled telecoms authority lift the ban on the social networking site.Twitter also filed petitions for lawsuits that would challenge the ban on its website in #Turkey, the company said., null, null, It's the last day of First Lady Michelle Obama's trip to China, and she couldn't leave without one final stop: the Chengdu Panda Base.   http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=6698, As the crisis over Ukraine continues, how are those affected coping with the situation? http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=6680, As death toll rises, search for survivors in Washington mudslide continues. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=6652,  A satellite scanning the Indian Ocean for remnants of a missing jetliner found a possible plane debris field containing 122 objects, a top Malaysian official said Wednesday, calling it "the most credible lead that we have. Read More:
http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=6643, Authorities say 2 new bodies recovered from mudslide, 8 more believed to be found. A search and rescue worker looks for survivors in the aftermath of a mudslide on March 25, 2014 in Oso, Washington. A massive mudslide on March 22 has killed at least 16 now and left many missing., null, null, Wildlife Response team clean and take vital signs of a Lesser Scaup duck on March 25, 2014 in Baytown, Texas. Eight birds of different species were brought to Wildlife Response for treatment after 160,000 gallons of oil spilled from a barge in Galveston Bay on March 22, 2014., Darrington High School students in a leadership class were given the day off to volunteer at the Darrington Fire Station, assisting in any way they could, including washing fire equipment , March 25, 2014 in Darrington following the landslide on March 22, 2014 in nearby Oso in rural Washington state. The death toll from a devastating landslide remained at 14 but was expected to rise with more than 150 people listed missing, as the National Guard joined the massive rescue effort., Russian Soyuz-FG rocket with the Soyuz TMA-12M spacecraft and a crew of U.S. astronaut Steven Swanson, Russian cosmonauts Alexander Skvortsov and Oleg Artemyev aboard, blasts off from a launch pad at the Russian-leased Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan, early on March 26, 2014. A crew of two Russian cosmonauts and an American astronaut blasted off today from Kazakhstan on a Russian Soyuz rocket for the International Space Station, with U.S.-Russia space cooperation pressing on despite the diplomatic standoff over Ukraine., Aerial view of the Stillguamish River and SR 530 taken near Oso, Washington, on March 22, 2014. The death toll from the devastating U.S. landslide remained at 14 on March 25, 2014, but was expected to rise with more than 150 people listed missing, as the National Guard joined the massive rescue effort. The number of people unaccounted for after Saturday's disaster in the tiny town of Oso in Washington state still stood at 176, although officials stressed that the figure should not be taken as a death toll., Fingerling Chinook salmon jump out of the water as they are dumped into a holding pen after being transferred from a truck into the Sacramento River on March 25, 2014 in Rio Vista, California. As California continues to suffer through its worse drought in history, low water levels on the Sacramento River have forced wildlife officials to truck more than 400,000 fingerling Chinook salmon from the Coleman National Fish Hatchery in Anderson to the Sacramento River in Rio Vista, a nearly 300 mile journey. The fish usually make the trip on their own but would risk be targets of predator fish., Sri Lankan Buddhist monks look on while offering prayers during a ceremony involving Buddhist monks at Independence Square in Colombo on March 25, 2014, seeking a defeat of a US-led resolution calling for an international war crimes investigation against the island's authorities. The UN Human Rights Council is set to take up the resolution calling for an international investigation this week., null, U.S. House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, IMF President Christine Lagarde and Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) participate in a toast during an annual Womens History Month reception honoring Yellen March 25, 2014 on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC., After a day-long pause due to heavy rain, rough seas and gale-force winds, the search has resumed for missing flight #MH370, the Australian Maritime Safety Authority says., Elaine Young hugs her dog, Bo, days after a mudslide narrowly missed her home on March 25, 2014 in Oso, Washington. The massive mudslide killed at least fourteen and left many missing, and Young has assisted in the search and rescue efforts., A bouquet of flowers atop a damaged farming vehicle in the aftermath of a mudslide and related flooding on March 25, 2014 in Oso, Washington. A massive mudslide on March 22 has killed at least fourteen and left many missing., An estimated 7 million people died due to air pollution globally in 2012, with more than half of the deaths linked to indoor smoke from cook stoves, according to a report by the World Health Organization. A Seoul-commissioned study in late 2011 said the wind from South Korea’s northwest is responsible for nearly half of the microscopic particular matters in Seoul’s air, blown in from heavily-industrialized northeastern China and fast desertifying Mongolia. The study said the other half originated locally or from neighboring municipalities., A Malaysian woman reads a board filled with messages for the passengers of missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 at Kuala Lumpur Intenational Airport (KLIA) in Sepang on March 25, 2014. Malaysia drew criticism on March 25 for its announcement that missing passenger jet MH370 had been lost at sea, even before any wreckage was found., U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama performs "tai chi" with students from the Chengdu No. 7 High School in Chengdu in China's southwest Sichuan province on March 25, 2014. Michelle Obama arrived in China on March 20 with her mother and daughters to kick off a seven-day, three-city tour where she will focus on education and cultural exchange., Bayern Munich's midfielder Thomas Mueller speak to the fans after the German first division Bundesliga football match Hertha BSC Berlin vs FC Bayern Munich in Berlin's Olympic Stadium on March 25, 2014. Bayern Munich won the match 1-3 securing them the Bundesliga title again this season., U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama sits in class with students at the Chengdu No. 7 High School in Chengdu in China's southwest Sichuan province on March 25, 2014. Michelle Obama arrived in China on March 20 with her mother and daughters to kick off a seven-day, three-city tour where she will focus on education and cultural exchange., Malaysian Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein delivers his statement on the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 at the Putra World Trade Center (PWTC) in Kuala Lumpur on March 25, 2014. Malaysia drew criticism on March 25 for its announcement that the missing passenger jet had been lost at sea, even before any wreckage was found., A Malaysia Airlines plane prepares to go onto the runway and pass by a stationary Chinese Ilyushin 76 aircraft at Perth International Airport on March 25, 2014. Wild weather halted the search on March 25 for wreckage from the Malaysia Airlines jet that crashed into the Indian Ocean, frustrating attempts to determine why it veered off course and bring closure to grieving relatives., Crew members on board an RAAF AP-3C Orion crossing the coast of Perth just completed an 11 hour search mission for missing Malaysia Airways flight #MH370 before landing at the RAAF Pearce airbase in Perth. The air and sea search for Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 that crashed in the Indian Ocean was suspended on March 25 due to gale force winds, rain and big waves, the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said., Trees blossom near a section of the old city wall as heavy air pollution again descends upon Beijing on March 25, 2014. Chinese companies have offered up a fresh idea to help pollution-weary travelers while cashing in on public concerns over dirty air at the same time with smog insurance. The country's top online travel agency and leading insurer "started to sell haze travel insurance", state-run media reported., China's President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan wave as they arrive at the Lyon Saint-Exupery Airport for a state visit in France, on March 25, 2014., China's President Xi Jinping and French Foreign Affairs minister Laurent Fabius review the troops at the Lyon Saint-Exupery Airport for a state visit in France, on March 25, 2014. Xi Jinping arrived in France for a 3-day-state-visit., Honour guards prepare to leave after the arrival of China's President Xi Jinping at the Lyon Saint-Exupery Airport, on March 25, 2014. Xi arrived in France for a three-day state visit., A Kurdish couple looks at each other romantically in front of a Newroz fire, as they celebrate the Kurdish New Year, on March 21, 2014, in the southeastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir. Newroz, which means "new day" in Kurdish and marks the first day of Spring, is also celebrated in Iran, Afghanistan, Azerbaijan, Albania, Bahrain, Armenia, Georgia, Turkmenistan, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan, as well as among various other Iranian and Turkish peoples in Iraqi Kurdistan, Syria, Lebanon, Pakistan, India, northwestern China, the Caucasus, the Crimea, and the Balkans., Take a look at the blue flame of burning sulfur at the crater of the Kawah Ijen #volcano in Banyuwangi regency, East Java province. The natural phenomenon which can be seen at night is caused by sulfuric gases from the volcano which ignite into blue flames when they come into contact with the air., Disney said Monday that it is buying YouTube channel operator Maker Studios for $500 million as the family entertainment giant seeks to stay in front of younger viewers who are increasingly watching short videos online.It's the latest and largest acquisition of a YouTube channel network by a major #Hollywood studio and represents another vote of confidence in the video service as an incubator of talent., The leader of #Egypt's outlawed Muslim Brotherhood and 682 others went on trial on Tuesday on charges including murder, a day after more than 500 supporters of deposed Islamist president Mohamed Mursi were sentenced to death. The mass trials and death sentences are the biggest in Egypt's modern history., Drone. It’s a word normally associated with high-risk military operations and tactical air drops. But in Lima, Peru, these remotely controlled machines are being used for a profession that some might find surprising: archeology. Read More: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=6038, null, A sailor was fatally shot at the USS Mahan at Naval Station Norfolk, the world's largest naval base. Security forces have killed a male civilian suspect while the base was briefly on lockdown. No other injuries were reported, according to the #Navy., #PuertoRico’s new administration has made a last ditch effort to avoid default. See how it’s affecting Puerto Ricans as well as Wall Street’s major firms tonight at 9:30 PM EDT on Biz Asia America., null, null, Military officers carry the coffin of former Spanish Prime Minister Adolfo Suarez to the Spanish Parliament in Madrid on March 24, 2014. Adolfo Suarez, the prime minister who led Spain to democracy after decades of dictatorship and became its first elected premier after the death of General Francisco Franco, died on March 23, 2014 aged 81., Western powers, Japan suspending participation in G8 until Russia 'changes course'. G7 to hold June summit in Brussels instead of G-8 meeting in Russia. 
European Council president Herman Van Rompuy, Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper, French President Francois Hollande, British Prime Minister David Cameron, US President Barack Obama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi and European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso attend a G7 summit at the official residence of the Dutch prime minister in The Hague on March 24, 2014 on the sidelines of the Nuclear Security Summit (NSS). Leaders from the Group of Seven most industrialized nations went into crisis talks hosted by US President Barack Obama to decide how to respond to Russia's absorption of Crimea., A journalist waits in front of the guarded entrance of the hotel where Chinese relatives of passengers on the missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 stay, on March 24, 2014 in Bangi. Malaysia Airlines told relatives of those on board a jet that crashed in the Indian Ocean that they would be brought to the "recovery area", as the search goes on for wreckage. Prime Minister announced that new satellite data showed Flight MH370 which went missing with 239 people aboard had been lost in the Indian Ocean, ending a 17-day ordeal for families awaiting news of its fate., 528 Morsi Supporters Sentenced To Death In Egypt  http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=6372 , Representatives of relatives of passengers on Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 announce a statement protesting and condemning Malaysian Airline's "none survived" assumptive conclusion, after being told the news that the plane plunged into Indian Ocean in Beijing in the early morning of March 25, 2014 in Beijing. The missing Malaysia Airlines jet came down in the Indian Ocean, Prime Minister Najib Razak said March 24, as the airline reportedly told relatives it had been lost and that none on board survived., French President Francois Hollande, British Prime Minister David Cameron, U.S. President Barack Obama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso attend a G7 summit at the official residence of the Dutch prime minister in The Hague on March 24, 2014 on the sidelines of the Nuclear Security Summit (#NSS). Leaders from the Group of Seven most industrialized nations went into crisis talks hosted by US President Barack Obama to decide how to respond to #Russia's absorption of #Crimea. #Putin #G7, Supporters of Turkey's Prime Minister cheer and wave Turkish and AK Party (AKP) flags during an election rally in Istanbul on March 23, 2014. Recep Tayyip Erdogan rallied hundreds of thousands of supporters on Sunday, dismissing accusations of intolerance by Western and domestic critics. "I don't care who it is. I'm not listening," he said to cheers., In the United States, 108 people are reported missing in Washington State from a massive and deadly mudslide.  http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=6357, Chicago Transit Authority workers erect a tarp to cover the scene where commuter train derailed at the O'Hare International Airport station on March 24, 2014 in Chicago, Illinois. More than 30 were injured when the train slammed into the platform overnight coming to rest on an escalator., Grieving Chinese relatives of passengers on the missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 react after being told of their deaths at the Metro Park Lido Hotel in Beijing on March 24, 2014. Malaysia Airlines told relatives of those on board a jet that crashed in the Indian Ocean that they would be brought to the "recovery area", as the search goes on for wreckage. Prime Minister announced that new satellite data showed Flight MH370 which went missing with 239 people aboard had been lost in the Indian Ocean, ending a 17-day ordeal for families awaiting news of its fate., World leaders, ministers and heads of organisations attend the opening session of the Nuclear Security Summit (NSS) in The Hague on March 24, 2014., U.S. President Barack Obama and Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte hold a press conference following meetings at the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam on March 24, 2014 ahead of the Nuclear Security Summit (NSS)., U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama dances with folk performers as she visits the City Wall, in Xi'an, Shaanxi province, March 24, 2014., A relative of passengers on Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 is taken away by medical personnel after being told the news that the plane plunged into Indian Ocean in Beijing on March 24, 2014. The missing Malaysia Airlines jet came down in the Indian Ocean, Prime Minister Najib Razak said March 24, as the airline reportedly told relatives it had been lost and that none on board survived., The US Navy said March 24, 2014 it was sending a black box locator to an area of the southern Indian Ocean being scoured for the missing Malaysian jet, following a cluster of weekend debris sightings. The navy called the move a "precautionary measure" in case those sightings confirm the location of the aircraft which disappeared on March 8 with 239 people on board., A secret service agent for U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama stands next to a man dressed as a traditional Chinese soldier on the City Wall in Xian in China's central Shaanxi province on March 24, 2014. Michelle Obama arrived in China on March 20 with her mother and daughters to kick off a seven-day, three-city tour where she will focus on education and cultural exchange., U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama joins performers at a visit to the ancient walled city in Xian, Shaanxi Province, in China on March 24, 2014., Emergency response vehicles are pictured in Darrington, Washington on Sunday, March 23, 2014. A massive mudslide in nearby Oso, Washington killed at least eight and left many missing, while also blocking the waters of the Stillaguamish River and flooding nearby homes., A relative of passengers on Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 waves her fist as she cries after hearing the news that the plane plunged into Indian Ocean at a hotel in Beijing on March 24, 2014. The missing Malaysia Airlines jet came down in the Indian Ocean, Prime Minister Najib Razak said March 24, as the airline reportedly told relatives it had been lost and that none on board survived., null, Members of the media review footage taken onboard a Royal Australian Airforce Orion aircraft during a search operation for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370, at Pearce Airbase in Bullsbrook, 35 kms north of Perth, on March 24, 2014., Full statement & video from #Malaysian PM announcing flight #MH370 "ended" in southern Indian Ocean. bit.ly/1iUv7H0, A massive mudslide in Oso, Washington killed at least eight and left many missing. The Langton family were at their home when the mudslide came down nearby, terrifying them and leading Elijah Kristopher Langton to fear for his own life. "I said, 'okay God, please let me go to Heaven,'" he recalled. The Langton home was later flooded by waters from the Stillaguamish River, which was partially blocked by the mudslide., A member of the Malaysia Airlines special assistance team entertains a young relative of a passenger from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 at Metro Park Lido Hotel in Beijing on March 24, 2014. Ships and planes from several nations swarmed over the southern Indian Ocean on March 24 as mounting evidence of floating debris energized the search for Malaysia's missing passenger jet., Flying Officer Marc Smith, Co-Pilot of an RAAF AP-3C Orion steers the plane on final approach to Pearce Airbase in Bullsbrook, 35 kms north of Perth on March 24, 2014, after a search operation for the missing Malaysia Airways Flight #MH370 over the Indian Ocean. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott told Parliament on March 24 that a Royal Australian Air Force P-3 Orion aircraft had located two new objects floating in the southern Indian Ocean., Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak (C) delivers a statement on the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 during a press conference at the Putra World Trade Center (PWTC) in Kuala Lumpur on March 24, 2014. The Malaysian Prime Minister on March 24 said that the flight of the missing Malaysian airlines #MH370 ended in the southern Indian Ocean., U.S. President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping meet at the US ambassador's residence in The Hague on March 24, 2014 ahead of the Nuclear Security Summit (NSS)., Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak (C) walks after a press conference giving an update of the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 at the Putra World Trade Center (PWTC) in Kuala Lumpur on March 24, 2014. The Malaysian Prime Minister on March 24 said that the flight of missing Malaysian plane ended in the Indian Ocean., null, A Kurdish boy with punk hair takes part in Newroz celebrations on March 23, 2014 at the Kazlicesme district in Istanbul. Newroz, which means "new day" in Kurdish, marks the first day of Spring., Handout photo released by the Venezuelan Presidency of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro as he raises his fist during a rally in Caracas, on February 18, 2014. Fugitive Venezuelan opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez, blamed by Maduro for violent clashes that left three people dead last week, appeared at an anti-government rally in eastern Caracas and quickly surrendered to the National Guard after delivering a brief speech., Hamas Prime Minister in the Gaza Strip Ismail Haniya gives a speech during a public rally marking 10 years since an Israeli air strike killed Hamas spiritual leader Sheikh Ahmed Yassin on March 23, 2014 in Gaza City. Speaking to tens of thousands of supporters, Haniya warned Israel it would pay dearly if it heeded its foreign minister's call to reoccupy the enclave to try to halt rocket attacks., The poverty level in Costa Rica has hovered at 20 percent for the past 20 years. Watch Americas Now tonight @ 8:30PM EST!  http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=6035, Chinese President Xi Jinping and China's First Lady Peng Liyuan met with Dutch King Willem-Alexander for a state visit at the Hague. This not only generated much discussion of the countries' diplomatic ties but once again put Peng Liyuan's elegance into the spotlight. Peng Liyuan's sophisticated style has gained much international attention after being recognized in Vanity Fair's 2013 "International Best-Dressed List." Her ground-breaking style continues to capture the attention of fashion elites throughout the world., An origami is seen hanging with prayers and well-wishes for passengers onboard the missing Malaysia Airlines (MAS) flight MH370 at a shopping mall in Bangsar on March 23, 2014., Dutch King Willem Alexanderand Queen Maxima watch as China's President Xi Jinping's wife Peng Liyuan, center, baptizes the Cathay tulip at Keukenhof in Lisse, Netherlands, Sunday March 23, 2014. Xi is on a two-day state visit ahead of the March 24 and 25 Nuclear Security Summit in The Hague., http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=6206 , According to the Prime Minster of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, the crashed Syrian fighter jet was reported to have been shot down following the jet's intrusion into Turkish Air Force space., A Syrian warplane crashed near the Turkish border in Latakia. It was shot down  due to a border violation with the Turkish Air Force., null, null, First Lady visits China: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=6077, http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=6141,  1 billion people already lack access to both energy and water. #WorldWaterDay  Read more>> http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=6113, CCTV’s Mark Niu talks to Jeff Lyndon, the co-founder of iDreamsky, on Chinese booming market of mobile games., The world’s largest gaming conference for developers is wrapping up in San Francisco. One of the big trends that emerged was how augmented and virtual reality has now become more of a reality. CCTV’s Mark Niu reports from San Francisco to explain., About 200 pro-Russian protesters stormed a Ukrainian air force base in western Crimea, forcing the soldiers to leave as the Ukrainian flag was taken down. The unarmed crowd broke through to the base in the town of Novofedorivka and started smashing windows as Ukrainian servicemen barricaded themselves inside buildings and threw smoke bombs at the intruders from the roof., null, BREAKING NEWS:
China’s SASTIND has detected suspected a floating object 22m-long and 13m-wide in southern Indian Ocean. It's 120 km southwest of the debris identified by Australia., Could the union of #Crimea with Russia lead a new Cold War? Tune in to the Heat Saturday @ 8:30PM EST! http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=6060
, null, Do you live in an area facing a water shortage? Tomorrow marks the UN’s World Water Day, a day organized to take on global threats to water supplies posed by a rapidly expanding world population. We’ll take you around the world to see how different countries with scarce natural water resources are tackling the issue. Tune in tonight to Biz Asia America at 9 PM EST!., NOW live with latest on #MH370  #Ukraine and much more! Watch online here: bit.ly/MaSZcs, Is the #UFC the world's fastest growing sport? Find out here >> bit.ly/1pj3IP5, After President Obama imposed penalties on 20 Russians inside and outside the government, the Russian government also slapped sanctions on top U.S. officials. Where do you think the back and forth sanctions will lead? Share your comment on air for a chance to air #YourSay!, null, null, As the flags go down one by one on Ukraine's fleet in Crimea, Russian forces are laying siege to the few ships left in a strongly pro-Russian community that is hostile to the new government in Kiev. On March 20th in the evening, the Ternopil, a corvette built to repel submarines, was stormed by Russian forces and towed across the bay., Ukrainian soldiers patrol at the Belbek air-base not far from the Crimean city of Sevastopol on March 21, 2014. Many Ukrainian soldiers at Perevalne base in Crimea deserted their posts Friday, crossing groups of buoyant Russian soldiers moving in, but 200 were said to be resisting, overwhelmed by superior force and on the day Russia formally claimed the Black Sea peninsula as its territory., A woman is comforted as she cries next to a funerary urn with the remains of her relative disappeared during the Colombian civil war, in a ceremony in Medellin, Colombia on March 21, 2014. Relatives of 18 victims received the remains of their loved ones, which were recently found in common graves due to information given by demobilized combatants of both sides, the leftist guerrillas and the right-wing paramilitary groups, in the framework of the country's peace process. #FARC, Britain's Queen Elizabeth II  and Britain's Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh watch a performance during a visit to the Rambert dance company in London on March 21, 2014. The Queen and The Duke of Edinburgh toured the new purpose-built facility housing Rambert, Britain’s national dance company, meeting architects and staff before viewing a performance., Chinese actor Jackie Chan poses with school children during an event dedicated to the 'Purchase from Africans for Africa' (PAA Africa) program, part of a South-South Cooperation Project, in Hawassa, Ethiopia, on March 21, 2014. Chan visited to check the progress of the initiative launched by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) which aims to promote the buying of locally grown food in several parts of Africa., U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama her daughters Sasha, Malia, and Ambassador to China Max Baucus meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan at a guest house in Beijing on March 21, 2014. U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama took her daughters and mother to Beijing's former imperial palace on March 21, on a China tour the White House emphasizes will be light on politics and heavy on personal diplomacy., null, Afghan men pile over each other as they try to reach the holy mace erected in front of the Sahki Shrine during Nowruz festivities which marks the Afghan New Year in Kabul on March 21, 2014. Nowruz, one of the biggest festivals of the war-scarred nation, marks the first day of spring and the beginning of the year in the Persian calendar. Nowruz is calculated according to a solar calendar, this coming year marking 1393., Wearing their traditional costumes Kyrgyz women and a man take part in the celebrations of Nowruz (New Year) in the outskirts of the Kyrgyzstan's capital Bishkek on March 21, 2014. Nowruz, "The New Year" in Farsi, is an ancient festival marking the first day of spring in Central Asia., Ukrainian border guards run during exercises not far from the Alexeevka check point on the border between Ukraine and Russia, some 120 km from the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk on March 21, 2014. Ukraine's interim premier Arseniy Yatsenyuk on Friday called for global economic pressure against Russia to halt its drive to forge "a new world order.", An Ukrainian border guard patrols near anti-tank defense concrete bollards at the Uspenka check point on the border between Ukraine and Russia, some 120 km from the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk on March 21, 2014. Ukraine's interim premier Arseniy Yatsenyuk on Friday called for global economic pressure against Russia to halt its drive to forge "a new world order.", Royal Australian Air Force launches a Self Locating Data Marker Buoy from a C-130J Hercules aircraft in the southern Indian Ocean as part of the Australian Defense Force's assistance to the search for Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370. Australia resumed the search 21 March for possible wreckage from a missing Malaysian jetliner in a remote, storm-swept stretch of the Indian Ocean, hoping for better weather as spotters seek to identify the objects shown on grainy satellite images., U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama plays table tennis as Peng Liyuan, wife of Chinese President Xi Jinping, looks on during their visit to the Beijing Normal School, a school that prepares students to attend university abroad in Beijing on March 21, 2014. Michelle Obama arrived in Beijing with her mother and daughters to kick off a seven-day, three-city tour where she will focus on education and cultural exchange., Chinese Antarctic research icebreaker Xue Long prepares to depart Fremantle Habour on March 21, 2014, as at least seven Chinese ships are reported to head for the southern Indian Ocean, where possible debris from a missing Malaysia Airlines #MH370 plane has been sighted. Of the 239 people aboard the Boeing 777, which went missing on March 8 during an overnight flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, 153 are from China., U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama and Peng Liyuan, wife of Chinese President Xi Jinping pose for photographers as they visit the Forbidden City in Beijing on March 21, 2014. Michelle Obama arrived in Beijing with her mother and daughters to kick off a seven-day, three-city tour where she will focus on education and cultural exchange., Peng Liyuan, wife of Chinese President Xi Jinping, shows US First Lady Michelle Obama how to hold a writing brush as they visit a Chinese traditional calligraphy class at the Beijing Normal School in Beijing on March 21, 2014. Michelle Obama arrived in Beijing with her mother and daughters to kick off a seven-day, three-city tour where she will focus on education and cultural exchange., U.S. first lady Michelle Obama, her daughters Malia, Sasha and Michelle Obama's mother Marian Robinson pose for photos with Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan at a guest house in Beijing on March 21, 2014. US First Lady Michelle Obama took her daughters and mother to Beijing's former imperial palace on March 21, on a China tour the White House emphasizes will be light on politics and heavy on personal diplomacy., null, null, null, null, “The Ultimate Fighting Championship strikes gold from every angle. The UFC is reaping in major profits from the increasing popularity of Mixed Martial,  and has become one of the fastest growing sporting organization in the world. Are you a fan of MMA? Watch the full report tonight at 9 EST on Biz Asia America., German Chancellor Angela Merkel speaks during a press conference at the end of the first working session at the EU headquarters in Brussels on March 20, 2014 on the first day of a two-day European Council summit., Meat lover vs. Vegetarian, which side are you on? An activist of AnimaNaturalis performs over a table with fruits and vegetables protesting against meat consumption, on the World Day Without Meat, in Mexico City., It may not feel like it in the chilly United States, but it's the first day of spring in the Northern Hemisphere.

The season officially begins at 12:57 p.m. ET on March 20—a precise and fixed point in time defined as when the center of the sun passes directly over the Equator.
Check this picture from a scenic spot of rape blossoms in Wuyuan County, east China's Jiangxi Province. Feel the spring!, United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon shakes hands with Russia's President Vladimir Putin during their meeting in the Kremlin in Moscow on March 20, 2014. UN chief Ban Ki-moon told today #Putin that he was deeply concerned over the crisis in Ukraine, which saw #Moscow absorb the ex-Soviet country's peninsula of Crimea into Russian territory., Members of the National Police clash with anti-government activists during a protest against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, in Caracas, on March 20, 2014. Venezuela upped pressure on the opposition Wednesday after weeks of protests, arresting two mayors including one in the town where they started and seeking a probe of a prominent anti-government lawmaker. Authorities said the death toll from the protests rose to at least 30 after a policeman died trying to break up a protest in the western city of San Cristobal, where the demos began February 4., Ukrainian Navy Command ship 'Slavutych' was seen in the harbor of Sevastopol on March 20, 2014. European leaders were today to debate biting economic sanctions against Russia for its annexation of Crimea as Ukraine tore up key ties with the Kremlin and drew up plans to evacuate its nationals from the rebel peninsula. Pro-Russian forces seized three Ukrainian warships Thursday and Ukraine said its troops were being threatened in Crimea as the U.S. announced a new round of sanctions against Russia., Matryoshkas showing Joseph Stalin next to US President Barrack Obama are for sale at an art and handicrafts market in Chisinau, Moldova on March 20, 2014. The president of the former Soviet republic of Moldova March 19 called on the European Union to speed up his country's integration, as Moscow tightened its grip on #Crimea. Pro-Western President Nicolae Timofti's appeal came a day after he cautioned Moscow against trying to annex Moldova's breakaway region of Transdniestr as President Vladimir Putin signed a historic treaty to make Crimea part of Russia.Officials in Russian-speaking Transdniestr earlier reportedly appealed to lawmakers in Moscow to pass legislation that could see the region absorbed into Russia., Disguised people working in the entertainment industry on short-term contracts take part in a protest on March 20, 2014 in Paris. Unions and Medef representatives began on March 20, 2014 an ultimate negotiating session on the artists and performers' unemployment insurance system, as demonstrations of artists and technicians working in the entertainment industry on short-term contracts were taking place to protest a planned reform of the rules regulating the unemployment benefits of short-term show business workers., A seagull flies in front of the U.S. Capitol on the first day of spring March 20, 2014 in Washington, DC. The temperature may hit 60 in the area today., Haiti will hold legislative elections on October 26 after an agreement brokered by the country's Catholic Church ended a long-running political impasse, it was confirmed on March 18, 2014. The agreement, reached after mediation from Cardinal Chibly Langlois, provides for the election of 20 senators and around 100 members of parliament and local councilors. The municipal elections had been due to be held in 2011, while the senate vote had been set for 2012, but both have been delayed because of political squabbling., Do you like circus or not? PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) activists display placards along with chained inflatable elephants, during a demonstration in Washington, DC, on March 20, 2014. Draped with banners reading, "Shackled, Lonely, Beaten," a herd of inflatable elephants led activists of #PETA in the demonstration against the arrival of Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus in the capital, accusing the circus company for animal cruelty., Fireworks light up the mountain in the Kurdish town of Akra in Iraq's Mosul region 500 kilometers north of Baghdad as Iraqi Kurds celebrate the Noruz spring festival on March 20, 2014. The Persian New Year is an ancient Zoroastrian tradition celebrated by Iranians and Kurds which coincides with the vernal (spring) equinox and is calculated by the lunar calender., U.S. President Barack Obama arrives to speak on economic opportunity for women and working families at Valencia College in Orlando, Florida, March 20, 2014., An osprey catches a fish near the sixth hole during the first round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational presented by MasterCard at the Bay Hill Club and Lodge on March 20, 2014 in Orlando, Florida., Fiorentina's Brazilian goalkeeper Neto makes a save as Juventus' Argentinian forward Alberto Carlos Tevez touches his head with the foot during the #UEFA Europa League round of 16, second-leg football match Fiorentina vs Juventus at Artemio Franchi stadium in Florence on Marc 20, 2014. Juventus won 1-0., Acrobats perform on stage during the "Shanghai Nights" show of the Chinese National Circus in Brno, Czech Republic on March 20, 2014., Here is the satellite image of Object 2 in the Indian Ocean from the Australian Maritime Safety Authority, which may be from missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 which disappeared en route to Beijing early on March 8. Australia said on March 20 that the two objects spotted in the Indian Ocean were the "best lead we have" in the search for the missing Malaysian passenger jet, the largest estimated at 24 meters (79 feet) long., Here is the satellite images of Object 1 in the Indian Ocean from the Australian Maritime Safety Authority, which may be from missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 which disappeared en route to Beijing early on March 8. Australia said on March 20 that the two objects spotted in the Indian Ocean were the "best lead we have" in the search for the missing Malaysian passenger jet,  the largest estimated at 24 meters (79 feet) long., U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, her daughters Sasha, Malia and Michelle Obama's mother Marian Robinson exit their plane upon arrival at Beijing's Capital International Airport on March 20, 2014. Michelle Obama arrived in Beijing with her mother and daughters to kick off a seven-day, three-city tour where she will focus on education and cultural exchange., Sturla Henriksen, director general of the Norwegian Shipowner's Association and Ingar Skiaker, CEO of Hoeegh Autoliners attend a press conference on March 20, 2014 in Oslo on the movements of the vessel "Hoeegh St Petersburg". The Norwegian ship reached the area of the Indian Ocean where possible debris of the missing Malaysia Airlines #MH370 plane were spotted, shipping company Hoeeg Autoliners said on March 20, 2014., Yuan Cao and Yue Lin of China dive in the Men's 3M Synchro Springboard Final during the FINA/NVC Diving World Series 2014 at the Hamdan Sports Complex on March 20, 2014 in Dubai., The U.S has expanded its economic sanctions on #Russia over its actions in Ukraine. EU leaders also said they will impose travel ban and asset freezes, closing in on President Putin's inner circle. What's #YourSay on the latest sanctions against Russia?, Angelique Kerber of Germany meets Shuai Peng of China after her win on day 4 of the Sony Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center on March 20, 2014 in Key Biscayne, Florida., President Obama on Thursday expanded U.S. economic sanctions against Moscow over its actions in #Ukraine, targeting President Vladimir Putin's chief of staff and 19 other individuals as well as a Russian bank that provides them support. Those named in the sanctions include Arkady Rotenberg lifelong #Putin friend whose company has amassed billions of dollars in government contracts., Twitter is 8 years old today. They are making it easy to find your very first tweet. Here's ours for 6/27/2012: CCTV_America is now on Twitter!  Check out our latest stories on You Tube: http://www.youtube.com/cctvamerica1 . #china #news @ElaineReyesTV @PhillipTKYin
https://discover.twitter.com/first-tweet#CCTV_America, null, null, null, Search will resume in the morning. The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane is focused in remote waters far southwest of Australia., Australian PM said objects found in the Indian Ocean could possibly be related to the search for Flight 370, Australian media reports.
Read more:http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/19/australia-sees-possible-plane-debris/, null, null, null, Vice-President and Director of the Gender Equality Center for Women Researchers and Immunology and Medecine professor at the Graduate School of Biostudies at the #Kyoto's University, Japan's Kayo Inaba receives her trophy by General director of the United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization, Irin Bokova after being awarded by the L'Oreal-Unesco For Women in Science 2014 award on March 19, 2014, in Paris. She is one of the five female scientists awarded by the L'Oreal Foundation and UNESCO for the excellence of their scientific work., Special Operations Police Battalion (BOPE) of the Military Police and Special Operations Division of the Civil Police train on how to control situations of terrorism at the National Stadium in Brasilia on March 19, 2014. Seven matches of the FIFA World Cup Brazil 2014 will be played in this stadium., Ninots burn on the last night of the Fallas Festival in Valencia on March 19, 2014. #Fallas are gigantic structures made of cardboard portraying current events and personalities in which individual figures or Ninots are placed. The Fallas are burnt in the streets of Valencia as a tribute to St Joseph, patron saint of the carpenters'guild., Russian President Vladimir Putin's annexation of Ukraine's breakaway republic of #Crimea has stunned the international community. However, support for his actions in Russia suggest  he is bolstering popularity back home. What do you think about Putin’s rising popularity? Share #YourSay below and we might air it tonight!, Here is the new twelve-sided 1 pound coin, the design for which is based on the three pence piece or “Threepenny bit”. Britain announced on March 19 it was ditching the 1 pound coin it has used for the past three decades and replacing it with a 12-sided piece that will be harder to fake. The Treasury says the new coin, made of two metals in two different colours, will be "the most secure coin in circulation in the world"., A security force serviceman watches Afghan supporters of presidential candidate Ashraf Ghani Ahmadzai during a gathering in the outskirts of Kunduz province, north of #Kabul on March 19, 2014. Afghanistan's April 5 election is the third presidential poll since the fall of the Taliban with 11 candidates contesting the polls., The 14 week old polar bear twins play with their mother in their enclosure during the first outside excursion in the zoo in Munich Hellabrunn, southern Germany, on March 19, 2014. LIKE CCTV America for more great news updates and photos!, A bulldozer is seen next to a new housing construction site in the Israeli settlement of Har Homa in east Jerusalem on March 19, 2014. Israel granted final approval Wednesday for plans to build another 186 new homes in annexed Arab east Jerusalem, drawing an angry reaction from the Palestinians., Federal Reserve Chair Janet L. Yellen speaks during a briefing at the Federal Reserve March 19, 2014 in Washington, DC. Janet L. #Yellen delivered her first briefing as Chairman of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board of Governors where she spoke about the U.S. economy., Chinese Miao minority tourists from Hunan Province leave the Forbidden City in Beijing on March 19, 2014. Chinese companies have offered up a fresh idea to help pollution-weary travelers while cashing in on public concerns over dirty air at the same time with #smog insurance. The country's top online travel agency and leading insurer "started to sell haze travel insurance", state-run media reported., Chinese President Xi Jinping shakes hands with New Zealand Prime Minister John Key at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 19, 2014. Mr. Key wrote on his twitter @johnkeypm: "very successful meeting President Xi of China said he was looking forward to visiting us later this year.", Tourists ride #Segway near the Edificio Espana building on the Plaza de Espana square in Madrid on March 19, 2014. Santander bank received an offer worth 260 millions euros from Chinese magnate Wang Jianlin's Dalian Wanda Group for the emblematic Edificio Espana building, according to the media., Families show frustration with lack of answers about missing MH370: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=5647, Distressed family members of missing passengers aboard Flight 370 were forcibly removed from the daily news conference by officials in Kuala Lumpur. At least two crying women entered the media briefing room shortly before the briefing was due to begin and unfurled a protest banner." I want my son back,” sobbed one of the women, who were shoved into a side room before being taken away by police., Harvest time for spring tea in China!
A farmer pick spring tea in Hukou Village, in Bajiao Dong ethnic township of Enshi City, central China's Hubei Province on Wednesday.  As weather turned warm and tea leaves grew faster, farmers were busy picking tea leaves in recent days., Issuing an outright warning to Moscow, U.S. Vice President Joe Biden declared Wednesday the United States will respond to any aggression against its NATO allies, as Russia's neighbors looked warily to the escalating crisis in nearby #Ukraine. In a jab at #Russia, he said the U.S. stands resolutely with Baltic states in support of the Ukrainian people against Russian aggression., null, Bet they eat expensive dog food! The Tibetan mastiff on the left sold for almost $2 million U.S. dollars at a Chinese "luxury pet fair." The Qianjiang Evening News reports the buyer is a 56-year-old property developer that hopes to breed dogs himself., Russian forces and local militiamen seized control of the headquarters of the #Ukrainian Navy. Read more: bit.ly/1ih3IxS, Relatives of #MH370 Chinese passengers demand answers from #Malaysia officials. 
http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=5442, null, null, Japanese college student Keiko Tsuji (C), runner-up Hiromi Nishiuchi (R) and 2nd runner-up Misaki Takahashi (L) pose for photographers during the photo session during the 2014 Miss Universe Japan Beauty Pageant in Tokyo on March 18, 2014. Tsuji won Miss Japan, representative from Japan for the 2014 Miss Universe Beauty Pageant., Honduran Narcotics Agents are seen unpacking dollar bills seized from alleged drug dealers in El Durazno, some 15 kms north of Tegucigalpa, on March 18, 2014. The money was found packed in aluminum foil in two luxury vehicles while entering the Honduran capital., null, View of bullet holes in a window of an urban transportation van in Tegucigalpa, on March 18, 2014. Thousands of Central Americans ask for asylum as they flee their countries after being threatened by members of the organized crime. According to the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (#UNHCR), in Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras, there were 3.735 people asking for asylum and 17.129 who left their countries as refugees in 2012., Is this the future of household technology? Do-it-yourself devices like this 3D printer are becoming more advanced by the year. The machines come with a high price tag now, but developers say that users will one day have an affordable method of creating anything they want in their home. Ginger Vaughn will have her full report on what DIY gadgets tech entrepreneurs are getting excited about tonight on Biz Asia America at 9 PM EST., The U.S. closed down #Syria's embassy in Washington and ordered its remaining diplomatic staff to leave the country if they were not US citizens. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the decision was taken because "the illegitimacy of the Assad regime is so overwhelming." In the three-year war to topple Syrian President Bashar al-Assad more than 140,000 people have been killed and the regime was "indiscriminately attacking civilians," Kerry told students at a State Department event., Former U.S. President Richard Nixon's signature is seen on his 1937 FBI application during a press preview at the National Archives on March 18, 2014 in Washington, DC. The National Archives previewed their new exhibit "Making Their Mark: Stories Through Signatures" which features documents with signatures from Joseph Stalin, Adolf Hitler, John Hancock, Michael Jackson and others., #DPRK's Korean Central News Agency released a picture of its leader Kim Jong Un attending a flight exercise of the KPA Air and Anti-Air Force Unit 188 in #Pyongyang. Beijing announced a senior diplomat's visit to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea on Monday, as Pyongyang and Seoul both demand regional stability and better bilateral relations. Vice-Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin started his four-day visit to Pyongyang later on Monday and will chair a diplomatic consultation with officials from the DPRK's Foreign Ministry and other departments, said Hua Chunying, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman., null, A moment of WOW! NASA has released a series of incredible photos of the Monkey Head Nebula, a star-forming region some 6,400 billion light-years away. The photos were published in honor of the great work of NASA's #Hubble Space Telescope, which yesterday celebrated 24 years in operation., Good parenting or not? Toddlers Scarlett Jacobs, two, and Savannah Jacobs, one, are the most pampered kids in Britain. Mum Faye Jacobs, 30, a freelance digital marketing consultant, has spent £45,000 on a designer wardrobe, lucrative holidays and a stylish nursery at the family's four bedroom house in Camberley, Surrey. Oldest daughter Scarlett is already a fashion snob who turns her nose up at Primark and is happiest riding in dad Paul's #Porsche. Faye proudly spoils her children and wouldn't dream of buying "cheap" shoes from Next or M&S., Ever saw this ANT-ti aircraft battery before? The amazing spectacle of a colony of wood ants deterring aerial predators by squirting formic acid in defense of their nest has been captured by wildlife photographer Paul Quagliana. Paul spotted the feisty insect's in Wareham Forest in Dorset firing the foul-smelling venom into the air above their nest. The Formic acid is enough to scare off larger predators such as woodpeckers and jay's but is harmless to humans., A Crimean resident holds Ukrainian Hryvnia money next to a money exchange office as she prepares to buy western currency and Russian rubles, in Sevastopol, Crimea, on March 18, 2014. President Vladimir Putin has backed the approval of a draft agreement which would incorporate Ukraine's region of Crimea into Russian territory, according to an official instruction published today., An elderly man gestures as he speaks with an Ukrainian officer during an open air recruit point of the National guard in the center of Kiev on March 18, 2014. Ukraine's parliament approved on the eve the partial mobilization of troops to counter "Russian interference" in the country, after Crimea voted to secede from Kiev and join Russia., Pro-Kremlin activists rally at the Red Square in Moscow, on March 18, 2014, to celebrate the incorporation of Crimea. President Vladimir Putin justified the incorporation of #Crimea, citing everything from ancient history to Russia's demand for respect to Western double standards., Armed Russian forces arrest Ukrainian army officers during an operation in Simferopol on March 18, 2014. Russian President Vladimir Putin on March 18 signed a treaty claiming the Black Sea region of #Crimea as #Russian territory as #Ukraine warned the showdown had entered a "military stage" with the killing of one of its soldiers on the peninsula., Russia's President Vladimir Putin (2nd R), Crimean Prime Minister Sergei Aksyonov (L), Crimean parliament speaker Vladimir Konstantionov (2nd L) and Alexei Chaly, Sevastopol's new de facto mayor (R), join hands after signing a treaty on the Ukrainian Black Sea peninsula becoming part of Russia in the Kremlin in Moscow, on March 18, 2014. Putin justified the incorporation of #Crimea, citing everything from ancient history to Russia's demand for respect to Western double standards., Secretary of State John Kerry speaks about the situation in #Crimea during a town hall meeting with university students at the State Department, on March 18, 2014 in Washington, DC. Kerry spoke at the town hall meeting that was billed as "Making Foreign Policy Less Foreign.", Alejandro Gonzalez of Colombia, Pablo Carreno Busta of Spain, Federico Delbonis of Argentina, Fabio Fognini of Italy, and Tommy Robredo of Spain swim with dolphins at the Miami Seaquarium ahead of the 2014 Sony Open on March 18, 2014 in Key Biscayne, Florida., Ana Ivanovic of Serbia, Sorana Cirstea of Romania, Marina Erakovic of New Zealand, Heather Watson, and Christina Mchale swim with #dolphins at the Miami Seaquarium ahead of the 2014 Sony Open on March 18, 2014 in Key Biscayne, Florida., Fast food workers and activists protest inside of a #McDonald's restaurant on March 18, 2014 in Oakland, California. Dozens of fast food workers and union activists staged a demonstration at a McDonald's restaurant as part of a nationwide series of protests against McDonald's #labor practices., U.S. President Barack Obama applauds Medal of Honor recipients Staff Sergeant Melvin Morris (L), Sergeant First Class Jose Rodela (2nd L) and Specialist Four Santiago Erevia (3rd R) for actions during the Vietnam War, during a ceremony in the East Room of the White House in Washington on March 18, 2014. Obama awarded the Medal of Honor to 24 veterans, 3 of whom are still living, who fought in World War II, the Korean War and the Vietnam War, most of whom were previously denied the prestigious honor due to their Hispanic, black or Jewish backgrounds. The ceremony results from a Pentagon review of Jewish and Hispanic war records ordered by Congress in 2002., null, New Zealand Prime Minister John Key and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang exchange Chinese Yuan and New Zealand Dollar banknotes during an announcement ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 18, 2014 in Beijing., Students stand next to a giant mural featuring missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 displayed on the grounds of their school in Manila's financial district of Makati on March 18, 2014, created as part of solidarity action by concerned artists for the passengers and crew of the missing plane. Three million people around the world have joined an effort led by a satellite operator to locate the missing Malaysia Airlines plane, in what may be the largest crowdsourcing project of its kind. The plane went missing early on March 8 with 239 passengers and crew aboard, spawning a massive international search across Southeast Asia and the Indian Ocean that has turned up no trace of wreckage., null, BREAKING NEWS:
The Chinese Embassy in Japan says a Panamanian cargo ship has collided with a cargo ship from the Republic of Korea. 
It happened in the waters off of Japan's Kanagawa Prefecture. The Panamanian flagged Beagle 3 sank after the collision. There were 20 Chinese crew members on board the Beagle 3. So far, 11 have been rescued and 9 are still missing at last count., In the 1980’s, only 20% of China’s population lived in urban areas. Last year that number passed 53%, and the country expects 60% of the population to live in cities by 2020. With urbanization showing no signs of stopping, China is looking to the American city of Chicago for inspiration and advice. CCTV's Roza Kazan has a full report tonight on @BizAsiaAmerica at 9 PM EDT., Indian revellers cover each other with coloured powder and dance while taking part in Holi festival celebrations in Guwahati on March 17, 2014. Holi, the Festival of Colours, is a popular Hindu spring festival observed in India and Nepal at the end of winter season on the last full moon day of the lunar month., null, Wanna drink something good for health? Workers pour whole cocoa beans into a roaster at Dandelion Chocolate on March 17, 2014 in San Francisco, California. A new study sponsored by the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute and Mars Inc., and to be conducted at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle will explore the efficacy of pills containing high concentrations of #cocoa flavanols and how they can help prevent heart attacks and strokes., null, St. Patrick's Day! St Patrick’s Day barely registers on the calendar in China, but this year, for the first time, the Irish community marks the day in style in Beijing. A section of the Great Wall at Badaling near Beijing is being lit up in green for the occasion, as part of Tourism Ireland’s Global Greening 2014., After a referendum held Sunday in #Crimea, Russian President Vladimir Putin has recognized Crimea as a "sovereign and independent country.” However, the U.S., EU and Ukraine's new government have not recognized the referendum. Furthermore, Washington and the European Union have retaliated with asset freezes and travel bans and U.S. President Barack Obama has vowed to "increase the cost" if Russia does not back down.
What is your take on the vote in Crimea? Give us #YourSay!, Malaysian Social Activist @Marina Mahathir spoke with CCTV's James Chau in Kuala Lumpur about how her country is dealing with the uncertainty surrounding the missing flight. Watch the interview here., A Ukrainian interim forces officer shows weapons to recruits during a training session not far from Kiev on March 17, 2014. Ukraine's parliament on March 17 approved the partial mobilization of troops to counter "Russian interference" on its soil, a day after Crimea voted to secede from Kiev and join Russia. Ahead of March 16 referendum, #Kiev had called last week for the initial mobilization of reservists and approved the creation of a new National Guard of 60,000 volunteers, as #Russian forces encircled Ukrainian military bases in Crimea., Ukrainian demonstrators hold their national flags and posters bearing pictures mocking Russian President Vladimir Putin in front of the EU headquarters during a Foreign Affairs Council meeting in Brussels on March 17, 2014. EU foreign ministers are gathering on March 17 to discuss possible sanctions response to the Crimean referendum. Crimea declared independence on March 17 and applied to join Russia while the Kremlin braced for sanctions after the flashpoint peninsula voted to leave Ukraine in a ballot that will likely fan the worst East-West tensions since the Cold War., The initial investigation revealed that it was the co-pilot of the missing plane who spoke the last words before the flight of MH370 disappeared, Malaysia Airlines said Monday in a press conference. Malaysian authorities searched the home of the lead pilot, a move that came the same day that Prime Minister Najib Razak told reporters the plane veered off course due to apparent deliberate action taken by somebody on board., Gold medalist China's team perform their exercise during the Rhythmic Gymnastics World Cup in Debrecen, Hungary on March 16, 2014., Russian President Putin signs decree recognizing Crimea as 'sovereign and independent country.' Putin attends an awarding ceremony for Russian athletes, winners of the XI Paralympic Olympic games, in Sochi on March 17, 2014. Putin told yesterday U.S. President Barack Obama the referendum on Crimea joining Russia was fully legal, but the two leaders also agreed to work together to find ways out of the Ukraine crisis, the Kremlin said., The leaning tower of #Pisa is colored in green on March 16, 2014 to celebrate Ireland’s national holiday on the eve of the St Patrick’s Day. The event is part of the initiative "Global Greening", sponsored by Tourism #Ireland, with many famous monuments in many cities of the world which are colored in green to show friendship towards the European island., Jon Ward sleds with his daughter Gwen and son Jethro riding on his back on the west lawn of the U.S. Capitol on March 17, 2014 in Washington, DC. The Washington DC area was hit with 4-6 inches of snow on St. Patrick's Day, four-days before the official arrival of spring., A family slides down the hill at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, DC March 17, 2014 the morning after yet another snow storm. With Spring less than a week away, Winter is not releasing its grip as another 5-10 inches of the white stuff fell in the Washington, DC area overnight., A snowy U.S. Capitol is seen in Washington, DC March 17, 2014 the morning after yet another snow storm. With #spring less than a week away, #winter is not releasing its grip as another 5-10 inches of the white stuff fell in the Washington, DC area overnight., Russian armored vehicles drive on the road between Simferopol and Sevastopol on March 17, 2014. Ukraine's foreign minister denounced Russian "provocations" on March 17, 2014, warning of a troop build-up on the border and the presence of "political tourists" in its eastern regions. "We are very much concerned by the number of Russian troops on the (border)," Foreign Minister Andriy Deshchytsya said after talks with NATO head Anders Fogh Rasmussen., China's delegation attends the Closing Ceremony of XI Paralympic Olympic games at the Fisht Olympic Stadium near the city of Sochi on March 16, 2014., Indian revelers covered in colored powder dance during Holi festival celebrations in Allahabad on March 17, 2014. #Holi, the popular Hindu spring festival of colors is observed in India at the end of the winter season on the last full moon of the lunar month., Gold medalist China's team celebrate their victory in the 3 balls, 2 ribbons category during the Rhythmic Gymnastics World Cup in Debrecen, Hungary on March 16, 2014., A personnel of Indonesia's National Search and Rescue looks over horizon during a search in the Andaman sea area around northern tip of Indonesia's Sumatra island for the missing Malaysian Airlines flight #MH370 on March 17, 2014. The last words spoken from the cockpit of the Malaysian passenger jet that went missing 10 days ago were believed to have been spoken by the co-pilot, the airline's top executive said Monday., An elderly woman carries boxes for recycling as she walks past a billboard advertisement in Hong Kong on March 17, 2014. One in three people in the city is expected to be 65 years old or above by 2041, threatening to curb economic growth in the major financial hub, the Hong Kong government has warned., A soldier stands guard near armored vehicles parked in front of the Ukrainian Ground Forces Academy in western Ukrainian city of Lviv on 17, 2014. #Ukraine's parliament on Monday approved the partial mobilization of troops to counter "Russian interference" in the country, a day after #Crimea voted to secede from Kiev and join #Russia., Managing Director at NYSE Euronext John Merrill and #Muppets character #Kermit the Frog pose for a photo after ringing the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange on March 17, 2014 in New York City., Britain's Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge pose for photographs along with officers while visiting the Irish Guards during a St Patrick's Day parade in Mons Barracks in Aldershot on March 17, 2014. Prince William, the Duke of Cambridge attended the parade as Colonel of the Regiment and Catherine presented the traditional sprigs of shamrocks to the Officers and Guardsmen of the Regiment. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visit the 1st Battalion Irish Guards at the St. Patricks Day Parade at Mons Barracks Aldershot., Ever use these Chinese yuan bank notes? China's yuan traded weaker against the U.S. dollar on March 17 after the central bank allowed the tightly-controlled currency to move in a wider range in a long-anticipated financial reform., null, U.S. President Barack Obama speaks about the situation in the #Crimea region of Ukraine during a statement in the Brady Press Briefing Room of the White House in Washington, DC, March 17, 2014. Obama said he was moving to “increase the cost” to #Russia, and he warned that more people could face financial punishment., A Chinese military officer puts flowers next to a coffin before the rites of placing the remains in the coffin at a South Korean Army base in Paju, north of Seoul, on March 17, 2014. The remains of more than 400 Chinese soldiers killed during the 1950-53 Korean War will return home from South Korea next week for permanent burial., Pres. @BarackObama to speak about #Ukraine #Crimea #Russia 10:45am est. Watch @Livestream @CCTV_America www.cctvamericalive.com , The car of Caterham-Renault driver Kamui Kobayashi of Japan veers off the track during an accident at the start of the Formula One Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne on March 16, 2014., Obama announces sanctions against 7 Russian officials after Crimea referendum. EU foreign ministers also impose travel bans, asset freezes on 21 people linked to Ukraine unrest. Yet, pro-Russian supporters dance as they celebrate in Sevastopol on March 16, 2014. Crimeans voted Sunday in a referendum to join Russia as tensions escalated in eastern Ukraine in the worst East-West crisis since the Cold War. Russia President Vladimir Putin vowed to "respect" the outcome of the vote in a region that is now under the de facto control of Russian forces despite an international outcry., Crew members on board a US Navy P-8A Poseidon assigned to Patrol Squadron (VP) 16 man their workstations while assisting in search and rescue operations for Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370. An investigation into the pilots of missing Malaysia Airlines flight 370 intensified on March 17 after officials confirmed that the last words spoken from the cockpit came after a key signalling system was manually disabled., Passengers look at a "digital earth" displayed at Kuala Lumpur International Airport (#KLIA) in Sepang, outside Kuala Lumpur on March 16, 2014. Malaysia said on March 16 that police had searched the homes of the pilots of the missing jet and examined a home flight simulator after revelations that the flight was deliberately diverted triggered a full-scale criminal probe. #MH370, China unveils an urbanization plan for the 2014-2020 period in an effort to steer the country's urbanization onto a human-centered and environmentally friendly path.
Read the full plan here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/16/china-unveils-landmark-urbanization-plan/, Breaking News: Earthquake in Chile 7.0 Magnitude http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=5174 , http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=5157 , Some 95.5% of voters in Crimea have supported joining Russia in a disputed referendum, according to partial results announced by officials.
More to follow here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=5153, The public 'face' of the investigation is Malaysia's Defense Minister, Hishammuddin Hussein. In his first and only interview on MH370, our CCTV's James Chau asked if he's been hiding behind a state cover-up. Find out his response: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=5127, Tonight don't miss CCTV's James Chau  exclusive interview with #Malaysia's Defence Minister on #MH370 investigative process. Watch online: http://www.cctv-america.tv/livenews/
, CCTV's Nathan King explains why whoever controlled Flight MH370 may have a plan and a specific destination in mind. http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=5086 , If Crimea votes to join Russia, how will the West react? Watch the Heat tonight @8:30PM EST! http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=4845, Satellite firm's data could help locate Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . Read more on CCTV-America. http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=5052 , With Brazil's World Cup stadiums far apart from each other, flying will be essential for both teams and fans. But with over half a million visitors from around the world expected to fly in for the matches, will Brazil's airports be able to cope? http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=5078, Owing to the negative vote of one of its permanent members, the United Nations Security Council stated “failed to adopt a draft resolution which urged countries not to recognize the results of this weekend’s referendum in #Crimea" Read More:http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=5021, #BREAKING:Russia vetoes UN resolution declaring Sunday's referendum on Crimea invalid, China abstains., null, MORE: #Malaysian offcial says Investigators conclude flight hijacked  http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=5005 , #BREAKING: KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - #Malaysian official says investigators conclude missing jet was hijacked, steered off-course., null, Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang meets Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Salman bin Abdulaziz at the Ziguangge Pavilion in the Zhongnanhai leaders' compound in Beijing on March 14, 2014., A pack of cars races through a turn during practicie for the 12 Hour of Sebring at Sebring International Raceway on March 14, 2014 in Sebring, Florida., U.S. President Barack Obama speaks as Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny watches during a St. Patrick's Day reception in the East Room of the White House on March 14, 2014 in Washington., Supersonic plane Concorde #MSN1 is transferred to the Aeorscopia aviation museum in Blagnac, southwestern France. The Concorde is to date the world's only supersonic passenger plane, traveling at speeds that whisked an elite class of travelers between London or Paris and the U.S. east coast in just over three hours. It was definitively retired in October 2003, three years after a devastating crash that killed 113 people., Followers of Afghan presidential candidate and former Mujahideen leader and hardline Islamist Abdul Rasul Sayyaf gather during a political rally at a local field just outside Kabul on March 14, 2014. The upcoming Presidential elections will be the third polls held since the fall of the #Taliban., Horses jump a fence during the Cheltenham Gold Cup Steeple Chase on the final day of the Cheltenham Festival horse racing meeting at Cheltenham Racecourse in Gloucestershire, South West England, on March 14, 2014., How does she look today? Musician Lady Gaga speaks at the 2014 SXSW Music, Film + Interactive Festival at the Hilton on March 14, 2014 in Austin, Texas., Bill Gates, founder of Microsoft and co-chairman of the Bill and Melinda #Gates Foundation, participates in an interview session with television host George Stephanopoulos at the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards' inaugural Teaching and Learning Conference in Washington,DC on March 14, 2014., The new 2015 Chrysler 200 undergoes assembly at the Sterling Heights Assembly Plant March 14, 2014 in Sterling Heights, Michigan. The plant, originally slated for closure in 2010, was transformed by an investment of more than $1 billion and is now one of the #Chrysler Group's largest and most technologically advanced, with more than 5 million square feet of manufacturing space., Players of the French national female #rugby team celebrate their win against Ireland at the Hameau stadium in Pau, southwestern France, on March 14, 2014. France defeated Ireland 19-15, completed a Grand Slam to win the 6 Nations tournament., People take part in a ceremony and candlelight vigil marking the third anniversary of the start of the violent conflict in Syria, at Campidoglio in Rome, on March 14, 2014. #Syria's civil war enters its fourth year on March 15, leaving behind at least 146,000 dead and millions more homeless, cities and historical treasures in ruins, the economy devastated and no end in sight., This combination of photos shows the Eiffel tower (R) in central Paris through a haze of pollution taken on March 14, 2014 and during clear weather (L) on August 17, 2012. More than 30 departments in France are hit by maximum level pollution alerts since the day before, prompting Ecology Minister to say air quality was "an emergency and a priority for the government.", An Indian laborer sifts colored powder, known as 'gulal', to be used during the forthcoming spring festival of #Holi, inside a factory at Fulbari village on the outskirts of Siliguri on March 9, 2014. Holi, the popular #Hindu spring festival of colors is observed in #India at the end of the winter season on the last full moon of the lunar month and will be celebrated on March 16 this year., A bomb, which exploded near a passenger bus in #Pakistan's southwestern city of Quetta in Baluchistan province, killed at least 10 people and wounded another 37 on Friday, according to doctors. Four of the wounded are in critical condition., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry stand together before a meeting at Winfield House in London on March 14, 2014. Lavrov admitted the crisis over Crimea was "a difficult situation" as began talks with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in London. Kerry said the U.S. and international community will not recognize outcome of vote in Crimea., null, null, null, #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q7: Since the US has tightened up Quantitative Easing (#QE), many countries have felt the pressure. There have been fluctuations in China's exchange rate. Does tightening up QE pose a financial risk for China?

A7: We're all paying close attention to the US exit from QE. The US has the world's strongest economy, and the US dollar is a global currency. Therefore any move in the US dollar affects our financial markets. China cannot avoid this. But since we have healthy foreign exchanges reserves, and capital project is not yet open, the effect on China has been a lot less than on other developing countries, particularly those with less foreign exchange reserves and weak domestic economic foundations. These countries would be more heavily affected., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q6: Are local governments solvent? What about transfer payments?

A6: We should look beyond central government transfer payments. China's #debt is cumulative. It primarily services infrastructure and critical industries. So these debts have asset value, and many of them are income flow. Solvency is strong. The government has taken some measures to enhance the supervision. And I believe that the debt crisis that people are worrying about can be solved., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q5: The next question is about local #debt. Local governments have borrowed a lot for infrastructure investment. Will this debt accumulate and cause problems?

A5: It's on our radar. Some foreign friends have also reminded us of this issue. They're concerned, especially about the debt load. We're concerned about that too. Last year, the central government did an in-depth analysis of the national debt, and was prompt in releasing the data. The consensus is that the red line for the debt to #GDP ratio is 60%. If debt is within 60% of GDP, that's acceptable. Our ratio is 53% in the first half of 2013., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q4: If the situation is not as good as expected, will the government adjust its fiscal and monetary policies?

A4: Good question. I think the concerned departments will make some adjustments at the macro level. From our department there will be no changes to policy, because the National Bureau of Statistics focuses on data. But I think if the government can manage to keep the #economy within its target range, adjustments can be made to improve the economy. Our target this year is 7.5% #growth, keeping inflation to 3.5%. Our goal is economic stability., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q3: Seasonal factors?

A3: Economic volume was small in January and February. But fluctuations do not point to future trends. I think the fundamental thing is that China still has the potential and conditions for stable, sound and rapid development. In addition, China is urbanizing and #urbanization is an ongoing process. There is a lot of growth potential in China in terms of #industrialization, urbanization, the #modernization of agriculture and in the information economy. We are looking to reap dividends from institutional reform. We are looking to modernize our industries and promote innovation. There is a lot of potential and energy., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q2: What do you see as the reasons behind the #slowdown in #economic growth? Is it possible we shall see a further slowdown later this year? Is China's economy at risk of a 'hard landing,' rather than the expected 7.5%?

A2: Many people are concerned that the data from January and February point to a hard landing. I don't think that's likely. The first two months of the year did not indicate a trend because January and February were during the Spring Festival period, which affected the economy. Industrial added value during the January and February period is less than 14% of the whole year. The volume of investment is less than 6% of the whole year., All questions welcome! #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get answers!

Q1: #Economic data was released yesterday for January and February. All the major indicators seem to be falling. These include consumer goods, industrial output and investment, what are the reasons for this?

A1: Some indicators such as investment, consumption and added value in industrial output were lower than expected. But the growth rate was not low. Industrial production grew by 8.6%; retail sales of consumer goods by 11.8%. Although there was a year-on-year decline, in terms of international comparison these figures were still very high., Fifth round of #Live Q&A between Chinese officials & netizens starts RIGHT NOW!

Sheng Laiyun, Spokesman of the National Bureau of Statistics and Director of the Department of Comprehensive Statistics of the National Economy, has just arrived.

#AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!, Any questions to Chinese statistics spokesman, leave here please. #AskChina will start in half an hour!, null, New York officials say an eighth victim has been pulled from the rubble of a gas explosion that destroyed two buildings in East #Harlem. No name or identifying details were given for the body taken from the rubble Thursday. Of the seven other victims recovered, three women and one man have been identified., US Airways airliner aborts takeoff after blowing tire. Initial reports suggest that no one was injured. All inbound flights held at origin after emergency at #Philadelphia International Airport. The departures from the airport are delayed by average of 30 minutes., #Breaking: US Airways airliner at Philadelphia International Airport aborts takeoff after blowing tire., The number of #Americans filing new claims for #unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell and hit a fresh three-month low last week, suggesting a strengthening in labor market conditions. Initial jobless claims declined by 9,000 to a seasonally adjusted 315,000 in the week ended March 8, the Labor Department said Thursday. That marked the lowest level since late November., Too many prisoners,  gangs and drugs but not enough space  It’s pushing a penal system to the brink.  On the next episode of Americas Now, we take a look at the #Brazil's prison: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=4844, Many Americans are already familiar with the service that #Uber provides, but the popular smartphone app’s entry into the Chinese market is shaking up the private car service industry. Uber’s main customer base in the U.S. is the general public, but in China it’s finding its niche in high-end clients. Tonight on Biz Asia America Mark Niu and Zhang Tao’s reports on Uber’s global rise. Watch @ 9:00PM EST!, Alan Greenspan served as Chairman of the U.S. Federal Reserve from 1987-2006, the second-longest tenure of anyone to hold the position. CCTV America’s Phillip Yin asked him for his take on the U.S. economy today and where it is headed in the future. Don't miss the first part of this interview tonight on Biz Asia America at 9:00PM EST!, null, null, null, 李连杰 Jet Li's stunt double among missing from Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370: , null, Beachgoers walk past a sand sculpture at Puri beach made by Indian sand artist Sudersan Pattnaik with a message of prayers for the missing Malaysian Airlines flight #MH370, which vanished from radar early on March 8 with ongoing search operations mounted by multiple nations taking place in the South China Sea, the Malacca Strait, and the Andaman Sea. Malaysia denied March 12 that the hunt for a missing jet was in disarray, after the search veered far from the planned route and China said that conflicting information about its course was "pretty #chaotic"., null, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said Thursday that China will enhance common interests and narrow disputes with neighboring countries for the sake of peace and stability.
He made the remarks at a press conference shortly after the conclusion of China's annual legislative session. #NPC, This handout photo provided on March 13, 2014 by the China Center for Resources Satellite Data and Application (CCRSDA) and released by the website of the State Administration of Science, Technology and Industry for the National Defence of China, shows a satellite image taken from space, illustrating objects in a "suspected crash sea area" in the South China Sea on March 9, 2014, thought to possibly be from the missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 which went missing early on March 8, 2014 after departing Kuala Lumpur for Beijing. China said its satellites have detected three large floating objects in a suspected crash site near where the missing Malaysian jet lost contact, the latest twist in a hunt which entered its sixth day on March 13, 2014., Report from Nathan King on Chinese satellite images which may be wreckage of #Malaysia Airlines MH370. CCTV America 
, The National People's Congress (#NPC), China's parliamentary body, began the closing meeting of its annual session Thursday morning., China's top political advisory body concludes annual session. The second session of the 12th #CPPCC National Committee concluded at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, capital of China, March 12, 2014., #China deploys 10 satellites with high-resolution cameras into orbit above search area for #MalaysiaAirlines #MH370. China's State Administration for Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense said the satellite detected "three suspected floating objects and their sizes." Verification is in progress., An Indian Hindu devotee performs with fire as he participates in a procession ahead of the Holi festival in Amritsar on March 12, 2014. #Holi, the popular Hindu spring festival of colors is observed in India at the end of the winter season on the last full moon of the lunar month and will be celebrated on March 16 this year., Venezuelan students run during clashes with riot police during a protest against the government of President Nicolas Maduro, in Caracas on March 12, 2014. A young man was shot dead in a confused event during protests in the city of Valencia, in northern Venezuela. About 3,000 Venezuelan students marched Wednesday to mark a month since the first deaths in anti-government protests that have now claimed at least 22 lives., People carry umbrellas as they walk out of the U.S. Capitol, on March 12, 2014 in Washington, DC. The Washington area was hit with a fast moving storm causing temperatures to drop., China’s satellite monitoring and control center in the city of Xi’an has maneuvered some 10 satellites with high-resolution cameras into orbit above the search area to locate the missing Malaysia Airlines #MH370, which carried 227 passengers, including 154 Chinese., "MH370, We Are Waiting for You Back Home" displayed on a skyscraper at the Lujiazui Financial District in #Shanghai, China. The flight #MH370, a Boeing 777-200 aircraft, left Kuala Lumpur International Airport at 0:41 a.m. Beijing time (1641GMT on March 7) on March 8 and was expected to land in Beijing at 6:30 a.m. (0030GMT March 8) that day. Contact with the flight was lost along with its radar signal at 2:40 a.m. Beijing time (1840GMT on March 7) on March 8 when it was flying over the Ho Chi Minh air traffic control area in Vietnam. The flight was carrying 12 crew members and 227 passengers, including 154 Chinese., Watched by Yemeni army soldiers, tribesmen loyal to the #Shiite #Muslim Huthi movement gather in Haz, west of the Yemeni capital Sanaa, on March 12, 2014. The rebels have been pushing out from the mountains of the far north to areas closer to #Sanaa to expand their hoped-for autonomous unit in a promised federal #Yemen., U.S. President Barack Obama and Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk shake hands during meetings in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, D.C., March 12, 2014. The first meeting between Obama and #Yatsenyuk comes with the nation in danger of breaking apart when the predominantly ethnic Russian region of Crimea holds a Moscow-backed referendum Sunday on switching over to #Kremlin rule. #Putin, A third person is confirmed after explossion in #Harlem New York: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/12/massive-explosion-in-new-york-city/, Crew members operate on a Chinese Air Force aircraft above sea areas where the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 lost contact, Malaysia, March 12, 2014. Multinational search operation to locate missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has been expanded to two areas with more countries joining in the mission. China has sent eight ships and several aircrafts to help in the search for the flight.
Image from Chinese satellite on 9th shows an object in the possible site of #MH370. Verification is in progress., A group of cleaners clean the ground as they ride tricycles after the closing session of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (#CPPCC), in Tiananmen Square in Beijing on March 12, 2014., With the ongoing crisis in the Ukraine, the referendum will be held this weekend in Crimea. What are possible outcomes for the Ukraine's political future? Watch CCTV America's The Heat on Saturday 7.30pmEST, May it be #MH370? Image from Chinese satellite on 9th shows an object in the possible site of #MH370. Verification is in progress. 
China's State Administration for Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense said the satellite detected three suspected floating objects and their sizes.
More: http://www.sastind.gov.cn, Thousands of people attend the funeral of Berkin Elvan, the 15-year-old boy who died from injuries suffered during last year's anti-government protests, in Istanbul on March 12, 2014. Riot police fired tear gas and water cannon at protesters in the capital Ankara, while in Istbanbul, crowds shouting anti-government slogans lit a huge fire as they made their way to a cemetery for the burial of Berkin Elvan., Firefighters from the Fire Department of New York (#FDNY) respond to a five-alarm fire and building collapse at 1646 Park Ave in the Harlem neighborhood of #Manhattan March 12, 2014 in New York City. Reports of an explosion were heard before the collapse of two multiple-dwelling buildings that left at least 17 people injured., Image from Chinese satellite on 9th shows an object in the possible site of #MH370. Verification is in progress. pic.twitter.com/Ag1FExZLUz, Image from Chinese satellite on 9th shows an object in the possible site of MH370. Verification is in progress. pic.twitter.com/Ag1FExZLUz, President Obama met Ukraine's new Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk in the White House a while ago. After the meeting, Obama said international community 'will be forced to apply costs' if #Russia continues its path in #Ukraine., Working officials group sent by Chinese government to Malaysia and Malaysian officials discuss the case of the missing Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777-200 plane at their special meeting at a hotel near the Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) in Sepang on March 12, 2014. Malaysia has expanded its search area for a missing jet after three days of scouring the sea failed to bring forth any confirmed sightings of wreckage, an official said. #MH370, Beachgoers walk past a sand sculpture at Puri beach made by Indian sand artist Sudersan Pattnaik with a message of prayers for the missing Malaysian Airlines flight #MH370, which vanished from radar early on March 8 with ongoing search operations mounted by multiple nations taking place in the South China Sea, the Malacca Strait, and the Andaman Sea. Malaysia denied March 12 that the hunt for a missing jet was in disarray, after the search veered far from the planned route and China said that conflicting information about its course was "pretty #chaotic"., Three dogs are waiting for their owner to take them home on battery-powered #scooter in Beijing. Dog ownership is popular among China’s elderly and the growing middle class but owners cannot legally keep dogs taller than 36 centimeters in Beijing., Vietnamese Navy's Deputy Commander Rear Admiral Le Minh Thanh speaks to reporters during a press conference on search activities for the missing #Malaysia #Airlines flight 370 in Phu Quoc island on March 12, 2014. Vietnam said on March 12 it had suspended its air search for missing flight #MH370 and scaled back a sea search as it waited for Malaysia to clarify the potential new direction of the multi-national hunt., Q25: Another issue is about #foreign #investment in China. Now many foreign businessmen and investors are suspecting that China’s investment environment is increasingly unfriendly. For example, China has carried out investigations about commercial fraud and pollution problems by foreign investors. What’s your view on that? Should foreign investors be confident about investing in China?

A25: It is not proper to make a conclusion based on individual cases. But if we look at general statistics, it is clear that an increasing number of foreign investors have growing confidence in the investment environment in China. And the number of foreign-funded projects and the total amount of investment are both rising. The fact that we maintained positive growth of FDI even amid recent years of mediocre global investment situation around the world is convincing., It's been five days since Boeing 777 of the Malaysian Airlines went missing and the search for the passenger jet is still on. #Malaysia airline authorities not only don't know what happened to the flight, they don't seem sure where to look., President Obama is hosting #Ukraine's new Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk at the White House on Wednesday.This high profile gesture is aimed at cementing West's allegiance to Ukraine's fledgling government. Yatsenyuk also met US Secretary of State John Kerry at the US State Department in Washington, DC. , Q23: China really hopes to expand its overseas investment. But we have encountered some obstacles from developed countries, such the case of #Huawei. Do you think China’s overseas #investment will suffer from setbacks because of these obstacles?

A23: Chinese enterprises are generally welcomed by foreign enterprises and local residents. All countries are trying to attract foreign investment, so is China, because there’s always a lot of benefit from it. But some countries adopt protective measures on a single or several projects for the interests of certain business groups. I don’t think this will affect China’s overseas investment very much. It has been long time since cases like Huawei’s happened. But if we look at general statistics in the past, we can see that China’s outbound investments are still rising rapidly, enjoying an average annual growth rate of over 20% in the past five years.

Q24: So you are optimistic?

A24: Generally speaking, the market plays a critical role. Thanks to market demand, Chinese enterprises have the motives to go global, and they are welcomed by many foreign governments and enterprises. That is why I am optimistic., Q22: have you ever heard of some complaints from local African workers that Chinese company owners exploit local workers and cause some environmental problems?

A22: There are so many Chinese enterprises entering African market, and we cannot rule out the possibility that some unqualified enterprises are involved. But this is just a tiny part of the picture., 
Q21: Did China’s economic activities bring benefit to people in #Africa?

A21: We have brought numerous benefits to Africa. Let me give you an example. I’ve been to an iron mine in Liberia invested by China’s Wuhan Iron and Steel Corporation, with an annual production capacity of over a million tons. Apart from mining, China has also built a lot of infrastructure and public facilities like highways, railways, schools and hospitals in Liberia, and a harbor is also on the construction agenda. All these projects have greatly benefited local development., There is a specific example. A very famous animal rights activist, #JaneGoodall, compares China-Africa relations with colonialism in the 19th century. She said China's economic activities in Africa haven’t brought much benefit to local people.

A20: She’s a much-revered zoologist and I think she’s nearly 80 years old. She’s been in Africa for many years. She’s a true expert in animals and a fervent advocator in animal protection. But that doesn’t mean she also knows much about social and economic development in Africa and about China-Africa relationship. I think she has a rather biased view on the matter. She sees only a trunk, but not the whole forest. Out of her love for animals and her concern for natural resources and the environment, she might have allowed too many emotional factors to get in her judgment., Q19: Besides the US and European countries, another focus is #Africa. Here’s a question raised by a netizen: It seems that there’s a fierce competition between China and Japan in Africa. Is China pursuing its own version of neo-colonialism in Africa?

A19: I don’t think so. China and Japan have different industrial structures and it’s not true to say we are competing with Japan in Africa out of direct interest conflicts. It is totally groundless to say that China is pursuing neo-colonialism in Africa. What is colonialism? It’s the act of mass immigration into other countries in an attempt to forcefully occupy indigenous resources concerning economy, society and culture, often involving the enslavement of the native people. All this has nothing to do with what China is doing in Africa., Is this a sign that China will move part of its #manufacturing abroad?

A18: China has already started moving some manufacturing enterprises or capacity abroad. Apart from Southeast Asia, we’re also entering other developing countries including Latin America, as well as the United States and some European countries., Q17: Now there is a question about our outbound investment. #SAIC is to enter #Thailand in 2014 to cooperate with the biggest financial group of Thailand. What's your view about Chinese auto industry securing foothold in Southeast Asia's largest manufacturing hub?

A17: I think it’s good for Chinese enterprises to go global and it is also beneficial for Thailand. Thailand has the biggest auto manufacturing base in southeast Asia with many advantages in technology, workforce, equipments and market, and its cars have been exported to many countries and regions. China’s auto industry is also developing rapidly and we encourage domestic enterprises to develop overseas, including in Thailand and other southeast Asian markets., Latest on building explosion in New York City. , Q16: China has set up the #FTZ as a trailblazer. We hope one day we can apply the pattern to other parts of the country. What can we borrow from its experience for further opening up of the whole country?
Q16: We are gathering experience now, and trying to find what can be duplicated in future FTZs. After all, the Shanghai FTZ just started five months ago. It is the first of its kind in China. Hopefully we’ll have the second and the third., HAPPENING NOW: NYC Officials speak on #HarlemExplosion & building collapse: Watch Live here: bit.ly/1g9kV7Z, Q15: At this stage of evaluation what’s your impression of the performance of Shanghai #FTZ?

A15: It is a good phenomenon to see more domestic and foreign enterprises registered. More foreign businesses are allowed into China, and they can invest in more areas. Another example is trade facilitation. In the past, it would take a week to transport goods from the United States to Guangdong via Shanghai; but now, it takes only three days. Currently, new mechanisms such as paperless trading have been employed, which greatly promote trade efficiency. These are all positive outcomes., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q14: Is the current situation and development of Shanghai #FTZ satisfactory? Does this trial meet out original goal?

A14: We are making an evaluation. It’s mentioned in this year's government work report that new pilot zones will likely be launched in qualified areas this year. It’s only been several months since the launch of the Shanghai FTZ, and it’s too early to tell if it lives up to our expectation., UPDATE: Two people died during fire explosion in #Harlem, NYC. Watch Llive: http://www.cctv-america.tv/livenews/, #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q13: What is the difference between the #FTZ and special economic zones previously set up?

A13: The main difference is that there are more preferential policies in #FTZ. The first is there is no minimum requirement for registered capital. You can even start a business with one yuan. Second, we are adopting the modality of Negative List plus Pre-establishment National Treatment, so areas outside the Negative List are equally open to foreign and domestic investors, and no examination and approval process is needed for investments in these areas. Thirdly, trade facilitation is guaranteed by simplifying the customs clearance procedures., Q12: Many people are talking about the new #Shanghai #FTZ. FTZ is a new trial, and they concern what are the characteristics of Shanghai FTZ? And what special favorable policies can a new investor get in Shanghai FTZ?

A12: The name of Shanghai Pilot FTZ reflects the three features of it, "Free, Trade, and Pilot zone". All these words imply reform and innovation., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q11: Will the use of #Bitcoin affect the use of regular currency, or even trade settlement?

A11: Online shopping and e-commerce reflect trend of development. But the key is to solve the problem of payment. Financial departments are directly responsible for improving the payment system, and the Ministry of Commerce will work closely with them., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q10: Another question related to e-commerce. What does ministry of commerce think of Bitcoin?

A10: The use of #Bitcoin does not fall into MOFCOM portfolio, I have no comment., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q9: I think he ask the question because Premier Li said that the statistics are sometimes inaccurate. So he coined the #KeqiangIndex to judge economic performance by consumption of electricity, railway freight transport volume and total loans. What’s your comment?

A9: We cannot exclude individual scenarios of inaccuracy in the counting process, but the chance of such inaccuracy is little, because we have a system to review the abnormalities. We will correct any inaccuracy once it’s detected in the review., #NewYork City Building Collapses in Massive Explosion. Watch us online : http://www.cctv-america.tv/livenews/, #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q8: Here is a question from an overseas audience. He wonders whether the statistics from Ministry of Commerce and other ministries are real.

A8: Our #statistics is based on accurate calculation and published after careful verification. Of course it is accurate., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q7: will China face much pressure in #export then?

A7: I don't think so. On the one hand, some goods used to be exported may be diverted to the domestic market due to increasing domestic consumption. While on the other side, some of our products, which used to be at relatively low-end, may get their brands established and accepted by more people and find more foreign markets thanks to transformation and upgrading. They can be exported to Europe, the US and emerging markets. Therefore there will be both downside and upside for export., Massive explosion in New York City causes building to collapse. Details here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=4513, #BREAKING NEWS: Massive Explosion in New York; building collapsed., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q6: You just talked about China's #economic #transformation, and Premier Li has talk about the transformation many times in this year's government report. It means that China would begin to rely more on consumption. How will this affect China's foreign trade?

A6: Boosting #consumption will bring more import, instead of export. Many of the wealthy middle class will buy some high-end consumption goods and services, and imports of these things will surely increase, and they already did in the past few years. Cameras, high-end clothing, shoes and bags for instance. As we continue to adjust our consumption structure, especially as a bigger proportion of national income goes to the general public, more people will have stronger purchasing power, and this will have a positive effect on the imports of consumption goods., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q5: But in comparison with the two-digit #growth rate of previous years, 7% or 7.5% is quite a large drop.

A5: Yes, the growth rate has declined a bit, but that decline happened against the backdrop of restructuring and industrial transformation and upgrading guided by macro control and regulation of government. #Economic growth did have some effect on foreign trade, but mainly on exports. 

Quarterly figures can provide a more objective picture. In January, the US and Japan were recovering. Their #import demand was picking up. Therefore setting aside seasonal reasons, our #export has been OK and still growing.

Moreover, a few of our good export markets, e.g. Brazil, South Africa, Russia and India among emerging economies have seen volatility in their foreign trade. 

Unlike before, now we mainly export to three blocks of countries, US, Japan and Europe; neighboring economies; and emerging markets and developing countries, each accounting for about 1/3., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q4: Foreigners want to know whether China's foreign #trade will continue to deteriorate. China's #economy is now slowing. Will this slowdown affect foreign trade?

A4: There is no need to worry. China's economy is steady rather than slowing down. Our exports are growing., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q3: China's foreign #trade in February fell by 18% year-on-year. How do you explain this level of volatility?

A3: Indeed we saw a large decline in #exports. But the main reason is that Spring Festival falls in January or February. This year the holiday was in February. Many companies delivered their exports in advance, so that their sales would not be affected. Many migrant workers went home during the holiday, which also affects production., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q2: Is China's Ministry of Commerce prepared for any eventuality? If the #crisis continues, could it affect trade with China and the Asia-Pacific region?

A2: We hope the crisis will be resolved. But our sense is that its effect will be minimal, especially for investment. Currently, the actual influence is very little., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q1: A lot of people are worried about #Ukraine. It affects China, and the global political and economic landscape. What do you think its impact will be on foreign trade?

A1: Political, economic and social stability matter for an export-oriented economy like China. But Ukraine situation will not have a big affect on #China, because our trade volume with Ukraine is small. I do not think it will have a large effect on the #yuan exchange rate, or #trade., Join us LIVE to #AskChina with the spokesman of China's Ministry of Commerce. Give us your questions, and we will help to find an answer!, null, Today's #AskChina will start in 30 minutes! Leave your questions here, and we will pass to Chinese officials to answer!, null, A crane loads a container onto a cargo ship at a port in Tokyo on March 10, 2014. Japan's economic growth in the last quarter of 2013 was weaker than previously thought, revised data showed on March 10, underscoring concerns about the pace of recovery driven by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's economic growth blitz., Thousands of Orthodox Jews gather on Water Street in lower Manhattan March 9, 2014 to pray and protest against the current effort by the Israeli government to pass a law to draft religious Jews into its army. The gathering is intended as a show of solidarity with the Orthodox Jews in the State of #Israel, who gathered last Sunday at the entrance of Jerusalem in the what some have called the largest protest of its kind in recent history. Most estimated the crowd there at over 600,000 men, women and children., Will you be angry if you have relatives on board the missing flight? A relative of passengers on Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 questions an aid worker from Malaysia in a hotel in Beijing on March 11, 2014. #Relatives of Chinese passengers on Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 were still clutching to faint straws of hope for their loved ones, four days after the aircraft went missing., null, U.S. servicemen perform daily routines by a 437th Air Wing C-17 military transport plane on the runway at the U.S. transit center in Manas, 30 kilometers outside Kyrgyzstan's capital Bishkek on March 6, 2014. US transit center at Manas started formally closing down operations after the U.S. forces chose an air base in Romania as their new transit hub for Afghanistan-bound troops. Kyrgyzstan's parliament voted last June 2013 not to renew the lease of its Manas airbase from 2014 to the United States, which uses it to ferry troops and equipment for the coalition military campaign in Afghanistan., Marine One helicopter, carrying U.S. President Barack Obama, prepares to land next to the Presidential limousine, known as "The Beast," at the Wall Street landing zone in New York City, March 11, 2014, prior to attending Democratic fundraisers and stopping at a Gap clothing store to highlight his proposal to raise the federal minimum wage., LIKE and SHARE if you support them. Members of Team 26, Katrina Niez is kissed by her husband Dennis upon her arrival at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, DC, March 11, 2014, after competing a 400-mile bike ride with her team members who embarked in the 2nd annual Sandy Hook Ride on Washington "in support of common sense legislation to reduce gun violence. #sandyhook, Have you ever try it? New York City Mayor Bill De Blasio has proposed a ban on the #carriages, though opposition to the ban has been growing. A horse attached to a horse drawn carriage waits on the side of the street to take tourists on tours through Central Park on March 11, 2014 in New York City., How much you earn every hour? U.S. President Barack Obama pays for clothing purchases for his family alongside store employee during a visit to a Gap clothing store in New York City, March 11, 2014, to highlight his proposal to raise the federal #minimum #wage., People look at the #Eiffel tower and Paris' roofs through a haze of pollution. French non-governmental organization (NGO) Ecologie Sans Frontiere (Ecology without borders) confirmed on March 11 that they had filed a criminal #complaint in Paris to denounce the "health scandal" of air pollution, as several regions of France experienced high levels of particulate pollution., Dignitaries pose for the official photograph with Chile's new President Michelle Bachelet at Cerro Castillo Palace in Vina Del Mar, Chile on March 11, 2014. Socialist Michelle Bachelet took the oath of office as president of #Chile Tuesday, returning to power after four years with a reform agenda to reduce social disparities in this prosperous South American country., CCTV's Mike Walter sat down with Former U.S. President #JimmyCarter to discuss the past, present and future of U.S.-China Relations. Watch the full interview here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3825  , Protesters clash with police in Kadikoy, on the Anatolian side of Istanbul, on March 11, 2014. Turkish riot police fired tear gas on March 11 at protesters massed outside a hospital after the death of a teenage boy wounded during anti-government protests last year and left comatose. Berkin Elvan, 15, who has been in a coma since June 2013 after being struck in the head by a gas canister during a police crackdown on protesters, died on March 11, his family announced via Twitter., Balloons in the shape of doves are released into the air during a memorial service for tsunami victims at the former Yuriage junior high school in Natori, Miyagi Prefecture on March 11, 2014 on the third anniversary of the massive earthquake and tsunami that hit northern Japan. The 9.0 magnitude earthquake in 2011 sent a huge wall of water into the coast of the Tohoku region, splintering whole communities, ruining swathes of prime farmland and killing nearly 19,000 people., Ground staff signals as a Vietnamese Air Force seaplane lands upon return from a search and rescue mission for the missing Malaysia Airlines (MAS) flight #MH370 off Vietnam's southern coastline, at a military base on the southern island of Phu Quoc. Dozens of ships and aircraft from multiple nations scoured an expanded swathe of Southeast Asia on March 11 for any sign of a Malaysian jet that vanished with 239 people on board, as frustration mounted over the baffling disappearance., LIKE this #musical? The Queen musical "We Will Rock You" is to close in its London home after 12 straight years, producers said on March 11, 2014. While #London has been the show's home, it has been performed in 28 countries and seen by a more than 16 million people worldwide., A crew member on a Vietnamese Air Force Russian-made MI-171 helicopter checks a map during a search flight some 200 km over the southern Vietnamese waters off Vietnam's island Phu Quoc on March 11, 2014 as part of continued efforts aimed at finding traces of the missing Malaysia Airlines #MH370., Taiwan Aborigines pose for a photo in front of a China Airline A330 Airbus during a promotional ceremony to launch the "Visiting Indigenous Tribes of Taiwan Liveried Aircraft " in Taoyuan, near Taipei on March 11, 2014. There are 14 indigenous tribes, consisting of about 530,000 people or two percent of the population in Taiwan., Members of the media take pictures as Malaysian police officials (C and R) display photographs of one of the two men who boarded missing Malaysia Airlines #MH370 flight using stolen European passports at a press conference near Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang on March 11, 2014. Malaysian police said on March 11 one of two suspect passengers who boarded a missing passenger jet was an Iranian illegal immigrant, as relatives of some of the 239 people on board said they were losing hope for a miracle., null, Recap: #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q7: Many Chinese #enterprises fail in their overseas #investments. Are you worried by this?

Q7: Yes, there are failures. Our overseas investment has reached 3.7 trillion yuan. Only 9.9% of the liabilities belong to #SOEs, so the percentage is small. In general, our overseas performance is better than domestic performance., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q6: What is "disruptive" #innovation?

A6: It's to break the old mindset model, to find opportunities and to create new values. SASAC will create a favorable environment to encourage entrepreneurship., #AskChina Recap:
Q4: Some people say that #SOEs will eventually be obsolete?

A4: #Capitalism has been evolving for 500 years, socialism and SOEs only have a history of 100 years. So in terms of time, SOEs are a rising sun, not a setting sun. I believe SOEs will grow robustly for 30 years after the reforms. SOEs now have the following features: 1. diversified ownership. By 2013, 80% of SOEs had become joint-stock companies. 2. 60% of state assets have been listed. SOEs are robust because of diversified ownership., #AskChina Recap:
Q3: Some owners of #private #companies have said #SOEs can't afford to lose. Do you agree?

A3: Very good question, we have established an accountability system to track down the causes of loss-making in SOEs. In general, business is like war, there are winners and losers. It's normal. We have a strict restraint system, which may hold back the innovation and creativity of entrepreneurs. We will further deepen reform, encourage them to be more innovative and grasp the opportunity of the market-place., Q2: It's reported that the Chinese government won‘t be willing to open up key areas such as #energy and #transportation, is that true?

Q2: It's not true. In the Third Plenary #Session of the 18th Party Congress, we highlighted that we wanted to push forward with reform in monopolized areas. Some are naturally monopolized, because one firm can provide a low-cost, efficient service better than many firms. For example, the state electricity grid and gas., #AskChina Recap:
Q1: As we know "#reform" is the word that we see most in this year's government work report. What does this mean for private capital and foreign capital?

A1: "Reform" indeed is a buzz word in the #TwoSessions. It appears 72 times in the work report. The reform of #SOEs is of great concern. I think mixed-ownership reform is good news. #SOE reform will be carried out in four forms: 1. solely state-owned enterprises. This is not the major form. 2. State-controlled enterprises. Most central SOEs will be transformed into state-controlled enterprises. 3. Relatively state-controlled enterprises. 4. state-participation enterprises., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q16: What are the challenges that private and foreign capital will bring to #SOEs?

A16: The challenge is huge. The 100 trillion of state assets are extremely valuable. Around 60% of state assets are in listed companies, so there is great liquidity. In light of this, there are many people craving these assets. Great risks are involved in mixed ownership. It is a big challenge to protect the interests of state investors., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q15: It’s not the first time China says it's opening up to the private sector. What does mixed ownership mean to you ? Is it a heavier burden or less responsibility?

A15: One of the topics discussed at the current Two Sessions is deepening SOE reform and enhancing SOE supervision. By the end of 2013, there were about 1000 SOEs under shared control of SASAC, 131 under central control.

Q15: What's the total asset of these SOEs?

A15: The total asset of SOEs under SASAC control stands at 100 trillion.

Q15: Does the figure include overseas investment?

A15: Yes. The Chinese investment is expanding around the world, #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q14: Some people say that #SOEs are declining, so will they die out?

A14: #Capitalism has been evolving for 500 years, socialism and SOEs only have a history of 100 years. So in terms of time, SOEs are a rising sun, not a setting sun. I believe SOEs will grow robustly.

SOEs now have the following features:
1. Diversified ownership. By 2013, 80% of SOEs were reformed into joint-stock companies.
2. 60% of state assets are in listed companies. In the 378 central SOEs listed as of the end of last year, non-state shareholding accounts for 53%, state shareholding only 47%. 

SOEs are robust because of diversified ownership., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q13: Are #SOEs excellent employers because they can give good salaries?

A13: Because of democratic management and good treatment, they make the employees feel they are fairly treated.

Q13: So is there any #competition?

A13: Yes, and SOEs learn from each other, we learn from private firms, from their high efficiency. Private firms should also abandon the Jungle-rule mindset, learn from SOEs, learn to respect their employees, to motivate them., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q12: The West doubts that our #investment in #Africa is to help infrastructure construction there. Can you talk a little on this from the perspective of return on investment?

A12: All investment there is commercial. There are two kinds of investment. One is aid loans. The Chinese contractors there can be SOEs or private enterprises. The investment not only helps the development of Africa but also brings profits to Chinese enterprises., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q11: Do #SOEs enjoy any favorable #policies?

A11: Yes.

Q11: Some say SOEs develop so well only because of government subsidies? What's your response?

A11: It is a misunderstanding. Firstly, there are no capital subsidies. Secondly, there is no favorable tax treatment for SOEs. In the long term, SOEs pay more taxes than private enterprises., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q10: In many areas, a lot of people have lost their jobs due to #SOE #reform. How does #SASAC view this?

A10: First, central enterprises and SOEs are mainly in #capital-intensive or technologically-advanced industries, which don't need a large labor force. To add more jobs, the key is the service industry, in the private sector. Second, SOEs are exemplary employers among all Chinese firms. We have a list of most popular firms in China and SOEs are always among the Top 10 spots., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q9: People say that #SOEs don't invest much overseas, some believe they invest for political purpose, how do you see it?

A9: It's a misunderstanding. Through years of reform, our principle is to let SOEs make their own decisions in a market economy. The overseas investment has been on the rise, every investment is for profit, rather than political purposes. Their decision-making rights are not affected by the government. Their board can make their own decisions, to consider if an investment is profitable., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q8: Are there figures that can show #corruption leading to the loss of state assets?

A8: I don't have any figures. We are strengthening our anti-corruption efforts., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q7: Many Chinese #enterprises fail in their overseas #investments. Are you worried by this?

Q7: Yes, there are failures. Our overseas investment has reached 3.7 trillion yuan. Only 9.9% of the liabilities belong to #SOEs, so the percentage is small. In general, our overseas performance is better than domestic performance., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q6: What is "disruptive" #innovation?

A6: It's to break the old mindset model, to find opportunities and to create new values. SASAC will create a favorable environment to encourage entrepreneurship., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q5: Another topic is anti-#corruption in SOEs, which is a key area for #reform, for example petroleum. Do you think #SASAC should take responsibility for this?

A5: This case is a lesson for us to learn. We look after a large amount of businesses and we are highly concerned about these kinds of cases. SASAC is responsible for SOEs. We have a clear-cut attitude about corruption, we will crack down hard., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q4: Some people say that #SOEs will eventually be obsolete?

A4: #Capitalism has been evolving for 500 years, socialism and SOEs only have a history of 100 years. So in terms of time, SOEs are a rising sun, not a setting sun. I believe SOEs will grow robustly for 30 years after the reforms. SOEs now have the following features: 1. diversified ownership. By 2013, 80% of SOEs had become joint-stock companies. 2. 60% of state assets have been listed. SOEs are robust because of diversified ownership., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q3: Some owners of #private #companies have said #SOEs can't afford to lose. Do you agree?

A3: Very good question, we have established an accountability system to track down the causes of loss-making in SOEs. In general, business is like war, there are winners and losers. It's normal. We have a strict restraint system, which may hold back the innovation and creativity of entrepreneurs. We will further deepen reform, encourage them to be more innovative and grasp the opportunity of the market-place., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q2: It's reported that the Chinese government won‘t be willing to open up key areas such as #energy and #transportation, is that true?

Q2: It's not true. In the Third Plenary #Session of the 18th Party Congress, we highlighted that we wanted to push forward with reform in monopolized areas. Some are naturally monopolized, because one firm can provide a low-cost, efficient service better than many firms. For example, the state electricity grid and gas., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q1: As we know "#reform" is the word that we see most in this year's government work report. What does this mean for private capital and foreign capital?

A1: "Reform" indeed is a buzz word in the #TwoSessions. It appears 72 times in the work report. The reform of #SOEs is of great concern. I think mixed-ownership reform is good news. #SOE reform will be carried out in four forms: 1. solely state-owned enterprises. This is not the major form. 2. State-controlled enterprises. Most central SOEs will be transformed into state-controlled enterprises. 3. Relatively state-controlled enterprises. 4. state-participation enterprises., #AskChina: read the full conversation of today's Q&A event here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/11/askchina3rd/, Third round of #Live Q&A between Chinese officials & netizens starts RIGHT NOW!

Chu Xuping, director of a research center under the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, has just arrived!

#AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!, null, null, #AskChina recap:
Q13: Sixty percent of Chinese rely on underground #water. But we don’t have the technology to prevent #pollution of this resource. The environmental damage will be irreversible. What is the MEP doing to protect China’s water #resources?

A13: It’s true. It would be difficult and costly to purify the water. We can ensure that deep-level underground water is safe for drinking, but water closer to the surface can be polluted by industrial sources. Population growth is also depleting water. Multi-agency efforts are being made. For example, the Ministry of Health regulates household water. Also, we have two major water diversion projects underway taking water from the south to the north. The eastern route is already functioning. The central route will come on line this year relieving water shortages in the North China Plain., Britain's Queen Elizabeth II arrives for the annual Commonwealth Observance service at Westminster Abbey in central London on March 10, 2014. The annual Observance is marked by a multi-faith service at Westminster Abbey in honour of the Commonwealth of Nations, the organisation of 53 member states of which the queen is the head. This year's theme at the service celebrates Glasgow's hosting of the 2014 #Commonwealth Games., Venezuelan public health workers scuffle with riot police during a protest in Caracas on March 10, 2014. At least 20 people have died and 300 others wounded since protests first erupted, giving President nicolas Maduro his biggest test since succeeding late leader and leftist icon Hugo #Chavez almost a year ago., Q10: Local government is protecting some #enterprises. Other big #firms want to take #responsibility for the #environment.

A10: We should look at the question another way. The punishment for polluters is too small. For example, the maximum is 100,000 yuan.

Q11: 100,000 yuan, no matter how much they pollute?

A11: Yes, the maximum. It's a one-off fine. Sometimes the cost of fixing the problem is greater than the fine, so they pay the fine. We are revising certain articles in the Law on Environmental Protection to increase the penalties. This will force companies to take action.

Q12: Zhu Jianping suggested raising the #fine for polluters to 1 million Yuan. Is it correct that the fine depends on the volume of emissions?

A12: The #penalty used to be 100,000. However, we could calculate it in terms of days. Or the penalty could be 500,000 or 1 million. It could depend on the cost to the environment. The point is, we want to use the penalty system to tackle the problem., Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu speaks to the press in southern Israeli port of Eilat, on March 10, 2014, as Israel displayed advanced rockets type M-302 capable of reaching distances of up to 200 km that were unloaded from the Panamanian-flagged Klos-C vessel on March 9, 2014 in the southern Israeli port of Eilat. The vessel, which was allegedly transporting arms from Iran to Gaza, was escorted into the port of Eilat after Israeli naval commandos seized it on March 5, 2014., Q9: State Owned Enterprises have been accused of using their political clout to avoid responsibility for #pollution. The government has been accused of protecting these #enterprises. What is your take on this issue?

A9: There has been an excessive emphasis on GDP growth in certain regions. And it’s not just about protecting big companies, but also small ones. The common perception is that big companies pollute more. But that's not the case, if they obey the law. On the contrary, many small #companies are low tech, and often pollute more. The new administration understands that #GDP can stress the environment. We are transitioning from double digit growth to 7.5% growth. Along with industrial restructuring, we will adjust the performance evaluation system for government officials. We need to establish an open-ended evaluation system for tracking environmental pollution. An official working in a certain place should be held responsible for environmental problems caused during his or her tenure, even after he or she leaves office., Own a #Ford? A 2014 Ford Explorer XLT performs a full-frontal crash impact test into a wall at 30mph at the Crash Barrier Dearborn Development Center March 10, 2014 in Dearborn, Michigan. Ford has performed 2 million crash test simulations in the past ten years., Ecuador's President Rafael Correa and his Mexican counterpart Enrique Pena Nieto wave from a balcony of the Carondelet presidential palace in #Quito on March 10, 2014. Pena Nieto is in Ecuador to sign bilateral agreements, Pro-Russian forces dubbed the "military forces of the autonomous republic of Crimea" stand before their swearing-in ceremony in the Republican military enlistment complex in Simferopol on March 10, 2014. Ukraine sought urgent Western backing after #Russian President Vladimir #Putin insisted that #Crimea had the right to join his country even while hinting at a readiness for dialogue. The self-declared leadership on the predominantly ethnic Russian peninsula of Crimea has proclaimed independence from #Kiev and set a March 16 referendum on switching over to #Kremlin rule., NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden speaks via videoconference at the "Virtual Conversation With Edward #Snowden" during the 2014 SXSW Music, Film + Interactive Festival at the Austin Convention Center on March 10, 2014 in Austin, Texas., Police officers bow to offer prayers in silence for the victims in Namie, near the striken TEPCO Fukushima Dai-ichi nuclear plant in #Fukushima prefecture on March 10, 2014, one day before the third anniversary of March 11 massive earthquake and tsunami. The 9.0 magnitude earthquake in 2011 sent a huge wall of water into the coast of the Tohoku region, splintering whole communities, ruining swathes of prime farmland and killing nearly 19,000 people., Q8: I want to ask about what we call "#cancer villages". Many farmers are living in heavily polluted areas. In "cancer villages", one reason for the high rates of cancer is that the villagers are living near the sources of #pollution. Another reason is that the pollution seeps into their fields. How can these people be compensated?

A8: We have often heard this term in recent years. We are working to reduce the pollution and monitor people’s #health. China’s legal system has issued judicial rulings on pollution. If pollution exceeds a certain level, the punishment of the responsible party will be increased. The MEP is also the relevant authority for establishing standards on the affect of pollution on people's health. We will use scientific methods to assess levels and hold polluters accountable., Q7:2.5% of China’s #land is polluted by heavy #metals and is no longer arable. Arable land per capita has been declining in recent years, and is below half the world standard. What is the MEP doing about soil pollution?

A7: #Soil #pollution can impact health. During the 11th five-year plan, we conducted research. But we were only able to get a rough idea of the problem due to limitations with the research. We don’t have precise national statistics on the extent of soil pollution. However, we are working on the root cause of the problem by working to control the amount of heavy metal in water. The cost of cleaning polluted soil is high, even for wealthy countries like the United States. In China, it’s true that the soil surrounding certain refineries and battery plants has been somewhat polluted by heavy metals., A poster carrying messages for the passengers of the missing Malaysia Airlines Boeing #MH370 777-200 plane is seen at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) in Sepang on March 10, 2014., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q6: What is the role of wind in easing #smog?

A6: There are two key factors in pollution. One is the density of #pollutants. Theoretically speaking, the higher the concentration of emissions, the worse the air is. However, given a particular density of pollution, unfavorable weather may make it worse. For example, if one tonne of PM 2.5 is emitted when there is no wind, the pollution may be concentrated in a small region. But when the weather is better, the situation can also be better., What do you want to share? People write on a poster carrying messages for the passengers of the missing Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777-200 plane at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) in Sepang on March 10, 2014. Malaysia has expanded its search area for a missing jet after three days of scouring the sea failed to bring forth any confirmed sightings of wreckage, an official said. He added that besides searching in waters between Malaysia and Vietnam, authorities were also searching on land in Malaysia and off western #Malaysia. #YourSay, #Infographic: Malaysia Airlines #MH370 flight still missing., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q5: The #smog in Beijing impacts surrounding regions. Neighboring countries are even worried about the #pollution. 

A5: The environment has no boundary. Wind and air currents might carry pollution from one place to another. We cannot say who will be impacted by the smog. There have to be two conditions for smog formation: One. The concentration of particulate matter has to be high; Two. No wind. Who will be affected by the smog is not the right question. What matters is how others are affected by particulate matter. Many overseas media accuse China's pollution of affecting their countries. But pollution is two-way. China is a responsible country. We are actively researching long-distance transmission of pollutants. In addition, we are working with Japan, South Korea and the United States. What matters most is HOW MUCH pollution is being transmitted. The process of transmission is highly complex and involves physical and chemical processes associated with PM2.5., Italian tourist Luigi Maraldi, 37, who had reported his passport stolen in August 2013, shows his current passport next to Thai police officers during a press conference at a police station in Phuket island, southern Thailand, 09 March 2014. Two passengers on the missing Malaysia Airlines aircraft #MH370 were reported travelling on the stolen passports of Luigi Maraldi and one of an Austrian citizen who reportedly had his papers stolen two years ago., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q4: You're also talking about the #Air #Quality Index. We know a lot of people have an app for monitoring #AQI. They'll check it in the morning and decide whether to open the windows, go out or not, etc. Many people have commented that the AQI published by the MEP is different from that available from the US Embassy. The MEP reading is usually lower. Why?

A4: That was a popular question in 2012, because before 2013 the #MEP did not include PM 2.5. On Feb 29, 2013, the State Council mandated a new standard, which included PM 2.5 readings for 74 major cities including Beijing, Hebei, and Tianjin, and the Yangtze and Zhujiang River Deltas. The MEP uses six indicators. Several embassies are located in regions we monitor. The PM 2.5 reading should be the same for the MEP and the embassies. However, some of their indicators do not match ours, so sometimes the results are different., A woman stands in front of a giant screen showing the number of hours since Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 went missing, in Beijing March 10, 2014. China urged Malaysia to step up the search for a Malaysia Airlines jetliner that went missing with 239 people on board, about two-thirds of them Chinese, and said it has sent security agents to help with an investigation into the misuse of passports. The screen also shows the number of Chinese people on board the plane., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q3: So far we've only had an orange #alert. Do you expect we'll have a red alert?

A3: Different cities have different rating standards. So particular ratings do not mean a lot. However, a red alert would mean that our average #pollution index was above 500 for a whole day. This would be intolerable. I hope we never see such an alert and that we see more clear skies., Q18: The war against pollution requires greater awareness of environmental pollution. A netizen is asking whether China’s elementary schools have EP courses to teach #children abut #pollution?

A18: We have several ways of teaching environmental awareness in our #schools. We have dedicated courses with special EP textbooks. There are also courses which integrate EP awareness into subjects like botany, physics and biology. Outside of school, we also do community education to spread awareness of EP. We want everybody to learn more about environmental pollution. That is a task for all of us., China's Haitao Du (C), China's Dexin Zou (L) and Germany's Tino Uhlig compete during the Men's Cross Country 20 km Classic Standing at XI Paralympic Olympic games in the Rosa Khutor stadium near Sochi on March 10, 2014., Q17: Can #smog kill, and does it cause #cancer?

A17: In January 2013 the smog lasted 11 days. In February 2014 it lasted 7 days. The pollution level was high. The number of reports of patients having breathing difficulties or problems has increased. The smog is especially detrimental to the elderly, the weak and the young. Whether smog kills is a complex problem, requiring a huge amount of data collected over a long time. We need to compare death and cancer rates under conditions of smog and no smog. The MEP is working with public health authorities to strengthen research. So far we only have data for one year, which is very little. We need to work together., Q16: Some experts have suggested that Chinese #dam construction has contributed to a number of recent #earthquakes in China. Specifically, a number of media reports have proposed a connection between the Zipingpu Dam and the Sichuan earthquake in 2008. Has your ministry ever considered this matter? Could China’s larger dam projects, like Three Gorges, potentially pose similar earthquake risks?

A16: Major projects like the Three Gorges Dam are not under the management of the MEP. But we participated in the feasibility studies. The Three Gorges Dam was decided at the level of the central government. Smaller projects can be managed by local governments. We do not oversee these projects so we cannot say too much about them., Q15: What happens if a #polluter's trading rights run out? 

A15: The prerequisite for trading is good environmental standing and a quota deficit. Quota sellers can use the revenue to upgrade their plants, strengthen pollution controls, or reduce pollution. It's beneficial to companies, and environmentally sound areas aiming to achieve economic development., When will they finally find it? An Indonesian Navy pilot conducts an aerial search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 in the waters bordering Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand on March 10, 2014. Mystery deepened on March 10 over the fate of the Malaysian jet carrying 239 people, as tests on oil slicks scotched suspicions it was aircraft fuel while the search for debris failed to yield any trace of the missing aircraft., Indonesian Navy pilots conduct an aerial search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 in the waters bordering #Indonesia, #Malaysia and #Thailand on March 10, 2014. Mystery deepened on March 10 over the fate of the Malaysian jet carrying 239 people, as tests on oil slicks scotched suspicions it was aircraft fuel while the search for debris failed to yield any trace of the missing aircraft., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q2: What is the main cause of air #pollution? Burning coal, or car #exhausts?

A2: Both answers make sense. Pollution in China and the West comes from more than one source. Before the 1980s, burning coal was the main cause of pollution. But as car ownership has increased and the urban environment has been built up, car exhausts and dust from construction sites have added to air pollution. So, we're shifting from burning coal as the primary source of pollution to a mix of burning coal and cars., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q14: We know a price must be paid for pollution. The Chinese government is considering introducing #carbon trading in 2015~2016. How does carbon trading work?

A14: It's a process of trading #pollution. It will cost money to pollute. I may emit less and sell my carbon trading rights to you. This practice is normal in western countries. In China, we have several pilot projects, for example in Zhejiang Province., Q13: Sixty percent of Chinese rely on underground #water. But we don’t have the technology to prevent #pollution of this resource. The environmental damage will be irreversible. What is the MEP doing to protect China’s water #resources?

A13: It’s true. It would be difficult and costly to purify the water. We can ensure that deep-level underground water is safe for drinking, but water closer to the surface can be polluted by industrial sources. Population growth is also depleting water. Multi-agency efforts are being made. For example, the Ministry of Health regulates household water. Also, we have two major water diversion projects underway taking water from the south to the north. The eastern route is already functioning. The central route will come on line this year relieving water shortages in the North China Plain., Q10: Local government is protecting some #enterprises. Other big #firms want to take #responsibility for the #environment.

A10: We should look at the question another way. The punishment for polluters is too small. For example, the maximum is 100,000 yuan.

Q11: 100,000 yuan, no matter how much they pollute?

A11: Yes, the maximum. It's a one-off fine. Sometimes the cost of fixing the problem is greater than the fine, so they pay the fine. We are revising certain articles in the Law on Environmental Protection to increase the penalties. This will force companies to take action.

Q12: Zhu Jianping suggested raising the #fine for polluters to 1 million Yuan. Is it correct that the fine depends on the volume of emissions?

A12: The #penalty used to be 100,000. However, we could calculate it in terms of days. Or the penalty could be 500,000 or 1 million. It could depend on the cost to the environment. The point is, we want to use the penalty system to tackle the problem., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

Q1: I'd like to start with the Report, which used the phrase: "war against #pollution". Does wording like this put a lot of pressure on the ministry?

A1: This is the most serious wording we've ever used. First, it shows the government's determination to fight pollution; second, pollution in some areas is becoming really serious, holding back economic and social development, and affecting public health. With this mandate from the government, we are facing a bigger task. But the clearer direction going forward provides guidance. So that relieves some of the pressure. What matters is that we can go about our work more effectively and contribute to the improvement of the environment., Q9: State Owned Enterprises have been accused of using their political clout to avoid responsibility for #pollution. The government has been accused of protecting these #enterprises. What is your take on this issue?

A9: There has been an excessive emphasis on GDP growth in certain regions. And it’s not just about protecting big companies, but also small ones. The common perception is that big companies pollute more. But that's not the case, if they obey the law. On the contrary, many small #companies are low tech, and often pollute more. The new administration understands that #GDP can stress the environment. We are transitioning from double digit growth to 7.5% growth. Along with industrial restructuring, we will adjust the performance evaluation system for government officials. We need to establish an open-ended evaluation system for tracking environmental pollution. An official working in a certain place should be held responsible for environmental problems caused during his or her tenure, even after he or she leaves office., Q8: I want to ask about what we call "#cancer villages". Many farmers are living in heavily polluted areas. In "cancer villages", one reason for the high rates of cancer is that the villagers are living near the sources of #pollution. Another reason is that the pollution seeps into their fields. How can these people be compensated?

A8: We have often heard this term in recent years. We are working to reduce the pollution and monitor people’s #health. China’s legal system has issued judicial rulings on pollution. If pollution exceeds a certain level, the punishment of the responsible party will be increased. The MEP is also the relevant authority for establishing standards on the affect of pollution on people's health. We will use scientific methods to assess levels and hold polluters accountable., Q7:2.5% of China’s #land is polluted by heavy #metals and is no longer arable. Arable land per capita has been declining in recent years, and is below half the world standard. What is the MEP doing about soil pollution?

A7: #Soil #pollution can impact health. During the 11th five-year plan, we conducted research. But we were only able to get a rough idea of the problem due to limitations with the research. We don’t have precise national statistics on the extent of soil pollution. However, we are working on the root cause of the problem by working to control the amount of heavy metal in water. The cost of cleaning polluted soil is high, even for wealthy countries like the United States. In China, it’s true that the soil surrounding certain refineries and battery plants has been somewhat polluted by heavy metals., Q6: What is the role of wind in easing #smog?
A6: There are two key factors in pollution. One is the density of #pollutants. Theoretically speaking, the higher the concentration of emissions, the worse the air is. However, given a particular density of pollution, unfavorable weather may make it worse. For example, if one tonne of PM 2.5 is emitted when there is no wind, the pollution may be concentrated in a small region. But when the weather is better, the situation can also be better., Q5: The #smog in Beijing impacts surrounding regions. Neighboring countries are even worried about the #pollution. 

A5: The environment has no boundary. Wind and air currents might carry pollution from one place to another. We cannot say who will be impacted by the smog. There have to be two conditions for smog formation: One. The concentration of particulate matter has to be high; Two. No wind. Who will be affected by the smog is not the right question. What matters is how others are affected by particulate matter. Many overseas media accuse China's pollution of affecting their countries. But pollution is two-way. China is a responsible country. We are actively researching long-distance transmission of pollutants. In addition, we are working with Japan, South Korea and the United States. What matters most is HOW MUCH pollution is being transmitted. The process of transmission is highly complex and involves physical and chemical processes associated with PM2.5., Q4: You're also talking about the #Air #Quality Index. We know a lot of people have an app for monitoring #AQI. They'll check it in the morning and decide whether to open the windows, go out or not, etc. Many people have commented that the AQI published by the MEP is different from that available from the US Embassy. The MEP reading is usually lower. Why?

A4: That was a popular question in 2012, because before 2013 the #MEP did not include PM 2.5. On Feb 29, 2013, the State Council mandated a new standard, which included PM 2.5 readings for 74 major cities including Beijing, Hebei, and Tianjin, and the Yangtze and Zhujiang River Deltas. The MEP uses six indicators. Several embassies are located in regions we monitor. The PM 2.5 reading should be the same for the MEP and the embassies. However, some of their indicators do not match ours, so sometimes the results are different., Q3: So far we've only had an orange #alert. Do you expect we'll have a red alert?
A3: Different cities have different rating standards. So particular ratings do not mean a lot. However, a red alert would mean that our average #pollution index was above 500 for a whole day. This would be intolerable. I hope we never see such an alert and that we see more clear skies., Q2: What is the main cause of air #pollution? Burning coal, or car #exhausts?

A2: Both answers make sense. Pollution in China and the West comes from more than one source. Before the 1980s, burning coal was the main cause of pollution. But as car ownership has increased and the urban environment has been built up, car exhausts and dust from construction sites have added to air pollution. So, we're shifting from burning coal as the primary source of pollution to a mix of burning coal and cars., #AskChina: read the full conversation of today's Q&A event here: bit.ly/1cOAUse, Q1: I'd like to start with the Report, which used the phrase: "war against #pollution". Does wording like this put a lot of pressure on the ministry?

A1: This is the most serious wording we've ever used. First, it shows the government's determination to fight pollution; second, pollution in some areas is becoming really serious, holding back economic and social development, and affecting public health. With this mandate from the government, we are facing a bigger task. But the clearer direction going forward provides guidance. So that relieves some of the pressure. What matters is that we can go about our work more effectively and contribute to the improvement of the environment., The 2nd round of #Live Q&A between #Chinese #officials and YOU has just started. Leave us your questions on China's air #pollution, urban #drainage, arable land shrinkage etc with Zhu Jianping, Deputy Director of the Department of Environmental Monitoring of the Ministry of Environmental Protection of the People's Republic of China.

#AskChina here, and we will help to find an answer!, null, People attend a two-day forum entitled "Promoting Peace in Muslim Societies" on March 9, 2014 in Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates., Indian sand artist, Sudersan Pattnaik, gives final touches on a sand sculpture with a message of prayers for the missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 - which vanished from radar early on March 8 somewhere at sea between Malaysia and Vietnam - at Puri beach, some 65 kilometers away from Bhubaneswar, on March 9, 2014. Malaysia on March 9 said a missing airliner carrying 239 people may have inexplicably turned back, as authorities launched a terror probe into the plane's sudden disappearance, investigating suspect passengers who boarded with stolen passports., The 8th statement by MAS GCEO, Ahmad Jauhari Yahya.

In the statement, he said," The primary focus at this point in time is to care for the families. Caregivers are already assigned to each family and they are trained staff and volunteers from Malaysia and Australia. Family members of the MH370 passengers from Beijing who wish to travel will be flown in stages to Kuala Lumpur on the available flights. ", Second round of #Live Q&A between #Chinese #officials and YOU is to start tomorrow 9 a.m ET!

Air #pollution, urban #drainage, arable land shrinkage…… and much more are all on the table. 

This time comes to the Ministry of Environmental Protection of the People's Republic of China.

About Zhu Jianping:
Zhu Jianping, Deputy Director of the Department of Environmental Monitoring of the Ministry of Environmental Protection of the People's Republic of China, has been working in environmental monitoring for over 30 years after he graduated from Nanjing University in 1982. 

Join us on March 10 as Zhu Jianping takes your questions LIVE.

You can also leave us your questions here or tweet them to CCTV America and CCTVNews. #AskChina, The 2nd round of #AskChina Live Q&A event will start at 9a.m. Monday morning. Leave your questions about #China's environmental protection, nuclear safty etc. 
Leave your questions here or tweet us #AskChina CCTVNews or CCTV America. We will pass the question to the guest.
http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/09/askchina2/, The third round of the #Live Q&A between #Chinese #officials and #netizens is to start on March 11. Chu Xuping, director of a research center under the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, will take your questions.

The State-owned Assets Supervision & Administration Commission of the State Council (SASAC) mainly performs investor's responsibilities, supervises and manages the state-owned assets of the enterprises under the supervision of the central government (excluding financial enterprises).

The SASAC guides and pushes forward the reform and restructuring of state-owned enterprises (SOEs).

Ask your questions here or tweet them to CCTV America and CCTVNews . All questions welcome! #AskChina, Interpol says no country checked its database that held information about two stolen passports that were used to board an ill-fated Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 with 239 people on board.  http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=4002, Malaysia Airlines official meets relatives of passengers on missing jet

Dr. Hugh Dunleavy, Director of Commercial, Malaysia Airlines, met with the relatives of those onboard the missing flight #MH370 in Beijing on March 9.

He told Beijing News reporters that although they were hoping for the best, since it had been more than 30 hours since they lost contact with the airplane, they were growing increasingly pessimistic.

He further added that the company would publish updates as soon as possible., It’s been more than 30 hours since anyone has heard from Malaysia Airlines flight #MH370 and all 239 people on board. An international search and rescue mission is underway for any sign of the plane.  : http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3987, Latest statement issued by Malaysia Airlines on missing flight #MH370:, Possibilities that Rescue Teams Will Find the Malaysian Plane | CCTV America's conversation with Peter Goelz http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/09/possibilities-that-rescue-teams-will-find-the-plane/ , #Breaking: Vice Governor of Yunnan Province, Shen Peiping is under investigation for suspected severe violation of laws and discipline, according to Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the CPC., Vietnam’s Air Force Planes Discovered Two Oil Slicks | CCTV America Live from Ho Chi Minh City http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3974, Families of #MalaysiaAirlines Passengers are Angry about Being Kept in Dark | CCTV America Live from Beijing cctv-america.tv/?p=3969, Live from #Bejing #Vietnam with the latest on the missing flight #MH370! Watch us online @ bit.ly/NLtYpQ,  Two listed on the manifest of the missing Malaysia Airlines flight match passports reported stolen in Thailand:http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3965, This week on THE HEAT: the extraordinary stories of former U.S. President Jimmy Carter. Watch live today @ 7:30PM EST! http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3825, Still no evidence of wreckage of missing Malaysian plane #MH370, U.S. Jobs Report Shows Good Signs for Economy. Details here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3931, Latest statement from #MalaysiaArlines  on flight #MH370 has been released: bit.ly/NKH0DN, Malaysia Airlines Holds Press Conference in Beijing on Missing Flight #MH370. Find out latest details: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3902, #MH370 press conference updates: No confirmation of its whereabouts; ships will continue searching but planes resume rescue tomorrow. If MH370 is confirmed crash, Malaysia Airlines will arrange passengers' families go to the location. Airlines bear financial responsibility. Malaysia Airlines says fake passports report not confirmed,and priority is to assist the families of passengers.  There is also no confirmation of floating oil belonging to aircraft., Latest statement from #MalaysiaAirlines on search of flight #MH370: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/08/malaysia-airlines-releases-full-manifest-of-flight-mh370/, An information screen displays a message "Let Us #Pray For #Flight #MH370", regarding the missing Malaysia Airlines flight, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang March 8, 2014. The flight carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew went missing over the South China Sea on Saturday, presumed crashed, as ships from countries closest to its flight path scoured a large search area for any wreckage., #UPDATE: #Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak (C) with his deputy Muhyiddin Yassin (L) and acting Transport Minister Hishamuddin Hussin (R) speak during a press conference at Kuala Lumpur International Airport, Sng, Selangor, Malaysia, May 08 2014. A Malaysia Airlines plane with 239 people on board went missing early 08 March 2014 while on its way to Beijing, the airline's chief executive said. Malaysia Airlines said in a statement that flight MH370 was carrying a total of 227 passengers, including two infants, and 12 crew members. A Malaysia Airlines official said 158 Chinese passengers were on the plane. The Boeing 777-200 aircraft was expected to land in Beijing. According to media reports passengers on missing flight were from: #China, #Malaysia, #Indonesia, #Australia, #France, #USA, #New Zealand, #Ukraine, #Canada, #Russia, #Italy, the #Netherlands and #Austria., #UPDATE: An aerial view of an oil spill is seen from a Vietnamese Air Force aircraft in the search area for a missing #Malaysia #Airlines plane, 250 km from Vietnam and 190 km from Malaysia, in this handout photo from Thanh Nien Newpaper taken on March 8, 2014. The Malaysia Airlines flight carrying 227 passengers and 12 crew went missing off the Vietnamese coast on Saturday as it flew from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing and was presumed to have crashed. There were no reports of bad weather and no sign why the Boeing 777-200ER, powered by Rolls-Royce Trent engines, would have vanished from radar screens about an hour after take-off., #UPDATE: 

Saturday, March 08, 04:20 PM MYT +0800 Malaysia Airlines MH370 Flight Incident - 4th Media Statement

Sepang, 8 March 2014: Malaysia Airlines is still unable to establish any contact or determine the whereabouts of flight MH370. Earlier today, Subang ATC had lost contact with the aircraft at 2.40am. The last known position of MH370 before it disappeared off the radar was 065515 North (longitude) and 1033443 East (latitude).

We are still trying to locate the current location of the flight based on the last known position of the aircraft. We are working with the International search and rescue teams in trying to locate the aircraft. So far, we have not received any emergency signals or distress messages from MH370. We are working with authorities and assure that all sources are deployed to assist with the search and rescue mission. 

The passenger manifest will not be released until all families of the passengers have been informed. The flight was carrying a total number of 239 passengers and crew – comprising 227 passengers (including 2 infants) and 12 crew members.

We are deploying our “Go Team” to Beijing which will depart Kuala Lumpur International Airport at 4.30pm with a team of caregivers and volunteers to assist the family members of the passengers.

The passengers are of 14 different nationalities. All crew on-board are Malaysians.

Please take note that the earlier statement did not include the number of Indian nationals. This was due to confusion between the country code of Indonesia and India.

The below table shows the latest number of passengers and their nationalities:-

Nationality

Total

China/Taiwan

154 including infant

Malaysia

38

India

5

Indonesia

7

Australia

6

France

4

USA

3 including infant

New Zealand

2

Ukraine

2

Canada

2

Russian

1

Italy

1

Netherlands

1

Austrian

1

Our focus now is to work with the emergency responders and authorities and mobilize our full support.

Our thoughts and prayers are with all affected passengers and crew and their family members.

The public may contact +603 7884 1234.

For media queries, kindly contact +603 8777 5698/ +603 8787 1276.

The airline will provide regular updates on the situation. There are many unvalidated reports out in the media and Malaysia Airlines strongly urges the media and the public at large to only report from official statements from Malaysia Airlines and the Government of Malaysia., China state media says Vietnam authorities detect signals from missing #Malaysia Airlines plane #flight MH370. 
Meanwhile, relatives and friends of #passengers on a missing Beijing-bound Malaysian aircraft are waiting anxiously for arrival of the plane.
#China has launched an #emergency mechanism after a flight carrying 158 Chinese lost contact with air controllers earlier Saturday., China is very worried over a Beijing-bound plane that has lost contact with air traffic control, Foreign Minister Wang Yi said Saturday. "The news is very disturbing. We hope everyone on the plane is safe," said Wang.
He made the remarks at a press conference on the sidelines of the annual session of the National People's Congress, China's top legislature.
Wang said that China's Foreign Ministry and the related departments have activated emergency response mechanism.
"As soon as we have any more information, we will give it to you immediately," he said., According to CCTVNEWS twitter, China's Civil Aviation Admission has confirmed that 158 people on the plane were Chinese nationals: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OthVlmiWpG0, Venezuela has expelled Panama's ambassador and three other diplomats amid growing tensions over opposition protests. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro accused Panama of working with the United States to topple his government., Statement by #MalaysianAirlines : http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3840, Malaysian Airlines Loses Contact with Passenger Jet. WATCH LATEST DETAILS: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OthVlmiWpG0  , Malaysian Airlines has lost contact with one of its jets, a Boeing 777-200 en route to Beijing, the airliner said on March 8 2014 on its Facebook page. The flight was carrying a total number of 227 passengers including two infants and 12 crew members, among which more than 150 are Chinese.
In this picture, a Malaysia airlines plane was being pulled at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sng, May 20th, 2003., MORE: #Malaysia airlines looses contact with passenger jet: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3830, BREAKING: A Malaysian passenger plane carrying 239 people, including 227 passengers and 12 crew members, has lost contact with air traffic control after leaving Malaysia's capital Kuala Lumpur, the carrier said Saturday.

Malaysia Airlines said flight MH370, a Boeing 777-200, lost touch with Subang Air Traffic Control around 02:40 a.m. local time Saturday morning (1840 GMT Friday).

The aircraft left Kuala Lumpur International Airport at 00:41 a.m. (1641 GMT Friday) and was expected to land in Beijing at 06:30 a.m. (2230 GMT Friday).

"The flight was carrying 227 passengers (including two infants), 12 crew members," the airline said in a statement.

"Malaysia Airlines is currently working with the authorities who have activated their search and rescue team to locate the aircraft," the airline said., BREAKING: A Malaysian passenger plane carrying 239 people, including 227 passengers and 12 crew members, has lost contact with air traffic control after leaving Malaysia's capital Kuala Lumpur, the carrier said Saturday.

Malaysia Airlines said flight MH370, a Boeing 777-200, lost touch with Subang Air Traffic Control around 02:40 a.m. local time Saturday morning (1840 GMT Friday).

The aircraft left Kuala Lumpur International Airport at 00:41 a.m. (1641 GMT Friday) and was expected to land in Beijing at 06:30 a.m. (2230 GMT Friday).

"The flight was carrying 227 passengers (including two infants), 12 crew members," the airline said in a statement.

"Malaysia Airlines is currently working with the authorities who have activated their search and rescue team to locate the aircraft," the airline said., http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/07/nicaraguas-water-dilemma/, Do you think China is doing enough to fight pollution? Hundreds of millions of people living in China’s industrial zones lack a supply of safe drinking water. Pollution from factories and sewage is still widespread, but authorities say they’re introducing new water recycling plants to take on the issue. Hang Peng visited one of these plants in Tang Shan.
Watch his full report tonight at 8 PM EST on Biz Asia America., null, Artists perform on a ship during the Opening Ceremony of XI #Paralympic #Olympic games at the Fisht Olympic Stadium close to city of #Sochi on March 7, 2014., U.S. President Barack Obama greets guests as he arrives to speaks after visiting a classroom at Coral Reef High School in Miami, Florida on March 7, 2014., "Hank the dog" sits on the field before the spring training game between the Milwaukee #Brewers and the San Diego #Padres at Maryvale Baseball Park on March 7, 2014 in Phoenix, Arizona., #China’s National People's Congress (#NPC) and the 12th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (#CPPCC) have been meeting in Beijing to discuss the country’s future.
What's #YourSay on China’s role in today’s world?, Sacrifices, flowers and origami cranes are presented to mourn the victims of a #terrorist #attack at the square of Kunming Railway Station in #Kunming, capital of southwest China's Yunnan Province, March 7, 2014, seven days after the bloodbath. A group of knife-wielding attackers slashed frantically at crowds at Kunming railway station on March 1, killing 29 innocent lives and injured 143 others., People mourn the victims of a terrorist attack at the square of Kunming Railway Station in Kunming, capital of southwest China's Yunnan Province, March 7, 2014, seven days after the bloodbath. A group of knife-wielding attackers slashed frantically at crowds at Kunming railway station on March 1, killing 29 innocent lives and injured 143 others., null, A Chinese soldier jumping over a ring of fire during a tactical training mission in Heihe, northeast China's Heilongjiang province. The latest 12.2% increase to China's defense budget serves world peace and is no threat to anyone, state media said. China is the largest personnel contributor to UN peace-keeping missions among the five permanent members of the UN Security Council. It also regularly sends naval task forces to conduct escort missions in the Gulf of Aden and off the coast of Somalia., Venezuelans and their supporters show their support for the anti-government protests in Venezuela as they wait for President Barack Obama to arrive at Miami-Dades Coral Reef Senior High on March 7, 2014 in Miami, Florida. President Obama was scheduled to make remarks about education later today., Panagiotis Babouskas stands in front of the memorial of #Ligiades during the visit of the German and Greek Presidents at Ligiades, a village near Ioannina, some 420 kilometers Northwest of Athens, on March 7, 2014. Panagiotis was an infant only a few months when he was found alive in the arms of his dead mother in 1943, when #German troops massacred around 90 civilians of the village., #Infographics：China’s #tax collection and #livelihood expenditure, A Libyan youth displays his skills in #parkour, an extreme sport, during a friendly competition set up by the youth in the capital Tripoli on March 7, 2014. Practitioners leap from roof-to-roof, run up the side of buildings until they flip backwards, vault over park benches or cartwheel along walls., Artists perform under the flag of #Russia in the Fisht Olympic Stadium during the opening ceremony of the 2014 Winter #Paralympic #Games in the Black Sea resort of Sochi on March 7, 2014., The U.S. delegation enters the Fisht Olympic Stadium during the opening ceremony of the 2014 Winter #Paralympic #Games in the Black Sea resort of Sochi on March 7, 2014., Second round of #AskChina Q&A between #Chinese environmental #officials & #netizens is to start on March 10th. 

The Ministry of Environmental Protection is an executive agency under the State Council charged with developing and organizing the implementation of national policies and plans for #environmentalprotection and ecological conservation. The ministry also manages the supervision and administration of #nuclearsafety.

Ask your questions here or tweet them to @CCTVNEWS and CCTV America. All questions welcome! #AskChina, #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! First round of Q&A between Chinese officials & netizens!
Mao Qunan, spokesman for the National Health and Family Planning Commission (#NHFPC) of the People’s Republic of #China
Complete coverage at: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3690

Q10. What are the key tasks facing your commission this year?

A10. The major task is to reform the medical system, including the public hospital system and health insurance. Meanwhile, we should implement the change to the one-child policy, and provide support for families who want to take advantage of the new policy. Third, in the field of public health, we need to prioritize disease prevention and control. Fourth, we need to improve the services provided by all departments of the medical system., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! First round of Q&A between Chinese officials & netizens!
Mao Qunan, spokesman for the National Health and Family Planning Commission (#NHFPC) of the People’s Republic of #China
Complete coverage at: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3690

Q9. Is same sex marriage on your official agenda? Do you see China legalizing same sex marriage in the future? If so, when?

A9. The issue is not within the remit of my department. But personally I am interested. In china, in recent years we have avoided the #gay issue. But if we can talk about it in public, is that progress? Maybe. I don't know. Perhaps it will help society better understand. May it will help find better solutions., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! First round of Q&A between Chinese officials & netizens!
Mao Qunan, spokesman for the National Health and Family Planning Commission (#NHFPC) of the People’s Republic of #China
Complete coverage at: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3690

Q8. Top leaders meet #HIV patients and the law bans discrimination on HIV grounds. But in reality, people with HIV may lose their jobs.

A8. We have made progress in combating the disease, and infection rates are low. The government has made promises to the international community with respect to HIV patients, and provided a lot of assistance. In addition, patient information is classified. But people with HIV do suffer social discrimination: not only for HIV/AIDS, other diseases too. The fundamental issue is to educate the public on the limited risk of infection., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! First round of Q&A between Chinese officials & netizens!
Mao Qunan, spokesman for the National Health and Family Planning Commission (#NHFPC) of the People’s Republic of #China
Complete coverage at: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3690

Q7. China has over 300 million smokers. Although the government did announce a ban on #smoking in public places and then banned officials from doing so too in December, there is criticism that the effort is lagging, and that implementation of the bans has not been effective. How does the commission plan to improve on this?

A7. We working within the WTO's anti-tobacco guidelines. We have taken a number of measures. Smoking is bad for the smoker and those around him or her. We have banned cigarette advertising. We have banned smoking in public. Last year we banned government officials from smoking in public.

Q7. How effective has the campaign been to get officials to stop smoking in public?

A7.It is working. Officials have been obeying the order. Smoking has also been banned at the NPC and CPPCC meetings. It's a sign of the seriousness of the government on this issue. Smoking in public is now illegal.

Q7.The government revenue from the tax on cigarette sales is 600 billion yuan each year. Will this create a conflict of interest?

A7. Many local government derive income from taxing tobacco. We will reduce the area under cultivation for #tobacco., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! First round of Q&A between Chinese officials & netizens!
Mao Qunan, spokesman for the National Health and Family Planning Commission (#NHFPC) of the People’s Republic of #China
Complete coverage at: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3690

Q6. Are drugs in China overpriced? What is your opinion?

A6. It's not easy to judge the treatment process. For example: medical checkups. We should have a standardized examination and treatment process. However, the overuse of antibiotics has to be dealt with.

Q6. Is there an acceptable level of antibiotic use?

A6. It does not work like that. If a patient needs antibiotics, then the doctor should prescribe them. But some patients do not need antibiotics. In addition, not every medical practitioner is qualified to prescribe antibiotics., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! First round of Q&A between Chinese officials & netizens!
Mao Qunan, spokesman for the National Health and Family Planning Commission (#NHFPC) of the People’s Republic of #China
Complete coverage at: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3690

Q5. Media have reported a series of assaults on medical staff in China. Does China have a comprehensive medical system that is accessible to everyone? Why do patients think they are treated unfairly?

A5. Some data: China's hospital system deals with 7.3 billion cases each year. Each year, 120 million people are admitted to hospital. There have been 70 disputes. Although it's a lot, given the number of patients, it's not very high. President Xi Jinping has called for anybody who assaults medical staff to be dealt with by the law. We hope that in dealing with this we can use dispute settlement or insurance or something similar. We oppose any abuse of medical staff. And we are looking to solve this problem., Indian medical staff treat an injured male #leopard at the Assam State Zoo in Guwahati on March 07, 2014. The leopard was rescued from the residential area of Kahalipara in Guwahati., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! First round of Q&A between Chinese officials & netizens!
Mao Qunan, spokesman for the National Health and Family Planning Commission (#NHFPC) of the People’s Republic of #China
Complete coverage at: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3690

Q3. State media recently announced that officials in Shaanxi Province would be punished for their involvement in a forced #abortion. They also said the victim would be compensated. Are there any plans for an investigation to punish other officials who have been involved in forced abortions or to compensate other victims?

A3. This is a serious issue that global media picked up. As far as I know, local governments have punished the people directly responsible. This relates to another policy in China: the need to ban forced abortion for women, especially late in their pregnancies. This is a brutal act., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! First round of Q&A between Chinese officials & netizens!
Mao Qunan, spokesman for the National Health and Family Planning Commission (#NHFPC) of the People’s Republic of #China
Complete coverage at: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3690

Q4. The draft of the amendments to the #FoodSafety Law was published for comments in October 2013. What are the key changes that we can expect to see that could make the law more effective?

A4. A focus on people. A change in the law. Last year we set up a new organization to monitor food safety. The role of the NHFPC is to establish standards, because we are the body responsible for people's health. We are responsible for any risks to food safety. The new organization has been effective. It integrates a number of organizations under one umbrella. We consider that the issue of monitoring food safety has been solved.

Q4. Food safety is a real problem in China. Chinese restaurants are very popular around the world. But here in China, can we eat the local food?

A4. We have done a lot to solve the problems. China's restaurants are very safe., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! First round of Q&A between Chinese officials & netizens!
Mao Qunan, spokesman for the National Health and Family Planning Commission (#NHFPC) of the People’s Republic of #China
Complete coverage at: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3690

Q2. The ratio of male to female births in China is skewed towards boys, and is not in line with global norms.

A2. This is a real problem for our entire society. Many couples want to have boys. We take this issue very seriously. The government has taken some measures to ban sex identification and abortion if it is not for health reasons. If we let nature take its course, the balance of male to female births will be restored., Squirrel "Quincy" is wrapped into a towel at a squirrel care center in Berlin on March 7, 2014., A Syrian man runs past rubble as smoke billows in the background following a reported air strike by #Syrian government forces on March 7, 2014 during the Friday prayers in the Sukkari neighborhood of the northern city of Aleppo. More than 140,000 people have been killed in #Syria since the start of a March 2011 uprising against the #Assad family's 40-year rule., Singer Patti LaBelle performs during the “In Performance at the White House: Women of Soul” in the East Room of the White House on March 6, 2014 in Washington, DC., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! First round of Q&A between Chinese officials & netizens!
Mao Qunan, spokesman for the National Health and Family Planning Commission (#NHFPC) of the People’s Republic of #China
Complete coverage at: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3690

Q1. The Chinese government is planning to loosen its one child policy to allow more than one child under certain circumstances. Why is the government doing this now? 

A1. China has had a family planning police for more than 40 years, and has contributed a lot to China's development. However, in the 21st century, there have been great demographic changes. The government realizes this and has decided to adopt a new policy whereby so long as at least one parent is an child, a couple can have a second child.

Q1. The Beijing government has said that in general the new changes will not affect the overall policy.

A1. In general, China will still have a family planning policy. In the past, we understood this as a one-child policy. But now we are adjusting to changing circumstances.

Q1. Beijing has a very high cost of living. Couples will find it difficult to raise two children. Will the government provide financial incentives for families with two children? Or will the two-child policy become a perk for wealthy people?

A1. We surveyed people's willingness to have a second child. Many people say they don't intend doing this. Some said for economic reasons. Some women said they were worried about their jobs. So, in rolling out this policy the government will provide support. In some places, the government has instituted support and technological services for women who want to have children when they are older., Malala Yousafzai, the Pakistani girl shot by the Taliban after campaigning for girls' education, speaks during the "We Day" event in north west #London on March 7, 2014. We Day UK is part of a global youth initiative aimed at inspiring young people into #community service. #WeDay #Malala, Sudanese fundamentalists shout slogans during a rally in the #Sudanese capital Khartoum on March 7, 2014 in support of Muslims in neighboring Central African Republic, where French and African troops are deployed to stop sectarian killings. Banners, written in Arabic, French and English, called #French President Francois Hollande a war criminal and urged Muslim countries to "boycott" France., Peach tree blossoms bloom in the valleys below the Mont Canigou mountain near Perpignan, southern France, on March 7, 2014. Despite floods in its northeastern regions, #France has enjoyed an unusually warm winter, with January 2014 equaling the previous warmth record of 1936 and 1988., People look at a Carlsson CS50 Versailles edition car model at the stand of the German car tuning company during the Geneva Motor Show on March 7, 2014, in Geneva. For extravagance, luxury and bling-bling lovers, the #German manufacturer #Carlsson presents the World's first car decorated with #gold leaf. Around thousand gold leafs were used to cover the body of the tuned model car, a #Mercedes S500 new generation, which is part of a special edition of 25 copies only., Japanese cherry blossoms bloom not far from the #Eiffel Tower, in Paris, on March 7, 2014. Despite floods in its northeastern regions, #France has enjoyed an unusually warm winter, with January 2014 equaling the previous warmth record of 1936 and 1988., AFP photojournalist Abbas Momani stands next to his damaged car on the road leading to the al-Jalazun #Palestinian refugee camp, near the West Bank Jewish settlement of Beit El, near Ramallah on March 7, 2014 after #Israeli settlers threw stones at the vehicle. Many settlers, who were on the side of the road, threw stones, damaging the vehicle and leaving the #journalist with light injuries., LIKE to have a test drive? A view of the inside of a Carlsson CS50 Versailles edition car model at Geneva Motor Show on March 7, 2014, in Geneva. For extravagance, luxury and bling-bling lovers, the German manufacturer #Carlsson presents the World's first car decorated with #gold leaf. Around thousand gold leafs were used to cover the body of the tuned model car, a Mercedes S500 new generation, which is part of a special edition of 25 copies only., LIKE and SHARE to #celebrate International #Women's Day. A sand sculpture bearing portraits of women including Britain's #Queen Elizabeth II, made by sand artist Sudersan Pattnaik, is pictured at at Puri beach, some 65 kilometers away from Bhubaneswar on March 7, 2014, on the eve of International Women's Day. The United Nations says only 40% of adult women are literate, and they are frequently the victims of violence and abuse. International #Women's Day is marked on March 8 every year. #UN, #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! 
Q10. What are the key tasks facing your commission this year?, #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! 

Q9. Is same sex marriage on your official agenda? Do you see China legalizing same sex marriage in the future? If so, when?, #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! 
Q8. Top leaders meet #HIV patients and the law bans discrimination on HIV grounds. But in reality, people with HIV may lose their jobs. What can help?, #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! 
How effective has the campaign been to get officials to stop smoking in public?, Q6. Are drugs in China overpriced? What is your opinion?

A6. It's not easy to judge the treatment process. For example: medical checkups. We should have a standardized examination and treatment process. However, the overuse of antibiotics has to be dealt with., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! 

Q3. State media recently announced that officials in Shaanxi Province would be punished for their involvement in a forced #abortion. They also said the victim would be compensated. Are there any plans for an investigation to punish other officials who have been involved in forced abortions or to compensate other victims?

A3. This is a serious issue that global media picked up. As far as I know, local governments have punished the people directly responsible. This relates to another policy in China: the need to ban forced abortion for women, especially late in their pregnancies. This is a brutal act., #AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers! 

Q5. Media have reported a series of assaults on medical staff in China. Does China have a comprehensive medical system that is accessible to everyone? Why do patients think they are treated unfairly?

A5. Some data: China's hospital system deals with 7.3 billion cases each year. Each year, 120 million people are admitted to hospital. There have been 70 disputes. Although it's a lot, given the number of patients, it's not very high. President Xi Jinping has called for anybody who assaults medical staff to be dealt with by the law. We hope that in dealing with this we can use dispute settlement or insurance or something similar. We oppose any abuse of medical staff. And we are looking to solve this problem., Delegates including a monk and a soldier leave the Great Hall of the People after a session of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (#CPPCC) in Beijing on March 7, 2014., null, NBA basketball legend Yao Ming, who is a delegate for Shanghai, leaves the Great Hall of the People after a session of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (#CPPCC) in #Beijing on March 7, 2014. #yaoming, null, null, A Chinese paramilitary policeman marches in front of the Great Hall of the People before a session of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) in Beijing on March 7, 2014. President Xi Jinping continued to pressure provincial officials with questions over pollution at the recent meetings of China's top legislative body, signaling growing concerns over the social and political consequences of environmental pollution., null, First round of #Live Q&A between Chinese officials & netizens starts RIGHT NOW!

Mao Qunan, spokesman for the National Health and Family Planning Commission (#NHFPC) of the People’s Republic of #China has just arrived!

#AskChina @CCTVNEWS. Get definitive answers!

We will live update the latest., A man looks at part of a 17th century Chinese painting made on a silk scroll on March 6, 2014, in Bordeaux. Two parts of this Chinese silk scroll painting will be sold at auction on March 7, 2014, by the Briscadieu auction house in Bordeaux., #AskChina is LIVE NOW!! Leave your questions below to get involved! Any questions about China's One-child policy, bird flu, organ trafficking, public health, medical reforms...The spokesman will answer your questions NOW!, Venezuela on Thursday announced the snapping of diplomatic ties with Panama. http://bit.ly/1czzeYT, Xinjiang's top official of the Communist Party of China (CPC) on Thursday pledged a harsh and lasting crackdown on terrorists., A #worker climbs on a cellular communication tower on March 6, 2014 in Oakland, California. The U.S. Labor Department is asking mobile phone providers to increase safety training for crews who perform work on cell tower sites in the United States. According to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (#OSHA), more tower site workers died in 2013 than in the previous two years combined and four workers have died in the first weeks of 2014., Agree or not? Donald Trump, chairman and president of the Trump Organization speaks at the CPAC Conference, on March 6, 2014 in National Harbor, Maryland. He warned #Republicans about #immigration reform in a relatively restrained 18-minute speech, saying that “we either have borders or we don’t.” The American Conservative Union (#CPAC) held its 41st annual Conservative Political conference. #Trump, Do you go to their stores? Staples Inc. announced it plans on closing as many as 12% of its North American stores and cut as much as $500 million in costs. A Staples store is seen on March 6, 2014 in Miami, Florida., The College Board announced the second redesign of the #SAT this century, it is scheduled to take effect in early 2016., Musician Ray Parker Jr. poses with friends and family beside his Star in Hollywood, California on March 6, 2014. Parker was the recipient of the 2,518th star in the Category of Recording along the #Hollywood Walk of Fame., Members of the Portuguese police protest against the government's #austerity measures outside the Portuguese Parliament in Lisbon on March 6, 2014. Thousands of police protested in #Lisbon late over pay cuts imposed by the government as part of an austerity drive to roll back public debt. "Since January they've taken 200 euros ($280) from my monthly pay. And I'm not even counting the pay-cuts over the past three years," said one officer from the center of the country, Antonio Ferreira., Female inmates at the Saint Monica penitentiary facility in #Lima, wait to perform wearing a collection of colonial-style dresses made from recycled materials in a commemorative musical play on March 6, 2014, in advance of the International #Women’s Day., Dancers with the China Ningbo Performance & Arts Group perform a scene from “The Red Dress” during a dress rehearsal before opening night March 6, 2014 at the David H. Koch Theater at the Lincoln Center. The show which runs March 6 – 9 is the first time is has been performed in a major city outside of Asia., How Effective Are U.S Sanctions on Russia? , China finance minister downplays #GDP target and stresses employment. Lou also said the country's ongoing tax reforms in the service industry will help boost jobs in the sector, which has contributed a substantial part of jobs created last year.
The trial of replacing business tax with value-added tax will be expanded to railway, post and telecom services this year, according to the government work report. #NPC #China, China's Finance Minister Lou Jiwei on Thursday called for more comprehensive understanding on the country's growth target this year instead of merely fixating on the 7.5-percent figure.

GDP growth, inflation and employment are all key factors that should be taken into consideration when assessing economic conditions, Lou stressed at a press conference on the sidelines of the annual session of the National People's Congress, China's top legislature.

"Whether the final reading is at a touch more or less than the 7.5 percent target is not that important. Employment is the key," he added. #NPC #China, Xinjiang Communist Party Secretary Zhang Chunxian and other delegates take part in the Xinjiang delegation's group discussion at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 6, 2014. Fighting terrorism and maintaining stability will be the top priority in northwest #China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, said the regional government's chairman on Wednesday. #NPC, Journalists surround Xinjiang Communist Party Secretary Zhang Chunxian (center left with glasses) as they try to ask questions about the recent #terror #attack in #Kunming during the #Xinjiang delegation's group discussion at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 6, 2014. The regional government will firmly crack down on any forms of terrorism, extremism and separatism, said Nur Bekri, chairman of the regional government, at a panel discussion of the Xinjiang delegation during the annual parliamentary session that opened Wednesday., null, null, Young Muslim refugee prepare to pray in a room converted in a classroom in the compound of "Liberte" (Freedom) school in Bossangoa on March 5, 2014. United Nations diplomats will begin hammering out the details of a peacekeeping plan for the Central African Republic on March 6 hoping to restore order to the strife-torn country., The aircraft carrier USS George H W Bush is moored outside Piraeus port southwest from Athens, on March 5, 2014. The 1,092 feet (333 meters) carrier which can carry 6,000 personnel, is one of the world’s largest warships., Isn't it cute? A 9-day old #hippo walks alongside its mother at Chapultepec Zoo, in Mexico City, on March 5, 2014., Venezuelan Army members march during a military ceremony to commemorate President Hugo Chavez's death first anniversary, in Caracas on March 5, 2014. The Venezuelan government commemorates the first anniversary of Chavez with a civic-military parade in Caracas Avenue West, accompanied by Latin American heads of state, amid opposition protests that met a month and have left 18 deceased., Did he do it or not? Oscar Pistorius is seen with family members during his court appearance during his court appearance on the third day of his trial at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria, on March 5, 2014. Oscar Pistorius's defense sought to prove that a married couple who heard screams on the night of Reeva Steenkamp's death colluded in their testimony, hoping to discredit key witnesses on Wednesday., China on Wednesday blasted Japan's criticism of its increasing military spending, saying the moderate growth in China's defense budget is reasonable and in line with the country's economic conditions. "The Chinese People's Liberation Army are not Boy Scouts with spears," said Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang. For more, CCTV's Sean Callebs reports., Chinese Premier Li Keqiang's government work report at the annual National People's Congress (#NPC) session has been closely scrutinized by experts, media and governments around the world., What would be the fate for these 3 journalists from Al Jazeera in Cario's Court? They are accused along with 17 other defendants of spreading "false news" and having links to the Muslim Brotherhood, which Egypt declared a terrorist organization in December., Journalists of Al-Jazeera stand inside the defendants cage during their trial for allegedly supporting the Muslim Brotherhood at Cairo's Tora prison on March 5, 2014. The high-profile case that sparked a global outcry over muzzling of the press is seen as a test of the military-installed government's tolerance of independent media, with activists fearing a return to autocracy three years after the Arab Spring uprising that toppled Hosni Mubarak., She is having a good time, right? Na Li of China fields questions from the media during the WTA All-Access Hour at Indian Wells Tennis Garden on March 5, 2014 in Indian Wells, California., Chinese President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang arrive for the opening session of the 12th National People's Congress (#NPC) in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 5, 2014. "We will resolutely declare war against pollution as we declared war against poverty," Li told the almost 3,000 delegates., Chinese police ride #Segways and pose for photographers before the start of the National People's Congress (NPC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 5, 2014. #China will reform the household registration system and progressively grant urban residency to rural migrant workers and their families who are both willing and able to stay in cities and towns where they have had jobs or done business for a long time, according to the report., Chinese minority delegates from #Yunnan Province leave after the first session of the National People's Congress (#NPC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 5, 2014. China will grant urban residency to around 100 million rural people who have moved to cities, rebuild rundown city areas and villages inside cities that are home to 100 million people, and guide the urbanization of around 100 million rural residents of the central and western regions in cities there. #China, Chinese hostesses pose for photographers during the National People's Congress (#NPC) at the Great Hall of the People in #Beijing on March 5, 2014. China on Wednesday blasted #Japan's criticism of its increasing military spending, saying the moderate growth in #China's defense budget is reasonable and in line with the country's economic conditions., Female #military delegates arrive for the first session of the National People's Congress (#NPC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 5, 2014. #China on Wednesday revealed plans to raise its defense budget by 12.2% to 808.2 billion yuan (about 132 billion U.S. dollars) in 2014., Chinese hostesses pose for photographers during the National People's Congress (#NPC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 5, 2014. Chinese Premier Li Keqiang announced a bold plan on Wednesday to turn more rural people into city dwellers and improve their quality of life. #China, China's annual National People's Congress opens today in Beijing. Watch CCTV America for reports and exclusives! Follow us on Facebook, Twitter and website online., Chinese hostesses jump for photographers before the start of the National People's Congress (#NPC) at the Great Hall of the People (back) in #Beijing on March 5, 2014. #China #AskChina, A Chinese Uighur delegate from #Xinjiang Province is questioned by reporters about issues relating to the attack in #Kunming, after the first session the National People's Congress (#NPC) at the Great Hall of the People (back) in Beijing on March 5, 2014. Premier Li Keqiang on Wednesday strongly condemned the deadly terrorist attack in southwestern Chinese city of Kunming and pledged to crack down hard on terrorism. #China, Ukrainian soldiers stand guard on board the navy corvette Ternopil as Russian forces patrol nearby in the harbor of the Ukrainian city of Sevastopol on March 5, 2014. The Ukrainian soldiers hung mattresses on the edge of the navy ship's railing to prevent Russian forces from forcefully boarding the ship with grappling hooks. Russian forces seized partial control of two Ukrainian missile bases in Crimea today as Western and Russian leaders stepped up efforts to defuse the region's worst crisis since the Cold War., Upon the 2014 opening of the National People's Congress, the Chinese government faces numerous issues for the upcoming year. What’s the top priority for China in the year ahead? Comment below or voice your opinion on Twitter #YourSay, Tonight: Derek Scissors of American Enterprise Institute joins CCTV America's Phillip Yin to discuss Chinese Premier Li Keqiang's government report and new growth target. 
#AskChina on #China's #NPC session. Leave your questions below, and we will try to find an answer., U.S. Sec of State John Kerry is discussing the Ukraine crisis live. Watch online or on mobile: http://www.cctv-america.tv/livenews/, #China's Minister of Environmental Protection Zhou Shengxian on Wednesday called for the public to expose environment-damaging activities and vowed to severely punish those who commit them.

According to recent inspections carried out by the ministry, a few enterprises were found to have secretly discharged pollutants and some environmental protection authorities had loose supervision, Zhou told reporters after the opening of the annual session of the National People's Congress #NPC. Some local governments have protected enterprises that have illegally discharged pollutants, he said.

Leave your question or comments to #AskChina here, and we will try to find an answer., Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday urged the financial hub of Shanghai to continue its leading role in spearheading the country's ongoing reform and opening-up drive.

Xi made the remarks while taking part in a panel discussion with a delegation from Shanghai during the annual session of the National People's Congress (NPC). He encouraged officials to make bold moves in the Shanghai free trade zone (FTZ), launched last year as a test bed for deepening market-oriented reforms, to explore applicable systems for nationwide replication.
#AskChina on #China's #NPC and #CPPCC here and on twitter.
http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/05/xi-urges-shanghai-to-spearhead-reforms-opening-up/, Ukraine’s government has other battles to fight, to save its currency and economy. Its currency continues to weaken as the political and diplomatic turmoil worsens. Details here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=3240, During the press conference, the Russian President not only defended sending troops into Crimea but also described the staging of troops in the area as lawful. He insisted that the decision is in line with international law because Yanukovich, the country’s only legitimate leader requested it: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/05/crimea-reaction-to-russian-president-putins-press-conference/, #China's One-child policy, HIV/AIDS, bird flu, organ trafficking, public health, medical reform...What's your question to #AskChina? We will hand the question to Mao Qun‘an, the spokesman for the National Health and Family Planning Commission, he will give an answer! Or Join us LIVE on 8am 7th here or twitter to ask him., Russia has been accused of an “act of aggression” by the United States over its alleged deployment on Crimea in the Ukraine. U.S. President Barack Obama has declared Russia’s President Vladimir Putin’s statement that no troops have been mobilized was “not fooling anyone.” Obama claims that Russia had no right to Crimea intervention. Upon his visit to Kiev, Secretary of State praises, the “restraint” of the new government.: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/05/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-visits-ukraine/, Highlights: Premier Li's government work report

Following are the highlights of a government work report distributed to media ahead of the annual session of the National People's Congress (NPC) Wednesday morning.
click for detail :http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/05/highlights-chinese-premier-li-keqiangs-government-work-report/, China will continue to implement a proactive fiscal policy and a prudent monetary policy, according to a government work report to be delivered by Premier Li Keqiang at the opening of the annual parliamentary session on Wednesday. #NPC
The report said the government budget deficit for this year is projected to be 1.35 trillion yuan (220 billion U.S. dollars), an increase of 150 billion yuan over last year.
The broad money supply (M2) is forecast to grow by around 13 percent, the same as last year's projection., A Changhe Aircraft Industries Corporation (CAIC) WZ-10 attack helicopter operated by the People's Liberation Army (PLA) crashed in the country's central Shaanxi province on March 4th. Two pilots are safe., Chinese Premier Li Keqiang delivers government work review at the second session of China’s 12th National People’s Congress. #NPC The per capita disposable income of urban residents rose by 7% in 2013., China's annual National People's Congress opens today in Beijing. China has set its economic growth target for the year at 7.5%, as it looks to continue its efforts to stabilize the economy., null, Reporters are ready to cover China's annual National People's Congress, which opens today in Beijing. The 10-day#NPC meeting of around 3,000 legislators from delegations across China., China is ready for its annual National People's Congress, with issues such as economic growth, targeting corruption and the environment on the agenda. The 10-day #NPC  meeting of around 3,000 legislators from delegations across China begins on Wednesday in Beijing., K-LOVE announces of the nominees for this year's second annual K-LOVE Fan Awards at The Grand Ole Opry on March 4, 2014., A baby smiles during a rally of Salvadorean presidential candidate for the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front, Salvador Sanchez Ceren, in commemoration of the International Women Day in San Salvador, El Salvador on March 2, 2014, prior to the second round of the presidential elections to be held on March 9., A worker adjusts lights above a tourist map of the #Ukraine at the Ukraine stand of the ITB International Travel Trade Fair in Berlin March 4, 2014. The ITB open from March 5 to 9, 2014., Chinese police on #segways patrol as delegates arrive for the opening session of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference #CPPCC at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 3, 2014., U.S. President Barack Obama said on Tuesday that Russia's military invasion of Ukraine could end up driving countries away from Russia. #Obama said there was room for #Ukraine to "be a friend of the West and a friend of Russia"., U.S. President Barack Obama holds Marcus Wesby on his lap as he sits with children during a tour of a Pre-K classroom at Powell Elementary School prior to speaking on the Fiscal Year 2015 budget in Washington, DC, March 4, 2014. Obama outlined how he would parcel out $1.014 trillion on government agencies' discretionary programs ranging from the military to national parks., Heliostats at the Ivanpah Solar Electric Generating System are seen from above with the Primm Valley Golf Club in the distance on March 3, 2014 in the Mojave Desert in California near Primm, Nevada. The largest solar thermal power-tower system in the world, owned by NRG Energy, Google and BrightSource Energy, opened recently in the Ivanpah Dry Lake and uses 347,000 computer-controlled mirrors to focus sunlight onto boilers on top of three 459-foot towers, where water is heated to produce steam to power turbines providing power to more than 140,000 California homes., Members of Rex parade down St. Charles Avenue despite the rain Mardi Gras Day on March 4, 2014 in New Orleans, Louisiana. Fat Tuesday, the traditional celebration on the day before Ash Wednesday and the beginning of Lent, is marked in New Orleans with parades and marches through many neighborhoods in the city., Fireworks explode over the "Baie des Anges" at the last day of the Carnival on March 4, 2014 in Nice, southeastern France., France's forward Anthony Martial shoots and scores past Belarus' goalkeeper Uladzislau Vasiliuchak during the 2015 UEFA European Under 21 (U21) Championship group 10 qualifying football match between #France and #Belarus on March 4, 2014, at the MMArena stadium in Le Mans, western France., Chinese hostesses pose for a photograph as they wait for the delegates during the opening session of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 3, 2014., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry stands beside a barricade at the Shrine of the Fallen in Kiev on March 4, 2014. The Shrine of the Fallen, located on Institutska Street, honors the fallen "Heroes" of the "Heavenly Sotnya" (Hundred). Over the course of the EuroMaidan protests, almost 100 protesters were killed by police. Most of them died on February 20 killed by sniper or automatic weapons fire on Institutska Street. Secretary of State John Kerry arrived in Kiev Tuesday for talks with Ukraine's new interim government, amid an escalating crisis in Crimea. His visit came as the United States said it would provide $1 billion to financially-stricken Ukraine as part of an international loan. With the Black Sea peninsula of Crimea under near complete control by pro-Russian forces, U.S. officials said Moscow could face sanctions within days., Russian navy ships are docked in the #Sevastopol bay on March 4, 2014. Russian forces have surrounded Ukrainian military bases across #Crimea as the Russian-speaking autonomous region has been thrown into turmoil following the ouster last month of Moscow-backed president Viktor Yanukovych., U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama learns some basic #Mandarin at Washington Yu Ying Public Charter School, a Chinese-immersion, International Baccalaureate, elementary school, in Washington on March 4, 2014. Michelle Obama travels to China March 19-26., Fu Ying, spokewoman for the second session of China's 12th National People's Congress (#NPC), attends a press conference at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 4, 2014., Two minority delegate leave the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 4, 2014., A group of security guards walk past the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 4, 2014., Russian President Vladimir Putin has shrugged off Western threats to impose political and economic sanctions against #Russia over its actions in #Ukraine, saying that they will backfire against the West. He also accused the West of staging the massive protests in the Ukrainian capital in order to reduce Russia's clout there., null, null, Russian President Vladimir Putin looks on during a press conference in his country residence of Novo-Ogaryova outside Moscow on March 4, 2014. Russian President Vladimir Putin on March 4 said that deposed Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych had no political future but asserted he was legally still head of state., With the World Cup just around the corner, most people that have booked tickets to Brazil  have only one thing in mind: soccer.  But why go all the way to this expansive South American country without seeing all it has to offer? Take a look: 
http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/03/exploring-the-amazon/, Ukraine’s government has other battles to fight, to save its currency and economy. Its currency continues to weaken as the political and diplomatic turmoil worsens: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/04/ukraine-crisis-affect-on-currency/, null, The 11th Panchen Lama Gyaincain Norbu, a Tibetan Buddhist leader,  pays respect to a delegate before the opening session of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 3, 2014., A woman draws a dove on a sheet bearing wishes for peace at the Independence Square in central Kiev on Monday. Meanwhile, Russia urged Ukrainian politicians to return to the Feb. 21 agreement that promised to create a new unity government that would rule until an early election no later than December.
What do you think will be the outcome in #Ukraine? Give us #YourSay!, People walk in the snow near the #Chinatown arch on March 3, 2014 in Washington, DC. The Federal Government is closed due to major snow storm that is expected to dump up to 8" of snow in the Washington area., Relatives wait outside a funeral home before being allowed in to identify the body of a family member after the terror attack at the main train station in Kunming, Yunnan Province, on March 3, 2014. Victims described attackers dressed in black bursting into Kunming station and slashing indiscriminately as people queued to buy tickets, killing 29 people and injuring 143., Chinese President Xi Jinping stands in silent tribute to #Kunming attack victims during the opening session of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 3, 2014., A float displaying giant likenesses of U.S. President Barack Obama and Intelligence leaker Edward Snowden makes its way during the traditional Rose Monday parade in Duesseldorf, western Germany on March 3, 2014. Carnival goers mainly in the Rhine region traditionally celebrate the highlight procession on Rosenmontag (Rose Monday)., Passengers walk past a screen showing flight status as canceled during a snow storm at the Reagan National Airport in Washington, DC, on March 3, 2014. Another huge winter storm walloped Washington and surrounding areas on March 3, shutting schools and the federal government, snarling air traffic and blanketing roads in snow. The bitter March blast was the latest in a succession of miserable weather events that have made this one of the harshest in recent memory for residents on the East Coast., A boy poses for photos with a #dog dressed up in a #panda outfit during an exhibition called "Pandas on Tour" in front of the Taipei City Hall on March 2, 2014. Some 1,600 paper made pandas are on display, designed by France artist Paulo Grangeon., Russia's Black Sea Fleet has not issued an ultimatum to Ukrainian forces in Crimea to surrender by 5 A.M. on Tuesday or face an assault, the Interfax news agency quoted an official at the fleet's headquarters as saying.

Protesters hold placards during a demonstration against Russia's involvement in the crisis in Ukraine, in London's Parliament Square, on March 3, 2014. Ukraine's military said Monday that Russia had given its forces an ultimatum to surrender in Crimea or face an all-out assault on the strategic Black Sea peninsula that has been overrun by Kremlin-backed troops., Revelers of the Mangueira samba school perform during the first night of carnival parade at the Sambadrome in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on March 3, 2014., #AskChina: In First for Chinese Government, Officials to Sit for Live Q&A with Twitter and Facebook Users

One-child policy, HIV/AIDS, bird flu, organ trafficking, public health, medical reform... and much more are all on the table. 

Chinese officials take your questions LIVE starting March 7. First up Mao Qunan, spokesman for the National Health and Family Planning Commission (NHFPC) of the People's Republic of China.

About Mao Qunan:

Mao Qunan has worked in the public health sector for over 20 years.

In 1980, Mao was enrolled at the Beijing University of Chinese Medicine. 

In 1992, Mao studied health management at the School of Public Health at Emory University in the United States. In 1999, he studied health information management at the School of Health Administration at the University of New South Wales in Australia.

During the "SARS" crisis in China in 2003, Mao became known to the public through a daily broadcast on the epidemic. 

Join us on March 7 at 9PM Beijing Time as Mao Qunan takes your questions LIVE.

Message us your questions here or tweet them to @CCTVNEWS. #AskChina, Yu Zhengsheng, chairman of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC), pledged to further efforts to contribute to the deepening of the country's reforms in a comprehensive manner at the opening meeting of the Second Session of the 12th #CPPCC National Committee that opened in Beijing Monday.

The top political advisor said the year 2014 is the first year for implementing the CPC Central Committee's decision to comprehensively deepen reform, and is crucial for completing the 12th Five-Year Plan., Chinese mourners light candles at the scene of the terror attack at the main train station in Kunming, Yunnan Province on March 2, 2014. Victims described attackers dressed in black bursting into Kunming station in the southwestern province of Yunnan and slashing indiscriminately as people queued to buy tickets, prompting shock and outrage. 
More and more citizens volunteered to donate blood for the injured people of terrorist attack, the local blood center set up 12 collection stations and prolonged opening hours., Former #NBA star Yao Ming surely gets the attention of media as he arrives for the opening session of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (#CPPCC) at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on March 3, 2014., Chinese police said Monday three suspects involved in the terrorist attack in the southwestern city of Kunming had been captured. The Ministry of Public Security said in a statement that the terrorist gang of 8 members led by Abdurehim Kurban was responsible for the attack. Police shot and killed 4 of them and captured an injured female at the scene on Saturday night, the statement said. 

The knife-wielding attackers slashed frantically at crowds at a railway station in Kunming of southwest China's Yunnan Province on Saturday, killing 29 people and injuring 143.

Chinese paramilitary police patrol outside the scene of the #terror #attack at the main train station in #Kunming, Yunnan Province, on March 3, 2014. Victims described attackers dressed in black bursting into Kunming station and slashing indiscriminately as people queued to buy tickets, prompting #shock and #outrage., Did you watch it last night? Best #selfie ever? Host Ellen DeGeneres takes the all-star selfie #Twitter Pic that broke Twitter with Lupita Nyong'o, Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie, Jennifer Lawrence, Julia Roberts, Meryl Streep, Bradley Cooper and Kevin Spacey in the audience during the Oscars at the Dolby Theater on March 2, 2014 in Hollywood, California., What are some of the inner workings of cartels like Sinaloa and the implications of #ElChapo’s arrest? http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/03/what-is-the-impact-of-el-chapos-arrest/, '12 Years A Slave' wins Best Picture #Oscar! Was it your favorite movie?, Matthew McConaughey wins best actor #Oscar for 'Dallas Buyers Club', Alfonso Cuaron wins best director Oscar for 'Gravity' #Oscars, El Salvador’s next president will not have an easy job. Take a look at the challenges he will face: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/03/presidential-challenges-in-el-salvador/, Ash billows from the Pacaya volcano seen from the Villa Nueva municipality, 20 km south of Guatemala City on March 2, 2013. The Pacaya increased its eruptive activity with strong explosions and expulsion of columns of ash., Opposition activists march in protest against the government of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas on March 2, 2014. Venezuelan protesters were preparing for a fresh round of anti-government demonstrations following a rare peaceful evening in Caracas. At least 18 people have been killed and 250 injured since a wave of protests began on February 4., #Ukraine’s government says it will call up the country’s military reserves, in response to a vote by Russia’s upper house authorizing Russian troops on Ukrainian soil: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/03/ukraine-military-response-to-russian-troops-authorization/, Students protesting against the proposed Keystone XL pipelinerally in Lafayette Park across from the White House in Washington,DC on March 2, 2014. Students from around the country gathered to oppose the tar sands oil pipeline from Canada, which they say is dangerous for the environment. US Secretary of State John Kerry is set to announce in the coming months whether the proposed $5.4 billion oil pipeline serves the national interest and will be constructed following years of confrontation between environmentalists and the oil industry., Young girls dressed as clowns take part in the Carnival of the Cypriot port city of Limassol in Cyprus, A reveler of the Aguia de Ouro samba school performs during the second night of carnival parade at the Sambadrome in Sao Paulo, Brazil on March 2, 2014., Local resident speak as they stand near an armoured personnel carrier in the eastern Crimea'a port city of Feodosiya on March 2, 2014. Witnesses said Russian soldiers had blocked about 400 Ukrainian marines at a base in the eastern port city of Feodosiya and were calling on them to surrender and give up their arms., The Oscars 2014: 86th Academy Awards begins this evening at 7pmEST with host Ellen DeGeneres. Who do you think will win best picture this year?, Ultra-Orthodox Jews take part in a mass prayer vigil in Jerusalem on March 2, 2014 in protest at plans to conscript young ultra-Orthodox men for Israeli military or civilian service. Hundreds of thousands of ultra-Orthodox Jews representing the three major streams -- Lithuanian, Hassidic and Sephardi -- were united in a show of force against impending legislation that could change their legal status in the Jewish state., Chinese armed police and officials help a sick woman at the scene of the terror attack at the main train station in Kunming, Yunnan Province on March 2, 2014. Knife-wielding assailants left at least 29 people dead and more than 130 wounded in an unprecedented attack at a Chinese train station, with state media blaming separatists from Xinjiang. Victims described attackers dressed in black bursting into Kunming station in the southwestern province of Yunnan and slashing indiscriminately as people queued to buy tickets, prompting shock and outrage., NPC & CPPCC 2014 annual sessions: Send us your questions!

Chinese officials take your questions LIVE starting March 7. First up is the National Health and Family Planning Commission (NHFPC) of the People's Republic of China. 

The NHFPC is an executive agency under the State Council that is responsible for raising health awareness, family planning, ensuring the accessibility of health services, monitoring the quality of health services provided to citizens and visitors in the mainland and population and family planning in the People's Republic of China. #AskChina

Ask your questions here or to CCTVNews., #China is fully prepared for the annual session of the national political advisory body, which is to be held from March 3 to 12, said a spokesman in Beijing on Sunday.
The Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, #CPPCC is scheduled to open at 3 p.m. Monday at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing.
Follow China's #NPC & #CPPCC news on CCTV America: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/02/npc-cppcc-2014/ — in Beijing, China., #Russian troops took over Crimea as the parliament in Moscow gave President Vladimir Putin a green light Saturday to use the military to protect Russian interests in Ukraine: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/02/russian-troops-take-over-ukraines-crimea-region/, Catch up with the latest updates on #Ukraine crisis. Watch us online here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/livenews/, At least 29 civilians dead and more than 130 injured in Kunming Railway Station terrorist attack as of 6:00 a.m. Sunday.
Authorities say evidence shows #Kunming Railway Station terrorist attack was carried out by Xinjiang separatist forces., Chinese president Xi Jinping has urged the law enforcement to investigate and solve the case of #Kunming terrorist attack with all-out efforts and punish the terrorists in accordance with the law.
http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/01/xi-vows-punishment-on-terrorists-careful-rescue-for-victims/, United States Ambassador to the United Nations (UN), Samantha Power, speaks during a UN Security Council meeting on March 1, 2014 in New York City. Russia's upper parliament approved military action in Ukraine today; the #UN Security Council is having informal meetings in response to Russia's actions., #Russian troops took control of the two main airports in the strategic peninsula of Crimea. Details here: 
http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/01/ukraine-accuses-russia-of-taking-over-its-airports/
, The Military-Hollywood Complex: An entertainment or a propaganda alliance? Don't miss the Heat in-depth look to this relationship. Tonight @ 7:30PM EST! http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/28/the-military-hollywood-complex/, More details on #Kunming railway station terrorist attack, click here:http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/01/28-civilians-died-113-injured-in-kunming-railway-station-violence/, Update on #Kunming #terroristattack: 28 civilians died, 113 injured in Saturday's Kunming railway station violence. Police shot dead 5 attackers and are chasing the rest., A Xinhua reporter on the spot said several suspects have been controlled, while police are still investigating people in the station. Firefighters and medical workers have arrived on the scene, and injured people have been rushed to hospital for emergency treatment. 
The arterial road of the station has been cordoned off. A doctor with the Kunming No.1 People's Hospital told Xinhua over the phone that medical workers of the hospital are busy treating the injured, adding that they are not still unsure of the exact number of casualties., 27 people were confirmed dead and 109 others injured Saturday in a railway station attack in southwest Chinese city of #Kunming, authorities said.

It was an organized, premeditated violent #terrorist attack, according to the authorities.

A group of unidentified knife-wielding people attacked the Kunming Railway Station in the capital of southwest China's Yunnan Province at around 9 p.m., causing death and injuries, said the city police., People ask monks for blessings during Tibetan New Year celebrations at the Yonghe Temple, also known as the Lama Temple in Beijing on March 1, 2014. The Tibetan New year known as 'Losar' is celebrated for 15 days and predates the arrival of Buddhism in Tibet., BREAKING NEWS:
27 people were confirmed dead and 109 others injured Saturday in a railway station attack in southwest Chinese city of Kunming, authorities said.

It was an organized, premeditated violent terrorist attack, according to the authorities.

A group of unidentified knife-wielding people attacked the Kunming Railway Station in the capital of southwest China's Yunnan Province at around 9 p.m., causing death and injuries, said the city police., #Russia’s parliament approved a motion to use the country’s military in #Ukraine after a request from President Vladimir Putin http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/01/russia-approves-use-of-military-in-ukraine/, A rare glimpse into where the drug lord #Elchapo lived and worked: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/01/rare-glimpse-into-the-life-of-drug-lord-el-chapo/, On CCTV America's #Insight, correspondent Mark Niu meets director John Chu who's taking Hollywood by storm.
See it here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/03/01/insight-hollywoods-rising-star/, As the deposed Ukrainian President Victor Yanukovich spoke, one place the speech was not aired was in Maidan square, the heart of where the demonstrations that led to his removal took place. There was mixed response in #Ukraine to Yanukovich's first public appearance after he sought refuge in #Russia., Ukraine's ambassador to the UN said on Friday that #Ukraine is strong enough to defend itself but he would like the UN Security Council council to address Russia directly to force it to pull back their military forces from  #Crimea., null, Will President Barack Obama go forward with plans to attend an international summit in Russia this summer amid reports of Russian intervention in Ukraine? 
http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/28/obama-could-pull-russia-trip-amid-ukraine-tumult/, Give us #YourSay and we might use on air tonight! #Oscars, The eagerly awaited event of the year -- The Oscars is here. We'll find out the winners of the 86th Academy awards ceremony this Sunday.  What's your favorite movie from 2013? Give us #YourSay, Just one week before El Salvador elects its next president in a second round vote, the country's main candidates are neck and neck. One thing is certain: whoever wins will face a huge challenge  in security. This week in Americas Now, we will have report from El Salvador on the central issue of violence and what it will mean for the country's next president. , Supporters "Red Shirts" of Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra attend a gathering after shutting down the gates of the headquarters of the National Anti-Corruption Commission (NACC) in Bangkok on February 27, 2014. Thailand's premier skipped an anti-corruption panel hearing on February 27 into negligence charges that could lead to her ousting, as her government turned to the UN for help resolving a deadly political crisis., null, A woman shares a tender moment with her pet during international dog sled race "Zavirukha" (Snow Storm) in the Belarus capital Minsk on February 22, 2014. About 140 athletes from Belarus, Russia, Latvia and Lithuania take part in competitions., Muslim #Palestinians take part in Friday noon prayers blocked by Israeli police in East Jerusalem neighborhood of Ras al-Amud, on February 28, 2014. Clashes broke out following Friday noon prayer three days after police clashed with stone-throwing Palestinians at the al-Aqsa mosque compound, hours ahead of a debate in the #Israeli parliament on Jews' right to pray at the compound, which is currently denied. The flashpoint compound sits above the Western Wall plaza and houses the Dome of the Rock and the Al-Aqsa mosque, and is Islam's third-holiest site., A relative cries during the anniversary of the 1947 massacre during which thousands were killed by nationalist Kuomintang troops from China, at the Taipei Peace Park on February 28, 2014. The massacre remained taboo for decades under the late nationalist #KMT leader Chiang Kai-shek's rule., A couple dressed in Chinese traditional wedding dress take a photo at a wedding expo in Beijing on February 28, 2014. Unlike in the west, Chinese #wedding photos are normally taken months before the ceremony and show couples posing in western and Chinese outfits. Recently a trade association for wedding photographers in China called for a ban on naked portraits of newlyweds, a new trend among the country's young couples., #Tibetan Buddhist monks in #Tiananmen Square before the upcoming opening sessions of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) and the National People's Congress (NPC) in Beijing on February 28, 2014. Thousands of delegates from across #China and the Chinese leadership will gather for its annual legislature meetings next week in Beijing. #NPC #CPPCC, Promotion girls pose during the opening ceremony of the city's first #bitcoin retail shop in Hong Kong on February 28, 2014. Bitcoin was invented in the wake of the global financial crisis by a mysterious computer guru using the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto and unlike other currencies, it does not have the backing of a central bank or government., US General-Major John O'Connor (L) and Romanian General-Major Laurian Anastasof (C), Romanian Air Forces Chief of Staff cut the ribbon during the official opening ceremony inside the new facility of The Transit Center (TCNK) of 21 TSC (Theater Sustainment Command) at Mihail Kogalniceanu military airbase on February 28, 2014. The 21 TSC will support the transit of around 30,000 US Army personnel detached from or to Afghanistan. The temporary air transit facility provides essential logistical, transportation, reintegration and morale and welfare services, accommodating the flow of American service members into and out of European and Central Asian operating areas through the end of 2014 or the completion of current missions., Debbi Dingell, wife of Congressman John Dingell, the longest serving member of Congress in U.S. history who recently announced he will not be seeking reelection, announces her candidacy for his seat at the Panera Bread restaurant February 28, 2014 in Dearborn, Michigan. Dingell will seek the democratic nomination for Michigan's 12th Congressional District., A Palestinian boy leans against a wall watching, as Israeli police stop Palestinians in East Jerusalem neighborhood of Ras al-Amud, on February 28, 2014. Clashes broke out following Friday noon prayer three days after police clashed with stone-throwing Palestinians at the al-Aqsa mosque compound, hours ahead of a debate in the Israeli parliament on Jews' right to pray at the compound, which is currently denied. The flashpoint compound sits above the Western Wall plaza and houses the Dome of the Rock and the Al-Aqsa mosque, and is Islam's third-holiest site., Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk watches the press conference of deposed Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych broadcast from Russian Rostov-on-Don, Russia, on February 28, 2014 in Kiev. Yanukovych was surprised that Russian strongman Vladimir #Putin had not yet spoken out on the Ukraine crisis after his ousting from power. "Knowing the character of Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin, I am surprised that he is keeping silent in such a reserved way. This is a question," #Yanukovych told reporters in the southern Russian city of Rostov-on-Don. He had earlier said he had spoken to Putin by telephone but had not yet met him since arriving in Russia., Leave the question below, and we will invite Chinese officials and representatives to answer in the coming Chinese political season. #AskChina now!, A large scale octopus puppet is operated during collective movement of occupying carnival in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Februrary 27, 2014. Rio's carnival will start officially from tomorrow for 5 days and have around 470 groups on streets. Samba school parades will have a peak at Sambodromo on March 2 and 3, 2014., U.S. President Barack Obama signs a presidential memorandum after speaking on his “My Brother’s Keeper” initiative to expand opportunity for Americans in the East Room at the White House on February 27, 2014 in Washington, DC. Obama launched a personal quest that will outlast his presidency to help young American men of color survive and prosper despite deprived violent inner city environments where many grow up., A Chinese naval taskforce conducted combat exercises in the Eastern Indian Ocean and the Western Pacific earlier this month. The drills raised security concerns in the region, prompting China's defense ministry to clarify its intentions. Check this report from CCTV America., Employees and supporters of the television network Al-Jazeera hold up signs as they protest the imprisonment of its journalists in Egypt, at the Newseum, near the US Capitol, in Washington, DC, February 27, 2014. Al Jazeera organized a day of protest which included journalists participating from around the world., City of Miami police officers overflow into the hallway as they fill the commissioner's chambers at Miami's city hall as they and others protest for restoration of pay and benefits on February 27, 2014 in Coconut Grove, Florida. The #police officers and their supporters also marched through the streets their effort to get the city to hear their plight., A man smokes a #cigar during the contest for the longest ash, during the XVI Havana Cigar Festival, in the #Cuban capital on February 27, 2014. The production of Cuban cigars experienced an 8% growth in 2013 adding 447 million dollars to the Cuban economy. The XVI Havana Cigar Festival is running in Cuba with the presentation of the best Cuban cigars., The U.S. Capitol is seen at sunset in Washington, DC, February 27, 2014., A technician works beside a nearly completed Airbus A320 airliner commissioned by China Eastern Airline which is being assembled at the Airbus assembly plant in Tianjin. In a series of vast hangars, dozens of Chinese technicians swarm over fuselages of Airbus A320 planes, foot soldiers in the battle to dominate what will become the world's largest aircraft market., China's top legislature on Thursday approved two new national days, one to mark victory in the anti-Japanese war and the other to commemorate Nanjing Massacre victims and all those killed during Japanese aggression against China. September 3 is ratified as "Victory Day of the Chinese People's War of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression" and December 13 the "National Memorial Day for Nanjing Massacre Victims," according to two decisions passed by the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC), whose bi-monthly session ended on Thursday., A Korean wave is sweeping across China, with many Chinese women worshiping South Korean actors Kim Soo-hyun and Lee Min-ho as #demigods. Programs from South Korea are now enjoying a new round of popularity in China. And a big part of the credit for that goes to You Who Came From The Star, the South Korean TV series which is on the air now. #来自星星的你, Chen Deming (L), President of China's Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits, is greeted by Wang Yu-chi, minister of Taiwan's Mainland Affairs Council as Lin Join-sane (C), chairman of Taiwan's Strait Exchange Foundation (SEF) looks on at a local hotel in Taipei on February 27, 2014. Taiwan and Chinese mainland forged two more agreements in yet another sign of ever closer ties across the Strait., China's Tianshi Zhong (2-L) and Junhong Lin (1-L), silver; Germany's Miriam Welte (2-C) and Kristina Vogel (1-C), gold; and Great Britain's Jessica Varnish (1-R) and Rebecca James (2-R), bronze; pose on the winner's podium of the Women's Team Sprint in the UCI Track Cycling World Championships at Alcides Nieto Patino velodrome, on February 26, 2014, in Cali, Colombia., Outgoing U.S. Ambassador to China Gary Locke speaks during a farewell press conference held at the U.S. embassy in Beijing on February 27, 2014. Locke was the first Chinese-American Ambassador to Beijing and presided over huge growth in economic ties and a rise in Chinese visitors to the U.S., Ukrainian fugitive President Viktor Yanukovych took refuge in #Russia seeking protection from 'extremists'. Russian officials say Yanukovych's protection plea is 'satisfied in the territory of Russia'. , DPRK fired four suspected short-range missiles into its eastern waters Thursday, South Korean defense officials said, in an apparent effort to protest ongoing U.S.-South Korean military exercises that Pyongyang calls a rehearsal for invasion. What do you make of the recent social and military developments on the Korean peninsula? How will they affect relations with neighboring countries?  We want to year #YourSay!, A Hindu Sadhu (holy man) paints coloured paste onto his face during the #Maha Shivaratri festival at the Pashupatinath temple in #Kathmandu on Thursday. Hindus mark the Maha Shivratri festival by offering special prayers and fasting. Hundreds of sadhus have arrived in Pashupatinath to take part in the Maha Shivaratri festival., A gas explosion Thursday at a restaurant near a filling station in the Qatari capital killed 12 people and wounded several more. Initial indications suggested a burst natural gas tank atop a Turkish restaurant was to blame for the blast, which happened shortly after 10 a.m. near the popular Landmark Mall shopping center in the capital, #Doha. Officials are treating the explosion as an accident., Ukraine's parliament has approved Arseniy Yatsenyuk as the country's new Prime Minister. The vote was held Thursday amid sharp rise in tensions in the southern Crimea region, where gunmen seized local government. Yatsenyuk previously served as the minister of economy and foreign minister of #Ukraine., null, Pro-Russian gunmen have seized the Crimea Parliament.  The men occupying the parliament building in the regional capital, Simferopol, early on Thursday did not come out to voice any demands. They wore black and orange ribbons, a Russian symbol of the victory in World War II. The men also put up a sign saying “Crimea is Russia.”, null, #Askchina Send your questions to China's decision-makers through us. We'll help you find an answer., In today's Insight, we look in depth at the unique issues facing children around the world. In war-torn regions like Afghanistan, sometimes the issue is just getting enough food. CCTV's Courtney Body has "Insight" from Helmand Province. , null, null, An Afghan boy stands on a street next to dogs in Kabul on February 22, 2014. Afghanistan's economy is recovering from decades of conflict but despite the significant improvement in the last decade it is extremely poor, and highly dependent on foreign aid.,  #Arizona's Gov. Jan Brewer on Wednesday vetoed a Republican bill that set off a national debate over gay rights, religion and discrimination and subjected Arizona to blistering criticism from major corporations and political leaders from both parties. See More here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/27/arizona-governor-vetoes-religious-freedom-bill/, Turning food waste into energy? http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/26/turning-food-waste-into-energy/, U.S. Ambassador Gary Locke answers a question after his farewell speech at Beijing American Center in Beijing February 26, 2014. The 63-year-old Locke leaves Beijing Saturday. Served as ambassador since 2011, Locke is the first Chinese-American to serve as the U.S. ambassador to Beijing. He is being replaced by veteran lawmaker Max Baucus., Actor and Alzheimer's advocate Seth Rogen prepares to testify before the Senate Committee on Appropriations on the rising cost of #Alzheimer's in America on February 26, 2014 in the Dirksen Senate Office Building on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC., Actor Ben Affleck walks alongside Democratic Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey, and Senate Foreign Relations Chairman, prior to testifying on issues in the Republic of Congo during a U.S. Senate Committee on Foreign Relations hearing on Capitol Hill, on February 26, 2014., The 'Making Of' the 86th Annual Academy Awards Oscar Winners Envelope at Marc Friedland Couture Communications on February 26, 2014 in Los Angeles, California., Miss France Flora Coquerel speaks to children during a visit to the Alliance Francaise in Panama City on February 26, 2014., A federal judge declared a same-sex marriage ban in deeply conservative Texas unconstitutional on Wednesday. Details here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/26/federal-judge-strikes-down-texas-gay-marriage-ban/, The 2014 Save the Children Report shows that 1 million children die globally on their first day of their lives. How could we reduce infant mortality around the world? Share #YourSay below and we might use it on air!, Tourists visit to the Po Lin monastery and the giant Buddha statue on the outlying island of Lantau in Hong Kong. Tian Tan Buddha statue (informally known as the Big Buddha) was erected in 1993. Sitting 34 metres high and facing north to look over the Chinese people, this majestic bronze Buddha draws pilgrims from all over Asia., Kevin Lau, former editor of the Ming Pao newspaper, being wheeled in on a stretcher after he was attacked in broad daylight by an unknown number of assailants on Hong Kong island. Hong Kong Chief Executive CY Leung said he was "extremely concerned" and "outraged" by the attack. "Hong Kong is a society ruled by law, and we will not allow this kind of violence," he said, adding that the police would conduct a full investigation., A federal judge declared a same-sex marriage ban in deeply conservative #Texas unconstitutional on Wednesday, but will allow the second-most populous U.S. state to enforce the law pending an appeal that will likely go to the Supreme Court. The ruling is the latest in a series of victories for gay rights activists following similar decisions in Utah, Oklahoma and Virginia., Chinese President #XiJinping has called for strengthened efforts to curb air pollution during a tour of Beijing through heavy #smog.
"We should treat both symptoms and root causes of environmental pollution, and we should also focus both on emergency and regular measures," said the president, adding that the issue should be addressed through coordination between different areas and with action by the whole society.
He said the priority is to limit PM2.5 by reducing dependence on coal, strictly controlling vehicles, adjusting industry structures, and other measures., Chinese mainland and #Taiwan negotiators are expected to sign agreements that aim at building both sides’ capacity in meteorological disaster warnings, as well as earthquake prevention and relief., The U.S. government is pouring $140 million dollars to boost U.S. high-tech manufacturing  with two new research institutes: http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=2542&preview=true, The #Iraq government Tuesday denied reports that it had signed a $195 million deal with #Iran to buy weapons, ammunition or other military equipment but the White House nevertheless pressed for answers at the highest levels. Iraq’s Ministry of Defense said numerous international firms, including Iran’s Defense Industries Organization, recently submitted offers to provide Iraq with military hardware but the proposal was rejected., NATO's secretary general has echoed a US announcement that it is planning to withdraw all of its 19,000 troops from #Afghanistan if a security deal cannot be agreed with the Afghan government. The blunt statement from Anders Fogh Rasmussen on Wednesday ratchets up pressure on the Afghan president, Hamid Karzai, to strike a deal with the United States., Major Bitcoin Exchange Goes Offline. Read more here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/26/major-bitcoin-exchange-goes-offline/, Hospital patients in South Sudan have been murdered in their beds and arson attacks have been perpetrated against medical facilities as the violence in the country worsens. The charity Doctors Without Borders or Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) warned on Wednesday that their work has become almost impossible to carry out after discovering 14 bodies in a hospital in the war-torn city of Malakal., Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday ordered a test of the “battle readiness” of military forces deployed in the western and central areas of the country, a likely show of Kremlin muscle to reassure ethnic Russians in #Ukraine that their rights and interests will be defended. The order comes amid growing tensions in Ukraine between the Russian-allied eastern area and pro-Western political forces., A Ugandan newspaper published a list of what it calls the country’s 200 top homosexuals. Do you think this is an abuse of human rights? http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/26/ugandan-newspaper-prints-list-of-200-top-gays/, There have been other recent #immigration changes in Canada. Many think new policies are challenging for foreign investors. Find out why:  http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/26/canada-cancels-investor-immigration-program/, Will #Venezuela's opposition Governor Henrique Capriles meet with President Maduro for a peace conference?   http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/26/venezuelas-president-maduro-calls-for-peace-conference/, An Afghan shop owner adds a cage to the display around his shop at the bird market in Kabul on February 25, 2014. Afghanistan's economy has improved significantly since the fall of the Taliban in 2001, but despite international assistance the country needs to overcome challenges including low revenue collection and job creation, corruption, weak government capacity and poor public infrastructure., A cellphone shows the US Embassy pollution index reading of 551, which is extremely hazardous, and the Chinese government reading of 484, as heavy air #pollution continues to shroud Beijing on February 26, 2014. China's cities are often hit by heavy pollution, blamed on coal-burning by power stations and industry, as well as vehicle use., Afghan border police personnel take part in a graduation ceremony at a police training cente on the outskirts of Herat on February 17, 2014. Afghan security forces are due to take over from their Western allies, a US-led NATO force, by the end of 2014 when the foreign troops leave the country., People gather in front of the Venezuelan embassy in Santiago in support of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro on February 25, 2014. At least 14 people have been killed and 140 others injured in protests nationwide, which have posed the greatest challenge to Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's government since he was narrowly elected president last year to succeed the late leftist icon Hugo Chavez., A Ugandan newspaper published a list of what it calls the country's "200 top" homosexuals Tuesday, outing some Ugandans just one day after president Yoweri Museveni enacted a harsh anti-gay law. The tabloid published the names and some pictures of alleged homosexuals in a front-page story under the headline: "EXPOSED!" The list includes a prominent gay activist who says the law could spark violence against homosexuals., First Lady Michelle Obama participates in a yoga class during a visit to the Gwen Cherry Park NFL/YET Center on February 25, 2014 in Miami, Florida. The visit was part of a celebration around the fourth anniversary of Lets Move!, her initiative to ensure that all our children grow up healthy and reach their full potential., #Manchester United's British defender Chris Smalling jumps for the ball with #Olympiakos' Paraguayan midfielder Hernan Perez during the round of 16 Champions League football match Olympiakos vs Manchester United at Karaiskaki Stadium in Athens on February 25, 2014., U.S. President Barack Obama speaks on #manufacturing next to robotic arms on February 25, 2014 in the East Room of the White House in Washington, DC. The arms are part of a navy project for underwater explosive ordinance disposal., #Canada immigration spokesperson tells @CCTV_America: country to launch new #immigration model in Jan 2015. #Yoursay How important do you think immigrants are to society?, The U.S. Department of Transportation on Tuesday fined #AsianaAirlines $500,000 for failing to assist families following the crash of Asiana flight 214 in San Francisco in July., Photos and video footage of Chinese President Xi Jinping visiting a historic neighborhood in Beijing on Tuesday during heavy smog has gone viral on the Internet, two months after his last surprise appearance turned a steamed bun restaurant into a tourism attraction. “Breathing together, sharing a common fate,” The Beijing News quipped in a weibo post. Xi visited two courtyards in the Yuer Hutong and asked residents about their living conditions, the Legal Evening News said in a weibo post. Xi also asked the residents if they wanted a photo taken with him, the Beijing News said. #xijinping, Japan's Sanfrecce Hiroshima defender Tsukasa Shiotani in blue and China's Beijing Guoan forward Shao Jiayi in white fight for the ball during the AFC champions league group F match in Hiroshima, western Japan on February 25, 2014. 2014. Hiroshima and Beijing drew the game 1-1., South Korea's President Park Geun-Hye, has announced a committee to prepare for reunification with North Korea. President Park said unifying with the north would be an economic bonanza, but analysts say the south would face a heavy financial and legal burden. President said, the committee will exchange dialogues and private exchanges with Pyongyang., Two people were wounded on Tuesday during an attack on a protest site in #Bangkok which has seen an increase in violence amid a prolonged political standoff. #Thailand officials said gunfire broke out in the early morning hours near an anti-government rally camp on the edge of Bangkok's Lumpini Park., Pakistani military officials said the air force has bombarded the suspected hideouts of Taliban militants in tribal areas near the Afghan border, killing at least 27 militants. Hundreds of families are already fleeing the North Waziristan area fearing that recent attacks are meant to soften militant targets before a major offensive is launched., The United States is urging #Uganda to repeal a law that criminalizes homosexuality with punishments up to life in prison. Brushing aside Western threats, Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni signed a bill imposing harsh punishments for homosexual acts., Suspected Islamist militants from the Boko Haram group in north-eastern #Nigeria have attacked a school and shot some students, the military has said. At least 29 students have been killed and 11 seriously injured in this attack., Ukraine's Parliament voted on Tuesday to send fugitive President Viktor Yanukovich to be tried for 'serious crimes' by the International Criminal Court once he has been captured. He was indicted for 'mass murder' over the shooting of demonstrators., Needles used in Chinese traditional #acupuncture have been internationally standardized. Standards have been set for texture, diameter, length, hardness and elasticity of the disposable needle. Acupuncture was listed as an intangible cultural heritage of humanity by the UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in 2010., #China's top legislature is considering designating two new national days, one to mark victory in the anti-Japanese war and the other to commemorate victims in the #NanjingMassacre. September 3 is expected to be the #victoryday and December 13 the #memorialday for massacre victims, according to two draft decisions submitted for review at the bi-monthly session of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress which runs from Tuesday through Thursday., null, A senior member of #Venezuela’s governing United Socialist Party (PSUV) has criticized President #NicolasMaduro's handling of recent opposition protests, saying the deployment of troops was "unacceptable." At least 13 people have died in recent protests, according to officials., Thousands of protesters gather in front of Parliament in the Icelandic capital Reykjavik on February 24, 2014 to demand a referendum amid a government bid to pull out of EU accession talks without a popular vote., A member of the mainly Christian "anti-balaka" (anti-machete) militia holds a blade in his mouth as he trains in the Boeing neighbourhood of Bangui, Central African Republic, on February 24, 2014. Two Chadian soldiers, three Muslim civilians and two Christian militiamen were killed in another weekend of violence in Bangui but France's top commander on February 24 denied claims of ethnic cleansing. Paris sent troops to the Central African Republic in December 2013 amid talk of an impending genocide as sectarian unrest escalated in the aftermath of a coup. A campaign of abuses by mainly Muslim ex-rebels led to revenge killings by Christian militias, in violence that 8,000 French and African troops have failed to stem nearly three months on., Foreign Investors Flock to Britain's Luxury Real Estate Market:
#Britain's luxury real estate market is bracing for a wave of investors escaping upheaval in their home countries. Wealthy buyers from countries like #Brazil, Ukraine, and Argentina are snapping up some of London's best properties. Watch Richard Bestic's full report tonight at 8 PM EST on @BizAsiaAmerica.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6KW4Tsc7Yk, People sit inside a meeting point at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, on February 24, 2014. The Mobile World Congress runs from the 24 to 27 February where participants and visitors alike can attend conferences, network, discover cutting-edge products and technologies at among the 1,700 exhibitors as well as seek industry opportunities and make deals., Let your voice be heard LIVE on tonight's show 7pmEST.  #YourSay or leave us a comment below. 
Livestream CCTV America here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/livenews/ 

http://www.cctv-america.tv/?p=2235, Comedy actor, writer, and director #HaroldRamis (far right, pictured), best known for his roles in hit movies such as #Ghostbusters and "Stripes," died Monday at his suburban Chicago home after a four-year battle with an autoimmune disease, according to his talent agency. He was 69.
#Share what your favorite Harold Ramis films are., After one of the most severe winters in recent history, New York City's streets have become treacherous in areas, with city workers operating around the clock doing repairs to the roadway. Numerous accidents, auto damage and road closures have resulted from the potholes. While the cracked and rutted roads develop from a variety of causes, salt and plows on winter roads are a major contributing factor to #potholes., WhatsApp is worth more than that? Agree or not? Facebook's 29-year-old billionaire creator Mark Zuckerberg arrives on the opening day of the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, on February 24, 2014. Fresh from a $19-billion takeover by #Facebook, mobile messaging service #WhatsApp said today it will launch free voice calls by mid-year. Zuckerberg was the star speaker today of the industry fair, had announced a stock and cash purchase of WhatsApp last Wednesday of $19 billion., #TheLegoMovie is still towering over its rivals on the North American box office chart, after spending a third week at number one. The film earned $31.5m over the weekend, according to early estimates. A sequel of the Lego Movie has just been announced, with a release date set for May 2017. The Lego Movie is the highest-grossing film of the year so far., US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has unveiled plans to shrink the #US #Army to its smallest size before the United States entered World War Two.

Outlining his budget plan, the Pentagon chief proposed trimming the active-duty Army to between 440,000 and 450,000 personnel - from 520,000 currently. Cold War-era Air Force fleets - the U-2 spy plane and the A-10 attack jet - will also be retired.

However, the plan requires approval from Congress, which could change it., Kuwait City's banking complex is decorated with lights in the colours of the national flag on February 24, 2014 as the oil-rich emirate prepares to mark the 53rd National Day on February 25 and the 23rd Liberation Day on February 26. The first date commemorates the creation of Kuwait as a nation in 1961 while Liberation Day marks the end of Iraq's occupation in 1991., The Mersey Ferry boat 'Snowdrop' makes its way across the river from Liverpool arriving at Seacombe in north west England, on February 24, 2014., SHARE if you LIKE this pricetag! A man pumps gasoline during a promotional stunt in New York February 24, 2014 as Ewing Energies’ first-ever gas station opens in Manhattan for one day, the day of the “Dallas” season three premiere. Regular gas was going for $1.98 USD a gallon until supplies ran out. The Ewing family is from the TNT series "Dallas" ., A young man dressed in traditional attire holds an assault rifle during a ceremony in La Ruana community, state of Michoacan, Mexico, on February 24, 2014. The members of groups of civilians who took arms to fight the drug cartels gathered today to celebrate their first anniversary., LIKE and SHARE our photo gallery. What is your favorite memory of the #Sochi #Olympics ? , A Chinese workers moves amongst some of 5,000 clay pots containing fermenting Chilli Peppers used to make spicy hotpot which is a famous local dish in Choongqing, on February 22, 2014. The Chongqing hotpot involves boiling meat and vegetables in a spicy soup flavored by black peppercorns and chilli peppers and locals claim it helps them to get through the cold damp winters of the region., French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius and his delegation pose with workers in front of a completed Airbus 320 aircraft belonging to China's Eastern airlines, during a visit to the Airbus factory in Tianjin on February 24, 2014. Fabius is in Beijing to make preparations for Chinese President Xi Jinping's trip to France in March., People leave flowers and mourn near a makeshift memorial in homage to anti-government protesters killed in the past weeks' clashes with riot police on Kiev's Independence Square on February 24, 2014. Ukraine issued an arrest warrant Monday for ousted president Viktor Yanukovych over the "mass murder" of protesters and appealed for $35 billion in Western aid to pull the crisis-hit country from the brink of economic collapse. The dramatic announcements by the ex-Soviet nation's new Western-leaning team, approved by parliament over a chaotic weekend that saw the pro-Russian leader go into hiding, came as a top EU envoy arrived in Kiev to buttress its sudden tilt away from Moscow., A paper rhacophorus arvalis (farmland green tree frog) of #Taiwan is surrounded by paper pandas at an exhibition called "Pandas on Tour" at the National Theater in Taipei on February 24, 2014. Some 1,600 paper made pandas are on display, designed by French artist Paulo Grangeon., A boy with his face painted in the colors of the Venezuelan national flag attends a demo of #Venezuelan citizens resident in Dominican Republic against the Venezuelan government in Santo Domingo on February 23, 2014. On Saturday the largest opposition rally took place after almost three weeks of students protests in Caracas, which left at least ten people killed., Crazy must see video. We bet his parents keep a tighter reign on him from now on!  , Belgian Prime Minister Elio Di Rupo looks at the box containing one of the two giant panda bears Hao Hao and Xing Hui, lended by China, as they arrive at Brussels' Airport in Zaventem, on February 23, 2014. The two giant #panda bears flew in from China and will be taken to the Pairi Daiza animal park in Brugelette, where they will stay for 15 years., In #Venezuela, the protests that began earlier this month show no signs of letting up. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/24/venezuela-protests-update/, From vicious drug turf wars in Mexico, to a possible judicial turf war, U.S. federal prosecutors announced on Sunday that they want to extradite and put Joaquin “#ElChapo” Guzman on trial.

http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/24/drug-smuggler-arrested-in-mexico-city/, A supporter yawns as he listens to a speech by India's Uttar Pradesh state Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav during a Samajwadi Party election campaign in New Delhi on February 23, 2014. The bicycle rally, held as part of Yadav's Samajwadi Party election campaign, was flagged off February 23 and will run for two weeks as campaigners cycle from New Delhi to Lucknow, the capital of northern Uttar Pradesh state., An anti-balaka member shows his amulet, a cross in a bottle, in the PK12 district, in Bangui, Central African Republic, on February 23, 2014. Violence and sectarian fighting have abated in conflict-torn Central African Republic since the arrival of French peacekeepers in December 2013, the head of the force said Sunday. General Francisco Soriano also said the French forces had seized nearly 1,000 firearms and 4,000 other weapons such as knives and rods in the capital Bangui and across the country., Former Soviet expert, Dr. Sergei Zhuk, from Ball State University, LIVE with in-depth analysis of the #Ukraine crisis. CCTV America 7pmEST Livestream it here: http://bit.ly/MmlqUY, Mike Walter mediates a panel discussion with the Former Special Adviser to the Kremlin and a renown political specialist from the #GermanMarshallFund on the #Ukraine crisis  http://bit.ly/1pf8vDZ, Thus far, this week has been considered the deadliest week of the #Ukraine protests. http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/23/dozens-killed-in-kiev-during-deadliest-week-of-protest-clashes/, #UN passes resolution on #Syria 
http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/23/un-approves-syria-access/b, The chartered plane carrying two giant pandas arrives at the Brussels National Airport in the capital of Belgium on Sunday. The pair of giant pandas, Xing Hui, the male, and Hao Hao, the female are are in good conditions after the long journey. They are both four years old and will stay in Belgium for the next 15 years., Jason Collins has reached agreement on a 10-day contract with the Brooklyn #Nets, clearing the way for the  first openly gay athlete in major professional sports history.
Collins will be signed and available to play on Sunday when the Nets meet the Los Angeles Lakers at the Staples Center., Mocking their mistakes! In the Closing Ceremonies for the 2014 #Sochi Winter #Olympics, the Russians poked fun at their opening ceremonies blunder.
Near the beginning of the festivities on Sunday night, a group of dancers wearing bright, glittery outfits converged to form four Olympic rings. But, just like 16 nights ago, the fifth ring didn’t form. After holding the gag for the perfect amount of time, the dancers quickly burst from their pack and completed, finally, the fifth Olympic ring at Fisht Olympic Stadium., A body-painted model displays a creation during an art show as part of the International Beauty Expo 'Nevskie Berega' (Neva River Banks) in St.Petersburg on February 22, 2014., Situation remains volatile in parts of #Venezuela. Read more: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/23/the-situation-remains-volatile-in-parts-of-venezuela/, How was #Elchapo Guzman captured? All details here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/23/the-worlds-most-powerful-drug-lord-el-chapo-guzman-busted/, #Ukraine’s political landscape is rapidly changing. What is next for the embattled country? http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/23/whats-next-for-the-embattled-country/, Joaquin #ElChapo Guzman is escorted to a helicopter in handcuffs by Mexican navy marines at a navy hanger in Mexico City, Mexico., Thousands of people once again march again the government of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/22/clashes-continue-between-police-and-demonstrators-in-venezuela/, The head of Mexico’s Sinaloa Cartel, #ElChapo Guzman was captured overnight by U.S. and Mexican authorities at a hotel in Mazatlan, Mexico. Details here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/22/mexicos-sinaloa-drug-chief-chapo-guzman-arrested/, Yulia Tymoshenko's party says the former Ukrainian prime minister has been freed from prison. #Ukraine Story here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/22/ukraine-protesters-take-kiev-president-says-coup/, WASHINGTON February 22, 2014 (AP): US official: Sinaloa drug chief 'Chapo' Guzman arrested by US, Mexican authorities in Mexico. #ElChapoGuzman, Against strong objections from #China, Tibetan Buddhist leader the Dalai Lama met with U.S. President Barack Obama. Details here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/22/china-upset-with-dalai-lamas-meeting-with-obama/, A highly organized criminal network is out of business in #China. http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/22/gang-leader-busted/, Clashes Continue Between Police and Demonstrators in #Venezuela: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/22/clashes-continue-between-police-and-demonstrators-in-venezuela/, You can now watch our News Hour Online! http://www.cctv-america.tv/livenews/, As its economy teeters and crime surges, Venezuelans hit the streets. But the government stands its ground. Tune in to Americas Now this Sunday @ 7:30 PM EST! 

http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/21/political-unrest-in-venezuela/, Can you imagine a house being built in a day, or being made with a printer? Welcome to the new age of 3-D printing. A USC engineering professor developed a method to quickly and smoothly print materials like concrete. He's built full-scale sections of building walls, and hopes to eventually build entire houses. Is 3-D printing the future of architecture? Watch Yakenda McGahee’s full report tonight at 8 PM EST on Biz Asia America., #Ukraine's opposition leaders signed an EU-mediated peace deal with President Viktor Yanukovych on Friday, with the hopes of resolving a political crisis that has escalated in recent days and opening the way for an early presidential election this year.
What’s #YourSay about the latest peace agreement in Ukraine?, Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny catches the ball under pressure from France wing Yoann Huget during the Six Nations international rugby union match between Wales and France at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff, south Wales, on February 21, 2014., Anti-government protesters gather on the Independent square in Kiev on February 21, 2014. The Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and three main opposition leaders signed a deal on February 21 to end a three-month crisis over the ex-Soviet country's political future that has led to nearly 100 deaths., People set candles  in the center of Kiev on February 21, 2014, as they mourn those anti-government protesters killed during clashes with the police a day before. President Viktor Yanukovych's dramatic decision to hold early elections and form a new unity government was met with caution by the tens of thousands gathered on central Kiev's main square for a protest that began exactly three months earlier., Cows chew straws on the eve of the opening of the #Paris international Agricultural Fair at the Porte de Versailles exhibition centre in Paris, on February 21, 2014., Canada's Jamie Benn vies with US David Backes during the Men's Ice Hockey Semifinal match between the USA and Canada at the Bolshoy Ice Dome during the #Sochi Winter Olympics on February 21, 2014. Canada won by 1-0., Do they look happy? Head of Udar (Punch) party Vitali Klitschko and Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych shake hands after signing an agreement in Kiev on February 21, 2014. #Ukraine's leader and opposition on Friday signed a deal to end the splintered country's worst crisis since independence after three days of carnage left nearly 100 protesters dead and the heart of Kiev resembling a war zone., As protests continue against the government with deadly casualties, on this week's episode of the Heat, we will look into the ongoing crisis in Ukraine.
Watch CCTV America on Saturday Feb 22nd., Militants wearing suicide vests and carrying guns and grenades attacked the presidential palace in #Somalia on Friday, the latest attack in the violence-prone Somali capital of Mogadishu. The country's president was reported to be unharmed, though 2 government officials were killed, according to the interior ministry., A Japanese customer wearing a military costume celebrates as he holds a Sony PlayStation 4 video game console during a countdown ceremony at the Sony building in the Ginza district of Tokyo on February 22, 2014. At midnight, the first 100 customers at the event were allowed to take home the new console ahead of a nationwide mass-release., Netherlands' Freek van der Wart and Russia's Vladimir Grigorev fall as they compete in the Men's Short Track 500 m Quarterfinals at the Iceberg Skating Palace during the Sochi Winter Olympics on February 21, 2014., Chinese President Xi Jinping talks with French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius during a meeting at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on February 21, 2014. Fabius arrived in Beijing after meeting with his German and Polish counterparts in Kiev, to make preparations for Xi's trip to France in March., U.S. Army Chief of Staff General Ray Odierno poses with Fang Huifeng, Chief of the General Staff of the People's Liberation Army, at Bayi Building in Beijing on February 21, 2014., Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has denied corruption allegations over a controversial rice subsidy program. Recent problems stemming from the program have angered farmers in the country’s rural heartland. If found guilty, she could be forced from office., Ukraine's leader and opposition on Friday signed a deal to end the splintered country's worst crisis since independence after three days of carnage left nearly 100 protesters dead and the heart of Kiev resembling a war zone. President Viktor Yanukovych's dramatic decision to hold early elections and form a new unity government was met with caution by the tens of thousands gathered on central Kiev's main square for a protest that began exactly three months earlier. The head of the Udar (Punch) party Vitalii Klitschko, the head of the Svoboda party Oleh Tyagnybok, Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych, and the head of Batkivcshchyna party Arseniy Yatsenyuk sign an agreement on February 21, 2014 in Kiev., U.S. Army Chief of Staff Gen. Raymond Odierno and Gen. Wang Ning deputy Chief Staff of the People's Liberation Army (PLA), salute as they review an honour guard at China's Ministry of Defense in Beijing on February 21, 2014., Cities in northern China, including Beijing, Tianjin and surrounding areas, are experiencing moderate to heavy smog and air pollution, that is expected to last for a week. The capital has issued a yellow alert for heavy air pollution, which is the first since the municipal government issued an emergency response plan for severe air pollution last October. With no cold front in sight to help disperse the smoggy air, large parts of the country's north will continue to see severe pollution for the next three days. The air quality is not expected to improve until a stream of cold air comes next Thursday. Local residents are advised to take protective measures, reduce outdoor activities and use public transport. Children and the elderly have been advised to stay indoors., Pandas everywhere! Local residents look at the paper pandas which are placed at a park during an exhibition called "Pandas on Tour" in Taipei on February 21, 2014. Some 1,600 paper made pandas are on display, designed by French  artist Paulo Grangeon., Theatre staff monitor a 120 kilogram male tiger 'Rokan' during a general health check at Wellington Zoo on February 21, 2014. Veterinarians decided to examine the 17-year-old big cat under a general anaesthetic after keepers noticed he appeared "out of sorts" in his enclosure., Brad Keselowski, driver of the #2 Miller Lite Ford, leads a pack of cars during the #NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Budweiser Duel 2 at Daytona International Speedway on February 20, 2014 in Daytona Beach, Florida., Venezuelan anti-government students light a fire during clashes with riot policemen following a protest, in Caracas on February 20, 2014. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, successor of the late Hugo Chavez, is under fire over what protesters say is rampant crime, runaway inflation, high unemployment and other economic problems., Lee Yong-Sil of #ROK embraces her crying sister Lee Jong-Sil of #DPRK during a reunion event for families divided by the two countries, at the DPRK's resort area of Mount Kumgang on February 20, 2014. The first North-South family reunion for more than three years began with a mass gathering in the main hall of a resort on Mount Kumgang, a Unification Ministry official said in Seoul. The event was the result of tortuous, high-level negotiations between Pyongyang and Seoul, which nearly broke down over the DPRK's objections to overlapping joint military exercises between South Korea and the United States., Karen Short, the wife of Australian missionary John Short, 75, who is currently detained in #DPRK, holds a picture of herself and her husband, at their Christian Book Room publishing house in Hong Kong on February 20, 2014. John Short, 75, was taken from his #Pyongyang hotel on February 17, 1014 by police, two days after arriving from Beijing as part of a small tour group, according to his wife Karen., Good news or bad news? Two chickens wait in their cage after poultry markets closed due to the risk of spreading the #H7N9 bird flu virus at Guiyang in Guizhou Province, on February 20, 2014. So far this year #China has confirmed 115 human H7N9 cases, including 25 deaths., The Ivanpah #Solar Electric Generating System is seen in an aerial view on February 20, 2014 in the Mojave Desert in California near Primm, Nevada. The largest solar thermal power-tower system in the world, owned by NRG Energy, Google and BrightSource Energy, opened last week in the Ivanpah Dry Lake and uses 347,000 computer-controlled mirrors to focus sunlight onto boilers on top of three 459-foot towers, where water is heated to produce steam to power turbines providing power to more than 140,000 California homes., Brazilian Marines land at the deck of a hotel at Brasilia's Paranoa Lake on February 20, 2014, during a drill of the security measures to implement during the #FIFA World Cup Brazil 2014 in June and July., What's new at the American International #Toy Fair 2014? Watch this short video from CCTV America to see anything you like., It's indeed a great game for both teams. U.S. players react after the Women's Ice #Hockey Gold Medal Game between Canada and USA at the Bolshoy Ice Dome during the Sochi Winter Olympics on February 20, 2014. #Canada beat the United States 3-2 in overtime on Thursday for its fourth consecutive title., Chien-Ming Wang #40 of the Cincinnati #Reds poses for a picture during picture day on February 20, 2014 in Goodyear Park, Arizona., #Senegal President Macky Sall and Chinese President Xi Jinping  observe a signing of agreements between officials of their delegations at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on 20 February, 2014. Sall is on an official visit to China and is expected to lead bilateral meetings with Chinese officials to boost country ties., SHARE if you LIKE her beautiful performance! China's Li Zijun performs in the Women's Figure #Skating Free Program at the Iceberg Skating Palace during the Sochi Winter Olympics on February 20, 2014., What do you think will be the effect of sanctions on #Ukraine? Give us #YourSay!
European Union foreign ministers have agreed to impose sanctions on Ukrainian officials responsible for violence and excessive force against protesters. EU stated that targeted sanctions including asset freezes and visa bans would be introduced as a matter of urgency. 
This composite picture shows you the Square before and after., British luxury sports carmaker Aston Martin is recalling more than 17,000 of its vehicles built since 2007. The company found that a Chinese supplier was using counterfeit plastic materials in its accelerator pedal molds. China’s Xinhua news agency accused Aston Martin for being unprofessional by not properly monitoring its supply chain. Do you think Aston Martin is to blame? Watch Richard Bestic’s full report on Biz Asia America tonight at 8 PM EST., A rights group on Thursday denounced Egypt's stand on freedom of expression as 20 employees of the Qatar-based Al-Jazeera network went on trial accused of membership in a terrorist organization and also for aiding it., Explosions rocked five polling stations in eastern Libya on Thursday as voters began electing a body to draft a new constitution, another step in the OPEC producer's rocky transition since Muammar Gaddafi fell in 2011. Nobody was wounded in the bomb attacks but the incident highlighted the volatile situation in this North African country., Elderly Koreans from each side of the peninsula's heavily-armed border on Thursday wrapped their arms around relatives not seen since the 1950s in the first reunion of families divided by the Korean war in over three years. Reunions were held after North set aside a demand for the suspension of joint military drills by the South and the U.S., An anti-government protester listens to a speech by anti-government protest leader Suthep Thaugsuban in Bangkok, #Thailand on Thursday, Feb. 20, 2014. On Wednesday, a Thai court ordered the government not to use force against protesters who are attempting to oust Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra., Latest tweets from the chaos in #Ukraine ., Iranian women and a girl holding up portraits of Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei during a meeting in Tehran. Iran's top decision-maker Khamenei said that while he is not against a resumption of nuclear negotiations with the world's major powers, the talks will "lead nowhere"., Buses carrying attendees of a family reunion between DPRK and ROK leave the hotel in the eastern port city of Sokcho on February 20, 2014. A group of 82 elderly, specially-selected South Koreans gathered at a coastal resort on February 19 prior to crossing into #DPRK for the first reunion in more than three years for the #peninsula's divided families., People look at a #Tesla Motors vehicle on the showroom floor at the Dadeland Mall on February 19, 2014 in Miami, Florida. Tesla said today it earned $46 million in the fourth quarter on a non-adjusted basis, or 33 cents a share, causing shares in the company to jump 12%., #Facebook Inc. announced that it will purchase smartphone-messaging app company #WhatsApp Inc. for $16 billion in cash and stock. Do you use WhatsApp? What do you think of this move by Facebook?, Anti-government protesters who were wounded during last night's deadly clashes with riot police on Kiev's Indepndence Square, rest on February 19, 2014 in Mykhaylo Gold Dome #cathedral which was turned into a hospital. Anti-government protesters in Kiev braced on February 19 for a fresh assault by riot police after a day of fierce clashes left at least 25 people dead in Ukraine's worst crisis since the collapse of the Soviet Union., U.S. President Barack Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper take a walk at the Cosmovitral Botanical Gardens in Toluca, Mexico, on February 19, 2014. Obama and Harper are hosted by Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto as the three leaders join for the summit of North American Leaders for talks focusing on "a range of issues important to the daily lives of all of North America's people, including economic competitiveness, entrepreneurship, trade and investment, and citizen security.", The Ukrainian President Yanukovich's office says he and opposition leaders have agreed on a "truce" after 26 people were killed in street clashes. The announcement comes ahead of meetings with EU foreign ministers who are threatening to impose sanctions for the violence., It's been 20 years since the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) reshaped the ways the U.S., Canada, and Mexico do business with each other. World leaders involved met in Mexico to discuss what this agreement means to the U.S. economy, Mexico, and the possibility of the United States inking a free trade agreement with China. Who benefits most from trade pacts such as NAFTA? 

#YourSay or leave your comment below., The mystery of how Cassiopeia A exploded is unraveling thanks to new data from NASA's Nuclear Spectroscopic Telescope Array, or NuSTAR. In this NASA image obtained February 19, 2014, NuSTAR data, which shows high-energy X-rays from radioactive material, are colored blue. Lower-energy X-rays from non-radioactive material, imaged previously with NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory, are shown in red, yellow and green. The new view shows a more complete picture of Cassiopeia A, the remains of a star that blew up in a supernova event whose light reached Earth about 350 years ago, when it could have appeared to observers as a star that suddenly brightened. The remnant is located 11,000 light-years away from Earth. NuSTAR is the first telescope capable of taking detailed pictures of the radioactive material in the Cassiopeia A supernova remnant. While other telescopes have detected radioactivity in these objects before, NuSTAR is the first capable of pinpointing the location of the radioactivity, creating maps., Bayern Munich's Peruvian striker Claudio Pizarro challenges Arsenal's Polish goalkeeper Lukasz Fabianski during the UEFA Champions League Last 16, first leg football match between Arsenal and Bayern Munich at The Emirates Stadium in north London on February 19, 2014. Bayern Munich won 2-0., #Pakistan President Mamnoon Hussain attends a welcoming ceremony with Chinese President Xi Jinping at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on 19 February, 2014. Hussain is on a four day visit to #China to bolster bilateral ties including a range of agreements on #economy and #trade., Footage from yesterday's brutal assault of Pussy Riot members protesting under an advertisement for the #Sochi Olympics is now up on CCTV America's website.  #MustSee, At least 25 people have died in the protests. Now Canada has closed its embassy in the Ukraine after protesters entered the embassy amid a violent crackdown on opposition demonstrators outside. , A $1 million protest statement! A man broke a vase from Chinese artist Ai Weiwei at the Perez Art Museum Miami in Florida. It was valued at $1 million. Maximo Caminero was upset over the lack of local artists on display. This photo shows the exhibit called "According To What?" Caminero was charged with criminal mischief. 
Read Ai WeiWei's reaction here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/19/miami-artist-destroys-1-million-vase-by-chinese-artist-ai-weiwei/, Protesters braced on February 19 for a fresh assault by riot police in central Kiev after a day of clashes left at least 25 people dead in the worst violence since the start of Ukraine's three-month political crisis., Catherine Margaret Ashton, Vice President of the European Commission, Javad Mohammad Zarif, Iranian Foreign Minister and Hassan Tajik, Iranian ambassador to Austria attend the EU 5+1 Talks with Iran at the UN headquarters in Vienna, Austria on February 18, 2014. Nuclear talks between Iran and world powers moved to the next level Tuesday, February 18, 2014 as negotiators began work on transforming an interim deal into an ambitious lasting accord., Do you play Flappy Bird? The simple yet addictive app has made millions in its short time on the market. It pulls in $50,000 every day from ad revenue alone. Flappy Bird’s Vietnam-based creator grabbed headlines when he shockingly pulled the popular app from the marketplace, despite its success. Watch Biz Asia America tonight at 8 PM EST to see Mark Niu’s full report., An Afghan woman takes a photograph with her mobile phone as she and supporters attend the election rally of Afghan presidential candidate Abdullah Abdullah in Jalalabad on February 18, 2014. Afghanistan's April 5 election is the third presidential poll since the fall of the Taliban with 11 candidates contesting the polls., Xi Jinping, general secretary of the Communist Party of China Central Committee, met with Kuomintang Honorary Chairman Lien Chan in Beijing on Tuesday afternoon. Xi said on Tuesday that cross-Strait consultations on political differences should be on an equal basis under the One-China principle. "Regarding the long-existing political differences across the Taiwan Strait, we are willing to hold consultations with the Taiwan side on an equal basis under the One-China principle and make reasonable arrangements," Xi said.
Xi called on the two sides across the Strait to consolidate the basis for adhering to the 1992 Consensus and opposing "Taiwan independence", and foster the common understanding of One China., Now you can watch CCTV America's live newscast here:  http://www.cctv-america.tv/livenews/, Leopoldo Lopez, an ardent opponent of Venezuela's socialist government facing an arrest warrant after President Nicolas Maduro ordered his arrest on charges of homicide and inciting violence, kisses his wife Lilian Tintori, during a demonstration before turning himself in to authorities, in Caracas on February 18, 2014. Fugitive Venezuelan opposition leader Lopez, blamed by Maduro for violent clashes that left three people dead last week, appeared at an anti-government rally in eastern Caracas and quickly surrendered to the National Guard after delivering a brief speech., Have you changed the way you watch TV? A merger between Comcast & Time Warner Cable would create the largest cable provider in the U.S. But many users are cutting the cable cord turning to online content providers like Netflix and Amazon. And traditional networks are fighting viewer erosion. Karina Huber reports on the future of cable tonight at 8 PM EST on Biz Asia America., Trucks drive along Interstate 80 on February 18, 2014 in Berkeley, California. U.S. President Barack Obama announced that his administration is beginning to develop a new phase of tighter fuel efficiency standards for medium and heavy-duty vehicles and has ordered the Environmental Protection Agency and Transportation Department's National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to create and impose new fuel-efficiency and greenhouse gas standards by March 31, 2016., GMOs (Genetically Modified Organisms) are crops that have been engineered to resist pests, be less vulnerable to disease or even contain more nutrients. While supporters claim GMOs are safe to eat, critics are concerned they could have a negative impact on human health. More than 60 countries have full or partial bans on GMOs. 

What is the alternative to #GMOs? How can we feed the world without them? 

#YourSay on Twitter or leave a comment below., Navy Pier juts out into an ice-covered Lake #Michigan on February 18, 2014 in Chicago, Illinois. This winters prolonged cold weather has caused more than 88 percent of the Great Lakes to be covered in ice which is near the record of 95% set in February 1979., Venezuelan Presidency of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro raises his fist during a rally in Caracas, on February 18, 2014. Fugitive Venezuelan opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez, blamed by #Maduro for violent clashes that left three people dead last week, appeared at an anti-government rally in eastern Caracas and quickly surrendered to the National Guard after delivering a brief speech., Manchester City's Spanish striker Alvaro Negredo vies for the ball against Barcelona's defender Gerard Pique during a UEFA Champions League Last 16, first leg football match between Manchester City and Barcelona at The Etihad Stadium in #Manchester, northwest England on February 18, 2014., Anti-government protesters clash with the police during their storming of the Independence Square in Kiev on February 18, 2014. Flames engulfed the main anti-government protest camp on Kiev's Independence Square on Tuesday as riot police tried to force demonstrators out following the bloodiest clashes in three months of protests. The iconic square turned into a #war zone as riot police moved slowly through opposition barricades from several directions, hurling stun grenades and using water cannon to clear #protesters., A former #Fudan University student who poisoned his roommate in April 2013, was sentenced to death at Shanghai No 2 Intermediate People's Court on Tuesday.

Lin Senhao, 28, was charged with the intentional homicide of his roommate Huang Yang, also a postgraduate medical student. According to prosecutors, Lin laced a water dispenser the two shared with N-Nitrosodimethylamine, an organic chemical highly toxic to the liver. He had stolen the substance from a lab at Shanghai Zhongshan Hospital, where he worked as an intern., A man rides past a transformer robot advertising a #Ford car dealership in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province. Ford is catching up to its competitors in key Asian markets and expects to sell more than one million vehicles there for the first time this year. Rival General Motors was much faster to move into the Asian market and sells more than three million vehicles in #China alone. #GM, Silver Medallist, Australia's David Morris; Gold Medallist, Belarus' Anton Kushnir; and Bronze Medallist, #China's Jia Zongyang celebrate at the Men's Freestyle #Skiing Aerials Flower Ceremony at the Rosa Khutor Extreme Park during the Sochi Winter Olympics on February 17, 2014., Wearing masks members of Russian punk group Pussy Riot, Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina speak to journalists while leaving the police station of Adler, near #Sochi, on February 18, 2014 after her arrest earlier in the host city of the 2014 Winter Olympics. Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina walked free after being questioned about an alleged theft from a hotel. #pussyriot, The crisis in #Ukraine escalated on Tuesday, with nine people reported killed in anti-government demonstrations. The clashes outside parliament erupted after the opposition accused the government of ignoring its demands -- even after 3 months of protests. 
How do you think the crisis can be resolved?, Later this month, Seattle will be the first U.S. city with #bitcoin ATMs, according to Las Vegas-based company, Robocoin. Canada was the first to install machines that cater solely to the digital currency, and there are plans to introduce cash points this year in #London and #Singapore., Libyan youths release lanterns into the sky as they celebrate the third anniversary of the popular revolt that overthrew dictator Moamer Kadhafi,  in the eastern city of Benghazi. The anniversary of the uprising that ended with Kadhafi's killing in 2011 comes as Libya's new rulers battle critics calling for a "new revolution" and accusing them of failing to usher in much-needed reforms., Ukraine granted amnesty to opposition protesters after they agreed to end an occupation of Kiev's city hall and other public buildings, while opposition leaders were set to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to ask for EU assistance. Pictured are Maidan self-defense activists fighting during a drill in a camp of the Ukrainian anti-government opposition on Independence Square in Kiev., Thai soldiers stand guard during a protest against the government's repeatedly delayed payments for rice submitted to the pledging scheme at the government's temporary office in Bangkok. Thai opposition demonstrators besieged government offices, including a compound that has been used as a temporary headquarters by Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, in defiance of authorities who have vowed to reclaim key state buildings., A handout picture released by the official website of Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei shows Iranian women and a girl holding up portraits of him during a meeting in Tehran. Iran's top decision-maker Khamenei said today that while he is not against a resumption of nuclear negotiations with the world's major powers, the talks will "lead nowhere.", Former US President Bill Clinton speaks with students during a visit to the school Union Des Apotres in Citie Soleil, Port au Prince, to observe the work that has been done by his foundation at the school, supporting tree planting and gardening., An Afghan man gestures at the animal market on the outskirts of Kabul. The Afghanistan economy is largely based on agriculture and herding with cattle a major source of income., Police evacuate passengers from the Ethiopian Airlines flight en route to Rome, which was hijacked and forced to land in Geneva, where the hijacker has been arrested. There were no immediate reports of injuries and in a statement in Addis Ababa Ethiopian Airlines said "the passengers are safe and sound." The hijacker was the co-pilot, according to the Geneva airport where the plane was forced to land., According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the death toll in nearly three years of conflict in Syria has risen to more than 140,000 people including nearly 50,000 civilians. An injured man holds his leg following a reported air strike by Syrian government forces in the Hanano district of the northern Syrian city of Aleppo., What should governments do regarding genetically modified food labeling? We want to hear #YourSay! SHARE your comment below and we might air it tonight!, CCTV America's weekly news magazine program, @CCTVAmericasNOW, caught up with #UFC heavyweight champion Cain Velasquez. @cainmma
See more: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/17/profile-ufc-fighter-cain-velazquez-2/, China on Monday urged Japan to stick by the three non-nuclear principles, after Japanese officials hinted at allowing the United States to bring in nuclear weapons in emergency.

The three non-nuclear principles state that Japan will not produce, possess or allow the entry into its territory of nuclear weapons. They are an important part of Japan's peaceful post-war development, Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said., Buddhist monks from the Shaolin temple perform on January 19, 2014 at Dakar's Grand Theatre. These are the warrior monks of China's fabled Shaolin Temple, the birthplace of kung fu which is spreading its gospel to Africa as part of a wood-smashing, sword-dancing, spear-balancing grab at global ubiquity. A common sight for years across Asia, the United States and Europe, the Shaolin monks are turning their attention to Africa, where kung fu has been largely overshadowed by tribal martial arts but is quickly growing in popularity., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry torques an engine bolt during a tour of the Foton Cummins Engine plant in Beijing on February 15, 2014., Large crowds visit the Lantern Festival and Lunar New Year decorations in the Yuyuan Gardens of Shanghai on February 15, 2014. China celebrates the traditional Lantern Festival which formally marks the end of celebrations for the Chinese Lunar New Year period, 15 days after it began, and is celebrated by viewing lanterns and setting off fireworks, among other activities., Chinese ballet performers perform during a photo shoot in front of the Australia's iconic landmarks Opera House and Habour Bridge in Sydney on February 17, 2014. One of China's celebrated dance campanies is bringing one of the country's biggest ballet production to Australia for a series of performances in Sydney and Melbourne, null, An anti-government student holding a torn Venezuelan flag stands in front of a water cannon during a protest in Caracas. Supporters and opponents of Venezuela's leftist government staged dueling rallies in Caracas and other cities in the latest public displays of discontent at soaring inflation and basic goods shortages., A model presents Autumn/Winter 2014-2015 collection creations by Agatha Ruiz de la Prada during Madrid Fashion Week in Madrid, Spain., A Chinese wedding party jumping for their photographer at the historic Bund area of Shanghai. Unlike in the west, Chinese wedding photos are normally taken months before the ceremony and show couples posing in western and Chinese outfits. Recently a trade association for wedding photographers in China called for a ban on naked portraits of newlyweds, a new trend among the country's young couples., People dressed as members of French Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte's army take part in a historical reenactment of the Battle of Montereau in Montereau-Fault-Yonne, northern France. The Battle of Montereau, won by the French, was fought on February 18, 1814 near Montereau-Fault-Yonne between the French led by Napoleon Bonaparte and the Austrians and the Wurttembergers under the King of Wurttemberg., Finland's Leo Komarov (2ndL) tries to score against Canada's goalkeeper Carey Price during the Men's Ice Hockey Group B match Finland vs Canada at the Bolshoy Ice Dome during the Sochi Winter Olympics., Dancers perform during carnival in Encarncion, 375 km south of Asuncion. The "Llamadas" is Paraguay's biggest carnival parade, in which "comparsas," groups of dancers and drummers compete., Romeo Lopez feeds elephant Trompita with a piece of birthday cake made of vegetables and fruit during its 53th birthday celebration at the Aurora zoo in Guatemala city., Kerry will issue a clarion call for the world to do to more to combat climate change, warning the planet is being pushed to "a tipping point of no return". US Secretary of State John Kerry takes a photo with a group of students before delivering a speech on climate change in Jakarta., Can the United States government legally target American citizens in another country? Watch the Heat tonight @7:30PM EST!, What happens When Valentine's Day meets Lantern Festival? 
http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/15/what-happens-when-valentines-day-meets-lantern-festival/, Two people were killed February 14 when a fresh snow storm hit Japan, disrupting rail and road travel, grounding more than 100 flights and adding to the piles left behind by an earlier blanketing., Zhou Yang of China wins Olympic gold in women's 1,500-meter short track speedskating. #Sochi2014, Despite having forty four anti-poverty programs,  Costa Rica  has become a poster child for income inequality in Latin America. : http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/14/rich-poor-gap-increases-in-costa-rica/, This Week on @CCTVAmericasNOW: People's Police in Mexico
Because of corruption in #Mexico's police force and vigilante justice, one Mexican state has decided to fire corrupt police officers -- and replace them with civilians.
Watch this Sunday at 7:30 PM Eastern.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HV9mdnxZ0Hk, Speaking about the relationship with China, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the "United States is committed to pursuing a positive, cooperative, comprehensive relationship and welcomes the rise of a peaceful and prosperous China that plays a positive role in world affairs". How do you see US-China relations in 2014? Share#YourSay below and we might air it tonight!, CCTV America thanks you for answering our #YourSay question yesterday! Stay tuned for today's question and keep the responses coming!
Some of your answers: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxxSNK3QM-A
, A woman picks a paper panda during a press conference at the Taipei City Zoo on February 14, 2014. There are one hundred paper pandas on display as part of celebrations to mark the Taipei City Zoo's 100th anniversary which will fall on October 31, 2014., Share to the One you love! A couple is seen at the sunrise on Copacabana beach on the eve of Saint #Valentin day, in Rio de Janeiro, on 13 February, 2014,Brazil., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry walks off his plane after arriving at Beijing International Airport in Beijing on February 14, 2014. Kerry paid a visit at the invitation of Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi. The two sides will discuss bilateral ties and other issues of common concern., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang at the Zhongnanhai Leadership Compound in Beijing on February 14, 2014., World leaders gathered in London in a global effort to fight the illegal wildlife trade. Hong Kong film legend 成龍 Jackie Chan -- ambassador for @WildAid -- was also in attendance at an evening reception for the conference. Don't miss CCTV America reporter Ma Shuo's story. 
See more: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5Z2mCuPFbQ, U.S. President Barack Obama walks through the snow to #Marine One on the south lawn of the White House in Washington, DC, February 14, 2014, traveling to Cambridge, Maryland, where he will be speaking to House Democrats., Couples pray to "Yue Lao", the god of #marriage and #love in the Chinese mythology, on #Valentine's Day at Wong Tai Sin temple in Hong Kong on February 14, 2014. Valentine's Day this year falls on the same day of the #Chinese #Lantern #Festival, also known as Chinese Valentine's Day, which according to the Chinese calendar happens only every 19 years., Happy Valentine and Happy Chinese Lantern Festival! A couple take part in a #kissing competition to celebrate Valentine's day in the Taipei Train Station on February 14, 2014. Valentine's Day this year falls on the same day of the Chinese Lantern Festival, also known as Chinese #Valentine's Day, which according to the Chinese calendar happens only every 19 years., Valentine's Day in 2014 takes on a new meaning for many Chinese this year as it falls on what happens to be the Lantern Festival, which is celebrated on the 15th day of the first month of the Chinese lunar calendar. As early as the Western Han Dynasty (206 BC-AD 25), it had become a festival with great significance., Which style do you like best? Young South Korean couples often advertise their relationship by wearing matching outfits, whether socks, shirts, jackets or, more privately, underwear. The trend has spawned a small cottage industry, with specialist online stores offering "couple swimwear" for the summer holidays, "couple snowboarding suits" for the winter and "couple track suits" for those who like jogging together. #valentine, World leaders gathered in London for an international conference aimed at combating the illegal wildlife trade. Britain's Prince Charles made an appeal for the world to come together to end the "appalling trade" threatening animals such as elephants and tigers in Africa and Asia., A demonstrator lies on the ground while National Guard prepare to shoot during an opposition demonstration against the government of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, in Caracas on February 12, 2014. Unidentified assailants on a motorcycle fired into a crowd of anti-government protesters, leaving at least two people wounded and a pro-government man dead., Wang Yu-chi, minister of Taiwan's Mainland Affairs Council (MAC) took a high-speed train from Nanjing in the morning and arrived at noon in Shanghai. The Shanghai-Nanjing high-speed railway is nearly 301 kilometers in length, and the minimum travel time between the two cities has been shortened from two hours to just 73 minutes, with an average speed of more than 300 kilometers per hour., Dutch DJ Hardwell, also known as Robbert van de Corput, poses with ladies of the museum's development department, including Dutch Princess Marilene, in front of the painting "Nachtwacht" painted by #Dutch painter #Rembrandt in the Rijksmuseum in #Amsterdam, the Netherlands, on February 13, 2014, prior to a performance., South Korea's Park Seung-Hi, Great Britain's Elise Christie and Italy's Arianna Fontana fall as China's Li Jianrou skates past them to win the gold medal in the Women's Short Track 500m Final at the Iceberg Skating Palace during the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics on February 13, 2014., Congratulations! Less fancied Zhang Hong claimed China's first ever Olympic speed skating title on Thursday, winning the women's 1,000m with a large margin. The 25-year-old Olympic debutante, who clocked one minute 14.02 seconds in the seventh pair, had to wait for 22 more skaters to finish the race before knowing she had made history., Three Venezuelans died on Wednesday during protests against President Nicolas Maduro’s year-old administration. As Venezuela joins Turkey, Thailand, and Ukraine in anti-government demonstrations, do you think protests are the best way to effect change? Tell us #YourSay for tonight's show!, How much shopping do you do online? CCTV America's Karina Huber and Maelle Cavet, CEO of Ozon, talk about the future of #ecommerce.
Watch it here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBz7whk1G-4, CCTV America delves into the conditions and need of protection for civilians in conflict areas. Nick Harper joins us from the United Nations Headquarters in New York with further details. http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/13/protecting-civilians-in-conflict-areas/ , U.S. Secretary of State, John Kerry, pays a visit to Asia. CCTV America reports. http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/13/us-secretary-of-state-visits-asia/ , China joins the largest simulated battle in South-East Asia. This is considered a critical military and diplomatic move for the nation. CCTV America reports from Thailand. http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/12/china-joins-annual-us-thailand-military-drill/, U.S. #guncontrol Debate: Should Teachers be Armed? 
CCTV America anchor Mike Walter is joined by Eliott Fineman, a gun control advocate; and Guy Smith, who believes gun rights are being trampled. #guncontrol
Watch it here: http://bit.ly/1fjWsgG, Cold weather slowed down shopping and auto buying in the U.S. Retail Sales fell by 0.4% in January. 
How have you been affected by the current winter storm? #snowpocalypse, Right (Comment to Vote) or Wrong (Share to Vote)? A perfectly healthy young giraffe named Marius was shot dead at Copenhagen zoo on Febuary 9, 2014 despite an online petition to save it signed by thousands of animal lovers. Marius, an 18-month-old giraffe, was put down with a bolt gun early on Sunday. The zoo said it had no choice because of its duty to avoid in-breeding. A veterinarian made an open to public autopsy and lions feasted the remains of #Marius., What should #gun sense in America be? Shannon Watts speaks about gun viloence in schools while flanked by Carlee Soto, sister of Newtown victim and Sandy Hook teacher Victoria Soto, Sen. Chris Murphy (D-CT) and Rep. Carolyn McCarthy during a news conference on Capitol Hill, February 12, 2014 Washington, DC. Mayors Against Illegal Guns and Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America held the news conference to urge Congress into passing stricter gun laws. #NRA, Hundreds of people take part in an opposition demo against the government of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro, in Caracas on February 12, 2014. Unidentified assailants on a motorcycle fired into a crowd of anti-government protesters, leaving at least two people wounded and a pro-government man dead., Northbound on Interstate 85 is at a standstill at rush-hour, while southbound is abandoned on February 12, 2014 in Durham, North Carolina. Snow fell hard and fast in central North Carolina, resulting in snarled traffic, abandoned cars and vehicular accidents by mid-afternoon., Wang Yu-chi, Taiwan's mainland affairs chief, visits Dr. Sun Yat-sen's mausoleum in Nanjing, capital of east China's Jiangsu Province, Feb. 12, 2014. Born in 1866, Dr. Sun is known for his leading role in the 1911 Revolution, which overthrew the imperial Qing Dynasty (1644-1911) and ended more than 2,000 years of feudal rule in China. He is also considered a founder of Kuomintang (KMT), now the ruling party in Taiwan. Dr. Sun founded a republican government in Nanjing in 1911 after the fall of the Qing Dynasty. After his death in Beijing on March 12, 1925, his remains were moved to the mausoleum in Nanjing in 1929., Nine still frames from the North Carolina Department of Transportation (NCDOT) traffic cameras show the difficulties drivers from the town of Raleigh, North Carolina, face February 12, 2014 during a snow storm that hit the US East Coast. The eastern United States, in the grips of one of the most brutal winters in recent memory, braced for what forecasters warned could be the worst broadside yet, a massive storm with the season's heaviest snowfall., Taiwan's mainland affairs chief, Wang Yu-chi, on Wednesday paid tribute at the mausoleum of Dr. Sun Yat-sen, a renowned statesman who led the revolution ending imperial rule in China. On the second day of his groundbreaking mainland visit, Wang bowed to Dr. Sun's statue in the mausoleum and presented a wreath, before paying tribute to Dr. Sun's sarcophagus., Ready for the new incoming winter storm? Two dogs play in an icy Candler Park as people turn out to go sledding on February 12, 2014 in Atlanta, Georgia. Public schools were closed for another day, and hazardous road conditions kept most people home. A state of emergency was declared in 45 Georgia counties as sleet, freezing rain and snow fell across the state., Hungary Prime Minister Viktor Orban and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang  witness signing ceremonies at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on February 12, 2014. Orban is on an official visit to China and is expected to hold meetings with Chinese counterparts to boost ties between the two countries., A Somali fisherman carries a #swordfish from the port to the market in Mogadishu, #Somalia on February 11, 2014., While the United States has witnessed many of the deadliest school attacks, there are several notorious cases across the globe. What’s your view on arming teachers to improve school security?  We want to hear #YourSay! SHARE your comment below and we might air it tonight!, Tonight: Director of TRAFFIC, World Wildlife Fund, Allan Crawford  joins Phillip Yin to discuss the illegal animal trade. Tune in starting 7:00PM EST!, Canada's Meagan Duhamel and Canada's Eric Radford perform their Figure Skating Pairs Free Program at the Iceberg Skating Palace during the Sochi Winter Olympics. LIKE and SHARE! #Sochi2014, The Atlantic storms that have buffeted Europe in recent days have killed at least 5,000 sea birds on the French coast, half of them puffins., Salvadorean castaway Jose Salvador was taken to Hospital immediately after arriving to his country, El Salvador. Jose Salvador who says he spent 13 months adrift in the Pacific arrived home Tuesday to the warm embrace of a family that thought him dead. Alvarenga traveled across the ocean by plane this time, two weeks after the fisherman washed ashore in the Marshall Islands, telling the world he had floated for 12,500 kilometers. Do you believe his story?, A scuba diver takes photographs of an adult Humpback whale and its calf near Reunion Island. The diver comes face-to-face with a #Humpback mother and her #calf as they glide through the Indian Ocean. The majestic creatures were spotted by photographer Yann Oulia, 34, and his pal Gaby during a dive off the coast of Reunion Island. The pair were on a diving trip when they saw the calf at the surface coming up for air., Turkish riot police used tear gas grenades and water cannons to disperse more than 2,000 people demonstrating in Istanbul against new internet curbs that sparked alarm at home and abroad. Pictured is a protester who used a sling-shot against riot police., Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on February 11, 2014 in New York City. Following news that monetary policy will not change much under the new Fed chairwoman Janet Yellen, the Dow rose over 190 points. The House of Representatives voted to suspend the U.S. debt limit until March 2015, giving a win to President Barack Obama and Democrats in Congress who insisted that the ceiling be lifted without conditions., China's Liu Rui calls out instructions to his teammates as the USA's John Shuster watches from behind him, during the men's #curling competition between China and the USA at the Ice Cube Curling Center at the Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, Tuesday, Feb. 11, 2014. USA conceded a 9-4 defeat to China after End 8 in Tuesday's second curling session in Sochi., Algeria civil defense commander said that only 1 survived in the military plane crash that left 77 dead. A C-130 Hercules aircraft crashed into Mount Fertas in the Oum El Bouaghi region, about 500 km from the capital Algiers on Tuesday., According to the Centre for Research on Globalization, there are over 1,000 US bases and/or military installations throughout the globe in 63 countries. What is your take on the current state of US military presence? #YourSay or post your opinion below to be featured LIVE on tonight's show., The chief officials on cross-Strait affairs from the Chinese mainland and Taiwan met formally for the first time since 1949 on Tuesday afternoon. Zhang Zhijun, head of the State Council Taiwan Affairs Office, held a formal meeting with Wang Yu-chi, Taiwan's mainland affairs chief, who arrived in Nanjing, capital of east China's Jiangsu Province, on Tuesday morning as part of a four-day visit. The two sides aim to open a regular communication channel between their cross-Strait affairs departments, Zhang said in an opening speech at the meeting., President Barack Obama said on Tuesday, there is no country where the United States has committed not to engage in espionage.

Speaking at a joint press conference with French President Francois Hollande, Obama made these remarks., China's Wancheng Shi jumps during the Men's #Snowboard Halfpipe qualifications at the Rosa Khutor Extreme Park during the Sochi Winter Olympics on February 11, 2014., China's Qing Pang and Tong Jian perform in the Figure Skating Pairs Short Program at the Iceberg Skating Palace during the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics on February 11, 2014., China's Wang Bingyu trows the stone during the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics women's #curling round robin session 3 match against Russia at the Ice Cube curling center in Sochi on February 11, 2014., #NYFW2014 is underway! CCTV's Shraysi Tandon speaks to the "First Lady" of NY fashion, DVF - Diane von Furstenberg
See it here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVfPBRBd3Ms, US child film star Shirley Temple has died at the age of 85. The actress appeared in more than 20 feature films and was consistently the top US movie star. Shirley Temple Black was also US Ambassador to Ghana and to Czechoslovakia., Cameraman for the Bandeirantes network, Santiago Andrade, was hit in the head with some kind of explosive device during clashes between demonstrators protesting against a hike on bus fares and riot police in the surroundings of the Central Train Station in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It was reported by hospital sources that Andrade was diagnosed with brain death., Indians paid tribute on the 168th Martyrdom Day of Sikh warrior General Sardar Sham Singh Attari. Indian Punjab policemen pay tribute at the memorial of the Sikh warrior General Sardar Sham Singh Attari at India Gate, on the outskirts of Amritsar., Over 100 men of fighting age were evacuated from Homs on Tuesday, state media said. Since Friday, 1,151 civilians (mostly women, children, and the elderly) have been allowed to leave #Syria’s third largest city. Meanwhile, Syrian leaders are meeting in Geneva for another round of peace talks.
Do you think Syria is closer to peace?, 50 years ago today, on February 11, 1964 the Beatles played their first U.S. Concert in Washington, D.C., following their appearance on the Ed Sullivan show.  SHARE your favorite The Beatles song?  
Video: http://youtu.be/3C3c1O_Q6Gk, U.S. President Barack Obama welcomed French President Francois #Hollande to the White House for a lavish state visit. At the same time, speculation has intensified over problems in Hollande’s personal life. 
How do you feel about the media’s focus on Hollande’s personal life?, Afghanistan's economy is recovering from decades of conflict but despite the significant improvement in the last decade it is extremely poor, landlocked, and highly dependent on foreign aid., During celebration of St. Haralampi, protector of beekeepers, at the Church of the Blessed Virgin in Blagoevgrad, Bulgaria, believers pray around a cross-shaped platform covered with candles placed in jars of honey., Violence still continues in #Syria as conditions for civilians worsen. Syrian children ride a bicycle along a damaged street in the eastern Syrian city of Deir Ezzor., An activist of the anti-government opposition looks at police though binoculars as he guards a barricade in the center of Kiev during a concert on a barricade organized for the activists and the policemen. Russia will release the next installment of its $15 billion loan to Ukraine at the end of the month., US President Obama and French President Francois Hollande paid a visit to Thomas Jefferson's plantation estate in Charlottesville, VA., According to #UN reports approximately 97% of Afghan #refugees have no intention of leaving #Pakistan. Pictured here is a child who stands outside her family's makeshift shelter in a slum on the outskirts of Islamabad., 16 severe or "danger to life" flood warnings for the River Thames in England, UK. More details on tonight's show., Now you can watch CCTV America live online or mobile. 
Bookmark: http://www.cctv-america.com/livenews, WHO (World Health Organization) reports there are 33.4 million people currently living with HIV/AIDS. Over 25 million have died since 1981. Sex education is more important than ever before. What do you think is the best way to teach sex education? #YourSay or post your opinion below to get your answer featured LIVE on tonight's show., Congratulations to CCTV America photojournalists Joel Witte and Andrew Smith. They are both winners in the White House News Photographers Association 2014 Eyes of History Video Contest. 
Joel for Photography in News Special Reports/Series and Lighting.  Andrew for Documentary Editing.   We are proud to have such creative storytellers here at CCTV America.  White House News Photographers Association, Escalating violence in #Syria over the last few days has killed hundreds and disrupted food aid for trapped civilians. Peace talks between the Syrian government and the opposition resumed in #Geneva Monday. 
But will negotiations stall after the latest violence in the region?, The debate over the disputed Falkland Islands continues: CCTV America correspondent Joel Richards sits down with Malvinas Secretary Daniel Filmus to discuss the region's future.
WATCH: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1n3NHbIO5M, US players gather before the Women's Ice Hockey Group A match USA vs Finland at the Shayba Arena during the Sochi Winter Olympics on February 8, 2014. #TeamUSA beat Finland, 3-1.
SHARE your thoughts on the game., US fans support their team playing against Swizerland during the Women's Ice Hockey Group A match USA vs Switzerland at the Shayba Arena during the Sochi Winter Olympics on February 10, 2014., A new record for #China’s box office! Over the seven-day Chinese New Year Holiday, there were more than 38 million visits to the cinema, bringing in 1.41 billion yuan ($230 million), according to the official microblog of China Film News. 
Which Chinese films did you see over the holiday? #lunarnewyear, China's Zhang Kexin performs in the Women's Figure Skating Team Short Program at the Iceberg Skating Palace during the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics on February 8, 2014., China's Zhang Kexin reacts in the "Kiss and Cry" zone after performing in the Women's Figure Skating Team Short Program at the Iceberg Skating Palace during the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics on February 8, 2014., Canada's gold medalist Charles Hamelin, China's silver medalist Han Tianyu and Russia's bronze medalist Victor An pose on the podium during the Flower Ceremony after winning the Men's Short Track 1500 m at the Iceberg Skating Palace during the Sochi Winter Olympics on February 10, 2014., Schapelle Corby, an Australian drug trafficker who was convicted has been released after 9 years in prison in Indonesia., Russia wins first gold metal in team figure skating at the Sochi 2014 Olympics., More on #Syria crisis and #Homs evacuation story on @CCTV_America live tonight 7pm EST, Pro-nuclear Yoichi Masuzoe, former TV presenter and Cabinet minister, won the governor election for Tokyo, #Japan today., 112 workers were killed in a fire 2 years ago at a garment factory in #Bangladesh. The 2 owners turned themselves in to the authorities this week., According to the Human Rights Watch, immense religious violence in the Central African Republic may cause an entire Muslim population to be displaced., As protests continue against the military controlled government, on this week's episode of the Heat, we will explore the future of Egypt. Tune in @7:30PM EST! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUHgX9Nz4-0
, Damon Baehrel is the world's most exclusive 
restaurant. Find out why! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceea-y9xFKo, Two women were killed when a falling boulder hit a passing train in the French Alps on February 8, leaving one of its carriages dangling precariously off a steep, snow-covered embankment. Eight people were injured in the accident., Is Brazil ready for the upcoming World Cup? Don't miss our next show of America's Now! This sunday @7:30PM EST!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpTy_nuAFx8, An inauspicious start to the #Sochi2014 Olympics,as a man tries to hijack a plane, saying he had a bomb on board. Details here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xH0UjmKAnyY, Give us #YourSay! What is your favorite Winter Olympic sport and why? #Sochi2014, Egyptian medics wheel a wounded policeman into an ambulance on February 7, 2014 after a bomb exploded on a bridge in Central Cairo wounding six Egyptian policemen., China's President Xi Jinping waves from the presidential tribune as athletes from China are introduced at the opening ceremony of the 2014 Winter Olympics on February 7, 2014, in Sochi., Russia's President Vladimir Putin shakes hands with Chinese President Xi Jinping before a reception to greet high-ranked foreign guests before the 2014 Winter Olympic Games opening ceremony in Sochi, on February 7, 2014., China's flag bearer, figure skater Tong Jian leads his national delegation during the Opening Ceremony of the Sochi Winter Olympics at the Fisht Olympic Stadium on February 7, 2014 in Sochi., Let's enjoy the fireworks together above the Fisht Olympic Stadium during the opening ceremony of the Sochi 2014 Olympic Games in Sochi., Let's enjoy this general view of the stadium during the Opening Ceremony of the Sochi 2014 Olympic Games at the Fisht Olympic Stadium, Sochi, Russia, 07 February 2014., LIKE to support #TEAMCHINA. Figure skater Jian Tong of the China Olympic team carries China's national flag during the Opening Ceremony of the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics at Fisht Olympic Stadium on February 7, 2014 in Sochi, Russia., The U.S. delegation parades during the Opening Ceremony of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics at the Fisht Olympic Stadium on February 7, 2014 in Sochi., There's widespread corruption in the #EU, according to a report by the European Commission. @BizAsiaAmerica anchor @PhillipTKYin and Steven Fish, professor at the University of California, Berkeley, discuss the findings.    
WATCH: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKvk8cLGKCc, LIKE to support #TEAMUSA! U.S. flag bearer, nordic combined skier Todd Lodwick, leads #TEAMUSA national delegation during the Opening Ceremony of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics at the Fisht Olympic Stadium on February 7, 2014 in #Sochi., Performers take the field during the Opening Ceremony of the Sochi Winter Olympics at the Fisht Olympic Stadium on February 7, 2014 in Sochi., Vice President Joe #Biden said Friday that he sees “no obvious reason” stopping him from running for president in 2016. Biden says he’ll decide by summer 2015. However, former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton is widely considered the Democratic front-runner for the White House after Barack #Obama. 
Who do you think will be the next U.S. president? #hillary2016, Take a look! CCTV headquarter building is also in the picture. During the Spring Festival this year, police helicopters performed aerial fireworks discharge monitoring tasks, and events in major parks, festivals, ski resorts, highways, focusing on areas such as transportation hub site for aerial patrol and go all out social order to ensure a smooth capital, Beijing people spend a stable and peaceful New Year escort., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry participates in a ceremonial puck drop with Winnipeg Jets right wing Blake Wheeler of the US and Washington Capitols defenseman John Carlson of the US, before a hockey game at the Verizon Center 6, 2014 in Washington, DC. Kerry met with members of the Washington Capitols and the Winnipeg Jets who will be representing their nations, including the United States, Russia, Sweden, the Czech Republic and Finland during the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi., null, Russia's Yevgeny Plushenko celebrates with his coach Alexey Mishin  and his team after the Men's Figure Skating Team Short Program at the Iceberg Skating Palace during the Sochi Winter Olympics on February 6, 2014., Just in case. Zookeepers hold a net to capture an animal keeper dressed in a #gorilla costume during a drill to practice what to do in the event of an animal escape at the Ueno zoo in Tokyo on February 6, 2014. About 70 zookeepers participated in the annual drill., International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Thomas Bach shakes hands with Chinese President Xi Jinping before the IOC President’s Gala Dinner on February 6, 2014 in Sochi, on the eve of the #Sochi 2014 Olympic Winter Games opening ceremony., Russia's President Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Xi Jinping meet in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi, on February 6, 2014. This is the first time Xi will be attending a sports event overseas. Incidentally, this is also the second year running that President Xi has chosen Russia as the first country to visit in the new year., A statue of former U.S. President Ronald Reagan is seen February 6, 2014 at the entrance to Ronald Reagan International Airport in Washington, DC. Ronald Reagan was the 40th U.S. president and born on February 6, 1911 in Tampico, Illinois., Mother and her child feed birds in the Belarus capital Minsk, on February 6, 2014. LIKE if you agree she is adorable., Chinese visitors enjoy sledding and skating on the partially frozen Houhai Lake during the Lunar New Year holiday in Beijing on February 6, 2014. Beijing saw its warmest New Year's period in six decades with temperatures averaging 8 degree Celsius above normal and with no snowfall yet to hit the city., China's Zhang Hao and Peng Cheng perform during the Figure Skating Pairs Team Short Program at the Iceberg Skating Palace during the #Sochi Winter Olympics on February 6, 2014., China's Yan Han sits with his team in the "kiss and cry" zone after performing in the Men's Figure Skating Team Short Program at the Iceberg Skating Palace during the #Sochi Winter Olympics on February 6, 2014., U.S. Democratic Senator Max Baucus of Montana speaks with reporters after being confirmed by the Senate as the next U.S. Ambassador to China, February 6, 2014., Indira a bengal white #tigress, lies down with her #cubs at the zoo of Cali, Colombia, on February 6, 2014. The cubs were born on November 30, 2013., null, Despite consternation over security and other controversies, the 2014 #Sochi Olympic Games are hours away. What do you expect from these Olympic games? We want to know #YourSay!, On the eve of the  2014 Olympic Games, organizers say "Sochi will  be the safest place on Earth during the Olympics." In the meantime, athletes are getting ready. Who is your favorite #Sochi Olympic athlete?, Tell us if you want to have them! Japanese character goods maker #Sanrio displays Hello Kitty shaped sweets, marshmallow on the left and caramel apple on the right, produced by U.S. based confectioner Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory at an exhibition of Sanrio's products at their headquarters in Tokyo on Febrauary 3, 2014. Sanrio will celebrate the company's main character Hello Kitty's 40th anniversary this year. #hellokitty, A rural worker selects Arabica coffee beans at a farm near Varginha, Brazil. The price of coffee surged to the highest levels for months on February 4, 2014 because of exceptionally dry weather in Brazil which could crimp harvests in the country, the world's biggest producer and exporter. The price of Arabica quality coffee, accounting for three quarters of Brazilian production, rose to 137.95 cents a pound in New York, the highest level since last May., Former England and Manchester United star, David Beckham poses for photos after holding a press conference at the Perez Art Museum Miami, in Miami, Florida on February 5, 2014. #Beckham said Wednesday that he will buy a U.S. team to play Major League Soccer and bring it to #Miami, confirming the worst-kept secret in world football., Chinese Premier Li Keqiang has signed an enforcement regulation for the country's state secrecy law. Experts say this regulation, which will come into effect on March 1st, helps boost government transparency while protecting state secrets. And the changes include transparency on the environment as pollution is a huge concern in the country., Immense speculation surrounds the 2014 #Sochi Winter Olympics. The Russian government is criticized for spending over $51 billion on the event, has faced terrorist threats and  numerous protests. How concerned are you that controversy might overshadow the Olympics? Voice your opinion below or on Twitter #YourSay and have your comment shown LIVE tonight with CCTV America 7pm EST, Ever seen Venus before? This NASA photo released on February 5, 2014 shows an image taken on February 5, 1974, by NASA's Mariner 10 mission, taking this first close-up photo of Venus. Made using an ultraviolet filter in its imaging system, the photo has been color-enhanced to bring out Venus's cloudy atmosphere as the human eye would see it. #Venus is perpetually blanketed by a thick veil of clouds high in carbon dioxide and its surface temperature approaches 900 degrees Fahrenheit. Launched on November 3, 1973 atop an Atlas-Centaur rocket, Mariner 10 flew by Venus in 1974., LIKE/COMMENT/SHARE to Say Hi! Two-month-old Black Panther cubs look to media during their presentation in a zoo in St. Petersburg, on February 5, 2014., Activists of the banned #Pakistan's charity organisation Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) shout slogans during the Kashmir Solidarity Day rally in Lahore on February 5, 2014. Hundreds of people rallied across Pakistan to denounce Indian rule in #Kashmir, the disputed Muslim-majority Himalayan state divided between divided between #India and Pakistan., King Philippe of Belgium, his wife Queen Mathilde and Foreign Minister Didier Reynders pose for a family picture as they receive heads of Belgian diplomatic missions abroad, part of the Diplomatic Contact Days 2014, at the Royal Palace in Brussels, on February 5, 2014., First Lady Michelle Obama stands with students as they hold up the FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid) during a FAFSA workshop with students as Obama speaks about college affordability at TC Williams High School in Alexandria, Virginia, February 5., An helicopter airlifts a crew member over a Spanish cargo ship ''Luno'' which slammed into a dyke and split in two, injuring at least one sailor and raising concerns of a fuel leak, in Anglet, near the French port of Bayonne, on February 5, 2014. The prefecture for the Pyrenees-Atlantiques region said efforts were underway to recover the sailors by helicopter but the rescue operation was being hampered by winds of up to 110 kilometers per hour (70 miles per hour). Officials said a fuel leak had been detected and an emergency plan known as Polmar had been activated to deal with maritime pollution., Ice forms on the #Niagara River on February 5, 2014 in Niagara Falls, Canada. An additional foot of snow blanketed Western New York overnight in the latest #winter storm system that has affected areas from Kansas to Maine., China's Olympic delegation members pose flanked by Sochi Olympics Polar Bear mascot at the #Olympic Park's Medal Plaza two days prior to the start of the 2014 #Sochi Winter Olympics, on February 5, 2014 in Sochi. The opening ceremony of the Sochi Olympic Winter will take place on February 7, 2014., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has told his French counterpart, a trip to Iran by French Executives was "not helpful" and that it gave the wrong impression that the West could do business with Tehran as usual. What do you think about Iran's status in the international community?, U.N. investigators have released a new report that claims that about 10,000 children were killed in the three-year civil war in Syria., The United Nations has demanded that the Vatican "immediately remove" all clergy who are known or suspected child abusers., CCTV America correspondent Joel Richards reports live on this story from Buenos Aires. Watch tonight at 7pm EST. , #SouthKorean Kim Kwang-il (pictured) completes application forms to reunite with his family members who live in the #DPRK. The divided Koreas agreed on Wednesday to hold the first reunions -- in more than 3 years -- of families separated by war later this month., #CVS Caremark, the nation’s second largest drugstore chain, has announced it will stop selling all tobacco products at its 7,600 branches by Oct. 1. The move would make it the first national pharmacy company to end tobacco sales.
How do you think this will impact the tobacco and pharmacy industries? #smoking #healthcare, At least 25 people were killed and 30 others injured in three bombings that hit the Iraqi capital of Baghdad early Wednesday morning according to city police officials., Time now for #YourSay. Our question today: how optimistic are you about seeing a cure for cancer in your life time? Here are some of the comments we've been seeing on social media., BEFORE and AFTER: What began as a leisurely boat ride turned into almost one and a half years of being stranded in the ocean. Jose Salvador Alvarenga set sail from #Mexico to #ElSalvador in September 2012 and has been floating in the ocean ever since. He was just rescued this February 2014., New #Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella is interviewed on BizAsiaAmerica tonight. What do you think of his experience? How do you think this will effect the future of Microsoft? Voice your opinion below., $100 million will be invested into the popular US department store, #Target for credit card security. Is this too much? Too little? For more details subscribe to our YouTube channel: http://goo.gl/tgGT98 or follow us on Twitter @CCTV_America, Brazil is expecting a surge in TV sales. The electronics industry has two of the world's largest sporting events to thank. Here is the inside view of the Beira Rio stadium in Porto Alegre, Brazil on January 31, 2014. The stadium will host matches during the 2014 #FIFA World Cup Brazil., Earlier this week, the Republic of Korea and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea moved a little closer on plans to reunite family members separated by the Korean War. The DPRK has agreed to hold talks Wednesday. Here is a general view shows the Gangnam area and Han river within the city skyline of Seoul at dusk on February 4, 2014. With a population of some 25 million people, the metropolitan area of #Seoul is one of the largest in the world., Members of the Vancouver Canucks and the Detroit Red Wings who will be representing their native countries in the 2014 Winter #Olympics line up at center ice before an NHL game on February 3, 2014 at Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, Michigan. The Red Wings defeated the Canucks 2-0., Afghan presidential candidates take part in a debate at Tolo TV station in Kabul on February 4, 2014. The five candidates participated in the first televised debate of the election campaign in #Afghanistan, focused on #security and #politics, ahead of the April 5 vote., A man harvests bananas from a flooded plantation in Puerto Yumani, 15 km from Rurrenabaque, northeast #Bolivia. The Bolivian government has declared national emergency due to floodings caused by heavy rains which, up to now, have left more than 40 dead and about 37,000 families affected., Three new cases of human H7N9 infection have been reported in south China's Guangdong Province, the provincial health department confirmed on Tuesday. A four-year-old girl from Zhaoqing City, a 76-year-old man from Yangjiang City and a 52-year-old man from Huizhou City were confirmed to be infected with #H7N9 bird flu on Monday. The two male patients died the same day., Share #yoursay: How optimistic are you about seeing a cure for cancer in your life?
Iranian breast cancer patient Farvah puts on make up in the bathroom in Tehran on October 18, 2013 after her lumpectomy surgery. New cases of cancer will rise by half by 2030, reaching 21.6 million per year compared to 14 million in 2012, the #UN said on February 3, 2014 in a global analysis of the scourge. #WorldCancerDay, Actors perform at the West Kowloon Bamboo Theatre, a 800-seat temporary theater to house a series of Cantonese opera shows, in Hong Kong on February 4, 2014. 
#Cantonese opera, where actors wear elaborate costumes and make-up, and must be adept at elaborately choreographed martial arts as well as singing, was recognized as "intangible cultural heritage" by UN cultural agency #UNESCO in 2009., Technology giant Microsoft has announced that Satya Nadella will be its next chief executive.

Indian-born Mr Nadella is currently Microsoft's head of Cloud and Enterprise, which builds and runs the firm's computing platforms and developer tools. He takes over from Steve Ballmer who announced plans to step down last year.

Company founder Bill Gates said there was "no better person to lead Microsoft"., People release sky lanterns in Xinbei City in Taiwan on Monday. People released 600 sky lanterns at the Pingsi International Sky Lantern Festival to celebrate the Chinese lunar New Year. #SpringFestival, Cooks prepare steamed stuffed buns at a temple fair in Changsha, capital of central China's Hunan Province. To many Chinese people, traditional snacks are part of the #SpringFestival and the taste of hometown. What's you favorite #Chinesefood?, Plant-powered planes: CCTV America's Chris Casquejo has more. #boeing
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETyxWnUEkAY, Sen. Mark Warner (pictured) led a congressional hearing Tuesday looking at new ways to keep personal credit card information safe. Executives from #Target and Neiman Marcus testified about recent security breaches at their stores.
What do you think can be done to protect personal information?, Officials from WHO (World Health Organization) announce warning of a "CANCER TIDAL WAVE." Reports say there will be 24 million cancer cases by 2035. Limiting drinking, smoking and obesity is said to be the key to prevention., SHARE & LIKE this with your friends for #WorldCancerDay  #PurpleYourProfile on #Facebook or #twitter today for #WorldCancerDay  http://www.chevrolet.com/purple-roads-world-cancer-day.html, Happy birthday #Facebook. 10 years old today! When did you join? How often do you post? Or are you mostly a scroll-er? 
To mark its birthday Facebook is creating a "Look Back" personal video for every user containing about 15 most-liked photos, statuses, and life events. Here's what ours looks like.  
READ MORE: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/02/04/10th-anniversary-of-facebook-1-23-billion-monthly-active-users/, 3.5 million new #cancer cases per year in China. 
Three and a half million new cases of cancer are diagnosed every year in China, where 2.5 million people die from the disease. Lung cancer is the deadliest in the country.

World Cancer Day is marked on Feb. 4 to raise awareness of cancer and to encourage its prevention, detection, and treatment. This year, it will focus on Target 5 of the World Cancer Declaration: Reduce stigma and dispel myths about cancer, under the tag-line “Debunk the Myths”.  , Pakistani politician Imran Khan declares he will not be a part of the #TALIBAN peace talks. Spokeswoman Shireen Mazari has said "The core committee of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaaf appreciated [the] Taliban's offer to our chairman Imran Khan to become part of their committee." What are your thoughts on Khan's decision?, The Northern Lights in Sweden or "Aurora Borealis" were particularly stunning this year due to an unusually active sun. Further details can be watched on our YouTube channel. Subscribe to CCTV America: http://goo.gl/tgGT98, The #SuperBowlXLVIII Ad Strategy will be reviewed tonight on CCTV_BizAsiaAmerica with @PhillipTKYin and  @RyanPamplin. It cost an estimated 4 million dollars for a 30 second ad spot. What was your favorite ad? Post your thoughts below., Currency Crisis! Stocks have dropped to 5-month lows. Markets in #Brazil and #Russia are among the hardest hit. This is "considered the worst start since 2009." Will it improve? Voice your opinion below., 75 people killed in the Central Africa Republic. French efforts, along with 4,000 African troops, struggle to contain the violence. 20% of the local population- approx 1 million people are displaced from their homes., Est. minimum of 120bn euros spent on mass corruption throughout the #EU. Reported by EU Home Affairs Commissioner Cecilia Malmström #MalmstromEU, she believes the cost to "probably be much higher", As preparations take place for the #Sochi2014 Winter Olympics, do you think enough is being done to ensure security? Have #YourSay!
#NorthCaucasus #threat, #Broadway theaters will dim their marquee lights this Wednesday as a tribute to the late #PhillipSeymourHoffman. During his illustrious stage and film career, Hoffman earned three Tony Award nominations. 
SHARE your thoughts on the actor's passing:, How does it feel? Tight end Zach Miller #86 and quarterback Russell Wilson #3 of the Seattle Seahawks dump Gatorade on head coach Pete Carroll in the fourth quarter of Super Bowl XLVIII against the Denver Broncos at MetLife Stadium on February 2, 2014 in East Rutherford, New Jersey., Members of the Anima Naturalis organization demonstrate inside coffins during a protest against #bullfighting in front of the "Hemiciclo a Juarez" monument in Mexico City, on February 2, 2014., Thousands of anti-government protesters gather at Kiev's Independence Square on February 2, 2014. #Ukraine's opposition movement against President Viktor Yanukovych got a boost after pledges in the #EU and the United States to offer aid., A young Afghan tea vendor poses as she waits for customers on a hilltop overlooking Kabul on February 3, 2014. Economic development is considered a vital weapon to stop the country from sinking back into civil war and to stem Islamist extremism after 100,000 international combat troops pull out later in 2014., Did you watch the big game last night? Russell Wilson, Seattle Seahawks quarterback, holds the #Lombardi trophy at MetLife stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, on February 2, 2014. The Seahawks defeated the Denver Broncos 43-8. #SuperBowlXLVIII, Fireworks explode over Victoria Harbour in Hong Kong on February 1, 2014 to celebrate the Year of the Horse. Tens of thousands of people lined the harbor to watch a spectacular 23-minute long fireworks display in Hong Kong to mark the new lunar year., Douglas Whyte  of South Africa riding Akeed Mofeed crosses the line first to win the Centenary Vase race on Chinese New Year Race Day at Sha Tin racecourse in Hong Kong on February 2, 2014. The race is an annual event over the lunar new year festival, which drew thousands of spectators on February 2, the third day of Year of the #Horse. #CNY, Janet #Yellen was sworn in as Federal Reserve Board Chair on Monday, becoming the first woman to lead the Federal Reserve in its 100-year history.
SHARE your thoughts on this:, A #Moscow high-school student fatally shot a teacher and police officer, and held more than 20 students hostage in a classroom Monday, before being disarmed and detained by police., What did you think of the Superbowl halftime show with #BrunoMars and #RedHotChiliPeppers? Was this year's performance star-studded enough for you? Did you enjoy Bruno's drum solo? Let us know your opinion below., Council of the Americas VP Eric Farnsworth LIVE on
#ElSalvador presidential elections. What lies ahead for the nation?, @IamSusanRoberts on #ElectionTH with Cornell University University Professor/expert on comparative politics. Tonight 7:15pmEST, Sadly, U.S. #Oscar-winning actor Philip Seymour Hoffman was found dead in his New York apartment of a suspected #drug overdose, law enforcement officials said. He was 46. The actor was found on the bathroom floor with a #syringe in his arm, wearing shorts and a T-shirt, an officer added. #heroin #hoffman, Fans across #America tonight are gearing up for the Superbowl XLVIII. Denver Broncos vs Seattle Seahawks Who will win?! Post your thoughts below., Presidential Election in El Salvador! Two main candidates are Norman #Quijano of the conservative Arena alliance and Salvador Sanchez #Ceren, the current VP from the left-wing #FMLN party. Both candidates are head-to-head, however, officials say the results will truly depend on the independent third-party candidate's popularity. Who will win?, Corruption plaguing #Sochi2014? $51 billion reported spent on stadiums and infrastructure. More on CCTV_TheHeat 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYtzVzMATHk, Heavily disputed Thailand general election was interrupted today by protests. Approximately 6 million registered voters were affected. Watch CCTV_America tonight 7pmEST for more details. #Thailand #ElectionTH, CCTV's Michael Voss sat down for an exclusive interview with President of Uruguay, Jose Mujica following the CELAC summit in Havana. The President explains why he supported the groundbreaking decision of legalizing #marijuana.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHua3AWfzrE


, Final preparations are underway in Costa Rica where voters are set to choose a new president. CCTV's Nitza Soledad Perez takes a look at how Costa Rica is preparing for the next presidential elections. #CostaRica

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaJJWkhGd6w, How is  SAP helping bring fans closer to the upcoming #Superbowl game? Watch what Chief Marketing Officer of SAP, Jonathan Becher had to say: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUw8U6lp-hU, Violence erupted in Bangkok on February 1, the eve of tense Thai elections, with explosions and heavy gunfire breaking out in clashes between pro- and anti-government protesters, A security scare ahead of the #SuperBowlXLVIII. Investigators gave the all-clear Friday, after finding suspicious white powder at several hotels in New Jersey. The quick response to the white powder marks the high-level of security surrounding the high profile sporting event., Final preparations are underway in #CostaRica and #ElSalvador, where voters are set to choose a president this weekend. The elections kick off what will be a busy election year in Latin America. Presidential votes are planned in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Panama and Uruguay. There's also a legislative election here in the United States in November. That means key decisions will be made in countries that represent about 60 percent of the population in the Western Hemisphere., Protests in Indian-controlled Kashmir turned violent on Friday when demonstrators clashed with the police. Large parts of the capital were closed.Residents are angry over a court decision exonerating five army officers accused of killing civiilans fourteen years ago. For more watch us online here: http://english.cntv.cn/live/, The State Department released a report on Friday that could pave the way toward President Obama’s approval of the Keystone XL oil pipeline. Do you think #Keystone oil #pipeline in North America will help or hurt the environment? Give us #YourSay!, Say hi to the first Year of the Horse baby girl in Beijing! People born in the Year of the Horse, which starts today, are said to be energetic, intelligent, and physically strong. Good at communicating with others, people born these years (1978 / 1990 / 2002 / 2014) are said to be competent yet sometimes stubborn. For babies born the year of the horse, some of the lucky names suggested by experts include:
For girls: Anan, Bihan, Jinwen, Huichen, Xiaofeng
And for boys: Jiaxuan, Louzhen, Dunan, Jiangzhen, Yanshan
#CNY2014, At least 1,900 people have been killed in Syria since the peace talks opened in Switzerland more than a week ago. What do you think is the solution to solve this problem?, Performers display a dragon dance during a Chinese New Year parade in Hong Kong on January 31, 2014. Chinese communities across Asia have come together to usher in the Year of the Horse., WATCH Chinese President Xi Jinping's #LunarNewYear Greetings:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cxz_GOTlzdY, The first round of #Syria peace talks in Geneva concluded on Friday. Progress has been made between the Syrian government and opposition, but the gaps "remain wide, " according to U.N. Special Representative Lakhdar Brahimi.
Tell us #YourSay! What can be done to jump-start the Syrian peace talks?, Negotiations between protesters and the government in #Ukraine have stalled. U.S. Secretary of State John #Kerry addressed the situation on Friday, saying concessions made by President Viktor Yanukovych did not go far enough.
What do you think?, People around the world are marking the start of Chinese New Year. A woman (pictured) kneels to pray in front of a golden #Buddha statue at the International Buddhist Temple in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada. 
How will you start the Year of the Horse? #ChineseNewYear, Mark Burger of Blackhawk Propane delivers 100 gallons of propane to a rural home on January 24, 2014 near Clinton, Wisconsin. A shortage of propane in the Midwest has caused prices to surge upwards to near $5 a gallon in some markets. The shortage is attributed to an unusually cold winter, increased exports, and a cold wet fall which forced many farmers use propane to fuel dryers for their crops., President Xi Jinping has extended Lunar New Year greetings to Chinese people at home and abroad ahead of the traditional Spring Festival, which falls on Friday. 

Xi sent greetings to Chinese of all ethnic groups, both in China and overseas, and compatriots from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan while extending his wishes to local herdsmen in Xilingol League in north China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. "I wish good health, happiness for you and your families and may all go well with you," Xi said.

Xi said that he hopes the Chinese will continue to work hard and strive for prosperity and a better life., Chinese dancers perform a traditional Spring Festival ceremony to celebrate China's Lunar New Year, at Ditan Park in Beijing on January 30, 2014. According to the Chinese lunar calendar, China welcomes the year of the horse on January 31. The horse, ranked seventh among the 12 animals on the Chinese zodiac, is one of the most beloved signs as it is widely considered a symbol of strength and speed., Fireworks illuminate the skyline to celebrate Chinese Lunar New Year of Horse and cause severe air pollution on January 30, 2014 in Beijing, China. The Chinese Lunar New Year of Horse also known as the Spring Festival, which is based on the Lunisolar Chinese calendar, is celebrated from the first day of the first month of the lunar year and ends with Lantern Festival on the Fifteenth day., Madame Tussauds, the London waxwork museum, inaugurated a wax version of Kung Fu stars Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan. Both statues were unveiled in the middle of Chinatown in London to celebrate Chinese New Year on February 2., The London Eye is lit in red and gold to celebrate the Chinese New Year in London on January 30, 2014. The Lunar New Year Year of the Horse falls on January 31 and marks the beginning of the Spring Festival holiday., Are you Chinese Kongfu fans? Jackie Chan and Bruce Lee wax figures are displayed in the heart of London's Chinatown on January 29, 2014, ahead of Chinese new year celebrations. Don't they look real?, The number of nuclear missile launch officers under investigation for allegations of cheating has ballooned to 92, the Air Force said Thursday. Share us #yoursay: What do you think about the security of nuclear weapons?, Indian Bohra Muslims take part in a gathering to endorse their solidarity to their new spiritual leader Syedna Mufaddal Saifuddin in Mumbai on January 30, 2014. Syedna Mufaddal Saifuddin now leads the community following the death of Syedna Mohammed Burhanuddin, who passed away in Mumbai on January 17 at the age of 102., White lion cubs eat at Guadalajara Zoo, in Guadalajara city, Mexico on January 30, 2014. The two lions were born 90 days ago and will be transfered to new zoos., The #CELAC 2014 summit has concluded. CCTV America anchor Anand Naidoo asks Laura Carlsen, Latin America analyst, if progress has been made in the region.
WATCH the interview: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wT3TU9IK1Z8, Now that Barack Obama has given the State of the Union address, what changes should we expect? CCTV America anchor Anand Naidoo asks American University Professor Alan Lichtman for his take.
Watch the interview here:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkNBMLYoYwQ, Happy Chinese New Year!  How are you planning to celebrate the Year of the Horse?, Thai government officials pleaded to be allowed to resume work on Thursday. Because of anti-government demonstrators blocking offices, tens of thousands of passport applications are pending, bankruptcy applications have not been addressed, and the workload keeps piling up, officials say. 
What do you make of the political divide in #Thailand?     #Shinawatra, The Chinese tradition of giving gifts of red envelopes stuffed with cash went virtual and viral ahead of lunar new year as China's Internet moguls court the booming Internet finance market. Since last Sunday, #WeChat, Internet giant #Tencent's flagship mobile messaging application, has allowed its 600 million users worldwide to send and receive virtual red envelopes via a new add-on service.
Red envelope givers can randomly allocate amounts of money in virtual red envelopes for chatroom users to grab. The lucky money, ranging from a few cents to 200 yuan (33 U.S. dollars), is later credited to the recipient's bank account., Facebook delivered quarterly earnings and revenue that surpassed analysts' expectations. After the earnings announcement, the company's shares rose as much as 9% in after-hours trading. Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg talked during a session at the World Economic Forum in Davos on January 25, 2014., The Federal Reserve's tapering of its bond buying program rippled through Wall Street. Disappointing U.S. corporate earnings from Boeing and AT&T helped push stocks lower. China's slowing growth and capital flight from developing markets taking its toll on the index. Ahead of the Fed's action on stimulus, emerging markets had already been in a tailspin. A series of rate hikes aimed at calming currencies markets have failed to restore order., In China, people are getting ready to ring in the lunar new year.
A big new year's eve feast is the highlight of almost every family's holiday celebration. Fish is a staple on the menu as it represents abundance. Dumplings and buns embellished with Chinese dates and flowers are popular for expressing wishes for good fortune and happiness. Spring couplets are poems written on red paper and feature wishes for an auspicious new year. In South China's Guangzhou city, tens of thousands of people are taking part in the Spring Festival flower markets., Leaders from across Latin America and the Caribbean are wrapping up their visit to Cuba for the 2014 CELAC Summit. A joint resolution came on the final day declaring the region a "zone of peace"., Philippine soldiers were firing 105mm howitzer canons towards the position of Muslim renegade factions rebels during a clash near Rajah Buayan, Maguindanao province, in the southern island of Minadanao. Philippine President Benigno Aquino vowed January 29, 2014 to crush militants opposed to an imminent deal aimed at ending a decades-long Muslim separatist insurgency, as the death toll from a military assault on them rose to 38., Japanese police display a total of 450 pairs of high-heeled shoes at a police office in Tokyo on January 29, 2014. A man arrested for stealing high-heel shoes from a Tokyo hostess club was found to have a total of 450 purloined pairs when his room was searched, Japanese police said on January 29., Palestinian couples are pictured on January 28, 2014, during a mass wedding ceremony attended by Palestinian Authority President Mahmud Abbas in the West bank city of Jericho. Nearly 300 Palestinians were married in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip Tuesday in a mass wedding funded by the Western-backed Palestinian Authority., Riot policemen stand next to a fire as they face activists of the opposition in Kiev on January 28, 2014. Parliament has passed a bill that offers amnesty to protesters who were arrested during the last 2 months of anti-government demonstrations.
But the offer only stands if protesters vacate most of the buildings they currently occupy., Marine One with U.S. President Barack Obama on board prepares to land on the snow covered South Lawn at the White House in Wasington, DC, on January 29, 2014. Obama vowed to reverse a tide of economic inequality threatening the American dream Tuesday, seeking to outflank Republicans and revive a second term blighted by self-inflicted wounds and partisan warfare. In his annual State of the Union address, Obama promised to wield his executive powers in a "year of action" to lift up workers, improve education and clean the environment if his foes in Congress balk at more sweeping action., #Walmart said it will tighten inspections on its suppliers in China after it was forced to recall donkey meat products that had been found to contain fox. The U.S. company and world's largest retailer said it would also change its rules in China to ensure that meat shipments are properly documented before they hit the shelves., Will he be deported? Justin Bieber could be asked by White House to leave U.S. after over 100,000 people demand singer return to Canada. After topping more than 100,000 signatures on "We the People," the White House is now obligated to respond to a petition to "Deport Justin Bieber and revoke his green card.", Looking for classic American cars? You'll find them on the streets of Havana, Cuba. Join Nathan King for a ride showing the city from a classic convertible. VIDEO: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwHSMV2GlIo, China is preparing to welcome the Lunar New Year of the Horse which falls on January 31 this year.  What is your favorite Chinese New Year tradition?  Red envelopes, fireworks, Spring Festival Gala, or something else?  We want to hear #YourSay., Drivers and passengers currently stranded on a highway in the southern US. Atlanta, one of the busiest cities in the U.S. has been seriously affected. #winterstorm #south #Atlanta, Oprah Winfrey turns 60 today. Wish her a Happy Birthday with us. SHARE AND LIKE!, SHARE this pretty cool map. Chinese New Year, the country's largest national holiday, is a time when people travel to be with friends and family for the celebration. Baidu has a heat map that shows where Chinese travelers are going and the most popular routes.   http://qianxi.baidu.com/, Tell us what you think about his #SOTU speech. U.S. President Barack Obama delivers the State of the Union address to a joint session of Congress in the House Chamber at the U.S. Capitol on January 28, 2014 in Washington, DC. In his State of the Union address, Obama is expected to emphasize on healthcare, economic fairness and new initiatives designed to stimulate the U.S. economy with bipartisan cooperation. Live: #SOTU http://english.cntv.cn/live/p2p/index.shtml, Let's pray for #Yutu together. Tens of thousands of Chinese netizens have sent blessings to lunar rover #Yutu (Jade Rabbit) after it experienced major trouble. China's Xinhua news wrote the report in the voice of the rover itself: "Although I should've gone to bed this morning, my masters discovered something abnormal with my mechanical control system. My masters are staying up all night working for a solution. I heard their eyes are looking more like my red rabbit eyes. Nevertheless, I'm aware that I might not survive this lunar night." 
If a mechanical problem keeps it from hibernating properly  to preserve its delicate electronics from the cold, then the Rabbit could freeze to death.
"Goodnight, Earth," it said. "Goodnight, humanity.", U.S. Vice President Joe Biden and Speaker of the House U.S. Rep. John Boehner (R-OH) stand together before U.S. President Barack Obama delivers the State of the Union address to a joint session of Congress in the House Chamber at the U.S. Capitol on January 28, 2014 in Washington, DC. #SOTU, U.S. Labor Secretary Thomas Perez greets workers with Alicia's Tamales Los Mayas while visiting La Cocina, a facility in San Francisco, California, where low income food entrepreneurs can formalize and grow their businesses with the use of affordable commercial kitchen space, technical assistance and access to market opportunities., Argentina has eased restrictions on buying foreign currency for the first time in 3 years. They were meant to stabilize the exchange rate between the Argentine peso and the U.S. dollar. But as Joel Richards reports, the government's been forced to loosen its grip after the peso weakened significantly. Cuban President Raul Castro received Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner and Argentine Foreign Minister Hector Timerman during the opening ceremony of the II Summit of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean states (CELAC), on January 28, 2014 in Havana., Do you have a cat or dog as pet? Here is a view of animal welfare organisation #Gaia's 'Cat brothel' art projection on the wall of a building in Brussels, on January 28, 2014. The symbolic action aims to draw attention to the neutering of cats and the dangers of cat overpopulation., U.S. actress Mia Farrow shows her left hand soiled with oil during a visit to an Amazonic area affected by pollution created by US oil company #Chevron, in Lago Agrio, Aguarico, Ecuador, on January 28, 2014., Cuban President Raul Castro called on Latin American and Caribbean leaders to work together at a gathering of all Western Hemisphere nations except the U.S. and Canada. He gave the keynote speech at the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States #CELAC., U.S. Democratic Senator Max Baucus took several tough questions on China at a confirmation hearing Tuesday. He promised his colleagues before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that he would build a stronger economic relationship between both the U.S. and China if he becomes the next ambassador., Chinese social network Baidu, often referred to as "China's Google", which is updated hourly, on January 28, 2014 shows an interactive map made by logging where data requests were made to its maps service and other apps that use its location technologies, with the thicker and brighter lines illustrating the busiest routes. The chart, tracking the mobile phone data of travellers using Baidu's map service, is a visual representation of the world's largest annual human migration. Hundreds of millions of migrant workers are returning home to their towns and villages before the Lunar New Year, which begins on January 31, 2014, in what is for many their only chance to see their families all year., A couple walk beneath a display of lanterns for the Lunar New Year as China prepares for the Year of the Horse in Beijing on January 28, 2014. China is preparing to welcome the Lunar New Year of the Horse which falls on January 31 and will see about 3.62 billion trips made by Chinese travelers during the 40-day Spring Festival travel period., What do you think he is about to say tonight? 
U.S. President Barack Obama will deliver the annual State of the Union address on Tuesday at a time when the passage of any major legislation is unlikely. Obama's job approval has dropped sharply on the botched rollout of his signature healthcare overhaul legislation, or #Obamacare, and the U.S. labor participation rate is at a decades-long low nearly five years into the recovery from the worst recession in decades., President #Obama will announce a host of proposals to reshape America in his 6th annual State of the Union address tonight. Tell us what you think of the state of the #American #union. #yoursay #SOTU, The future of #Syria is still up in the air. CCTV America correspondent Richard Bestic reports on the peace talks in #Geneva:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXuNwHQhIFA
 , In the #Philippines, the government has instituted a new gun control law. But does it go far enough? CCTV America correspondent Barnaby Lo has more:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6oppKLXOnA  , Across the southern U.S. on Tuesday, residents prepared for something that's almost unheard of in the region: the COLD. Even the Galapagos tortoises (pictured) at Texas' @TheAustinZoo camped out by a heater.
What do you make of this atypical weather?  #PolarVortex, William Strazzullo, Partner & Chief Market Strategist for Bell Curve Trading, forecasts the world market with Biz Asia America LIVE NOW! Asian stock markets tumbled with possibility of decreasing growth in China and reduction in U.S. central bank stimulus. Japan's Nikkei 225 sank 2.6%. What's in stock for the global market?, CCTV interviews President and Editor-in-chief of the Latin American Herald Tribune, #RussDallen on CELAC Cuba now! pic.twitter.com/leBD06OiOR , "NI HAO, YA'LL!’"  The Ellen DeGeneres Show becomes the first US talk show to debut in #China, with potential for 1.4 BILLION new viewers. Watch Ellen DeGeneres practice her Chinese with her new audience., U.S. Congressman Trey Radel from #Florida has resigned due to cocaine possession. Florida Governor Rick Scott will schedule a special election for his replacement., At Syrian peace talks in Geneva, world leaders are stumped. Should aid convoys be allowed in besieged area of Homs? What should the future role of President Bashar al-Assad's be?  How will the latest setbacks affect the Syrian peace talks? Share your comment below and be featured on the show with tonight's #YourSay segment!, Following the violent protests in Kiev, the Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has agreed to get rid of harsh anti-protest legislation., Maryland mall in the United States where a teenager killed 2 people and committed suicide has been reopened to shoppers., A territorial dispute between #Chile and #Peru ended Monday with the Hague Tribunal awarding Peru a triangle of Pacific Ocean territory covering thousands of square miles rich in fishing and other natural resources. Men fancy dressed as Pacific War heroes from Peru, Miguel Grau (L) and Chile, Bernardo O'Higgins (R) rally to watch on a large screen the reading of the ruling on the maritime dispute in front of the government palace in Lima on January 27, 2014., In case you missed it: some photos from Sunday's 56th Annual #Grammy Awards. 
Did any of your favorites win?
And what did you think of Katy Perry's fiery outfit?
SHARE your comments below., Tents set up for the participants in the Campus Party Brazil, a technological event that reaches its 7th edition, in Anhembi, northern zone of Sao Paulo, Brazil, on January 27, 2014. About 160,000 visitors are expected to attend the event that runs from January 27 to February 2. Recognized as the biggest electronic entertainment event online in the world, Campus Party unites the brightest young minds in technology and science under the idea that the “Internet is not a network of computers, it’s a network of people.”, Egyptian army chief Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi moved a step closer to a presidential run on Monday, securing the backing of the military. His candidacy, though, is likely to anger the country's Islamists (el-Sissi led the coup ousting #Egypt's Islamist president)., What do you think about this? According to the study published in Pediatrics Monday, injuries from firearms send over 7,000 kids to the hospital annually, an average of 20 per day. Among those admitted to the hospital, 6% die from their injuries. In this picture, gun rights supporters march across the Memorial Bridge from Arlington, Virginia, into Washington, DC, carrying toy guns during an event they called 'Armed Toy Gun March on DC', in protest against governmental attempts to limit gun rights and to promote responsible gun ownership in Washington, DC, 03 July 2013., Americas Now, CCTV America's weekly news magazine program, takes an in-depth look at the #obesity epidemic in #Mexico. 
See more: http://bit.ly/M5k4Op, Li Na of China poses with the trophy following her victory over Dominika Cibulkova of Slovakia in the women's singles final of the 2014 Australian Open tennis tournament., China's top legislator, Zhang Dejiang, and French counterpart, Claude Bartolone, on Monday pledged to elevate bilateral ties, during celebrations of the 50th anniversary of diplomatic relations. Zhang described the establishment of diplomatic relations with #France 50 years ago as a "historic event.", Have you ever heard of #WeChat? The fast-growing smartphone messaging application from China is now trying to expand in the U.S. market with a newly launched promotional campaign and pairing up with #Google. Which app is your favorite to send messages now?, Are you a cycling fan? Basile Pottier and Simon Poniard bid farewell to French Youth and Sports Minister Valerie Fourneyron and China's ambassador to France Zhai Jun before they start to cycle from Paris to Beijing to mark the 50th anniversary of the start of Franco-Chinese diplomatic relations on January 27, 2014. The pair will travel through 10 countries along the legendary Silk Road, covering a distance of some 12,500 km., SHARE your comments.  NHK chairman Katsuto Momii is being criticized for his remarks that the use of women as military prostitutes was common worldwide during World War II. The military brothel system was "common in any country at war," Momii said Saturday. "The comfort women system is considered wrong under today's moral values. But the military comfort women system existed as a reality at that time."  Momii has since retracted his comments saying the remarks are "extremely inappropriate," according to local media.  Should Momii lose his job over his remarks?, Consuming  40 bowls of noodles in an eating contest is hard enough. But did they have to add the worms too?  Pan Yizhong is also called China's big stomach king. This was the latest record he achieved at the kung fu school in Liuyang in Central China's Hunan province. VIDEO: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ty1qTWwswZM, Syrian refugees lost somewhere in Jordan. CCTV's Roee Ruttenberg has more:, Brazilian police have detained 128 people in #SãoPaulo, following demonstrations against the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil. #Brazil #FIFA, South Korea's state news agency reported on Sunday that the entire family of Kim Jong-un's uncle, Jang Song Thaek, was executed less than a month ago in #NorthKorea. This included Jang's sister and her husband, the Ambassador to Cuba -- and even the grandchildren of Jang's two brothers., Brain-dead pregnant woman in Texas, Marlise Munoz, was put to rest and taken off her ventilator at 11:30AM. It has been a long and hard struggle in the court calculating exactly how many lives were at stake, due to the presence of the fetus. Attorneys have concluded the fetus as "distinctly abnormal" and not viable. Do you agree with the decision made?, #Ukraine's opposition called off a major rally on Sunday to hold the funeral for one of the three protesters killed in police clashes last week. Police contend that two of the demonstrators were killed with hunting rifles -- weapons the police do not carry -- but have not said how the third protester died. #opposition #Yanukovych, HAPPENING NOW: CELAC Summit preparations are underway.      Our correspondents in La Havana are covering all details as Presidents arrive.  Watch us online here: http://english.cntv.cn/live/ #CELAC2014, Did you miss CCTV America interview with Arianna Huffington? Take a look at what she had to say about Social Media. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xs92_XFv-7g , Shoppers are evacuated after a fatal shooting at Columbia Mall on January 25, 2014, in Columbia, Maryland in which three people were killed. #Columbiamall #Mallshooting, Breaking News: At least three people were killed at mall shooting in Columbia, Maryland. Police are currently clearing people out of the mall, which police believe is now secure. The mall, located about 45 minutes outside of Washington, DC, is on "lockdown"., Seven months after considering retirement, Li Na of China won the Australian Open tennis championship, defeating Dominika Cibulkova of Slovakia 7-6 (3), 6-0. It was her 3rd finals appearance. LIKE AND SHARE to congratulate her!  She first thanked her agent, Max, "for making me rich," her coach Carlos Rodriguez and then her husband, former coach and constant traveling companion, Shan Jiang. She told him he was "even famous in China.", A new estimate from a Chinese government agency says there will soon be at least 30 million unmarried men in the country by 2020. Do you believe it? 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdmoWGEV5_k, At the 2014 World Economic Forum, CCTV's Shraysi Tandon speaks to World Bank President Jim Yong Kim about the economic outlook of China and the other BRIC nations. Take a look! #Davos

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpxGfmsyHMY, Firefighters searched the ashes of a Quebec retirement home that burned to the ground on a bleak midwinter night, leaving more than 30 residents feared dead. Officials said the remains of three victims had been recovered and some 30 more were unaccounted for, while the local fire chief said rescuers were now searching for bodies.  More details tonight at 7:00PM EST!, Despite the fact that a new constitution was approved, violence between the Muslim Brotherhood and the government still reigns in Egypt. What's #YourSay on the future of #Egypt? Share your comment below and we might air it on tonight's show. #Constitution #Egypt, Chinese Spring Festival (Lunar New Year) Celebration is the most important celebration of the year for Chinese. Many foreigners now go to temples to celebrate Chinese New Year. Chinese people traditionally light firecrackers and fireworks during the Lunar New Year, which falls on Jan. 31 this year, hoping the noise will fend off evil spirits and bad luck., Are you a fan of #Apple products and Steve Jobs? Thirty years ago, Mac put the creative power of technology in everyone's hands, launching a generation of innovators who continue to change the world. Look around. Many of the gadgets you see drew inspiration from the original Mac computer, which debuted 30 years ago Friday., The Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) on Friday repeated its call for South Korea's "positive response" to its "important proposals" on improving inter-Korean relations. In response, South Korea's Defense Ministry urged #DPRK to prove its sincerity with real action, not words., The Gateway of India monument is seen illuminated as a part of a new state tourism initiative ahead of Republic Day celebrations in Mumbai on January 24, 2014. India will celebrate its 65th Republic Day on January 26., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry delivers a speech at the World Economic Forum in #Davos on January 24, 2014. Kerry hit back at criticism that the United States was retreating from the Middle East and the rest of the world., This Week on Americas Now: Obesity in Mexico
CCTV America's weekly news magazine explores one of the biggest health concerns that #Mexico has ever faced.

Wach Sunday at 7:30pm EST!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FVIX8WpRzo, How often do you read the ingredient labels when shopping? The Food and Drug Administration is looking at making the labels easier to read so you can understand what is actually in the food you eat. The number of calories,the amount of added sugar,and clarity on how serving sizes are defined are some of the suggestions. What would you find more helpful on labels?   MORE: http://bigstory.ap.org/article/fda-revise-nutrition-facts-label, CCTV America interviews Israel's President at #Davos 2014:
Correspondent Shraysi Tandon asks Shimon Peres what’s next for the economy in #Israel and the Middle East. #Iran  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUvWWxWelWU
, 4th Explosion in #Egypt:
A string of bombings hit police around Cairo on Friday, killing at least 6 people, State TV reports. #Morsi, China's Li Na (#李娜) is preparing for the women's singles final of the 2014 Australian Open tennis tournament. Li Na is regarded as the hottest property in tennis, not just because of her ability, but because she has opened the door to the sport's future. In becoming Asia's first Grand Slam champion at the 2011 French Open, the wise-cracking Chinese star brought tennis to a huge potential new audience including 1.3 billion of her compatriots and a region encompassing two-thirds of humanity., Silver medalists Tarah Kayne and Daniel O Shea of U.S., gold medalists Wenjing Sui and Cong Han of #China, bronze medalists Alexa Scimeca and Chris Knierim of U.S. pose for photographs during the awards ceremony in the pairs free skating event during the International #Skating Union (ISU) Four Continents Figure Skating Championships in Taipei on January 24, 2014., Chinese martial arts performers from China's Poly Kungfu Star Performing Group stage the final show "#Kungfu Revelations 9 Scrolls" in Beijing. The show's nine acts portray the nine virtues of cleanliness, diligence, discipline, stability, respect for the realm, wisdom, tolerance, flexibility and self-esteem, which are all expected of any self-respecting monk, directed by #China's leading choreographer Liu Zhen, is a combination of #martial #arts and #dance., Iran's President Hassan Rouhani addresses World Economic Forum in #Davos: We are committed to constructive engagement with the world. Iran was willing to establish peaceful and normal relations with all countries it "has officially recognized.", If you are the One! A new estimate from a Chinese government agency says there will soon be at least 30 million unmarried men in the country by 2020. Experts say it highlights generations of bias for male children. Some prospective #parents have used #embryo testing and abortion to ensure their baby will be a #boy., President of #Israel Shimon #Peres tells CCTV America's #Davos Team Shraysi Tandon that U.S. should not lift sanctions from #Iran. @CCTV_America #WEF14 #Rouhani, U.S. President Barack Obama greets attendees as he arrives for a reception for U.S. mayors in the East Room of the White House on January 23, 2014 in Washington, DC., Polar bears Freedom and Viktor cuddle each other in the water at the Ouwehands Zoo in Rhenen on January 23, 2014. The two bears were reunited after three years. They lived separate, Freedom together with her cubs and Viktor alone to prevent him of hurting the little ones., Animal keeper Sven Zeidler holds the paw of anteater "Stella" carrying her baby on her back on January 23, 2014 at the zoo in Halle, eastern Germany. The baby anteater, that was born on November 6, 2013, was named "Eusebio", after the Portuguese football legend Eusebio, who died on January 5, 2014., A U.S. Army honor guard buglar plays Taps during a full honors funeral service for U.S. Army Sgt. Peter Bohler, at Arlington Cemetery, on January 23, 2014 in Arlington, Va. Sgt. Bohler of Willow Spring, NC, was killed on December 13, 2013 in Afghanistan, of injuries sustained in a helicopter crash., China's Li Na advanced into her third Australian Open final here on Thursday and will play against Dominika Cibulkova, the first Slovakian women to reach a Grand Slam final. Li made it to the finals at Melbourne Park in 2011 and 2013, losing to Kim Clijsters and Victoria Azarenka respectively., Chinese nurse Yingwei Yang gives something to drink to 87-years-old Helmut Albers in an old people's home in Frankfurt am Main, western Germany, on January 23, 2014. A pilot project seeks to attract Chinese nurses to Germany to make up for a staff shortage that is expected to worsen in coming years. Five young women from #China have been working at a residential care home for the elderly in Frankfurt since the beginning of January as part of a wider program aiming to bring as many as 150 trained Chinese #nurses to #Germany by the end of this year., Give us #YourSay! 
South Sudan's government and rebels signed a cease-fire deal on Thursday. The peace deal represents a breakthrough in the conflict that began on Dec. 15. But there is still uncertainty about whether all fighters in South #Sudan will abide by the agreement.
What do you think about the ceasefire in South Sudan?, The National Security Agency's long-running program to collect billions of Americans' phone records was deemed ILLEGAL on Thursday by the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board (PCLOB). Contrary to a speech by President #Obama last Friday, the federal privacy board recommended the program be suspended.
How do you feel about the #NSA's controversial surveillance program?, MORE from the 2014 #Davos World Economic Forum:
CCTV America anchor @PhillipTKYin asks @Bombardier CEO Pierre Beudoin about the future of manufacturing.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOY_sJzdkyE , WATCH CCTV America at the 2014 #Davos World Economic Forum:
BizAsiaAmerica anchor @PhillipTKYin sits down with Arianna Huffington to discuss her new initiative: Plan B
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ATIIAH_9k0, Singer Justin Bieber was arrested in Florida on Thursday. Police say he drag raced on a Miami Beach street and failed a sobriety test.
What do you think about the singers' latest antics? #Celebrity #Craziness, China suffered massive internet failures on Tuesday. Experts say the outage may have been caused by #hackers outside #China. The networking problem, which only lasted a few hours, affected at least two-thirds of the country's websites. The National Computer Network Emergency Response Team is continuing to track the source of the attacks. Access to the #internet is back to normal., Ever seen this toilet setting before? Check out these two toilets at the cross-country skiing and biathlon center for next month's Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia. Although two toilets and only one stall like this are not common in Russia, social media users have responded by posting other pictures of toilets standing side by side. One said this was standard at Russian soccer stadiums., Protesters clash with police in the center of Kiev on January 22, 2014. Ukrainian police on Wednesday stormed protesters' barricades in Kiev amid violent clashes that left five activists dead, the first fatalities in two months of anti-government protests. Pitched battles raged in the center of the Ukrainian capital as protesters hurled stones and Molotov cocktails at police and the security forces responded with tear gas, stun grenades and rubber bullets., You use Netflix? Business is good for the Internet video service. It added 2.3 million U.S. subscribers and 4th quarter earnings soared. The results exceeded estimates. Netflix stock is up 17% to #391.61. Has streaming video changed the way you watch TV? How much?, Are you pro-life or pro-choice? Pro-choice activists hold signs as marchers of the annual March for Life arrive in front of the U.S. Supreme Court January 22, 2014 on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC. Pro-life activists from all around the country gathered in Washington for the event to protest the Roe v. Wade Supreme Court decision in 1973 that helped to legalize #abortion in the United States., Are you pro-life or pro-choice? Thousands of anti-abortion demonstrators hold a rally on the National Mall before walking to the US Supreme Court during the 41st annual March of Life in Washington, DC, January 22, 2014. Held around the anniversary of the Supreme Court's Roe v. Wade decision, the march draws thousands from around the country for a rally on the National Mall before marching up Capitol Hill to the US Supreme Court. #abortion, Wenjing Sui and Cong Han of China perform their routine in the ice dance short program during the International Skating Union (ISU) Four Continents Figure Skating Championships in Taipei on January 22, 2014., US Navy's #Pacific Fleet commander Admiral Harry Harris speaks to journalists during his visit to USS Spruance (DDG 111), Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer which docked in Sembawang wharves in Singapore on January 22, 2014. Admiral Harris, the US Navy's most senior officer in the Pacific region, identified #DPRK as its "number one security concern"., China's Vice President Li Yuanchao talks with US Deputy Secretary of State William Burns during a meeting at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on January 22, 2014. Noting that this year marks the 35th anniversary of the establishment of China-U.S. diplomatic relations, Li called on the two countries to implement the important consensus of their presidents and stick to the direction of building new-model relations between major powers., Are you born in the Year of the Horse in Chinese Zodiac? Check these dates out. 
02/11/1918-01/31/1919
01/30/1930-02/16/1931
02/15/1942-02/04/1943
02/03/1954-01/23/1955
01/21/1966-02/08/1967
02/07/1978-01/27/1979
01/27/1990-02/14/1991
02/12/2002-01/31/2003
01/31/2014-02/18/2015
A woman uses a mobile phone next to horse soft toys during an event for the release of the annual CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets "Feng Shui" index of the upcoming Chinese New Year of the horse, in Hong Kong on January 22, 2014. The report is based on the signs of the Chinese #zodiac and features lighthearted predictions for financial markets, property and celebrities. #fengshui, #YourSay  What are the prospects of the ongoing Syria peace talks? The three-year civil war has claimed more than 130,000 lives.  Comment with #YourSay. We may use your comment on-air.

This photo is of a Syrian man inspecting the damage following shelling by pro-regime forces in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo on January 22, 2014. Fighting raged across much of Syria as regime and opposition delegates attended the international peace conference., The World Economic Forum is all about economics. But it's not cheap. Shraysi Tandon breaks down the costs in this story. Average cost per person $40,000. World Economic Forum  #wef2014, At least two activists were shot dead today as Ukrainian police stormed protesters' barricades in Kiev, the first fatalities in two months of anti-government protests. Pitched battles raged in the centre of the Ukrainian capital as protesters hurled stones at police and the security forces responded with tear gas and rubber bullets.  #Ukraine, The Bill and Melinda Gates foundation has released its annual letter. It sets the tone for the Microsoft founder's philanthropic agenda for the upcoming year. So what is Bill's vision for 2014? CCTV America's Mike Walter had the chance to talk to Bill Gates in New York. Watch: http://bit.ly/LDuyEH, CCTV America's @mikewaltercctv sat down with @BillGates today to discuss his annual letter. More at 7. pic.twitter.com/OQ6xz4L2lz, Chairperson and co-founder of the Schwab Foundation Hilde Schwab holds to U.S. actor and co-founder of Water.org, Matt Damon, a World Economic Forum's Crystal Award during a ceremony on the eve of the opening of the forum in Davos on January 21, 2014. Some 40 world leaders gather in the Swiss ski resort #Davos to discuss and debate a wide range of issues including the causes of conflicts plaguing the Middle East and how to reinvigorate the global economy., What do you think about this? SHARE if you think this needs to stop. A pod of #dolphins trapped by Japanese fishermen have been killed in what has become an increasingly controversial annual cull. The annual slaughter of bottlenose dolphins in an infamous Japanese cove ended Tuesday. About 500 dolphins were driven into the cove this year, a larger number than usual, according to the local Taiji fishermen's union., null, An #Ukrainian opposition activist wearing a Guy Fawkes mask looks at anti-riot forces blocking the access to the parliament in #Kiev on January 21, 2014. Thousands of Ukrainian protesters continued to face off with police in Kiev as violent unrest went into a third day. Opposition leaders are appealing for restraint on both sides but the tense situation threatens to spin out of control., The President of the International Olympic Committee, Thomas Bach says he's "satisfied and happy" with Brazil's commitment to the 2016 summer Olympics in Rio de Janerio. He made the comments after meeting with Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff on Tuesday in #Brasilia. The goal of his visit is to improve work between the government and Olympic organizers., The founder and leader of the Shining Path Maoist guerrillas, Abimael Guzman, who is serving a life sentence, faces a new trial along with other members of the organization, in Lima, on January 20, 2013. This new trial regarding a car bomb attack in 1992 in the upscale Lima neighbourhood of Miraflores, which killed more 25 people. It was the first time the Shining Path leader has been seen in public since he was re-sentenced to life in prison in 2006., On the eve of the #Geneva II peace Conference, the Syrian government has been accused of war crimes. A report compiled by three international lawyers claims there is photographic evidence of the systematic killing of about 11,000 detainees. Most of the dead were men between the ages of 20 and 40, many apparently showing signs of torture. The report contains some 55,000 images taken by a Syrian military policeman, who secretly worked with a rebel group. In this picture, a Syrian man holds up a copy of the #Koran, Islam's holy book, at the scene of a reported airstrike by government forces., Futuristic Hologram Theater in Korea. Is this the future of pop music? More on this story with CCTV America's Shane Hahm. Check it out! http://youtu.be/tuFSsS3DH6M, null, Construction progress on Arena da Baixada stadium in Curitiba is seriously behind schedule, according to #Fifa Secretary General Jérôme Valcke. Will they finish on time for the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil?, Wall-E in the classroom? Students work next to a #robot designed to allow an absent student to follow the lesson from home on January 21, 2014 in Lyon, France. Unlike a simple retransmission, the robot moves and can participate to the course., Student tourists from Chattanooga, Tennessee, have a snowball fight on National Mall January 21, 2014 in Washington, DC. A strong winter storm is bearing down on the East Coast between Virginia and Massachusetts and could dump 4 to 8 inches of snow on the Washington area., Recent reports have found that 11,000 detainees in #Syria have been executed or tortured since the uprising. #UN and US are in a state of horror by the new findings. What should be done about reported abuses in #Syria?, #Syrian children play in the largest Bulgarian camp in the town of Harmanli on January 21, 2014. Tonnes of humanitarian aid , including clothes, food and hygiene materials, has started trickling in from non-governmental groups in the country and abroad to the camps in EU's poorest country after the #UN raised alarm over a "human emergency" on the #EU's southern fringe., Chinese President Xi Jinping met with visiting Belarusian Prime Minister Mikhail Myasnikovich here on Tuesday, and both pledged stronger bilateral ties. Calling Myasnikovich one of the highest-profile foreign friends to be conferred the Friendship Award by the Chinese government, Xi spoke highly of his contribution to consolidating China-Belarus friendship over the years. #China #Belarus, CCTV America's Mike Walter sat down with Bill Gates today to discuss the release of his annual letter. Bill Gates &  Melinda Gates present some myths they believe keep the world from "accelerating success against poverty & disease." Hear more  tonight on CCTV starting at 7pm., Beginning Wednesday, 60-day STATE OF EMERGENCY imposed by Thai government in Bangkok to cope with anti-government protesters. What is the government's next move? Will Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra resign?, Pretty funny., Follow CCTV America coverage from the World Economic Forum #wef2014 . Our @PhillipTKYin and Shraysi Tandon bring you the latest on Twitter and tonight on CCTV America starting at 7pm.  MORE: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/01/17/the-world-economic-forum-at-davos/, The European Space Agency's "Rosetta" probe calls home: CCTV's Jim Spellman has more on this breaking development in space exploration.  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NA6Sr4SngfU, CCTV America is at the #Davos World Economic Forum! Check out some of our coverage:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dy4MBD7osg0, Thousands of pages of documents revealing how the #Archdiocese of #Chicago dealt with the sexual abuse of children by priests will be released publicly Tuesday. The papers will provide insight into what the archdiocese knew -- and if they responded appropriately.
What do you think about this?, According to a recent #Oxfam report, 85 of the richest people own almost half of the world's global wealth. How did this happen? What exactly are these people doing with their money? More on this story with founder of the Madyun Group, Atiba Madyun. 8:40pmEST on Biz Asia America, Interested in space exploration? Exploration Rover Scientist, James Rice, discusses the #WakeUpRosetta campaign on CCTV America. Watch it NOW!, CCTV America explores the withdrawn invitation to #Iran on #Syria peace talks. Catch it live now., #YourSay #UN Secretary General withdraws invitation to #Iran for #Syria peace talks. What do you think about Iran being uninvited to the Syrian peace talks? Give us #YourSay, Scared of the cold? Kindergarten children use towels after a workout in a playground at Tokyo's Mizuho kindergarten on January 20, 2014, on the day of Daikan, which is believed to be Japan's coldest day of the year. Some 500 children at the kindergarten play and exercise without shirts every day of the year to keep healthy., A race across the ice! CCTV's Guan Yang reports from #China's Liaoning province: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRDOYvNJVzg, People visit the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial, January 20, 2014 in Washington, DC. Americans marked the birth and legacy of civil rights leader Martin Luther King, Jr. #martinlutherking, Horses are ridden into the surf at la Enramada beach along the southern Adeje coastline on the Canary island of Tenerife on January 20, 2014 during the annual pilgrimage marking the Saint Sebastian, considered the patron protector of animals against pests and disease . The San Sebastian festivities in Adeje began at the end of the 19th century and start with a traditional mass and blessing of the Saint's effigy that is then carried on the shoulders of the parishioners to the sea shore., U.S. President Barack Obama and daughter Sasha take part in a community service project, making burritos at DC Central Kitchen, in celebration of the Martin Luther King Jr. Day on January 20, 2014 in Washington, DC.  #martinlutherking, Today's trending picture online. What's your ideas on this?, China's economy grew 7.7 percent in 2013, the same as 2012, overshooting the government target of 7.5 percent, according to the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) on Monday.

"China's economic performance stabilized in 2013 despite downward pressure both at home and abroad," said Ma Jiantang, director of the NBS at a press conference, citing encouraging GDP and job data as well as subdued inflation., Anti-government protesters clash with police in #Ukraine. CCTV's Malini Wilkes has more:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h06ByYVEu1I, U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday signed into law a spending bill which includes a highly symbolic provision on Japan's wartime sexual enslavement of Chinese, Korean and other Asian women.

The legislation includes language calling for Secretary of State John Kerry to encourage the Japanese government to address the issue of the "comfort women."They refer to as many as 200,000 women, mainly from China and Korea, who were forced into sexual servitude for Japanese soldiers during World War II., CCTV America has a team in Davos for the World Economic Forum. Follow @PhillipTKYin & Shraysi Tandon and keep up with their reports here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/01/17/the-world-economic-forum-at-davos/, Trending stories on CCTV America:
-Russian President Vladimir Putin discusses security strategy for Sochi Winter #Olympics:
http://bit.ly/1jnTYls
-#Egypt approves new constitution:
http://bit.ly/1mkSQP9
-U.S. President Barack Obama issues reforms to #NSA surveillance program:
http://bit.ly/1dJsnvv, “Dolphin fishing is a form of traditional fishing in our country," a #Japanese government spokesman said Monday. The remark came after U.S. Ambassador Caroline Kennedy tweeted her concern for the inhumanity of #dolphin hunting.

What are your thoughts about the controversial practice?, Russian President Vladimir #Putin sits down with CCTV News!
As part of a panel interview with the Russian president, CCTV's Shui Junyi discusses security plans for the upcoming Winter Olympics: 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szbsyY0steM, A group of students from Plantation High School in Florida participating in the Mentoring Tomorrow's Leaders program pose for a photo with the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial on the National Mall on January 19, 2014 in Washington. On Monday the United States honor the birth of civil rights leader Martin Luther King. #martinlutherking LIKE, COMMENT and SHARE to pass on Dr. King's vision!, A giant eagle used to promote The Hobbit film trilogy has fallen to earth from the ceiling of Wellington airport during a severe earthquake in central New Zealand.

However, a second eagle, being ridden by a sculpture of The Hobbit’s beneficent wizard Gandalf, was undamaged and remained affixed to the ceiling.

The quake, with a 6.3 magnitude, damaged buildings and caused train suspensions, rock slides and road closures but is not believed to have caused any injuries.

It was centered about 80 miles north of Wellington and struck at 3.52pm local time at a depth of about 17 miles., Too cheeky for Jinan?
Naked Buddha sculptures were taken down after causing social media stir on Monday. 
Some residents said the statues were taken away on the orders of local authorities. However, the Jinan Municipal Bureau of City Administration could not immediately be reached for comment., China's economy grew 7.7% in 2013, the same as 2012, overshooting the government target of 7.5 percent, according to the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) on Monday. Monday's #GDP data headed a string of other positive economic figures. It is "a good report card" presented to #China's leaders who took office in March last year, said experts., ISU World Sprint Speed Skating Championships men's overall champion Michel Mulder of #Netherlands and women's overall champion Yu Jing of #China wave during their victory run with the national flags after the presentation ceremonies at the M-Wave Olympic Ice Rink in #Nagano on January 19, 2014., China's Xu Chen and Jin Ma celebrate after winning against Denmark's Joachim Fischer Nielsen and Christinna Pedersen during their mix-double final match at the Malaysia Open #Badminton Superseries in Kuala Lumpur on January 19, 2014., The struggle for gay rights in Africa. Anchor Anand Naidoo talks to Adotei Akwei from Amnesty International.
http://bit.ly/1cJEH8I, Voters in Egypt have approved a new constitution. CCTV's Adel EL-Mahoruky has more:
http://bit.ly/1eXoi5x, The sculptures of two naked Buddha climbing houses in Jinan, east China's Shandong province on Sunday, January 19, 2014, attract many passers-by. With folded hands, the "naked" Buddha called a novice to climb a house.
What do you think about the sculptures?, Two explosions hit an anti-government protest site in Thailand's capital on Sunday, wounding 28 people. #Bangkok #shutdown, Former Iraqi National Security Adviser Mowaffak Al-Rubaie who oversaw execution of #SaddamHussein on CCTV_TheHeat  http://bit.ly/1hE3vEu, Firefighters in #Australia battled 93 wildfires on Sunday. The fires spread through the country’s most populous state: New South Whales. Residents have been told to evacuate from the affected regions, according to fire authorities., Deposed Egyptian president Mohamed Morsi and another 24 suspects belonging to the Muslim Brotherhood group will face trial over charges of insulting the judiciary and spreading hatred, officials said Sunday.

What do you think of the charges against Morsi and the Muslim Brotherhood?, Glucose testing for diabetic patients might someday be a lot less painful:  Google is testing a "smart contact lens" that can help measure glucose levels in tears. It uses a "tiny" wireless chip and a "miniaturized" glucose sensor embedded between two layers of lens material. But the tech giant added that there's still "a lot more work" to do., In one of the deadliest attacks on Pakistan’s military, 20 troops died on Sunday. The Taliban attack targeted a convoy in the northwest town of Bannu, according to officials. #Pakistan #Taliban, Canada pushing the U.S. to make a decision on Keystone Pipeline, NASA Administrator's take on the future of space travel http://bit.ly/1dIqBbk, Grenade explosion during anti-government protests in Thailand  http://bit.ly/1dIqvQX, Cybersecurity expert Allan Friedman on NSA spying and Obama's policy reform http://bit.ly/LxYHWs, A woman takes a #selfie at the entrance of the #Beijing #railway station as people head to their hometowns for the holidays on January 18, 2014. China's transport system will be put to the test during "Chunyun", the 40-day travel period around the Chinese New Year, or Spring Festival, which falls on Jan. 31. #Chunyun literally means Spring Festival Transport. About 3.62 billion passenger trips will be made., Bella, a Bottlenose #Dolphin, swims in a pool with her new calf named Mirabella at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom on January 17, 2014 in Vallejo, California. Bella, a nine year-old Bottlenose Dolphin, gave birth to her first calf on January 9, 2014 at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom., A night view is seen January 17, 2014 at the neighborhood of "Jalousie" in the Petion-Ville comune, in Port au Prince.  Ceremonies of #Haiti #earthquake anniversary mark 4 years since 7.0 earthquake on January 12, 2010, according to World Bank, affected Haiti's capital and nearby towns and killed up to 230,000 people. Damages and losses were evaluated at around $8 billion or 120% of GDP., Zhang Hong of China leads Christine Nesbitt of Canada during the women's 1000m event at the ISU World Sprint Speed Skating Championships in Nagano on January 18, 2014. Zhang clocked the fastest lap time of 1 minute, 15.17 seconds., null, #BREAKING: UN secretary-general says 3 United Nations personnel confirmed dead in Kabul attack., Don't miss the next episode of Americas Now! 

Correspondent Stephen Gibbs travels to the Caribbean, where 200 years after the abolition of slavery, an island is making a bold request, a push for slavery reparations. 

Watch Americas Now every Sunday at 7:30PM 
EST


!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2C3ZC8Q4ALY, #YourSay: Do you think President Obama’s NSA reforms go far enough? Start the discussion with us! #NSA #Obama #Press #Spying, #YourSay: What do you think of the U.S. ban on cooperation with #China in space? Share your comment below!  #NASA #China #USA, CCTV’s Sean Callebs sits down with NASA administrator Maj. Gen. Charles Bolden in his first television interview since the space agency’s budget for 2014 was revealed. Among the topics of discussion: how that money will be spent, whether there’s a role for China in space, when people will land on Mars and why there seems to be a lack of excitement in the US about space. Get a sneak peek here., Macau gambling tycoon Lui Che-woo has replaced Hong Kong multi-billionaire Li Ka-shing as Asia's richest man, according to Bloomberg on January 17, 2014. Despite no experience in the casino business, his huge gamble in bidding $1.1 billion for a Macau gaming license hit the jackpot., Demonstrators calling for a complete halt to gas production confront with the police during the #Dutch Minister of Economic Affairs' press conference in Loppersum, on January 17, 2014. The Dutch government said on January 17 it would slash gas production in Europe's biggest field by 20% over three years after protests by villagers who blame the extraction for causing #earthquakes., California Gov. Jerry Brown holds a chart showing statewide average precipitation as he speaks during a news conference on January 17, 2014 in San Francisco, California. Gov. Brown declared a drought state of emergency for #California as the state faces water shortfalls in what is expected to be the driest year in state history. Residents are being asked to voluntarily reduce #water usage by 20%., CCTV's Han Peng, Ai Yang, and Grace Brown travel by taxi, bike, and the subway to see who will get to work faster in China's capital. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MXft-VUSHyw

Follow CCTV America:
Twitter: http://bit.ly/15oqHSy
Facebook: http://on.fb.me/172VKne
, President Barack Obama is calling for major changes to the way the #NSA and U.S. intelligence community collects and stores information about people in the U.S. and abroad. Changes to phone record storage & spying are among his proposals. http://bigstory.ap.org/article/obama-back-modest-govt-surveillance-reforms, Chinese President Xi Jinping on Friday met with a delegation from the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) on the sidelines of the third round of China-GCC strategic dialogue held in Beijing from January 17th to 18th. 
China will continue to develop long-term friendship with the #GCC. The two sides should strengthen planning and expand their cooperation, Xi told the delegation, led by First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of #Kuwait Sheikh Sabah Khaled al-Sabah., The smog is so thick in Beijing that the only way to see it is on TV.  The huge TV's are usually for advertising tourist destinations but with the think smog haze the virtual sunrise had to be enjoyed through a broadcast.  MORE: http://dailym.ai/1mgu6KQ, A lightning flashes over the statue of Christ the Redeemer on top of the Corcovado hill in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on January 16, 2014. The #Christ the Redeemer statue is the largest depiction of #Jesus in the world and stands more than 2,000 feet above #Rio on top of the Corcovado Hill. As one of the seven new #wonders of the world in 2007, the statue is made of 700 tonnes of reinforced concrete.
LIKE, COMMENT and SHARE if you think it is amazing!, Happy birthday to U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama. Describing herself as "50 and fabulous," the "Let's Move" creator is getting ready to move herself on Saturday with a big birthday celebration at the White House.

Michelle took a 'selfie' with Bo, the #Obama family dog Bo, April 11, 2013., “The #Olympic Games will be held in full accordance with the Olympic Charter – without any discrimination for any reason,” Russian President Vladimir Putin said.

Putin’s words come amid calls from #gay rights activists to boycott the Olympic Games in Russia in a protest against the country’s so-called “gay propaganda law.” 
What do you think of Putin's pledge?, Russia expects more than 6,000 athletes from 85 countries, plus hundreds of thousands of spectators, to come to the #Sochi Olympics and pledges that it will not allow any form of discrimination, Russian President Vladimir Putin said.

“The Games will be held in full accordance with the Olympic Charter – without any discrimination for any reason,” Putin said.

Putin’s words come amid calls from gay rights activists to boycott the Olympic Games in Russia in a protest against the country’s so-called “gay propaganda law.”, Pro-Russian majority MPs vote during a parliament session debating the 2014 state budget in #Kiev on January 16, 2014. The #Ukrainian government approved a programme of cooperation with former #Soviet states that have joined the Customs Union, although rapprochement with the Russia-led bloc has fuelled continuing pro-Europe protests in Kiev., Indian Hindu students from the Swaminarayan Gurukul participate in the 'Magh Snan' or 'Holy Bath' in Ahmedabad on January 16, 2014. Students of Swaminarayan Gurukul, although they have hot water facilities to bathe, take a cold bath daily for a month in order to make the body immune to the atmosphere and ultimately for good health., An aircraft drops water on the Colby Fire, January 16, 2014 in Azusa, California. The fast-moving #Colby Fire originated early on Thursday in the San Gabriel Mountains just north of Glendora, about 30 miles (48kms) northeast of Los Angeles. Nearly 900 homes were evacuated Thursday after a wildfire scorched forests near Los Angeles, and cast a plume of smoke over the city, police said. Glendora police detained three men who allegedly set a campfire which sparked the blaze, shortly before 6:00 am., Con drama #AmericanHustle and space movie #Gravity lead this year's #Oscar nominations with 10 nods each. Television icon Ellen DeGeneres will return to host the Oscars for a second time, which will be broadcast live on Oscar Sunday, March 2, 2014.

American Hustle was shortlisted in all four acting categories for its stars Christian Bale, Amy Adams, Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence. It is also up for best picture alongside Gravity, which earned a best director nod for Alfonso Cuaron and best actress for Sandra Bullock.

Which one you think will take most of this year's  The Oscars 2014 - 86th Academy Awards?, A horse and rider jump over a burning pyre in the central Spanish village of San Bartolome de Pinares on January 16, 2014 during celebrations for the feast of Saint Anthony, patron saint of animals. Since time immemorial, the horses' owners have conditioned their beasts to pass through the flames marking a #religious folklore deeming the process will cleanse the village of disease., As anti-government protests continue in #Thailand, Caretaker Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra suffered another setback on Thursday. Thai authorities announced they would begin a corruption investigation into a government subsidy program for rice farmers. 
Is there an end in sight for the political unrest in Thailand?, A Chinese mainland mother has gone to great lengths to get her son to come home for Lunar New Year. The mother published a letter on the front page of a newspaper in Melbourne, in which she begged her son to come home for the occasion after her repeated attempts to force him into marriage had scared him away.

“I’ve called you many times, but you don’t answer. Maybe you will see this,” she wrote to her son Peng.

“Your mother and father won’t force you to marry again. Come home for Chinese New Year!”

What do you think of the letter?, Tell us #YourSay!
The Democratic People’s Republic of North Korea declared on Wednesday that joint U.S.-South Korea military drills could deteriorate ties between the Koreas toward a “catastrophe.” While the DPRK is now offering a more conciliatory approach, the threat of retaliation -- if South Korea does not withdraw from joint U.S. military drills -- still remains.
What do you think of the latest DPRK threats?, China Mobile will start selling iPhones on Friday after years of feverish anticipation, and Apple CEO Tim Cook is getting the party started with a visit to Beijing.

Partnering with China Mobile gives Apple a needed boost in China, where it has has been losing the smartphone race to competitors offering cheaper options. The deal expands Apple's footprint in the world's most populous country, boosting its potential customer base by 700 million -- more than twice the population of the U.S.

"China is a very, very important geography for Apple, not only for its size, but for many other reasons as well," Cook told reporters Wednesday in Beijing., CCTV's John Holman reported about prostitution and possible ties to human trafficking in Mexico City's metro. Here are #YourSay answers to our question on how countries should address human trafficking. Watch all of John's reports here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/01/13/mexico-reports-from-the-underground/, On Thursday, a UN human rights panel said "the Catholic Church must be more transparent in dealing with child sexual abuse by its clergy and mete out fair punishments."  Do you think the Vatican could be doing more to catch pedophiles?, According to a #UnitedNations report, Colombia had the highest unemployment in Latin America last year. CCTV's Michelle Begue investigates: http://bit.ly/1daqa5Q, Spring travel rush hits #China:
A crowd of passengers wait to board a train at the Hankou Railway Station as they head back home for Chinese New Year or “#SpringFestival.” The 40-day spring travel rush -- starting on Jan. 16 and ending on Feb. 24 -- will transport more than 3 ½ billion passengers this year, according to the country’s National Development and Reform Commission., Nominees for Best Picture are out from The Oscars 2014 - 86th Academy Awards ! Have you seen any of the 9 movies? Will you go to see them now? Which do you think will win? 
1.American Hustle 
2.Captain Phillips 
3.Dallas Buyers Club 
4.Gravity 
5.Her 
6.Nebraska 
7.Philomena 
8.12 Years a Slave 
9.The Wolf of Wall Street
Video of the announcement here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYXypL3C_gE#t=18, Gioia Tauro, a southern Italian port, will be the transfer site for chemical weapons materials from #Syria, an Italian official said Thursday. A total of 60 containers -- containing poison gas and nerve agents -- will be moved from a Danish ship to the U.S. cargo vessel Cape Ray for eventual destruction at sea.

The head of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, Ahmet Uzumcu (pictured), said he is still confident that Syria's chemical weapons will be destroyed as scheduled by the end of June., Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro presented a report of his administration, taking a look back at 2013 during the Annual Report and Accounts in Caracas on Wednesday., China is bracing its annual "Chunyun" of holiday travelers as the Spring Festival travel rush begins. Before, during and after this year’s week-long Spring Festival holiday, marked by China’s Lunar New Year celebration on Jan. 31. The 40-day Spring Travel rush starting on Jan. 16 and ending on Feb. 24 will transport 3.623 billion passengers this year, 200 million more than last year, predicted by National Development and Reform Commission., New video of the emergency response to last summer's Asiana Airlines crash shows one of the three victims, a 16-year-old Chinese student, was run over by rescue vehicles., Second day Egyptians went to the polls to cast their ballots on the country's new constitution. Egypt's military-backed government is hoping the constitutional vote will unite the country behind its political roadmap. However, major divisions remain, even some families are split., John Wall #2 of the Washington #Wizards looks to pass while being guarded by Jeremy Lin 林書豪 #7 of the Houston #Rockets during the second quarter at Verizon Center on January 11, 2014., Jeremy Lin 林書豪 #7 of the Houston #Rockets shoots the ball against the Boston Celtics on January 13, 2014 at the TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. 

Copyright 2014 NBAE Brian Babineau/NBAE via Getty Images/AFP, A #Papillon jumps a hurdle during a press event at Madison Square Garden January 15, 2014 to promote the First-ever Masters Agility Championship at the 138th Annual Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show . #Dogs entered in the Agility trial will be on hand to demonstrate skills required to negotiate some of the challenging obstacles that they will need to negotiate on Saturday, February 8., Tonight on CCTV America, John Holman takes us inside the sex trade and human trafficking in Mexico City.  What's #YourSay on how countries should address human trafficking?, Hong Kong Chief Executive CY Leung delivered Wednesday morning a policy address to the city's lawmakers and the citizens amid an ongoing public debate on procedures to elect his successor by universal suffrage in 2017. For the second annual policy address since he was sworn in as the chief executive of the Special Administrative Region (SAR), Leung reviewed a series of policies his government introduced to cope with housing anger, poverty, aging population and cultivation of future generations., CCTV's John Holman reports about prostitution and possible ties to human trafficking in Mexico City's metro. How should countries address human trafficking? Give us #YourSay.  
MORE AT: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/01/13/mexico-reports-from-the-underground/, Bao Bao's debut for the general public is Saturday, January 18! The panda house at the National Zoo will extend hours to accommodate visitors, who will be allowed in small groups to avoid overcrowding on a first-come, first-serve basis. Bao Bao is proving to be most active in the early mornings and in the mid afteroon. Today she and Mei Xiang enjoyed an extended play session inside the panda house. Bao Bao pounced on Mei's head several times and even wrestled with a stalk of bamboo. All the excitement wore her out, and she was sound asleep in the den about an hour later., Xie Xiaoyan, #China’s Ambassador to #Ethiopia and permanent Representative to the African Union holds up a photo of an Japanese war crime as he gives a press conference on Japanese and Chinese relations at the African Union headquarters in Addis Ababa on January 15, 2014. During the press conference he strongly criticized #Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe who had just completed his visit to Ethiopia., in part 3 tonight CCTV America deals with the sex trade and prostitution in Mexico City's Metro. Watch the rest of John Holman's special reports from the underground at this link. , Despite outbursts of violence on Tuesday, Egyptians lined up for the second day of voting on a constitutional referendum that would ban political parties based on religion, limit the role of Islamic law in legislation and give women equal rights., Mexico City's metro is the biggest metro system in Latin America, moving more than 5 million people a day. But the controversial ticket price increase has angered many riders. A man jumped over turnstiles without paying to protest against the #fare hike. According to local media, #Mexico City authorities raised the fare from 3 Pesos to 5 Pesos, an approximate increase of $0.15, starting Dec 13. See more of our Reports from Mexico City's Underground here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/01/13/mexico-reports-from-the-underground/, French president François Hollande gives a press conference to present his 2014 policy plans, on January 14, 2014 at the #Elysee presidential palace in Paris. This high-profile press conference was initially expected to culminate with a key announcement on reforms to spur economic growth and create jobs but it is yet mostly seen as his first public appearance since news of his alleged affair with a French actress became public.  In his speech, Hollande promised to revitalize Europe's second-largest economy, tackle unemployment and cut government spending by another 68 billion dollars., French magazine Closer on January 10, 2014 said French President François #Hollande was having an #affair with actress Julie Gayet, promising to back its claim with photographs after months of swirling rumors. France's first lady Valerie Trierweiler is to remain in hospital for several more days following allegations., Mexican soldiers stand guard outside the mayoral office in Apatzingan, Michoacan State, Mexico, on January 14, 2014, where government officials held a meeting with members of the Self-Protection Police. Deadly armed clashes erupted on Tuesday when Mexican soldiers attempted to disarm civilian vigilantes who refuse to abandon an armed struggle against a drug cartel., Thai anti-government protesters wave national flags and clapers at Asok intersection during ongoing rallies in Bangkok on January 14, 2014. Thousands of Thai opposition protesters marched on government buildings in the capital as part of their "shutdown" of Bangkok aimed at derailing elections and toppling the government. Demonstrators threatened to stop officials from going to work at several key ministries to intensify pressure on Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra., Tunisia, where the "#Arab Spring" began, is marking three years of the uprising. In 2010, mass protests forced the overthrow of its President Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali. But #Tunisia continues to struggle with overlapping economic, security, and political challenges. While addressing the nation on Monday, the country's current president said mistakes were made in the past three years., Egyptians defied a bomb blast and threats of violence to cast their vote in the country's new constitutional referendum. A favorable vote could pave way for fresh elections and endorse the military's ousting of former President Mohamed #Morsi. An Egyptian man holds a portrait of Egypt's Defence Minister General Abdel Fattah al-Sisi outside a polling station during the vote on a new constitution on January 14, 2014 in Giza, Cairo., Villagers tend to crops as the #Sinabung #volcano behind them spews hot ash in Karo, Indonesia on January 14, 2014. More than 25,000 people have fled their homes following a series of eruptions and lava flows from Sinabung volcano in North Sumatra, an official said on January 12., Ding Junhui of China is applauded as he arrives for his match against Britain's Shaun Murphy on day three of the Masters #Snooker tournament at Alexandra Palace in London, on January 14, 2014., The interaction of water with the surfaces of solid materials is ubiquitous. Recently, a team at #Peking University succeeded to achieve submolecular-resolution imaging of individual #water monomers and tetramers with a cryogenic scanning tunneling microscope. This work opens up the possibility of determining the detailed topology of H-bonded networks at water/solid interfaces with atomic precision, which is only possible through theoretical simulations in the past., China's transport system will be put to the test during "#Chunyun", the 40-day travel period around the Chinese New Year, or Spring Festival, which falls on Jan. 31.
Chunyun literally means Spring Festival #Transport.
Billions of trips will be made during the holiday season, the most important festival for family reunions in the country, placing a tremendous strain on trains, planes and automobiles, and leaving train tickets in scarce supply., #YourSay - After a magazine reported that he is having a secret affair with an actress, French President Francois Hollande conceded Tuesday he is going through "painful moments" with his companion but didn’t give specifics. Are politicians entitled to privacy? Give us #YourSay in the comments below., Hehe: China's online conversation ender

"Hehe" has just won the title of China's most hurtful chat phrase for 2013 in a poll created by Chinese netizens on China's Weibo. The phrase, which represents soft laughter in Chinese, is frequently used by web users when they feel they have nothing to say or add to their online conversations.

Just as Western people might say "interesting" to avoid silence in English, Chinese netizens say "hehe" when they feel indifferent or reluctant to follow up on a conversation.

Many Chinese netizens say their feelings get hurt when they receive such a reply since it is taken as an expression of lack of interest that could easily ruin a conversation., Man shot dead after argument over texting in Florida movie theater.

Police say an argument over texting triggered Curtis Reeves, 71, a retired Tampa police captain, to fatally shoot a man sitting in front of him as about 25 horrified moviegoers looked on. The shooting occurred after an apparent argument over an audience member texting during a screening of "Lone Survivor.", China's first lady Peng Liyuan makes Vanity Fair's best dressed list.

The wife of President Xi Jinping has earned a coveted spot on the fashion magazine’s International Best Dressed list, cementing her status as the stylish first lady of China.
She ranks with fashion icons Justin Timberlake, the Duchess of Cambridge, Victoria Beckham.
What do you think of her dress and taste?, Want to see the latest as it's unveiled at the North American International Auto Show ? Follow @rozakazancctv on Twitter as she reports and shows pictures of the latest cars. Here Infiniti reveals it's Q50 Eau Rouge concept @#NAIAS  https://twitter.com/rozakazancctv, This week on CCTV America, Correspondent John Holman reports on the underground economy of the Mexico City metro. Watch tonight starting 7:00Pm EST! 

For more read here: http://www.cctv-america.tv/2014/01/13/mexico-reports-from-the-underground/, Cristiano Ronaldo of Portugal is awarded the prize for the FIFA Men's soccer player of the year 2013 at the FIFA Ballon d'Or 2013 gala at the Kongresshaus in Zurich, Switzerland on Monday.

"There are no words to describe this moment," said Ronaldo, who was sobbing in tears after accepting the trophy with his young son, also named Cristiano, beside him on stage.

What do you think of his performance?, Thai opposition protesters launched their attempted shutdown occupying key intersections in the capital of Bangkok on January 13. #YourSay: What do you think Thailand's leaders should do in reaction to the protests? Share your comment for a chance to be aired on the CCTV America Tonight! #THailand #Protests, Katy Perry visits the China Central Chinese Orchestra at Chinese National Orchestra Concert Hall on January 12, 2014 in Beijing, China., Dr Mathew Varghese speaks during an interview in a ward where Indian #polio patients are undergoing treatment at St. Stephens Hospital in New Delhi. India will mark three years since its last polio case, leaving it on the cusp of being declared free of the ancient scourge, a landmark in the global battle against the disease. It is seen as confirmation of one of India's biggest public health successes, achieved through a massive and sustained immunization program. India's health minister hailed it as a "monumental milestone"., The "Dark Horse" singer Katy Perry did the splits on the Great Wall of China on Sunday, Jan. 12. She was wearing a bamboo hat, joked from halfway around the world that she was #bestdressed at the 2014 Golden Globes in L.A., Former Israeli Prime Minister #ArielSharon was buried Monday at his family farm. Dignitaries attending the ceremony included U.S. Vice President Joe Biden, former U.K. Prime Minister Tony Blair, and German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier.

How do you view Sharon’s legacy?, World Bank: 50 million people in Latin America suffering from a disability. Correspondent Michelle Begue has more:
http://bit.ly/1cWOtYh, Did you watch the Golden Globe Awards? Here is a photo gallery of some of the celebrities you may have missed. What did you think of the results? Did your favorite win? SHARE your comments., 300,000 West Virginia residents are still without clean water. Correspondent Sean Callebs has the latest on the aftermath of the chemical spill. Then, Danny Jones, mayor of Charleston, West Virginia joins anchor Susan Roberts to discuss the recovery effort., A man and daughter walk past a group of people taking part in a 'No Pants Subway Ride' event in #Beijing on January 12, 2014. Commuters in Hong Kong and Beijing braved public transport without trousers in the stunt, also celebrated in Australia's major cities, which has gone global since its first staging by the US group Improv Everywhere in New York in 2002., #Bulgarian President Rosen Plevneliev and #Chinese President Xi Jinping inspect Chinese honor guards during a welcome ceremony at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing on January 13, 2014. The two leaders announced the establishment of an all-round friendly partnership between #China and #Bulgaria. #Xi #Plevneliev, Detroit hosts international auto show:
http://bit.ly/1dK2E0u, Thailand braces for new set of mass protests.
Anti-government demonstrations planned for Monday aim to shut down the capital and force the government from office.
CCTV America has the latest from Bangkok., Conflicted legacy of former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon: 
http://bit.ly/1cZ5pdq #MiddleEast, 3 DAYS LATER 300,000 West Virginia residents still don’t have clean water after a chemical spill at Freedom Industries (pictured) contaminated their water supply. It could take days for clean tap water to flow again. So far, 32 people have sought treatment at hospitals for symptoms following the incident.

Tonight, CCTV’s Sean Callebs has more on this story., An interim agreement to freeze Iran's nuclear programme will enter into force on 20 January, it has been announced.

The deal, agreed in talks with world powers in November, envisages easing of some international sanctions on Tehran.
CCTV America will bring the latest in the show., There's a new lead in the investigation of the 2012 attack on the U.S. embassy in Benghazi, Libya. CCTV's Jim Spellman has more.   
http://bit.ly/1eA88yK, #Egypt's army chief Gen. Abdel Fattah el-Sisi said Saturday that he would run for president if the Egyptian people wanted him to, state media reported.
El-Sisi, the country's defense minister, said that "If I run for presidency, it would be by the request of the people and by a mandate from my army, as we work within a democracy," according to the official MENA news agency., Sunday at 7:30pm on Americas Now, "Fracking in Argentina".
Each year it imports billions of dollars of gas and oil, causing a strain on the economy. Now the government thinks it has a solution. But, what's good for the economy could be a disaster for the environment. The indigenous people are preparing for a battle. Our feature piece this week on Americas Now, "Fighting for Argentina's energy future. Tune in Sunday at 7:30. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3u3xSMI3cP4, Liu Shiwen of China retuns the ball to Ding Ni of China during the International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF) World Tour Grand Finals, in Dubai January, 11 2014. #tabletennis #pingpong, Hang Zhou of China competes during qualifying for the Mens Aerials at the FIS Freestyle Ski World Cup Aerial Competition at Deer Valley on January 10, 2014 in Park City, Utah. #ski, Former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, who died at the age of 85, is one of the most influential, controversial and historic figures in the Israeli society. His life time had intersected with major stops in the history of the state of #Israel. This picture taken in 1998 shows Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat next to Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon during the Wye River Peace talks in Wye Mills, MD, 1998.  #Sharon #Arafat #Palestine, Israeli media is reporting that former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, who has been in a coma since a debilitating stroke eight years ago, has died at 85., An ancient town in Shangri-la, a resort county in southwest China's Yunnan Province, caught fire early Saturday, local authorities said. The fire broke out at 1:27 a.m. at the Dukezong Ancient Town, where most house are made of wood, adding difficulties to the fire fighting. There were no immediate reports of casualties., Coming up on Biz Asia America: Thomas Bollyky of the Council on Foreign Relations joins Phillip Yin to discuss the impact China's Air Defense Identification Zone will have on international trade., Tonight on CCTV America: Michael Kugelman, Senior Program Associate for South and Southeast Asia at the Woodrow Wilson Center, will provide insight into India's reaction to the arrest of a New York-based diplomat.  Why do you think India is so angry about the arrest?  Share your thoughts in the comments and you might see them on air tonight!, Children play around a man disguised as #Batman at the Favela do Metro slum, area just near the Maracana stadium, in Rio de Janeiro, #Brazil, on January 9, 2014. Families living in this shantytown within a stone's throw of Rio's mythical Maracana stadium refuse to have their homes demolished as part of a project to renovate the district before the #FIFA World Cup circus pitches camp in June., Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff insists the country will host the "World Cup of World Cups" despite a series of setbacks to affect preparations for the event. People play football at sunset at Ipanema Beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil on January 9, 2014. #rio #worldcup #FIFA, #YourSay #India’s former Deputy Consul General Devyani Khobragade is accused of exploiting her Indian-born housekeeper and nanny by working her more than 100 hours a week for low pay and lying about it on a visa form. Khobragade was indicted by a U.S. federal grand jury.  But she was back in India on Friday after the two countries struck a deal in which she was granted full diplomatic immunity. What do you think of diplomats getting immunity in other countries? We want to hear #YourSay!, Niagara Falls has become an icy spectacle, thanks to to the cold temperatures that froze the mist on surfaces and landscaping. #PolarVortex SHARE and LIKE if you think this view is spectacular!#Niagarafalls #Winter, BREAKING NEWS:
Iranian nuclear negotiations concluded successfully.  The final announcement could come in one or two days after consultations with capitals.  Iran Deputy FM Abbas Araghchi told reporters in Geneva on Friday., Inspiring.  Gabrielle Giffords marked the 3 year anniversary of the attempt on her life by taking a huge leap of faith. She skydived from 12,000 feet. Watch the video at this link:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BrgSFVaG8I
LIKE & SHARE to show your support for Gabby., Sea of devotees clambered over one another to touch the Black Nazarene statue during the annual religious procession in #Manila on January 9, 2014. Hundreds of thousands of barefoot devotees poured into the capital for one of the world's biggest Catholic parades honoring an ebony statue of #Jesus Christ they believe has miraculous powers. #Nazareno2014, It's long been spelled out that U.S.-led NATO troops are slated to pull out in 2014, leaving Afghanistan on its own. Afghans have been depending on the U.S. for nearly everything from security to its fragile economy. An Afghan family warms themselves around a stove at their home in a refugee camp in Herat on January 9, 2014. As winter sets in across Central Asia, many Afghans struggle to provide adequate food and shelter for their families., A monument for fallen #peacekeepers stands amidst makeshift tents in a spontaneous camp for internally displaced persons at the United Nations Mission to South #Sudan (UNMISS) base in Juba, on January 9, 2014. Over 17,000 people are living at the base, with new arrivals every day, due to ongoing conflict in the world's youngest nation., Mount Sinabung spews volcanic ash and lava near Karo, North Sumatra on January 9, 2014. An Indonesian volcano that has erupted relentlessly for months shot volcanic ash into the air 30 times on January 4, forcing further evacuations with more than 20,000 people now displaced, an official said., This week on Americas Now, "Fracking in Argentina".
Each year it imports billions of dollars of gas and oil, causing a strain on the economy. Now the government thinks it has a solution. But, what's good for the economy could be a disaster for the environment. The indigenous people are preparing for a battle. Our feature piece this week on Americas Now, "Fighting for Argentina's energy future. Tune in this Sunday. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3u3xSMI3cP4, A new IPO orchestrated by #HongKong billionaire Li Ka-shing is making waves with investors: http://bit.ly/KKwOtO, A slow-shutter exposure shows an aerial view of evening traffic in Shanghai on January 9, 2014. China's auto sales smashed through the 20 million mark last year, growing nearly 14% and extending its lead as the world's biggest car market, an industry group said on January 9., New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is currently caught in a political scandal, in which one of his aides ordered The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey to purposely cause traffic jams at the on-ramps to the George Washington Bridge in Fort Lee, NJ, due to political disagreements between Governor Christie and the mayor of Fort Lee. Christie claims he had no knowledge of issue and has since fired the aide., Obama criticized in new book!  
http://bit.ly/1cSvSt9, Marijuana is in the news a lot lately with legalization in Colorado & Uruguay. Other states in the U.S. are looking at easing restrictions. What's your take on the legalization of marijuana? Good or bad idea? Give us #YourSay comment., Is chocolate becoming more popular in China? CCTV's Grace Brown finds out: http://bit.ly/KKdqgs, Renowned Chinese film director Zhang Yimou has been fined more than $1.2 million for having three children in violation of #China’s strict family planning rules. The director of such classics as “Hero” and “House of Flying Daggers” has 30 days to pay, but may also file a court petition., BREAKING: New Jersey Governor Chris Christie fires Deputy Chief of Staff Bridget Anne Kelly for role in bridge scandal.  The Governor denied knowing about the lane closings., New Jersey Governor Chris Christie will speak at a news conference today at 11am EST. Revelations have surfaced that one of his top aides may have engineered traffic jams as political payback against the mayor of Fort Lee, New Jersey, for not endorsing #Christie’s re-election campaign., Louisville City workers repair a broken water main on 22nd Street in bitter cold below-zero temperatures on January 7, 2014 in Louisville, Kentucky. Temperatures in the single digits coupled with below-zero wind chills have prompted the closure of local governments, schools, and businesses throughout the South., Li Na of China hits a forehand return during a practice session for the upcoming Australian Open #tennis tournament in #Melbourne on January 9, 2014. The Australian Open run January 13-26, 2014., Today marks the traditional Laba Festival in China. Laba means the eighth day of the twelfth month of the lunar calendar. It has been celebrated for 1500 years. It’s customary, especially in North China, to eat Laba Porridge, a combination of rice, beans, nuts and dates. The festival is linked to both the new harvest and Buddhism. Buddhist temples hand out Congee to the public. People prepare Laba garlic, by putting the cloves in vinegar to steep until they turn green. There are also Laba noodles, and Laba Tofu. As Laba falls in the last lunar month, it serves as a prelude for the Lunar New Year., Venezuelan President @Nicolas Maduro called a meeting of mayors and governors Wednesday to draw an emergency anti-crime plan after Spear, 29, and British-born Thomas Henry Berry, 39, were murdered in front of their five-year-old daughter, who was wounded. Former beauty queen turned soap opera star Monica Spear was found shot to death on January 6, 2014 with her husband in their car on a roadside in #Venezuela., One crewman has died, the Navy says, after one of its helicopters crashed during a training mission off the coast of Virginia Wednesday. A US Navy helicopter crashed off the coast of Virginia on January 8, 2014. The MH-53E Sea Dragon went down "off the coast of Norfolk, Virginia" at about 11:30 am local time during"routine training," said a Navy official, who spoke on condition of anonymity., China’s 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions are given the targets to reduce main air pollutants, essentially PM2.5, by 5% to 25%. Shanghai, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shandong and Shanxi will have to cut the indices by 20%, followed by 15% for Guangdong and Chongqing and 10% for Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. In Wuhan city, a chimney in a heavy-polluting heating factory was destroyed., Canadian health officials have confirmed a #Canadian died after traveling home from Beijing was infected with #H5N1 bird flu, the first reported death in North America from the virus. The World Health Organization(#WHO) says it is difficult to transmit the virus from person to person but when people do become infected, the mortality rate is about 60%., Dennis Rodman was in North Korea today to celebrate Kim Jong Un's birthday with an exhibition basketball game.  After the game, Rodman sang "Happy Birthday to You" in front of the crowd., The Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA) confirmed Wednesday that the entrapped Antarctic ships, the Akademik Shokalskiy and the Xue Long, have broken free from the ice in Antarctica and are no longer in need of assistance. The United States Coast Guard ice breaker Polar Star has been released from search and rescue tasking by AMSA's Rescue Coordination Centre (RCC Australia) and will now continue on its original mission to McMurdo Sound., Give us #YourSay Former Defense Secretary Robert Gates' new book includes criticism of President Barack Obama for showing too little enthusiasm for the U.S. war mission in Afghanistan.  What is #YourSay of Gates criticism of the President?  Comment below., Today marks the traditional #Laba festival in China. Laba means the eighth day of the twelfth month of the lunar calendar. 
It’s customary, especially in North China, to eat Laba #Porridge. It’s a combination of rice, beans, nuts and dates. The festival is linked to both the new harvest and Buddhism. 
, #BREAKING US: Navy helicopter with 5 aboard goes down in Atlantic off Virginia coast., Apple says people spent more than $10 billion in its app store in 2013, on apps such as "Minecraft," ''Angry Birds Star Wars" and "Sleep Cycle" alarm clock. Do you have an app you can't live without? What is it?  Game or news?, Another day of record-breaking temperatures with bone chilling #cold and life threatening problems. Parts of North America are colder than Antarctica. The deep freeze is creating issues for people trying to fly through airports, travel by railroad, even just trying to go about their normal routines. Tonight on CCTV America, join the conversation 7:00PM EST!, A Siberian tiger is trying to catch a chicken at the Siberian Tiger Park in Harbin, northeast #China's Heilongjiang province. The Siberian Tiger Park was built in 1996, located on the north bank of the Songhua River and occupying an area of 1,440,000 square meters (355.8 acres), is the largest natural park for wild #Siberian #tigers in the world., The Mount Sinabung spews volcanic materials as it erupts in North Sumatra, Indonesia, Jan. 7, 2014. Over 21,800 people sought refuge at 33 shelters in Karo district of North Sumatra province as the Sinabung volcano continued to spew ash and lava on Monday, an Indonesian official said., Miss Venezuela beauty queen and popular actress Monica Spear and her husband were murdered in Venezuela. Their 5-year-old daughter was also shot in her leg but she survived the injury. #MonicaSpear #MissVenezuela #Violence, Basketball star Dennis Rodman on Tuesday defended his controversial visit to North Korea with a team of former NBA players, saying it was a "great idea for the world.", Movie producer Run Run Shaw whose studio popularized the kung fu genre that influenced Quentin Tarantino and other Hollywood directors, died Tuesday.  He was 107. He also produced some classic U.S. films including “Blade Runner”.  Since 1985, Shaw donated 4.5 billion HK dollars for over 6,000 projects on the Chinese mainland -- over 80% of them related to education.  Do you have a favorite #RunRunShaw movie? Which one?  
MORE: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Run_Run_Shaw, LIKE & SHARE this frigid photo: Ice builds up along Lake Michigan at North Avenue Beach as temperatures dipped well below zero on in Chicago, Illinois. How cold is it where you are? #polarvortex, Take a look at how National Zoo Panda Bao Bao is preparing to make her public appearance. Tune in tomorrow for latest details on her debut. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Zeh4MyLb60, US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as first woman to head Federal Reserve in its 100-year history., #YourSay! Since the departure of American forces from Iraq two years ago, both the U.S. and Iraq view the escalating conflict in the region with alarm.
 
Has Al Qaeda become more of a threat since the U.S. pulled out of Iraq? Let us know what you think., #China destroyed more than 6 tonnes of illegal #ivory on Monday. Through the landmark event, the country demonstrated its opposition to the illegal trade in elephant tusks., Deep freeze! Across the U.S., temperatures could tumble to record-breaking lows, as a “polar vortex” brings powerful winds and extremely cold air., Did you miss the #AmericasNow special last night? Jessica Stone investigates a trillion dollar enterprise that is causing quite a stir: Canada’s oil sands. 

Watch it here: http://bit.ly/1cTu7QN, Wearable technology (like #GoogleGlass, pictured) is expected to feature heavily at the upcoming Consumer Electronics Show (#CES) in the U.S. 

What do you think will be the next big idea in tech?, Visitors gather at the China Ice and Snow World, after the official opening of the 15th Harbin International Ice and Snow Festival in Harbin, in northeast China's Heilongjiang Province on January 5, 2014. Thousands of visitors braved temperatures of -17 degrees Fahrenheit to visit the Ice and Snow World, which features the theme "Global Ice and Snow Dream, World Cartoon Tour"., Hang on! Visitors crowd in to get a glance of Yuan Zai, the first Taiwan-born baby panda. Climbing inside its enclosure at the Taipei City Zoo, Yuan Zai, weighs about 14 kilos (31 lbs) now and made her anticipated public debut as she turned six months old., Is the US ready for #Keystone pipeline? #canadaoilsands at a crossroad. Don't miss this great documentary! Tonight on @CCTV_America @7:30 PM EST! 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsZoCs_gA9k, Polls are closed across Bangladesh where the national election was marred by violence Sunday. Police opened fire on protesters who were trying to overrun a polling station and opposition activists torched more than 100 polling places. At least 18 people were killed. For more watch CCTV America @ 7:00PM EST!#Bangladesh #Kerry #Syria, Why educating Children is not a top priority? 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUPqWUIpt2s, A private plane crashed and burned at an airport in Aspen, Colo., the Federal Aviation Administration said.

Emergency crews were at the scene at the Aspen/Pitkin County Airport, which was closed after the crash. No details on the number of people on the plane or the number of casualties were immediately available., null, null, Turn on CCTV America now to catch The Heat @7:30. We examine the state of relations between China and the United States 35 years after they normalized ties. Mike Walter talks with Zbigniew Brzezinski who served as National Security Advisor during the Carter years. Plus, we get the Chinese perspective from Victor Gao who was once a translator for Deng Xiaoping., Rescue workers in Canacoa, India, search the rubble of a collapsed building under construction. According to authorities, 13 bodies have been found thus far in the coastal city wreckage., Two great interviews on The Heat airing Saturday at 7:30PM ET.
We examine the state of relations between China and the United States 35 years after they normalized ties. Mike Walter talks with Zbigniew Brzezinski who served as National Security Advisor during the Carter years. Plus, we get the Chinese perspective from Victor Gao who was once a translator for Deng Xiaoping., Different perceptions on Former President Richard Nixon

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oB4zUMioqnQ&list=PLHzrnR4YvIZoVOkSa-5_f0claqKB-et-Q&index=16, Did you get married today?
Couples across #China, rushed to tie the knot on Friday, believing the day to be an auspicious one, as the date sounds like a promise of love.Long line was seen outside the bureau of civil administration for getting married in Chengdu city, Southwest China. The date of January 3rd, 2014, is two o one four one three. In Mandarin, the pronunciation of two o one four one three is similar to Ai Ni Yi Shi Yi Sheng, a mandarin phrase of love you for a lifetime. #marriagerushday, Tonight on CCTV America
#Bolivia is pursuing a clean energy policy by constructing the country's first wind turbines. The project was constructed by a Chinese company, called Hydrochina. For more details on this development, the latest from #Kerry's visit to Mideast and other news around the globe tune in at 7:00PM EST!, John Kerry meets with Palestinian President Mahmud Abbas as part of talks with Israelis and Palestinians for a Middle East peace deal. Do you think Secretary John Kerry will be successful in 2014? Comment with #YourSay. We may use on air tonight., Did you miss our special coverage on the 35th Anniversary of U.S-China Diplomatic Relations? You can catch up here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHzrnR4YvIZoVOkSa-5_f0claqKB-et-Q, What are your expectations for the stock market? Take a look at what experts expect.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKjGqcebz_w, CCTV America's Jessica Stone reports on the special connection between D.C. and Beijing., China on Thursday urged the United States to take "effective measures" to protect its diplomatic institutions and staff, and prevent similar incidents following an arson attack on a Chinese consulate-general.

"The Chinese Foreign Ministry and embassy and consulates to the United States have lodged solemn representations to the U.S. side, demanding they solve the case as soon as possible and severely punish the culprit," said Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang.

On Wednesday, a person got out of a mini-van parked in front of the main entrance of the Chinese consulate-general in San Francisco, poured two buckets of gasoline onto the front door and set it on fire, severely damaging the door, but fortunately causing no casualties.

The Chinese side will release information in a timely manner as it becomes available, Qin said.

An investigation is underway.

Officers from the San Francisco police and fire departments and the U.S. State Department's Bureau of Diplomatic Security arrived at the scene immediately after the attack., The 125th Tournament of Roses Parade, under the theme of "Dreams Come True", was held in U.S. western city of #Pasadena in Los Angeles county on Wednesday. A Chinese featured float, showing two winged horses that soar over rooftops and lush gardens, was designed to mark the coming Year of the #Horse, according to the Chinese Zodiac., Chinese helicopter Xueying 12 on board the icebreaker Xuelong has embarked on its second flight Thursday to transfer part of the passengers aboard a Russian vessel stuck in sea ice off #Antarctica to an Australian rescue ship., At least 5 confirmed deceased after an explosion rocked a stronghold in south Beirut during rush hour earlier today.  If confirmed as a bombing, this would be the latest in a series of attacks to hit Lebanon as the Syrian Civil War continues to spill over into neighboring countries., How to remember China's thousands of years of continuous history? Easy now if you know the melody of "Are You Sleeping?" Harvard University #ChinaX professors sing it out loud. Check out this video: http://bit.ly/1iuQdgb, "Pot shops" have opened across Colorado, allowing adults over 21 to purchase marijuana at state-controlled stores. A man from Blanchester, Ohio selects #marijuana strains to purchase on January 1, 2014 in Denver, #Colorado, when legalization of recreational marijuana sales in the state went into effect in the morning., UN Secretary General Special Envoy to South Sudan Hilde Johnson says the clashes, escalating since mid-December, could stretch the #UN mission beyond its current resources. South Sudan's warring parties were on January 1, 2014 set to begin peace talks aimed at bringing an end to a nearly three-week-old civil war that has already left thousands dead., For the first time in 20 years, New York welcomed a #Democrat as #mayor in an inauguration that registered a sea change in the city’s politics. Bill de Blasio swears in as New York's 109th mayor, succeeding billionaire Michael Bloomberg, who had been mayor of the largest U.S. city for 12 years., View our timeline of important milestones during the past 35 years., Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi has called for more strategic trust and practical cooperation between China and the United States on the eve of the 35th anniversary of the establishment of China-U.S. diplomatic relations. Tune in CCTV America for special coverage. #china #US, It was 35 years ago Wednesday that the United States and China formally established diplomatic ties. The agreement was announced in December of 1978 and took effect on January 1st, 1979. Tune in CCTV America for special coverage. #china #US, New Year Celebrations in China from our CCTVNews partners , Thousands of people are taking part in New Year's Day #parade celebrations around the world. Here is an snapshot from England , Japan and France among other countries. Check it out!, Happy New Year! CCTV America wishes you the best in 2014. 
Like and share this cool photo of people reacting to the fireworks on the new year's celebration at Copacabana beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on January 1, 2014., Are you there tonight? Have you been there before? 
LIKE and SHARE the new year spirit! Revelers gather hours ahead of midnight at New Year's Eve 2013 @TimesSquareNYC. #newyear #2014, The 218-second and 24,000 shots of fireworks, accompanied by indigenous songs, marked the first decade of the TAIPEI 101 and celebrated the New Year with the crowd of more than 100,000 people outside the tower. #2014 #newyear, A lightshow illuminates the Great Wall during a New Year countdown event at the Great Wall in Beijing on January 1, 2014. Hundreds of people gathered at the Great Wall, a landmark place in #Beijing, to celebrate the New Year. #greatwall #china, Fireworks explode over Victoria Harbour in Hong Kong on January 1, 2014. A wave of pyrotechnic displays kicked off new year celebrations in major cities around the world, with Hong Kong welcoming 2014 with a choreographed music and fireworks show., President Xi Jinping expressed his confidence in China's future reforms and extended good wishes to all Chinese in his New Year address Tuesday. "In 2013, we made an overall arrangement on comprehensively deepening reform, drawing a grand blueprint for the country's future development." #china #chinese #newyear #2014 #xijinping #cctvamerica #cctv, Photo gallery: #NYE celebrations around the globe. Happy New Year! Can you guess some of the countries in these pictures? #China is the easy one., Chinese President Xi Jinping delivers his New Year message via CCTV in Beijing. 
"I sincerely hope that people from all countries, while striving for their own dreams, can understand and help each other, and make efforts to build our Earth into a wonderful home."
http://bit.ly/1issGfU, Happy New Year from CCTV America! As we say good-bye to 2013,  what are your goals for 2014?, Facebook dominates social networks according to new Pew Research Center study. Pinterest has surpassed Twitter. What social media do you use the most? Comment with your #1.
A. Facebook
B. Twitter
C. Pinterest
D. Weibo
E. Instagram
F. LinkedIn, More than 20-thousand people out into the cold has just kicked off in Northeast China the annual ice fishing festival., Israel is expected to free another 26 Palestinian prisoners.
It's the third of four planned stages since the US-brokered agreement to resume peace talks in July., Tonight on CCTV America 

We’ll bring you more details from #Russia following a pair of deadly bomb attacks in the southern city of Volgo-grad. The latest blast tore through a trolleybus during Monday's morning rush hour killing at least 14 people. How could this threats affect the Winter Olympics? Join the conversation tonight @ 7:00PM EST!, #YourSay  Based on 2 terrorist bombings in Volgograd in 2 days, do you think Russian authorities will be able to keep spectators safe during the  #Winter Games in Sochi? SHARE #YourSay comment below. We may use your answer on-air., El Salvador's Chaparrastique Volcano erupted early Sunday, spewing a tall column of ash and smoke into the sky. The 2,130-meter-high volcano is one of the eight active volcanoes in the country. The Civil Protection Agency began the evacuation of residents living within a 3-kilometer radius of the site, due to falling volcanic ash., Eight terrorists were shot dead and another one captured by police during a terrorist attack early Monday morning in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, authorities said. Nine terrorists attacked a police station wielding knives at around 6 a.m. in Shache County in the Kashgar region. They also threw explosives and set police cars on fire. The case is under further investigation.
(Photo taken on June 11, 2013, a Uighur police in the streets of the city of Kashgar, Xinjiang, with a group of people., Chinese Navy officers of the 15th Chinese naval escort fleet  welcomed Tanzanian counterpart on board at the port of Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, Dec. 29, 2013. After completing its escort mission, the 15th Chinese naval escort fleet paid a four-day visit from Sunday to #Tanzania on its way back to China., Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks with Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev during their meeting in the #Kremlin in Moscow on December 30, 2013. Successive-day #bombings on a railway station and #trolleybus in Russia's heartland expose the huge challenge President Vladimir Putin faces in ensuring safety at Winter Olympic Games staged on the very edge of the violence-plagued North Caucasus. #sochi, Michael Schumaker, the legendary former Formula One driver, remained in a medically-induced coma Monday morning, the prognosis for his recovery from a brain injury he suffered in a skiing accident Sunday uncertain.
Let's LIKE and SHARE to support him. #Schumaker #F1
Photo taken on January 12, 2006 shows German Formula 1 world champion Michael Schumacher as he poses during the "16 WROOOM F1 press meeting "., The reaction to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's visit to the Yasukuni shrine has seriously damaged relations with China. "The Chinese people do not welcome him. Now, Abe needs to admit his mistakes to the government and people of China, cut loose from the past and make a new start," Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang said.  How can the 2 countries move forward?, null, A passenger aboard the 'stuck' ship MV Akademik #Shokalskiy watched an adelie penguin paraded by on the ice off East #Antarctica, as the ship waits to be rescued. Passengers on the Russian research ship trapped in thick Antarctic ice faced an uncertain wait on December 29 for one last ice-breaking attempt with no guarantees of success., A passenger aboard the 'stuck' ship MV Akademik #Shokalskiy, watching as an adelie penguin parades by on the ice off East #Antarctica, as the ship waits to be rescued. Passengers on the Russian research ship trapped in thick Antarctic ice faced an uncertain wait on December 29 for one last ice-breaking attempt with no guarantees of success., The annual Ice and Snow Fishing and Hunting Cultural Tourism Festival has kicked off Saturday on the Chagan Lake in China. Local fishermen cut holes and go fishing at China's 7th largest freshwater lake, which is home to 70 species of fish. #Chinese #Mongolian ethnic group use a centuries old technique of placing a net under the ice in minus 22 degree Celsius temperatures to catch carp and other edible fish., At least 15 people are dead and scores were wounded Sunday as a female suicide bomber struck at a railway station in southern Russia, officials said, heightening concern about terrorism ahead of February's Olympics in the Black Sea resort of Sochi.  
VIDEO of explosion: http://youtu.be/jxIa51PAkrw, Russian firefighters and security personnel inspect the damage at a train station following a suicide attack in the Volga River city of Volgograd, about 560 miles southeast of Moscow, on December 29, 2013. At least 15 people were killed and dozens injured when a suicide bomber blew herself up in the train station ahead of February's Olympic Games in nearby #Sochi., More than two dozen people were killed including two children after a passenger train caught fire in India. We'll have the latest on this accident, the political protests in Egypt and much more. 

Watch tonight at 7:00 PM EST!, What can be done to prevent food waste? 1.3 billion tons gets wasted every year. Danielle Nierenberg founder of Food Tank: The Food Think Tank gives us very important advice. Watch, like and share this video to see solutions to the issue: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgGI9wIdCwM, How could the #Okinawa US base relocation affect #China and US relationship?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFNjEN2jsDo, null, Healthcare impact on immigrant population

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n07MUufYC8o, Mexicos works to reduce obesity rates: 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pKyXJBXUxE, Right now, Danielle Nierenberg discusses how to prevent food waste with CCTV's Michelle Makori., Tonight on CCTV America:  Clayton Dube, Executive Director at the US-China Institute, will be joining us to discuss the relocation of a controversial US air base in Okinawa, Japan., We are looking for people to feature in a #China #onechildpolicy story. Please message us on Facebook or tweet @CCTV_America if you have something to say., The governor of the Japanese island of Okinawa has approved a  plan to relocate a US air base to a less populous location, but still wants the base moved off the island altogether.

#YourSay: What do you think about the US maintaining military bases overseas? Share your comment!, The importance of access to safe drinking water around the world:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FHTjB_5JOA&feature=c4-overview&list=UUj7wKsOBhRD9Jy4yahkMRMw, South Korean conservative activists shout slogans during a protest to lodge a complaint against Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visiting the #Yasukuni war shrine to mark the first anniversary of his taking office, in Seoul on December 27, 2013. South Korea expressed anger at Abe's visit to a controversial war shrine, calling it "anachronistic behavior.", Action star Jet Li revealed during a recording session for a Chinese televised talent show on Tuesday that he is suffering from #hyperthyroidism, reported Chinese media. LIKE and SHARE to show support for 李连杰 Jet Li and wish him good health!, Brazil floods: Officials say there are over 32 deaths in the floods and mudslides caused by heavy downpours in two states in southeastern #Brazil has risen. More than 50,000 have been forced to leave their homes., A massive explosion at a shopping mall saw 4 dead & 40 injured in Luzhou City, Sichuan Province., The deadline for applying for health insurance through the U.S. government's Affordable Care Act has just passed. Washington has been trying to reassure some 13 million foreign born-people "without" medical #insurance that they can apply without fear of being deported. Texas is the state with nation's highest rate of uninsured people. #obamacare, Tonight on CCTV America: 
Condemnation and criticism, Abe's controversial visit to the war-linked shrine sparks an international firestorm. Complete team coverage with reaction and analysis straight ahead. And it's been two years since this U.S. contractor was kidnapped in Pakistan. Now he again appeals to the U.S. government to negotiate his release. More details tonight at 7PM EST!, Chinese ambassador to Japan Cheng Yonghua is surrounded by reporters after he met with Japanese vice Foreign Minister Akitaka Saiki at the foreign ministry in Tokyo on December 26, 2013 to protest against Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's visit to controversial #Yasukuni shrine. Abe paid an inflammatory visit to the Yasukuni war shrine, a move Beijing immediately condemned as glorification of Japan's past "militaristic aggression", warning Tokyo must "bear the consequences"., Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi summons Japanese Ambassador to China Masato Kitera, strongly protesting and condemning Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's visit to the war-linked Yasukuni shrine., This week on Americas Now, "2013 Year-End Special Edition.”
CCTV correspondents have followed fascinating people in amazing places all across #Latin #America. We’ll revisit some of the most compelling ones of 2013. #AMERICASNOW 
Tune in Dec 29th 7PM EST on CCTV America., This week on Americas Now, we'll revisit some of the most compelling ones of 2013. Tune in Sunday at 7:30PM EST!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjrjfV5ynxg, Childhood cancer remains the leading cause of death by disease among children in the United States. Take a look at what this organization is doing to help children with cancer. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6iHl5ffIvOA, #YourSay Japanese P.M.Shinzo Abe visited the controversial Yasukuni war shrine in Tokyo today, a move Beijing condemned as "absolutely unacceptable" & "has created major new political obstacles for already strained Sino-Japanese relations." What can be done to improve the relationship between China and Japan? Give us #YourSay in the comments below. We may read your response on air., Not the kind of place you want to get stuck! A Russian-flagged expedition vessel with 74 people aboard is currently stranded in ice in the Antarctic. Ice-breaking ships are on the way. Australian Maritime Safety Authority - AMSA is coordinating the response., Video of an American held hostage is released. Warren Weinstein is seen appealing to President Obama to negotiate his freedom. Weinstein, 72, is an American development worker kidnapped in Pakistan by al-Qaida more than two years ago. What steps should the U.S. take?, An update on developments in South Sudan with Helen Mould from Save the Children, earlier today from our CCTV Africa partners., In tonight's #YourSay we're asking: How do you think China and Japan can improve their relationship?  Let us know what you think below. We may use your comment on air., Edward Snowden, former National Security Agency (#NSA) contractor who disclosed the agency's secrets and forced the U.S. government to reevaluate its #surveillance policies, has said his mission is accomplished. "For me, in terms of personal satisfaction, the mission's already accomplished." #snowden, More than 3.4 million people die each year from water-related diseases. That's roughly the population of the city of Los Angeles.
The World Health Organization estimates that women spend a total of 200 million hours each day collecting #water. #WHO also reports that more people in the world have a mobile phone than a toilet., Two space station astronauts popped in a new pump during a rare #Christmas Eve spacewalk Tuesday, eager to wrap up urgent repairs to a cooling system. It was the second #spacewalk in four days for U.S. astronauts Rick Mastracchio and Michael Hopkins, and only the second Christmas Eve spacewalk in #NASA history., A young survivor of Super Typhoon #Haiyan, which devastated the province of Leyte, visits the grave of a friend at a mass grave for victims of the disaster in front of a chapel in the village of San Joaquin in Palo on December 24, 2013, before attending a traditional #Christmas Eve mass., Former National Security Agency contractor, Edward Snowden says his mission is “already accomplished.” What do you think he has accomplished after releasing #NSA’s surveillance documents? We want to hear #YourSay!, In case you missed our broadcast last night, this is how Santa is getting ready for delivering #Christmas presents this year. Check it out! 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrhQQg_pFDw, Egyptians carry the body of one of the thirteen people killed in a car bomb attack earlier in the day. The car bomb tore through a police building in Mansura, in an attack the authorities said was aimed at derailing the country's transition to democracy., Cool info graphic from InMobi shows the amazing statistics of mobile users in China. No wonder Apple wants to sell iPhones there.  Fastest growing market in the world.  http://www.inmobi.com/blog/2013/12/18/go-east101-china-mobile-market-insights-infographic, How can students alleviate  stress?  Take a look at what this organization is doing to help them.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkItHvcQD58, Tonight on CCTV America:
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is speaking out on allegations the U-S spied on Israeli leaders. Meanwhile, a bomb that Israeli authorities suspect was planted by Palestinian militants exploded in a bus near Tel Aviv on Sunday. It was the first such incident since Israeli-Palestinian peace talks resumed in July.

More details  tonight at 7:PM EST!, #cyberbullying is defined as the "willful and repeated harm inflicted through the use of computers, cell phones, and other electronic devices."  #YourSay: What more can be done to prevent cyber-bullying? What do you think the biggest danger of cyberbullying is? Comment with #YourSay below. We may use your comment on air., The inventor of the #Kalashnikov assault rifle (AK-47), Mikhail Kalashnikov, has died aged 94, Russian officials say. He received many state honours, including the Order of Lenin and the Hero of Socialist Labour. However, pride in his invention was tempered with sadness at its use by criminals and child soldiers. "It is painful for me to see when criminal elements of all kinds fire from my weapon," Kalashnikov said in 2008., China Mobile and Apple have struck a deal to sell iPhones in China. Do you think people there will switch to iPhone from Android?, CCTV America wishes you a Happy Holiday Season!
Help us SHARE and LIKE the holiday joy.
We are on Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and Weibo.
Facebook: CCTVAmerica
Twitter: @CCTV_America
YouTube: CCTVAmerica1

CCTV-AMERICA:
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 |N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 |L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 | SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 279, CCTV America wishes you a Happy Holiday Season!
Help us SHARE and LIKE the holiday joy.
We are on Facebook, YouTube, Twitter and Weibo.
Facebook: CCTVAmerica
Twitter:  @CCTV_America
YouTube:  CCTVAmerica1

CCTV-AMERICA:
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 |N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 |L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 |  SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 279, The case of Indian diplomat Devyani Khobragade has taken a new turn after court documents filed by the husband of her housekeeper claim that the servant was kept in "slavery-like conditions." Prosecutors say the maid received $3 per hour for her work. The case has turned into an international incident, as Indian officials claim the consular official's treatment, which included a strip search, was heavy-handed., President of South Sudan, Salva Kiir, has said his country is preparing to launch a major offensive against rebel forces as civil war looms. American citizens and nationals from U.S. partner nations were lifted from Bor to Juba, South Sudan's capital. Chinese companies also evacuated workers as scores of people have been killed amid worsening violence in the world’s newest country., Pussy Riot Group Member Nadezhda Tolokonnikova is released from prison but is not backing down in her protest against the Russian government. She called her amnesty “window-dressing” by the Kremlin ahead of the Sochi Games, and urged European countries to consider an Olympic boycott., Oyster lovers watch out! Ocean acidification threatens the shellfish industry.
See more: http://bit.ly/1d1NlmR, What's the international reaction to China's expanding space program?
Watch here: http://bit.ly/1d1NB5j, Tonight on CCTV America
Almost 100,000 people took part in anti-government protests in #Ukraine's capital on Sunday. CCTV correspondent Stephanie Freid has the latest.
Watch at 7:00PM Eastern!, Typhoon Haiyan...Hurricane Sandy...the list goes on. What's behind the rise of extreme weather? Find out on The Heat, CCTV America﻿'s weekly talk and debate program. 
Watch here: http://bit.ly/19GSErn, ▶ What to expect from Facebook with move to S&P 500, Implications of U.S.-China trade deal, The danger faced by journalists in Mexico, Russian oil tycoon Khodorkovsky released from prison, Gunman opens fire in Manila, kills mayor of small town, Education innovation from one teacher in Mexico, On a special end of the year edition, Americas Now will revisit some of the most impacting 2013 news in Latin America. Tune in this Sunday at 7:30PM EST! 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R22KrQ6pRXw, TONIGHT on CCTV America:

Mikhail Khodorkovsky, once Russia's richest man and fierce critic of the Kremlin, was released from jail Friday, following a decree by Russian President Vladimir Putin. Join us for the latest from #Russia and much more. Tune in starting 7:00 P.M EST!, As incoming president Michelle Bachelet prepares for her second presidential term, students activists are also organizing to fight for their rights. Dan Collyns has more details on this report. Take a look. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHmbNrIHtuY&feature=c4-overview&list=UUj7wKsOBhRD9Jy4yahkMRMw, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi visits the Western Wall, Judaism's holiest prayer site, in #Jerusalem's Old City on December 20, 2013., People watch on a large screen the launch in China of the Tupac Katari Bolivian telecommunications satellite, at Plaza Murillo in La Paz, on December 20, 2013. The satellite, which is expected to be operational in March 2014, has cost $300 million and has been 85 percent financed by a loan from the Chinese Development Bank. #China #Bolivia, A victory for sex workers.  Canada's Supreme Court struck down the country's anti-prostitution laws that banned brothels, street solicitation and making a living from #prostitution. 
#YourSay: What’s the best way for countries to deal with prostitution? 
Comment with #YourSay below.  We may use your comment on air., Photos from out CCTVNews partners , According to new statistics, the number of #deportations from the  United States decreased this year for the first time since President Obama came into office. However, deportations continue at the highest rate in history., As companies begin investing in Myanmar, what hope is there for the historical city of Bagan? http://bit.ly/1c4Pv50, In an essay published Friday in #Cuba,  Fidel Castro broke the silence and congratulated his brother for his “steadfastness and dignity, when, with a friendly but firm gesture, he greeted the head of the U.S. government and told him in English, ‘Mr. President, I’m Castro.’”, Brazilian authorities decided to award Swedish company #SAAB a contract for the purchase of 36 fighter jets to modernize its air force fleet. The negotiations with the U.S. were reportedly tense following revelations of U.S. spying on Brazil, while the Rafale jets were considered too expensive., This week marks two years since U.S. troops withdrew completely from Iraq. It was a controversial war from the start, an invasion based on faulty intelligence, followed by a bloody insurgency and now the chaos of sectarian war. Michael O'Hanlon, director of research for the Foreign Policy program at the Brookings Institution, says the situation in Iraq is now nearing a state of war., It took a jury just 90 minutes to deliver a guilty verdict to two defendants, Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale, who were convicted of murdering British soldier Lee Rigby in May. The brutal attack was recorded by witnesses and closed-circuit TV. One of the defendants saying the murder was in retaliation for British soldiers killing Muslims. The pair will be sentenced early next year., Tonight on CCTV America, we’ll bring you the latest on Russian President Vladimir Putin announcing he plans to release long-jailed political opponent Mikhail Khodorkovsky. A live report from Bangkok as protests ramping back up in Thailand. Check your local listings to find CCTV America and keep up with the latest from our producers and correspondents in the U.S. on Twitter @CCTV_America, President Xi Jinping and visiting #Bolivian President Juan Evo Morales Ayma agreed in their talks at the Great Hall of the People that the two countries should keep up high-level engagements; strengthen communication between governments, legislatures and political parties; share experience on state governing; and continue to support each other on major issues involving each other's core interests., VaporCorp CEO Kevin Frija appeared on BizAsiaAmerica last night to discuss the future of tobacco and e-cigarettes. http://bit.ly/1c4Pmys, A theater in central London partially collapsed Thursday night during a performance at the height of the Christmas season.  It wasn't immediately clear if the roof, ceiling or balcony collapsed at the Apollo Theatre during a performance of "The Curious Incident Of The Dog In The Nighttime.", #YourSay: President Barack Obama is nominating six-term Sen. Max Baucus to be the next U.S. ambassador to China.  
What do you think should be the top priority for a new US ambassador to China?  Comment with #YourSay below., On Thursday, Russian President Vladimir Putin made a bold statement about Obama’s spying program. He said: “I envy him, because he can get away with it.”
In light of #Putin's statement, how do you think the international community perceives #Obama and the NSA spying program revealed by Edward #Snowden?, Former #NBA star #DennisRodman arrived in #NorthKorea on Thursday. State news agency footage shows him laughing it up with North Korean officials. 
Do you think Rodman’s visit will help or harm U.S.-North Korea relations?, Did you use a credit card while shopping at #Target between 11/27 & 12/15? Check your account for unusual activity. Target says that about 40 million credit & debit card accounts may have been affected by a data breach. The stolen data includes customer names, credit & debit card numbers, card expiration dates & the 3-digit security codes located on the backs of cards., China is the world's largest consumer and producer of tobacco. Now the government is considering taking drastic steps to limit smoking's impact on public health, which may mean enforcing a nationwide smoking ban in public areas by next year. Yet, there are challenges implementing such a ban., An amusement park in the Republic of Korea held a unique holiday parade on Wednesday. A family of penguins waddled along dressed up as Christmas trees, reindeer and Santa Claus. One penguin trainer was carrying a fox, who was even dressed up for the occasion. The penguin parade will delight crowds at the park with their holiday cheer until the end of the year., Former U.S. basketball star Dennis Rodman is returning to the DPRK for a third visit. Rodman arrived in Beijing Tuesday and will travel to #DPRK on Thursday to train the country's basketball players through December 23rd. His travel plans appear unaffected by the execution of leader Kim Jong Un's uncle last week., Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi is in #Jerusalem to begin three days of meetings with #Israeli and #Palestinian leaders before continuing his tour of the Middle East, the first visit by such a senior Chinese official since 2009. The soaring trade relations between Israeli and China have grown in the past 20 years from $50 million to more than $8 billion a year., U.S. President Barack Obama has announced that Vice President Biden and the First Lady will not attend the Winter Olympics in #Sochi, Russia. Instead, the U.S. is sending two openly gay athletes as part of the delegation. Tennis great Billie Jean King & Olympic hockey star Caitlin Cahow will attend in what appears to be a response to Russia's law banning gay quote "propaganda.", Read the full #NSA #surveillance report here: http://bit.ly/18SlfGf
The review board's proposals address the government's ability to collect intelligence both in the United States and overseas., Tonight on CCTV America, we’ll bring you the latest on the tensions flaring between the U.S. and India after a top Indian official was arrested and allegedly strip-searched in New York. And in an apparent response to Russia's laws against "gay propaganda", the United States names its delegation to the 2014 Winter Olympics with two prominent openly gay athletes. 
Check your local listings to find CCTV America and keep up with the latest from our producers and correspondents in the U.S. on Twitter @CCTV_America, BREAKING: U.S. Senator Max Baucus from #Montana is nominated as the new Ambassador to #China according to Politico., President Obama has announced he, V.P. Biden and the First Lady will not attend the Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia.  Instead the United States is sending two openly gay athletes as part of the delegation.  Tennis great Billie Jean King & Olympic hockey star Caitlin Cahow will attend in what appears to be a response to Russia’s law banning gay “propaganda.”  
What’s #YourSay about the message the U.S. is sending with its choice of representatives?  Comment below., Do these doctors in #China deserve a round of applause for a creative surgery to save a worker's hand after it was accidentally cut off?
#Doctors temporarily re-attached it to an area around his ankle and calf so the rest of arm could heal. After a month, a second #surgery re-attached the hand into its proper place. The lead doctor believes about 20 such operations have been successful in China., Ben Bernanke's tenure as the Chairman of the U.S. Federal Reserve is winding down. He presided over the 2008 financial crisis and its aftermath. Bernanke is expected to hold his final official press conference this week。, null, Tonight on CCTV America, we’ll bring you the latest on Japan's newly-unveiled sweeping defense upgrade that includes its first surveillance drones. Also, we’ll take a look at the mounting diplomatic tensions between India and the U.S. over an arrest in NYC.  
Check your local listings to find CCTV America and keep up with the latest from our producers and correspondents in the U.S. on Twitter CCTV America, India launched a series of reprisals against the US over a diplomat's arrest in New York, including pulling identity cards for American consular officials in the country, foreign ministry sources said. Indian security forces removed police barricades from streets near the US embassy in the capital., Senior officials in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (#DPRK) vowed Tuesday to faithfully follow top leader Kim Jong Un as they marked the second death anniversary of his father and previous leader Kim Jong Il., China's #Guangzhou Evergrande FC players faced Germany's Bayern #Munich in a semifinal at the #FIFA Club World Cup on Dec. 17. Bayern Munich closed in on its fifth trophy of 2013 by brushing aside Guangzhou Evergrande 3-0 Tuesday to reach the final. This year's competition is being staged in Morocco from December 11-21, with games being played in Agadir and Marrakesh., Recent developments in the East China Sea have created disputes over the air defense identification zone. Today, Japan announced plans for a large defense initiative and a revised national security strategy. 
How concerned are you about the build-up of the Japanese military?, With Mandela gone, what challenges remain for South Africa?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R30ZGCSdMsE, Former National Security Agency contractor #EdwardSnowden has offered to help with a Brazilian investigation into the #NSA surveillance program that he leaked last year, according to a letter published in a local Brazilian newspaper on Tuesday. Snowden currently lives in Russia under a temporary asylum that will expire in August., #Russian and Ukrainian officials have signed a series of agreements to promote trade and industrial cooperation between the ex-Soviet neighbors. Meanwhile, anti-government protesters in #Ukraine fear that the talks could sway the country in the wrong direction.

How do you think these talks could impact Ukraine's future?, Since the mass #shooting at #Columbine High School in the U.S. state of Colorado in 1999, many school districts have allocated multi-million-dollar budgets to #school #security. 
A similar shooting this time last year in #Newtown, Connecticut spurred a new round of spending, making "school security" a fast-growing industry. 
What do you think about this? #yoursay #gunviolence, Tonight on CCTV America, we’ll bring you the latest on the ruling from a U.S. federal judge on a portion of the NSA surveillance program. Also, we’ll take a look at some of the challenges that lie ahead as South Africa now faces a future without Nelson Mandela. 
Check your local listings to find CCTV America and keep up with the latest from our producers and correspondents in the U.S. on Twitter @CCTV_America
, An official with the National Security Agency says it’s “worth having a conversation about” granting amnesty to Edward Snowden in exchange for the security of unreleased data. 

What’s #YourSay? Do you think the U.S. should consider an amnesty deal with Snowden ?, Fifty-five inmates escaped from an #Ecuador prison on Sunday, calling attention to the country's under-resourced prison system and alleged official corruption., Take a look at rare items belonging to Nelson Mandela from the foundation that is preserving his legacy:  http://bit.ly/J0kHqN, Nelson Mandela accomplished many things in his lifetime. After bringing down apartheid, he made it possible for mixed-race couples to marry in South Africa.
What do you think was Nelson Mandela's greatest accomplishment?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vu723hlib8Y, Some say the Hollywood studio system was modeled after The Ballet Russes. Who are they? Take a look: http://bit.ly/1bU6kQ6, Have you seen it? Here's video of China's successful lunar landing. The Chang'e 3 probe landed on the moon on Saturday 12/14, setting down a lunar rover called the "Jade Rabbit".  The rover will dig and conduct geological surveys., #Apple Inc. and the world’s biggest phone carrier, China Mobile Ltd., might be close to a deal. If the two reach an agreement, it would likely be a major boost to iPhone sales in #China.

How do you think a deal will impact the cell phone market?, How is the world reacting to China's "Yutu" rover landing on the moon? Anchor Susan Roberts asks G. Ryan Faith from the Space Foundation: http://bit.ly/JpbFnV, #MandelaStateFuneral
At Nelson #Mandela’s burial site, Bishop Siwa delivered a graveside sermon. Helicopters bearing the South African flag flew past., Smile! #China's 1st moon rover & lander took photos of each other on the #moon's surface, a move that marks a complete success of the country's Chang'e-3 lunar probe mission and first time in history to have a China's flag photographed on the moon. China plans to launch lunar probe Chang'e-5 in 2017., #MandelaStateFuneral
A marching platoon of the presidential guard, wearing green ceremonial uniforms and carrying rifles with fixed bayonets, escorted Nelson Mandela’s coffin to the burial site., Chinese President Xi Jinping on Sunday night congratulated the Chang'e-3 lunar probe completing the country's first soft-landing on the moon. The moon rover #Yutu, or Jade Rabbit, and the lander took pictures of each other on Sunday night, confirming the mission's success. Xi, along with Premier Li Keqiang and other senior officials, watched the live broadcast of the move at Beijing's Aerospace Control Center (BACC)., #MandelaStateFuneral
The ceremony was held in a marquee in the small, Eastern cape village of Qunu, where #Mandela spent much of his childhood (and where he returned after prison).  
A military guard of honor carried Mandela’s coffin -- wrapped in the South African flag -- outside to the burial site.
Stay tuned to CCTV America for more!, null, In response to the #Metro-North Railroad commuter train derailment in New York City on Dec. 1, railroads across the country are preparing to deploy high-tech control systems that will let computers automatically slow trains that are speeding or headed for a collision.
Tell us what you think! Is enough being done for public transportation safety?, Photos from our CCTV Africa partners., China's lunar probe Chang'e-3, with the country's first moon rover onboard, landed on the #moon on Saturday night. #yutu
CCTV NEWS LIVE: http://english.cntv.cn/live/p2p/index.shtml, BREAKING NEWS: China's lunar probe Chang'e-3, with the country's first moon rover onboard, has just landed on the moon, marking the first time that China has sent a spacecraft to soft land on the surface of an extraterrestrial body. 
CCTV NEWS LIVE: http://english.cntv.cn/live/p2p/index.shtml, Han Geng shares experience at NASA space camp

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OobJAtBjpcUhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OobJAtBjpcU, The rise and fall of #DPRK official Jang Song-thaek, A drone strike killed 17 people in #Yemen Thursday. The strike, on what turned out to be a wedding convoy, is adding fuel to the fire in the U.S. drone war debate.

What do you think? Do you support the use of drones in the war on terror?, A Santa Claus gestures in front of the podium after China's Li Shuang won the #snowboard #FIS World Cup in women's halfpipe in Ruka, Kuusamo Finland on December 13, 2013. New Zealand's Rebecca Sinclair came second and France's Clemence Grimal was third., #Asiana Flight 214 crash: Who or what is to blame?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-eOouE4LjY, The DPRK has executed Kim Jong Un's uncle, Jang Song-Thaek (L), condemning him as “worse than a dog” and "despicable human scum.”, Mourners in South Africa became outraged when they were barred entry to the Union Building to pay tribute to Nelson #Mandela. 

What do you think? Did the South African government make the right decision?, Jang Song-thaek, deposed senior official of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), has been sentenced to death and executed after the Special Military Tribunal found him guilty of treason, the official news agency KCNA reported., Chinese star and former 슈퍼주니어(Super Junior) Super Junior member Han Geng (Hankyung) just finished his competition for a chance to go into space. Wonder what it takes to win? Here is the exclusive interview with CCTV America, in which he shares the passion and endeavor to do well in different types of training, especially G-Force training., null, Chinese star and former 슈퍼주니어(Super Junior) member Han Geng (Hankyung) is at a special space training program at National Aeronautics and Space Administration - NASA in Florida. In an exclusive interview with CCTV America, he shares the passion and endeavor to try one's best for a space trip, as well as a typical Chinese dream. Stay tuned for the exclusive video., null, Follow CCTV America's Anand Naidoo as he reports from South Africa and Nelson Mandela 's funeral.   This photo shows some of Mandela's personal papers shown exclusively to CCTV today. @anandnaidoo on Twitter., BREAKING: DPRK state media announced on Thursday that Kim Jong Un's ousted uncle Jang Song Thaek was executed right after a special military tribunal of the DPRK Ministry of State Security was held on December 12 against him for "anti-party and counter- revolutionary crime.", Dear CCTV America Viewers, 
We're currently updating our systems to improve our coverage! We will be back on-air Dec. 14, 2013 @ 7PM U.S. Eastern. 
Thanks for your support.  


http://bit.ly/1j0Lt30, First woman CEO in car industry:  http://bit.ly/1j0DWkF, This Sunday on Americas Now we examine “Corruption in Peru.”   As the country prepares for more red-hot economic growth, one watchdog group says it suffers from a  “serious corruption problem.” 
With an endless list of corruption trials, some wonder if a fraudulent #Peru will derail the country’s economic development. Watch Sunday at 7PM EST., In a heated debate over energy reform in #Mexico, a member of the Lower House spoke semi-naked in protest. Lawmakers are debating whether or not to open up Mexico’s state-run oil industry to private investment., Close call!
Two #British tourists escaped unscathed Thursday after a grenade hurled at their van failed to explode in Mombasa, #Kenya. Footage shows bomb experts detonating the explosive in a safe location. 
Thursday, Dec 12 marks the 50th anniversary of Kenya's independence from Great Britain., In a major blow to #India's homosexual community, the country's Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday that #gay sex between consenting adults would continue to be a criminal offence. Gay rights activists have expressed shock over the Supreme Court's ruling and claimed that the onus is now on the Indian Parliament to legislate on homosexuality and repeal Section 377., #Google said its data centers in Taiwan and Singapore have gone online to cater to the growing number of #Internet users in Asian countries like #India and #China. The Internet giant said in 2011 that Hong Kong was also one of the data center locations, but has since reportedly backed out citing the inability to scale its operations there., #Ukrainian riot police appeared to pull back after moving into Kiev's Independence Square early Wednesday, where protesters were demonstrating for European integration. Hundreds of police officers confronted protesters who had been there over a week as they tried to dismantle the barricades and tents that the protesters set up on the square, known as the Maidan in #Kiev., #Uruguay becomes first country to legalize #Marijuana trade on Dec. 10th. Check out #YourSay on the issue of legalizing marijuana., The holiday season is here and with that comes a large increase in air travel.  Earlier this year, Asiana flight 214 crashed landed in San Francisco killing three Chinese student passengers. 
What’s #YourSay?  How safe do you feel flying in your country this holiday season?  Your answers could be in tonight's broadcast!, Last night on CCTV America's #INSIGHT, Nina Edwards gave us an in depth look at how much access children, especially girls, really have to education around the world.  What do you think could be done to prevent further anti-education attacks like the one against Malala Yousafzai?, The sign language interpreter used at Tuesday's memorial service for Nelson Mandela has been called a "fake" by the Deaf Federation of South Africa.  Did you watch the memorial?  Did anything look fishy to you?, BREAKING: #Uruguay becomes first country to legalize #Marijuana trade., China is one of the countries trying to introduce major reforms to its #pension system. Hu Xiaoyi, Vice-Minister of Human Resources and Social Security, said during an exclusive interview with #CCTV that China will gradually extend the #retirement age, to make the #welfare system more sustainable., By focusing on Malala's story, it's easy to lose sight of the fact that she is not alone. According to Save the Children, there were 3600 documented attacks on #education and #students around the world last year. And "girls" are often the target of these attacks. #malala, China's Vice President Li Yuanchao shakes hands with U.S. President Barack Obama during South African former president Nelson Mandela's memorial service in Johannesburg. Li expressed deep condolences and paid high tribute to former South African President Nelson Mandela, saying Chinese will always cherish Mandela's contribution to #China-South Africa relations., null, Marijuana legal to smoke, grow and buy? That’s what Uruguay is considering. In Colorado, recreational marijuana can be sold legally on January 1st.
What’s #YourSay? Should marijuana be legal?
Your answers could be in tonight's broadcast!, DID YOU SEE IT? British P.M. David Cameron, Denmark's P.M Helle Thorning Schmidt and U.S. Pres. Barack Obama taking a #selfie during the memorial service of South African former president Nelson Mandela. Your comments?, Obama speaks at Nelson Mandela memorial  
http://bit.ly/1iTjWAE, President Barack Obama shook hands with Cuban President Raul Castro at a memorial service for Nelson #Mandela. What do you make of this simple gesture? Just a greeting between men or does it have broader meaning for relations between the U.S. and #Cuba? SHARE your comments., Photo gallery from our CCTV Africa partners' coverage of Mandela's memorial. , In case you missed our special program last night. Here is the second part of "Tipping Point", an in-depth look to #Brazil's fast economic growth and implications. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNYzVp0_0TE, As world leaders and thousands of mourners are expected in Johannesburg for the celebration of Mandela's life, preparations for this historic ceremony are underway. CCTV America will have the latest updates from #SouthAfrica  and much more.  Tune in at 7:00 P.M EST!, Give us #YourSay for tonight's broadcast!
What do you admire the most about #NelsonMandela?, Missed "Tipping Point" on last night's broadcast? Catch up on CCTV America's trip to the Amazon.
Watch it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfqQ3Hcw2G8, North Korea confirms Kim Jong Un’s uncle being removed from power. Footage from North Korea’s KCTV shows Jang Song Thaek being dragged out from his chair by two police officials during a meeting in Pyongyang. #DPRK, A violent end to the Brazilian football league season on Sunday.  3 people were seriously injured after a fight broke out between fans. The match was stopped for an hour, but did resume.  Have you ever had experience with unruly fans at a sporting event? #Brazil #soccer, In response to the ongoing data security scandal in the U.S., #Google, #Facebook, and other major tech companies have issued an open letter to President Barack #Obama calling for tighter controls on government surveillance., In Singapore’s first riot in 44 years, almost 400 people set fire to vehicles and clashed with police on Sunday. The riot started after a foreign worker was hit and killed by a bus.
See this video for more:, Maya Angelou, prize-winning poet and author, shares her memories of Nelson Mandela. 
http://bit.ly/18hkrQn, Anchor Anand Naidoo asks Sello Hatang from the Nelson Mandela Foundation about the South African leader's life and legacy.
http://bit.ly/18hlobj, Mandela's remarkable spirit 
http://bit.ly/IL4424, Tonight on CCTV America, "Tipping Point" explores the cost of Brazil's economic progress on the Amazon rainforest. Also, we'll report on the anti-government demonstrations in Ukraine.
Check your local listings to find CCTV America and keep up with the latest from our producers and correspondents in the U.S. on Twitter @CCTV_America, The impact of child care costs on jobs and economy, Be sure to catch "Tipping Point," CCTV America's new documentary about the Amazon rainforest. Will Brazil's rapid economic growth be at the expense of the Amazon?

Tonight at 7PM Eastern!
bit.ly/1chrcx4, World Cup costs expected to be sky-high, ▶ Mandela's revival of South Africa's ailing economy remembered http://bit.ly/18fCt5l, #UN inspectors visited an #Iranian plant on Sunday. This follows an offer by Tehran to allow the international community more access to the country’s disputed nuclear program., ▶ United States reacts to the death of Nelson Mandela, China pays tribute to Nelson Mandela, U.S. civil rights leaders honor Mandela's legacy, Former U.S. Ambassador to South Africa, James Joseph, on Mandela  http://bit.ly/1eY5bGQ, Mike Walter prepares to discuss the legacy of Nelson Mandela with Ebrahim Rasool, South Africa's Ambassador to the U.S.

Watch the full interview here: http://youtu.be/HR6F1ilwTh0, Our CCTV Africa partners have compiled this blog profiling Nelson Mandela and the latest news as it develops. http://cctvafrica.cctv-news.net/?p=804, null, BREAKING NEWS: WTO's Bali Ministerial Conference achieves breakthrough. The global trade body reached consensus on the first major trade pact on agriculture, trade facilitation and development issues since WTO came into being in 1994. The deal comes at at critical time when the world's confidence on this organization has been challenged as a result of the impasse on the Doha round of trade negotiations., Brazil, South America's largest nation, is home to the world's largest tropical rain forest.  The Amazon River Basin holds 20% of the world's freshwater and produces 20% of its oxygen. It plays a major role in stabilizing the earth's ecosystem.  But that balance is shifting.  Production and profit for a fast growing economy jeopardizes the preservation of Amazonia. This Sunday CCTV America explores whether the #Amazon can survive Brazil's rapid economic growth.

Here are some behind the scenes snapshots. Check it out!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7l6pjJSV1tM, The United Nations reacts to #NelsonMandela's death 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUJ3nKvBsWU, Which group is your beloved team in #2014 #WorldCup Which  are groups of #death? Check out the drawing results. #FIFA, Share #YourSay: What did #NelsonMandela’s life and legacy mean to you? We may use your comments on air. #Madiba #RIP #Mandela, The #WorldCupdraw started with a tribute to Nelson Mandela. Now the drawing results are out. Which groups you think are those of Death?
Group A: Brazil, Croatia, Mexico, Cameroon
Group B: Spain, Netherlands, Chile, Australia
Group C: Colombia, Greece, Ivory, Coast Japan
Group D: Uruguay, Costa Rica, England, Italy
Group E: Switzerland, Ecuador, France, Honduras
Group F: Argentina, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Iran, Nigeria
Group G: Germany, Portugal, Ghana, USA
Group H: Belgium, Algeria, Russia, South Korea, Remembering the life and legacy of Nelson Mandela, UPDATE: South Africa's President Jacob Zuma announced that Nelson Mandela will be accorded a state funeral on December 15.
Flowers left by mourners lie in front of a statue of Nelson Mandela in #Johannesburg on December 6, 2013. Mandela, the revered icon of the anti-apartheid struggle in South Africa and one of the towering political figures of the 20th century, has died on December 5 aged 95., Chinese President Xi Jinping on Friday expressed deep grief over the passing of Mandela, referred as an old friend of Chinese people. 
In a message of condolences to South African President Zuma, Xi said the Chinese people will always remember Mandela's extraordinary contribution to the development of bilateral relations and the cause of human progress. #China established formal ties with South Africa at the beginning of 1998. Mandela paid a state visit to China in May 1999., Reflections of CCTV America's Anand Naidoo of covering #Mandela's release and meeting him years later. #Madiba  @anandnaidoo, R.I.P Nelson Mandela.
CCTV America news team did a special coverage on the passing of this legendary leader and Nobel Peace Prize winner. You can watch it live on http://english.cntv.cn/live/, null, CCTV America news team went over the rundown for 7PM special coverage on passing of Nelson #Mandela., Defining moment: Nelson Mandela and F.W. de Klerk received Nobel Peace Prize in 1993 for their work in negotiating an end to apartheid. Mandela said in his speech, "Let it never be said by future generations that indifference, cynicism or selfishness made us fail to live up to the ideals of humanism which the Nobel Peace Prize encapsulates.", On Feb. 11, 1990, Nelson Mandela walked out of South Africa’s Victor Verster prison after 27 years in captivity, holding hands with his wife, Winnie. “As I finally walked through those gates to enter a car on the other side, I felt – even at the age of seventy-one – that my life was beginning anew.”, President Obama praised Nelson Mandela at White House within an hour of the announcement of Mandela's death, saying the former South African leader symbolized the fight for freedom and dignity throughout the world. "He achieved more than can be expected of any one man," Obama said. #Mandela #Obama, Nelson Mandela was sentenced to life in prison in 1964 after he was charged with sabotage during in his fight against #apartheid. He spent 27 years in captivity. He was released Feb. 11, 1990.  On May 10, 1994, Mandela was inaugurated as South Africa's first black president., BREAKING: South African President Jacob Zuma announced former President Nelson Mandela passed away today. The legendary leader and Nobel Peace Prize winner was 95 and had been suffering from a recurring lung infection. #Mandela #apartheid #southafrica, South African President Jacob Zuma's announcement that former President Nelson Mandela has died. The legendary leader and Nobel Peace Prize winner was 95 and had been suffering from a recurring lung infection. #Mandela #apartheid #southafrica, President Obama praised Nelson Mandela at White House within an hour of the announcement of Mandela's death, saying the former South African leader symbolized the fight for freedom and dignity throughout the world. "He achieved more than can be expected of any one man.", Give us YourSay!
With 64 games spread over 12 cities, the 2014 #World #Cup brings together 32 teams to compete on the world stage. 
What do you expect from the 2014 World Cup?
#YourSay, Tonight on CCTV America, soccer icon Pelè addresses questions about Brazil's preparations for the World Cup.  What impact will the construction delays have on the upcoming games?, On Thursday, fast-food workers in 130 U.S. cities will go on #strike to demand higher wages. The strike is a follow-up to a protest last year., Watch: Beached #whales in Everglades National Park, #Florida. http://bit.ly/1gajbBb, U.S. Vice President Joe Biden visited one of #Beijing’s oldest neighborhoods on the final day of his #China trip. Biden  went shopping and visited a traditional tea house. Check out this video for more., The Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree is lit December 4, 2013 in New York.
Happy Holidays from CCTV America!
SHARE this cheerful picture and LIKE our page. Thank you., @CCTV_America would like to remind you it would be safer to reset your passwords for Facebook, Gmail and Twitter as nearly 2 million of them reported stolen in a recent massive #hacking, which started secretly collecting passwords on Oct. 21 and might be ongoing. Several other similar servers haven't yet been tracked down, said the cyber security firm Trustwave., French lawmakers voted Wednesday to make 'paying for sex' illegal, a move toward criminalizing the use of prostitutes. The bill passed the National Assembly 268 votes to 138, with 79 abstaining. The bill must be approved by the Senate and president before it becomes law, which could take several months. The measure would impose fines of at least 1,500 euros (about $2,000) on people caught paying for sex.
#Prostitution is currently legal in #France for both the prostitute and the client., Interested in #British PM David Cameron's plan to sell British goods in China? What does he think about the idea that China’s economic rise a threat to other economies around the world? 
Watch CCTV America's exclusive interview with him 7 PM EST  tonight., null, National Aeronautics and Space Administration - NASA has reported that “faint signatures of water” have been found in the atmospheres of five planets outside our solar system, marking a further development in the search for planets capable of supporting alien life.
This illustration shows a star's light illuminating the atmosphere of a planet.
Image Credit: NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center, With Joe Biden's trip to Asia happening amid tensions over China's declaration of an air defense zone along its coast, how do you see U.S.-China relations? Give us #YourSay and your answers may be read on air., Watch: video of first commercial satellite launch by SpaceX via its Falcon 9 rocket, marking the company’s entrance into a $190 billion per year industry. The commercial spaceflight enterprise needs 3 successful launches of the Falcon 9 for eligibility to compete with Boeing and Lockheed Martin to carry the U.S. military’s largest satellites., U.S. Vice President Joe Biden spoke to Chinese visa applicants at the American embassy in Beijing on his latest stop in Asia. He stressed the significance to the U.S. of having a steady and diverse flow of immigrants bringing new ideas and innovations, and encouraged them to "challenge the status quo.", BREAKING NEWS: A truck containing potentially "extremely dangerous" radioactive material has been stolen in Mexico's northern city of Tijuana, the UN atomic watchdog said.

The International Atomic Energy Agency said on Wednesday that the vehicle was transporting cobalt-60 from a hospital to a radioactive waste storage centre when it was stolen.
"The Mexican authorities are currently conducting a search for the source and have issued a press release to alert the public," the IAEA said in a statement., null, Tonight on CCTV America, we'll report on the intelligence indicating North Korean leader Kim Jong Un's powerful uncle 'dismissed as two aides executed'. And don't miss our team coverage on U.S. Vice President voicing strong opposition to China's new air defense zone above disputed islands. Check your local listings to find CCTV America and keep up with the latest from our producers and correspondents in the U.S. on Twitter @cctv_america, Familiar with Chinese #zodiacs? 2014 is the Year of the Horse, which starts from Jan. 31, 2014 (the Lunar New Year / Spring Festival of China) and lasts to Feb. 18, 2015. Take a look at "Year of the Horse" one dollar bill issued by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing.

Have any friends from the Year of the Horse?
Years of the Horse
02/11/1918-01/31/1919
01/30/1930-02/16/1931
02/15/1942-02/04/1943
02/03/1954-01/23/1955
01/21/1966-02/08/1967
02/07/1978-01/27/1979
01/27/1990-02/14/1991
02/12/2002-01/31/2003, China's lunar mission is divided into three stages: orbiting, landing, and return. Following is the timeline of China's lunar mission development., A global assessment of 65 countries revealed that students from East Asia ranked highest while U.S. students lagged behind, ranking at 36. Why do you think students in Asia continue to outperform their U.S. counterparts? Give us #YourSay, Researchers in Hawaii discovered the underwater remains of a WWII-era Japanese I-400 submarine, one of the largest and most advanced vessels of its kind before the nuclear era., Police in Iceland shot a man dead after responding to reports that he was firing a shotgun in his apartment. It was the country's first ever incident of someone being killed in an armed police operation., Sales for personal computers are estimated to fall by as much as 10% this year. At this point are you more likely to purchase a personal computer or tablet?, Panda cub has a name, In case you missed it. Here is America's now last episode. Correspondent Stephen Gibbs explore the mythical Easter Island. Check it out!, Filipino boxer #MannyPacquiao meets with #typhoon victims and delivers aid. More details at 7:00 P.M. tonight. TUNE IN!, In the wake of the deadly train crash in the Bronx, do you feel safer with a human or a machine operating public transportation? 
#YourSay, #Cyber #Monday should be the busiest day of the year for online shopping. According to the National Retail Federation, a trade group, more than 131 million people are expected to shop online - up about 2 percent from last year.
What do you plan to buy on Cyber Monday?, World AIDS Day 2013:
In Siliguri, #India volunteers and members of the West Bengal Voluntary Health Association (WBVHA) light candles in the shape of a red ribbon for the closing ceremony of an #AIDS awareness campaign., In the #Ukrainian capital, #Kiev, demonstrators are blockading government buildings. It is part of a campaign to force the current government out of power; the political unrest began in November when President Viktor Yanukovych refused to sign a deal ensuring closer #EU ties., China has successfully launched its Chang'e-3 lunar probe to the moon from the Xichang satellite Launch Center in southwestern China. It is the first time a Chinese spacecraft will land on the surface of an extraterrestrial body, and first time a rover will land on the moon in four decades., Missed the launch of China's Chang'e-3 lunar probe? 
Watch it here: ow.ly/rldZm, China's lunar probe Chang'e-3 has entered the earth-moon transfer orbit after it separated from the carrier rocket, space authorities announced Monday., The new baby panda born in the #U.S. has turned 100-days old and been gifted with a name: Bao Bao. Both the first ladies of #China and the U.S. sent the little cub birthday wishes., What do you think about #Amazon's flying delivery vehicle? The company revealed it is in development and the goal is "to get packages into customers' hands in 30 minutes or less." Check out this video of a test flight. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98BIu9dpwHU, Tonight on CCTV America, we'll report on the NYC train derailment and the launch of China's Chang'e-3 lunar probe.
Check your local listings to find CCTV America  and keep up with the latest from our producers and correspondents in the U.S. on Twitter @CCTV_America
, Sunday, Dec. 1 marks World AIDS Day. To hear from leading experts on the fight against AIDS, be sure to check out The Heat, CCTV America's comprehensive talk and debate program that airs Saturdays at 7:30 pm Eastern.
Watch it here:   http://bit.ly/1cTTaAF, It's official: the #SmithsonianPanda cub's name is BAO BAO! Bao Bao means “treasure” or “precious."  Bao Bao will make her public debut in early January 2014. First Lady @MichelleObama & First Lady of the People’s Republic of China Peng Linyuan have sent video messages which will be on YouTube. 123,000+ votes cast., BREAKING: #China's Chang'e-3 lunar probe has separated from the launch vehicle and is on its way into the transfer orbit.
Watch CCTV News live coverage via http://english.cntv.cn/live/ — in China., BREAKING: Long March 3-B rocket carrying Chang'e-3 lunar probe lifts off from China's Xichang Satellite Launch Center. This is the first time for China to send a spacecraft to soft land on the surface of an extraterrestrial body and conduct surveys., UPDATE: 10 minutes countdown for #China's journey to the moon by launching Chang'e-3 lunar probe to the moon at 12:30 p.m. EST. today from Xichang Satellite Launch Center. Experts say weather is favorable for the launch period.
Watch CCTV live coverage via http://english.cntv.cn/live/
#yutu, UPDATE: 1 hour countdown for #China to launch its #Chang'e-3 lunar probe to the moon at 12:30 p.m. EST. today from Xichang Satellite Launch Center. Experts say weather is favorable for the launch period. 
Watch CCTV live coverage via http://english.cntv.cn/live/, UPDATE: Almost 2 hours left for China to launch its Chang'e-3 lunar probe to the moon at 12:30 p.m. EST. today from Xichang Satellite Launch Center. It will be the first time for China to send a spacecraft to soft land on the surface of an extraterrestrial body and conduct surveys. Tune in CCTV America for more updates!, Last night on CCTV America, John Holman went inside a Mexican police training center and showed us some of the methods used to fight crime.  

Watch it again here:, 8 killed after a police helicopter crashed into a pub in Glasgow, Scotland late Friday night.  Emergency responders are working to recover people still trapped in the rubble as of Saturday morning., Don't miss Americas Now next episode.  This Sunday starting at 7:30PM EST!, What a great way to celebrate #Thanksgiving., Cuban government bans 3D cinema. The government denounced the cinemas as spreading uncultured drivel to the young., China will launch its 1st lunar probe in early December and release Jade Rabbit, a six-wheeled lunar rover equipped with 4 cameras and 2 mechanical legs that can dig up soil samples.
Should mankind continue to expand their space exploration programs?  #Yoursay #yutu, Ever seen a giant fireball 300 feet in the air? Some Pettis County residents did after a gas pipeline exploded early Friday morning near Houstonia, Missouri. Luckily no one was injured. Watch this video from John Pahlow: http://bit.ly/1b8UYmD, A 5.6-magnitude earthquake has hit a town in southern Iran, killing seven people, but is said not to have damaged Iran’s only nuclear power plant, Bushehr., The first giant #panda cub bred in south China's Guangdong Province was presented to visitors at Chimelong Safari Park in the provincial city of Guangzhou Wednesday, 120 days after it was born., Attention #Sriracha chili sauce lovers, hot sauce maker is in a heated bitter legal battle against a Californian city for strong odors and health complaints. A judge ordered partial shutdown of its production. Do you like this source and what do you think of this #Sriracha controversy?, Hi everyone, tonight on CCTV America we'll be looking at Thanksgiving celebrations across the U.S. and the mounting tensions in East China Sea.
Check your local listings to find CCTV America and keep up with the latest from our producers and correspondents in the U.S. on Twitter @CCTV_America https://twitter.com/CCTV_America, About 80 people injured after Thursday midnight during a ferry accident near Hong Kong. The ferry hit an unidentified object in the sea, Hong Kong government spokesman said. 3 people were seriously injured, and all injured passengers had been rushed to hospitals., At least 8 people were killed and 45 others injured in the 5.7-magnitude earthquake that hit southern Iran on Thursday, semi-official ISNA news agency reported. A number of buildings in the area were damaged, said Hossein Derakhshan, the spokesman for the relief and rescue organization of Iran's Red Crescent Society, adding that telecommunication and power systems of some regions, disrupted by the earthquake, were restored., Iran has invited the UN atomic agency to visit its Arak heavy water plant, #IAEA's head Yukiya Amano says. The future of Iran's Arak heavy water IR-40 reactor is one of the key points in the interim nuclear deal #Tehran signed early November 24 in #Geneva with world powers., A Pakistani political party launched a full-throated attack on the CIA drone program on Wednesday by revealing what it said was the name of the #CIA's top spy in Pakistan and called for him to be tried for murder. In this picture, Pakistan's senior minister and lawmaker for Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Sirajul Haq gestured as he shouted slogans after handing over a memorandum to US consular official Christopher Allan Bacon outside the consulate in Peshawar on Nov. 25, 2013, to protest against US #drone strikes in #Pakistan., #YourSay
How would you resolve the air defense zone controversy surrounding the East China Sea?, This week Americas Now, uncovers a LOST paradise, FINDING itself. Correspondent Stephen Gibbs explores mythical Easter Island, a mysterious paradise in the Pacific. But beneath the beauty of Easter Island lies conflict. 
Tune in this Sunday at 7:30PM EST, December 1st!, A wave of attacks across Iraq has killed at least 29 people. (AP Photo/Nabil al-Jurani), Demonstrators cut off power and water supplies to the police headquarters in the capital of #Thailand on Thursday as anti-government protests continued unabated. Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra begged protesters to stop and negotiate an end to the nation's latest crisis., Japanese and South Korean military aircraft flew through disputed air space over the East China Sea without informing China, officials said Thursday. Tell us #YourSay: How would you resolve the air defense zone controversy?, #Sriracha chili sauce and #Pho lovers, a hot sauce maker is in heated bitter legal battle in CA for strong odors.
Three decades ago a #Chinese man born in #Vietnam but living in #America developed a taste of home by grinding chillies and garlic into a paste. Today he sells 60 million dollars worth of Sriracha hot sauce annually. But now owner David Tran and his company Huy Fong Foods are embroiled in a bitter legal battle with the city where the sauce is produced, over odor and health complaints. 
Tuesday, a judge ordered partial shutdown of its production. Do you like this source and what do you think of this #Sriracha controversy?, null, Hi everyone, tonight on CCTV America we'll be looking at China's reaction to the over-flight of U.S. bombers defying the newly established Air Defense Zone. And the new U.S. ambassador to Japan weighs in on the controversy.
We'll also go in-depth with #Insight on the chances for peace talks ending the Syrian civil war.
Check your local listings to find CCTV America and keep up with the latest from our producers and correspondents in the U.S. on Twitter @CCTV_America https://twitter.com/CCTV_America, #YourSay
What do you think of the US flying through China’s Air Defense Identification Zone?, In a letter made public on Monday, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has ordered the genome sequencing company 23andme to "immediately discontinue" marketing it's genetic screening service over concerns that inaccurate results could lead to public health consequences.  What role do you think genome sequencing should play in healthcare?, What do you think of Latvia's prime minister accepting responsibility for a supermarket roof collapse that killed 54 in his country? Valdis Dombrovskis resigned on Tuesday., China is preparing for the country's first soft landing on the moon with the rover "Yutu" to the lunar surface. China is also sending an optical telescope onto the #moon to observe space, which has not been done by other countries., Many countries in the region have reacted to the establishment of China’s East China Sea Air Defense Identification Zone. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang said on Monday that concerned countries had been explained why such a decision was necessary. Foreign aircraft need only to report information such as their nationalities and flight plans, and follow other relevant instructions after they enter the zone.
The aim is to better locate and identify flying objects in the zone. Since the United States established the first air defense identification zone in 1950, more than 20 countries and regions have set up such zones. #eastchinasea #diaoyu, Watch CCTV America with Mike Walter! 
Just a routine flight or a clear signal? Some analysts say U.S. B-52 bombers flying over a disputed area of the East China Sea indicates Washington is pushing back against what it considers Beijing aggression in the region. CCTV's Mike Walter talks U.S.- China relations with Ben Rhodes, Deputy National Security Adviser. 
Tune in tonight at 7:00PM Eastern!, #YourSay Do you think international military aid would help resolve the conflicts in Africa?

France's defense minister said on today that Paris would deploy about 1,000 soldiers to Central African Republic for six months to support an African #peacekeeping force., The U.S. flew two B-52 bombers over the disputed Diaoyu/Senkaku islands a day after China declared the region an 'air defense identification zone.' Japanese officials have condemned the new rules as invalid, and U.S. Pentagon officials stated that the move was part of normal operations in the region. The planes were unarmed., CCTV's Mike Walter talks U.S.- China relations with Ben Rhodes, Deputy National Security Advisor tonight on CCTV America at 7pm Eastern, Thai government opposition protesters rally at the occupied Finance Ministry in Bangkok, one of several ministries occupied on November 26 in a bid to topple Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra from power. Lawmakers are debating a motion to unseat Yingluck's government that will go to vote Thursday, as mass demonstrations have brought tensions to critical levels., ▶ New president in Honduras has many challenges to face, ▶ Iran nuclear deal a 'historic first step' - YouTube, This week Americas Now, uncovers a LOST paradise, FINDING itself!   
Correspondent Stephen Gibbs explores mythical Easter Island, a mysterious paradise in the Pacific. But beneath the beauty of Easter Island lies conflict.

Tune in this Sunday at 7:30PM EST!, A long-standing tradition continues 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJp07DXxqYk, SHARE #YourSay in the comments below: A #WHO global review of #violence against #women reveals about 1/3 of women worldwide have been physically or sexually assaulted by a former or current partner. Nearly 40% of women killed worldwide were slain by an intimate partner. 
What can be done to protect women against abuse?, Hopes of #Hondurans on Election Day, Check out "Comet ISON time lapse, Nov. 11, 2013" on Vimeo http://t.co/wkl6EWl6xH #Vimeo #cometison #timelapse, Breaking: 
U.S. President Barack #Obama has arrived in San Francisco to talk about #immigration reform., SHARE #YourSay in the comments below: A #WHO global review of #violence against #women reveals about 1/3 of women worldwide have been physically or sexually assaulted by a former or current partner. Nearly 40% of women killed worldwide were slain by an intimate partner.  
What can be done to protect women against abuse?, Chinese Defense Ministry slams Japan over the #EastChinaSea Air Defense Identification Zone & urges US to be neutral. http://t.co/WYdrDU6zzI, Check out this story from @CCTVAmericasNOW: The Cuban spy http://t.co/C7FKgO6fWC, International reaction to the #Iran nuclear deal http://t.co/ZkGuzP9iOf, NASA is watching the #ISON comet as it nears a close encounter with the sun on Thanksgiving Day. http://t.co/OMInRIOL0f, In #Honduras With just over half the ballots tallied by late Sunday, Juan Orlando Hernandez of the governing National Party had just over 34 percent of the votes, giving him the edge over Xiomara Castro, who had almost 29 percent., #Breaking Protesters are marching in #Bangkok against Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra's  government. #Thailand, Reaction continues to the agreement reached between world powers and #Iran over its nuclear program. How hopeful are you this first step will lead to a long term solution?  
PHOTO: Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and US Secretary of State John Kerry shakes hands after a statement early on November 24, 2013 in Geneva., Key issues in the Honduran general election http://bit.ly/1ci23ny, Watch CCTV America with Anand Naidoo!
We'll have the latest on the international reaction to the Iran nuclear deal. 
Plus, a live report on the general election in Honduras. 
Tune in tonight at 7:00PM Eastern!, On Sunday, a busy day of voting in Honduras. Tune in to CCTV America tonight at 7PM Eastern for the latest developments., Rising tensions between Egypt and Turkey. Anand Naidoo discusses the issue with Manal Omar from the U.S. Institute of Peace.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAh7yacMUDU, Non-profit grocery stores an oasis in 'food deserts', See why textile shop owners in Peru are complaining out unfair competition out of China http://bit.ly/1jvW3tO, READ HERE: Complete text from the @WhiteHouse on #IranTalks agreement., Read the complete text of the White House's Fact Sheet on the Iran Nuclear Deal here: http://www.motherjones.com/documents/839064-white-house-fact-sheet-on-iran-nuclear-deal, Negotiators announce deal in #IranTalks, Next few months key for U.S. market, ▶ Do environmental risks from oil industry outweigh benefits?, Boeing comes out on top at Dubai air show with new 777X model 'flying off the shelves' http://bit.ly/1c0NXZD, null, Death toll rose to 48 on Saturday after a crude oil leak from an old pipeline triggered two blasts in the east China port city of Qingdao on Friday. Chinese President Xi Jinping on Friday asked for maximum efforts in the search for survivors of the blast. He also asked local authorities to spare no effort to rescue the injured, find the cause of the accident and strengthen safety. The State Council, China's cabinet, has decided to establish an investigation team to find the cause of the accident and hold relevant parties accountable. Residents in Qingdao donated blood on Saturday, boosting blood stockpiles in the city's blood bank, which the bank said is enough to meet clinical needs. #china CCTV America, ▶ What happens when a community's only capital is nature? Kristiaan Yeo investigates., Don't miss CCTV America tonight !
We'll have full coverage of today’s ceremonies honoring #JFK in Dallas. Plus we'll talk to a man who was there on that fateful day. 

Tune in starting 7:00PM EST!, ▶ How far can technology go? In case you missed it here is a great report from CCTV's Richard Bestic, How would you feel if the person sitting next to you on a plane is making phone calls? #FCC sees backlash after proposing to allow in-flight cellphone calls on planes.,  SHARE #YourSay comment here and we may read it on-air., A U.S. jury awarded #Apple about $290 million in a damages retrial against #Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, restoring a large chunk of a historic verdict the iPhone maker won last year.
Apple had requested $379.8 million, while Samsung argued that it should have to pay $52.7 million., Friday, November 22 marks the 50th anniversary of the fateful day President John F. Kennedy assassinated while riding in a car through Dallas. A commemoration is ongoing now in Dallas. CCTV America looks into his legacy and U.S Presidential Historian, Robert Dallek provides his insight on the presidency and death of John F. Kennedy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tM-g00iLf0, Today across the U.S. and around the world people are reflecting on the death of President John F Kennedy 50 years ago. How do you view JFK’s legacy? SHARE #YourSay comment here and we may read it on-air., Chinese Vice Premier Liu Yandong stressed the importance of People-to-People Exchanges between China and the United States., According to a report from Global Times, China's 1st ever stealth #drone has successfully finished its maiden flight on Thursday, which made China the 4th country in the world to develop the unmanned combat air vehicle., UPDATE: At least 35 people were killed and 166 others injured after a leaking pipeline caught fire and exploded on Friday morning in the coastal city of Qingdao in east China's Shandong Province, local authorities said., As more images from the destruction are released, the death toll from typhoon Haiyan in central Philippines has soared to 5,209, with 1,602 others still missing, an official from the National Disaster and Risk Reduction Management Council said Friday., BREAKING NEWS:
A leaky pipeline caught fire and exploded on Friday morning in the coastal city of Qingdao, east China's Shandong Province, local authorities said. The blast leaves 6 dead, 7 severely injured., Today marks the 50th anniversary of the assassination of President Kennedy. Friends and family of the Former U.S President gathered together to honor him. How do you view JFK’s legacy? SHARE #YourSay comment here and we may read it on-air., How to improve People-to-People Exchange between China and the United States? Chinese Vice Premier delivered remarks about this mission today in Washington D.C. Follow CCTV America for complete coverage. 
Share: http://bit.ly/1g01Qbf, Watch CCTV America with Mike Walter at 7 PM U.S. EST! 
China and the U.S. reinforce an already strong partnership. Chinese Vice Premier Liu Yandong wraps up a trip to Washington DC with a meeting with Secretary of State John Kerry. And as we approach the 50th anniversary of John F Kennedy's assassination, we take a look into the international reaction of his death in today's Insight.
For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 7PM and 8PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Big day for China-U.S. relations as Vice Premier Liu Yandong met with Secretary of State John Kerry at the State Department to improve the people-to-people exchange as a way to cultivate bilateral relations.  Be sure to watch CCTV America at 7:00 for complete coverage., null, What’s #YourSay on the proposed agreement that could keep U.S. troops in Afghanistan for another 10 years? COMMENT here and we may read your responses on-air.
Tune in to CCTV AMERICA at 7PM and 8PM EST

D.C. Comcast 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS (Verizon) 277
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner 155, A volcanic eruption has raised an island in the seas to the far south of Tokyo, according to the Japanese coast guard and earthquake experts. The islet is about 200 meters in diameter., The National Zoo's panda naming contest ends tomorrow!, A cargo jet bound for McConnell Air Force Base in Wichita, Kansas, landed instead at the nearby Colonel James Jabara Airport. The 600-acre Jabara airport, which has one runway, one helipad and no control tower, is about 9 miles (14 km) from McConnell. City officials said the 235-foot 747 Dreamlifter landed there late Wednesday by mistake, but didn't say what led to the error., UPDATE: We have a sad follow up to tell you about. A soccer player featured in Franc Contreras' story about the 2012 Homeless World Cup has died. Haitian player Schneider Murai was killed by a stray bullet during a gang fight where he was playing. Here is the link for Franc's story. LINK: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdQYj5uhXS0, Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday called on China and the European Union to properly position their comprehensive strategic partnership amid the process of globalization so as to forge ahead with bilateral cooperation.  (Photo: Xinhua), U.S. President Barack Obama, together with former President Bill Clinton, laid a wreath at John F. Kennedy's grave on Wednesday to honor the slain president's legacy, two days before the 50th anniversary of his assassination., Talks between five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council and Germany and Iran over its controversial nuclear program resumed Wednesday. Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Li Baodong, who headed the Chinese delegation to the talks, said the last round of talks laid foundation for Wednesday's negotiations. He said China hoped that all parties could reach an agreement and achieve progress at the new round of talks., Bitcoin is everywhere these days. In China, which now accounts for 50 percent of the daily global trade in bitcoins, its price has skyrocketed. In the U.S., it was the subject Tuesday of the second of two U.S. Senate hearings. Silicon Valley is betting millions on it, and Ben Bernanke, the top central banker in the U.S., said this week that unregulated virtual currencies "may hold long-term promise." #bitcoin, Mexican tax reform is set to take effect at the start of next year. The legislation was watered down a bit as it wound through Mexico's Congress. But in the end, the version signed by President Enrique Pena Nieto still includes higher taxes for the wealthy, and tariffs on junk food and stock market profits. In a country affected by widespread poverty it's provoked praise from some and consternation from others, particularly in the business sector., China's highest-ranking female government official is in Washington for two days of high-level meetings focusing on the increased interaction of Chinese and American citizens. In 2010, Vice Premier Liu Yandong and then U-S Secretary of State Hillary Clinton set up the "100-thousand Strong Foundation" to increase people-to-people exchanges between the two nations and encourage study abroad., Watch CCTV America with Mike Walter at 7 PM U.S. EST!
Talks between world powers and Iran to secure a nuclear deal with Tehran resume in Geneva. And Gary Locke, the U.S. ambassador to China, announced that he will step down from his diplomatic post in early 2014. We'll take a look at his legacy and what's next for U-S China relations. 
For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 7PM and 8PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Upcoming #AMERICASNOW “Canada’s black gold”
Our feature piece this week on #AmericasNow “Canada at a crossroads: balancing profit with safety.”, Former Washington Governor Gary Locke has announced he is leaving his post as American Ambassador to China next year.  What do you think about Ambassador Gary Locke’s work during his tenure?, SHARE #YourSay! World powers and Iran are talking about easing sanctions against Tehran in exchange for concessions on its nuclear program. What results do you think will come out of the Iran nuclear talks?   COMMENT here and we may read your responses on air. 

Tune in to CCTV AMERICA at 7PM and 8PM EST
D.C. Comcast 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS (Verizon) 277
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner 155, Anti-military demonstrators in Egypt run from tear gas fired by police in Tahrir Square after clashes broke out Tuesday, two years after protests ignited a deadly crackdown by then-President Hosni Mubarak's security forces. 

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry commented Wednesday, saying that the Egyptian revolution was 'stolen' from the youth by the Muslim Brotherhood, who were removed from power after mass demonstrations in July., U.S. President Barack Obama awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor, to 16 individuals Wednesday. Among the recipients were former President Bill Clinton and talk show host Oprah Winfrey., The panda cub was born at the zoo on August 23. You can still help give her a moniker by voting in the National Zoo's naming contest, which ends on Nov. 22. Which one do you like for her? Vote! 
1. Bao Bao (宝宝): Precious, treasure.
2. Ling Hua (玲花): Darling, delicate flower.
3. Long Yun (龙韵): Long is the Chinese symbol of the dragon; Yun means charming. Combined this represents a sign of luck for panda cooperation between China and the United States.
4. Mulan (木兰): Legendary young woman, a smart and brave Chinese warrior from the fifth century; also the name for the magnolia flower in China and the United States.
5. Zhen Bao (珍宝): Treasure, valuable., Tonight: Kristiaan Yeo travels to Manitoba Province in Canada, where global warming is threatening the feeding habits of the region's polar bears. What do you think should be done to save polar bears from extinction? Is your government doing enough to preserve the habitats of local wildlife?
Check out this photo gallery from Kristiaan's story and tune in tonight at 7PM EDT to watch! You can watch a live webcam of polar bears here: http://explore.org/channels/polar-bears/, BREAKING NEWS:
US Ambassador to China Gary Locke says he'll step down in early 2014., The first batch of China's emergency rescuers will depart for the typhoon-stricken #Philippines on Wednesday, a Foreign Ministry spokesman said. Chinese navy's medical boat Peace Ark, which has good medical rescue capability and maneuverability, will depart soon for the Philippines too. #haiyan, The first batch of Chinese humanitarian aid for survivors of Typhoon Haiyan arrived on Monday and Tuesday in the central Philippine city of Cebu. #haiyan Photo: China News Service, The Communist Party of China published the full text of more than 300 reform measures that were unanimously adopted at the Third Plenary Session of the 18th Central Committee.  What kind of impact do you think the reforms to the one-child policy will have on the Chinese population going forward?, Foreign investment in United States Treasuries rose by the largest margin in seven months.  China held U.S. securities increased by $25.7 billion, also the biggest gain since February. 
Do you think foreign governments should still be investing in the United States economy?, Protestors of both deposed president Mohamed Morsi and the military that overthrew him defaced a newly unveiled memorial to those killed in the mass protests that helped unseat two Egyptian presidents in the past three years.  
What do you think of protestors defacing monuments?, At least two are dead after a roof collapsed from unknown causes at a construction site in Tongaat, South Africa.  An estimated 30 to 40 more are still trapped underneath the rubble. 
Are you worried about construction safety standards in your country?, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Mike Walter at 7 PM U.S. Eastern!
Chaos in the streets of Beirut Tuesday after double explosions rock the Iranian Embassy. An Iranian official is among the dead and an Al-Qaeda linked group is claiming responsibility. All this happening on the eve of talks in Geneva over Iran's disputed nuclear program. Comprehensive team coverage and analysis on tonight's show.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 7PM and 8PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, SHARE to help police identify this suspect in a shooting at the Paris offices of the French daily newspaper Liberation on November 18th. This shot from security cameras shows an alleged shooter walking in the underground station of Concorde, in the center of Paris., Check out U.S. Navy testing its latest and most technologically advanced creation: the experimental and unmanned X-47B drone.
http://bit.ly/1egtKz2, Tonight’s #YourSay question deals with Tuesday's bombing outside the Iranian Embassy in Beirut.  Do you worry about terror attacks in your country? SHARE your thoughts. We may read your responses on air.

Tune in to CCTV AMERICA at 7 PM and 8 PM EST
D.C. Comcast 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS (Verizon) 277
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner 155, Thousands of Americans gathered on the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address to reflect on President Abraham Lincoln's speech which is seen by many as a defining moment in U.S. history.
How do you think these 278 words changed history?, Tencent, China’s largest Internet company, will release an international version of its 10TB cloud storage product next year, and within the coming weeks it’ll launch a new photo-sharing app, Story Camera, in the US, according to one of its vice presidents., Many people are fleeing from Tacloban, Philippines after Super Typhoon Haiyan left nearly 4,000 dead and 1.9 people million displaced according to the U.N. How well do you think the international community has reacted to Typhoon Haiyan?, A man gestures at the site of a double suicide bombing at the Iranian embassy in Beirut, Lebanon. At least 22 people were killed in the blast, among them an Iranian cultural adviser., null, What international standards would you propose for drone strikes?  Here's a preview of some of the images you'll see on CCTV America tonight at 7 when Jim Spellman reports from the deck of the USS Theodore Roosevelt on how #drone technology is advancing with the X47B., What international standards would you propose for drone strikes?
 , Tonight on CCTV America "Insight" at 7:30 PM EST: Correspondent Jim Spellman lands on board the USS #Roosevelt to investigate how the U.S. military tests #drones and how the technology is evolving. Cctv America #cctvamerica   What international standards would you propose for drone strikes?, Catch up on "Americas Now," CCTV America's weekly news magazine program focusing on Central and South America.
Watch it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTAuRx9ju0k&feature=c4-overview-vl&list=PLDNI14zH0J2juQDJw6qb7dAGCAIM3R5zT, Chinese President Xi Jinping met with former U.S. President Bill Clinton in Beijing on Monday. Xi applauded Clinton's efforts to promote bilateral ties during his tenure and his cooperation with China after his retirement in efforts related to poverty reduction, charity, health and epidemic prevention, particularly in the area of HIV-AIDS., LIKE and SHARE to show your support for the victims!
A person stands among damaged buildings along Washington Road in the aftermath of a #tornado on November 18, 2013 in Washington, Illinois. A fast-moving storm system that produced several tornadoes that touched down across the Midwest left behind a path of destruction in 12 states., This week on Americas Now: "Honduras: Ballots vs. Bullets" 

In Honduras, politics has become an increasingly dangerous business.

Watch Americas Now tonight at 7:30PM Eastern!
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DoqvX7tdrcI, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Mike Walter at 7 PM U.S. Eastern!

Tonight

Authorities in Russia are investigating a deadly plane crash that has killed all 50 people onboard. CCTV America has the latest developments.

One of the key talking points to emerge from China’s third plenary session is a new “state security committee.” CCTV’s Han Peng has more from Beijing.

And

How are relief efforts going in the Philippines? Don’t miss CCTV correspondent Tony Cheng’s report from Tacloban, one of the cities hardest hit by Haiyan.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 7PM and 8PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279
, Don't miss this inspiring story from CCTV America!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfiufA_SlKI, BREAKING NEWS: At least 44 people died as a passenger Boeing crashed while landing in the city of Kazan in central Russia on Saturday, according to the Russian Emergencies Ministry.

The passenger aircraft Boeing 737 exploded after it crash-landed in the airport of Kazan at 15:25 GMT, according to Interfax. The flight was coming from Moscow., Only a drop of blood test kits can be measured a variety of cancers?
YES! It's ture!

Tsinghua University research group for the first time in the world prove that human heat shock protein Hsp90α (hereinafter referred to as human 90α) as a new tumor marker, and developed a quantitative detection kit. Just a drop of blood of lung cancer patients, can be used for disease monitoring and treatment evaluation. The future, the results of this study may also be applied to liver cancer, stomach cancer and other cancer detection., Here are the folks in the CCTV America control room that bring the news to you. Watch our stories here: http://www.youtube.com/user/CCTVAmerica1/videos, China will abolish the "re-education through labor" system as part of a major effort to protect human rights, according to a key decision issued on Friday by the Communist Party of China #CPC. What other progress is needed?

CCTV will update the latest reforms decisions in today's show. Please tune in at 7 ET on CCTV America!, COMMENT: We want to hear #YourSay on the major reforms coming out of China today.  
What impact do you think the changes in the one-child policy will have?  SHARE your thoughts. We may read your responses on air. 

Tune in to CCTV AMERICA at 7 PM and 8 PM EST
D.C. Comcast 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS (Verizon) 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner 155, China will abolish the "re-education through labor" system as part of a major effort to protect human rights, said a key policy document of the Communist Party of China #CPC published Friday.

CCTV will update the latest reforms decisions in today's show. Please tune in at 7 ET on CCTV America!

This picture dated June 12, 1986, shows the "Re-education through labour" camp near Beijing., Do you have relatives or friends who are suffering from #diabetes?  Nowadays, even more younger people are diagnosed with it. dia...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fb1xABhyU9g, Check out #cctvamerica 11/14 #YOURSAY for What role do you think politics plays in international aid efforts? How does it help or hinder humanitarian aid efforts?, Chinese President Xi Jinping met with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte Friday in Beijing, pledging to further bilateral relations. Two leaders attend bilateral meeting at the Diaoyutai State Guesthouse in Beijing on November 15, 2013., China will loosen its decades-long one-child population policy, allowing couples to have two children if one of them is an only child, according to a key decision issued on Friday by the Communist Party of China (CPC). 
What impact do you think the changes in China’s one-child policy will have?

CCTV will update the latest reforms decision in today's show. Please tune in at 7 ET on CCTV America!

A girl plays jump rope with her family by a road in Beijing on December 7, 2012., null, China on Friday issued a detailed #roadmap for comprehensively deepening reforms in the coming decades.

The reforms Include:
﹡ China to ease one-child policy
﹡ China to abolish "re-education through labor" system
﹡ China to reduce capital punishment "step by step"
﹡ China to allow private capital to set up bank
﹡ China to claim more gains of state-owned capital
CCTV will update the latest reforms decision in today's show. Please tune in at 7 ET on CCTV America!, #BREAKING: Gambia has announced that it has cut diplomatic ties with #Taiwan., Watch CCTV America with Mike Walter at 7 PM US Eastern!
China announces it will donate more aid to the typhoon-ravaged Philippines. The United Nations faces growing pressure to step in the situation in Central African Republic. And we'll take a closer look at the disease diabetes, and how countries are battling it, in today's Insight.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 7PM and 8PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Upcoming #AMERICASNOW Sunday Nov. 17th: “Honduras: Ballots & Bullets”
As Honduran politicians only know too well that running for office can be a risky business. Especially if you belong to the left-leaning “LIBRE” party, 18 of their candidates have been killed since the presidential campaigns began in 2012.
Home to world’s most dangerous city, San Pedro Sula, just getting home from work alive is an election issue.
Americas Now Correspondent John Holman takes us to violent Honduras, where the question isn't’t whether politicians can survive this campaign, but whether democracy can. 
This week, ballots versus bullets in Honduras., What role do you think politics plays in international aid efforts?
How does it help or hinder humanitarian aid efforts?, In a news conference Thursday, President Obama told Americans losing health coverage that states and insurers can extend current policies canceled under health law for 1 year. What do you think of this latest development with the Affordable Care Act? 
AFP PHOTO/Mandel NGAN, Egyptian Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy is downplaying growing speculation of a major foreign policy shift. In a top-level Russian visit on Thursday, Fahmy stressed Cairo's need to boost ties with Moscow and to keep the U.S. as its top ally. (AFP PHOTO/GIANLUIGI GUERCIA), Hassan Nasrallah, the head of Lebanon's militant Shiite Muslim Hezbollah movement spoke in Southern Beirut Thursday. He vowed to keep his military forces in Syria where they are fighting alongside President Bashar al-Assad's army., President Obama is scheduled to deliver a statement on the Affordable Care Act at the White House soon., Watch CCTV America with Mike Walter at 7 PM US Eastern!
Dozens of countries pledged aid to the Philippines after Typhoon Haiyan, but many people are not seeing results. Meanwhile, tens of thousands in the United States are waiting to hear if their friends and family are OK. We'll take a deeper look in today's Insight.
And the U.S. State Department designated Nigerian Islamic militant group Boko Haram a terrorist organization. What this means for the group and for U-S policy in Africa? 

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 7PM and 8PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, CCTV America's Michelle Begue brings us to a Colombian family supporting their autism son and also others with special needs. , When you donate money to disaster relief do you worry it won’t go to the right place?  What guarantees would you like to see?  We want to hear Your Say on the most important issues of the day! Tune in to CCTV AMERICA at 7 PM and 8 PM EST everyday. #yoursay
Soldiers from the Philippines and Taiwan unload relief goods from a C-130 cargo plane at the Mactan-Cebu International Airport after what is feared to be the worst natural disaster ever in the Philippines.
Photo courtesy of AFP PHOTO / the Red Cross Society of Taiwan, Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday conveyed condolences to his Philippine counterpart Benigno Aquino III over the heavy casualties and property loss caused by typhoon "Haiyan". On behalf of the Chinese people, Xi extended heartfelt sympathy and sincere condolences to the typhoon victims as well as the bereaved families. In his message, the Chinese president also wished the Philippine people early success in overcoming the disaster and rehabilitating their homeland., An Afghan farmer collects raw opium as he works in a poppy field in Nangarhar province. Afghanistan's opium production surged to record levels this year, with May's harvest amounting to more than the rest of the world's combined at over 6,000 tons, according to a report by the UN office on Drugs and Crime., Watch CCTV America's coverage of Super Typhoon Haiyan's disastrous damage to the Philippines. Turn in tonight for more updates. #cctvamerica, Watch CCTV America with Mike Walter at 7 PM US Eastern!
Tonight, desperately needed food, water and medical supplies are slowly making it to typhoon-decimated areas in the Philippines.
In China, the CPC unveils reform guidelines to bolster economy for the next decade.
And in Egypt, a court declares an end to the state of emergency, but  military officials fear more protests by ousted President Mohammed Morsi supporters.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 7PM and 8PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, How do you help when a massive disaster strikes outside your own country? We want to hear Your Say on the most important issues of the day! Tune in to CCTV AMERICA at 7 PM and 8 PM EST everyday. #yoursay
 A US marine carries an injured woman who survived the wrath of Super Typhoon Haiyan in the central coastal city of Tacloban, as they disembark from a military cargo plane that flew them out of the city to Manila on November 12, 2013. The UN launched an appeal for a third of a billion dollars on November 12 as US and British warships steamed towards the typhoon-ravaged Philippines where well over 10,000 people are feared dead., How do you help when a massive disaster strikes outside your own country?, As more images are released, the extent of the damage of Typhoon Haiyan is more apparent. Here's another look at the height of the storm from CCTV correspondent Barnaby Lo and his team. 
VIDEO: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3EoD2R9NO0
Follow Barnaby on Twitter: @barnabychuck, The 18th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC) on Tuesday approved a decision on "major issues concerning comprehensively deepening reforms" at the close of their four-day meeting., Take a look at your answers from last night's Your Say question!

Tonight we want to know: How do you help when a massive disaster strikes outside your own country?

Let us know below for a chance to see Your Say on tonight's broadcast!
http://bit.ly/1eIF9uo, With its rapid economic growth and declining poverty, Chilean voters know their next leader needs to be strong to continue the country’s pursuit of progress.  Joel Richards reports from Caracas with an in depth analysis of the election:, The highly anticipated Third Plenum session of China's Communist Party has concluded on Tuesday. Tune in tonight for CCTV America's coverage of the conference and to hear how the international community is reacting.

D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, How can your country go the “extra mile” to slow global climate change?

We want to hear Your Say on the most important issues of the day!, How can your country go the “extra mile” to slow global climate change?, Correspondent Mark Niu finds out more about the star player who grew up in Panama, as the two catch up in Kansas City, Missouri.

Share: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwiAG-TQJwY, null, 2014 World Cup will be the 1st time since 1950 that Brazil has hosted the prestigious event. December is the deadline for its host cities to complete construction on 12 stadiums. Join CCTV America for a look at Porto Alegre's renowned stadium, the Beira-Rio.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GITQIDBPXYM, The top Chinese e-commerce service websites, Tmall and Taobao (both owned by Alibaba Group), reported $5.75billion (35 billion yuan) in sales in a single day, November 11.

The Nov. 11 sale date, or "1111," was launched in 2009 by Taobao TMall. The 11/11 date traditionally marks Singles Day in China, because of the symbolic solitary look of the 1s, but is likely to take on a new meaning after Taobao's TMall used this day to start what some media are calling a "shopping carnival.", The impact of economic reform on investment decisions in China, null, Italy's low birthrate problem, Alcohol laws in Turkey threaten wine industry, Divorce rate in Beijing soars, Japan nuclear cleanup efforts enter second phase of containment, Don't miss this CCTV News exclusive report!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3EoD2R9NO0, Violence in Syria hindering polio vaccination campaigns, John Kerry in Geneva for Iran talks, Yasser Arafat autopsy results raise number of questions, China faces a number of issues in addressing reform, No good alternatives to diplomatic solution with Iran, Presidential Elections in Chile! Tune in this Sunday at 7:30 PM EST!, Super Typhoon Haiyan has made landfall, smashing into the Philippines with terrifying force. Tune in for the latest on the storm and many more breaking news, TONIGHT at 7:00PM EST!


Tune in to CCTV AMERICA at 7 PM and 8 PM EST everyday.
D.C. Comcast 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS (Verizon) 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV 279, This week marks the 18th National Conference of the #CPC. What are your hopes for this meetings and what do you think will be achieved?, From the Iran nuclear talks to the upcoming political conference in China where the nation's leaders will discuss possible reforms and the Middle East Peace Process what do YOU think about the top stories of the week?
, Watch CCTV America with Mike Walter at 7 PM U.S. Eastern! 
Tonight our top story, Iran says it's considering a proposal to freeze its nuclear program, but what is the catch? 
Typhoon Haiyan continues to barrel towards the Philippines at an alarming speed, threatening 25 millions people. 
And US talk show host Jimmy Kimmel is being called to step down, after a controversial segment that some say is offensive to Chinese people. 

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 7PM and 8 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, We want to hear Your Say for tonight's show!
Should comedy shows be held accountable for hurtful comments on-air?
Let us know below and see your say on tonight's broadcast at 7 PM EDT! #yoursay #cctvamerica

After U.S. comedian Jimmy Kimmel apologized for an offensive skit in which a kid suggested Americans "kill everyone in China" as a way to solve U.S. debt problem, Chinese Americans say they wanted a "formal, open and meaningful apology" from ABC, which aired the show., Check out #cctvamerica 11/6 #YOURSAY for "What do you think of the break down of the Middle East Peace Process?", We want to hear Your Say for tonight's show!
Should comedy shows be held accountable for hurtful comments on-air?
Let us know below and see your say on tonight's broadcast at 7 PM EDT! #yoursay #cctvamerica, Watch CCTV America's report of a Washington-based dance company that is touring throughout China.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VR-g7bIl9DM, Watch CCTV America with Mike Walter at 7 PM U.S. Eastern! 

Tonight our top story, US Secretary of State John Kerry is in Israel and the Palestinian states, in an effort to save the crumbling Middle East Peace talks.
A new Swiss report shows former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat may have been poisoned.
And today's CCTV America Insight is about fighting for freedom. Russia continues to hold dozens of Greenpeace activists. Now the incident is being escalated again.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 7PM and 8 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Upcoming #AMERICASNOW: “The Challenge: Chile’s Elections”

With its rapid economic growth and declining poverty, Chilean voters know their next leader needs to be strong to continue the country’s pursuit of progress.

Tune in to hear what those important issues will be in a new segment this week on Americas Now called: “The Challenge”, Upcoming #AMERICASNOW: “The Challenge: Chile’s Elections”

With its rapid economic growth and declining poverty, Chilean voters know their next leader needs to be strong to continue the country’s pursuit of progress.
 
Tune in to hear what those important issues will be in a new segment this week on Americas Now called: “The Challenge”, The value of the bitcoin is soaring to new heights. This virtual currency recently traded at its second-highest level against the dollar, fetching 233 dollars per coin. Its market was further excited by the arrival of the world's first #bitcoin ATM. CCTV America's Kristiaan Yeo reports.

Share: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lK2Z9TumZHw, Who is leading the global space race? Hear what a NASA scientist has to say http://bit.ly/1b6DbjU, Bitcoin Business Founder, Taariq Lewis, joins Michelle Makori to break down the Bitcoin 'mining' process.  

Subscribe to BizAsiaAmerica: http://goo.gl/FMKaBj 
Share: http://bit.ly/1dOpXZu, Shweta Bajaj reports on India's Mars rover mission, which has the possibility of being the first mission launched from an Asian nation to land a craft on the red planet.

Share: http://bit.ly/1880SnG, CCTV's Jessica Stone reports on a vote in Washington State on whether to place labels on food products which involve genetic engineering for the purpose of increasing crop yields. Industry studies have suggested that such foods are not harmful to consumers but critics call into question the validity of such data.

Share: http://bit.ly/1cTboTr, CCTV's Zou Yun reports on a Cyber-summit in San Francisco which brings top security experts from around the world to address concerns in #cyber security.

Share: http://bit.ly/1baO02N, UN humanitarian efforts face difficulty in Syria as hostile environment hinders aid delivery http://bit.ly/1iNhp5v, We want to hear Your Say for tonight's show!

What do you think of the break down of the Middle East Peace Process?

Let us know below and see your say on tonight's broadcast at 7 PM EDT!

D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, An Egyptian court has upheld a ruling that banned the Muslim Brotherhood and ordered its assets confiscated.

The Muslim Brotherhood, Egypt's oldest and most influential Islamist group, was banned in September after President Mohamed Morsi was toppled by the army following mass protests against his government on July 3., Check out #cctvamerica 11/5 #YOURSAY for "How necessary is it for governments to fund space research?", BREAKING @CCTV_America CCTV reporter on site: explosions in Taiyuan City, Shanxi Province, China. #cctvlive, Watch CCTV America with Elaine Reyes at 7 PM U.S. Eastern! 

Tonight our top story, the Congolese M-23 rebel group says it is laying down its weapons after 20 months of fighting. 
US Secretary of State John Kerry has addressed concerns over US spying on EU nations during his visit to Poland.
And today's CCTV America Insight is about the global space race. India became the latest country on Tuesday to send a probe to Mars. 

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 7PM and 8 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, CCTV's Franc Contreras reports from Mexico City where a recent anti-monopoly ruling is giving small brewers access to the world's sixth largest beer market.  

Subscribe to BizAsiaAmerica: http://goo.gl/FMKaBj 

Share: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVmY0TM-pXY, CCTV's Roza Kazan investigates the growing trend of Americans expecting to work past #retirement.  Share: http://bit.ly/1hL1M0S

Subscribe to BizAsiaAmerica: http://goo.gl/FMKaBj, CCTV's Stephen Fee gives a preview of China's assuming of the United Nations Security Council's rotating presidency, as the council is expected to take a leading role in global diplomacy this month. #UNSC 

Share: http://bit.ly/18WOLJM, French President Hollande's retirement reforms have negative impact on popularity:  http://bit.ly/HHXSHR, As India's 10-month Mars mission begins its journey to the red planet, we want to get Your Say!

How necessary is it for governments to fund space research?

Let us know what you think below, and see your comment on tonight's show at 7 PM EDT!

D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Beauty pageant in Peru showcases Chinese cultural influence in the country http://bit.ly/1b9xBKp, Check out #cctvamerica 11/4 #YOURSAY for "How will Muhammad Morsi’s trial affect stability in #Egypt?", Former U.S. Naval Commander: military action in Iran 'insanity,' protests not indicative of political climate http://bit.ly/1hKjkKw, Whether or not pro-Morsi Egyptians will turn their back on the outsted leader 'remains to be seen' http://bit.ly/1b4rLLJ, How will Muhammad Morsi’s trial affect stability in Egypt? We want to air your say! 

Don't miss CCTV America tonight starting at 7:00PM EST!

D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, 34 years after the Iran hostage crisis, CCTV America investigates whether any progress has been made in the Iran-U.S. relationship. Are the two sides on the verge of a breakthrough or is Iran heading towards the creation of a nuclear weapon? And what if diplomacy fails -- could the United States wage a military attack against Iran? Harlan Ullman, retired U.S. Naval Commander and co-architect of the “shock and awe” campaign in Iraq, weighs in.

Don't miss CCTV America "Insight" tonight at 7 PM U.S. Eastern!


D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Soy is called "Green Gold" in Argentina. Foreign multi-national corporations dominate the soy industry and have turned their eyes to the forest of the Gran Chaco region, home to native Argentinians for thousands of years. Thirty ethnic groups, comprising a community of more than 800 thousand people, are watching helplessly as foreign investors gobble up their lands. 

Americas Now contributing correspondent Daniel Schweimler reports from the remote Gran Chaco region.

Share: http://bit.ly/1ecftGh, Check out the latest CCTV America's weekly news magazine program #AmericasNow. 

1. Fighting for the land
2. Reshaping education in Latin America
3. Dia de los Muertos in Mexico
4. Cuba's divine cocoa attracts international attention

Playlist: http://bit.ly/1ebFCFc, Watch CCTV America with Sean Callebs at 8 PM U.S. Eastern! 

Tonight

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has made an unscheduled visit to Egypt. CCTV’s Jim Spellman is live in the newsroom.

Peru’s political landscape has been marred by corruption. Correspondent Dan Collyns takes a closer look.

And

What should we expect to see at the trial of former Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi? CCTV’s Yasser Hakim asks people on the streets of Cairo.


For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Protest in Egypt against the trial of former Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi. CCTV America has more.
http://bit.ly/HvBimb, CCTV America's The Heat: Once peaceful Mexican town torn apart by ongoing drug war http://bit.ly/HDGh3G, CCTV America's The Heat: The dilemma of America's drug war  http://bit.ly/170ik2H, CCTV America's The Heat: Recent developments in the "War on Drugs" - YouTube http://bit.ly/HDBcs2, Keystone XL Pipeline faces fierce opposition in Nebraska, ▶ Mexico's Day of the Dead boosts sales for one type of traditional flower  http://bit.ly/16Wrugp, Watch: Phillip Yin News and Michael Tanner on U.S. food stamps and the need for reform http://bit.ly/Hyzp8I, Chinese companies surging into U.S. market with IPOs, How does U.S. food stamp system stack up against other programs around the world?http://bit.ly/HyvvN5, Watch: Iraqi PM pleads U.S. help in battling al Qaeda, former ambassador to Ukraine joins Elaine Reyes  http://bit.ly/HyuTH7, CCTV_America's #YourSay question, in light of what happened today at #LAX: Do you think we need more airport security? Should it start before  the #TSA checkpoint?, This week, CCTV America has covered the controversial Canadian oil sands development project. Tonight, CCTV’s Jessica Stone will be live, answering your questions about this issue! Please post your questions, comments and concerns! 

To catch up on our special coverage, visit our YouTube Channel playlist here:
 http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHzrnR4YvIZrau5XjBnd9k5DEcRZsiu5a, "CCTV's Jim Spellman reports on the new flying policies that might soon be adopted by the #TSA agency." http://bit.ly/HzbwNg, Los Ageles Mayor, Eric Garcetti on the #LAX incident. Press conference is going on now at entrance to LAX with Airport Police & LAPD Chiefs, China's public security authorities have released fresh details on the Tiananmen attack conspiracy., Shooting at #LAX: Armed LAPD officers are patrolling the Los Angeles International Airport on November 1, 2013. Suspect is shot and now in police custody. Several injured including a TSA agent at Terminal 3 this morning. #LAX #TSA, This week on Americas Now, “The indigenous peoples of Argentina”
 
For decades, they say they've been treated as strangers in their own country.  But, as Daniel Schweimler reports, they are no longer willing to be considered second-class citizens and are taking to the streets to demand their rights.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vACMDkf68gg


"AMERICAS NOW" is a weekly television magazine produced by CCTV America in Washington DC. It features in depth investigative reports, personality profiles, and feature stories on social and economic trends with a special focus on Central and South America. The program is seen on the CCTV News channel at 8:30 pm Sundays US eastern time., After a decade of record consumer credit lending, many Brazilians are struggling to repay their debts. CCTV's Paulo Cabral investigates the growing levels of indebtedness in the country's economy. #brazil #credit

Subscribe to BizAsiaAmerica: http://goo.gl/FMKaBj, Online classifieds marketplace, 58.com, described as the "Craigslist of China", debuted on the New York Stock Exchange Thursday to a very warm reception by investors. CCTV's Liling Tan has the details.

Subscribe to BizAsiaAmerica: http://goo.gl/FMKaBj

Share: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqtaFFcbxAE, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Mike Walter at 8 PM US Eastern!
We'll have a live report from Beijing and hear from the Chinese Defense Ministry on the deadly terrorist attack at Tinanamen Square.
Hundreds of protesters hit the streets in Nairobi, demanding justice after 6 men were sentenced to cutting grass after raping a 16-year-old girl.
And we take a look at how even before you arrive for a United States flight, you're already being screened., Do you feel international flights are safe and secure and have you ever witnessed or experienced any discrimination at the security screening? #cctvamerica #yoursay #flight #FAA

Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Administrator Michael Huerta Huerta announced today that airlines can safely expand passenger use of portable electronic devices during flight.
We want to hear Your Say on the most important issues of the day! 
Tune in to CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EST everyday.
D.C. Comcast 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS (Verizon) 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV 279, Any Harley Davidson fans? 
CCTV's Yasser Hakim reports from Cairo on how the motorcycle company is trying to rebuild Egypt's struggling tourism industry.

SHARE: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNWPN4h2vOw
Subscribe to BizAsiaAmerica: http://goo.gl/FMKaBj, Do you feel international flights are safe and secure and have you ever witnessed or experienced any discrimination at the security screening? #cctvamerica #yoursay #flight #FAA, A Defense Ministry spokesman said Thursday the Chinese army will fight various terrorist activities according to government instructions when responding to the Tian'anmen car crash.

"Terrorism is an international enemy, and many national armies have been tasked with the mission of anti-terrorism," said spokesman Yang Yujun at a monthly press briefing., CCTV's Kristiaan Yeo reports on the ongoing debate in #Canada over energy development vs. preservation. #keystone

SHARE: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNXLiABMGME
Subscribe to BizAsiaAmerica: http://goo.gl/FMKaBj, An international conference for indigenous women is empowering minorities. CCTV's Dan Collyns reports from Lima.
SHARE: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-F2f8bGZrH0

Subscribe to CCTV America: http://goo.gl/tgGT98, CCTV's Jessica Stone speaks with Rafiq ur Rehman, a drone strike survivor, who lost his grandmother to a American drone strike in Pakistan in 2012. Rafiq's story is the subject of a documentary by filmmaker Robert Greenwald.

Subscribe to CCTV America: http://goo.gl/tgGT98

SHARE: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loEZYuXbFNM, For important developments concerning the Tian'anmen terror attack, anchor Mike Walter speaks to Xue Lan, Professor at Tsinghua University.

SHARE: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dqRQP8un_4, Check out #cctvamerica 10/30 #YOURSAY for "What can other countries do about U.S. drone strikes?", Airline passengers can use electronic devices to listen to music, read and play games in “all phases of flight,” the Federal Aviation Administration said Thursday, but using a cellphone to talk and text will still be banned., Are you happy? Venezuela's government has made happiness a top priority for its citizens.
http://bit.ly/17vxKwv, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Mike Walter at 8 PM US Eastern!
Authorities in Beijing are now calling Monday's car crash a planned terror attack. We have team coverage including an in-depth look at extremists from the Xinjiang region.
The top US health official sits in the hot seat, apologizing, explaining and placing blame for the problem-plagued roll-out of Obamacare.
And European Union politicians are demanding action in the U-S spying scandal.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, CCTV's Mike Walter speaks to Michael Dorsey, the Director at the Dartmouth Climate Justice Research Project, and asks him how concerned the international community should be over the increasing threat of severe weather.

Share: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVLP1qxFnoQ, CCTV's Sean Callebs reports from Seaside Heights, New Jersey on how businesses are faring one year after the devastating Superstorm #Sandy. 

Share: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEBHQqdm_7U
Subscribe to BizAsiaAmerica: http://goo.gl/FMKaBj, In the second installment of Oil Sands at a Crossroads, Jessica Stone travels to the Port of Kitimat, British Columbia to investigate a proposed northern extension to the Enbridge Pipeline. #keystone

Share: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aPekK4DdDY

Follow Jessica Stone on twitter: @JessicaWStone

Subscribe to BizAsiaAmerica: http://goo.gl/FMKaBj, Security forces in Afghanistan prepare for the departure of U.S. troops as they continue to fight the Taliban http://buff.ly/1cmePls, #cctvamerica #yoursay What can other countries do about U.S. drone strikes?

Pakistani protesters shout anti-US slogans during a demonstration in Karachi on October 23, 2013, against US drone attacks in the Pakistani tribal region. An Amnesty International report on the US drone campaign warned some of the strikes may amount to war crimes, though Washington insists they all comply with international law., #cctvamerica #yoursay What can other countries do about U.S. drone strikes?, Protesters and security forces clash at Al-Azhar University in Cairo, The Protesters had gathered to demonstrate in support of ousted leader Mohamed #Morsi and call for his reinstatement as president. Local reports indicate that at least 25 were arrested during the clashes., Has the U.S. Government shutdown impacted consumer confidence? Lynn Franco of the Conference Board weighs in.  http://buff.ly/1iuLDdB, Liling Tan met with Chinese families in New York one year after Superstorm Sandy to see how they are faring and what issues they face in recovering their lives due to language and cultural barriers.

http://buff.ly/1cm5slP, Sarah Crowe, Spokesperson for Executive Director of UNICEF, talks about the polio outbreak in Syria and why it is an issue deserving of international concern.

http://buff.ly/1aTDKKw, Editor-at-Large for magazine The Atlantic, Steve Clemons, outlines his opinions on how the NSA spying scandal is impacting U.S. foreign relations and what must be done by the Obama administration to rectify the situation.

http://buff.ly/1aHWJeo, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Mike Walter at 8 PM US Eastern!
Tonight, European allies are calling for investigations on US spying scandal and threatening sanctions.
One year since super storm Sandy, the recovery and rebuilding continues in the strike zone where Sandy's scars remain visible.
And an urgent vaccination campaign is underway in Syria after UN officials confirm an outbreak of polio among children there.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, WORLD CLASS TALENTS WANTED!  CCTV-America is expanding its operations in Washington DC. Come join a growing company.
Multiple Broadcast Positions
 
General News & Talk Show programming:
All producers including Line Producers, Guest Producers and Planning Producers.  News editors, Business Producers, Operations Producers, Assignment Editors, Producer/Writers, and Associate Producers.
 
Broadcast Operations:
Directors, Floor Directors, Media Managers, Video Editors, Audio Technician, Graphics Playout, Technical Directors, Assistant Director and Studio Team Members.
 
Engineering:
Studio Engineer, Engineering Technician, and Broadcast IT Engineer.
 
Please send your cv and relevant works to Resumes@cctv-america.com, CCTV's Barnaby Lo investigates how Asia emerging economies will be affected with the economic decisions of the Unites States.

Share: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gePNHqLhE2Q, CCTV America's Mike Walter speaks with famous Chinese pianist Lang Lang, who was designated 'Messenger of Peace' to the UN by Secretary General Ban Ki-moon., The first segment of this week's special series, Oil Sands at a Crossroads, is now available on YouTube!  CCTV's Jessica Stone travels to Fort McMurray, Alberta to investigate the challenges in getting Canada's oil reserves to market. Is Keystone XL worth the potential environmental cost?

Tune in tonight for the next installment:

Washington, DC (and greater area)
• MHz - Channel 3 
• COMCAST (Xfinity) - Channel 273

New York City
• Time Warner - Channel 134 
• FiOS (Verizon) - Channel 277

Los Angeles
• Charter Cable - Channel 562
• Time Warner - Channel 155

Satellite Nationwide
• DISH TV - Channel 279, One year after Superstorm Sandy devastated the northeast coast of the U.S., Americans still remember the bizarre intensity of last fall's weather.

Is the weather really changing around the world? If so, how? We want to hear Your Say: let us know below or on Twitter @CCTV_America and we'll put your answer on tonight's broadcast at 8 PM EDT!, Check out #cctvamerica 10/29 #YOURSAY for "Is the weather getting worse and if so how?", Check out #cctvamerica 10/28 #YOURSAY for "Are you more concerned about your phone being tapped or about terrorism?", The judges presiding over the trial of Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood leaders have stepped down from the proceedings, citing "uneasiness" over the trial as the defense lawyers said the panel had come under pressure to hold the trial inside a prison., Is the weather getting worse and if so how?, Don't miss out on CCTV America tonight! UN messenger of peace Lang Lang will be live with us! Don't forget to tune in at 8:30PM EST!

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EST everyday.
D.C. Comcast 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS (Verizon) 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV 279,  Are you more concerned about your phone being tapped or about terrorism?, A jeep crashed into a crowd of people and caught fire in front of the Tian'anmen rostrum in downtown Beijing at noon on Monday, killing five people and injuring another 38, police said.
Further investigation is under way.

Source: http://english.cntv.cn/20131028/104685.shtml

For more updates, watch CCTV America tonight 8 PM US Eastern., Catch up on Americas Now, CCTV America's weekly news magazine program hosted by Elaine Reyes. Topics this week include gay rights in Jamaica; the fallout of the NSA scandal in Mexico; and the race to save the world's most endangered sea mammal. 

Watch it here: http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkBLJRcemwLRd-1dWV49y1g, The World Economic Forum released it's Global Gender Gap Report 2013 this week. It finds that 86 countries out of 133, improved their gender gaps. Iceland tops the list followed by Finland, Norway and Sweden. CCTV America talked about the report with Elaine Zuckerman, the President and Founder of Gender Action., It's been almost 6 months since NSA contractor and computer specialist Edward Snowden disclosed top-secret documents revealing a U.S. program to conduct electronic surveillance of other nations, including countries in Latin America. Joining CCTV America to talk more about the National Security Agency debacle, and its continuing fallout, is our political analyst Laura Carlsen in Mexico City., Watch CCTV AMERICA with Anand Naidoo at 8 PM US Eastern!

Tonight

The U.S. spying scandal continues. CCTV’s Jessica Stone reports on the latest developments.

Many women in South Africa struggle to break free from the shackles of culture and tradition. CCTV correspondent Rene Del Carme reports from Johannesburg. 

And

One man has earned the title of film ambassador for both China and Hollywood. CCTV’s YaKenda McGahee has more.


For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Catch up on The Heat, CCTV America's current affairs talk show. This week, CCTV's Anand Naidoo speaks to a panel of experts about the fight for gender equality throughout the world.

Watch it here: http://www.youtube.com/channel/UClFMx7RWd1z0CgH9hTyfjjw, What can be done to limit deforestation? We want to hear Your Say!, What can be done to limit deforestation ?, Germany, France and Mexico have already stated their discontent with the recent U.S spying scandal. Tonight on CCTV America, it's China. We'll bring you the latest update on how the country is responding to such allegations. Tune in at 8PM EST!, CCTV AMERICA's Oil Stands at a Cross Roads 
Week of 28th October 9PM EDT 1AM GMT on CCTV America
#keystone, Check out #cctvamerica 10/23 #YOURSAY for "What is your opinion on the issues of gay rights in your country?", From our audience, Ruben Gerardo Zevallos Rivero has made a comment on Bolivia's oldest airline struggles:
Dear Mr. Joe Richards: Thanks for so interesting interview. We the workers are completely sure that our Lloyd Aereo Boliviano will flight again, because we strongly believe not only in our prestige of good service, but in the power of God who had demonstrated us that for Him does not exist the word "impossible." 
SHARE: http://youtu.be/T6_ZB7J75hQ, A judge in Mexico just banned genetically modified corn seeds, citing the potential risk to the environment.Corn is one of Mexico most important domestically grown grains.
Now Mexico farmers and some of the world's most powerful food companies are preparing to face off in court. Franc Contreras is in Mexico city.

CCTV America is the only global English-language media organization that covered the story. 

SHAREhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V52nZbRQ6sI, CCTV correspondent Richard Bestic investigates how London's first-time buyer program sponsored by the government is fueling housing bubble fears. 

SHARE: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVhJqgA713k, To discuss the vast importance of music on a cultural level, anchor Mike Walter sits down with Adrian Loving, a DJ based in Washington, D.C.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPAc32dd7kk

Subscribe to CCTV America: http://goo.gl/tgGT98

Follow CCTV America:
Twitter: http://bit.ly/15oqHSy
Facebook: http://on.fb.me/172VKne

»» Watch CCTV America 8:00pm -- 10:00pm EST daily ««

Washington, DC (and greater area)
• MHz - Channel 3
• COMCAST (Xfinity) - Channel 273

New York City
• Time Warner - Channel 134
• FiOS (Verizon) - Channel 277

Los Angeles
• Charter Cable - Channel 562
• Time Warner - Channel 155

Satellite Nationwide
• DISH TV - Channel 279, The NSA memo suggests that such surveillance was not isolated as the agency routinely monitors world leaders. 

The National Security Agency monitored the phone conversations of 35 world leaders after being given the numbers by an official in another US government department, according to a classified document provided by whistleblower Edward Snowden.

Photograph: Guardian, BREAKING NEWS:
AFP: A huge blast rocked a US-owned candy factory in northern Mexico on Thursday, causing the ceiling to collapse, injuring more than 40 people and leaving 20 more missing, officials said., Watch CCTV AMERICA with Elaine Reyes at 8 PM US Eastern!
Tonight, despite new allegations surfacing daily, the US isn't too apologetic about its spy program. And its allies are demanding answers and considering action

In a rare move, China's publishing regulator voices concern about a journalist's arrest.

Also,  we're on the ground in Cuba to give you an up-close look at rebuilding efforts one year after Superstorm Sandy., Today #cctvamerica #yoursay:
What is your opinion on the issues of gay rights in your country?

MONGOLIA, PODGORICA : Participants take part in Montenegro gay pride parade in Podgorica on October 20, 2013. The capital of the staunchly conservative Montenegro hosted on Sunday its first Gay Pride parade during which police clashed with hundreds of protesters hurling stones and firecrackers at participants., Today #cctvamerica #yoursay:
What is your opinion on the issues of gay rights in your country?, To explore the subject of data security, catch anchor Mike Walter's interview with Allan Friedman of the Brookings Institution.
http://bit.ly/1hdngTC, Check out #cctvamerica 10/23 #YOURSAY for "How do you think recent spying allegations will impact relations between the U.S. and the rest of the world?", We want to hear Your Say once again!

How do you think recent spying allegations will impact relations between the U.S. and the rest of the world?

Let us know below or tweet us @CCTV_America and have Your Say put on air!, As thousands of refugees, many of them children, continue to pour over the Syrian border into Turkey, the Turkish government is struggling to build schools to provide education for the displaced youth. Already 55 schools have been built around the country, but much more is needed to accommodate every child.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-fw5UQBCb4, Check out #cctvamerica 10/22 #YOURSAY for "What would you do to fight air pollution?", This week on Americas Now: Fighting for Jamaica’s gay rights

In this Caribbean nation, deeply rooted in Christianity, homosexuality is perceived as a sin.  And there are laws prohibiting sex between two men with up to ten years punishment. But a quiet movement is challenging the law in hopes of stopping the discrimination and ending the violence.  In Jamaica, homosexuals live in fear. As Jamaica’s gay community faces legal battles in the courtroom, the battles within society are expected to last much longer.

Tune in this Sunday night at 8:30 PM EDT!

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Mike Walter at 8 PM US Eastern!
Tonight, as world leaders try to broker a peace deal for Syria, the violence escalates. 
A red alert for thick smog issued by Meteorological authorities in China's Jilin and Liaoning provinces.
And Amnesty International has called on the U.S. to investigate the number of civilian deaths and injuries that have been caused by drone strikes in Pakistan.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Today #cctvamerica #yoursay: What would you do to fight air pollution?

Schools, major roads and an airport remained closed Tuesday, as a thick cloud of filthy smog smothered the northeastern city of Harbin., Today #cctvamerica #yoursay: What would you do to fight air pollution?

This October 22, 2013 NASA / NOAA satellite image shows heavy smog has shrouded much of eastern China, and air quality levels have been dropped to extremely dangerous levels. Harbin, a northeastern city of more than 10 million people and the host of a popular annual ice festival, was shrouded in smog, with visibility in some areas reduced to less than 50 metres. The heavy smog is caused by industrial pollution, coal and agricultural burning, and has been trapped by the mountains to the west and wind patterns. The thick haze of smog is clearly visible as the murky grey color in this true color, Been to Hong Kong? #cctvamerica 
Cathy Yang reports on the rising inflation rates in Hong Kong and their impact on consumers. Some say that the local currency's ties to the U.S. Dollar could be partly to blame for the problem.
SHARE: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXqGkHXncrU, Back to the battle of Mogadishu 20 years ago? 
CCTV's Sean Callebs speaks to retired U.S. Army Ranger Sgt. Jeffrey Struecker, who was one of the soldiers present in Mogadishu during the infamous 'Black Hawk Down' incident. 
Sgt. Struecker recounts his experience of the day-long battle which pitted his small group of troops against thousands of Somalis on their mission to capture the top henchman of a local warlord.

Share: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBa5DrZKPVI, Check out #cctvamerica 10/21 YOUR SAY for "What should be done about the U.S. spying on other governments’ phone calls and emails?", DON'T miss CCTV America! Tonight we begin in France, where the United States is again under fire for its intelligence gathering methods.


Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EST everyday.
D.C. Comcast 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS (Verizon) 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV 279, What should be done about the U.S. spying on other governments’ phone calls and emails?, 20 years after the infamous “Black Hawk Down” incident in Mogadishu, former U.S. Army Ranger Jeff Struecker returns to the battleground in Somalia. He tells CCTV’s Sean Callebs how the experience changed his life forever. 

Don't miss "Insight" tonight on CCTV America @ 8:20pm Eastern!

Courtesy: Return to Mogadishu, Catch up on The Heat, CCTV America's current affairs talk show. This week, CCTV's Anand Naidoo speaks to a panel of experts about the deal that Washington has made to end the government shutdown. Is real progress being made, or will partisan politics rule the day?

Watch it here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClFMx7RWd1z0CgH9hTyfjjw, null, This Week on Americas Now: Saving the Future of Brazil

Elaine Reyes hosts "AMERICAS NOW," a weekly news magazine program produced by CCTV America in Washington, D.C.

Watch on Sunday 8:30 PM US Eastern!

D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279

http://bit.ly/1gqIMGB, Catch up on BizAsiaAmerica's latest tech report. CCTV's Mark Niu investigates the next big thing: 'brain-training'.
http://bit.ly/1a4D9IX, Watch our coverage of the Atlanta Zoo's panda program, and meet a pair of adorable newborn panda twins! CCTV's Sean Callebs reported from Atlanta:

http://youtu.be/uU5AitvHEcY, A five-minute animation featuring stories about Chinese President Xi Jinping, U.S. President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron, has surprised Chinese Internet users due to the playful manner in which it depicts Chinese leaders.

The video has been viewed nearly 1.5 million times on Youku, one of the most popular Chinese video websites. It is the first time a Chinese leader has appeared in cartoon images.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5a_r1UbPkc, Rescuers searched for bodies after a Lao Airlines plane believed to be carrying 49 people, around half of them foreigners, plunged into the Mekong River during stormy weather!  More details tonight at 8PM EST!, Tonight on CCTV America, 
U-S President Barack Obama has named the man he wants to be his next head of Homeland Security. We'll bring you the latest updates!  Tune in at 8PM EST!, CCTV America YourSay, CCTV's Sean Callebs is at the Atlanta Zoo to meet two of its newest residents, and to find out about the challenges faced in ensuring the healthy growth of baby pandas.

Tune in TONIGHT for our coverage of the Atlanta Zoo's panda program., Every day, 840 million people go hungry in a world that destroys or throws away millions of tons of food every year, The non-profit group OxFam is trying to change that with a program called Grow.

Anand Naidoo asked the group's senior "agriculture" policy advisor about the program.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Uu_GwHPpUs, CCTV America YourSay

What would you name the baby pandas at the Atlanta Zoo?

We look forward to passing on your suggestions to the Atlanta Zoo!

Tune in to CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EST
D.C. Comcast 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS (Verizon) 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner 155, Take a look at these baby pandas!

Atlanta Zoo welcomes two of its newest residents. Wonder the challenges faced in ensuring the healthy growth of baby pandas?

Tune in on Friday for our coverage of the Atlanta Zoo's panda program! #cctvlive

Tune in to CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EST
D.C. Comcast 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS (Verizon) 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner 155, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Elaine Reyes at 8 PM US Eastern:

Tonight:
Hundreds of thousands of US government employees returned to work after a last-minute deal in the U-S Congress on Wednesday night.

Graphic video has been released from the attack at the Westgate Shopping Mall in Nairobi, Kenya. It shows gunmen killing people in cold blood. We warn you, the images you're about to see are disturbing.

And,

In China, the amount of food being grown has been increasing. But because more people are moving out of the countryside and into cities, there's concern that crop production could begin to drop. 

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Take a look at these baby pandas!

CCTV's Sean Callebs is at the Atlanta Zoo to meet two of its newest residents, and to find out about the challenges faced in ensuring the healthy growth of baby pandas.

Tune in on Friday for our coverage of the Atlanta Zoo's panda program!, We want to hear Your Say on the most important issues of the day!

Tune in to CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EST
D.C. Comcast 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS (Verizon) 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner 155, What exactly is the "freegan" movement? Find out on Yakenda McGahee's BizAsiaAmerica report.
http://bit.ly/1aRWZp4, PHILIPPINES, Manila : Thousands of people line up for charity packages being given out. 

What do you think should be done to ease hunger? 

We want to hear Your Say on the most important issues of the day!

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EST everyday.
D.C. Comcast 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS (Verizon) 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV 279, Take a look at these baby pandas!

CCTV's Sean Callebs is at the Atlanta Zoo to meet two of its newest residents, and to find out about the challenges faced in ensuring the healthy growth of baby pandas.

Tune in on Friday for our coverage of the Atlanta Zoo's panda program!, What do you think should be done to ease hunger?  

We want to hear Your Say on the most important issues of the day! 

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EST everyday.
D.C. Comcast 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS (Verizon) 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV 279, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Elaine Reyes at 8 PM US Eastern:

Tonight:
A roller-coaster ride Tuesday as Congress takes it down to the wire to resolve the government shutdown and raise the debt ceiling.

New video of that violent, deadly earthquake that rattled the Philippines. We'll have the latest on the aftermath as the death toll continues to climb.

And,

It's day one of Iran nuclear talks in Geneva. Iranian negotiators laid out a plan to break a decade deadlock over Tehran's nuclear program

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, With the latest instance of cyber bullying coming from Florida, as a 12-year-old girl committed suicide following harassment from two other girls, we want to hear Your Say:

What should be done about online bullying?, Tonight: CCTV's Jim Spellman explains how the U.S. government shutdown is having a real impact on ordinary Americans., Tonight on CCTV America hundreds of thousands of people who fled India's strongest cyclone in 14 years returned home to scenes of devastation, as survivors stranded at sea during the storms were finally rescued! We'll the last updates at 8PM EST!, Are you concerned that the U.S. will default on its debt this week?

We want to hear Your Say on the most important issues of the day! 
Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EST everyday.
D.C. Comcast 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS (Verizon) 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV 279, At the 2013 APEC Summit in Bali, Indonesia, Americas Now host Elaine Reyes sits down with Chilean President Sebastián Piñera for a rare interview.
SHARE: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzRr05BvdBU, CCTV's Stephen Gibbs explores how the circus is bringing hope to marginalized children in Brazil's underdeveloped areas.
SHARE: http://youtu.be/KNlyBvQRk3I, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Anand Naidoo at 8 PM US Eastern!

Tonight

The US government has now been closed for 13 days. CCTV’s Jessica Stone reports on the latest developments.

Don't miss CCTV correspondent Nathan King’s profile on the Navy Seals, who recently have conducted two special forces operations in Africa. 

And

The circus comes to Brazil’s slums, or “favelas.” CCTV's Stephen Gibbs has more from Brazil.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.


D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Catch up on the CCTV America special, "What Lies Beneath," on the subject of the hydraulic fracturing or "fracking" industry.

See more here: http://bit.ly/19e7d2C, As part of CCTV America's ongoing coverage of the rapidly expanding hydraulic fracturing industry, CCTV's Jessica Stone visited northeastern Pennsylvania where vineyard owners are concerned over the impact of local natural gas wells on their grapes.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6tfac7QOA4, Don't miss our interview with OECD's Angel Gurria Tonight on BizAsiaAmerica at 8pm EST!, CCTV's Jack Barton explores the impact of hydraulic fracturing exploration on the Netherlands., In Egypt, supporters of the ousted president Mohammed Morsi took to the streets...to mark the 100th day since Morsi's ouster. 
One protester was killed and seven injured. Don't miss the latest update tonight | 21:00 EST |, What's Europe's perspective on Fracking? Check out CCTV's Richard Bestic report., TONIGHT! we'll have the latest details on a massive cyclone that's being called "historic" and of potentially "catastrophic proportions" is continuing to gain strength as it approaches eastern India., Chinese Premier Li Keqiang has called on East Asian countries to step up cooperation and deepen mutual security trust to safeguard regional peace and stability. Li made the remarks in an address to the East Asia summit held in the Bruneian capital.

Premier Li suggested East Asian countries strengthen strategic cooperation and jointly rise up to challenges. He said more cooperation is needed in fields of food and energy security, natural disasters, climate change, and public health.

http://english.cntv.cn/program/newsupdate/20131011/100174.shtml, Will shale gas drive the future of global industrialization? .

CCTV America's Mike Walter speaks with Holger Knappenschneider, founder of the Global Alliance for Shale Energy, talks about the organization and how the rise of the shale gas industry may impact the international energy market.

http://youtu.be/3X7lOX_r-NU, What are some of the health impacts of fraking? Watch this report to learn more:, Jessia Stone sits down with Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection's Chris Abruzzo to address the impacts of "fracking" on the Pennsylvania environment., CCTV America's Jessica Stone heads to Pennsylvania to investigate claims that shale gas collected via hydraulic fracturing is contaminating water for local residents.

http://youtu.be/jDBmhvz1Lec, CCTV America Mike Walter speaks with Cornell Engineering Professor Anthony Ingraffea on why hydraulic fracturing is said to release a larger amount of methane gas into the atmosphere than conventional oil drilling.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziUFLzqxLdo&feature=youtu.be, In our ongoing series “What Lies Beneath”, CCTV's Ginger Vaughn investigates concerns over increasingly frequent earthquakes caused by the rapidly developing fracking industry, just one of many environmental issues raised by critics of the popularizing practice., CCTV AmericaYakenda McGahee heads to Wyoming to examine the impact of the growing fracking industry on local air quality, with some residents complaining that once pristine skies have started to become smoggy. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=682l95HYNTY&feature=youtu.be, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Mike Walter at 8 PM US Eastern!

Another day, and still no solution to the government shutdown.
We've got the latest, including the most recent proposal by Republican lawmakers.

A scary scene in Libya, as the Prime Minister is kidnapped by armed gunmen, only to be released a few hours later. We've got the details.

And Small town, big bucks. As our in-depth look at fracking continues, we'll take you to Bradford County in Pennsylvania.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, First fracking law in California takes effect January 2014. 
What does this mean for the future of the industry? 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Z1t473kubM&feature=youtu.be, CCTV America's Jim Spellman takes an in-depth look into concerns over the regulatory climate of the developing #shale gas industry in the United States, as worries over environmental risks have led to many pushing for a more cautious approach in moving the industry forward. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2RtHc6txPc&feature=youtu.be, null, In our ongoing series “What Lies Beneath”, we take you to Bradford County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania where a natural gas boom is making millionaires of ordinary small town folks. CCTV’s Jessica Stone has our report from Towanda, Pennsylvania, the seat of local government in Bradford County. http://youtu.be/xcxlV7I9Q6w, Philip Yin hosts Director of Regulatory and State Affairs at the Institute of Energy Research, Daniel Simmons, and Senior Economist at the Prepacton Institute, Jannette Barth, for a discussion on the future growth of hydraulic fracturing in the United States. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLZFE1htGxU&feature=youtu.be, An opportunity to get your voice heard through an international broadcaster! 
Tell us your ideas on this topic: Should Malala Yousafzai win the Nobel Peace Prize?
We will show your responses on air tonight @ 8 PM EST! 

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EST everyday.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 279, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang on Thursday called on East Asian countries to deepen security mutual trust to safeguard regional peace and stability.
Li made the remarks in an address to an East Asia summit held here in the Bruneian capital., Don't miss CCTV America's special, "What Lies Beneath," on the controversial subject of hydraulic fracturing or "fracking." Anchor Phillip Yin finds out about the environmental impact of fracking.
http://bit.ly/1ebnKr0, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Mike Walter at 8 PM US Eastern!

Tonight, the US is cutting off some aid to Egypt following months of violence after the military forced President Mohammed Morsi out of office. We'll have the latest, including a live report from Cairo.

Almost four years after the devastating earthquake in Haiti, a group is suing the United Nations, accusing them of spreading cholera, killing thousands.

And our in-depth look into hydraulic fracturing continues. We'll go to South America, home to one of the largest oil and shale reserves in the world.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang attends China-ASEAN summit

In Brunei, 23rd Summit of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations is underway in the capital Bandar Seri Begawan. Chinese Premier Li Keqiang is attending the summit and expressed China’s views on promoting cooperation and development in the region.

Ten years of strategic partnership between China and ASEAN.

At the 16th China-ASEAN Summit, the two sides have discussed deepening cooperation in a number of fields.

The main topics include developing the China-ASEAN free trade area, setting up an Asian infrastructure investment bank and expanding regional maritime cooperation.

"From 2002 to 2012, trade volume between China and ASEAN countries grew by an average rate of 23.6 percent. Last year, trade volume reached 400 billion US dollars. China has become ASEAN’s largest trading partner," Li Keqiang said.

While trade is high in the agenda, the long-seething territorial disputes in South China Sea are also being discussed.

"Disputes in South China Sea should be addressed through negotiations among countries directly concerned. China and ASEAN countries are willing to maintain peace and stability in the South China Sea. Relevant countries should work for joint development before these disputes are resolved," Li Keqiang said.

Brunei is the first leg of Premier Li Keqiang’s Southeast Asia trip. He will also visit Thailand and Vietnam.

http://english.cntv.cn/program/china24/20131009/105100.shtml, 
Watch CCTV AMERICA with Mike Walter at 8 PM US Eastern!
 
Tonight 

Don’t miss the CCTV America special, "What Lies Beneath.” While there are economic benefits to the practice of "hydraulic fracturing," or "fracking", there is a dark side as well. CCTV’s Jessica Stone visits Pennsylvania, where fracking led to one family’s nightmare becoming a reality.
 
The Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) is sending a second team of inspectors to Syria to expand its mission to destroy the country's poison gas stockpile. CCTV correspondent Sean Callebs has the latest.
 
And
 
As the US government shutdown continues, the debt ceiling debate is in full swing. CCTV America is joined by Richard Fowler, host of "The Richard Fowler Show."

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM tonight.
 D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
 N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
 L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
 Dish TV Channel 279, We want to hear Your Say on the most important issues of the day! 
Tune in to CCTV AMERICA at 7 PM and 8 PM EST everyday.
D.C. Comcast 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner  134 | FIOS (Verizon) 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV 279, null, null, null, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Anand Naidoo at 8 PM US Eastern!

Tonight

On CCTV America’s weekly magazine program, Americas Now, host Elaine Reyes sits down for an exclusive interview with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto at the 2013 APEC Summit in Indonesia. 

In Egypt, reports indicate that up to 38 people have been killed in clashes between security forces and supporters of ousted president Mohammed Morsi. Don’t miss CCTV correspondent Adel EL-Mahoruky’s report.

And

There’s been a shakeup in Brazilian politics with the unexpected announcement of an alliance between two of the country’s leading opposition figures: State governor Eduardo Campos and environmentalist Marina Silva. CCTV’s Stephen Gibbs has more.



For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Diplomatic Squabble between the US and Venezuela?

Check out CCTV correspondent Martin Markovits' report on the latest developments concerning the relations between the United States and Venezuela.
http://bit.ly/18HRt93, Tonight on CCTV America's nightly news hour at 8 PM EDT:

It's day 5 of the U.S. government shutdown; is Congress any closer to passing a budget to get things moving again in Washington?

Greenpeace held a rally in Moscow Saturday in response to the detaining of several activists after attempting to board a Russian offshore oil platform in the Arctic. If convicted, the activists face a 15-year prison term.

And 

A Kenyan military spokesman confirmed the names of the four attackers who were responsible for a several day standoff in an upscale Nairobi mall which left 67 dead. We'll have more on the identity of those responsible.

For more watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Don't miss out on our show tonight!

With the U.S. government having been shut down for four days and still no deal in sight, our team investigates how the Americans most affected are coping with the situation. Many hope today will be that day it ends, but are uncertain as to when that actually will be the case.

Thanks to an increase of coffee crops in Colombia and Brazil and other economic factors, the price of the popular drink has been steadily declining over the last two years. We take a look at how this is affecting both established and emerging producers worldwide.

And 
Although President Obama will not be at the APEC conference in Bali, many other world leaders convened today to discuss a number of pressing issues.

For more watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, What do you think of President Obama’s plans to cancel his trip to Asia over the U.S. government shutdown?

Let us know below or on Twitter @CCTV_America and we'll show your responses on air tonight @ 8 PM EDT!, null, Beginning the week of October 7, CCTV America will air a series of in-depth reports on one of the energy industry’s most controversial practices: hydraulic fracturing. Featuring reports from the United States and around the world, hear from those directly involved and impacted. The series airs nightly on CCTV News, beginning October 7.  “What Lies Beneath” will air Monday, October 7 through Friday, October 11 at 8 pm US Eastern time. CCTV News is seen in Washington DC on COMCAST Channel 273; the MHZ 3 channel; In New York: Time Warner 134, Verizon FIOS 277; Los Angeles Time Warner 155 and nationwide on DISH TV Channel 279. Check listings in other cities., Watch CCTV AMERICA with Mike Walter at 8 PM US Eastern:

Tonight, "Government Shutdown, Day Three." Just days after the Washignton Navy Yard shooting, another shooting incident, this time near the U-S Capitol building.
We'll have a live report with the latest

The shutdown continues, and neither side looks like it's planning to budge anytime soon. We take a look at just who's being affected.

And it's been 20 years since two American helicopters were shot down in Somalia...
How the incident is still impacting American foreign policy to this day.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, How could the U.S. government shutdown impact the rest of the world?
Let us know below or on Twitter @CCTV_America and we'll show your responses on air tonight @ 8 PM EDT!

Protesters display placards during a demonstration in front of the US Capitol in Washington, DC, October 3, 2013, urging congress to end the federal government shutdown. US President Barack Obama on October 3, directly attacked Republican Speaker John Boehner, saying he could end a "reckless" US government shutdown in just five minutes., How could the U.S. government shutdown impact the rest of the world?

Let us know below or on Twitter @CCTV_America and we'll show your responses on air tonight @ 8 PM EDT!, Shootout at Capitol Hill, after car chase originating at White House gate, has ended.  One police officer has been airlifted to local medical center after being injured in crash.

Follow @CCTV_America on twitter for more.  

Photo by @KateNocera, BuzzFeed reporter on Capitol Hill., What's happening with the US Government Shutdown? CCTV America is joined by Steve Pruitt, Senior Partner at Watts Partners and Former Staff Director of the House Committee on the Budget.
http://bit.ly/1c9BfJL, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Mike Walter at 8 PM US Eastern:

Tonight, "Government Shutdown, Day Two." There is growing frustration, anger and no immediate resolution in sight. 

And our special "Brazil Uncovered". Instead of celebration and preparation for next June's World Cup, there's stagnation. Construction at one of the 12 stadiums to be used for the World Cup is halted. It's just the latest setback for the country.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279
, How long do you think the U.S. government shutdown will last?
Let us know below or on Twitter @CCTV_America and we'll show your responses on air tonight at 8 PM EDT!

UNITED STATES, Washington : A protester covers his mouth with a dollar bill as he joins others in a demonstration in front of the US Capitol in Washington, DC, on October 1, 2013 urging congress to pass the budget bill., How long do you think the U.S. government shutdown will last?

Let us know below or on Twitter @CCTV_America and we'll show your responses on air tonight at 8 PM EDT!, Mike Walter is a General News Anchor at CCTV America. 

He is also host of CCTV America's The Heat. The weekly public affairs talk show airs at 8:30pm on Saturday evenings. Guests have included Tom Brokaw, members of the Senate and House, Pulitzer Prize winning journalist Tom Friedman, and Gov. Jon Huntsman. 

CCTV America opened its bureau in Washington in late 2011. Mike anchored the first broadcast from Washington to 115 countries worldwide on February 7th, 2012.
 
He has won 5 Emmys, including the prestigious Ted Yates Award which is only given after a unanimous vote of the board of directors of the Washington Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences., Visitors stand before the national flag on Tiananmen Square in Beijing on October 1, 2013. 
China is celebrating its National Day, marking the 64th anniversary of the founding of the People's Republic of China. CCTV America, Time to give us YOUR SAY on the biggest news of the day once again! What do you think of the U.S. government shutdown? 

Comment below and see your response tonight at 8 PM EDT on CCTV America's nightly news hour!, What do you think of a US government shutdown showdown? Let us know your opinion and make sure to tune in to CCTV America to hear YOUR SAY on-air!, Will the United States government shutdown? Find out the latest details during our broad coverage on this issue tonight. 

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM tonight.



D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Brazil Uncovered: The Kayapo People

CCTV's Sean Callebs visits the Kayapo people of Brazil, who are feeling the pressures of the country's economic boom on their traditional way of life.
http://bit.ly/1bktroQ, We want to hear Your Say on what is going on around the world. Tonight's question: 

What impact can a U.N. resolution have on the crisis in Syria? 

Give us your opinion below and tune in at 8 PM EDT to see it on air!, What impact can  a U.N. resolution have on the crisis in Syria? Tune in to CCTV America tonight @ 8pm EST to hear YOUR SAY on-air!, null, null, Join the discussion on hot issues everyday on @CCTVNEWS Weibo, @CCTV_America Twitter and Facebook. Tune in at 8pm EST today to hear your ideas on-air! Check out what was on YOUR SAY last night! 

What do you think of President Rouhani’s proposal for all countries to get rid of their nuclear weapons?, Join the discussion on hot issues everyday on @CCTVNEWS Weibo, @CCTV_America Twitter and Facebook. Tune in at 8pm EST today to hear your ideas on-air! Check out what was on YOUR SAY last night!, Tune in Sept 29th for "AMERICAS NOW", a weekly television magazine produced by CCTV America in Washington DC. 

Watch on Sunday 8:30 PM US Eastern!
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, What do you think of President Rouhani’s proposal for all countries to get rid of their nuclear weapons? Tune in to CCTV America tonight @ 8pm EST to hear YOUR SAY on-air!, What do you think of President Rouhani’s proposal for all countries to get rid of their nuclear weapons? Tune in to CCTV America tonight @ 8pm EST to hear YOUR SAY on-air!, Join the discussion on hot issues everyday on @CCTVNEWS Weibo, @CCTV_America Twitter and Facebook. Tune in at 8pm EST today to hear your ideas on-air!, Should countries provide universal healthcare? Join the discussion on Facebook and Twitter @cctv_america. Tune in to CCTV America tonight @ 8pm EST to hear YOUR SAY on-air!, Should countries provide universal healthcare?  Join the discussion on Facebook and Twitter @cctv_america. Tune in to CCTV America tonight @ 8pm EST to hear YOUR SAY on-air!, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani spoke at the UN today. 
Do you believe Iran and the West have entered a “new era” in nuclear talks? Join the discussion on Facebook and Twitter @cctv_america. Tune in to CCTV America tonight @ 8pm EST to hear YOUR SAY on-air!, Do you believe Iran and the West have entered a “new era” in nuclear talks? Join the discussion on Facebook and Twitter @cctv_america. Tune in to CCTV America tonight @ 8pm EST to hear YOUR SAY on-air!, Do you believe Iran and the West have entered a “new era” in nuclear talks? Join the discussion on Facebook and Twitter @cctv_america. Tune in to CCTV America tonight @ 8pm EST to hear YOUR SAY on-air!, Join us once again, in another journey around the globe!


Tonight on our new CCTV America news show


Security forces in Kenya are still trying to flush out gunmen who have been terrorizing a shopping mall in the capital Nairobi since Saturday. Find out what influential politicians have to say.


The Syrian military trying to dislodge pockets of resistance in the suburbs ringing Damascus.  They have increased their efforts to prevent opposition forces re-entering the city and targeting government offices and ministers. 

And

As part of our special week-long coverage, “Brazil Uncovered” tonight we explore the political system of Brazil.  You want to learn how this system is built? Tune in at CCTV AMERICA at 8 PM US Eastern!


For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, What can be done to prevent attacks like the one at the mall in Nairobi, Kenya? Join the discussion on Facebook and Twitter @cctv_america. Tune in to CCTV America tonight @ 8pm EST to hear YOUR SAY on-air!
#kenyamall #cctvamerica, The terror of the shootings at the Westgate Mall in Nairobi is apparent in this exclusive video from
A CCTV Africa reporter at a Westgate Mall supermarket Saturday

http://bit.ly/1aWNuGg, Anand Naidoo is a South African-American anchor and correspondent for CCTV America based in Washington, DC.
He joined CCTV America in July 12 after six years as an anchor for Al Jazeera English, and ten years CNN International's World News anchor prior.
Before joining CNN in 1997, Anand was the principal evening news anchor for the South African Broadcasting Corp. in Johannesburg. He began his broadcast career in Belgium, where he worked as a field producer for Belgian television as well as a producer and anchor for the Belgian Radio World Service.
Anand has also worked as a news editor on Radio 702, a Johannesburg independent radio station and a presenter on the South African cable station, M-Net.
He began his career as a newspaper journalist on the Johannesburg Rand Daily Mail.
Among the major stories Anand has covered during his career was the release of Nelson Mandela and the first all-race elections in South Africa in 1994. He has also anchored breaking news coverage on the bomb blasts at the US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania, the North Korean missile tests, the Nato Air Campaign in Yugoslavia and the Bosnian war and the 2nd Gulf War in Iraq.
Anand is the recipient of several prestigious journalism awards including the George Peabody award for coverage of Hurricane Katrina and the Alfred I. duPont-Columbia University Award for coverage of the Tsunami disaster in South East Asia., This Week on The Heat: Diplomacy on the Syrian Conflict

Host Mike Walter discusses the latest stories from the region with experts on Middle East policy.  

Watch The Heat this Saturday at 8:30 PM EST!


CCTV America:
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Elaine Reyes at 8 PM US Eastern!

U.S. President Barack Obama traveled to a Ford plant in Kansas City in an effort to rally the middle class around the platform of job creation. This comes as Congress deliberates how to avoid a looming government shutdown.

And

Syria has submitted a declaration about its chemical weapons stockpiles to the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. The move is part of a US-Russian plan to remove and destroy chemical weapons in Syria by mid-2014.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Next week BRAZIL UNCOVERED
 
Watch for more from Monday September 23rd on all CCTV America programming., Latina Consumer Power

CCTV's Mary MacCarthy reports that Hispanic women are now the most influential consumers in the United States. As a result U.S companies are now waking up and targeting this market., Today marks the Mid-Autumn "Mooncake" Festival. It is a time of celebration for friends and family to reunite under a full moon. CCTV America wishes everyone a happy Chinese Moon Festival!, Profiling the Navy Yard Shooter 

CCTV America anchor Mike Walter is joined by former FBI profiler James McNamara to discuss a possible psychological profile for Aaron Alexis

http://bit.ly/18CDIei, 5-Year Anniversary of the Great Recession

CCTV America anchor Mike Walter sits down with Atiba Madyun, principal at the Madyun Group, to discuss the state of the nation's economy.
http://bit.ly/1960lCx, Republicans representatives say they will raise US debt limit with defunding Obama's signature health-care law in exchange. 
What do you think? Please tell CCTV America in reply.

#CCTVAmerica

Byline / Source / Credit
WIN MCNAMEE / GETTY IMAGES NORTH AMERICA / AFP, Former U.S. Navy reservist Aaron Alexis has been confirmed as the lone killer responsible for Monday's shooting at the Washington Navy Yard in the nation's capitol which left 12 dead. Alexis gained entrance to the facility via his access as a contractor, and had been discharged in 2011 due to a "pattern of misbehavior" according to Navy officials., Watch CCTV AMERICA with Phillip Yin at 8 PM US Eastern

A terrifying day for Washington DC: A gunman opened fire at the Washington Navy Yard, killing multiple people and wounding countless others. CCTV America has more on this story.

Today marks the 5-Year Anniversary of the Great Recession. President Obama spoke publicly about the current state of the nation’s economy. Don’t miss CCTV correspondent Nina-Maria Potts’ report from Washington.

And

Who will be the next Fed chief? For insights on the nomination and the outlook on this week’s Fed meeting, BizAsiaAmerica is joined by Peter Schiff, CEO of Euro Pacific Capital.



For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, World's Largest Retailer Offers Same-Sex Benefits Plan 

Watch CCTV correspondent Ginger Vaughn's report on Walmart's move to include same-sex benefits to couples across the nation.

http://bit.ly/14aFWxS, Basketball icon Yao Ming and famous Chinese actress Li Bingbing call for public awareness on poaching.
http://bit.ly/1dbuqoA, The Russia-U.S. agreement on resolving the Syria crisis will "ease the current tense situation that may be triggered at any moment in Syria and creates new prospects for resolving the chemical weapons issue in Syria through peaceful means," according to the Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi after a meeting with his French counterpart, Laurent Fabius., The US consulate in Afghanistan's Herat province fell under attack Friday, as a heavy gunfight between militants and security forces took place after a truck bomb exploded outside the consulate's gates, resulting in 3 deaths and 17 other injuries. The Taliban has claimed responsibility for the attack, stating that their aim was "to show the Americans that they are not safe anywhere in this country.", 4 Indian men involved in the rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman have been sentenced to death. Anger about this assault had a widespread impact in India. It stirred up large-scale demonstrations, initiated conversations  about women's treatment in Indian society as well opened doors to demand tougher punishments for sexual abuse., Over 100 women were arrested Thursday after blockading the intersection outside the House of Representatives in Washington, DC, in protesting the House's inaction on comprehensive immigration reform that treats women and children fairly. The activists included several undocumented women, who willingly submitted to arrest. More than 200 supporters stood by during the event., How will Japan’s selection as host of the 2020 Olympic Games impact Japan’s economy? Check out BizAsiaAmerica’s interview with Georgetown Professor Michael Czinkota.

http://bit.ly/1aubRuV, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrived in Geneva early Thursday for a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Russia's proposal for dismantling Syria's chemical weapons capabilities. The talk will cover the seriousness of the plan, as well as the logistics of placing the stockpiles under international supervision., A blast from a car bomb rocked a Libyan foreign ministry building in Benghazi, exactly one year after an attack on the U.S. Consulate in the same city. The building was formerly used as the U.S. Consulate in the 50's and 60's. Officials say several were injured, and no one has claimed responsibility for the attack., Nearly every Chinese who has a smartphone has this messaging app—Wechat. Tencent, the company that developed Wechat, also announced that it had 70 million registered users outside of China, with a 30 million user jump in about 3 months. CCTV news reported Mark Niu has the details on this new invention. 
http://bit.ly/1e3iurW, As fingerprint authorization has become the most popular new feature of the Apple 5S, a similar technology— eye scanning may pose a potential challenge for it. CCTV's Mark Niu takes a look into the details of this new technology.
http://bit.ly/1g0mLZN, It has been 12 years since the 9/11 attack, which killed almost 3,000 people in New York, the Washington DC area and Pennsylvania. But today the U.S. is still remembering the national tragedy. President Obama and Vice-President Biden, together with their wives, are marking the 12th anniversary of 9/11 attack. Obama said: “Our hearts still ache.”, The US will work with its allies at the United Nations to explore a plan set forth by Russia to avoid military action in Syria by having the international community take control of Syria’s chemical weapons stockpile, according to a senior White House official., Apple has revealed its brand new iphone 5S and iphone 5C on Tuesday at a Cupertino, California media event. The 5S, in addition to increased processing power, will come with a variety of new features, including the rumored fingerprint scanner. The cheaper 5C will have less features and is considered Apple's attempt to break into emerging markets with a more affordable smartphone option. Both phones will be released on September 20, two days after the release of Apple's new iOS 7 software., The Syrian government has reportedly accepted Russia's proposal that it hand over its chemical weapons to international control for destruction, according to Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem. The agreement is only verbal at this stage, and Russia is said to be working on the concrete plan which will lay out the specific terms., 2 people were killed and at least 44 were injured in an explosion in front of an elementary school in Guilin, Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region. Many of the victims were school children and the school has been closed down for the time being. Investigations are underway by authorities., Following statements made by US Secretary of State John Kerry, Russia has put forth a proposal asking that Syria submits any and all chemical weapons to the international community. While US officials have downplayed Kerry's comments as rhetorical, they have planned to take a "hard look" at the proposal, which comes as Congress deliberates the option of taking punitive military action against the Syrian regime in response to alleged chemical weapons use., Watch CCTV AMERICA with Anand Naidoo at 8 PM US Eastern

Tonight:

•  President Obama is trying to convince the U.S. public and Congress that military intervention is needed in Syria: Don’t miss Sean Callebs’ special report.   

•  On his European tour, US Secretary of State John Kerry has been meeting with members of the Arab League to drum up support for a military strike on Syria. CCTV correspondent Jack Barton reports.

And

•  In Mexico, tens of thousands of people protested over legislation being considered that would open up the country’s energy sector to foreign companies. For more, watch CCTV correspondent Franc Contreras’ report.



For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Watch CCTV America’s report from correspondent Stephen Gibbs on the protests taking place throughout Brazil. Protesters are demanding political reform and improved social services.
http://bit.ly/182GskC, Watch BizAsiaAmerica’s interview with Dr. Steve Perry, Capital Preparatory Magnet School Principal and educational expert, on the value of higher education. College tuition (both at the state and private level) is skyrocketing and forcing many families to face tough decisions concerning the academic future of their children.
http://bit.ly/17Py6t0, Sean Callebs has been a network reporter in four different decades. He comes to CCTV with more than 20-years experience at CNN, where he covered a wide array of stories. Sean was CNN’s point person based in New Orleans during the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. 

Sean also put a face on the problem of poverty in the United States when he lived on food stamps for a month, and was nationally recognized for his work as the number of people dependent of food stamps surged from about 26-million to more than 32-million in the United States.

Sean has worked in a number of countries including China, Cuba, Guatemala, Afghanistan, Jordan, and Kuwait. He reported from Ground Zero in New York for weeks in the aftermath of the attacks on 9-11.

Sean also anchored news programs on CNN and CNN Headline News, and was in the anchor chair the morning Saddam Hussein was captured in Iraq. Sean also got the only interview with Timothy McVeigh’s co-conspirator in the aftermath of the horrific attack on the federal building in Oklahoma City.

Sean has been widely recognized for his work –among his awards, a National Emmy for his coverage in the aftermath of the Mississippi River flood in 1993. He received a Gold Medal at the New York Film Festival that same year for a documentary on Alaska three years after the Exxon Valdez Spill. He won numerous awards for spot news reporting, including that involving Hurricane Katrina, and the Oklahoma City Bombing.

Sean also served as a diplomat in 2011 in Afghanistan working for the US State Department in helping rebuild the TV, radio, and film industries in Afghanistan.

He is a distinguished alum from Marshall University, and delivered the commencement address at the University in 2010.

Source:　http://english.cntv.cn/correspondent/seancallebs/index.shtml, Americas Now, September 8th: Higher Education in Venezuela

Protests in Venezuela, once again, show the rocky status between state and society relations.


Watch on Sunday 8:30 PM US Eastern!
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279

http://bit.ly/1e0gphs, This Week on The Heat: The US Debates Military Strikes against Syria

With insights from experts on Middle East policy, the subject of military strikes against Syria is discussed.

Watch The Heat this Saturday at 8:30 PM EST!
http://bit.ly/15CcDl0


CCTV America:
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, Protests against possible US and allies attack on Syria are taking place worldwide., Jordan is now home to six hundred thousand refugees who have fled the fighting in Syria, increasing its population by ten percent. Many of the refugees are housed in huge camps in the desert, but others have moved into Jordan’s cities taking much needed housing and jobs. Because of this, many in Jordan are concerned that the cost of their hospitality could be too much to bear. 

CCTV's Tony Cheng will have more tonight at 8 and 9 PM EDT on CCTV America, Elaine Reyes is a news anchor for CCTV America based in Washington, D.C. She joined CCTV News from WRC-TV, the NBC station in Washington, DC.
Elaine was also a reporter and anchor in Atlanta, Georgia and several other US television stations. She has also covered stories for major American networks including, MSNBC, FOX News, CBS, CNN and the Weather Channel.
Elaine has covered everything from natural disasters to Presidents and everything in between.
Both the Southeast Chapter of National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and Georgia Associated Press have recognized her work.
Elaine is a member of the Asian American Journalists Association and a graduate of AAJA's Executive Leadership Program. She holds a degree in Journalism from the University of Georgia. ", With news of potential US military strikes in Syria looming after allegations of chemical weapons use, protesters in Damascus are lining up at possible attack sites, calling themselves "human shields" with the goal of protecting their country. The move is made to deter Western military intervention in the region, as protesters carry signs saying "hands off Syria." This comes as Syrian President Assad has moved forces into civilian areas in anticipation of missile strikes.

Alaa Ebrahim will have the report tonight on CCTV America. Tune in at 8 and 9 PM EDT!, Tonight on CCTV America: Filio Kontrafouri will be live from Beirut, Lebanon.

The consequences of heavy strife in Syria's ongoing crisis has not only been felt domestically, as over two million Syrian refugees have ended up in neighboring countries. In Lebanon, home to the Hezbollah movement which has committed military forces to the Assad regime, an estimated three thousand refugees are pouring over its northern border every day, putting an immense strain on its resources. The conflict threatens to rupture Lebanon's already fragile social order, and expectations of Western military intervention leave many fearing an internal meltdown., Strikes, dating back to February, have university faculty and students protesting the underfunding of Venezuela's higher education. The government expanded existing institutions, creating new public universities -- and a parallel system -- one that can be closely controlled. But, at the core, these protests are about more than just higher salaries, they're about the rocky status of state-and-society relations.

Our feature piece this week on Americas Now: "Higher Education in Venezuela"

Be sure to tune in Sunday at 8:30 PM EDT!

D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Peter Bechtold, professor of Political Science at Portland State University, joined us to talk about the political gamble taken by Obama in going to Congress for support in striking Syria. Bechtold acknowledged that the administration is undertaking a 'PR and marketing campaign' to sway opinion in the favor of military action, though as it stands Congress would not approve the plan as US citizens have expressed overwhelming opposition to further involvement in the Middle East.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FbomxW4h8U, Diana Nyad, an American author, journalist, and long-distance swimmer, succeed in her 5th try of swimming from Havana, Cuba to Key West, Florida. She became the first person to swim from Cuba to the Florida without the assistance of a shark cage. The entire journey took her 53 hours., India's Rupee began to slip further in international currency markets on Monday, deepening the already significant troubles plaguing the Indian economy. Watch our interview with senior fellow at the Peterson Institute Arvind Subramanian to find out more about the Rupee and its outlook for the near future.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIYrJ0lLzvQ, 63 people have been hurt and about 110 houses totally destroyed or partly damaged in Eastern Japan as a tornado ripped through the region. Electricity supply has also been cut for about 33,000 households in the region, possibly due to lightning strikes, according to utility Tokyo Electric Power., Emotional Homecoming after Release of First Group of Palestinian Prisoners

As part of an American-brokered deal to allow the resumption of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks, more than 100 Palestinian prisoners will be released over the next few months.  On Aug 13, the first group came home. It was an emotional moment for Israelis and Palestinians alike. 

Watch more on CCTV America's The Heat.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZaXcTO1bIA, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Anand Naidoo at 8 PM US Eastern:

Tonight:

•  Kerry argues the case for Syria on all major news outlets. CCTV America’s Nathan King is tracking all the latest developments.

•  Where is the Syria crisis heading? CCTV America will have an exclusive interview with an expert on Near East policy.
 
And
 
•  Just how bad is Japan’s Fukushima nuclear leak? Should you be concerned? Tune in for CCTV America’s eye-opening report.


For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279, Former South African President Nelson Mandela has been discharged from the hospital and will continue intensive treatment at home. More on CCTV News 

bit.ly/14PQYt4, The White House has sent Congress a draft authorization to strike Syria. Here is the document, from the Politico: http://bit.ly/1fqP1EM, Heated argument on CCTV America: does the US actually have evidence to back up its claims on chemical weapons in Syria? Watch more here with our guests: 

http://bit.ly/17wZH5P, In a recent press release, Congress says they will deliberate #Syria during the week of September 9th 

http://www.speaker.gov/press-release/house-gop-leadership-statement-syria, Fifteen people were confirmed dead and 25 others injured, five critically, after a liquid ammonia leak at a refrigeration unit in Shanghai on Saturday, local authorities said.

Photo Credit: Xinhua agency, President Obama says he has decided that the US should take military action against Syria, but will seek authorization of force from Congress. The President says he feels comfortable circumventing the United Nations Security Council but he respects that the US is a democratic nation and will not go ahead without Congress approval. 

President Obama says the US is ready to strike Syria whenever they choose to, and he is ready to make that order. Congress resumes its sessions on Monday September 9th., We will live tweet Obama's statement today. Follow us on twitter @cctv_america and @cctvnews, Breaking: Obama to speak on Syria at 1:15 ET. Follow us on twitter for a play by play on #Syria @cctv_america and @cctvnews, Watch Americas Now this Sunday EST 8:30 PM. Here's a snippet of what the show will be about: 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXwZ8oo9x6s, This Week on The Heat: Peace Talks Resume in the Middle East

Host Mike Walter discusses the latest stories from the region with experts on Middle East policy.  

Watch The Heat this Saturday at 8:30 PM EST!
http://bit.ly/17sp6tC

CCTV America:
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, The White House released a report of their assessment of the Syrian's government use of chemical weapons on August 21st: http://bit.ly/18rroIm

Key findings include: 
- 1,429 people, including at least 426 children were killed by chemical weapons 
- Regime members in the area were told ahead of the attack to wear protective masks
- The US collected streams of human, signals and geospatial intelligence that indicated the Regime was preparing for an attack 
- Rockets were launched from Regime-controlled territories, After a disappointing defeat in the Parliament regarding military action, British PM David Cameron said he will still seek a "robust response" to Syria. Camerson said it is important to uphold "the international taboo on the use of chemical weapons" but he will seek other ways to do so., What is daily life like now in Syria? Watch CCTV America's report. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3LRLO2yYKI, Watch CCTV AMERICA with Mike Walter at 8 PM US Eastern:

Tonight:

• Both Obama and Kerry spoke again on the Syrian Crisis today, saying that the U.S. military is considering a "limited narrow act." CCTV’s Jessica Stone is live from the White House with updates. 

• How will the Syria military strike play out? What will Syria do to defend itself? CCTV America will have insight from a military expert.  

• Also in the Middle East: Al-Qaeda claimed responsibility for a series of bombings in Iraq earlier this week, including an attack today killing 12 people.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, The New York Police Department has been under fire for surveillance in mosques and labeling some as potential terrorist organizations. This new program has been compared to NYPD's "stop-and-frisk" policy, which was ruled unconstitutional just this month. 

Thoughts? 

http://bit.ly/1foM07M, America once prided itself on its highways, dams and buildings, but its infrastructure has deteriorated over the years. How can the U.S. bounce back on its hardware? 

http://bit.ly/1dz9mfm, President Obama said today he is considering a "limited, narrow act" as a military response to the alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria. Obama has dismissed any "boots-on-the-ground" approach and says though he would prefer multilateral action on the crisis, he does not want to leave the world paralyzed. 

"We cannot accept a world where women and children and innocent civilians are gassed on an incredible scale," The President said., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry: 1,429 people including 426 children were killed in chemical attack on 21st Aug in Damascus, Syria., Have YOU ever thought of having dinner with strangers to meet someone new? Watch how this new industry is catching on in New York City.
http://bit.ly/15qccJD, Websites like Ebay and smartphone apps simulate a sharing economy. But is it a global trend? What risks come with this type of economy? Watch Michael A. Cusumano, MIT professor, talk to CCTV America.

http://bit.ly/17rB1YH, America is a fast-food nation. But, the industry pay isn't keeping up with the times. Today, workers from McDonald's and other fast-food chains are taking to the streets in nearly 60 cities. They are seeking almost double the current federal minimum hourly wage of $7.25 up to $15., Today, the UK Parliament voted against military intervention in Syria, citing lessons learned from the 2003 Iraq War. While Britain’s response is a setback to the Obama administration, the U.S. will continue consulting with the UK as the situation develops., Michelle Makori is the New York anchor and producer for “Biz Asia America”. Prior to joining CCTV in December of 2011, Michelle was an anchor and reporter for Bloomberg TV for five years and freelanced as a reporter with CNN Money.
Before joining Bloomberg TV and moving to New York in 2005, Michelle was one of the main anchors and producers for SABC Africa Television,based in Johannesburg South Africa and broadcasting throughout the African Continent.
Her accolades include winning the Harambee African Reporter of the Year Award in 2004 for her work on micro-lending enterprises.
Michelle combines business journalistic experience with Wall Street credibility, being a FINRA licensed financial adviser (Series 7) and having worked with the Beryl Consulting Group and GFI.
Michelle speaks six languages and holds a Post Graduate Honors Degree in Media Studies and Journalism (with distinction), and a Bachelor of Arts with a double major in Law and Psychology , both from South Africa’s University of the Witwatersrand.
She also graduated top of her class from South Africa’s Damelin Business School.

http://english.cntv.cn/program/bizasiaamerica/20120206/117137_1.shtml, Store Owners in Egypt are Desperate to Find Customers
                                                                                            Watch CCTV correspondent Robert Nagila’s startling report on day-to-day life in Egypt.
http://bit.ly/170b4wE, SPAIN, Buñol: Twenty thousand people hurled 130 tonnes of squashed tomatoes at each other yesterday, drenching the streets in red in the annual festival "La Tomatina."
http://bit.ly/12QpXEG, Alveda King, niece of Martin Luther King, talk to CCTV America's Elaine Reyes about what the MLK legacy means for America. #MOW50

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciFsa5sG3N8, Wildfires in the United States: 
NOAA image obtained August 29, 2013 shows the location, size, and intensity of wildfires across North America. Each tiny speck of this image represents one fire signature detected a satellite’s thermal sensor. The month in which each fire occurred is represented in shades of yellow and orange – the later in the year, the deeper the orange color. As the summer intensifies and drought conditions worsen, large wildfires are seen across the Rockies, Sierras, and even the boreal forests of Canada. 

CREDIT: AFP PHOTO / NOAA, Watch how providing services for the elderly is growing into a million dollar business in Asia. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOkesJ6N178, British Prime Minister David Cameron was unable to muster enough support from lawmakers to push ahead with a vote for military intervention. Parliament members from both his Conservative Party and the opposition Labor Party insisted that a vote be delayed until UN chemical experts now in Syria issue a report. This is a setback to the US's possible plans of military intervention without UN approval., UN experts inspect second Syria gas attack site in the Eastern Ghouta area, northeastern outskirts of Damascus, under the protection of rebel fighters. The UN team was turned back by gun fire when they tried to enter this area on Monday., Israel prepares for war in face of growing threats from its Middle East adversaries, who vow to target Israel if the United States strikes Syria.

In this photo, Israeli soldiers prepare their shells and tanks stationed in a deployment training area in Golan Heights, near the Syrian border., Thousands gathered at the national mall in Washington DC to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr's historic March on Washington speech, and to hear President Barack Obama speak. Obama addressed the storied history of race relations in the United States, and while noting that over the last five decades, "America became more fair," he conceded that there is still much more progress to be made, as the country has not yet achieved King's vision for both the African-American community and working Americans alike., What's UN's position on Syria issue? Watch CCTV correspondent Stephen Fee reports live from New York.
http://bit.ly/184u93g, Conflicting views on the Bo Xilai trial as it comes to its dramatic close. Watch CCTV America's interview with Zhaojie Li, Professor of Tsinghua University School of Law, and what he thinks the trial means for China. 

http://bit.ly/17h394a, How Expensive is it to Raise a Family in the US?

Watch BizAsiaAmerica’s interview with Ellie Kay, financial expert and author of Lean Body Fat Wallet. Kay says that with “housing back on the rise again, it’s getting expensive to raise a family.” But, all it takes is a budget and planning.
http://bit.ly/15hnYWE, As the situation in Syria escalates, more than 40,000 Syrians have escaped to Iraq's autonomous northern Kurdish region in the past 10 days.  This exodus is one of the biggest cross-border migrations since the Syrian civil war started in 2011. More than 2.5 million Syrians have become refugees since then., French President Francois Hollande said Tuesday that France is “ready to punish” those responsible for the chemical weapons attack in Syria. Speaking at a conference with France’s ambassadors, Hollande added that France will “increase its military support to the National Syrian Coalition.”, Former Afghan official to the UN Wahid Monawar spoke to Elaine Reyes last night to discuss the prospect of joint efforts between Afghanistan and Pakistan to broker peace with the Taliban. Monawar pointed out that the Afghan people are approaching a key election date in 2014, and it is imperative for the government's success that it displays to the people its ability to govern.
http://bit.ly/15u8LFT, Syrian foreign minister Walid Moallem offered a defiant response toward the western world as rhetoric from state leaders is increasingly suggesting military action in response to suspected chemical attacks. The Syrian government has repeatedly denied the use of chemical weapons and hindering UN investigators, though Moallem implied that his country is ready to handle a military strike, stating, "we have the materials to defend ourselves. We will surprise others.", UN investigators have visited the site of last week's suspected chemical attack in Damascus, Syria, after several delays. They examined debris and collected samples for laboratory testing, despite being shot at by several unidentified snipers., Two Islamic groups in Egypt are seeking a truce between the military-backed government and ousted President Mohamed Morsi’s Muslim Brotherhood. They want the government to end its crackdown and to convince the Brotherhood to end its street protests. This comes as Egypt heads into week three of its state of emergency., US Secretary of State John Kerry has condemned what he termed the "moral obscenity" of the Syrian government's use of chemical weapons against its own people.

He said footage of the alleged chemical weapons attack near Damascus was "real and compelling" and "undeniable".

He said President Barack Obama was considering a response., Breaking: Massive protests in the Philippines against corrupt politicians’ “pork barrel” spending. 
The President's 2014 budget will allow each senator to receive $4.5 million; each member of the House of Representatives could receive $1.5 million. Average monthly wage in the Philippines is less than $300/month, according to the International Labor Organization., Watch CCTV America's The Heat report on why many foreign nationals are staying in Egypt, despite the risks.
http://ow.ly/ohd8j, The unstoppable Yosemite fire has already burned 15,000 acres of land in Yosemite, and is threatening the water and power supply of millions in the San Francisco Bay Area. The fire is one of the biggest in California’s history., Is Political Reconciliation Possible in Egypt?

Mike Walter, host of CCTV America’s The Heat, asks Nabil Mikhail, professor of political science at George Washington University and Dr. Abdul Dardery, Foreign Affairs spokesman of Egypt's Freedom and Justice Party and member of the Muslim Brotherhood, about Egypt’s future.
http://bit.ly/1dGNEUi, #BoXilai trial: Proceedings in the Bo trial have concluded in the Jinan Intermediate Court. The final verdict will be announced at a later date., MLK’s Legacy: 50 Years Later

CCTV America's Sean Callebs asks Dr. Clayborne Carson, director of the Martin Luther King Papers Project: Are more people today embracing MLK's message?
http://bit.ly/1dgXheF, Do YOU Play World of Warcraft?

Watch CCTV correspondent Shraysi Tandon’s report on the new reality of the game that used to be a blockbuster title.
http://bit.ly/17W48TS, Is the U.S. really going to take measures towards Syria's situation? Watch what's President Obama's position.
http://bit.ly/15mXs29, Have you heard about Bitcoin? It is a digital currency becoming popular recently. What's the future for Bitcoin? Take a look at CCTV news.
http://bit.ly/159MsYQ, Still bothered by the sky-rocketing college tuition fee? President Obama calls Universities to reduce the costs.

http://bit.ly/14uYXLZ, It may not be an about-face, but it sounds like one.
 
U.S. Senator John McCain said the U.S. takes “no position” on the sovereignty of the Diaoyu Islands after a sharp rebuke from the Chinese government for calling the islands “Japanese territory.”
 
According to a Chinese Foreign Ministry statement, McCain backed off remarks made in Tokyo, supporting Japanese territorial claims. During a meeting with Chinese State Councilor Yang Jiechi in Beijing Friday, McCain limited his comments to the official U.S. position on the matter, which is neutral. The United States is “not taking sides” on the island’s sovereignty, said U.S. State Department Spokesperson Jen Psaki., Watch CCTV AMERICA with Sean Callebs at 8 PM US Eastern:

• Bo Xilai trial update: After Bo’s wife’s testimonies against him, what will Bo face today?

• U.S. response in Syria: Washington has already sent an extra warship to the Eastern Mediterranean, will they take extra steps?

• Tens of thousands gathered in the U.S capital today to begin a week’s events to honor the 1963 March on Washington. Follow our reporter to see this big event.

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, The trial of the top leaders of the Muslim Brotherhood, from which ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi hails, will start Sunday, with charges against them including inciting violence and killing protesters, local media reported Saturday., Some Syrian soldiers on Saturday suffered suffocation after rebel militants released chemical substance around their hideouts near the capital Damascus, the state-TV reported.

Earlier in the day, the soldiers were suffocated while entering the rebels-held suburb of Jobar, the state TV said, adding that some of them are in critical conditions., "The Impact of Bo's Trial is Too Early to Tell".

Cheng Li, from Brookings Institution, talks about Bo Xilai's first day and second day's behavior in the court and compares it with the O.J. Simpson trial, the then "Trial of the Century" in the US.
http://bit.ly/13OTzoo, What is the purpose of Bo Xilai's open trial? Hear the opinion of one think tank specialist.

CCTV America anchor Mike Walter sits down with Charles Kupchan of the Council on Foreign Relations to discuss the Bo Xilai trial.
http://bit.ly/1dDsFBM, Watch CCTV America’s Latest Report on Fukushima's Aftermath

CCTV correspondent Terrance Terishima examines the catastrophic effect the nuclear disaster has wrought on Japan’s nearby waters and industries.
http://bit.ly/19CKsX4, US moves around naval forces in the Mediterranean in response to the use of chemical weapons in Syria.    
After months of wavering, Obama and his Cabinet are deliberating on a possible missile attack., Watch CCTV AMERICA with Michelle Makori at 8 PM US Eastern:

• Nasdaq Disaster: Watch updates on the aftermath and how its CEO is under fire. 

• Jinan Intermediate People’s Court microblogs the Bo Xilai trial: Is this a milestone for the Chinese judiciary? 

• World of Warcraft is losing fans! Find out why people are switching on to other games. 

For more, watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT tonight.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, Watch CCTV America’s Continuing Coverage of the Global “Electronic Waste” Movement

BizAsiaAmerica anchor Michelle Makori chats with Arman Sadeghi, CEO of All Green Electronic Recycling, to make sense of what’s happening with our used electronics. 
http://bit.ly/1c1nGch, This week on Americas Now: “A Reforming Cuba”.

Cuba’s government has been loosening its grip since Raul Castro became president, but is it enough? 

Watch CCTV AMERICA ON Sunday 8:30 PM EST for more 
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279 — with Elaine Reyes, Anchor/Presenter CCTV America

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UK2ao5vkw_8, The Heat on August 24: Egypt in Turmoil

Host Mike Walter brings you the latest on Egypt’s precarious political situation -- who are the players, and where is the country headed?

Watch The Heat this Saturday at 8:30 PM EST!

CCTV America:
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279
http://bit.ly/1da1MYy, Did you ever wonder what happens to your old laptop or cellphone when you throw it away?
Chances are some of your old electronic junk will end up in China.

According to a recent United Nations report, "China now appears to be the largest e-waste dumping site in the world."
http://bit.ly/15hIKcH, Legacy of Bo Xilai trial will last 'many decades' 

CCTV speaks with Victor Gao, the interpretor for former Chinese leader Deng Xiaoping, on the Bo Xilai's trial. He talks its implications on the political climate of China and the projected impact of its legacy. http://bit.ly/153P6Z5, US Army Maj. Nadal Hasan has been convicted by a military jury of 13 counts of murder and 32 counts of attempted murder stemming from a November 5, 2009 Fort Hood shooting. Hasan had claimed that there was "adequate provocation" for the attack as he deemed the war in Afghanistan "illegal," and was justified in killing the soldiers with whom he was set to deploy. The ruling provides the possibility that the death penalty can be considered as punishment., Who will be the 1,000th subscriber to CCTV America's YouTube channel?

http://www.youtube.com/user/CCTVAmerica1, The death toll in a series of blasts in Lebanon's Tripoli believed to be from car bombs has risen to 29, with over 500 others injured, according to state media. The bombs went off outside of two Sunni mosques directly after prayers on Friday, and took place just over one week after an explosion in a Shiite suburb of Beirut killed 27. With many fearing that this may be the beginning of a series of retaliatory strikes between the two religious sects, the US embassy in Lebanon has strongly condemned the bombings, calling for calm and peace., Russia, one of Syria's only allies, has called on Friday for both government officials and opposition leaders in the embattled country to allow a UN investigation of alleged chemical weapons attacks. President Obama also spoke on the matter, saying that an attack of that nature would threaten the "core national interests" of the United States., BREAKING NEWS：
The Israeli air force bombed a target south of the Lebanese capital, Beirut, early on Friday, an Israel Defence Forces spokesman has announced., China Commercial Credit IPO Gets a Boost

Check out CCTV America’s business report on the first IPO that has come out under the new leadership in China.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCiFHT2wTd0, Watch how Nike is trying to become a sport-tech leader by its new invention, the Fuelband, a gadget that monitors your level of exercise by what it calls "fuelpoints." 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kU4c2mncEuo, Watch CCTV America's special package detailing the rise and fall of the man who is capturing worldwide attention: BoXilai

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_53O_-Y9tWY&feature=youtu.be, Journalists reporting on the #Boxilai trial in Jinan were shown a live-feed of the court's Weibo posts in a nearby hotel. 

Screenshot from Sina Weibo., Mubarak, former president of Egypt, has been freed from prison and flown to a military hospital. This could further fuel tensions in the country and amplify anger towards the military government. Islamists are accusing the military for ousting elected president Morsi in order to restore the old regime. 

Follow us on twitter for more updates: https://twitter.com/CCTV_America, null, null, Inside the court:
The trial of #BoXilai, who has been charged with bribery, embezzlement and abuse of power, is undertaking at the Jinan Intermediate People's Court in east China's Shandong Province., null, #BoXilai inside the Jinan court, where he is being tried for bribery, embezzlement & abuse of power., In Europe: Greece may not be getting any more bailout money after all. A day after German finance minister said a third rescue package was inevitable, European and German officials downplayed the move, with one top European Central Bank official saying there have been no talks with Greece on a new bailout. Greece has already received two bailouts from the IMF, ECB and the European Union totalling 320 billion dollars., Bo Xilai was just escorted into court by law enforcement officials. He has 5 relatives in court to witness the trial. More than 110 people, many of them members of the public, are present in the courtroom., Malaysia, with its staggeringly low unemployment rate, is depending heavily on cheap foreign labor from neighboring countries for undesirable and unskilled jobs. Thousands of workers, many from Indonesia and Nepal, are getting their hands dirty in hopes of better lives for their families back home. Economists have pointed out that while this trend is certainly convenient for Malaysians who don't wish to take up heavy and dangerous labor, there may be a hidden economic danger to such a dependence.
http://bit.ly/17L7WHt, Bo Xilai will stand trial at the Jinan Intermediate People's Court tonight at 8:30 Eastern time for charges of bribery, embezzlement and abuse of power. 
 http://bit.ly/1f2WwBA, This week on Americas Now—“Cuba’s agricultural reform”.
 
Five years into Raul Castro’s presidency, changes are coming slowly.  This makeshift market is the first wholesale produce outlet run by a coop instead of the state.  Farmers are selling more of what they grow to the open market.
 
Cuba’s government is loosening its grip, but is it enough? 
Our feature piece this week on Americas Now—“A Reforming Cuba”.

 
Tune in CCTV AMERICA ON Sunday 8:30 PM EST with Elaine Reyes on this topic! 
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, Mark Zuckerberg has unveiled his plan to provide internet access to everyone on Earth! Facebook will partner with Samsung, Nokia, Qualcomm and others to form a group, internet.org, which aims to improve connectivity around the globe. 

Currently, only 1/3 of the world's population has access to internet. Zuckerberg calls connectivity a "human right."

Photo credit: Facebook | Is Connectivity a Human Right?, At least 37 people are confirmed dead after a bus tumbled into a deep ravine Wednesday in Malaysia's worst-ever road accident, an official said.

The toll could climb further because 16 other passengers were injured, with hospitals reporting some in critical condition., An Egyptian court has ordered the release of the country's former President Mubarak, who ruled the country for 30 years, pending investigations on corruption charges., The 25-year-old US soldier Bradley Manning convicted of handing a trove of secret government documents to anti-secrecy website Wikileaks has been sentenced to 35 years in prison., Two Syrian pro-opposition groups are claiming that government forces carried out a "poisonous gas" attack near the capital Damascus, leaving dozens of people dead, the Associated Press news agency has reported.

The Syrian authorities denied charges that the army used chemical arms, saying the reports were intended to hinder the mission of UN inspectors now in the country.

The head of the UN chemical weapons inspectors in Syria said that reports of the gas attack should be investigated., Watch CCTV America's Report on UN Secretary General’s Press Conference Concerning Egypt

CCTV correspondent Stephen Fee reports on UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon's first public comments on the crisis in Egypt.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFSsGUvvjlY, China's government will create a new agency to bolster regulation in its financial sector and coordinate financial supervision. Led by China's central bank, the agency will consist of the heads of the banking, securities, insurance and foreign-exchange regulatory bodies., China-US High-Level Military Meeting: What are the Tense Areas?

Ivan Eland, director of the Center on Peace & Liberty, joins CCTV America anchor Mike Walter for the latest on the China-US military meeting.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTNwmOUs0G0&feature=c4-overview&list=UUj7wKsOBhRD9Jy4yahkMRMw, Fire evacuations expanded and increased to Level III in Oregon. 5,000 acres have been burned and more than 100 homeowners have been asked to leave. At least 500 firefighters are out attempting to contain the fire., Legalizing marijuana: so much of it is about ethics, and so much of it is about money. A city in California is home to at least 350 pot farms, and residents are worried. Watch more on CCTV America's story: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpbP2ib4XBM, The Obama administration is "reprogramming" some funds to Egypt while a review is underway -- in effect, temporarily holding up some military aid to the country, a U.S. official said., Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood names Mahmoud Ezzat as its interim spiritual leader after arrest of Mohammed Badie., China's central bank governor Zhou Xiaochuan said Monday the economy will not post persistent slowdowns, indicating the bank is ready to free the long-awaited deposit interest rates to fully liberalize the financial market., AFP: Former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf charged with Benazir Bhutto's murder, says prosecutor.

"He was charged with murder, criminal conspiracy for murder and facilitation for murder," public prosecutor Chaudhry Azhar told AFP at the anti-terrorism court in Rawalpindi hearing the case.

Musharraf denies the charges and the case has been adjourned until August 27., The Obama administration claims it received a heads-up, but did not request the detainment of NSA reporter Glenn Greenwald's partner, David Michael Miranda, at London’s Heathrow airport. Authorities questioned Miranda for nine hours under an anti-terrorism law and seized electronic equipment. In response, a defiant Greenwald has vowed to report more aggressively on both the American and British secret spy programs., Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius is back in court as he faces a formal indictment for the death of his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp. On Monday a Pretoria court set a date for his murder trial, to be held in March of 2014. Pistorius cried in court and prayed with his family as the proceedings began. CCTV reports from South Africa., European Foreign Ministers are planning an emergency meeting on Wednesday in Brussels to discuss the crisis in Egypt, and to decide whether to cut some of the billions of euros in aid pledged to the country. CCTV's Sandra Gathmann has more from Brussels, right now on Biz Asia America!, Is legalized weed coming soon to Uruguay? The Center for International Policy's Laura Carlsen spoke with Elaine Reyes and outlined the reasons behind the bill which proposes to make Uruguay the world's to country to regulate the production, distribution and sale of marijuana. The new measure, aiming to reduce crime and harder drug use after years of ineffective policy may prove to be a catalyst in effecting policy change in Latin America - and possibly beyond. On Americas Now:
http://bit.ly/1eY5i3B, Human Trafficking in Washington D.C. can happen just six blocks away from the White House. Watch this story on how young girls are being rescued from the industry on CCTV's The Heat. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=713OD792Cjc, Watch the latest images from space on Americas Now, captured by the largest observatory in the world. 

http://bit.ly/1eXP5f1, BREAKING: 

Egypt state news agency: Egypt prosecutor orders ousted President Morsi to be detained for 15 days in a new case of inciting violence. Follow us on twitter (https://twitter.com/CCTV_America) for more., If you missed this week's The Heat, click here to watch CCTV's Mike Walter talk about this controversial topic with David Batstone, president of Not For Sale, an organization that combats modern day slavery. #notforsale #moderndayslavery #responsibleconsumerism

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lk4SVlo-1Ls, A total of 105 people died and another 115 are missing after floods ravaged northeast China and a typhoon lashed southern regions, the China's Ministry of Civil Affairs said Monday., Mexican troops have captured one of the country's most wanted drug-gang leaders.

Mario Ramirez Trevino, known as X-20, is said to be the head of the cocaine and marijuana-smuggling Gulf Cartel., BBC: Lawyer for Egypt's ex-President Mubarak said he expected former leader to be released from jail within days., A declassified CIA document acknowledges that the agency was involved in the 1953 coup that overthrew Iranian Prime Minister Mohammed Mossadegh.

According to Foreign Policy, which reviewed the document, this is the key passage:
"The military coup that overthrew Mosadeq and his National Front cabinet was carried out under CIA direction as an act of U.S. foreign policy, conceived and approved at the highest levels of government.", Does Apple Film Get it Right? 

BizAsiaAmerica anchor Michelle Makori chats with Denmark West, K1 Investment Management adviser, about all things Apple, including this week’s release of the Steve Jobs biopic.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCQRPxcSdiI&feature=c4-overview-vl&list=PL-YmrHBeVXmuRg5De7pTm9apLsF28my_O, New Problems for NSA after Latest Report

CCTV America anchor Anand Naidoo investigates the report. Then, anchor Elaine Reyes asks William Sewell, former NSA contractor, about the implications for the agency.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nu3ZXv4x7wY, Thousands of refugees from Syria are pouring over the border into Iraqi Kurdistan, the UN refugee agency says.

Up to 10,000 crossed at Peshkhabour on Saturday, bringing the total influx since Thursday to 20,000. The UN says the reasons are not fully clear., Yahoo's email service in China will close on Aug 19, 2013 at 23:59 China Standard Time as part of an arrangement worked out with its partner in that country, Alibaba Group.

After this date, all of the China Yahoo e-mail, contacts and account settings will be deleted. Yahoo is recommending users of its free email service in China transfer their accounts to another provider such as Aliyun, an email alternative offered by Alibaba., China's former Communist Party chief of Chongqing, Bo Xilai, will stand open trial at the Jinan Intermediate People's Court next week for charges of bribery, graft and abuse of power, the court said Sunday.

The open trial will start at 8:30 a.m. on Aug. 22 at its 5th courtroom., "Americas Now" is a broadcast news magazine -- producing investigative reports, including hard news, personality profiles, and feature pieces -- focusing on the development, diversity, and challenges facing the Americas, particularly Latin America.

Watch on Sundays 8:30 PM (US Eastern)!

D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
Dish TV Channel 279
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfLMVZaSCSA, Tonight on CCTV AMERICA Weekend:
• Heavy gunfire erupts in Cairo on Saturday during a tense standoff at a mosque. We'll have the latest on the protests as the death toll escalates;
• There's reaction to the crisis in Egypt from around the world and some leaders are threatening to pull the plug on aid;
• Special Segment on Neo-nazism around the world, and how Germany came to terms with its World War Two atrocities.

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT every day.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, JOBS, a story of a self-made billionaire tech icon.
The film's reported budget is 8.5 million, but it's only showing in 2000 theaters stateside.
Will it make back its money?
Movie tracking firm Exhibitor Relations says probably not.

Will you see it?, Presidential spokesman: #Egypt is facing "war by the forces of extremism" and "we will confront extremism and terrorism through security.", The US Republican Party has voted to boycott debates on two US broadcasters if they air planned shows about former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.

Mrs Clinton, a Democrat, would be a favourite in the 2016 presidential race should she decide to run.

Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said party candidates would not debate on CNN and NBC., The CIA has officially acknowledged the secret US test site known as Area 51, in a newly unclassified internal history of the U-2 spy plane programme.

The document obtained by a US university describes the 1955 acquisition of the Nevada site for testing of the secret spy plane.

It also explains the site's lingering association with UFOs and aliens., Violence on Friday killed 173 people, including 95 in central Cairo, the #Egypt's health ministry says., #Egypt's Prime Minister Hazem el-Beblawi's proposal to dissolve the #Muslim Brotherhood was made to the minister of social affairs - the ministry responsible for licensing non-governmental organizations., #Egyptian security officials say brother of al-Qaeda leader Ayman Al-Zawahri has been arrested in Giza for supporting Mohamed #Morsi., This week on America's Now... reforming Argentina's justice system. 

The president's attempts to make changes turned highly contentious. Even so, she vows to change a system some call bureaucratic, inefficient and questionable. While everyone agrees reform is needed, few agree on how to do it. Our feature piece this week on Americas Now—how judiciary reform is polarizing a nation.

Watch on Sunday 8:30 PM US Eastern!
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyNifFZBt5Q, Almost 70 years after WWII, the nation of Japan is still split between anti-Imperialists and those who support Japan's aggressive military agenda. Watch Tony Chen from CCTV Tokyo report on this:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mefzXFf5Y-Q&feature=c4-overview&list=UUj7wKsOBhRD9Jy4yahkMRMw, High demand for work visas... not from Google, but from the runway! 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GixMGC1dSCs, Watch how Sino- Japanese relations have affected a sushi restaurant in Shanghai... 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ig-Z37Ch09M, Find out where and how human trafficking happens in modern day America, this week on The Heat, Saturday 8:30 p.m. EST 

D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGMOEyfW9rY&feature=youtu.be, Watch former #Morsi spokesperson Abdul Dardery's exclusive interview with CCTV America, where he claims that the interim government has been lying about death tolls. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIvJ3rrBxEc, At least 17 people died and 693 others have been rescued in the Philippines when a cargo ship collided with a passenger ship.

The incident occurred on the Mactan Channel at Talisay City, Cebu province., Egypt's media reports that the Ministry of Interior is calling on people to stay away from the downtown Cairo areas of Ramses, Al-Jala, Nile Corniche. "The Ministry is preparing to deal with armed men at Al-Azbakiyah, Al-Jala and Nile Corniche.", South Korea on Friday formally proposed to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) to hold working level talks for the reunions of families separated by the Korean War (1950-53), according to Yonhap News Agency.

The Ministry of Unification said it proposed the meetings to be held on Aug. 23., A 6.5-magnitude earthquake struck New Zealand on Friday, disrupting transportation and trapping people in elevators.
But authorities said there were no reports of serious damage.

"We've certainly dodged a bullet," said Vince Cholewa, a spokesman for the civil defense ministry. "There are buildings that have lost some plaster. Some cracks in walls -- nothing major.", Chinese shares ended in negative territory on Friday following a dramatic morning surge led by finance and oil heavyweights.

The Shanghai Index peaked at 5.6 percent at one point before pulling back to 3.19 percent at the end of the morning trade.

The Shanghai Stock Exchange (SSE) said Friday afternoon that the department of investment strategy of the Everbright Securities Company, Ltd. encountered a problem in its arbitrage system when it is operating on its own funds during the morning trade at the bourse., Ban Ki-moon, #UN secretary-general, has said #Israel's settlement policy is seriously undermining peace efforts by the international community.

He made the remarks during a visit to the occupied West Bank on Thursday, as Israelis and Palestinians launched formal talks on the terms of a #Palestinian state, ending a five-year freeze., The US National Security Agency (NSA) broke privacy rules and overstepped its legal authority thousands of times in the past two years, according to documents leaked by Edward Snowden.

The incidents resulted in the unauthorised electronic surveillance of US citizens, according to documents published by the Washington Post., The UN Security Council on Thursday called on all parties in Egypt to "exercise maximum restraint" and put an end to violence in the Middle East country after 500 people were killed in clashes between security forces and protesters seeking the reinstatement of deposed President Mohamed Morsi., Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood has called for supporters of ousted president Mohamed Morsi to partake in a nationwide "millions' march of anger" to protest the recent security forces' violent crackdown on protesters., Chinese President Xi Jinping will attend the Leaders' Summit of the G20 to be held in St. Petersburg, Russia, in early September and will meet his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin at the summit., H7N9 bird flu has killed 45 people on the Chinese mainland since the first human infection was confirmed in late March, a Chinese health official said Thursday., Death toll in #Egypt continues to climb. Egypt's Health Ministry says more than 500 people have been killed in the military crackdown, while Muslim Brotherhood claims that deaths have exceeded 2000. What will the Muslim Brotherhood do? Where is Morsi? Find out more tonight on CCTV America with former #Morsi spokesperson Abdul Dardery. He will explain claims of more than 2,000 dead in Egypt as well as update Morsi’s location. Tonight at 8pm Eastern., Ukraine's Bohdan Bondarenko broke the 20-year-long championship record to claim the men's high-jump title at the 2013 IAAF World Championships Thursday.

Bondarenko cleared 2.41 meters with his second attempt to clinch the gold, bettering the former championship record of 2. 40m set by Cuba's Javier Sotomayor in the 1993 Stuttgart World Championships., The pace of US consumer price inflation increased in July, pushing the annual rate of inflation to 2% - the rate targeted by the Federal Reserve.

That was up 0.2% from the previous month, with petrol prices still rising., At least 14 people have been killed by a large explosion in the southern suburbs of the Lebanese capital Beirut, with at least 212 reported wounded.

The area contains strongholds of the Shia militant movement Hezbollah.

The explosion happened in a densely populated part of the capital. Heavy damage was reported to nearby buildings and cars., Jordan has asked the United States for manned surveillance aircraft to help it prevent the Syrian conflict spilling across the border, according to a top U.S. military officer., China has strongly protested against and condemned the visits of Japanese cabinet members to the controversial Yasukuni Shrine on Thursday.

It is an open challenge to historical justice and human conscience that Japanese cabinet members visited the shrine which honors Class-A war criminals on the 68th anniversary of Japan's surrender in World War II, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said. He added that it severely hurts the feelings of people in victim countries in Asia, including China., Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood planning march for this afternoon in Cairo., A senior Muslim Brotherhood member said protests "never stopped throughout the night, and we will continue our sit-ins and demonstrations all over the country until democracy and the legitimate rule are restored in Egypt."

Essam Elerian's words came a day after security forces stormed camps filled with supporters of deposed President Mohamed Morsi.

At least 421 people were killed and more than 3,500 injured during clashes in the country Wednesday, the health ministry said., CCTV Special:

Mike Walter sat down with Bruce Fein, the lawyer of whistleblower Edward Snowden's father to discuss one of the most controversial stories of the year. Fein explains the Snowden incident from a uniquely personal angle, and questioned whether he was treated fairly as a citizen and human being by the US government in reaction to his leaking of classified NSA documents. 

Watch here: only on CCTV America!

http://bit.ly/16cts8T, This Sunday on Americas Now: Reforming Argentina’s justice system

The president's attempts to make changes turned highly contentious. The biggest part was ruled unconstitutional. Even so, she vows to change a system some call bureaucratic, inefficient and questionable. While everyone agrees reform is needed, few agree on how to do it. Our feature piece this week on Americas Now—how judiciary reform is polarizing a nation.

Watch on Sunday 8:30 PM US Eastern!
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, Egypt's interim Prime Minister Hazem Beblawi has made a statement on the crisis in Cairo, claiming that the military decision to disperse protests led by pro-Morsi groups was a difficult but necessary one in order to protect those invested in the new government., US Secretary of State John Kerry is currently speaking on the situation in Egypt: He has called for calm and noted that ongoing violence is a 'serious blow' to reconciliation efforts., Egyptian security forces are reported to have arrested two Muslim Brotherhood leaders from a pro-Morsi protest camp., #Egypt in crisis:
Egyptian Vice President Mohamed ElBaradei has resigned., #Egypt in Crisis:
Curfew from 19:00 to 06:00 in Cairo & other areas under Egypt's state of emergency, government says., The White House condemns violence against Egyptian protesters, opposes the declaration of a state of emergency by the military.

The White House says the "world is watching" the events in Egypt and urges the Egyptian military leaders to "show restraint"., Follow us on twitter on the latest Egypt news: https://twitter.com/CCTV_America, EGYPT IN CRISIS:
The emergency services in Egypt have raised the official death toll to 95, with 758 injured., EGYPT IN CRISIS:
Security forces move into clear two protest camps in Cairo occupied by supporters of deposed President Mohammed Morsi., The pilot and co-pilot of a UPS cargo flight died Wednesday when the Airbus A300 they were flying crashed on approach to the Birmingham, Alabama, airport, Mayor William Bell said.

The plane went down around 5:45 a.m. ET, according to airport officials. It crashed on a street that runs parallel to Birmingham-Shuttlesworth International Airport, Bell said., DPRK and South Korea reach agreement to re-open inter-Korean Kaesong industrial complex., At least 9 people killed in Egyptian province of Fayoum after clashes between Morsi supporters and police, hospital official says., UPS Flight 1354, an A300 en route from Louisville, Kentucky, to Birmingham, Alabama, has crashed, FAA confirms., Watch Biz Asia America at 8 PM US Eastern!

On tonight's broadcast:
US retail sales rose once again in July - that's the fourth straight month of gains. Economists are attributing the rise to an improved job market, will this recovery sustain itself?

In the UK: London's tech sector is expanding rapidly as start ups and big names like Google are setting up shop in the capital. See what's driving this boom in technology.

Robert Downey Jr, the actor best known for his starring role in the Iron Man movie franchise, has landed yet another high-profile role as brand spokesman for cell phone maker HTC. With the company investing roughly $1 billion on the ad campaign, will Downey Jr prove to be as big of a game-changing figure in the tech scene as Tony Stark?

Watch CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT every day.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, Transportation services in south China's Hainan and Guangdong provinces have been disrupted due to the approach of Typhoon Utor.

Glass doors are framed with wood at the Haikou East Station on Tuesday in Haikou, capital of south China's Hainan Province. Local meteorological department raised the alert on strong typhoon Utor to the highest level, which is expected to make landfall in Hainan and Guangdong Province Wednesday., The Colombian government and its guerrilla group, the FARC, are holding peace talks on a variety of issues, one of them being the FARC's future participation in politics. This comes after decades of violent warfare between the two parties, and has many wondering if this could finally be the beginning of a peaceful relationship. 

http://bit.ly/1235f3X, India introduced its first domestically produced aircraft carrier as tensions increase in the Asia Pacific region. Spurred by conflicts with China and Pakistan, India has steadily built up its military and naval forces in recent years. Will this kind of military buildup help to create stability or will it excacerbate an already tense situation?
http://bit.ly/13hXg5Y, Ever thought about packing up your entire life and moving to the wilderness? 
One couple from Colorado did just that when they headed to the Costa Rican jungle on a whim to build their own community from scratch. Watch there story here, from Americas Now: http://bit.ly/14JWoYK, Israeli prison service: Process of releasing 26 Palestinian prisoners ahead of talks has begun., The US justice department has filed an anti-trust case to block the merger of American Airlines and US Airways.

The $11 billion deal, which would form the world's largest airline, was backed by a federal judge in March and has been approved by the European Union., BREAKING NEWS:
A 6.7 magnitude earthquake was reported Tuesday morning in South America, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
It was centered in waters near several Colombian cities and Panama.
The closest city to the epicenter is Mutis, Colombia. It is 102 kilometers, or 63 miles, west-southwest of that community., Israel's latest announcement of more than 900 new illegal settlement unit in occupied East Jerusalem "threatens" talks with the Palestinians, a senior Palestinian official said on Tuesday.

The units in Gilo, near the Palestinian town of Beit Jala, are in addition to the 1,200 settlement homes approved by Israel on Sunday., Clashes broken out in central Cairo when supporters of deposed president Mohamed Morsi came under attack as they marched to the interior ministry.

Supporters of the new military-installed government hurled stones at the marchers and threw bottles at them from balconies on Tuesday. Police then fired tear gas to disperse the crowds., Billionaire entrepreneur and inventor Elon Musk, best known for his involvement in SpaceX and Tesla Motors, unveiled conceptual plans for a new transportation system promising to take travelers 400 miles from LA to San Francisco in only 30 minutes. Dubbed the 'Hyperloop,' the system would consist of a network of metal tubes in which magnets and air pressure would propel passenger-carrying pods at upwards of 800 miles per hour. Musk stated that the system could be built with $6 billion, less than a tenth of the cost of California's newly proposed (and much slower) high-speed railway system., Former Boston mob kingpin Whitey Bulger, known for his involvement in the city's Irish mob since the early 70's, has been found guilty of 31 out of 32 charges, including 11 murders at the conclusion of a lengthy and long-awaited trial. Bulger had eluded authorities in 1995 after an insider tip from an FBI agent, remaining a fugitive until his 2011 capture in Santa Monica, California at age 83. The trial provided closure to one of the longest ongoing manhunts in Boston's history, and brought who may be the city's most infamous and enigmatic criminal figure to justice., CCTV's Mike Kirsch investigated reports alleging that the US government has considered the deployment of armed drones on the Mexican border in targeting illegal immigrants and drug traffickers. US Customs and Border Protection has denied planning such applications for the controversial unmanned aerial vehicles. On Americas Now: http://bit.ly/19ZpSmD, Egyptian authorities have decided to extend the detention period of recently ousted president Mohamed Morsi by 15 days as he is investigated for alleged links with the Palestinian militant group Hamas. Morsi will reportedly be questioned on his involvement in Hamas-led attacks on police stations targeted at freeing Islamist inmates, which took place in 2011 during the revolt against former president Hosni Mubarak., The Palestinian side is mulling to boycott the upcoming round of direct peace talks with Israel in protest against a recent Israeli decision to build 1,200 housing units on occupied lands in east Jerusalem and the West Bank, the top Palestinian negotiator said Monday., A subsidiary of al-Qaeda has claimed responsibility for Saturday's bombing wave that killed more than 60 people and injured over 200 others across in Iraq, a terrorism monitoring group said Monday.

A statement by Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), posted on religious forums, said it carried out the attacks, according to the U.S.-based SITE group which monitors online militant messages., BlackBerry says it is exploring "strategic alternatives," including a possible sale of the company, The father of Edward Snowden, the fugitive former U.S. spy agency contractor, has received a Russian visa and will travel there shortly to see his son, he and his lawyer said on Sunday., Tune in later for this show!, The whaling debate: what side are you on? CCTV America anchor Anand Naidoo speaks to Zhang Li, Deputy Secretary General of China Zoological Society, about the Australia V. Japan hearing at The Hague, in which Japan has been accused of using research as a front for commercial whaling.

http://bit.ly/166hKiw, Lebanon's caretaker Foreign Minister Adnan Mansour denied on Sunday media reports claiming that the Lebanese expatriates in Turkey were advised to leave the country immediately., The party backing ousted Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi has reacted critically to a proposal from Egypt's top Islamic institution to mediate to end Egypt's political crisis.

The Grand Imam of al-Azhar, Sheikh Ahmed al-Tayyib, had invited different political forces to talks.

However, a spokesman for the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party questioned the imam's impartiality., The Israeli government has approved the construction of nearly 1,200 new homes in Jewish settlements in occupied Palestinian areas.

Construction Minister Uri Ariel said they would be built in the West Bank and East Jerusalem to meet the needs of Israeli citizens.

It comes three days before peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians are due to resume in Jerusalem., WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has called President Barack Obama's announcement of plans to limit sweeping US government surveillance programmes a "victory of sorts" for fugitive former spy agency contractor Edward Snowden.

"Today, the President of the United States validated Edward Snowden's role as a whistleblower by announcing plans to reform America's global surveillance program," Assange said in a statement on Saturday referring to Obama's announcement a day earlier., James DiMaggio -- the California murder suspect who allegedly kidnapped 16-year-old Hannah Anderson -- was shot and killed in the Idaho wilderness, authorities said Saturday.

The teenage girl is alive. She was last seen at her cheerleading practice August 3; her mother and brother died in a fire at DiMaggio's home in San Diego County the next day, according to San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore., This week on The Heat—“Gender Equality”
 
They are nearly 50 percent of the world's population, yet women are disproportionately under-represented in almost all facets of life in almost every nation on Earth.
While there have been giant strides in science, technology and medicine, why is gender equality so far behind?
 
Tune in CCTV AMERICA on Saturday 8:30 PM EST with Mike Walter on this topic! 
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, Survey ranks U.S the first place for women's support. Come and take a look at some female entrepreneurs' stories and a later interview with Richelle Shaw from National Association for Moms in Business. http://bit.ly/18kpMSl, Houston became the 4th city in U.S to welcome Air China from Beijing and Chinese basketball star  姚明 Yao Ming was on the maiden flight to celebrate the event. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-po_XdUNX80&feature=c4-overview-vl&list=PL-YmrHBeVXmvR8sur_FWfC8LUr1EAUcwb, This week on Americas Now—“Spies in the Skies”
They’re used along the U.S. border to spot suspected illegal immigrants and drug traffickers.
But soon, civilian-operated drones could be in the skies, fueling the controversy. Should any drones be flown over U.S. soil?
We look at the fine line between public safety and civil liberty.
 
 
Tune in CCTV AMERICA ON Sunday 8:30 PM EST with Elaine Reyes on this topic! 
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJA66Nkj4rc, A drone strike has killed two people in southern Yemen, according to local officials and residents., BREAKING NEWS：
A wave of bomb attacks has hit mainly Shia areas of the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, killing at least 40 people, police and medical sources say.

The attackers struck during celebrations marking the end of the Muslim fasting month of Ramadan.

Bombs were detonated in at least seven different areas of the city, targeting cafes, markets and restaurants., The U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) on Friday ordered a ban on the import and sale of some Samsung mobile devices after finding they infringed on two Apple's patents for multitouch features and headphone jack detection., Dozens of suspected people-traffickers have been arrested in Spain and France, suspected of smuggling Chinese migrants into Europe and US, police have said.

The main bosses of the organization, which was reportedly based in Barcelona, were among those arrested., The bodies of six migrants apparently killed in a shipwreck have been recovered on a beach in southern Italy.

Officials in the Sicilian port of Catania say some 100 other migrants have been rescued., The United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) confirmed Friday that Turkey has requested to withdraw its contingent from the peacekeeping force after two Turkish pilots were abducted in Beirut., BREAKING NEWS：
A volcano has erupted in central Indonesia, spewing ash and rocks, killing five people, officials say, A Bangladeshi man has been sentenced to 30 years in prison for plotting to bomb the US Federal Reserve in New York.

Quazi Mohammad Rezwanul Ahsan Nafis, 22, apologised to a judge, to his parents and to the city of New York before the sentence was handed down.

Officials said he took dummy explosives to the central bank branch and tried to set them off using a mobile phone., The US says 18 of the 19 diplomatic missions recently closed due to security threats will reopen on Sunday.

The State Department says its embassy in the Yemeni capital Sanaa will stay closed "because of ongoing concerns"., Tune in to Biz Asia America at 8pm with Michelle Makori!
Tonight:
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met with his Russian counterpart and their talk is expected to deal with the recent deteriorating bilateral ties;
CPI inflation in China is said to continue rising due to weak production and domestic demand;
Apple finally wins the patent battle with Samsung. The ITC ruled Samsung violated Apple’s mobile device’s patents.

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT every day.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, China Resources Enterprise (CRE，华润创业) is in talks with the UK retailer Tesco about merging their hypermarkets and supermarkets in China.

The venture would combine Tesco's 131 stores in China with CRE's almost 3,000 stores, called Vanguard, to create what they say would be the leading multi-format retailer in China.

CRE would control 80% of the new chain while Tesco would have 20%. Tesco and CRE both confirmed the talks in stock market statements., Lavabit, a Texas-based encrypted email service recently revealed to be used by Edward Snowden, announced yesterday it was shutting itself down in order to avoid complying with what it perceives as unjust secret US court orders requiring the company to allow government access to its users' private data.
 
Glenn Greenwald's column quotes Edward Snowden: "Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Yahoo, Apple, and the rest of our internet titans must ask themselves why they aren't fighting for our interests the same way."
 
CCTV recently sat down with Greenwald, the journalist infamously known for first reporting on the sensitive information leaked by Snowden, for an exclusive interview in which he explained his decision to help bring the documents to the public eye.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GId7s9AlPDY, Barack Obama has unveiled measures he says will increase transparency and build public trust in controversial US spying programmes - but there are no plans to stop collecting information., WATCH: CCTV America's series on the development and use of drones and robots in global military operations. As unmanned aerial drones are becoming commonplace on the battlefield, many other war machines with various applications are being developed at a surprising rate. 

Are we approaching a future where wars fought between remotely controlled robots typically reserved for Hollywood fantasies become reality? Take a look at what is being produced in some of the most advanced robotics facilities and hear what experts are predicting about if when we can expect machines to dominate modern combat:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oi3hu83Z9bo&list=PLHzrnR4YvIZrsg4bvlFf7jwPHgwtdRKbl, A new case of suspected human infection with H7N9 virus has been reported in south China’s Guangdong Province.

The province’s Bureau of Health says that a 51 year-old woman in Huizhou City tested positive to the strain of avian influenza in initial tests. Thirty-six people who had close contact with her have been put under medical observation., The US and Russia must find progress on critical issues despite "collisions and moments of disagreement", US Secretary of State John Kerry has said.

At a meeting in Washington, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the two nations had laid a "solid foundation" for future co-operation., Russia's anti-gay laws are "no problem whatsoever," according to a leading Olympic official.

Lamine Diack, president of the International Association of Athletics Federations, has called for Russian law to be respected ahead of his sport's world championships, which begin in Moscow on Saturday.

"I don't feel there is a problem whatsoever," Diack, a member of the International Olympic Committee, told reporters. "Russia has their laws. Each athlete can have their own private life, so we won't call upon people about this and that., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel are meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu in a two-plus-two meeting Friday at the State Department. The meeting will come just two days after President Barack Obama canceled a summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin that was scheduled to take place next month ahead of the G20 summit in St. Petersburg., The former deputy chief of China's top economic planning body has been expelled from the Communist Party of China, and removed from public office for various ethics violations.

Liu Tienan, formerly deputy head of the National Development and Reform Commission, accepted huge amounts of bribes.

Allegations against Liu Tienan emerged online in December, when a well-known journalist accused him of corruption., At least nine people were killed when gunmen opened fire outside a mosque in the second attack in Quetta in south-west Pakistan in as many days.

About 20 others were wounded in the attack, which came as worshippers left the Sunni Muslim mosque after sunrise prayers for the Eid al-Fitr festival.

On Thursday dozens of people died in a suicide bomb blast in Quetta. In the latest attack, four unidentified men opened fire on the former minister as prayers came to a close., Take a look at one opera singer who has courageously stepped forward to take the stage and has found success despite her visual impairment. CCTV traveled to Hawaii to tell the inspirational story of Laurie Rubin, a woman born without sight who has refused to let any obstacle stand in the way of the pursuit of her lifelong dream. From Americas Now:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcncPNG5mNY&feature=c4-overview-vl&list=PLDNI14zH0J2gbKwlrUkpAKyKWT5zaO_2V, China's consumer price index, a main gauge of inflation, grew 2.7 percent year on year in July, staying flat from the figure for June, the National Bureau of Statistics announced on Friday., The Israelis and Palestinians will have their second round of peace talks in Jerusalem on Aug. 14 and then a third in Jericho of the West Bank, the U.S. State Department said on Thursday., A destructive wildfire burning in California’s San Jacinto Mountains has grown to over 39 square kilometres. Officials estimate the fire doubled in size on Thursday night. Around 1,500 people living in the area were ordered to evacuate., At least 14 suspected al-Qaeda militants have been killed in Yemen in three drone strikes presumed carried out by the US, officials say., Saudi Arabia said Thursday it has arrested two men on suspicion of planning suicide attacks.

One of the men is from Chad, the other from Yemen, the state-run SPA news agency reported. Neither was identified by name., U.S. researchers reported a breakthrough Thursday in the search for a vaccine for malaria, the mosquito-borne disease that sickens millions worldwide., Toyota Motor Corp. announced Wednesday that it is recalling 342,451 of their 2005-20011 Tacoma models due to concerns over faulty seat belts., The Chinese Foreign Ministry confirmed on Thursday that a fleet of ships from the China Coast Guard (CCG) recently patrolled the country's territorial waters surrounding the Diaoyu Islands, which has been an area of contention between China and Japan.

A CCG spokesman also noted that the fleet spotted a Japanese vessel believed to belong to a right-wing Japanese politician who was sailing there illegally., Close to 5 million internally displaced: EU Commissioner Kristalina Georgieva discusses the Syrian refugee crisis. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJ5v1zXhy3I, We're back!

CCTV America returns tonight with Biz Asia America at 8 PM US Eastern following a 3-day hiatus while upgrades to our Washington servers were performed.

Find out how to watch CCTV America in your area:
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Thursday said that Palestinian prisoners, who were detained and sentenced before the signing of Oslo peace agreement in 1993, will be gradually released soon from Israeli prisons., Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif "looking forward" to meeting Indian PM Manmohan Singh in New York, Pakistan government said., 29 people are now known to have died in attack on funeral of police officer in Pakistan's city of Quetta., China's exports rose 5.1% in July from a year earlier, while imports climbed 10.9% on year, both beating expectations., International efforts aimed at resolving Egypt's political crisis have failed,  Egyptian interim President Adli Mansour said.

"The train of the future has left the station," he said in a televised address on Wednesday night, marking the end of Ramadan and the beginning of the Eid al-Fitr holiday. "It's moving forward, and all of us have to catch it.", A plane from Ireland has made an emergency landing in the US city of Philadelphia because of an unspecified threat.

But after investigating, federal agents and local police said the threat was unfounded., A Japanese government official said an estimated 300 tonnes of contaminated water is leaking into the ocean each day from the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant, after Prime Minister Shinzo Abe pledged on Wednesday to step up government efforts to stem radioactive water leakage., Flights were taking off and landing at Nairobi's Kenyatta International Airport Wednesday after the facility was damaged extensively and shut down by a massive fire., U.S. President Barack Obama's decision to cancel a planned meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin is disappointing, Russian presidential aide Yury Ushakov said on Wednesday.

“All this situation shows that the US is still not ready to build relations with Russia on equal footing,” Putin’s aide added., This week on Americas Now—“Spies in the Skies”
 
They’re used along the U.S. border to spot suspected illegal immigrants and drug traffickers.
But soon, civilian-operated drones could be in the skies, fueling the controversy. Should any drones be flown over U.S. soil?
We look at the fine line between public safety and civil liberty.
 
Tune in CCTV AMERICA ON Sunday 8:30 PM EST with Elaine Reyes on this topic! 
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, Chinese authorities have issued fines totaling 108 million U.S. dollars (670 million yuan) for six baby formula companies operating on the mainland following an anti-trust probe, the country's top economic planner announced Wednesday.

The six companies are Biostime, Mead Johnson, Dumex, Abbott, Friesland and Fonterra, the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) said., China's National Health and Family Planning Commission has confirmed that the update of China's family planning policy, known as the "one-child policy", is on its way.

The new plan will be carried out "at the proper time". However, the commission said no timetable has yet been determined. In the new plan, couples will be allowed to have a second child if at least one parent has no siblings.

Currently, the policy permits couples to have two children if both parents are the only children in their families., Yemeni security forces have foiled a plot by alleged al-Qaeda operatives to take over oil and gas export facilities and a provincial capital in the eastern part of the country, a government official has said., BREAKING NEWS:U.S. President Barack Obama has cancelled a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin after Russia's decision to grant asylum to intelligence leaker Edward Snowden, the White House said., South Korea accepted the proposal made by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) to hold talks on reopening the Kaesong industrial complex on Aug. 14, South Korean Unification Ministry said Wednesday., Is shale gas right for the US?
Jeff Schmidt, director of Sierra Club Pennsylvania Chapter Director and Steve Everly, the spokesperson of Energy In Depth National talk about the risks and benefits of shale gas fracking.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEGooNlXCZs&list=PL0wa3bZuAGvf8b7GtLUbH0-rzQwbVVHSI, Egypt's interim presidency says international efforts to resolve the political crisis which followed the deposing of Mohammed Morsi have failed., U.S. Sen. John McCain says this summer's ouster of former Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi was "a coup," a description that goes against the statements so far from the Obama administration.

"We have said we share the democratic aspirations and criticism of the Morsi government that led millions of Egyptians into the streets ... . We've also said that the circumstances of (Morsi's) removal was a coup," McCain told reporters in Cairo on Tuesday., Japan on Tuesday unveiled its largest warship since World War II, an 820-foot-long, 19,500-ton flattop capable of carrying 14 helicopters, according to media reports.

The ship, named the Izumo, is classified as a helicopter destroyer, though its flattop design makes it look like an aircraft carrier., For more news video from us, please subscribe CCTV AMERICA on Youtube:
http://www.youtube.com/user/CCTVAmerica1, Two US senators have met Egypt's army chief and urged the country's divided political factions to renounce violence and agree to a national dialogue., The US trade deficit fell by 22.4% to $34.2 billion dollars in June, the smallest gap since October 2009., Will shale gas propel U.S. to energy independence?

CCTV has Daniel Yergin, author of "The Quest: Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World," to discuss the future of energy dependency in the US following the shale gas revolution.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oN8YZsElttk, Organized crime makes more than 870 billion dollars a year around the world. Some of the money promotes a violent crime in Central America.
San Pedro Sula in Honduras is a city with some of the highest murder rates in the world. 
How organized crime is devastating communities in Central America and what is being done to solve the issue?
Check this video for more with CCTV's  John Holman.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XAdqXihqS4&feature=c4-overview&list=UUkBLJRcemwLRd-1dWV49y1g, Former US President George W Bush has undergone successful heart surgery in Dallas, Texas, after doctors found an artery blockage, a spokesman has said., The U.S. urged its citizens in Yemen to leave immediately on Tuesday and ordered the evacuation of non-essential US government staff because of the threat of terrorist attacks., Iran's new president Hasan Rouhani says Iran prepared to enter "serious" on nuclear issue, speaking at first media conference., The boss of Amazon, Jeff Bezos, has agreed to purchase the Washington Post newspaper for 250 million dollars., Intercepted communication between al-Qaeda leaders prompted a threat alert closing numerous US embassies in the Middle East and Africa, US sources said.

The New York Times reported on Monday that the closure of the embassies was the result of intercepted electronic communications between Ayman al-Zawahri, who replaced Osama bin Laden as head of al-Qaeda, and Nasser al-Wuhayshi, the head of Yemen-based affiliate al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP)., Mixed Martial Arts, or MMA, has become a 100 million dollar business in Brazil as one of the most popular sports to rival football.
Why it is so popular in Brazil? 
Watch this to find: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZig6ffHBMg, To all CCTV America viewers: Please note that CCTV America programming will be suspended for three nights beginning tonight (Monday, August 5) as we make improvements to our Washington servers. In the meantime, keep an eye on our Facebook and Twitter pages for up to date news. Be sure to tune in on Thursday night!, Ramadan Economics: Spending Increases during Holy Month 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZbbPUxi734, Turkey's former army chief, Gen Ilker Basbug, has been sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of plotting to overthrow the government., German Justice Minister Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger has asked the country's foreign intelligence service (BND) to provide a full explanation after it confirmed that it passed on data to the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA)., U.S. swimmer Katie Ledecky (L) holds the FINA trophy for the best female swimmer and China's Sun Yang (R) holds FINA trophy for the best male swimmer during the award ceremony at the FINA World Championships, at Palau Sant Jordi in Barcelona, on August 4, 2013.

Photo Courtesy of AFP., Acclaimed Film "No" Documents Historic 1988 Vote in Chile 
CCTV's Correspondent Brian Byrnes takes a look at the people behind the critically acclaimed film "NO" which chronicles the unorthodox methods Chileans used to win an election against military dictator Augusto Pinochet. 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74cVsU3ngLQ, New Zealand Prime Minister John Key said Monday that the contamination of dairy products with a bacterium that can cause botulism was extremely serious and the government was deeply concerned about it., China's services sector expanded slightly in July, an HSBC survey showed, indicating that growth in the sector had steadied.

The HSBC non-manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) stood at 51.3, unchanged from June. A reading above 50 indicates an expansion., U.S. senators John McCain and Lindsay Graham are expected to arrive in Cairo on Monday to meet with Egypt's interim leaders.

The two Republican senators will meet with interim President Adly Mansour, Defense Minister Gen. Abdel Fattah al-Sisi and interim Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy, said Egyptian foreign affairs spokesman Badr Abdelatty., Syria's President Bashar al-Assad said Sunday that his country needs a transparent dialogue between the Syrians, stressing that no one but the Syrian people are capable of finding a solution to the 28-month-old crisis., The U.S. State Department extended the closure of many American embassies in the Middle East by a week and has shuttered additional diplomatic missions., Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has urged the West to drop sanctions and treat Tehran with respect, during his inauguration speech to parliament., Egyptian military chief Abdel-Fattah al-Sisi met with representatives of the country's Islamic forces to discuss the current political crisis, according to an army's statement published Sunday.

He said Egypt's president and PM are those assigned with the tasks of running the state. Moreover, he also stressed that there are opportunities for a peaceful solution to the crisis., New Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said Sunday Iran has considered the Syrian nation as its "friend and brother" and will regard the same, semi-official Fars news agency reported., Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has called an election for 7 September, six weeks after defeating former PM Julia Gillard in a Labor party vote., The Obama administration on Saturday vetoed a U.S. trade panel's ban on the import and sale of some older iPhones and iPads, a rare move that has not been seen since 1987., China has banned all imports of milk powder from New Zealand, after its main dairy exporter, Fonterra, found in some of its products a strain of bacteria that can cause botulism.

New Zealand's trade minister described Beijing's decision as "appropriate".

Fonterra's announcement that it had found the contamination led to a global recall of up to 1,000 tonnes of dairy products across seven countries, including China., Do you know many Brazilian shopping malls are moving toward the countryside?
what is most liked luxury brands in Brazil?
Check this video for more:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd0rDsTEo3o&feature=c4-overview-vl&list=PL-YmrHBeVXmv-KmECmebYr7rz4xNx5JYy, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani takes oath of office before parliament, This week on Americas Now: Honduras Gangs
It's the most dangerous country in the world. For the past two years, the city of San Pedro Sula has been ranked as "the world's murder capital". As corruption allegations soar...so too does the death toll.  Can anything be done?
Tune in AMERICAS NOW on CCTV AMERICA on Sunday 8:30 PM EST on this topic! 
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5SNtt-k3Tk, Work on the main structure of the world's second tallest skyscraper was completed on Saturday, as the final beam was placed on the Shanghai Tower.

This building formally overtook Taiwan's 509 meter tall Taipei 101 building to become the highest tower in Asia.

Globally it is second only to the Burj Khalifa in Dubai, which stands at 830 meters. The tower, which costs an estimated 2.4 billion dollars, will reach over 630 meters when it is finally finished., Tonight on CCTV AMERICA Weekend with Anand Naidoo!
Egypt Crisis: It's been a month since Mohammad Morsi was deposed. Where do things stand and can the military-backed government and Islamists resolve their differences?

Increasing Violence:  we'll take a look at the role sectarian differences are playing in a number of bloody conflicts around the world.

Fight over fracking: We'll show you why these protesters are taking to the streets to oppose the controversial drilling method.

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT every day.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, This week on The Heat:  the controversial new energy boom in the United States. Is natural shale gas the new frontier or an environmental disaster?
What's your opinion? Join us to discuss together!

Tune in THE HEAT on CCTV AMERICA on Saturday 8:30 PM EST on this topic! 
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwPyTZg2BqA, The British embassy in Yemen is to shut temporarily and several other embassies have been told to be vigilant after the US issued a terrorism warning., Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe re-elected for another 5-year term, election commission says., BREAKING NEWS: France will close its embassy in Yemen on August 4 for security reasons, the country’s FM spokesman said. This statement came after the US and the UK announced their embassies in Yemen would also shut on Sunday., A message thought to be from al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri 
accuses US of plotting to overthrow the Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi and urges Muslims to stand together to prevent Egypt from being divided., Hassan Rouhani becomes Iran's president after official endorsement by supreme leader Khamenei, state TV reports., The U.S. Army has suspended 55 soldiers from their duties as sexual assault counselors, recruiters and drill instructors after a review turned up violations ranging from alcohol-related offenses to sexual assault and child abuse, an Army official said Friday., Before going to sleep, check this picture:
Bulgarian model wins 23rd WMO Super Model Contest crown.
Photo Courtesy of Xinhua., The U.S. says a total of 21 embassies will be shuttered at least one day. Sunday August fourth. The State Department saying those closings could be extended., The US economy added 162,000 new jobs in July, according to the US Labor Department.

The figure - which measures the number of jobs outside the US farming sector - was below economists' expectations of more than 180,000 and the government also cut its previous estimates for hiring in May and June., Supporters of deposed Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi attempted Friday to storm a media compound outside Cairo, burning tires and firing bird shot at security forces who responded by firing tear gas., Too expensive to get married?
Maybe you can try a rental weddings, which is a recent trend during the current economic downturn.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPxug7wbYtk, Find out how and why gay marriages are having beneficial effect on local economies with CCTV's Yakenda McGahee.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSrXQzC0bJE, #China invests nearly $300 billion in renewable energy during the 12th Five-Year Plan (2011-15). In addition, another $375 billion invested in energy-saving and emission reduction measures, according to a senior government official.

Xie Zhenhua, deputy director of the National Development and Reform Commission, revealed the figures for the 12th Five-Year-Plan period (2011-15) during a Caring for Climate China Summit. #climatechange, The Egyptian police on Friday fired tear gas bombs at supporters of ousted Islamist-oriented President Mohamed Morsi on the outskirts of the capital Cairo, official news agency MENA reported., Zimbabwean President Mugabe's party won a two thirds majority in parliament, officials say., Government workers in the city of Seattle have been advised that the terms "citizen" and "brown bag" are potentially offensive and may no longer be used in official documents and discussions., BREAKING NEWS:The US state department has said it is issuing a global travel alert because of an unspecified al-Qaeda threat.

In a statement, the department said the potential for an attack is particularly strong in the Middle East and North Africa., Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag slammed U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry's remarks that the Egyptian military were not taking over power but rather " restoring democracy," Turkish Today's Zaman reported Friday.

He said, "did the army establish democracy in the United States and the EU too? Coup does not build democracy, on the contrary, it demolishes and massacres. ", The U.S. administration has decided to close its foreign missions in Muslim countries, including Bahrain, for Sunday over "security concerns," according to the website of the U.S. embassy in the Gulf kingdom., Zimbabwe Election:
President Robert Mugabe's Zanu-PF party has won way over 50 percent of the parliamentary seats in Zimbabwe elections, the party spokesman said Friday., A New York jury has found former Goldman Sachs trader Fabrice Tourre liable for fraud in a complex mortgage deal that cost investors 1 billion dollars.

Jurors concluded that the trader, who nicknamed himself "Fabulous Fab", had misled investors in the run up to the global financial crisis in 2008., How cool! NASA releases photos of Earth taken from Saturn, Mercury 

Earth is the blue dot in this wide image taken by the Cassini spacecraft at Saturn on July 19, 2013 from a distance of 898 million miles (1.44 billion km). The dark side of Saturn, its bright limb, the main rings, the F ring, and the G and E rings are clearly seen; the limb of Saturn and the F ring are overexposed.
Photo Courtesy of NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute., China "strongly" opposes a U.S. Senate resolution on disputes in the East China Sea and South China Sea, a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said Thursday.

Spokeswoman Hua Chunying said the resolution places blame on the Chinese side without regard for history and fact, "sending the wrong message.", What's the differences between Chinese and American cultures?
CCTV's Mike Walter moderates a discussion between Latoya Peterson, contributing editor at theroot.com, and Ann Lee, professor at NYU, on the differences between Chinese and American culture.
Watch here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PX8RKEjmEfg, Ariel Castro, the man from U.S. state of Ohio who kidnapped, raped and prisoned three girls for over a decade, was formally sentenced to life in prison without parole on Thursday., The United States will close an unspecified number of embassies in countries around the world beginning on Sunday due to security concerns, a State Department spokeswoman said Thursday.

Marie Harf, the deputy spokeswoman for the State Department, told reporters that the step was taken as a "precautionary" measure. She did not provide further specifics on the nature of the threat or which embassies would be forced to shutter for the day., The White House on Thursday expressed "extreme disappointment" at Russia's grant of temporary asylum for fugitive American intelligence leaker Edward Snowden, saying Washington was evaluating a scheduled presidential summit in September., Italy's highest court on Thursday upheld ex-Premier Silvio Berlusconi's four-year prison sentence for tax fraud., A Chinese man reportedly tried to smuggle his pet turtle past security at the Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport in Guangdong, China by hiding it in a Kentucky Fried Chicken hamburger.

The man, whose last name is Li, was on his way to board a China Southern Airlines flight to Beijing when he was stopped during the x-ray screening at the airport over an "odd protrusion" that was sticking out of a KFC burger inside his bag.

After airport authorities told the man he was not allowed to smuggle animals into planes he reportedly decided to leave his turtle with a friend while he traveled., #Japan's Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso has retracted remarks suggesting that the country could learn from #Nazi Germany's constitutional reform.

Mr Aso said on Monday Japan could "learn the technique" Nazi Germany used to change the Weimar constitution.

The remarks come amid debate in Japan over its pacifist constitution, which restricts the military to a self-defense role., Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on Thursday expressed confidence in defeating the armed rebels as the army reportedly made new advances in the past 24 hours., National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden's application for political asylum has been approved, and he has left a Moscow airport, Russian lawyer Anatoly Kucherena said.

Snowden has legal status in Russia for one year, Kucherena said, but the attorney would not disclose his location, citing security reasons., Pakistan on Thursday asked the visiting U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to stop drone strikes in the country's tribal regions., Ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi was not a "shrine" for visitors and he was being investigated in connection with a number of issues, newly-appointed Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy said Wednesday., Russia has not received from the United States a substantial and legally correct document for fugitive former CIA contractor Edward Snowden's extradition, a lawyer assisting the whistleblower said Wednesday.

"If you want (Snowden to be extradited), please refer to some law provision and send us a proper document, which should be correct in legal terms. But there is none," Anatoly Kucherena said in an interview with a local television station.

Kucherena noted that "the 'give him back' principle is absolutely unfair and wrong. Snowden is not a thing but a human being.", HOT on socia media:
It's REAL! 
This is not photo-shopped: China Danxia, UNSECO World Heritage Site
(Photograph by Melinda via on Flickr), This week on Americas Now: Honduras in Crisis

It’s the most dangerous country in the world.  For the past two years, the city of San Pedro Sula has been ranked as “the world’s murder capital”. For the past couple of months the army has been patrolling the more dangerous neighborhoods in San Pedro Sula. They’ve told us it’s because the police were too corrupt to do its job. As corruption allegations soar…so too does the death toll.   Can anything be done? Our feature piece this week on Americas Now—“Battleground: Honduras.”

Tune in Saturday at 8 PM US Eastern time, don't miss it!, U.N. inspectors will travel to Syria "as soon as possible" to investigate three reports of chemical weapons use, a U.N. spokesperson said Wednesday., CCTV America lead anchor Phillip Yin is on Twitter! Follow him for updates on the latest business and economic news bridging the gap between the US and Asia!
https://twitter.com/PhillipTKYin, The Federal Reserve agreed Wednesday to continue its extraordinary bond-buying program to hold down borrowing costs for consumers and businesses., A visiting African Union (AU) delegation has met with Egypt's ousted president Mohamed Morsi, during which the latter said he "feels unfairness," Egyptian official MENA news agency reported Wednesday., The Japanese government plans to set up an institution similar to the U.S. National Security Council as early as year’s end to strengthen the leadership of the prime minister’s office in crafting long-term security policy., A top secret National Security Agency program allows analysts to search with no prior authorization through vast databases containing emails, online chats and the browsing histories of millions of individuals, according to documents provided by whistleblower Edward Snowden.

The NSA boasts in training materials that the program, called XKeyscore, is its "widest-reaching" system for developing intelligence from the internet.

Source: Glenn Greenwald, The Guardian, Egypt's government has ordered police to end sit-ins by supporters of ousted Islamist President Mohammed Morsi in the capital Cairo., China has the capability to achieve the government's annual economic growth target of 7.5 percent this year, Xu Shaoshi, head of the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), China's top economic planner, said Wednesday., A University of California San Diego student left unmonitored in a holding cell for five days by the Drug Enforcement Administration has settled a lawsuit for $4.1 million, his attorney said Tuesday.

Daniel Chong, 25, drank his own urine to survive and even wrote a farewell note to his mother before authorities discovered him severely dehydrated after a 2012 drug raid in San Diego.

Chong has since returned to university to earn an economics degree, attorney says., Over ten people in Shanghai have died of heatstroke in the east China city's unprecedented summer heat, local health officials said Tuesday.

Temperatures in Shanghai surpassed 102.2 °F (39 °C) on Tuesday. The Shanghai Meteorological Center said that with 24 days of temperatures at or above 95°F (35°C) monitored so far, this July has been the hottest for the financial and business center since weather records started 140 years ago., Egyptian officials reiterated Tuesday their rejection to the decision to suspend Egypt's participation in the African Union (AU)'s activities., U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Tuesday that the Israelis and the Palestinians will meet within two weeks for more peace talks, and all the final status issues -- Jerusalem, security, the Jewish settlements, borders and refugees -- will be on the table for negotiations., Bradley Manning, the US Army private who leaked thousands of classified documents, has been convicted of espionage but not of aiding the enemy.

Pte Manning, 25, has been convicted of 20 charges in total, including theft and computer fraud.

He faces a maximum sentence of up to 136 years. His sentencing hearing is set to begin on Wednesday., President Barack Obama has come forth with a new proposal for middle-class job growth in the United States, referring to it as a 'grand bargain' which would aim to please both sides of the partisan divide. 

The plan would cut corporate taxes by 7% and introduce a minimum tax on foreign revenue, using the new earnings to fund domestic manufacturing and infrastructure projects in addition to improving community colleges.

While the proposal, said to be the first in a series of announcements to be made before budget negotiations in the fall, did not specify the exact figures regarding job-creation spending, it has already fallen under fire from the GOP. 

House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) criticized it as a waste of further stimulus funds toward harmful tax reform, something that house Republicans have been in vocal opposition against over the course of Obama's presidency., JPMorgan Chase will pay $410 million to settle U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission allegations that the bank manipulated power markets in California and the Midwest from 2010 to 2012., New York City's plan to ban large sugary drinks from restaurants and other eateries was an illegal overreach of executive power, a state appeals court ruled on Tuesday, upholding a lower court decision in March that struck down the law., BREAKING NEWS: Military court finds Pfc. Bradley Manning not guilty of aiding the enemy., Israeli and Palestinian negotiators will aim to reach a "final status" agreement over the next nine months to end their long conflict, the US secretary of state has said., A military judge is set to issue a verdict in the court martial of the US soldier who disclosed reams of secret documents to the Wikileaks website.

Pte Bradley Manning, 25, will hear Judge Col Denise Lind's ruling at 13:00 EST (17:00 GMT) on Tuesday.

Pte Manning has acknowledged leaking the documents but denies the most serious charge of "aiding the enemy".

He has already pleaded guilty to 10 lesser charges out of 22 total, and faces life in prison if convicted., At least 12 people were killed, 16 others injured and 253 inmates escaped when over 100 heavily armed militants attacked the central jail in Pakistan's northwest city of Dera Ismail Khan, local officials said Tuesday.

Local official said that the Taliban militants attacked the jail holding 5,000 inmates, including 250 prisoners from banned outfits., Fugitive U.S. whistleblower Edward Snowden cannot expect to obtain Russian citizenship through a simplified procedure, the Russian Federal Migration Service (FMS) said Tuesday.

Last week, FMS warned that the U.S. asylum seeker could be stranded there for half a year.

FMS will decide whether to grant him the temporary asylum within three months., EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said Tuesday in Cairo that Egypt's deposed President Mohamed Morsi, who she met late on Monday, is in good health and has access to the news., Ecuador international Christian Benitez, the top scorer in the Mexican league last season, has died suddenly at the age of 27., US shale threatens Saudi, says prince

Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, the billionaire Saudi Arabian investor, has warned that his country’s oil-dependent economy is increasingly vulnerable to competition from the US shale revolution.

The prince called on the government to accelerate plans to diversify the economy in an open letter to the Saudi oil minister., The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) announced on Monday 105 children involved in sex trafficking and exploitation have been recovered in 76 cities across the United States over the weekend., BREAKING: Explosions in Christian area of Nigeria's Kano city, with reports of at least 10 killed., China and the EU have reached an agreement on a trade deal which will allow China to export its solar panels out west, as long as it maintains them at above a minimum price. 

This has come after weeks of tense negotiations between the two, leaving many worrying that an inevitable trade war has been looming. While the compromise has not fully alleviated tensions, it certainly provides a promising sign that relations are improving., Heated elections in Cambodia came to a close Sunday, with incumbent prime minster Hun Sen earning another victory as he enters his third decade of office. Mike Walter spoke with Joel Brinkley of Stanford University on the results, which saw Hun Sen's opponents gaining several seats in parliament despite their defeat
http://bit.ly/1e6KSVL, In the US: Florida is one of over 20 states which places restrictions on where convicted sex offenders may live, giving them few options when seeking a home. One abandoned sugar company town in South Florida, Miracle Village, is offering refuge for those shunned by society under their sex offender label. The community contains members convicted under a variety of offenses, and its leaders claim the inhabitants only seek to reintegrate themselves into society following punishment for their crimes.
http://bit.ly/14ed5v5, BREAKING: Police in Switzerland have confirmed 44 injuries in train crash, 4 of them critical, Swiss TV station reports, Should Some Drugs be Legalized in the United States?
CCTV‘s Mike Walter moderates a heated discussion between Kevin Sabet, a former Obama administration official, and Michael Levine, a former agent at the DEA, on the criminalization of drugs within the United States.
What's your stand on that?
Join the discussion: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vYAPpjSsYk, Persistent Battle: 
CCTV's Franc Contreras takes an in-depth look at the battle between the Mexican government and drug cartels within the country which have ignited rising violence and the death of many caught in the crossfire.
Video:http://bit.ly/13o8XST, China's top auditing body, the National Audit Office (NAO), announced Sunday that it will conduct a nationwide audit over government debt.

The Chinese central government has repeatedly stressed the urgent need to guard against financial risks. The last audit, published in 2011, showed they had debt of 1.73 trillion U.S. dollars (10.7 trillion yuan) by the end of 2010., Pope Francis has said gay people should not be judged or marginalized.

Speaking to reporters on a flight back from Brazil, he said: "If a person is gay and seeks God and has good will, who am I to judge him?", Mask Time!
Participants get ready to apply facial masks in Taipei July 28, 2013. 
A total of 1213 people broke the Guinness World Record by applying facial masks for 10 minutes at the same time on Sunday.
Photo Courtesy of Chinanews.com, At least 47 were killed in a string of 12 car bomb attacks on Monday in and around Iraq’s capital Baghdad.
The attacks targeted predominantly Shia neighborhoods of the city.There‘s no immediate claim of responsibility for the attacks., UPDATE ON ITALIAN COACH CRASH:
At least 39 people died after a tourist bus crashed through a guard rail in southern Italy Sunday evening, local media reported.

The driver was reported to be among the dead, while nine others were seriously injured and being treated at local hospitals., An armed man has stolen jewels worth about 53 million U.S. dollars (40 million euros) in the French Riviera resort of Cannes, officials say., BREAKING UPDATE: A bus returning pilgrims from a weekend visit to a Catholic shrine went off a bridge in southern Italy on Sunday, leaving at least 24 dead, including some children, the Italian news agency ANSA reported.

Roughly 40 passengers were on the bus when it was traveling east of Naples in Avellino province, according to ANSA, which earlier reported up to 30 dead in the crash. Eleven people were in hospitalized in serious condition., The U.S. State Department says Palestinian and Israeli officials will meet in Washington to discuss resuming negotiations., BREAKING UPDATE: Thirty people have died after a coach came off a flyover and plunged 30 metres down a slope in southern Italy.

"Looking down from the overpass, the scene of the tragedy: some 30 bodies covered by white sheets, lined up along the roadside," said ANSA news agency photographer Cesare Abbate., BREAKING NEWS: Italy Bus Accident: At Least 7 Dead After Bus Plunges Into Ravine

Police say a bus carrying pilgrims plunged off a highway into a ravine in southern Italy after slamming into several cars, killing at least seven people, including the driver. Police fear the death toll will rise., Egypt's interim President Adli Mansour issued a decree on Sunday to give Prime Minister Hazem Beblawi some of the presidential powers stipulated in the emergency law., The Chinese government will spend 490 billion U.S. dollars (more than 3 trillion yuan) to enhance air and water pollution prevention and treatment, an environmental officials said on Sunday., Police in Spain have accused the driver of a train that derailed in northwestern Spain, killing at least 78 people, of "reckless homicide," the country's interior minister said Saturday., Violent clashes erupted in Egypt Saturday between security forces and supporters of deposed president Mohammed Morsi. 
At least 65 people were killed in the bloodiest incident since Morsi's ouster. Many of those killed were supporters of the ousted President., A trillion dollars spent, an estimated five million addicts, and the world's largest market for cocaine and marijuana. That's what the US has to show -- more than four decades after it launched the war on drugs. Watch our coverage on The Heat, tonight at 8 PM US Eastern
Critics say that WAR has failed because Washington is unwilling to change its approach..., Over 1,000 convicts have escaped from a prison near Libya's eastern city of Benghazi on Saturday, local media reported.

The mass outbreak came after a fierce prison riot, according to witnesses., A worker cleans green paint from the statue of Abraham Lincoln in the Lincoln Memorial in Washington D.C., the United States, July 26, 2013. 

The Lincoln Memorial was closed temporarily Friday morning after vandals splashed the statue of Abraham Lincoln with green paint. 

Photo Courtesy of Xinhua/Zhang Jun., A massive military parade, involving nearly 10,000 soldiers, is being held in Pyongyang on Saturday to mark the 60th anniversary of the end of the Korean War., NSA leaker Edward Snowden’s requests for asylum have focused a spotlight on the asylum process globally and here in the United States. 
CCTV's Nathan King has more with a rundown on how the asylum statues apply to Snowden and others seeking the same status.
http://bit.ly/18HCtej, Bo Xilai, former party chief of Chongqing Municipality, was charged with bribery, embezzlement and abuse of power.  
It's been more than a year since the downfall of the formerly powerful politician. 

Watch this video for more on his story. Find out why experts call the upcoming trial “a watershed moment in Chinese political history.” http://bit.ly/12pZvDJ, Giant pandas Qin Chuan (R) and Le Le enjoy the cake prepared for their 5th birthday at the Jinbao park in Weifang City, east China's Shandong Province, July 26, 2013. 

Photo Courtesy of Xinhua/Zhang Chi., A top Egyptian court has ordered the detention of ousted  President Mohamed Morsi for 15 days for investigations over charges of spying and jailbreak, official media reported Friday., Russia will not extradite fugitive U.S. intelligence whistleblower Edward Snowden to his home country, Presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Friday., Combo photo shows citizens use different things for shelter in Hangzhou, capital of east China's Zhejiang Province.

The highest temperature in Hangzhou reached 104.5°F (40.3°C) on Thursday. 

Photo Courtesy of Xinhua/Ju Huanzong., Looking to diversify your portfolio?
Have you ever considered investing in diamonds?
Some experts say this could be the time to get into the market, but others warn the market's volatility makes it a risky bid. Watch our coverage on Biz Asia America for more on how to invest in what is a notoriously tough to read industry:
http://bit.ly/1dY4Z8v, Google officially launched its next big idea for the living room, Chromecast.
It says,“With Chromecast, you can easily enjoy your favorite online entertainment on your HDTV.” 
How important is this for Google?  Can this 35-dollar device compete with Apple TV?
Check this video for more about this Google’s new product:
http://bit.ly/19kDfgI, A growing number of Chinese students choose to spend their summers studying at academic summer camps in the US. 
Our reporter Jim Spellman visits Johns Hopkins in Baltimore to meet students and find out what they are looking for in attending the rigorous summer program.
Video:http://bit.ly/12mYvQD, SAC Capital Advisors, one of Wall Street's largest and most profitable hedge funds, has been indicted on criminal charges for its role in insider trading offenses committed over a decade by many of its employees., U.S. prosecutors said on Thursday they have launched the country's largest hacking fraud case.

Five men in Russia and Ukraine have been charged with the theft of 160 million credit card numbers, resulting in hundreds of millions of dollars in losses., This photo taken by mobile phone shows a rescuer treating an wounded dog trapped in ruins in the quake-hit Lalu Village, Hetuo Township, Dingxi, northwest China's Gansu Province, July 25, 2013. 

The dog that survived by drinking rainwater was buried in a collapsed house for 77 hours before rescuers found it on Thursday. 

Photo Courtesy of Xinhua/Gao Bingnan., Tourists view six-month-old little tigers closely in Yunnan Wild Animal Park in Kunming, capital of southwest China's Yunnan Province. 

Tourists are allowed to contact with the 11 little tigers in the animal park since Thursday.

Photo Courtesy of Xinhua/Lin Yiguang., Russia could not extradite fugitive U.S. whistleblower Edward Snowden under any circumstances, head of the Presidential Human Rights Council said Thursday.

"We can do nothing to satisfy our U.S. partners even if we wanted," he said.

Earlier Thursday, U.S. Ambassador to Moscow Michael McFaul said Washington had asked Russia not to "extradite" Snowden but to "hand him over" to U.S. authorities., BREAKING NEWS：Bo Xilai was indicted Thursday in Jinan, Shandong Province, for bribery, corruption and power abuse., With the GSK probe revealing deeply rooted corruption in the pharmaceutical giant, other international corporations are retooling their anti-corruption measures to avoid similar disasters. Will shifts in company policies be able to stem the tide of corruption in such massive entities?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3q9NmAg4Zk8, Judge rules #Detroit bankruptcy bid is valid, BREAKING UPDATE: #Snowden asylum question is still under review, he'll stay at airport - lawyer

Lawyer Anatoly Kucherena says Snowden's asylum bid is still being reviewed by immigration authorities and that  the whistleblower will have to stay at Moscow Sheremetyevo Airport, but confirmed that the NSA-leaker will live in Russia. He assured that Snowden is staying in good conditions.

However, Kucherena did not give any specific date when documents should be issued. Asked about reasons for that, he explained that the delay in issuing all necessary documents to Snowden is due to the uniqueness of the situation., Over 360 schools in N.West China's #Gansu province were destroyed by the 6.6-magnitude #quake, affecting 77,000 students, according to the local authorities. 

Photo taken on July 24, 2013 shows a damaged classroom of a primary school in the quake-hit Majiagou Village in Meichuan Township, Minxian County, northwest China's Gansu Province. 

Photo Courtesy of Xinhua/Luo Xiaoguang., #China's #PMI for the #manufacturing sector fell to 50.1% in June from 50.8% in May, according to data issued by the China Federation of Logistics and Purchasing (CFLP) on Monday.

Major PMI compounds all declined in June, indicating downward pressure on the economy.

Meanwhile, China's #GDP growth slowed to 7.5 percent in the second quarter of 2013, down from 7.7 percent during the first quarter, data from the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) showed on Monday., BREAKING NEWS: Snowden has papers to leave Moscow airport today

Former U.S. spy agency contractor Edward Snowden has been granted the papers that will allow him to leave the transit area of a Moscow airport where he is holed up, an airport official said on Wednesday.

Snowden applied for temporary asylum in Russia on July 16. A final decision on his request for political asylum is expected to take at least three months., Guangzhou is to allow transit passengers 72-hour stays from August.

Following Beijing and Shanghai, Guangzhou becomes the third Chinese city to introduce the visa-free policy.

Travelers from 45 countries, who intend to visit a third country and who hold air tickets, will be able to stay in the South China's Guangdong provincial capital for three days without a visa and will be allowed to visit anywhere in the province during their trips., UK pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline has reported a second-quarter net profit of 1.04 billion pounds ($1.6 billion,) down nearly 16 percent from a year earlier.

The company said Wednesday it was too early to tell whether revenues would be affected by the corruption probe underway in China.

Chinese police say four employees of GSK China are suspected of paying bribes to doctors and hospitals to encourage them to prescribe medications. The company says its China finance director has been barred since June from leaving the country., Venezuelan Foreign Minister Elias Jaua on Tuesday accused the U.S. of interfering in his country's internal affairs.

He also described as an "attack" the U.S. government's response to Venezuela's decision to offer political asylum to Edward Snowden, who uncovered Washington's secret global surveillance program., China’s central government on Tuesday introduced a five-year #ban on the construction of new government buildings as part of an ongoing reduced spending initiative., The death toll in an #earthquake that hit northwest China's #Gansu Province has risen to 95, local authorities said Tuesday., Al-Qaida claimed responsibility on Tuesday for simultaneous raids on two Iraqi prisons, and said more than 500 inmates had been set free in the operation, one of its most brazen in Iraq., Netflix explodes onto the production scene with 14 Emmy nominations after only its first year with original content. As more and more unlikely companies put forth their own efforts in producing original content, will perennial television powerhouses like HBO have reason to worry?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6awo4pJ6J3s, Meet the one man who lives alone in what some have called the 'Atlantis' of Argentina. Pablo Novak is the lone resident of Epecuen, a city which was flooded over 20 years ago and only recently reemerged due to climate change, revealing the damaged remains of what was once a thriving area of human activity subjected to decades submerged under corrosive salt water. Daniel Shweimler explored Epecuen and spoke with its lone inhabitant, on Americas Now.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgCxo9GFs8Q, Summer camps focused on academics in the US are drawing an increasingly large number of foreign and high school students, most notably from China. Jim Spellman visited Johns Hopkins in Baltimore to meet some of the summer program's attendees, and to learn about the unique opportunities offered in similar American programs which are drawing so much interest from China

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H79iCvI7N08, Duchess Kate gives birth to a boy. The royal baby weighs 8lbs 6oz, born at 4:24 pm., Does the Verdict of the Zimmerman Murder Trial Illuminate Racial Inequality?
Watch the discussion on THE HEAT with Carol Swain, a professor at Vanderbilt University, and Hilary Shelton, Director of the NAACP Washington Bureau.
http://bit.ly/15bBFcE, U.S. Congress and CIA Clash as Allegations of Lying Surface.
Check the video fore more: http://bit.ly/1bFXEh4, China releases new exit-entry regulation for foreigners. 

The regulation categorizes ordinary visas into 12 types, with the new R-visa to be issued to high-level foreign professionals.

Another new visa type, the Q-visa, has also been introduced for foreigners who come to China to visit relatives.

The 39-article regulation will take effect from Sep. 1st., Millions of mobile phones may be vulnerable to spying due to the use of outdated, 1970s-era cryptography, according to new research due to be presented at the Black Hat security conference., #CHINAQUAKE update: The death toll has risen to 86, while 515 others are injured, and 5 are still missing. The 6.6-magnitude #earthquake hit northwest China's Gansu Province on Monday morning., The Watermelon Suit Baby in Wenzhou City, East China's Zhejiang province., Breaking news: The death toll has climbed to 75, and 14 others are still missing , after an #earthquake hit northwest China's Gansu Province on Monday morning., Breaking News: One more 5.6-magnitude #earthquake hit Dingxi city, Gansu Province around 9:12am on Monday, according to #China Earthquake Network Centre., Two U.S. fighter jets dropped four unarmed bombs into Australia's Great Barrier Reef Marine Park last week when a training exercise went wrong, the U.S. Navy said., Correction: A magnitude 6.6 earthquake has hit Gansu province at 7:45 AM on Monday morning local time, according to China Earthquake Network Center., BREAKING NEWS: 6.2-magnitude quake hits northwest China's Gansu Province, Glenn Greenwald:"He gave us thousands of documents when we were in Hong Kong, and said to us, very explicitly, I want you as journalist to make the choices about what should be disclosure, what should be upheld and what order for the journalistic perspective this going to be reveal"
Tune in Americas Now at 8:30 PM with Mike Walter on CCTV NEWS on the exclusive interview to Guardian columnist Glenn Greenwald who revealed the PRISM scandal., Tune into Americas Now tonight at 8:30pm EST and catch our exclusive interview with Guardian columnist Glenn Greenwald, who broke the story on the massive U.S. surveillance program, based on documents leaked by Edward Snowden. http://bit.ly/17GlxEv, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday that planned peace talks with the Palestinians will be tough， and any agreement reached would have to be ratified in a national referendum., Walmart is asked to pay its workers $12.5 Per Hour as living wage according to the Large Retailer Accountability Act in Washington DC. 
The number is 50% percent more than DC's current minimum wage. CCTV America correspondent Roza Kazan investigates. http://ow.ly/n9Zr9, Heated debate on Zimmerman's trial on THE HEAT at 8:30 PM
Passions are still running high in the U.S. Supporters of Trayvon Martin say the shooting was racially motivated, and most Americans don't agree with the jury's verdict. 
What's your opinion? Tune in CCTV NEWS to join the discuss.

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT every day.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279
 http://ow.ly/n9VbK, Do you like Tabasco? Do you know how to make it?
CCTV's correspondent Sean Callebs takes us back through Louisiana history to show how the legendary process of making Tabasco Sauce has incorporated red peppers into one of the most loved flavors throughout the Americas. http://ow.ly/n6rA8, People are fishing on street after typhoon in Xiamen city, S.East China, Egyptian interim President Adli Mansour issued a decree Saturday to form a legal committee to amend the country's constitution., Do you aspire to make a film or start your own business? 

If so, crowdfunding can provide the cash needed to help your dream become a reality! Correspondent Liling Tan explains in this report: http://ow.ly/n8GWT, BREAKING NEWS: #BEIJINGEXPLOSION Police: A 34-year-old wheel-chaired Chinese man, set off a home-made explosive device outside the arrivals exit of the Terminal 3 at around 6:24 p.m.. 
The man, identified as Ji Zhongxing, was injured and is currently under treatment.
The explosion caused no other injuries. Flights at the airport were not affected by the incident.
Police authorities are investigating the case., BREAKING NEWS: An explosion occurred in T3 terminal at the Beijing Capital International Airport at around 6:24 p.m. on Saturday.  According to eyewitnesses, a disabled person ignited a bomb on himself. The casualty is unknown yet., A teenager victim of the Asiana flight 214, which crash landed in San Francisco almost two weeks ago, died of multiple injuries consistent with being run over by a motor vehicle, a local coroner said Friday., The business of babies is booming! 
Check out why some U.S. companies are looking to attract this precious market abroad: http://ow.ly/n8HIV, Is it possible to keep data secure?
Former hacker will tell you!
Kevin Mitnick, former hacker and current data security adviser, talked about the growing cyber security threat faced by major corporations and the systems in our show.
Video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHCFF0NgU2Y, What's your stand on Zimmerman trail?

Obama asks Americans to ‘do some soul-searching’ following Trayvon Martin shooting

“Trayvon Martin could have been me 35 years ago,” Obama said. “When you think about why, in the African-American community at least, there’s a lot of pain around what happened here, I think it’s important to recognize that the African-American community is looking at this issue through a set of experiences and a history that doesn’t go away.”, Are smartphones making digital cameras obsolete? 

Correspondent Mark Niu explores how the massive advances of on-board smartphone cameras are pressuring the digital camera industry for market share. http://ow.ly/n8GoN, How long time have you soaked into the digital world?
S.Korean scientists found one fact:
Too much technology causes digital dementia!
Check this video for more: http://ow.ly/n76Ch, The United States is considering military action in Syria according to the chairman of the U-S. Joint Chiefs of Staff. 

Army General Martin Dempsey told US Senators in testimony Thursday that he has provided President Barack Obama with a range of options for the use of force against Damascus. 

Dempsey acknowledged that currently forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar Al Assad have the upper hand., Tune in BIZ ASIA AMERICA at 8 PM on CCTV NEWS!
In today’s program:
Detroit files for largest municipal bankruptcy in US history;
US overall of health care, so-called "Obamacare", may raises costs for patients;
Nelson Mandela spends 95th birthday in hospital.

Watch us LIVE online NOW: http://ow.ly/n6tfd

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT every day.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, To tip or not to tip? That is the question.
Some New Yorkers are contemplating, after a Manhattan restaurant decided to do away with the practice completely. The move has revived the age-old, all-American debate about whether tipping should be outlawed.
Video: http://ow.ly/n5DQW, Detroit files for largest municipal bankruptcy in US history, Do you like Tabasco? Do you know how to make it?
CCTV's correspondent Sean Callebs takes us back through Louisiana history to show how the legendary process of making Tabasco Sauce has incorporated red peppers into one of the most loved flavors throughout the Americas., Coke? Or Diet Coke for your lunch?
It's not only a choice for you, but also for the world's largest drink producer, Coca Cola. After declining second quarter profits, Coca Cola is rolling out new brands and drinks aiming to please a more health-conscious crowd. http://ow.ly/n4DMu, Looking for somewhere exciting to have food?
Come with correspondent Terrence Terashima to experience the themed restaurants in Japan. A fantasy world? A pool of dancing robots? Or a haunted house? 
Tell us your favorite destination! http://ow.ly/n4CH7, Tune in BIZ ASIA AMERICA at 8 PM on CCTV NEWS with Phillip Yin and Mike Walter!
We'll have more on Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke and his continuing defense of his stimulus program.

And, we will find out why Canada is staying put with its interest rates and why Britain's jobless rate is a cause for worry.

Moreover, DPRK is speaking out after drug enforcement officials discovered weapons aboard a ship heading for the Panama Canal. We will have the details.

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT every day.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, They're caught between two countries.
Tens of thousands of migrants living in mexican border towns are trying to make a new life for themselves. 
Many of them were illegally living the american dream, and others were working toward it but they were all caught and deported. They live in U.S for most of their lives building careers, but families are in Mexico.
Where do they go and where do they stay?
Go with our correspondent Franc Contreras to a place where the recently deported are always welcome. http://ow.ly/n2o36, Cuba's New Reform!
Cuba has launched a new plan transforming small state run businesses into private co-operatives. 
These are the first co-operatives outside of agriculture since all businesses were nationalized in 1968. 
Our correspondent in Cuba, Michael Voss, visited some of these newly formed enterprises http://ow.ly/n2fFG, Do you like Twinkies?
As one of America's most iconic snack cakes, Twinkies, are back on store shelves across the US.
Its return comes after its creator, Hostess Brands, emerged from bankruptcy proceedings.
The company is now under new management, which calls the return of Twinkies as the "sweetest comeback ever". 
Shraysi Tandon reports. http://ow.ly/n2gd4, How many times have you been to the cinema this year?
After years of low profits, the U-S box office may be experiencing a rally. 
As of the first week of July - North American theaters had already raked-in nearly 5.8 billion dollars.
CCTV's correspondent Yakenda McGahee takes an in-depth look at the record breaking profits earned by the U.S. film industry early this summer. http://ow.ly/n2fg2, As China's economy is experiencing a slowdown after years of rapid growth, analysts are beginning to look at the bigger picture and think of the implications for East Asia and the rest of the world. Yukon Huang, a senior fellow at the Carnegie Asia Institute, joined Phillip Yin in the studio to answer the burning questions that many are asking about Beijing's monetary policy and what to expect down the line if growth continues to recede.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvcH7Gcb-o4, Phillip Yin spoke with Steve Pruitt, managing partner at Watts Partners with over 40 years of lobbying experience in the US, on the recent pharmaceutical bribery conspiracy in China. GlaxoSmithKlein has been accused of channeling billions of dollars to government officials via over 700 travel agencies to boost drug sales. Pruitt examines the factors which allowed the conspiracy to take place and where reforms should be targeted.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5QI-8hlbzW8, Japanese Automakers' big bid: Correspondent Mike Firn explores the new strategy Japanese auto giants are using to increase profits by entering the luxury car market. As the economy recovers and profits climb, companies like Honda and Nissan are raising the stakes and targeting a wealthier demographic with higher-end cars - at a premium price.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IV9jwlAdVEM, A Different Kind of Diva
CCTV America correspondent Mike Kirsch traveled to Hawaii to tell the story of Laurie Rubin, a talented opera singer who was born without sight. See how Laurie inspries others and shatters the convention of what many believe to be your typical 'opera diva,' on Americas Now!
Watch here: http://ow.ly/n0GTJ, Crime Rate Trends in Latin America
Recently some Latin American countries has significantly reduced their crime rates. Anchor Mike Walter and Dr. Cynthia Arnson, director of the Latin American Program at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars, discuss crime rate trends in Latin America and reasons behind.
Watch: http://ow.ly/n0Gzv, Passage of Power: Panama Canal Expansion
Today, the Panama Canal is undergoing a 5.2 billion dollar expansion. The project has been a big business for the country, but not everyone is celebrating. CCTV America correspondent Nitza Soledad Perez takes us to Panama to see both sides of the story.
Watch here: http://ow.ly/n0G8I, Anchor Mike Walter and Yinhong Shi, director of the Center of U.S. Studies at Renmin University, discuss  positive signs seen during the 5th China-U.S. Strategy and Economics Dialogue and possible outcomes of the talks.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVKEd5o5nY0, Mike Walter spoke with China's Vice Minister of Finance Zhu Guangyao as part of our Global Compass special on China-US economic relations and the state of China's banks. Zhu assessed that the banking sector is 'healthy,' though policy makers are faced with the challenge of finding a 'fine balance' between economic growth and inflation control
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6B96S4K-ME, Once Feared Egyptian Military Now Viewed as Heroic by Some in Country.
CCTV's Correspondent Yasser Hakim reports on the changing view of the Egyptian military. Click here to watch: http://ow.ly/mX1rs, 'Leftover' Women of China Look for Love Slightly Later in Life
CCTV's Correspondent Stanley Lee explores what some Chinese women who bypassed the norm of marriage at a young age are doing to find love slightly later in life.
clike here for the video:  http://ow.ly/mW3m2, How the U.S. can navigate the difficult diplomatic impasse that has formed in Egypt since the ousting of their former President?
Daniel Kurtzer, the former U.S. Ambassador to Egypt, discussed with CCTV's Mike Walter on this issue.
Watch here: http://ow.ly/mX1a5, How South American countries are viewing the Edward Snowden saga?
Patricio Zamorano, the professor at George Washington University, discusses with CCTV on this issue. 
Watch here: http://ow.ly/mX25v, Will Egypt Transform in Response to Current Tensions Resonating Throughout the Country?
CCTV's Mike Walter moderates a discussion between Middle East policy scholar Hooshang Amirahmadi and Adel Iskandar, a professor at Georgetown University, on the future Egypt as well as the current challenges facing the country.
Watch here: http://ow.ly/mX1kR, Turn on TV and watch Americas Now! This week --“Prosperity in Panama”

In the past five years, this country’s economy has become the fastest growing in Latin America, quickly attracting foreign buyers. 
But as the skyline swells, so too does the poverty.  In the city of Colon, people here see little progress.  Once vibrant and full of life, it’s now missing out on the country’s economic growth, but why?      
Tune in CCTV AMERICA ON Sunday 8:30 PM EST with Mike Walter on this topic! 

D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, Tonight on CCTV AMERICA Weekend:
Egypt Latest: Pro-Morsi demonstrators continue their protests in Egypt, and call for a million-person march, even as the interim government begins installing new leaders. 
Zimmerman Verdict:  A verdict in a controversial murder case sparks protests and emotional reactions across the U-S.
Back Home: Young survivors of last week's horrific plane crash in San Francisco are reunited with loved ones back in China.

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT every day.

D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, Taking Flight - World Wing Suit Race in Brazil 
CCTV's Stephen Gibbs takes us to Castelo, Brazil, where participants in the World Wing Suit Race can tell you what it's like to fly. The dangerous sport is banned in many countries, but Brazil has no restrictions. Participants take flight and are judged for speed, distance and accuracy. After gliders launch themselves from a cliff they quickly reach speeds of 220 kmh or 125 mph. Some say the sport is addictive.
Check the video here: http://ow.ly/mW30t, CCTV America takes an in-depth look at the turmoil taking place in the streets of Egypt after the ousting of the country's former President Morsi, and talks with correspondent Jack Barton to understand the countries current state of affairs.
click here to watch: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWCZhrpLUOI, BIG DATA !
This is the what experts predict the next driving force in China.
As the amount of information being collected increases, companies are desperate to analyze it. China's new technologies could help solve that problem.
Watch this video here: http://ow.ly/mW1Oo, Mexico, the Latin America's second-largest economy has received extra attention in recent years because of it low wages and its proximity to the American consumer. 
But analysts continue to say, Mexico has plenty of room for growth, if its plays its cards right.
Check this story with CCTV's Franc Contreras. http://ow.ly/mW23V, Is the ouster of Egypt's first democratically elected president a military coup? 
The White House and State Department have so far refused to characterize it that way-because this would mean cutting off aid to Egypt under current U.S. laws.
The United States congress will vote as soon as next week on whether to continue 1.3 billion dollars of annual military aid to Egypt. 
Daniel Kurtzer, former U.S. ambassador to Egypt and Israel, shares his view on why the U.S. government chooses to play verbal gymnastics.

Tune in THE HEAT on CCTV AMERICA on Saturday 8:30 PM EST on this topic! 
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, It's the 2nd day as the U.S. anxiously waiting for the six female jurors to declare a verdict for George Zimmerman. 
But protesters outside the courthouse are voicing their own opinions. 
CCTV's Nitza Soledad Perez will tell you how the trial has divided the crowd. What's your stand? 
Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT for the latest.

D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
Dish TV Channel 279, The overall market rally has sparked renewed interest in initial public offerings, especially in tech. 
Since Facebook's bungled listing last year, the IPO market has been relatively slow but  Mark Niu reports, the industry thinks this could turn around in  the second half of this year in a big way.
Check this video here: http://ow.ly/mW1Do, Brazilian workers are holding a nationwide general strike to demand better working conditions and public services.
It follows last month's mass protests which brought more than a million people onto the streets. Those demonstrations were sparked by transport fare increases. But people are also angry over allegations of government corruption in the run-up to next year's world cup. Lucrecia Franco has more from Rio de Janeiro. http://ow.ly/mV5Ug, Will restructuring save Microsoft?
Microsoft announced a restructuring plan Thursday that its head of human resources has called "the biggest thing the company has ever done." 
But this isn't the first time Microsoft has re-organized, leading some to question whether it'll have much of an impact. http://ow.ly/mV52o, Are Rising Interest Rates Good for U.S. Banks? 

Commercial banks usually peg their interest rates to a benchmark rate set by the U.S. Federal Reserve. 
But the rates for loans and mortgages have been climbing even though the Fed rates remains at near zero. 
But are rising interest rates a boon or a bane for America's banks. 
CCTV's Liling Tan has this story. Click here: http://ow.ly/mV4iX, Recovery or continued uncertainty?
Watch at 9 p.m. US eastern time Friday July 12 for in-depth coverage on the state of the global economy. 
GLOBAL COMPASS: The Course Ahead. A special edition of BIZ ASIA AMERICA. 
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 279, The Supreme Court in the Philippines is set to debate the legality of a new law on reproductive health. 
The measure would fund access to contraceptives for some of the country's poorest women. It would also make sex education in public schools mandatory. 
The law was originally suspended in December after being challenged by the Catholic Church.
CCTV's Barnaby Lo has this story from Manila. 
 http://ow.ly/mSQAR, The 5th #USCHINA Strategic and Economic Dialogue meetings continue, and CCTV America has complete coverage of the talks!
We’ll have live reports from Washington and Beijing. Investment, Trade, Cyber security and energy issues dominate the agenda.
Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT for special coverage.

D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 279, Anchor Mike Walter and Kurt Campbell, former U.S. assistant secretary of state, discussed what many think is a necessary role which U.S. and China must play in developing an environmentally-friendly world.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uP0J-IeOQE0, The U.S. and CHINA are moving forward on talks to boost investment access and trade.
China’s commerce minister Gao Hucheng said Thursday: ‘We have agreed to enter a substantive stage of negotiations as soon as possible.’
For more watch CCTV News special coverage and link to us at #USCHINA S&ED: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvJ3DoEjnM0., The United States and China have agreed to new initiatives to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and air pollution by tackling the largest sources of emissions in both countries.
These initiatives were developed by the U.S.-China Working Group on Climate Change and presented in a report agreed to by representatives to the Strategic and Economic Dialogue in Washington.
 
Watch CCTV's special coverage of the Washington gathering on CCTV News and at #USCHINA S&ED: http://ow.ly/mSa1e, Robert Zoellick, former World Bank president talked about the US-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue and how the US and China can encourage mutual support among one another. 
One key issue Zoellick discussed is of China's currency, and how the talks will address opening it to the international market.  
Click to watch:http://ow.ly/mQjRu, This week marks the 5th annual Strategic and Economic Dialogue meetings between U.S and China. The two sides will discuss major issues, including climate change, cyber security and bilateral trade agreements.

CCTV America will have special coverage of the S&ED talks, including live reports from Washington and Beijing. We’ll also talk to experts from around the world to let you know what to expect with these talks.

Tune in at 8PM and 9PM EDT for complete coverage of Wednesday’s talks and a preview of the rest of the week’s events.

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM and 9 PM EDT everyday.

D.C.     Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A.     Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 279, Mike Walter and PJ Crowley, former assistant Secretary of State for public affairs, discuss the selection of Egypt's new Prime Minister and Vice President, and how the future is shaping up for the nation following Mohamed Morsi's ouster

http://youtu.be/M3xCLfKqlzU, BREAKING: VP Biden to Chinese: rules-based international law can't sustain an exception the size of China.
LIVE report from CCTV's Jessica Stone on 5th U.S.–China Strategic and Economic Dialogue (S&ED), 100 billion dollars!
That’s the amount exported from the US to China in 2012. 
Which 5 states are getting the most out of this trade relationship? 

Moreover,  former World Bank President Robert Zoellick will join us to discuss the global economy and U-S China relations.
We will have this on today's program at 8 EST.

For more U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue topics, tune in CCTV America.
D.C. Comcast Channe 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 265, TONIGHT On Biz Asia America: we interview two guests to talk about the latest annual US-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue to be held in Washington, DC

Robert Zoellick served as president of the World Bank from 2007-2012, and is now a visiting fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics. He was present at the first dialogue in 2005.

Kurt Campbell, chairman and CEO of the Asia Group, is credited as a key figure in advancing US-China relations during his time as Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs from 2009-2013. He has previous experience overseeing the annual event.

Be sure to tune in to Biz Asia America, tonight at 8 PM US Eastern!

D.C. Comcast Channe 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 265, Correspondent Michelle Begue takes a look into the rising obesity rates in Latin America, attributed to rapid economic growth and increasing affordability of food. As the region comes to grips with this unfamiliar issue, doctors and health experts are calling for measures to tip the scales in the opposite direction

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsUun9T0gSE&feature=youtu.be, Daniel Kurtzer, former US Ambassador to Egypt, spoke with Mike Walter on the leadership transition underway in Cairo. He talked about the recurring cycle of political upheaval in the region, and how the advent of social media has empowered the masses with the best means of breaking it yet, as they now understand what they don't want after the Muslim Brotherhood's 'inept' governance 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xu6QR96yVW4, Are we relying too much on technology to store and process information in the modern age? Researchers in South Korea have pointed out a phenomenon - dubbed 'digital dementia' - which correlates everyday use of technology to deterioration in brain functions such as memory and reasoning skills. Shane Hahm took an in-depth look on last night's Biz Asia America
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txEY_eRvlMM, What Does the Future Hold for Afghanistan?
CCTV's Mike Walter moderates a discussion between analyst Shukria Dellawar and columnist Ted Rall on the future of Afghanistan. http://ow.ly/mLto5, Focus on Asiana plane crash.
There were 141 Chinese passengers on board flight 214. Many were students on their way to summer camp in the U-S. Including he two teens killed in Saturday's crash. 
CCTV will have the latest on the investigation, and also response from Beijing. 

For more update and analysis, tune in CCTV AMERICA now.

D.C.     Comcast Channe 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C.  Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A.      Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 265, Afghan Women Still Fight High Levels of Oppression.
CCTV's Courtney Body explores how oppressive life can be for women in Afghanistan even as the country make small steps towards equality. http://ow.ly/mLnEs, How Afghanistan became the country it is today?
Parag Khanna, Director of the Hybrid Reality Institute, discussed the issue on The Heat. http://ow.ly/mLq5m, China and the US are set to hold another round of economic talks: Mike Walter speaks with Professor Yu Pingkang from Renmin University to talk about the current economic relationship between the two, and what the latest talks will likely focus on
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1XSv7TpL5s, Afghanistan Enters Time of Reckoning as Foriegn Troops Withdrawal.
CCTV's Mike Walter takes an in-depth look at the current state of Afghanistan and asks what the future will hold for the country. http://ow.ly/mLmPc, July 7th on Americas Now--- Obesity in Colombia 
Once defined by poverty and war….Colombia must fight a new battle.  
Fast food is more common than ever while sedentary lifestyles are becoming routine and physical activity is on the decline.
It’s all leading to chronic health problems.
Poor diets are rapidly expanding waistlines and threatening lives.

Tune in CCTV AMERICA ON Sunday 8:30 PM EST with Elaine Reyes on this topic! 
 http://ow.ly/mItCQ, Peter Schiff, American investment broker, author and financial commentator, talked to CCTV America on US economy:
'Bernake only wants to taper off '
'Many bubble in real estate'
'China is propping up US'

 http://ow.ly/mIyOM, EGYPT UNREST:
CCTV interviewed Kurt Volker, executive director of the McCain Institute for International Leadership. He answered:
"Is ouster of Morsi the right direction for Egypt "
"Egypt needs building strong institution and real democratic governance"
"6-9 month the new election may happen in Egypt" http://ow.ly/mIzjE, Wanna buy a house? But you found many foreclosed homes aren't up for sale. 
Why ? Check this for a reason : http://ow.ly/mIzOK, Ousted Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi - Analysis and Year in Power
CCTV America provides background on the ouster of Egypt's President Mohamed Morsi's and looks at his year in power. P.J. Crowley, former US Department of State spokesperson and assistant secretary joins Elaine Reyes to analyze Morsi's fall.

http://ow.ly/mIAq0, A new report says the global demand for Drones is expected to reach 12-billion dollars by 20-19, and two cities in two different countries are set to reap the benefits.

Check this video with CCTV AMERICA's Yakenda McGahee. http://ow.ly/mIrBK 

And...Have a nice weekend !

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM EST everyday.

D.C. Comcast Channe 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 265, BREAKING NEWS: Asiana Airlines plane crash landed at San Francisco airport, no word on casualties, according to U.S. authorities. LIVE VIDEO of the plane at SFO, CLICK HERE:http://www.ktvu.com/videos/news/ktvu-live-news/vtSfR/, Still in the mood of Independence Day? 
Check this:

This year's hotdogging competition winner is worthy of comparison to world-class sprinter Usain Bolt... at least in terms of how fast eats.
For the seventh straight year, Joey Chestnut bested his ravenous rivals, downing a gag-inducing and world beating 69 frankfurters at Nathan's hot dog eating contest.
His female counterpart was just as impressive. Known as the black widow, Sonya Thomas ate 37.
And get this... she only weighs 100 pounds. http://ow.ly/mHRGV, U.S Climate Change: 
CCTV AMERICA explores U.S. President Obama's plans to address climate change by targeting coal-burning power plants.
Advocates have been welcoming the plan, and they say it has the potential to significantly cut America's overall greenhouse gas levels. But, his proposals also face significant opposition from the coal industry and from politicians. http://ow.ly/mIcuO, It's Friday night after the 4th July...
That means..a good time to DRINK BEER !!!

And it's no longer the ultra-light bland beer the U.S. used to be known for many years.
Check this video reported by CCTV earlier.  http://ow.ly/mHRRM, JOBS, JOBS, JOBS!

CCTV's Mike Walter will bring you the U.S latest number on jobs and unemployment rate.

Max Wolff, chief economist at Greencrest Capital will also join us to discuss if these recent job reports are a preview of bigger things to come.

Also, L.A and San Francisco reporters will have the Hollywood and veterans situation there.

Canada, EU, and China..Check other nations on the same problem! 

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM EST everyday.

D.C. Comcast Channe 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 265, Egypt Crisis !

Tonight's show we will still focus on Egypt with LIVE report from Cairo and Washington D.C. 

Our reporter Adel El Mahrouky is in Cairo's Tahrir Square, and will take the latest situation there. While our White House reporter Jessica Stone will tell you how U.S will react the change.

Moreover, we will introduce the the key players in the these days' events, the Army Chief.General Abdel Fattah al-Sisi. 

We also have Kurt Volker, the former U-S ambassador to NATO to join the discussion with us. We hope to have your voice here!

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM EST everyday.

D.C. Comcast Channe 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 265, Tech giant Google is retiring it's popular news service Google Reader.
But as Google exits one of its less profitable projects, other sites are stepping in to fill the void. 

CCTV America reported this story earlier. http://ow.ly/mFBxG 

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM EST everyday.

D.C. Comcast Channe 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 265, Open TV and tune in CCTV America with our anchor Elaine Reyes if u r interested in Egypt situation.

We will have the live team report from Cairo and the White House, as well as the international reaction to the ousting of Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi.

Moreover, we will dig more about the  interim President Adly Mansour's background. In-depth analysis will also follow up.

Catch the latest news on Egypt, click this: http://egyptintransition.com/

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM EST everyday.

D.C. Comcast Channe 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 265 
 http://ow.ly/i/2wSbo, It's a catch phrase heard commonly on the streets of San Francisco, and now it's becoming more and more mainstream.
The "internet of things" is used to describe how objects in daily life are becoming more interactive and connected to networks.
CCTV's Mark Niu reported how the 'Internet of things' is hitting home.
 http://ow.ly/mFBsp 

 Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM EST everyday.

D.C. Comcast Channe 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 265, WATCH : Our coverage of the uprising in Egypt., Music and technology go hand in hand - but as it becomes increasingly difficult and less lucrative to sell music, artists are relying on tech companies more than ever.

As CCTV's Karina Huber explains, these companies are moving beyond creating sounds for artists, into marketing and distribution. http://ow.ly/mFBmQ 

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM EST everyday.

D.C. Comcast Channe 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 265, Interesting ! 
China is soon expected to become the largest user of robots. 
It's turning to the technology to become more competitive in the global marketplace. 
But manufacturers say they're not worried the machines will push lower-paid workers out of jobs.
CCTV AMERICA has this story from the China International Robot Show.
 http://ow.ly/mFwYD 

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM EST everyday.

D.C. Comcast Channe 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 265, Starting this July 1st, it's going to be pricier to go to college in the United States. That is if you need to borrow money for tuition from the U.S. government. 

The interest rate on so-called Stafford Loans is set to double this summer. 

CCTV America reported on this. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7lhUFbXSG0&list=PL-YmrHBeVXmu6DP2X15_0zOw981YVLQpL

If you missed any programs of BIZ ASIA AMERICA, u can also check on Youtube. Every weekdays 8pm EST, tune in CCTV AMERICA.
D.C. Comcast Channel 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 265, Ecuador's foreign minister, Ricardo Patino, says a 'bugging device' has been found inside his country's London embassy. 
That's where Wikileaks founder Julian Assange is in hiding.
Patino said the microphone was discovered two weeks ago when he was visiting the U-K to meet Assange. 
CCTV America reported this story from London. http://ow.ly/mFxiN 

Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM EST everyday !

D.C. Comcast Channe 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 265, Our recap of what happened today in #Egypt., Follow all the latest developments on Egypt HERE on CCTV America's live blog!

http://egyptintransition.com/, CCTV America Correspondent Sarah Barton takes an in-depth look at the ongoing conflict in Syria with a special emphasis on U.S. involvement.This is from the last Sat's the Heat. http://ow.ly/mAZdm, CCTV The heat Anchor Anand Naidoo moderates a heated discussion between Majid Rafizadeh, a scholar at Oxford University, and Michael O'Hanlon, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institute, on U.S. intervention in Syria.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrP37eQ1Qek, Sloppy Joe's, one of Cuba's most iconic bars has reopened after a half century break. CCTV Correspondent Michael Voss takes us there., U-S President Barack Obama says his country is not threatened by China when it comes to trade with Africa. Speaking in South Africa over the weekend, Obama admitted that the relationship is not as strong as it should be, but added that his visit aims to improve that. China is Africa's largest trading parter with about 200-billion dollars in annual exchanges. What messages the President Obama tries to send out through his trip? What's U.S. investment goals? More aids or more investment?  We will have Stephen Hayes, president and CEO of The Corporate Council on Africa, to join us on BIZ Asia America tonight. Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM EST.

D.C. Comcast Channe 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 265, U-S automakers sold roughly 1.4 million vehicles last month, up around 6% from the previous year. This is not seen in the industry since before the recession. What do these auto figures in June tell us about where the U-S economy is ? We will live cross to our  Chicago correspondent Shraysi Tandon and  Senior Market Analyst Alec Gutierrez for more insight. Tune in CCTV AMERICA at 8PM EST.

D.C. Comcast Channe 273 | MHz Channel 3 
N.Y.C. Time Warner Channel 134 | FIOS (Verizon) Channel 277 
L.A. Charter Cable Channel 562 | Time Warner Channel 155 
SATELLITE Dish TV Channel 265, CCTV's Elaine Reyes and Joao Castro, senior analyst at Eurasia Group Latin America, discuss the protests in Brazil and the impacts on Brazil's economy and politics. http://ow.ly/mBpu9, Mexico's state oil company, Pemex, is one of the most important producers of oil and gas in the world. However, in recent years the oil industry in Mexico has had many challenges including lack of money and technology, CCTV America correspondent John Holman reports how the company is digging deeper than ever to find solutions for the way ahead. http://ow.ly/mAXMn, If you missed Americas Now on weekend night, no worries. You can check our Youtube page. http://www.youtube.com/channel/UCkBLJRcemwLRd-1dWV49y1g., null, @CCTV_THEHEAT is on air now. We are talking about the Syria's future with @wrightr. Welcome to join the discussion with us!, This week on Americas Now-"The Crossroads of Reform" 

Deep below these waters are believed to lie much of Mexico's untapped oil reserves. But the state-owned oil company, Pemex, doesn't have the technology, or the money, to extract it.  Some lawmakers say the 75-year-old oil giant needs reform. Now, can a solution be found before Mexico runs out of energy?

Watch Americas Now this Sunday night at 8:30 PM US Eastern Time!, Join the discussion on our new homepage!

http://bizasiaamerica.com/, Take a look at this week's promo for Americas Now, and be sure to tune in to the show on Sunday 8:30 PM US Eastern!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ut0cHp-wfWQ&feature=youtu.be, This week on Americas Now— A long struggle for justice. During Argentina's so-called "Dirty War", thousands were abducted, tortured and killed.  But it seems this military-led terrorism had corporate support.  At a Ford Motor Company factory, union workers say they were kidnapped right off the assembly line. Nearly four decades later, their long struggle for justice is slowly coming to an end.  Airing Sunday 8:30 PM US Eastern time!, President of Israel Shimon Peres joined us to talk about the ongoing conflict in the Middle East. He believes that peace is possible: hear what he thinks must be done to ensure it

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxVtguGLA6Q, This week on Americas Now— Is love just a click away? It wasn't too long ago when online dating was considered taboo. Today, it's become a societal norm in America with mobile dating becoming one of the hottest trends. So, how is technology helping those looking for love?  Find out in our feature piece this week on Americas Now. Airing Sunday 8:30 PM US Eastern time, enjoy!, China's mainland is now the world's 5th largest market for wine, as demand for the drink is at historically high levels. New Zealand, among other global wine exporters, are aggressively trying to tap into the lucrative market http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tY4uREXrrFI, Hon Hai, the Taiwanese-based manufacturer known for production of Apple products (under its trade name Foxconn), is looking to enter the Indonesian market. The company hopes to strike gold producing phones for local brands after Apple sales have come back down from booming levels http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2WSS7fF5Jo, China has launched an anti-dumping probe into EU wine exports. This move comes amid rising trade tensions between the two powers after the EU placed tariffs on Chinese solar panels on Tuesday following similar allegations. Given the jobs and capital at stake, the two seem committed to continuing negotiations despite the tensions

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhN2aERELpU, See how Colombia's second-largest city has undergone an initiative to draw around 18,000 at-risk youth away from organized crime by involving them in art programs. Watch "An Artful Solution" from Americas Now - Michelle Begue reports

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whrxBGNdVt4&feature=youtu.be, The EU is placing controversial tariffs on solar panels exported from China, in the light of allegations that the Chinese government is subsidizing the panels. Negotiations remain tense as numerous jobs are at stake

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bz5f7PJYHLs, Coca Cola has just opened a bottling plant in Myanmar, marking the company's first investment in the region in over sixty years. Coke is one of the first US companies awarded an investment permit under Myanmar's new law

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWxuG2npOf0, This week on Americas Now—a 20 mile stretch of North American desert called “Death Corridor” has earned its name. Thousands of illegal immigrants have perished trying to cross it. When loved ones are lost in this desert inferno, they call one man, Rafael Hernandez, to find their remains. This week, we joined him on a heartbreaking trek—through the “graveyard of dreams.” Airing Sunday 8:30 PM US Eastern time, enjoy!, During the Second Sino-Japanese War, one group of American volunteer pilots formed a group based in China called the 'Flying Tigers,' helping out in checking Japanese aerial influence in the region. One of the former members of the group speaks to correspondent Nathan King about his time in China and what the cooperation meant for Sino-US relations at the time http://bit.ly/12WI8pm, Food trucks, a phenomenon originating from Asia, has exploded onto the scene in America's big cities, offering a fast and cheap option for many workers. As the industry grows, some restaurant owners are none too pleased as they feel food trucks are using their locations to poach customers http://ow.ly/lCagp, Sihoko Goto, associate with the Woodrow Wilson Center's Asia Program, joined us in the studio to discuss Japan's economy following a recent decline in Nikkei stocks. She also talked about the state of retail sales as well as the shifting consumer demographics in the region, and more!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6i_eNMXhPI, NASDAQ has been fined $10 million by the SEC after mishandling the highly publicized Facebook IPO. Tom Jelneck, President of On Target Web Solutions, joined us to talk about the unprecedented penalty. Despite the heavy price tag, he noted that a more reasonable fine would have been upwards of $300 million when considering the valuation of damages done http://ow.ly/lyzzG, In Honduras' San Pedro Sula, dubbed by some as the 'murder capital of the world,' the two largest and most dangerous gangs have declared a truce. Members of the Mara Salvatrucha and the Mara 18 Street gangs are now decrying and repenting against their previously violent lifestyles in a bid to seek peace; they now look to the government for aid as they demand job training programs which would help acclimate them to a life of honest work. John Holman reports:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=En-xVb4_z40&feature=youtu.be, We spoke with Tehran-based journalist Ghanbar Naderi to talk about the Friends of Syria meeting hosted in Iran. He pointed out that the talks aimed to take a step back and facilitate communication among the international community which includes both the Syrian government and rebel forces, noting that the western world has further complicated the crisis and has broken international protocol through John McCain meeting with rebels and Europe lifting an arms embargo

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dHA-oZVTVg, One business in Florida is lending a hand to individuals disadvantaged by autism through giving them employment to help them earn a living. Watch our story on the Rising Tide car wash, on Biz Asia America!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xedpRjTH0fY, The Miami Police Department is helping to train police from Haiti to battle drug trafficking in the Carribean. This joint effort is in response to violent gangs taking a hold in the region; see what they are doing to stop the problem: http://ow.ly/lw8Ia, Many clothing retails are beginning to see the financial benefit of switching to virtual models in advertising, a trend which saves money for companies but may put models out of jobs. Do virtual models have a different impact on consumer response than real ones? What do you think? http://ow.ly/lw5qy, Though the US stock market is enjoying historic highs, many billionaire stockholders warn of a crisis on the economic horizon as they dump their shares. Hear why, on Biz Asia America! http://ow.ly/lvSvv, Anchor Mike Walter interviews professor of strategic management Wu Changqi on the best and worst-case scenarios that may result from the dispute over the solar industry between the EU and China. Some fear that a trade war will be hard to avoid http://ow.ly/lvWMM, As Europe's economy struggles to gain a solid footing, many Asian countries are enjoying a robust economic growth. Even though this is the case, the wealth gaps within the countries are also growing, and showing no sign of stopping http://ow.ly/lvUsr, Joyce Chang, global head of fixed income research for JP Morgan, on economics reforms in China: leaders trying to create a more stable growth fueled by domestic demand rather than by the state sector

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yf7zhrvWLgM, Former President of Veterans for Peace, Mike Ferner, joined us to talk about Memorial Day and what it means for him as a US veteran himself. He talked about advertisements appealing to soldiers involved in the War on Terror http://ow.ly/lrbFj, We interviewed Katharina Zellweger, a fellow in Korean Studies at Stanford University, to talk about the North Korean envoy recently send to Beijing. She stressed the significance of Chinese President Xi Jinping personally meeting with the envoy, giving greater hope for peaceful cooperation in the wake of tensions in the region http://ow.ly/lrawR, Jo Bourne, the Global Chief of Education for Unicef, joined us to talk about challenges facing the development of education across the world. Many countries simply do not have sufficient resources to provide adequate education, and these areas are being targeted with unique strategies

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_eVIPk4mTTk, See how one region in Mexico has experienced the brutal drug war as the government has unceasingly been battling an occupying cartel

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNSGqXPyTRw, Ever tried Brazilian cachaca? A new trade agreement between the US and Brazil will see the popular alcoholic drink finding its way to the American market. The agreement stipulates that only the authentic drink may be sold, in an effort to foster mutual cultural understanding and appreciation

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iJ2ftVRxWw, This week on Americas Now —a 150 year-old mystery. When workmen renovating a cathedral in Cienfuegos, Cuba stripped away the plaster they discovered handwriting they couldn’t decipher. It wasn’t Spanish, or Latin, or any language they could recognize. It was Chinese. What were the Chinese doing in a Cuban cathedral back in the 19th century? For the answer, travel back in time with us—on Americas Now. Airing Sunday at 8:30 PM US Eastern time, tune in!, Check out our exclusive interview with President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos. He spoke with correspondent Michelle Begue on the future prospects of Colombia and his approach to the country's social and economic issues. Enjoy!

http://youtu.be/UYcT0JW6JoI, In the aftermath of the destruction caused by the tornado in Moore, Oklahoma, we joined Dr. Harold Brooks from the National Severe Storms Laboratory, to talk about the frequency and severity of tornadoes in the region and what can be done to improve warning measures.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-_0nnZl4rQ, Americas Now from last night (5/19) is posted on youtube! And what an amazing broadcast we have. Personal favorite: a man in Colombia converting AK-47s into guitars! Enjoy! 

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDNI14zH0J2hzLYdeN03_koDZnxOJd-uW, Legendary Investor Jim Rogers shares his knowledge and upcoming book: Street Smarts: Adventures on the Road and in the Markets. Soon to be released in Mandarin!

http://youtu.be/-upZevx6EPQ, Japanese company Uniqlo is sponsoring free Friday night admission at New York's famed Museum of Modern Art, located near the company's flagship store. Though consumers are often skeptical of corporations seeking to monetize good will, these museum goers are seemingly happy to let Uniqlo foot the bill: 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_l6dDmaLjs, The Associated Press has reported that the US federal government has collected two months of its phone data. Kathy Kiely of the Sunlight Foundation joined us to talk about it, and she pointed out that the government seems to be targeting whistleblowers within organizations, which raises "disturbing questions"

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-vtzallLIU, China's GDP growth has been slowing down; is this a bad sign for the country's economy? Patrick Chovanec thinks not necessarily, as he says "meaningful economic growth" is more important than achieving concrete GDP numbers. See more:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaB56xRidlQ, Traditional Chinese medicine is used around the globe, but who would of guessed there's a large practice in Cuba!? 

http://youtu.be/e565NFjgllw, How would it feel to leave the home and land you love? Michelle Begue shares the story of displaced Colombians struggling to return home. 

http://youtu.be/X6vAupWLUmQ, Check out our report on the gluten-free industry, which has been experiencing rapid growth over the past several years. Is it just a fad or a sustainable trend?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lplgKSKaT4, 'Mompreneur' runs her own business while raising four children, she says she "chose sleep deprivation over financial hardship." Take a look at how this hard-working mother does it!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9aSUvLDgIs, Peter Blair Henry, NYU business school Dean and author of "Turnaround," joined us to talk about his new book and what lessons the third world can provide to the rest of the world

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnFXzKBhcu0, With Israel and Palestine both making diplomatic visits to Beijing, we interviewed Andrew Small, Transatlantic Fellow of the Asia Program for the German Marshall Fund, on China's potential role in mediating peace between the embattled Middle East powers

http://youtu.be/z4T1IhwLMuQ, Kristalina Georgieva, EU Commissioner for Humanitarian Aid, joined us in the studio to talk about Syria. She stressed that the international community needs to realize that military intervention is not the right decision, and a political solution must be conceived

http://youtu.be/EfDCUeDStGo, We interviewed former member of the British Parliament, John Browne, to talk about UK immigration. He believes that people are 'starting to wake up' and see the EU as a broken system. On Biz Asia America!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idnxSAZ1Evo, Property taxes are putting heavy pressure on the growing middle class in China. Many property owners are even selling everything off and moving abroad. Zhang Tao reports:

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j47eDrKn_BI, 'Green' fashion is an industry on the rise, currently valued at around $5 billion - ten times as much as a decade ago. With incidents such as the recent fire in Bangladesh making their global impact felt, see how many consumers are reconsidering the way their clothing is produced

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HVmNVRtk8o, Sources revealed Roberto Azevedo has been chosen over Mexico's Herminio Blanco to lead the World Trade Organization. CCTV correspondents from around the globe share the latest on this breaking story.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6qseJqwEH4, How did dinosaur bones originating from Mongolia's Gobi desert end up selling at an auction house in New York City for over $1 million? US immigration and customs official blames theft as the bones were returned to their rightful owner in a ceremony http://ow.ly/kO2Y6, What happens to your online accounts when you die? More and more people are beginning to consider how to handle the status of their online assets after death. Is this a sign of an upcoming standard in the modern era? http://ow.ly/kO24n, American car manufacturers are gaining influence in Africa with tremendous growth in the region. See how the US companies have been testing the African market and who has been successful so far

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Cm6fm73sBY, Wilmer Valderrama on The Heat joins Mike Walker to talk about the perception of immigration in the US and the issue of reform: 'undocumented workers provide a lot to the economy,' and 'are not here to take away jobs.' Take a look!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQjWGF9O2rU, After the police had abandoned them there was only one thing to do: take the law into their own hands. See how effective this vigilante police force is in Mexico.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8q0fj6hmhBc, There is a heated debate around domestic drone use. Police officers can do their jobs at a lower cost while out of harms way, but will peoples privacy be infringed upon? Watch Jessica Stone's report on America's Now!

http://youtu.be/hWEXdfnQzS0, See how an innovative program combining music and academics has found success in Juneau, Alaska. One teacher, inspired by a similar program in Venezuela, brought the concept up north and shared it with under performing kindergarten students at Glacier Valley Elementary. The results were stunning, with a noted increase in performance and self-esteem among students. On Americas Now!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjlmCnVbndI, Anchor Phillip Yin interviews current affairs commentator Gregory Tsang on China's dairy contamination scandal and difficulties faced by the industry in regaining consumer trust. The solution? Extensive government involvement in the production and regulation processes, and more transparency. Watch the full discussion here!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaUABsp2RDY, With the addition of an extensive public transportation system among other advances, see how Colombia's Medellin has gone from one of the most dangerous cities to being dubbed 'Most Innovative City in the World'

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLCsaWpJ-40, Are US labor unions still relevant in the modern era? Some say no due to decades of drastic labor reforms, but expert Phillip Dine offers a different perspective. Take a look!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJqlv82kgJU, Is this a ride share start-up or a legal excuse for a gypsy cab? http://youtu.be/5mqsNj40RZI, Blackberry Q10 Release in Toronto. The company hopes the new release will finally rival the iPhone.  

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZ7UwgYmFDs, Colombia's Informal Economy, people who are selling whatever they can to make a living http://youtu.be/jXY_DNvEYi8, New thoughts around Guantanamo Bay after the Boston bombing http://youtu.be/XmBmMj4gMZY, Want to become a millionar? Develope a popular video game http://youtu.be/YioUuirRyQM, Things are looking up for the U.S. economy based on recent reports on consumer spending. Lynn Franco is here to give us the details. 

http://youtu.be/KyaBiElbCkE, Anchor Mike Walter and Arsalan Iftikhar, author and human rights lawyer, discuss the Boston Bombings in relation to Islamic extremists and the public consensus. Check out this great interview on The Heat!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WA7BdJlVhes, Watch our story on 'Live Below the Line,' a movement inviting individuals to experience the hardships of life below the poverty line, attempting to survive on less than $2 a day!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6mNkUXIPVU, Take a look at how these young Venezuelans are transforming their community!

http://youtu.be/t3dy_FToWzI, Do you know who José Efraín Ríos Montt is? Some call him a murderer. He's currently on trial for genocide the was committed when he was president of Guatemala. 

http://youtu.be/ysBzwhyT3l8, Are you in favor of sending e-cards or traditional paper greeting cards to families and friends during holiday seasons?, Possible future earthquakes in China before July, and what needed to be prepared., A look into the relationship between immigration policy and US economy., In case you missed it: CCTV America featured on NPR's All Things Considered

http://t.co/xXGsKtHZW0, Singaporeans are snapping up gold after a sudden drop in the precious metal's value. How far will the price drop?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kh2kMynTUyk, Sheila Smith from the Council on Foreign Relations and a senior fellow in Japan Studies joins Elaine Reyes to discuss the disputed Diaoyu islands.

http://youtu.be/NFye5Lm1gD8, New Trend: Viewers moving from the T.V. to the Computer http://youtu.be/YpZA1KlFJi4, Bad news for summertime travelers in the U.S. The recent budget cuts may make flying even more stressful. Jessica Stone reports....

http://youtu.be/cODyXkSiXdI, Why don't Americans like Tofu? Probably because the Tofu they're used to is of extremely poor quality. A company in California is looking to change that. 

http://youtu.be/7id5TqwgUlI, A great show on youtube from last night! Videos include a not so special anniversary, proposed smoking regulation in New York, and everyone's favorite toy building blocks! 

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-YmrHBeVXmtjxTvT9UXaMUltki73EhD1, Dr. Anil Gupta on China's economy. The country is still growing, but slower than before. Watch for more details..

 http://youtu.be/sDUWQpDLqKk, Check out our story on a 9-year-old boy's cartoon campaign in the Philippines which aims to fight obesity. The idea came from a school project with the purpose of making a difference.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTkg680Fiuk, Mike Walter moderates a panel with Judy Pino, communications director for the Libre Initiative, and political strategist Richard Fowler discussing whether the Boston Marathon bombings have a place in the debate over immigration reform. What do you think?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuUD2G7OCeE, Former FBI agent Tom Thurman joins us to talk about the Boston Marathon tragedy and what steps law enforcement officials are taking in the following investigation

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndDWl7MBv14, Should private companies be allowed to hold patents on human genes? The US Supreme Court deliberates on the issue, and we explore it on last night's Biz Asia America!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXK5gdvHi9I, In this week's Americas Now, Elaine Reyes takes you to the scene of Venezuela Presidential election. We take a look at Hugo Chavez as a leader, his image in history and his influence on the people., Economic experts say that the Chinese government is undervaluing its currency Yuan, and manipulating the economic data., Texas Governor Rick Perry plans to move the state gold back from the Fed., Join in on our discussion with TJ Walker of the Daily National and radio host Mark Levine about taxes and the global economy. How do you think tax rates affect economic growth?

http://bit.ly/170Aqvt, The inflation rate in Brazil is hurting consumers with rising food prices. Is this a sign of continued economic instability in the region characteristic of the 80's and 90's?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SZGNBH0HSo, Surfs up! Check out the Pororoca Tidal Bore, an upstream traveling wave on the Amazon River caused by the Atlantic pushing the river in the other direction. Amazing!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z51-z6PHLt8, Take a look at our story following a same-sex couple and the legal difficulties they face living in Virginia

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xe1Sx9vUT9Q, Last night on Biz Asia America we explore the controversial legacy left behind by the UK's 'Iron Lady,' Margaret Thatcher

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phJ2Bg_h0K8, Join CCTV Americas Now as we explore a school in Juno, Alaska, that has seen an increase in its students math and reading. The increase comes from one music teacher's program designed to boost confidence, and you'll never guess which country it's from. Enjoy!

http://bit.ly/17nsffJ, Never thought you'd like ballet? This story might inspire you. Michael Voss introduces us to Osiel Gounod. A 21-year-old cuban, who has the potential to be one of the world's greatest dancers. http://youtu.be/XKmWGhuA3DI, Take a look at last night's interview with Stephen Haggard about the escalating tensions on the Korean Peninsula!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llVgsQCZLW8, Follow us on Twitter for more content! @CCTV_America

https://twitter.com/CCTV_America, Great interview last night with Jim Rickards, author of "Currency Wars: The Making of the Next Global Crisis" on financial struggles in the Euro Zone

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHbQn7Sip9o, Drones might be flying in a neighborhood near you. A county in Virginia already has two. States are drafting legislation to regulate Drone use, but should they even be used at all? 

http://youtu.be/E1_Vug_jr-s, Intriguing story from The Heat on China's "leftover" women

http://bit.ly/12bZvXk, The auto show, Starbucks in India, and Apple's apology to China are just a few of the great stories from last night's Biz Asia America! Sit back and enjoy!

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-YmrHBeVXmtS2n4jXPukiPK7tEOlGHqe&feature=view_all, In case you missed Biz Asia America from the other night: Online gambling, Philippines' new investment grade rating, an interview of a same-sex couple on DOMA, and much more, check it out!

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-YmrHBeVXmt9rbwMCQWqm0Vq4Amh7k9g, $30 million dollar apps, video games, property and gay rights are all included in last night's episode of CCTV America! Sit back and tune in, last night's episode has something for everyone. Enjoy!

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-YmrHBeVXmuTqZnoqTpkwPDbTzzO6PwN, This video is great for both video game lovers and business strategists. How Popcap penetrated the Chinese gaming market. They are one of the only companies, besides Blizzard, to do so. 

http://youtu.be/AzV4x6G2h2o, Apple takes hit to customer service reputation abroad

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gj5PT_IPPA&list=PL-YmrHBeVXmty4TY0X9f66g9g7mvQ7-Vh&index=2, Last night on Biz Asia America we talk about Pandas in Canada, the effects of the Cyprus bailout, international struggles for Apple, and much more, take a look!

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-YmrHBeVXmty4TY0X9f66g9g7mvQ7-Vh, Another must-watch debate on The Heat: How justified was the Iraq War?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flXT3bMU-j4, There's a theme of climate change in this week's episode of Americas now. Tune in to see how melting glaciers are affecting our world. Specifically, see how they affect rural communities that have been living off the land for thousands of years. 

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDNI14zH0J2iJtrE8Ru2O9OPc4LNn5Mq2, Economic insight on Xi Jingping's visit to Moscow, A small device to help you control gas consumption and generate live reports to your smartphone or computer., What's the impact of emerging economies on the U.S.? A talk with the co-authors of the book Rising Tide., Take a look at some highlights from last night's Biz Asia America, featuring coverage on US-Israel relations, the future of solar energy, and more!

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-YmrHBeVXmvKMN-bJbwVXk4wzoujSBWz, HUGE broadcast from last night posted on youtube. CCTV takes a look at the rumored new apple product and a retired U.S. army general tells some of the major mistakes that occurred inside the Iraq War. Take some time out of your day to relax and tune in.

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-YmrHBeVXmvKt9g5Z0aT7nU3brwB-25-&feature=edit_ok, Take a look at our interview with Jon Huntsman on China's leadership transition from last night!

part 1: http://bit.ly/Y1bbLh 
part 2: http://bit.ly/Ypcn5h, On The Heat: a debate on how economic neoliberalism is affecting the way American's and Chinese do business (full episode)

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=073rJtsDK-s, Take a look at last night's highlights from Biz Asia America!

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-YmrHBeVXmtiB60xde-kOOYL_nYFSUnK&feature=view_all, Here are some highlights from the weekend program! We have some great coverage from our Rethinking Afghanistan editions and a 17-year-old that just won $100,000. Enjoy!

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHzrnR4YvIZp37aeyEAZnfXbE_7ZRfaXE, EU launches grand coalition to combat IT worker shortage

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrp_UPOWXZk, Samsung's highly anticipated Galaxy S4 revealed, will it be able to compete with Apple?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFiVZZpDdfM, Panel discussion on the impact of China's leadership transition

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZ3Lg53rG2Y&feature=youtu.be, Interview with Robert Kuhn on Xi Jinping's leadership style

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGTjbLzV6co, Google settles for $7 million after being accused of breaching individuals' privacy

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ttrBqsVKAQ, How will US and China trade relations evolve following the CPPCC in Beijing?

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qobtIFlcg00, Take a look at this interview with Cheng Li on the new leadership in China! 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMP920eKxRQ, Some great highlights on youtube from last night's show. We have everything from a Karaoke Taxi in Tel Aviv to developing rural communities in China. Enjoy everyone! 

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-YmrHBeVXmu-yaBIVnuP5S4Pbca_mXUQ, Some great highlights on youtube from last night's show. We have everything from a Karaoke Taxi in Tel Aviv to developing rural communities in China. Enjoy everyone! 

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-YmrHBeVXmu-yaBIVnuP5S4Pbca_mXUQ, #Socialmedia boom in #Brazil means more business opportunities http://t.co/9z0SC4FX4D, China's labor shortage

http://bit.ly/16pLGEg, Another great episode of Americas Now is up on youtube! We focus this weeks broadcast on Chavez and a referendum that is occurring in Peru. Sit back and get informed! 

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDNI14zH0J2iJmqsGGj614a_pfDkf2SKI, The political and economic scene of Venezuela after Chavez., Single mothers by choice. A look at the struggles and miracles., Take a look at some segments from last night's BizAsiaAmerica! http://bit.ly/Y0zLWz, CCTV America's coverage of the death of Hugo Chavez over the past two days. We have reactions from our correspondents around the world!
http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHzrnR4YvIZoqzt2J7kFzzJdqrmEgbGqm, Great episode of Americas Now up from last night on youtube! We visit proud gun owners in Alaska and the person that keeps cigar rollers in Cuba entertained. 

http://www.youtube.com/user/cctvamericasnow?feature=mhee, Last night's highlights up on youtube!!!

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-YmrHBeVXmtVMa2jhvccf7-wRu912JUb, CCTV is looking for the best and brightest to join its Beijing team! If you're a seasoned journalist or producer and can speak english apply now!!!  http://www.cctv.com/jobs/index.shtml, Well they didn't quite get the nod for an Oscar for documentary film on Sunday but Sean Callebs has an inside look at the making of unique film - http://youtu.be/w1cVy1XmGyI, CCTV NEWS in Beijing is recruiting!  If you’re an experienced journalist or producer, and have a good knowledge of English, we’d like to hear from you. You can find full details of all the positions available online at www.cctv.com/jobs, CCTV Americas Now edition up on youtube! We have two great stories: one on Colombia's response to drug abuse and the other is four young adults in Peru linked in a bitter sweet way. Enjoy!

 http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDNI14zH0J2gZT02P6YXL6IvfvVS0Xjw8, For tomorrow's Academy Awards, do you believe Marketing Campaigns is the key to win?, A memorial for Japan's comfort women during the Second World War caused opposition from Japanese politicians., McDonald is becoming increasingly popular in Italy as it provides a cheaper meal choice for Italian families and a potential job market for unemployed Italians., In the middle of the ongoing tensions between Japan and China, what's the role of the U.S.?, The highlights from the past two shows are up on youtube! We have some really great stuff up there check it out! 

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-YmrHBeVXmt80Zs1lkUWGBn7YD4Hm9hC

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-YmrHBeVXms9TxF3Q5n8plqP1L8EXxUn, CCTV Americas Now from last night is up on Youtube! This week's episode has a focus on Cuba. One of the segments focuses on Cuba's colorful past filled with the mafia, drugs, sex and gambling with Enrique Cirules author of "The Mafia in Havana: A Caribbean Mob Story"

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDNI14zH0J2iwWixcBUDHJZ7x5IrAMZsB, U.S. retailers are all after the Chinese Spring Festival. CCTV Michelle Makori looked into the special initiatives taken by Bloomingdale's to attract Chinese shoppers., Horse meat is labelled as beef across U.K. Food chain checks encounter difficulties, and Ireland is facing crisis on its beef export., How is "Linsanity" one year later? CCTV looks into the marketability of Jeremy Lin as he is now playing in Houston., HUGE list of highlights from CCTV Biz Asia America. Everything from Wine in India to a panel on Obama's State of the Union. We also have an awesome video on a Fly Suit Race in Brazil! Enjoy!!! http://www.youtube.com/playlist?feature=edit_ok&list=PL-YmrHBeVXmuSJEJ5xUEZPEj95Pnx9IwN, CCTV BizAsiaAmerica is up on youtube from last night! We have a great show featuring the NYC toy festival! On the more serious side, former U.S. Ambassador to South Korea provides his input on the growing DPRK threat! 

http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-YmrHBeVXmud7iCGMp4GcEVeFaRLbSCO, We have a great CCTV Americas Now broadcast to share. In celebration of the Chinese New Year, the broadcast is themed around Chinese immigrants who have flourished abroad. http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDNI14zH0J2ivI28aeekglZOAFk_Y_zSo, Americas now broadcast is up on youtube! We have two great stories in Cuba and Peru! The legendary cuban Jazz singer Omara Portuando shares her story and even sings for us in part 2! In Peru, Dan Collyns explores the controversial "Ritual of Blood" that leaves the endangered Condor in a rough situation. http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDNI14zH0J2hg-v3IympKqRUaui4puL8M, Hilary Clinton left the position of the Secretary of the State with legacy and challenges. How does John Kerry compare?, Printing technology is following the trend of getting mobile. Take a look at the innovations at this year's MacWorld Conference!, Superbowl, the big annual money making machine, is scheduled for this Sunday. Follow CCTV to get a taste of the atmosphere in New Orleans., http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-YmrHBeVXmu7BvPHqhJkwbQ1TKoUOCwB

Huge Biz Asia America list up on youtube! Some of the videos include Amazon's stock rise, school shootings, and the fight over gay marriage in France!, Americas Now from yesterday up on Youtube! From Quinoa to Oscar nominated movies #CCTVAmericasNow has you covered http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDNI14zH0J2jaZjHa_sN6bWbw338feJqp, Where is the best city in the U.S. for housing investment? Bonnie Casper, the president of the Greater Capital Area Associate of Realtors, gives her insight., New York City learned from Tokyo and started building micro apartments., The power of clean drinking water http://t.co/Txhqe0sO #Bolivia #waterforpeople, We've been doing this for almost one year - providing high-quailty international news coverage on the scene, giving in-depth analysis as news happens, expanding our staff and extending showtime. Take a look at the great staff we did in 2012, and you know bigger surprises are just about to come. CCTV audience, thank you for your support!, No longer too high-tech to afford, night vision glasses will be made available at $200 a pair to the public., Are you at the Capital for the Inauguration Day? CCTV reports how the stage has been set and local businesses got prepared for this special weekend., .@vancsura Thanks for the follow Karina! No endorsement required! Hope you like some of the broadcasts on youtube! http://t.co/r7kmYhuW, New Hope for Victims' Families in #Mexico http://t.co/ix5uFeNG (via @BizAsiaAmerica), Cute pups in Sao Paul! #Brazil http://t.co/ADkVwX8q, Sony, Samsung and Intel at #2013CES  http://t.co/ivacB7b2, Exclusive interview with former #AIG CEO Hank Greenberg http://t.co/ytpkeMOI (via @BizAsiaAmerica), Join #WorldBank experts in a webinar on waterfront urban development in South #Asia. http://t.co/CrdYuNEM (via @CCTV_America), #YPF to exploit one of Latin America's largest oil and gas reserves http://t.co/nTtzHLhl (via @BizAsiaAmerica), 2012 marks a record breaking year for #Hollywood! Video: http://t.co/qbR44Ii0 (via @BizAsiaAmerica), Sean Callebs takes us to Greenland, where global warming is not only real, but imminent. Americas Now, Sunday at 8pm! @CCTVAmericasNOW, Chinese Artists Travel to Create America's Largest Ice Sculpture Exhibit    http://t.co/qN3F9fed, Boogaloo Music Sees a Revival in the Heart of New York City http://t.co/jvQ5WD3Y, A Behind the Scenes Look at Cirque Du Soleil's Totem http://t.co/NOfVhfRq, David Chipman from U.S. Bureau of Firearms and Explosives called Dec. 14 shooting at Newtown, Conn. unprecedented., American University professor Emilio Viano joined CCTV to discuss the deadly Newtown, Conn. school shooting on Friday., Mother Mourns After Daughter is Caught in the Crossfire of Gang Violence https://t.co/04U2OzHa, Laura Carlson Discusses A Solution to Gang Violence http://t.co/4wLpt2jk, Overcrowded Prisons Force Inmates to Live in Filth http://t.co/fQ3fhOTg, Homeless World Cup Brings Children Together to Compete for Tenth Year http://t.co/e2aNHuae, Laura Carlson on Mexico’s Newest President Enrique Pena Nieto http://t.co/S069S8an, Kevin Johansen Showcases Cross-Cultural Upbringing with Album "Bi" http://t.co/GanDzNX2, Once Rival Nations Work Together to Preserve the Memory of Ernest Hemingway http://t.co/jzxy5w8Q, Silicon valley is known as a hub for technology innovation. It's where Apple first launched computers. But high labor costs have sent manufacturing of these devices overseas. But one company, AM&S inc., is not buying into that philosophy. CCTV's Mark Niu reports., Cuba and the U.S. are marking the tenth anniversary of a joint project to preserve and restore the home of American Nobel prize winning author Ernest Hemingway. CCTV's Michael Voss reports from Havana., CCTV's Anand Naidoo speaks with Adel Iskandar, Adjunct Professor at Georgetown University, and Matt Brodsky, Director of policy for the Jewish policy center, about the future of the Israel-Hamas cease-fire agreement and if it can pave the way for a more lasting peace., In this slow economy, even small American companies see exporting to China as their best chance for growth. One such company even went on a trade mission to China in hopes of boosting its business there. CCTV's Karina Huber reports., This year U.S. Black Friday sales are expected to top $21 billion as millions head to store in search of bargains. CCTV's Roza Kazan reports., Millions of Americans head home for the thanksgiving holidays and begin the journey of a thousand miles. As CCTV's YaKenda McGahee reports 90% of those traveling are expected to hit the road., Heinz only has a 10% market share in India for its ketchup. CCTV's Shweta Bajaj reports on the challenges Heinz faces in growing its market share., EU leaders gathered in Brussels for what's expected to be a two-day debate over the next spending budget. But as CCTV's Jack Barton explains disagreements ahead of the summit are dimming prospects for a breakthrough., This year, there's an added worry about a possible U.S. fiscal cliff that could mean cuts to much needed programs to help protect the society's most vulnerable members. CCTV's Nitza Soledad Perez reports from Miami., Japanese tech giants Sony and Panasonic have seen their credit ratings cut to junk status as they struggle to repay debts. As CCTV's Mike Firn reports, figuring out the right product strategy could decide their future., It's the first day after the cease-fire agreement between Israel and Hamas, and people in Gaza have been trying to get their lives back to some kind of normalcy. As CCTV's Kate Parkinson reports from Gaza there's concern over how long this cease-fire will last., New numbers show that British property values are rising. And that's raising hopes that the UK economy is recovering. CCTV's Richard Bestic reports, the property picture for investors is proving to be more complicated., Many have predicted that the Afghan economy will suffer when the U.S. troops withdraw in 2014. But as CCTV correspondent Courtney Body reports the local currency is already on the decline., The fiscal cliff will kick in next year if President Obama and the Congress cannot reach a deal. But this could hurt retailers' profit as well, whether a deal is reached or not. CCTV's Rachelle Akuffo reports., CCTV's Phillip Yin speaks to Democratic Political strategist, Richard Fowler, and Ed Butowsky, Managing Partner of Chapwood Capital Investment Management, abut the U.S. fiscal cliff negotiations and ways for the U.S. to recover., Racing for their Lives: An In-depth Look at the U.S. Horse Racing Industry  http://t.co/c8kDGjJq, NOW SHOWING! Fooling horses into running itself to death | WATCH LIVE http://t.co/xnKEp0HJ @CCTV_America, TONIGHT @CCTVAmericasNOW will take a look at Horse Doping! http://t.co/743eH55W | 2030 ET Sunday, Special Edition of @CCTVAmericasNOW today. @CCTV_America’s Mike Kirsch opens the gates on the U.S. horse racing industry | 2030 ET, Tomorrow @CCTVAmericasNOW will take a look at Horse Doping! http://t.co/743eH55W | 2030 ET Sunday, CCTV's Phillip Yin speaks to former U.S. Secretary of Labor Elaine Chao about her thoughts on the Congressional gridlock and the U.S. economic outlook., Hostess is going out of business and fans of Twinkies snack cakes are rushing to stores to get their hands on what's still left. CCTV's YaKenda McGahee reports., One investment firm went as far as convincing a court in Ghana to impound an Argentinian Navy ship. It says the Argentine government owes it millions of dollars. CCTV's Brian Byrnes explains., Mexico’s senate on Tuesday approved big changes to the country’s labor laws, the first in 40 years. The government and businesses argue the shake-up will improve Mexico’s economic growth. But as CCTV’s Franc Contreras reports from Mexico City, not everyone agrees., Washington DC Bureau, THIS SUNDAY @CCTVAmericasNOW will take a look at Horse Doping! http://t.co/743eH55W | 2030 ET Sunday, THIS SUNDAY ON AMERICAS NOW! Investigative Correspondent Mike Kirsch opens the gates on the U.S. horse racing industry. Taking us behind the stable doors to where American racehorses are being saddled with a lot more than just a harness. Find out about the performance enhancing practices and the price being paid to make a profit | 2030 ET Sunday, (Part 2/2) In this special coverage of 'Global Expectations', we look at what we learned by watching the 18th Communist Party Congress and what we are still learning about China's new party leader Xi Jinping. We'll also find what China's new leadership means for the world., (Part 1/2) In this special coverage of 'Global Expectations', we look at what we learned by watching the 18th Communist Party Congress and what we are still learning about China's new party leader Xi Jinping. We'll also find what China's new leadership means for the world., Follow us on Facebook to know the latest between Asia and America: http://t.co/rINTyZXq, At the race track, horses get “milk-shaked”. That’s what they call the crime of doping a horse to increase its stamina. @CCTVAmericasNOW, Americas Now correspondent Mike Kirsch has spent the last three months following the horse racing circuit in Southern California, gaining extraordinary access to racing insiders from Santa Anita to Hollywood Park and Del Mar…He tells us about the performance enhancing practices and the price being paid to make a profit. Join us this Sunday 8:30 PM ET, Special Edition of @CCTVAmericasNOW this Sunday. @CCTV_America’s Mike Kirsch opens the gates on the U.S. horse racing industry | 2030 ET, This Sunday, watch a special edition of Americas Now. Investigative Correspondent Mike Kirsch opens the gates on the U.S. horse racing industry. Taking us behind the stable doors to where American racehorses are being saddled with a lot more than just a harness. Find out about the performance enhancing practices and the price being paid to make a profit. | 2030 ET Sunday, 'Mapping' Assesses Never Before Seen Parts of Amazon Rainforest http://t.co/08p1FzwW, Man Attempts to Spiritually Heal Mental Illness Caused By Ongoing Mexican Drug War http://t.co/UYGpTUD6, Colombia Makes Effort to Bring more than Half a Decade of Armed Conflict to an End http://t.co/EpXnMaKi, NOW SHOWING! on @CCTV_AmericasNOW, Running out of Air | watch live stream http://t.co/xnKEp0HJ, This Sunday on @CCTV_AmericasNOW, join us for "Running out of Air" & see how further damage to the Amazon forest can affect us | 21:30 EST, President Barack Obama said Friday that he will work on the looming problem of fiscal cliff that could send the country back into recession. CCTV's Jessica Stone reports., CCTV's Mike Walter speaks to Former U.S. Ambassador to China Jon Huntsman about China's National Congress and its relationship with the U.S., Many small business owners remain split on whether another term of President Obama will be good or bad for their business. CCTV's Liling Tan reports., On January 1, 2014, companies with more than 50 employees will be required to offer healthcare coverage to employees working more than 30 hours a week. As CCTV's Mark Niu reports, that led many companies to say they will be hiring more part-time workers instead, to avoid costs., Many American families are finding it hard to afford tuition fees of private secondary schools and are opting for free public schools instead. As a result many prep schools are looking to China to boost their revenue. CCTV's Karina Huber reports., (Part 3/3) China's first ever U.S. election coverage - with a focus on how the world sees the American presidency., (Part 2/3) China's first ever U.S. election coverage - with a focus on how the world sees the American presidency., (Part 1/3) China's first ever U.S. election coverage - with a focus on how the world sees the American presidency., CCTV's Phillip Yin speaks to Robert Scott from Economic Policy Institute about how realistic China's growth targets are and the biggest hurdles that could stand in the way., While many Syrians have fled to neighboring countries for safety, some will live with the injuries forever. CCTV's Kate Parkinson reports from Jordan., Peru is home to the world's richest fisheries, but recently the country slashed its commercial fishing quota to more than a half. CCTV's Dan Collyns reports., Hundreds of companies from around the world head to Cuba for the international trade fair. CCTV's Michael Voss reports., In the Philippines recent economic strides are driving unprecedented growth in its property sector. CCTV's Barnaby Lo reports., While the Americans were waiting in line for casting their ballots last night, Chinese people were watching the election with some diverse interest. Zhou Yue from Beijing brought insight from China to CCTV's Washington studio., Facing the highest unemployment since FDR's presidency, how is Obama going to change the situation for the next four years? A look back brought in by Michelle Makori at CCTV NYC., As the U.S. election modernized, it has been increasingly expensive to be a winner, and even more to be a loser. The rules of campaign finance changed after the Supreme Court decision in 2010. Michelle Makori @CCTVAmerica NYC explained the Money Politics of yesterday's Election., NOW! on @CCTV_America China’s FIRST EVER U.S. election coverage | http://t.co/xnKEp0HJ, Acclaimed Film "No" Documents Historic 1988 Vote in Chile http://t.co/T6XmWISw, 'Dreamers' Face Challenges but Hope for a Bright Future After Presidential Election http://t.co/ktaoAMzp, 2012 Presidential Election May Not Be Decided by Popular Vote  http://t.co/SIrLMMBq, NOW! on @CCTV_AmericasNOW, the multi-billion dollar duel for the U.S. presidency nears the finish line |  http://t.co/xnKEp0HJ, This Tuesday on CCTV America, China’s first ever U.S. election coverage with a focus on how the world sees the American Presidency. Live coverage starts at 8:00 PM EST | http://english.cntv.cn/live/, CCTV's Phillip Yin interviews U.S. Secretary of labor Hilda Solis on the political implications of the job reports., Maine recently embarked on its first trade mission to China. CCTV's Karina Huber reports., As the presidential race nears its finish line, the new October unemployment figures takes center stage in the political campaigns. CCTV's Jessica Stone reports live at the White House., According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, unemployment rate for African Americans jumped from 13.4% in September to 14.3% in October, an almost a full percentage point change. Unemployment among African Americans in the U.S. is more than twice as high as that of white Americans, and nearly double the overall national average. CCTV's Rachelle Akuffo investigates., More companies are joining a corporate layoff trend brought by sluggish US growth and the Eurozone crisis. Weaker earnings have prompted cutbacks and downsizing from industrial giants to big banks. CCTV's Liling Tan reports., Argentine law makers lowered the country's voting age from 18 to 16. But as CCTV's Brian Byrnes reports, some are saying the measure was taken for political reasons., European tires will now be fitted with new consumer rating labels ratings like those on washing machine and refrigerators. CCTV's Jack Barton reports., This Sunday on @CCTV_AmericasNOW, the multi-billion dollar duel for the U.S. presidency nears the finish line | Join us at 20:30 EST, Eligible U.S. voters in Israel and West Bank are casting their votes next week. Who would be their choice? CCTV Stephanie Freid spoke to some of the voters and brought in their perspectives., Damage from #Sandy could add up to $50 billion. CCTV Liling Tan reports from New York City., UK's first 4G network was launched to a limited population with high price, CCTV Biz Asia America Correspondent Richard Bestic reports from London., Reading a good book could mean less time served in jail, CCTV Stephen Gibbs reports from Brazil., NOW! @CCTVAmericasNOW La Barra Brava, the notorious football gangs of Argentina | 2130 EST @CCTV_America http://t.co/xnKEp0HJ, This Sunday on @CCTVAmericasNOW Join the discussion about La Barra Brava, the notorious football gangs of Argentina | 2130 EST CCTV America, This Sunday @CCTVAmericasNOW Join the discussion about La Barra Brava, the notorious football gangs of Argentina | 2130 EST @CCTV_America, Brazil has more than 60 other legal parallel currencies which are used in some of the nation's poorest communities. CCTV's Stephen Gibbs reports., Colombia is hosting the sixth annual American Competitiveness Forum. As CCTV's Michelle Begue reports the main focus of the event is innovation and prosperity., Colombia is hosting the sixth annual American Competitiveness Forum. As CCTV's Michelle Begue reports the main focus of the event is innovation and prosperity., World Fascination with Pablo Escobar Fosters Tourism in Colombia: http://t.co/bFO3nbUJ, The Most Dangerous Moment in History: A Look Back at the Cuban Missile Crisis - http://t.co/Lt7TLmxV, NOW SHOWING! Cuban Missile Crisis | WATCH LIVE http://t.co/xnKEp0HJ @CCTV_America @CCTVAmericasNOW, Does the Electoral College Accurately Represent the Voice of the American People? http://youtu.be/3qaWDLkoFkY, Swing States: Will a Few Decide it All in the 2012 Presidential Election? http://youtu.be/oUcIPo3__D4, Tune in to @CCTV_America on November 6th for our special election coverage starting at 8:00 PM EST!, This week on @CCTVAmericasNOW, We remember 13 days when the world held its breath over nuclear missiles in Cuba. Join us on Sunday at 21:30 EST, Follow @CCTV_America on twitter for the latest in Asia and around the world. Our shows have #Twitter accounts too! Please follow @BizAsiaAmerica @CCTVAmericasNOW and @CCTV_TheHeat., The U.S. state of California is at risk of natural disasters especially earthquakes. CCTV's Yakenda McGahee reports on how people there are preparing for the next big one., Syria's conflict is not just limited to one country, people outside Syria are also getting affected. CCTV's Roee Ruttenberg has the story from Israel's border with Syria., The EB-5 immigrant investment program has been in place in the U.S. since 1990. As CCTV's Nitza Soledad Perez reports, it has become an innovative way of inducting foreign capital into the U.S. economy., After 80 years on newsstands across America, Newsweek has decided to shut down its print media and go all-digital starting next year. CCTV's Roza Kazan reports., Microsoft and Nokia earnings fell short of estimates in the most recent quarter. CCTV's Mark Niu reports on how their futures depend on each other., Author Ann Lee Discusses Expectations of Chinese GDP Figures: http://youtu.be/dcY40qwFgsA, Market Expectations Nearing Release of Chinese GDP Figures: http://youtu.be/RqyZ4Puz0IU, EU Warns Google over Collection of Private User Data: http://youtu.be/_TPpyxgdYws, Colombian Peace Talks Set to Take Place in Secret Norway Location: http://youtu.be/APiBshjWpzg, Nike Cuts Armstrong Endorsement as Doping Evidence Surfaces: http://youtu.be/3rQex8skZsw, Peruvian Ruins Display Proof of Ancient Fascination of the Afterlife: http://t.co/AFyn8D5h, Chinese Wine Companies Flock to Napa Valley to Open Up Shop: http://t.co/7wS9x0Mq, D.C. anchor Mike Walter and American University Professor Matthew Wright discuss religion's role in the 2012 presidential race and the impact of faith in American public life.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8hWD63m4Zk, Mexico invests overseas, targeting US, European and Asian markets., Big, colorful, eye-catching hot-air balloons filling the blue sky of New Mexico. YaKenda McGahee reported from high above., This Sunday @CCTV_AmericasNOW looks at a Chinese Vineyard hoping to make China’s finest Cabernet... in California. 21:30 EST @CCTV_America, This Sunday, Americas Now takes a look at a Chinese Vineyard that hopes to make China’s finest Cabernet... in California. Join the discussion at 21:30 EST CCTV America, One Cuban farmer has gone an extra mile to devise a method of packaging bio gas and giving it to his neighbors to use for cooking. His innovation has been praised by the authorities, who are now encouraging other farmers to follow suit. CCTV'S Michael Voss reports on how it works., CCTV’s Emily Drew reports on Chinese author Mo Yan, who has now become the pride of China after winning a Nobel Prize for Literature., Belgium has so far avoided Europe's recession, but only just. CCTV's Jack Barton reports on how many Belgium companies have recently gone bankrupt., CCTV's Mike Firn speaks to World Bank's Chief Economist and Senior Vice President Kaushik Basu about the status of Europe's debt crisis and how it will affect the rest of the world in the next few years., Oil Discovery Spurs Mixed Feelings in Louisiana Community http://youtu.be/6LvLvZboxW4, Combination of Issues Deteriorate BAE Merger Proposition   http://youtu.be/ZxAzhaHCla8, American Solar Industry Remains Divided on Obama Tariff Decision http://youtu.be/vHgZEqZJoz8, Taliban Shoot 14 Year Old Girl Kindling Activist Movement in Pakistan   http://youtu.be/RAQqAyIS2PY, Family of Alberto Fujimori Pleas for Former Presidents Release from Prison       http://youtu.be/rxSypvmFh5I, Huawei and ZTE have been criticized by the US Congressional Committee http://t.co/hxTiEnNE @CCTV_America, US may ban a 16-year old trade pact with Mexico...over tomatoes? http://t.co/GrpuNgEA @CCTV_America, Venezuela: Same President, Same Challenges. http://t.co/k4sZWV0R @CCTV_America, A recap of the Venezuelan Elections! http://t.co/b3OPnUeF @BizAsiaAmerica, Despite Health Scare Chavez Campaign Wins Presidential Vote: http://t.co/1qGYlklE @CCTVAmericasNOW, Correspondent Stephen Gibbs takes an in-depth look at Hugo Chavez's most recent campaign for re-election which not only survived when Chavez's health was under threat but blossomed into a presidential victory.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cla8DkOYE5Q, Mark Schneider Discusses Possible Venezuelan Reactions to Final Poll Results: http://t.co/mFdzzJo6, Anchor Elaine Reyes and Mark Schneider, Special Adviser on Latin America at the International Crisis Group, discuss the Venezuelan election with an emphasis on how the millions of voting Venezuelans will react to the final results.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSwu1fq_lpc&feature=youtu.be, Newseum Exhibit Displays the Apolitical Practices of a Political Photojournalist
@CCTV_TheHeat http://t.co/4r2i57f6, Is the Polarized U.S. Media Losing Sight of Basic Journalistic Principles? http://t.co/xN1f96uP @CCTV_TheHeat, D.C. anchor Mike Walter mediates a discussion between Brent Bozell, President of the Media Research Center, and Mark Levine, host of the Inside Scoop, on the polarized U.S. media asking if they feel it is beginning to lose sight of the some of journalism's core principles.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8d_93cQ-3M, D.C. anchor Mike Walter and Dr. Natalie Stroud, Professor at the University of Texas, discuss how the polarized U.S. media is affecting political discourse and ask if this method of journalism is beginning to challenge democracy.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuJW1iz8weg, D.C. anchor Mike Walter explores the philosophy behind photojournalism and takes an in-depth look at one of the Washington based Newseum's latest exhibits displaying the unbiased work of photojournalists who are covering what many consider to be the most polarized presidential election in U.S. history.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUhxdL6Vkvs&feature=plcp, Tonight on @CCTVAmericasNOW, the election that could prove to be @chavezcandanga's toughest challenge yet | 21:30 EST @CCTV_America, @CCTV_America's shows have new #Twitter accounts! Please follow @BizAsiaAmerica @CCTVAmericasNOW and @CCTV_TheHeat, With almost every possible weather disaster hitting large parts of France, champagne makers say that harvest this year is one of the smallest in decades. CCTV's Kate Parkinson reports from France., CCTV's Karina Huber interviews Rick Niu, Senior Managing Director of Starr Strategic Partners, about China's foreign direct investments in the U.S. and developing nations., CCTV's Karina Huber interviews Rick Niu, Senior Managing Director of Starr Strategic Partners, about China's foreign direct investments in the U.S. and developing nations., CCTV's Nitza Soledad Perez reports on China's investments in Ecuador., CCTV's Stephen Gibbs reports on Henrique Capriles, the 40-year-old state governor who challenged incumbent President Hugo Chavez, as he gets ready for Sunday's presidential vote., CCTV's Michelle Begue takes a look at Venezuela's incumbent President Hugo Chavez as he fights to win an additional six-year term in Sunday's presidential election., D.C. anchor Mike Walter and Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker discuss the political presence, including negative television advertisements, seen in the battleground state of Wisconsin.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0PjR0U6sOU&list=PL0wa3bZuAGvf6x8vCYN5w8-ZgVeQiWVoZ&index=0&feature=plcp, Due to stock market volatility concerns, many young investors are looking for more stable investments like really estates and bonds. CCTV's Liling Tan reports from New York., France's government unveiled a new 'fighting' budget to tackle high unemployment and slow growth. As CCTV's Kate Parkinson reports, the new budget is heavy on taxes., CCTV's Stephen Gibbs reports on the upcoming municipal election in Rio de Janeiro., New data from the U.S. Labor department shows that more jobs have been created than lost since President Obama took office. CCTV’s Phillip Yin speaks to Sandy Lincoln, Managing Director and Chief Market Strategist at BMO Asset Management, about what it means for the market., CCTV's Karina Huber interviews Jeff Demaso, Director of Research at Adviser Investments, on the options for young people who are looking to invest in real estate., This week on Americas Now: Is Brazil ready for hosting the World Cup and the Olympics in the next four years? Join the discussion on Sunday | 21:30 EST, CCTV's Phillip Yin interviews Blair Bowie, Democracy Advocate for the U.S. Public Research Interest Group, about how money is being used in the presidential race campaigns., CCTV's Karina Huber interviews Brad Hunter, Metrostudy's Chief Economist and National Director of Consulting, to find out if the U.S. housing market is on a recovery road., CCTV's Phillip Yin interviews Andrew Sharpless, CEO of ocean protection organization called Oceana, about China's ocean utilization and protection., After weeks of deliberation, Greece's coalition leaders have agreed on the main points of its new austerity package. CCTV's Filio Kontrafouri reports., CCTV's Karina Huber speaks to Bank of New York Mellon's Managing Director and Senior Currency Strategist Michael Woolfolk about the implications of the revised U.S. GDP figures., The job openings for skilled factory workers in the U.S. has increased by 38% since 2005. As CCTV's Ginger Vaughn reports, manufacturing is one industry that is seeing the lack of skilled workers., CCTV's Craig Mauro reports on how unemployed people in the U.S. are volunteering to keep their skills up-to-date., This week on “Americas Now” we take a look at
the arrests of two drug cartel leaders in Mexico. Could they have consequences on that nation’s deadly drug war? We’ll re-examine the country’s effort to end the bloody battle. Join us this Sunday 21:30 EST., Last year President Hu Jintao announced China’s continued collaboration with the United States to help the endangered panda reproduce. And this year the deal delivers. From Washington D.C., we’ll take a look at the National Zoo’s “new addition”, this week on “Americas Now”. Join us this Sunday 21:30 EST., CCTV's Liling Tan reports on whether or not the UN General Assembly will mean more business for New York City and if it'll be in the best interest of United Nations and its member states., For Syrian refugees, challenges don't end when they leave their troubled homeland. CCTV's Tony Cheng reports from a refugee camp near the Turkish Syrian border., CCTV's Franc Contreras investigates the reasons behind the high unemployment of Mexicans with ages between 15 and 29., Tokyo game show has fewer exhibitors participating this year than last, with Microsoft and many Chinese companies absent. CCTV's Mike Firn reports on how politics is getting in the way of business., CCTV's Michelle Makori interviews Brian White, an analyst at Topeka Capital Markets, who makes his case for an estimated 6 million iPhone 5 purchases through the weekend., Apple's iPhone 5 finally goes on sale and as CCTV's Mark Niu reports, fans have jammed shops around the world., Part 2/2 - CCTV's Phillip Yin interviews, Maria Cowles, Associate Dean at American University's School of International Service, and Yukon Huang, Senior Associate at Carnegie Asia Program, about the impact of the US elections on the rest of the world., CCTV's Phillip Yin interviews, Maria Cowles, Associate Dean at American University's School of International Service, and Yukon Huang, Senior Associate at Carnegie Asia Program, about the impact of the US elections on the rest of the world., Correspondent Filio Kontrafouri reports on how the people of Greece, whom the Eurocrisis has left without access to public healthcare, in a show of solidarity have created volunteer medical centers to take care of those in need of treatment., Correspondent Franc Contreras takes an in-depth look at an investigation being held by Mexican police over a blast in a natural gas pipeline that killed more than twenty people., Correspondent Michelle Begue is in Colombia where the country's government has arrested one of its most wanted drug trafficker dealing a historic blow to organized crime in the region., Correspondent Jack Barton takes an in-depth look at the proposed merger between EAS and BAE Systems that could create the world's largest aerospace and defense company by sales to date., Correspondent Yakenda McGahee explores the growing number of problems people in Los Angeles face associated with owning empty foreclosed properties., CCTV's Kate Parkinson visits a Syrian refugee family in Lebanon and finds out that they have another important concern besides food and shelter., In search for Latin American allies and effective strategies, Mexican President-elect Enrique Pena Nieto heads to Colombia. CCTV's Michelle Begue reports., CCTV's Mark Niu reports on Motorola's latest smartphone called "RAZR i" and Electric Vehicle week in San Francisco., Chevron Corporation signed an accord with Argentina's energy company YPF on Friday to explore shale oil and natural gas in the Vaca Muerta basin in Argentina. But as CCTV's Daniel Schweimler reports, Spanish oil company Repsol is strongly opposing the deal., Many Japanese companies have temporarily closed retail outlets and factories across China amid widespread anti-Japan demonstrations. As CCTV's Mike Firn reports, all this is fueled by Japan's "purchase" of Diaoyu Islands., Brazilian prisoners are offered a chance to get out of prison few days earlier for each classic novel that they read. CCTV's Stephen Gibbs takes us behind bars for a closer look., Israeli Prime Minister claims that Iran is months away from building a bomb. CCTV's Mike Walter interviews Joel Rubin, Director of Policy and Government Affairs for the Ploughshares Fund, about his take on the assessment., The Diaoyu islands have long been a point of contention and the focus of a major diplomatic row between Japan and China. As CCTV's Emily Drew reports, the impact of the dispute is now being felt directly in the US., Part 2/2 - CCTV's Michelle Begue takes us to Medellin, Colombia, to show how a giant outdoor escalator in one of the nation's poorest neighborhoods is lifting the fortunes of the unfortunate., Part 1/2 - CCTV's Michelle Begue takes us to Medellin, Colombia, to show how a giant outdoor escalator in one of the nation's poorest neighborhoods is lifting the fortunes of the unfortunate., Part 2/2 - CCTV correspondent Ross Velton reports on how murderers targeting women in Mexico are forcing many to rethink their role and step forward in the fight against femicide., CCTV correspondent Ross Velton reports on how murderers targeting women in Mexico are forcing many to rethink their role and step forward in the fight against femicide., Laura Carlsen, Director of the Americas Policy Program in Mexico City, comments on gender-based violence across Latin America., Everyday women are abducted, tortured and killed across the Americas. CCTV's Elaine Reyes interviews Amanda Klasing, women's rights researcher with the Human Rights Watch, for a closer look at the impact of femicide across the Americas., Brazil's rapidly growing "C-class," including people who have been recently lifted from poverty, is fueling the country's beauty industry. CCTV's Stephen Gibbs reports., Cuba's private businesses have been expanding over the past year due to economic reforms. As Michael Voss reports, changes are limited to small businesses in the service and retail sectors., China's alcoholic drinks association recently asked the government to investigate allegations that European wine makers are dumping cheap subsidized wine in China, undermining the fast rising local industry. Despite that dispute, some of Europe's biggest wineries are now aiming for the top end of China's growing wine market. CCTV's Jack Barton reports., The European Commission's anti-dumping probe has changed things drastically for China's solar panel industry. CCTV's Wang Lihuan reports from Shanghai., CCTV's Phillip Yin interviews Ken Monahan, an economic analyst with the trade group at Bloomberg Government, about the significance of the trade complaints filed by the United States and China., The Obama administration has filed a complaint with the World Trade Organization accusing China of unfairly subsidizing its exports of auto parts during the years 2009 through 2011. CCTV's Rachelle Akuffo reports., Starbucks is one of the most recognizable western coffee brands with more than 600 stores in China. John Culver, the CEO of Starbucks Coffee China and Asia Pacific talks about his insights on the company's expansion in Asia., EU finance ministers discussed the bailout for Greece and Spain on Friday. Ministers also expressed different opinions on the limitations of the banking union plan. CCTV correspondent Jack Barton brings us the latest consensus., The worst summer drought in decades is expected to continue. With low crop yield, companies that provide better fertilizers and seeds may help avoid a food crisis and gain profits., Noisy but peaceful protest took place in Argentina on Thursday night. Protesters showed their displeasure with the current president Cristina Fernandez. CCTV correspondent Brian Byrnes reports from Buenos Aires about the largest anti-government protest since 2007., In Mexico, one-third jobs are created in its informal sector, with 14 million people working on unofficial jobs. They do not pay taxes, and they do not have social security nets., The U.S. CPI rose 0.6 percent in August. The retail sales rose almost 1 percent, reflecting a happy mood among retailers as they head into the most important shopping season of the year. CCTV's Craig Mauro reports., CCTV's Ginger Vaughn reports on China's plans to build a Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) plant in the US., UK network operator Everything Everywhere, parent company of T-Mobile UK and Orange UK, has renamed itself to "EE". It will also offer the UK's only 4G LTE network across the country. CCTV's Richard Bestic reports., Japan Airlines has emerged from its 2010 bankruptcy and returns to the Tokyo stock exchange next Wednesday with $8.5 billion initial public offering. CCTV's Mike Firn reports., Just two months ago, the city of Stockton in California became the largest US city to go bankrupt. But as CCTV's Mark Niu reports, the city's port is giving Stockton a boost, and increasing its global exposure., CCTV's Mike Walter interviews Zuhdi Jasser, Founder and President of the American Islamic Forum for Democracy (AIFD), and author of "A Battle for the Soul of Islam", on the new surge of protests in the Middle East and what it means for the US., CCTV's Phillip Yin interviews Peter Schiff, CEO of Euro Pacific Capital, and Ryan Clayton, founder of 100proofpolitics.com, about the effect of unemployment on corporate profit and the challenges faced by small business owners while getting access to capital., CCTV's Phillip Yin interviews Peter Schiff, CEO of Euro Pacific Capital, and Ryan Clayton, founder of 100proofpolitics.com, about the effect of unemployment on corporate profit and the challenges faced by small business owners while getting access to capital., Brazilian retail sales rose 1.4% in July from June due to high domestic demand. The Brazilian government hopes millions of Brazilians will keep the economy growing by continuing to spend. But as CCTV's Stephen Gibbs reports, some warn that the economy is becoming overly dependent on consumers., CCTV's Michelle Makori interviews John Allison, Founder, Chairman and CEO of UNIO Holdings, on how the Federal Reserve's plans for a third round of bond purchases will impact the US economy., More than 3,000 entrepreneurs are attending the TechCrunch Disrupt Conference in San Francisco to sell their ideas and products. CCTV correspondent Mark Niu reports from San Francisco., As CCTV correspondent Hannah Belcher reports from Sydney, for many first time home buyers in Australia the great Australian dream of owning their own home is just a dream., A New York based group has accused Samsung Electronics of using child labor at its Chinese factories. The company says it has a '"zero tolerance policy" towards Child Labor and says "it vows to investigate the claims"., CCTV correspondent Craig Mauro reports from Chicago about the teachers' strike that kept about 350,000 students from class on the first day., CCTV's Mike Walter interviews Myron Brilliant, Senior Vice President for International Affairs at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, about the APEC summit in Vladivostok, Russia., CCTV's Michelle Makori interviews Rich Lavin, Caterpillar Group President, about what his company hopes to accomplish from the APEC summit in Russia., CCTV's Michelle Makori interviews OECD's Chief Economist Pier Carlo Padoan about European Central Bank's latest decision to buy bonds from troubled countries., Correspondent Nitza Soledad Perez reports from the Ecuadorian Amazon on a recent decision made by the Ecuadorian government to prioritize nature preservation in their national budget., The government of Ecuador and many residents are fighting to protect the eco-system of Yasuni National Park in the Ecuadorian Amazon from oil exploitation. CCTV's Nitza Soledad Perez reports., With the growing violence in Syria, Palestinian refugees in the country have been looking for a safe haven. CCTV's Kate Parkinson reports, in recent months they have been flooding neighboring Lebanon., CCTV's Jessica Stone reports from Charlotte, North Carolina, on how China can benefit from the Democratic National Convention., CCTV's Michelle Makori interviews Jim Rogers, a renowned investor, author and Chairman of Roger Holdings speaking at the APEC Summit in Vladivostok, Russia., CCTV correspondent Dan Collyns reports on Peru's journey to maintain the delicate balance between profit and sustainability by voting for reforms aimed at increasing environmental regulation for the mining industry., CCTV correspondent Jessica Stone has the latest on how Asian voters will impact the 2012 U.S. presidential election., CCTV Correspondent Stephen Gibbs explores the latest move by the Chinese business Lenovo to expand into emerging markets by purchasing Brazil's largest electronics firm CCE., If you're looking for work, you may be in luck in Houston. The job growth in Houston is 3.2% compared to the US national average of 1.4% over the past year. CCTV's Ginger Vaughn reports., CCTV's Michelle Makori interviews Peter Grant, USAGold Chief Market Analyst, and Jordan Roy-Byrne, Publisher of The Daily Gold Premium, on pegging currency to Gold., CCTV's Michelle Makori interviews Peter Grant, USAGold Chief Market Analyst, and Jordan Roy-Byrne, Publisher of The Daily Gold Premium, on pegging currency to gold., US automakers have reported strong gains for the month of August. CCTV's Ginger Vaughn reports what's behind the upbeat sales., The book "No Easy Day: The Firsthand Account of the Mission That Killed Osama Bin Laden" was released on Tuesday. As CCTV's Sean Callebs reports, Pentagon considers it to be a huge violation of non-disclosure agreement., Thailand has surprised many with the speed of its economic recovery after floods. But as CCTV's Martin Lowe reports, it will still be some years before all the repercussions of the flooding fully subside., Moody's Investors Service has lowered the European Union's triple-A credit rating from  'stable' to 'negative' outlook. But despite this, German Chancellor Angela Merkel has softened her stance. CCTV's Jack Barton reports., CCTV's Michelle Makori interviews Mark Levine, Pacifica Radio host of "The Raucous Caucus", and Ed Butowsky, Managing Partner at Chapwood Capital Investment Management, on President Obama's role in the 75% rise in S&P 500 index since the day he took office., CCTV's Michelle Makori interviews Mark Levine, Pacifica Radio host of "The Raucous Caucus", and Ed Butowsky, Managing Partner at Chapwood Capital Investment Management, on President Obama's role in the 75% rise in S&P 500 index since the day he took office., CCTV's Roza Kazan reports on the role of the stock market in the race for the White House., Canada is struggling with labor shortages in some provinces. Alberta is one of those provinces that are increasingly relying on temporary foreign workers. But as CCTV's Karina Huber reports, labor unions are not pleased., Peru's government is trying to strengthen oversight of mining projects as it prepares for about $50 billion of investment in the sector over the next decade. This comes after a recent wave of deadly anti-mining protests. CCTV's Dan Collyns reports from Lima., Luxury brands are abandoning Argentina after the government imposed import restrictions and currency control. CCTV's Brian Byrnes reports., Xinjiang is hosting the China-Eurasia Expo that highlights the trade between the region and China's close spy. CCTV's Li Qiuyuan reports., CCTV's Karina Huber interviews Richard Branson, Chairman of Virgin Group, on how a business can be run in the best interests of society., Asia's airline industry, particularly the budget sector continues to grow. AirAsia, as well as other budget and even traditional carriers in the region have been expanding their operations aggressively over the last few years. CCTV's Barnaby Lo reports., Argentina's real estate sales and mortgage loans are down. As CCTV's Brian Byrnes reports, much of this is connected to the government's move to try to get Argentines to conduct real estate sales in their own currency rather than the more stable US dollar., India seems to be feeling the pinch of the global economic downturn. Less than a year back, the Indian government was confident of an average growth of 8%. But now, as CCTV's Shweta Bajaj reports, the estimated figure for growth for fiscal year 2011-12 is below 6%., Correspondent Liling Tan reports on the inability for small businesses to acquire capital in order to fund their ventures and investigates if this is the primary issue holding back GDP growth in the United States., Correspondent Yakenda McGahee takes an in-depth look at a recent study that shows college students are worse off today than they were a decade ago and that loans are forcing these individuals to delay purchasing big ticket items such as homes or cars until much later in their lives., Correspondent Andy Saputra explores the race against time to close the development gap by ASEAN nations but finds that with only three years left to achieve its goals some of the poorest areas are still being left behind., Correspondent Daniel Schweimler reports from Buenos Aires, where the Tenth Tango World Festival is just wrapping up, with insight on the last two weeks of celebration of Argentina's indisputably native dance., Correspondent Mark Niu reports from Silicon Valley unveiling the latest tech launches of the fall season including new products from Samsung, Apple, and Nokia., D.C. anchor Phillip Yin and Alan Gayle, Senior Investment Strategist at Ridgeworth Investments, discuss possible monetary moves that may be discussed during the Federal Reserve's nearing meeting at Jackson Hole and how the implementation of these policies will affect Americans., D.C. anchor Phillip Yin and Jessica Dolcourt, Senior Editor for the Tech website CNET, discuss how law suits have affected Samsung's business model and possibly their upcoming fall launch season., In this installment of 'Politics and Money' D.C. anchor Phillip Yin and Leader of the Green Party Jill Stein discuss the alternative platform presented by the third party and how it will benefit middle class Americans., The ASEAN Textile and Garment fair is a showcase of ASEAN's creative industry and aims to promote textile business. CCTV's Andy Saputra reports from Siem Reap., Elaine Chao was the US Secretary of labor during George W. Bush administration and she was the first Chinese American to hold that post in the US history. She talks to CCTV's Jessica Stone about her role in reaching out to Asian American voters for the Romney-Ryan campaign., Ecuador's economy is expected to grow at a fast pace, but many of its workers lack job stability. CCTV's Nitza Soledad Perez investigates the reasons behind it., Venezuela's government is carrying out an inspection to explore what caused the blast at the Amuay oil refinery last week, before restarting production. CCTV's Stephen Gibbs reports., CCTV's Craig Mauro reports on how workers over the age of 55 are feeling the brunt of the country's lack of jobs., Venezuela's Government is carrying out an inspection to explore what caused the blast at the Amuay oil refinery last week, before restarting production. CCTV's Stephen Gibbs reports., Elaine Chao was the US Secretary of labor during George W. Bush administration and she was the first Chinese American to hold that post in US history. She talks to CCTV's Jessica Stone about her role in reaching out to Asian American voters for the Romney-Ryan campaign., Correspondent Liling Tan reports on the inability for small businesses to acquire capital in order to fund their ventures and investigates if this is the primary issue holding back GDP growth in the United States., Correspondent Yakenda McGahee takes an in-depth look at a recent study that shows college students are worse off today than they were a decade ago and that loans are forcing these individuals to delay purchasing big ticket items such as homes or cars until much later in their lives., Correspondent Andy Saputra explores the race against time to close the development gap by ASEAN nations but finds that with only three years left to achieve its goals some of the poorest areas are still being left behind., Correspondent Daniel Schweimler reports from Buenos Aires, where the Tenth Tango World Festival is just wrapping up, with insight on the last two weeks of celebration of Argentina's indisputably native dance., Correspondent Mark Niu reports from Silicon Valley unveiling the latest tech launches of the fall season including new products from Samsung, Apple, and Nokia., D.C. anchor Phillip Yin and Alan Gayle, Senior Investment Strategist at Ridgeworth Investments, discuss possible monetary moves that may be discussed during the Federal Reserve's nearing meeting at Jackson Hole and how the implementation of these policies will affect Americans., DC anchor Phillip Yin and Jessica Dolcourt, Senior Editor for the Tech website CNET, discuss how law suits have affected Samsung's business model and possibly their upcoming fall launch season., In this installment of 'Politics and Money' D.C. anchor Phillip Yin and Leader of the Green Party Jill Stein discuss the alternative platform presented by the third party and how it will benefit middle class Americans., CCTV's Craig Mauro reports on how workers over the age of 55 are feeling the brunt of the country's lack of jobs., Chinese tourists seem to be showing less interest in buying luxury goods in the US. CCTV's Karina Huber reports., US Visa program is now starting to attract attention from investors abroad. The EB-5 Visa program allows overseas investors to get permanent US residence in exchange for investments that create at least 10 jobs in the country. CCTV's Craig Mauro reports., In the past few years, Thailand's postcard perfect image has been tarnished by scenes of political instability and devastating floods. But despite that, the country has been able to lure European tourists and hopes to further increase the numbers by 4% this year. CCTV's Dusita Chumsri reports from Pattaya, Thailand., DC Mayor Vincent Gray is gearing up for the Democratic National Convention, where he plans to make the case for DC statehood. Activists in DC are pushing for DC statehood, too. CCTV's Emily Drew reports., Apple is seeking bans on the sale of eight Samsung devices from US stores after its big win last Friday. CCTV's Liling Tan reports on what this means for smartphone rivals and consumers., The US Federal Reserve is holding its annual economic symposium this weekend in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. With unemployment still high, and economic growth sluggish, all eyes remain on the Fed. CCTV's Craig Mauro reports on what we can expect from this meeting., Japan's opposition lawmakers are expected to pass a censure motion Wednesday against Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda. Noda was talking tough on Friday saying South Korea was illegally occupying a group of disputed islands. Analysts say Noda did not mention island disputes with China because he wants to improve relations with Japan's biggest trading partner. But as CCTV's Mike Fern reports, opposition parties are less conciliatory., Oil companies with offshore platforms in the Gulf of Mexico are moving quickly in preparation for tropical storm Isaac. About 60% of offshore operations are suspended now as the storm continues to grow in strength. CCTV's Ginger Vaughn reports., CCTV's Michelle Makori interviews Sandy Lincoln, Chief Market Strategist for BMO Asset Management, on what to expect from the Jackson Hole Economic Symposium in Wyoming., WORLD CLASS TALENTS WANTED!  CCTV-America is expanding its operations in Washington DC. Come join a growing company.
Multiple Broadcast Positions
 
General News & Talk Show programming:
All producers including Line Producers, Guest Producers and Planning Producers.  News editors, Business Producers, Operations Producers, Assignment Editors, Producer/Writers, and Associate Producers.
 
Broadcast Operations:
Directors, Floor Directors, Media Managers, Video Editors, Audio Technician, Graphics Playout, Technical Directors, Assistant Director and Studio Team Members.
 
Engineering:
Studio Engineer, Engineering Technician, and Broadcast IT Engineer.
 
Please send your cv and relevant works to Resumes@cctv-america.com, Peru is on the track to be the fastest growing country in Latin America by the end of the year, but criminal gangs are also putting some workers at risk., Consumers around world spent $8.6 billion downloading and streaming music this year, up 18 percent from one year ago. The main force behind the market is rapid growth of online music streaming revenue., The number of West Nile Virus cases in the U.S. nearly doubled in just a week across a broad stretch of America. The death toll has reached 41 in total. Most cases are in the southern part of the country, but nearly half are in Texas alone., Foreigners flock to Brazil to make a living and possibly a fortune. The sixth largest but still emerging economy is short of skilled labor in the domestic market., Alcoa is a world leader in the operation and management of aluminum. Alcoa conducts operations in 31 countries. CCTV Biz Asia America anchor Michelle Makori interviews Alcoa's chairman and CEO Klaus Kleinfeld on his outlook for economic growth., With the fighting going on in Syria, its neighboring countries started bearing the consequences. A recent deadly explosion in Turkey could have been encouraged by the Syria massacre, killing nine., The future is not looking good for young Americans. The unemployment rate for 16 to 24 year olds is over 16 percent, more than doubled the national rate. Minority youth face a even sober situation., Orders for U.S.-made durable goods increased in July by the biggest amount since last December. As Karina Huber reports, however, it showed weakness rather than strength in the U.S. manufacturing sector., Correspondent Craig Mauro continues comprehensive coverage of the drought in the American Midwest by detailing the echoed concern over how the lack of rain is physically and economically affecting the largest river in the United States., Correspondent Adel al Mahrouky explores how Egypt's high unemployment rate has forced young workers around the country to decide not to wait for the government's slow moving solution and take matters into their own hands by creating their own jobs., Correspondent Jessica Stone takes an in-depth look at the highly contested Asian-American vote and explains its critical importance in the upcoming presidential election cycle., Correspondent Yakenda McGahee shows that even the wealthy are not immune to property foreclosure and that this issue is becoming a very expensive problem for the state of California., (Part 2/2) CCTV’s Phillip Yin interviews Dan Alpert, Founding Managing Partner of Westwood Capital, and Bonnie Casper, President of Greater Capital Area Association of Realtors, to explore if the US housing market is finally rebounding now., (Part 1/2) CCTV’s Phillip Yin interviews Dan Alpert, Founding Managing Partner of Westwood Capital, and Bonnie Casper, President of Greater Capital Area Association of Realtors, to explore if the US housing market is finally rebounding now., (Part 2/2) CCTV's Phillip Yin interviews Henley Smith, CIO at Commonwealth Asset Management, and Saruhan Hatipoglu, CEO of Beri Consulting, on the intricacies of the Eurozone's bail-out terms for Greece., (Part 1/2) CCTV's Phillip Yin interviews Henley Smith, CIO at Commonwealth Asset Management, and Saruhan Hatipoglu, CEO of Beri Consulting, on the intricacies of the Eurozone's bail-out terms for Greece., CCTV's Phillip Yin interviews Ryan Clayton, founder of 100proofpolitics.com, and Lenwood Brooks, Policy Director of Public Notice, on how the Wall Street is switching sides during this election year., CCTV's Phillip Yin interviews Ryan Clayton, founder of 100proofpolitics.com, and Lenwood Brooks, Policy Director of Public Notice, on how the Wall Street is switching sides during this election year., Correspondent Ross Velton reports on Mexico's latest crime figures which display a general slowdown in the number of murders countrywide and a drastic decrease of homicides in some of the country's most dangerous cities., Nitza Soledad Perez explores the unfortunate fact that over half of the children in the U.S. common wealth of Puerto Rico are living in poverty., Correspondent Karina Huber takes an in-depth look at unemployment in the U.S. and what some Americans are doing to obtain jobs., CCTV correspondent Karina Huber reports from New York that male cosmetic surgery is on the rise in the U.S. and Chinese consumers too are seeking advantages of cosmetic surgery., Correspondent Daniel Schweimler displays the success of South American farmers after a period of heavier than normal rainfall despite massive droughts facing many other parts of the world., D.C. anchor Phillip Yin leads a fiery discussion on the political intentions of the financial sector, the single largest contributing sector to political campaigns, with founder of 100proofpolitics.com Ryan Clayton and the Policy Director of Public Notice Lenwood Brooks., Correspondent Karina Huber takes an in-depth look at how the financial sector, the single largest contributing sector to political campaigns, has shifted its support and is clearly favoring presidential candidate Mitt Romney during the upcoming elections., Laura Carlsen, director of the Americas Policy Program in Mexico City, comments on the major power shifts in Latin America over the past three years and growing influence of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States (CELAC)., Laura Carlsen, director of the Americas Policy Program in Mexico City, comments on how Mexico's obese population has rapidly increased over the years., D.C. anchor Phillip Yin interviews Hong Kong Trade Commissioner Donald Tong about the future of trade relations between Hong Kong, China, and the United States., CCTV correspondent Cathy Yang explains why and how Hollywood finds local business partners China's booming film industry., Scientists in Brazil have started releasing genetically modified mosquitoes into the wild. It is part of an innovative tactic to combat dengue fever, which infects an estimated 100 million people a year. CCTV's Stephen Gibbs reports from North Eastern Brazil., CCTV America's Michelle Makori interviews Wall Street veteran and author of 'Sense on Cents', Larry Doyle on Standard Chartered's $340 million settlement for claims that it hid transactions with Iran., Washington DC Bureau, Nearly 3 million tourists visited Cuba last year generating about $2.5 billion in revenue. But as CCTV's Michael Voss reports, Cuba can thank American travellers for the tourism boom., "Caravan for Peace with Justice and Dignity", an organization of US and Mexican activists, is drawing attention to a dialogue on drug war violence. CCTV's Yakenda McGahee reports., Florida is the largest producer of indoor marijuana in the US. As CCTV's Nitza Soledad Perez reports, the cost of this trend is high, not only for marijuana consumers but also for the society., The American dream of owning a home in this economic environment is forcing consumers and companies to change the way they look at housing. Building with sustainable materials has been a growing trend but some are now pushing that one step further building smaller, greener and more affordable homes with recycled materials. CCTV's Ginger Vaughn in Huntsville, Texas, reports., August 29th will mark the seventh anniversary of Hurricane Katrina slamming into the Gulf Coast of the United States. It's the costliest natural disaster ever in the US and it shows glaring weaknesses in the federal and state responses to it. But there were heroes among them -- the US Coast Guard. CCTV's Sean Callebs reports from New Orleans., Tax evasion is a big problem in many countries but Puerto Rico has a novel idea of addressing that issue. CCTV's Nitza Soledad Perez reports., Tokyo and Paris, two large cities, have small apartments to accommodate the millions of people who live there. But in New York city, which is also highly populated, current rules ban construction of "micro apartments". CCTV's Karina Huber reports the city is now reconsidering its construction policy., CCTV's Phillip Yin interviews Marriott Chairman and CEO, Arne Sorenson, on the company's ambitious plans for Asia., The growing economy in China has led to a boom of trendy department stores in the country. But as CCTV's Nie Jia reports despite the obsession with the new, some shoppers are longing for the old., A town in Mexico has been trying to use medical tourism as a way of making money by providing more affordable medical treatments. CCTV's Ross Velton reports., The world's youth has been one of the hardest hit by the global economic slowdown, especially in the Eurozone. In the first part of the series on Youth Unemployment, Roee Ruttenberg reports how young Spaniards are trying to improve their job prospects.)