List(And just like that.... It's raining. At least we have the memories., Tune into Dining Playbook on NESN at 9am to check out some of our new menu offerings debuting next week!, null, Thank you to all those who came out to help raise money for the Local 718 Children's fund with the Boston Fire Department! Stay tuned for pictures of the event!, You must try our Easter specials! Marinated spring lamb with a mint Demi-glacé, served with scalloped potatoes au gratin and grilled asparagus!, Happy Easter!, Check out the fundraiser being held at Hurricane O'Reilly's to benefit the Officer Garrett Swasey Memorial Fund, Dreaming of beer and sunshine..., null, 😋😋😋, Check out this great piece done by The Boston Globe on our sister restaurant The Black Rose!, You can never go wrong..., Keep your eyes open for our segment on Dining Playbook on NESN!, Already missing last weekends sunny days!, We've already raised over $250 for E33/L15 to support the 718 Children's Fund and we have over two weeks to go! And Sid, as of 6pm, our server Meghan has sold exactly 51 tickets... Time to polish those clippers!, Join us as the Boston Fire Department E33/L15 Marathon team raises money for the Local 718 Children's Fund!

Details here ----> http://goo.gl/K9WGws, Hmm today feels like a Jäger day! Wouldn't you agree @jagerlovesbos?, Dillons is the ideal location for your date night!, Camp Wannamango is @harpoonbrewery Newest addition to a killer patio season. Come by and enjoy. 75 degrees, patios open, great beer. Enough said., The patio is open today! Stop by for some lunch time cocktails!, More creations from plant night!, Nothin better than brunch., When it's finally Friday again..., Praying for patio weather again!, Can't wait until we can open up the patio everyday!, Lunch time!, #meatpies  #meaty #vapelife, Check out the Rare Day event happening at our sister restaurant Brownstone tonight!, Join us for a Rare Day event at our sister restaurant Brownstone!, Weekends are for brunch 😍, Friday night vibes courtesy of @petey1025 🍻, A picture from last nights plant night!, Another picture from Sunday, but winter is almost over 😎, We've got some great tunes crankin'!, Did we win your vote for favorite chili at #bostonchilicup?!?, Today's got us missing sunny summer patio days..., Healthy lunch break today!, A delicious indulgence and our newest special! Pan-seared salmon with asparagus and scalloped sweet potato au-gratin. You MUST try!, It's never too early for cocktails., Come on in before or after BigAir tonight!, Come in and warm up with our #BigAirFenway Cocoa and a BBQ Chicken Ranch Flatbread!, One of our unique specials from the 
Super Hunger Brunch! Corn cakes with avocado, poached eggs & salsa verde!, Get your tickets to Clerys Super Bowl party here: http://ow.ly/Y1ZrZ, These's noting like a Samuel Adams Cold Snap on this snowy day!, Day dreaming of Sox season., Head over to our sister bar, Clerys Boston, for their 5th Annual Super Bowl party and wing eating contest featured in the Metro Boston!


Tickets here -----> https://goo.gl/Q5bo1l, null, 🍺= Salad 👍🏼#yourewelcome #chalkboardart, No better way to kick off February., Happy February! Our windows are open and so is our patio! Come take advantage of this unbelievable weather!, Excited to host CareOne at Brookline's pub crawl for the Breast Cancer Research Foundation! Drink up! #beersforboobs, #SuperHungerBrunch is THIS WEEKEND!  Every $1 you spend buys THREE meals for those in need! So come in and eat, drink & help end hunger!, It's Wednesday, why not? 🙃#whiskeywednesday #bostonbar #shots, This just in... They're saying less than an inch, but whatever we get, the heat will be blasting, the drinks will be cold, and the Patriots game will be on every TV! Call us at 617-421-1818 to reserve your seat for Sunday now!, Sweet pancetta flatbread accompanied by a few cold beverages 🍕😍🍻 #bostonbites #bostonfoodies, 'Nuff said. Time for some celebratory libations!, Let's go Patriots! Come check out our weekly food and drink specials and help us cheer on our boys!, We've got everything you need to watch the Bruins tonight! #BostonBruins, Brunch with us for a great cause: The Greater Boston Food Bank.  Every $1 spent provides 3 meals for those in need.  Visit GBFB.org/shb to check it out!  We'll be previewing our Hunger Brunch menu this weekend!, Chicken Parm Bites 😍😍😍, Join us tonight for free beer! Samuel Adams will be here at 8 to let you sample all of the goodies we have to offer!, You can have a cocktail if you eat a salad, right?, Think warm thoughts with the Californian Sandwich! ❄️⛄️☀️, Looking to catch #UFC195 tonight? Get to Sports Grille Boston tonight before 9:30 for FREE cover!, Last chance to get your tickets for tonight! #NYE2016 http://ow.ly/Wtw6g, Join us for New Year's Day brunch! 
Make your reservations now ---> http://www.opentable.com/dillons, Our NYE party tickets are selling out fast! Get yours today! #NYE2016 #NYEBoston http://ow.ly/WqbYW, Get your New Years Eve tickets now! http://ow.ly/Wo95j, We're closed today! Head over to our sister restaurant, The Black Rose, for after-dinner drinks & live Irish music!, null, Take a break from shopping and enjoy lunch on our patio during this beautiful day!, For all you last minute shoppers, we are open until 5 today. Come rest your feet and spend the afternoon with Jen and Liz!, We hope everyone has a great holiday! Dillon's is open tomorrow till 5pm!, All e-gift cards are 20% off now through Christmas! Valid at all 10 locations! http://ow.ly/WgNIN, Last minute sale - get 20% off e-gift cards now thru Christmas! Valid at all TEN locations! https://goo.gl/2qCP27, Stop by and watch the Bruins game with us tonight!, Good thing we have plenty of both! (And if you ask nicely, Jamee might even give you a balloon!) Come in and try the Harpoon Take 5, Harpoon's newest session IPA!, null, Our calendar is filling up! Book your holiday event now before its too late!, Shooter McGavin... Dillons... Monday Night, Come watch some Sunday Night Football with us!, Is it December or July? Patio is rocking., We've got the only patio on Boylston still open this time of year! Open 'till midnight, and the bar is open 'till two!, Lunch on a Heated Patio in December ... YES PLEASE !!!, http://ow.ly/VJjK2, It's December an the patio is still being enjoyed at Dillons don't miss out  on the nice weather, http://ow.ly/VJjFr, Get your shopping done today! http://ow.ly/VIDt7, Get your tickets now!
DillonsNYE2016.Eventbrite.com, Thank you, Loraine, for all of your hard work these past 25 years with the Glynn Hospitality Group. We are forever grateful for your tireless work ethic and positive outlook!, Ugly Christmas Sweaters and Santas everywhere! Come join the fun on this beautiful day and take advantage of this weather on our patio!, Just because it's December doesn't mean our patio is closed!, Holiday shopping made easy! http://ow.ly/VrPWg, null, We've got the perfect solution for this cold and rainy day. Come try our new Chicken Parm Bites!, Get your holiday shopping done early! Our gift cards can be used at all 10 locations! http://ow.ly/ViFvW, Check out the holiday shopping event tonight at Clerys!, #CyberMonday is here! Get this deal before it's gone! http://ow.ly/VhJpT, We have both! Brunch starts at 9am, so come get some!, Happy Black Friday! Get a $10 bonus card for every $50 in gift cards purchased!, We hope everyone has a great holiday!, Lets face it, Nobody really likes holiday shopping... We have a quick and easy solution to that problem, get your shopping done today! Gift cards available here http://ow.ly/ULHvd, Who needs Black Friday? We're starting our sale NOW! http://ow.ly/UYBN5, null, The holidays are just around the corner! Get your shopping out of the way today! Gift cards for all 10 of our locations are available here: http://ow.ly/ULGoN, FlickBall at Dillons, Come down now to Dillons and play FlickBall and drink BudLights on our patio on this beautiful night, It's Thursday... Why not come out for some drinks and apps after work?, Our Glynn Hospitality gift cards are the perfect gift and can be used at all 10 of our locations! Get your shopping out of the way today! http://ow.ly/ULG6y, If we don't see you today, we'll see you again on Friday!, Just a sneak peek of our new menu - coming soon!, Still scrambling for a place to watch Ronda Rousey take on Holly Holm tomorrow night in #UFC193? Head over to our sister restaurant, Sports Grille Boston, to catch this historic UFC matchup! Doors open at 8 PM!, Join us on Thursday, November 19th, to win tickets to next weekend's #ShamrockSeries at Fenway!

Get the chance to watch the Boston College Eagles take on the Notre Dame Fighting Irish up close and personal!, Come on over and have a few drinks while you enjoy Plant Nite at Dillons, Decisions....Decisions, Saturday's are for brunch..., Daylight Savings throwing you off? So is this 70 degree weather in November! Come take advantage of our rockin' patio!, Holiday season is just around the corner and we have just the place for your holiday event!, Come watch the B's beat the Stars with us tonight! #BostonBruins, null, Halloween at Dillons, Come visit us tonight and pick out your favorite jock or nerd! We want to see YOUR costumes!, The patio is filling up nicely. Come by for for a last taste of summer. Patio is open all night., Always love a good throwback! This picture was taken circa 1916 when Dillon's still housed the City of Boston Police Department Division 16. 

Too bad the police officers didn't have the lovely patio we have now!, Monday's don't have to be terrible :), E.M.F., Looking for somewhere to watch the Pats? We've got all the essentials! #Patriots #SundayFootball, Handmade pumpkin gnocchi with a sage cream sauce and pan seared scallops. Make your reservation at www.opentable.com now!, Did you say patio in October? Yes! Join us this evening on this wonderful Indian summer night. Wow., Feeling thirsty? Head over to Granary Tavern for a Look Out Farms Tap Takeover all night long!, Tis the season !, Have you joined us for Plant Nite yet?!? Get your tickets now! https://www.plantnite.com/pages/events/view/boston/10000041, Saturday night is here, finally!, Please join us on our HEATED patio for brunch !!! Every Saturday and Sunday 9am-3pm..., Extended lunchbreaks are always acceptable., You can never go wrong with a classic, Dillons Burger. Great no matter what the weather may bring., Fall is here and you MUST try our new flatbread! House pumpkin purée, pancetta, saga, caramelized onions, and mozzarella. Woah!, Coffee, Brunch and Football with your favorite bartender !
#sunday funday, The Captain will be here at 9 o'clock tonight to let you sample their newest spirit, Cannon Blast! It's new to MA and new to YOU, so stop by and sample it with us!, Compass  Real estate company party 
Still not to late to enjoy the last few warm nights on the patio like the folks from Compass did, In addition to our dynamite offerings this week, Chef Eric just mastered Bananas Foster!, 'Tis the season! Shipyard Pumpkin on draft, you know you want it!, Looking for something to do next weekend? Check out the first annual Brunch Battle hosted by Gather. Our sister restaurant, Brownstone Boston, plans to take home the (pan)cake!

Get your tickets here: http://ow.ly/SW8hV, Come in and warm up with our Cheeseburger soup, This is seriously the best pork chop we've ever had! Glazed with citrus, chipotle, garlic, and Parmesan, served with candied-grilled gala apples and sweet potato! Hello Fall!, Congratulations to the Jimmy Fund Walkers, We are honored to be a part of the Mission 22 pub crawl for suicide prevention for military veterans. If you'd like to learn more or support this cause, please visit www.mission22.com!, See everyone tonight!, National Burger Day? You got it! Come try our nacho burger loaded with Mac sauce, pico de gallo, tortilla chips, and house made guac!, For any and all FSU fans visiting Boston for the game but don't have tickets, Dillon's will be playing the game Friday at 8 PM!, Saturdaze on the patio., But we do! So psyched for the first game tonight, so get here early and grab a seat!, We're almost halfway through September, which means while Fenway is starting to slow down the Garden is just heating up! Check out the new Sports Grille Boston for all your gameday needs. Under new management and with an exciting new menu, the month of September is full of deals!, Over 90 degrees all week? Come cool down with our Oreo Ice Cream Cake!, null, We'll be celebrating in style, just as our dear friend Kenny would want it!, Now hiring for all positions!  If you'd like to join our team, send an email to Dillons@irishconnection.com with your resume; we'd love to bring you on board!, Check out the Scallops Beurre Blanc served with Yukon gold potatoes and grilled asparagus, on Special this week Dillon's Boston, Enjoy the weather and the patio at Dillons with live music from Orla Power, Orla Power goes on at 6 on our patio! It's the perfect night for some blues on Boylston!, Can't wait to hear Orla jam on our patio tomorrow night before the Sox game!, Live music on our patio tomorrow night with Orla Power!  Orla goes on at 6pm tomorrow before the Sox game, so make sure you come early and grab a seat! www.soundcloud.com/nlyrla3, Nat-cho typical nacho! All house made goodies on top!, You like us.  We like you.  We are now hiring for all positions, so stop by or email us at dillons@irishconnection.com to apply!, Come on down  to Dillion's and try out our week special Braised Lamb Shank, null, null, Check out today's National What? offerings! Don't miss out, today only!, Lobsters in the house! Try our twin lobster dinner with corn on the cob, red bliss potatoes, and a bottle of wine!, Come on down to Dillons and enjoy our patio after a Red Sox victory !, Summer nights on the patio, Also for #NationalWingDay Garlic Parmesan, Honey Buffalo, and Cajun Carmel, Fly on over to Dillons on #NationalWingDay and try out our strawberry sriacha wings, Stop in before heading to the game tonight!, Join us on the patio for our biggest event of the summer! August 13th starting at 6:30!

www.dillonslobster.eventbrite.com, Some more gems from the Partners Party!, Welcome Partners HealthCare to your '80's Summer Outing! We're ready for ya!, Happy National Hot Dog Day!! Come by for some $2 dogs. We'll be serving them all day & night!, For your enjoyment in honor of #NationalHotDogDay, null, Another successful Paint Nite at Dillon's Boston! 🎨 Don't miss out next Tuesday!, Fresh paperdelle pasta, whole lobster, and Chef Eric's own creation, beche-alfredo! (Bechemel & alfredo, get it!?!) Seriously dynamite!, Lobsters & Gansetts. Need we say more?

Get your tickets here: http://dillonslobster.eventbrite.com, Come on over to Dillion's an enjoy food and drinks on our new patio set up, Who said painting and drinking doesn't go hand and hand. Here at Dillons we believe it does, so come join us next Tuesday for paint nite!, In honor of National French Fry Day, may we present, Chicken Parm Fries! Who wants to only celebrate for one day, so they're on special all week!, We know how much you loved our Strawberry Salsa/Avacado salad, so Chef Eric created another one for you! Baby spinach, goat cheese, strawberries and heirloom cherry tomatoes drizzled with a strawberry mint vinaigrette. Tastes like summer!, It may be a scorchah, but we have the perfect thing to cool you down!, It's a beautiful night, come on over!, Drunken mussels, anyone?, Want to give back and help yourself at the same time? Come in and order this giant bottle of beer in support of the Pan Mass Challenge. It's the new Harpoon 192, a 22oz kolsch style brew that will tantalize your tastebuds!, Where is the best place to watch Boston's fireworks? Dillon's patio of course!!🇺🇸🎉, Start the 4th off right. Join us for Brunch at 10am. Happy 4th., You guys. You have to try our Strawberry Salsa Stuffed Avocado Salad with arugula, heirloom cherry tomatoes, and a balsamic glaze. It is FLYING out of the kitchen!, We revved up our fish tacos for you! Grilled mahi mahi, queso fresco, guacamole, lettuce, and our house-made chimichurri. This will pair perfectly with our Two Roads Double IPA!, null, null, null, Happy birthday, Mary!, What a beautiful day we have! Pete Boyd from Narragansett Beer will be here at 5 to pass out their Del's Shandy to all! Come grab a seat on our patio and order up!, Proud of these guys. Nice work., We are proud to accept this award from Local 718 IAFF for the support Dillon's has been able to provide to the firefighters at Engine 33/Ladder 15.  We are neighbors, we are friends, we are family., Salad anyone? We're open now and serving brunch until 3 o'clock!, Hurry up and meet the legend himself! (He wants to buy you some great cocktails made with Captain Morgan AND Captain White!), You guys. The Captain will be in the house tonight at 7:30 for a Captain Morgan promotion! He gave me a giant swag bag and wants YOU to come party with us!, null, Taking one of our favorites to another level. House Made Edamame Hummus served with wonton chips and Napa Cabbage Sushi Slaw.  #patiolife #backbayfoodies, Samuel Adams and Country 102.5 WKLB Boston want to meet you on the patio at Sterlings in downtown Boston!, Celery schmelery. Come try our Gianni Flatbread special this weekend! House-made fig jam, Bartlett pears, Vermont goat cheese, baby arugula, and drizzled with truffle oil., MixologyNite has begun. These lucky souls are about to learn the art of crafting a cocktail. #mixologynite #patiolife #craftcocktails #humpdayfunday, Are you one of the forty people in the entire city of Boston to have signed up for the very first Mixology Nite?!? I bet you wish you had! We are so psyched to be hosting this awesome event on our beautiful patio tonight!, If you just finished your last final or walked across the stage this morning, tag your friends and come join the party!, Do you think you have what it takes?, null, Enjoy the sun, cocktails, good eats & live music on the patio from 4-7pm today!, We've got more live music tonight until 8 o'clock! Berklee's Madeline Smilie, Mac Ayres, and Jack Martini!, Enjoy a live performance by Alicia Deros & Avery Dodd from 4-7PM today on the patio!, We've got live music all weekend thanks to Acoustic on Main! Dillon's and Berklee's own Alicia Deros singing Drops of Jupiter. She's here all weekend with guest appearances by other Berklee students!, It's a great day for cocktails & live music on a patio!, null, Come check out some live music on our patio today from 4:30-7pm by one of our own Alicia Deros!, null, Patio is filling up and the Corona and Tequila are flowing. Happy Cinco, Time to start the countdown to Cinco. Enjoy some of these favorites on our patio, before, during or post Red Sox tonight., What's up with this Throwback Thursday? Can't we all just get back to Thirsty Thursdays?!? We're *unofficially* taking sizes for this awesome t-shirt, so come grab the much anticipated Narragansett Del's Shandy tall boy can! Or four..., Celebrate Mom, Dads & Grads with our Give More, Get More online gift card special. Purchase $50 in gift cards online and receive a FREE $10 Bonus Gift Card + FREE shipping!! 
April 22nd-May 6th!, We're up at the crack of dawn for one of our favorite days of the year! Meghan Clapp, is that you in this bus on your way to run your first Boston Marathon?? We open at 8am, come cheer on one of our own with the boys next door at Ladder 15 Engine 33!, Who is excited for Marathon weekend?!? Come check out the work we've done to our beautiful patio, and party with Hot 96.9 and grab a Michelob Ultra, on special for $5!, Thank you to everyone that came out for the 5th Annual St. Baldrick's Event! Take a look at some of the great moments captured in these photos...., null, Patio is rocking and Dillon's is ready for a great opening day, It's here it's here it's here!, Is this your last Friday night with a full head of hair? Come out tonight so we can take a "before" and we'll snap the "after" tomorrow! St.Baldrick's is happening tomorrow from 2-7 with lots of food and drink specials!, Need a haircut? Come down to Dillon's this Saturday from 3-7pm and let us take care of that for you! You'll walk away looking great and feeling even better about being part of such a great cause!, History lesson of the day. April 7th, 1933, President Roosevelt made the first step towards ending prohibition. So drink up, my friends, and celebrate National Beer Day!, Come down and help support a great cause!, We are serving brunch until 3pm, so come fill up before your kids eat all the good stuff!, Samuel Adams is flying off the bar! Elli is making sure everyone is well educated on our favorite Marathon beer and is giving away tons of goodies!, Samuel Adams is in the house! First keg of 26.2 is tapped and we've got some great stuff to raffle off!, Ready to party!?! We're excited to host the 2015 Boston Marathon 26.2 Brew kick off party tonight from 6-8pm! Dillons will be donating a portion of the sales of 26.2 to the Greg Hill Foundation, and we'll be raffling off some sweet prizes like Foo Fighters tickets and Samuel Adams swag!, Join us at Dillon's this Wednesday from 6PM - 8PM as we celebrate the return of Boston 26.2 Brew!

All proceeds from Boston 26.2 Brew sold along the Marathon route will be donated to the Greg Hill Foundation, and at this event Dillon's will be donating .50 cents of every pint sold!

 Join us as we raise a pint #fortheloveofboston & #thegreghillfoundation!, Yesterday we had snow, today we have sunshine! Patio is open, tunes are crankin', and eggs are fryin'! Come enjoy this beautiful day with us!, null, null, We can't believe it's been a year. Missing our brothers Eddie Walsh and Mike Kennedy today., Rumor has it we still have a few more hours of sunshine today! Ciara is ready for you to sit outside and order our refreshing sangria!, Join us at Dillon's on April 1st from 6PM - 8PM as we celebrate the return of Boston 26.2 Brew!

All proceeds from Boston 26.2 Brew sold along the Marathon route will be donated to the Greg Hill Foundation, and at this event Dillon's will be donating .50 cents of every pint sold!

Join us as we raise a pint #fortheloveofboston!, For More Information on Booking your Patio Party
call: (617) 421-1818  or  email: dillons@irishconnection.com, I'm sure there are a lot of you that feel this way after yesterday's games. Let's turn it around today with a couple wins on your bracket., Who still has a perfect bracket?!? If any of you are like our staff, we're not doing so hot... There are 4 more games tonight, so come grab a seat at the bar with Jon, Allison and Kasey and compare teams over our newest draft, Jack's Abby Hoponius!, The madness is about to begin. Come by and cheer on your college favorites., http://www.thrillist.com/drink/nation/the-best-craft-breweries-in-america, Happy St. Patrick's day. Have a little bit of luck at the bottom of every pint., This is the most number of of bag pipers we've ever had in here! How are you celebrating St. Paddy's weekend?!?, If this doesn't kick off your weekend right, I don't know what will! Come in for the show and our festive St. Paddy's Bud Light Aluminum bottles!, Who likes beer? Well, how many of you like FREE beer?? Come in tonight and sample Boston's own Samuel Adams and get some cool swag!, Guess what? Your weekday is halfway over, it's 5 o'clock, and we uncovered the patio! Hurry up and grab a table!, null, Who's ready for this weekend?!?, We would like to invite all teams and families who are participating in Boston's 6th annual Climb To The Top event benefiting the National MS Society for brunch on Saturday, March 7th for 25% off of food!  This event is special to the Dillon's family, as we have staff who will make the trek to the top of the John Hancock tomorrow for the 6th time!  Please spread the word, come and relax for brunch after those 1200 steps, and support this great cause!  Visit http://eventmam.nationalmssociety.org/site/PageServer?pagename=GEN_MAM_Climb to learn more!, Check out The Boston A-List and vote for Coogan's Boston & The Black Rose in their St. Patrick's Day Showdown!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/bracket/st-patrick-s-day-showdown-2015/232, Sign up for the Glynn Hospitality Group Newsletter to receive emails about upcoming events and specials being offered at all of our locations!, Shhhh, we're good at secrets. Take off a bit early today and come visit Jen, Shawn, Shannon, and Liz to start your weekend off right!, You asked, we listened! #digoutdineout specials - $5 burger and $3 High Life. Come crab some grub and a VIP seat at the bar with Jonathan and Kasey for Oscar Sunday!, The boys bringing the heat at this years chili cup., Starting tomorrow we will be offering $5 Burgers & $3 Miller High Life's #DigOutDineOut, Start your day off right. Come brunch with us today. #OpeninBos, Bad news, folks, we are closed today. Best news ever?!? We will open at 10 am on Monday for BRUNCH! Make your reservations at www.opentable.com (or else you'll be calling an empty restaurant aaaaaaaaalll day)!, Don't let a little snow get in the way of love. Come join us for an amazing Valentine's Day meal with a special someone., Who wants to get snowed in with us?, Have you made your reservation yet?, We just made our seafood chowder with fresh haddock, clams, and shrimp, and Eder creaded a roasted portabello soup for all our guests who missed us as much as we missed you over the last couple of days.  Come warm up and ease your shoveling pains!, We are open and back in action tonight- come on by for some drinks and snacks, keep us company, and get out of your house 😊, Dillon's will be closed Tuesday, too! I know what I'll be doing..., Right?!?  We'll be closed all day Monday and hope you all are staying safe and warm during this latest blast of snow.  Come join us for our seafood chowder and Irish coffees when we open on Tuesday!, Nothing else to do other than eat, drink and watch the snow fall. Come join us for Brunch., Because it needs to break., Do you like beer?  Do you like FREE beer?  Come in tonight and try some samples of your favorite Samuel Adams brew at 7:30!, Happening right out front at Dillons., We're open and ready to party! Can't wait to see our boys in the duck boats!, Boston is making sure we're ready to open at 8am for you! Come help us cheer on our champions!, null, See you at 8am tomorrow!!, If you missed our Super Bowl party, don't you worry! We're opening at 8am Wednesday for our VICTORY PARADE! We've got our favorite brunch items to offer you because, let's be honest, you are skipping work and are ready to party after all this snow!, http://boston.cbslocal.com/2015/02/02/patriots-victory-parade-set-for-wednesday/, Champions!!!, We're ready, are you here yet?!?, null, It's finally heeeeere! We're gonna have both bars open, the sound will be cranked, and now we're just waiting for you!, We're baaaaaaack! We know all of you have cabin fever, and we miss all of your smiling faces, so come swap snow stories!, We hope all of you are bunkered down with plenty of liquor and loved ones in anticipation of Juno! We plan on doing the same on Tuesday, so we will see you on Wednesday when we re-open!, Right?!?, Did you hear the roar of laughter in here when this happened?!?, Have you made your reservation yet for brunch this weekend?  Visit http://gbfb.org/events/super-hunger-brunch.php and www.dillonsboston.com to get your table to support the Greater Boston Food Bank!, Sound is crankin', food is fryin', and beers are flyin!, We have plenty of room for you tomorrow, so make your reservation at www.opentable.com or call 617-421-1818 for a great spot next to one of our huge tv's! We'll be cranking up the volume, so bring your friends and get ready to help us cheer on our Pats!, Our kitchen closes at 11:30 tonight, so hurry up and order our raspberry goat cheese salad with spinach and candied pecans! On the other hand, the bar always closes at 2am, if that is the kind of salad you're thirsty for..., Make your reservations today for Super Hunger Brunch on January 24th and 25th in support of The Greater Boston Food Bank!, null, February 24 and 25th!, null, null, null, We still have a few tickets left for our New Year's party. Tickets are available on Eventbrite. Look forward to ringing in the New Year with all of our staff, regulars and friends., Dillon's still has tickets left for what will be the biggest New Year's celebration in the Back Bay., One big party down and one BIG one to go. Have you confirmed your plans for New Year's Eve yet? You are more than welcome to join the staff, management and crowds of revelers ring in the New Year at Dillon's!, From all the management and staff at Dillon's...all the best of the season to all our friends and valued guest. Have a festive and safe Christmas...come visit us this week for some seasonal cheer but just a reminder, we are closed Christmas Eve and Christmas day., null, null, Don't wait till the last minute. Tickets are still available on Eventbrite., Raising our glasses in helping Guinness support our troops!, Come visit us at Dillon's tonight, buy a Guinness, post it to their facebook page, and they'll donate $1 to Packages From Home! Help us raise a glass to heroes!, Grab your tickets and celebrate the new year with us here at Dillon's Boston, Well, this is pretty cool!, It's your last chance to get 20% off your online gift card purchase of $50 or more! Use Code: GLYNNGIFT before Monday, December 15th!, Attention all last minute party planners! Dillon's has some select dates available for functions with no minimum/room fees. email Dillons@irishconnection.com for more info, If you are not at Dillon's for SantaCon, you are missing out! We've got both bars crankin' it out, get down here quick!, It's here! Santa Con (also known as Santarchy) is happening this weekend in Boston. Dillon's is a favorite stop for all the Santa revellers. Come join the party!, Worried you might be responsible for a party foul? Leave your worries behind and join us at Dillon's this weekend. It's your holidays party foul-free zone., Looking for stocking stuffers for the foodies and restaurant revellers on your list..., Get your tickets for our NYE celebration before its too late!, null, It's the perfect night for Dr. McGillicuddy's Apple Pie! 
Come in tonight from 6-8pm to sample this fall time favorite!, null, It's officially the season!, November 14th is National Pickle Day...now it might sound like we are coming up with any old reason to throw a party, but it's true AND we Do make our own pickle chips. lol. Oh;..and it's also Friday...two great reasons to visit us at Dillon's Boston for lunch and afterwork., null, null, There are still some tickets left for Wednesdays Beer Dinner at Brownstone Boston, It's not November on the Dillon's patio!   Brunch til 2., Game night! Tonight our Boston Bruins take on the Edmonton Oilers TD Garden. Game is 7pm. If you are not heading into downtown, we invite you to join us to cheer on the boys!, null, null, This Thursday November 6th, the Dillon's Boston and the Granary Tavern will be at Royalefor the 9th Annual Open Your Heart to the Children Benefit. Event info and tix available here http://hfc.org/event.asp?eventID=197, Who has more fun than our crew?!? Come show off your costumes or else Big Daddy aka "Sir Frisks A Lot" might handcuff you to our original jail cell!, It's Friday Eve...one of the busiest and most popular nights of the week at Dillon's Boston . Join us early for dinner, some craft beers and of course - the Boston Bruins, It's National Chocolate Day...In honor of this most celebrated day's Dillon's Boston has a chocolate brownie. (Actual photo!), Two big events this week for Halloween. October 30th and October 31st we will be hosting parties. Hope you can join us., And don't forget about our Halloween party and benefit for Room to Grow, Halloween!!! Dillon's Boston is throwing a party with Ron Brugal Rum. Prizes, cocktails and scary good times!, The Dillon's Boston Team supporting our local FireFighters and the Burn Foundation. Thanks for having us guys! Thanks Kristen for affording us the opportunity to participate., Don't forget about our Halloween event next week in support of Room to Grow!, Ever wonder where the name originated (and good times) originated from?, October 30th @Dillon's will be hosting a Halloween Party and Benefit for Room to Grow. Tickets are available here:, Two words: TATER TOTS! A city favorite and great comfort food on a rainy day like today. Did you know that Dillon's Boston dishes out literally thousands of these tasty morsels each week!, It's the Head Of The Charles Regatta this weekend! If you are in the area stop by Dillon's Boston to recharge and/or celebrate., Looking forward to hosting the One Brick Boston Party on the 15th. For more info visit boston.onebrick.org, Sunshine, New England Patriots and Brunch = 3 great reasons to join us at Dillon's Boston today. Game is at 1pm and if the weather holds, we will have the windows open for people watching on Boylston St. = 4 good reasons! And the Pumpkin Ales are in = 5...you seeing  a pattern here. (and you can do either breakfast or lunch...a judgement free zone!), Hats off to the boys of the Boston FireFighters Union who participated in the Calendar Release in support of the Burn Foundation. Boston.com posted a great clip about the individual FireFighters who participated in the event and are featured in the calendar. , Thanks to everyone who was able to join us last night in supporting the Boston's FireFighters Burn Foundation! Great night for a great cause. , Team Dillon's is ready to roll out. Off to Royale to support the Boston FireFighters Burn Foundation. Hope you can join us. Tickets at http://www.ticketfly.com/purchase/event/679873, Congratulations to our friends at Granary Tavern for making WBZ | CBS Boston Boston's Best List for Places To Go for Fall Cocktails. http://boston.cbslocal.com/top-lists/bostons-best-fall-cocktails, These people (Paul Wilson, Kate Tighe, Tbone Talbot)..working hard on planning the MDA Muscle Team event for the kids in February. The entire Glynn Hospitality Group and a spectrum of other city restaurants pitching in to make a difference. Event details coming soon., If you have not had a chance to visit our sister restaurant Central Wharf Co.. in the Financial District next to Faneuil Hall Marketplace, today they posted some pics of the space. Looks terrific! , Boys are in the kitchen testing out recipes for Thursdays FireFighters event supporting the Burn Foundation. Event is at Royale and Dillon's is catering the evening. Hope to you there!, Now on tap at Dillon's Old Chub Scotch Ale! Join us for a pint after work and start the weekend off right., What are you doing next Thursday? Come out to Royale and support the Boston Fire Fighters Burn Foundation. Dillon's will be catering the event. Our boys Bruno, Paul W and Tbone Talbot will turning up the heat in the kitchen. To purchase tix: http://www.ticketfly.com/purchase/event/679873, null, We'd like to welcome the man himself! He may not show up at Fenway, but he loves us here at Dillon's!, null, Craft beer, oysters, clam chowder, lobster sliders, live reggae.....sounds like the perfect way to kick off fall!! Join our friends over at Sterlings for their first annual Great American Patio Party from 2pm-5pm! Get your tickets now before they sell out!, Happy birthday, Freddy, thanks for all of your hard work! Now, who's coming over to help us eat the rest of this chocolate chip ice cream cake?!?, null, We are tapping the first keg of the new season, Octoberfest! Imagine the bragging rights you'll have if you hurry up and get here to help us drink it!, Who wants to be a part of our fantastic team? We are now accepting applications for servers and hosts! Please email us at dillons@irishconnection.com with your resume and we'll chat soon!, Dillon's is the newest place available on Open Table!  As always, give us a call at 617-421-1818 to make your reservation, but now you can also visit www.opentable.com!, Join us on the patio at Sterling's on Saturday, September 20th for an afternoon filled with endless craft beers, oysters, chowder & more as we kick off fall 2015 in Boston!

$25 tickets. Sample over 20 beers from 5 local breweries, delicious food & live music.

Proceeds from the event will benefit The Great American Foundation and their efforts to support The Alliance for Children.
, We've got the best dish to warm you up on this chilly, rainy day!  You can stop anywhere on Boylston for clam chowder, but we take it a step further. Our freshly prepared Seafood Chowder has clams, shrimp, and flaky haddock and pairs well with a Sam Adams Rebel IPA. Come visit Allison, Kelsey, Gabby and Liz for your chowder and front row seat for the 12:30 Sox game!, Plenty of seats available on our patio right now! Come try one of Liz's favorites, our Raspberry Goat Cheese salad with a cool Del's!, http://www.dirtywatertv.com/2014/07/18/blogpost/2014-summer-tour-with-budweiser-at-dillons-show-promo/, null, Sam Adams Born & Bred in Boston Party starts at 6pm tonight!

One lucky person will win the full Boston treatment.... 
a pair of box seats to a Red Sox game, brew a beer with Lou Merloni at the brewery, two tickets to Boston Calling & visit the WEEI broadcast booth!, Celebrate 30 years with Sam Adams this Thursday from 6-8pm for your chance to win the ultimate Boston treatment!, null, null, Nothing beats our front row seats for the best fireworks in the country!, null, Looking for tickets to see Zac Brown tomorrow night at Fenway? Join us tonight for your chance to win a pair!, Come on down to Dillon's this afternoon to root on the US with us🇺🇸, C'mon by for a chance to win tix to this weekends show.  Hope to see you there., We've got the game volume on downstairs, so come early and pick your spot!, Have you booked your patio party yet? Email us at dillons@irishconnection.com for more information!, null, Stop by on your way to the Sox and grab a refreshing beverage on the Patio....not going to the game? Then come cheer on Team USA in their first World Cup game starting at 6pm!

http://www.buzzfeed.com/rogaine/10-reasons-team-usa-can-win-the-world-cup, null, null, null, null, null, Happy Tuesday. Come on by and try our delicious Pineapple Coconut Margarita on the patio ☀️☀️, Cheers to a beautiful Monday in the city!, Make sure to stop by for Migration Week and have a Goose Island brew. http://www.gooseisland.com/migration/home.php, Come by and visit one of our sister stores, 
Hurricane O' Reilly's. They are kicking off country weekends all summer long., null, The perfect gift for your loved one if you still need an idea for Mother's Day, tickets are still available! Email dillons@irishconnection.com for tickets!, It's a beautiful weekend in Boston! Come celebrate Mother's Day on our patio with this yummy Oreo cheesecake, 100% of the proceeds go towards cancer research., Now THAT is how you win a game! Dillon's celebration party is happening right now, come on down!, The beer is flowing and the patio is starting to fill up. Come on down celebrate with us., Come on down and get summer started off right with corona !!! Bring ur sombrero, Is everyone ready for tomorrow?!? Be sure to hang out with us all afternoon for lots of Cinco de Mayo festivities and enter to win a Corona Cooler from 5-7!, null, null, Mark your calendars for our Pinot Party Wine Tasting! 
For tickets email us at dillons@irishconnection.com., Best of luck to all the hard working, brave runners that will reclaim our city today! And a special thank you to our friends and neighbors from engine 33 and ladder 15! Good luck out there., http://www.boston.com/advertising/2014/04/11/the-best-boston-marathon-bars/80CouNemYXdeCZuJRq0KfI/story.html, null, null, Thanks for everyone that came to support the St. Baldricks event Saturday. We are so proud to be apart of such a wonderful cause., Opening Day at Fenway is finally here! Come watch the game with us for your chance to win a pair of tickets to Sox game on 4/9!, Please continue to pray for the families of Mike and Ed and all their fellow firefighters. Their bravery and selflessness is heroic, null, Heartbroken over the loss of two extraordinary men who not only cared for others but were an example of heroism! Mike and Eddie RIP, Don't miss out on tomorrow nights wine tasting event!, Are your Final Four the same as President Obama?, Hope everyone enjoyed St. Paddy's as much as we did! Thanks to all for another great year!, Come in tonight and watch Albany vs. Mount St. Mary's & North Carolina State vs. Xavier, Happy St. Patrick's Day. Come on by and keep the party going 🍀, You know those really special bars that are so much fun that you need to check your iPhone and friends Facebook walls to see how much fun you had? That's the kinda place our friends at Coogan's Boston run...the ideal pub crawl kinda place. Vote for them in The Boston A-List St. Patrick's Day Showdown. , Let the weekend of Irish festivities begin!!!!, Our good friend Coogan's Boston has made the final in the #StPatricksDayShowdown

Show them support and give them your vote!

http://boston.cityvoter.com/bracket/st-patrick-s-day-showdown/220, null, Mark your calendars for our Annual St. Baldrick's Head Shaving Event on April 12th..., Get your tickets now for our Napa vs Sonoma Wine Tasting..., null, Travis and Bruno did an awesome job at the chili cup last night. 🐔🐔 looking forward to their next concoction!, 2hrs til the puck drops for the USA vs Canada game. Come by for some lunch and cheer on the US during their quest for gold., null, null, Plenty to choose from, and we just added Dale's Pale Ale on draft!, Great win by USA!, http://www.cbssports.com/olympics/eye-on-olympics/24443363/united-states-vs-russia-preview-, Dirty Water TV coverage of last year's Ned Devine's Irish Pub Chili Cup. The boys have lost their mustaches but are ready to compete this year. Remember, this tasty event is in support of Community Work Services so in addition to great eats you are helping others to succeed. Eat Well. Do Good., Hello there, lovers!  We still have a few spots available for dinner reservations, but if you don't have a date for dinner, come on by anyway; there will be plenty of singles here that would love to be your Valentine!, null, One step closer 

http://boston.cbslocal.com/2014/02/08/red-sox-season-unofficially-starts-with-truck-day/, Dillons is open for regular business - come on by and enjoy the snow from indoors with a yummy cocktail or some delicious chowder !, We just entered this years Chili Cup... get your tickets now for a discounted price of $15. , Thinking of all our friends next door today. Frankie you will be missed by so many. 

http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2014/01/28/death-goodlament-for-jake/IwsbGI086Q0Vw1Qp77Y4EO/story.html, Check out our new sister store Central Wharf Co., Almost game time....🏈🏈Come on by to cheer on Brady and the Pats take down the Broncos!, Just tapped our first barrel of the newest Sam Adams seasonal, Cold Snap! Earn your bragging rights by being one of the first people in the city to taste it!, Who hasn't yet heard that Dillon's offers Paint Nite?!?  We still have seats available for February 10th, and be sure to use the coupon code "dillons40" for 40% off!  Can't wait to see your beautiful faces creating beautiful artwork just in time for Valentine's Day!  www.paintnite.com , Did you know that in Czech Republic, the average person drinks 346 12-ounce bottles of beer per year — the most of any other country?! 

Think it's time we stepped it up a notch, and we have plenty of 12 ounce bottles just waiting for you to get started!, Well it's that time. After digging out all day, it's time to relax. Come on by and warm up with a bowl of chowder, chicken pot pie or our house marinated steak tips. Open at 3pm, see you soon., The beer is flowing and the kitchen is open. Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow. Having a snow party. Come on by and visit Jill and Jon on the bar., Dillons is officially open and ready for business! Brunch til 3 then regular menu. Hope to see everyone today!

Happy new year 😃, null, We are officially sold out of NYE here at Dillons! Thanks to everyone who will be celebrating with us next week!!, The end of 2013 is quickly approaching and tickets to our New Year's Eve Party are going fast! Make sure to get your tickets now before it's too late..., Come by for one of this years, toughest finds. New England's own Narragansett's Autocrat coffee milk stout. Just added to out beer list. Hurry before it's all gone., Tickets are going fast for our NYE party....get your tickets now!!

https://dillonsnye2014.eventbrite.com, null, Be sure to visit us on Friday for some steaming seafood chowder, and don't forget to bring an unwrapped toy to help us support Horizons For Homeless Children!  Check out www.horizonsforhomelesschildren.org to find out other ways to help!, Tickets are going fast for NYE at Dillons!! Get yours now!, Santas everywhere! Already been a great day at dillons. Come on by tonight and keep us company...., null, null, Warm yourself from the cold and try our new salmon special!  Grilled, with a roasted parmesan sauce, served with asparagus and risotto cakes!, null, Great photo from yesterday's parade!, null, Come by Dillons tomorrow and celebrate with the World Series Champion Red Sox - they will be passing right by us!!! We open at 8 am. http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2013/10/31/route-for-rolling-rally-announced-parade-set-for-saturday-morning/MBEWovGWNeWycSzCIKg6xM/story.html, Happy Disney Halloween from Dillon's!, Come on by Dillons to cheer on the Sox as they try to make history!!! Game sound on, get there early, Saturday night was the first World Series game to end on an obstruction call, Sunday night was the first to end on a pickoff, what can possibly happen next?!

Which of these game ending events, that have never happened in the World Series, do you think will take place tonight...an inside-the-park home run, an unassisted triple play, catcher's interference or a walkoff walk?, Come join us to cheer on sox while they take down St. Louis In game 3!!!!, Hats off to the unbelievable team effort by the Red Sox. What a difference a year can make!

See u Wednesday for game 1!, Who's ready to watch Game 6 with Stephanie!?!, WHO'S READY!?!  If you couldn't score tickets, come watch with us and try our duck quesadilla special!, Come on by dillons and see the sox clinch! 8:37 PM. ⚾️⚾️, Who's cutting out of work early to go to Game 1?!? Come to Dillon's to try our butternut squash soup!, Soak up the sun on our patio with an ice cold pumpkin beer!  Several to choose from, and plenty of cinnamon sugar to satisfy your craving!, Happy October !!!! Come by and enjoy our Indian summer on the patio, Guess who is jumping on the Paint Nite train!?!  That's right, folks.  We only have 4 tickets left for our first ever Paint Nite at Dillon's on October 21st!  Hurry up and grab a seat while you still can!, Fall is here!  Come in for one of our pumpkin beers and a steaming up of butternut bisque!, Check this out tomorrow night at The Black Rose, Who is going to the last home Sox game today!?! We've got brunch going until 3 to satisfy your cravings!, Get your beard on and beer in hand... the Red Soxs look to clinch the Division Title tonight!, Sox can clinch a playoff spot tonight with a win! Come down and grab a couple craft pumpkin beers and try a Spaghetti Sandwich and celebrate a win!, Download Spogo.  Come to Dillon's.  Wager points on the games today.  WIN FREE STUFF!, It's ladies night at Dillon's!  Come visit our beautiful bartenders Jill, Nolan and Allison and have them pour you one of our seasonal cocktails!, Mark your calendars... It's time for Round Two of the Battle of the Bartenders!, null, Who hasn't downloaded Spogo yet?!?  Download Spogo at the app store, and come in to Dillon's to wager points on the Red Sox game tonight, and win free stuff!, null, If next week your getting ready for this.......whether its you, your kids or the dog.....We have a full selection of crafts beers on the patio bar to help ease your mind, at least till monday., CALLING ALL SOCCER FANS....

Four star New England Revolution players – Matt Reis, Bobby Shuttleworth, A.J. Soares and Andrew Farrell – will step off of the pitch and behind the bar on Thursday, Aug, 22 at Clerys to showcase their cocktail-shaking skills for charity.

All tips the players receive during the event, cash or credit, will be donated directly to The One Fund Boston., How does that song go by LFMAO? " Shots, shot, shot, shot, shots" Something along those lines right? Well we got shots....of wild mushroom bisque that is and serving them up hot tomorrow at the All Local Social. :), Who you tryin' to get crazy with ese? Don't you know I'm 'Local'!, null, It's Friday and National Rum Day... Let's get drinkin'!, null, null, null, Did you know... 
On July 31, 1959, Earl Wilson became the first black pitcher to ever start a game for the Boston Red Sox. Besides breaking the color barrier for Boston on this day 53 years ago, Wilson also threw a no-hitter against the Angels, and even hit a home run off of the opposing pitcher to help secure his victory., null, Sure is perfect patio weather... and what do you know, we have the perfect spot waiting for you!, null, null, null, Sox Yankees all weekend. Come join us at Dillon's to beat the heat, Come down to Granary Tavern on Tuesday the 16th from 6-9pm to officially welcome 2 Gingers Whiskey to Boston! Brian Scalabrine will be behind the bar serving up the signature cocktail, BIG GINGER!, Back in 1972 on this day was the 1st tour of Paul McCartney & Wings! Stop in tonight before you see him live at Fenway Park., Did you know that on this day in 1946 the 13th All Star Baseball Game was held at Fenway Park and the AL won 12-0?, null, Happy 4 th of July - Dillons will be celebrating all day with the Red Sox day game and the fireworks and festivities at the Esplanade later. Stay safe Boston, Tbone Talbot is in the house today doing quality control for the new summer menu. How about these tasty new items to whet your appetite:
- Raspberry Goat Cheese Salad
- Citrus beet salad
- Sausage and gorgonzola flatbread
- Baked Brie Bites w/apricot preserve and maple yogurt dip
- Pressed duck sandwich w/mesclun greens on focaccia

AND OF COURSE...our homemade  Tater Tots with sriracha ranch.

How you like them apples people?, We sure are proud of GRANARY TAVERN for winning Best Bar in the Financial District from the Improper Bostonian's Bostons Best Issue! Thank you all for making that possible., Way to go Sox with win #50, way ahead of last year when they hit that mark on July 28. Stop in to to celebrate and have Alex pour you our famous Sangria!, null, Make your way Downtown to fill the boot and support our friend Kate and the MDA., null, null, null, null, Sunday night is where it's at! Enjoy the breeze with an ice cold Corona on our patio!, It's a beautiful summer evening to watch our Sox and Bruins win at home! Come in and watch both games on our big screens while you enjoy our lobster roll and a Lagunitas IPA!, null, Happy Fathers Day to all the Dads out there. Enjoy your day!, Perfect day in Boston. I bet you're thirsty. C'mon by and visit us!, Get fired up Boston!!!! http://boston.sportsthenandnow.com/2013/06/10/this-bruins-montage-goose-bumps-video/, null, Powers back on in the back bay! Come enjoy 1 of our Egg & Avocado BLT- fried egg, avocado, lettuce, tomato and lots of bacon on foccacia bread served with skillet potatoes. Yummmm!, Welcome back, sun!  Come enjoy your afternoon on our patio on this beautiful Summer day!, How SWEEP it is to advance to the Stanley Cup Finals!! Congrats Bruins, Jose just announced that AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLER will be at his summer block party this year., The whole city is talking about it! Better save the date. Celebrate summer and support the MDA., Do you remember this day back in 2001 when Rookie Shea Hillenbrand ends an 18-inning marathon at Fenway Park with a home run as the winning run crosses the plate at 12:58 AM in a 4-3 win over Detroit?, Be sure to come in early and grab a prime table on our patio before our Sox take on the Rangers tonight!, Come join us for some beers and snacks while we watch the bruins get a win in game 1!, null, Tickets are available on Event Brite. See you on the water., Remember Jim Plunkett FB Page? Well, next Thursday he is making an appearance and supporting http://www.massfallenheroes.org/. A couple hours on the water and honoring our military members. Great idea!!!, null, Come on by and cool off at the patio bar with Jill., Going to the #bostonstrongconcert tonight? check out our friends at Hurricanes O'Reilly's before the show!, We are ready for summer. Come by and grab a drink on our patio. Maybe some sangria or an Ice cold corona. Yum....., null, Head over to watch the Red Sox take on the Phillies., Thank you to all who have served... Heroes you are and will forever be. Happy Memorial Day., null, It's been a busy week so far at Dillons. Come on by and help us keep it going. Tomorrow is already Thursday! See you there. Ask for Carlos he makes a mean mojito!, Buy Tickets Now!
When: Thursday, May 23, 2013, 6pm - 9pm

Where: Upper Rotunda & Ned Devine's Parris Lounge

What: A celebration of  summer menus, tasty dishes, new neighbors & the hottest flavors from the Faneuil Hall neighborhood restaurants & the world famous Quincy Market Food Colonnade.

Craft beer will be on tap, live music will be rocking with Dalton & The Sheriffs... There is no better way to kick off Memorial Day Weekend than at the 1st Annual Taste of Faneuil Hall!, Come visit Alex on the Patio., Happy hump day!  Come visit us for some tomato basil bisque and grilled cheese on this chilly May day!, Cheers to Paul Bruno, for successful completion of the Court of Sommeliers Level I course. Good job., Hey all, treat Mom to nice hot Brunch today. No reservation needed. Happy Mother's day!, Dillon's is humbled and honored to be assisting with the Boston Bites Back event in support of the One Fund. Please help the cause and 'like' their FB page and if you are able, purchase a ticket to this  one of a kind event., Check out this White Chocolate Strawberry Panna Cotta made special by Chef Kelly for Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer. Get yours this week at Brownstone Boston & Clerys Boston, 8 days away and counting! Did you get your tickets yet??, Take a ride and give back with Uber and Dillons! 
Uber Boston will be donating 26.2% of one ride per Uber user to the One Fund. Dillon's will be giving Uber customers 20% their food bill with their receipt!, null, The St. Baldrick’s Foundation, a volunteer-driven charity dedicated to raising money for childhood cancer research, This year we had a month long "movember" campain, A charity event featuring chefs from the Boston area held at Game On 9/16/10, The staff at Dillon's loves to get involved in any holiday!, Dillon's is the perfect spot to host your event, null, null, The Dish Back Bay Fries and Gravy — fresh-cut Kennebec fries, peppercorn/brandy gravy, cheese curds, maple-smoked bacon, chive sour cream.  Read more at: http://nesn.com/2012/12/bostons-best-sports-bar-dish-dillons-back-bay-fries-and-gravy/, null, The St. Baldrick’s Foundation, a volunteer-driven charity dedicated to raising money for childhood cancer research., null, null)