List(We're changing our hours for the summer. Closing lunches, still open 7 nights!! Enjoy the sunshine and we'll see you in the evening!, Juniper, About time. Woo!, null, Here now, Looking good Juni, "Wake up extra early and surprise the old man with a box full of Justin Burke-Samson’s “tailgate” tarts topped with chocolate fudge, potato chips, pretzels, and salted caramel." Trademark Tarts, null, null, null, So jealous.., null, We’re participating in @beyond_shelter on 4/10! Help end homelessness in #Boston, buy tix today! https://www.fundraise.com/27thanniversary #HeartHelpHome, We're Hiring!!, null, We are so excited to partner with the Circle of Hope once again to offer our Haiti Benefit $50, 3-Course Dinner. The Haitian menu includes options like soup joumou, pikliz, akra, and curried goat stew. We hope to see you this week for dinner Monday - Thursday and the following week (9th-13th) Sunday - Thursday! , Juniper!!!, Check out this awesome article featuring Dave!!, http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/01/06/shake-shack-ceo-eats-at-sweet-basil-which-is-expanding.php, Dave's pottery is featured in Boston Magazine this month. Hard to recognize his work without a bunch of Bolognese and pappardelle inside it., Serving up hot stuff at Boston Bites Back, Dave is 1 of 100 chefs taking over Fenway park tonight! This fundraiser is going to be epic. Raising a ton of money for The One Fund. Sweet Basil food at Fenway? It's happening, its really happening.  , Fava bean picking here at the Baze, null, New Unis at Sweet Basil? Swa-danky, The Boston Phoenix features a review of "Stewed" by Cassandra Landry this week! We're pretty psyched about it!
http://thephoenix.com/Boston/food/150040-soups-on/, Here are some pics from the 5th chapter of "Stewed." Seafood is our Diana Ross here, and Captain Marden's Seafoods was our Supremes. They alway come through for us!, Our new cookbook "Stewed" gets a shout in the Globe G section today. Look at these grinning fools, Here it comes...the 4th chapter of our new cookbook. This one is for the meat appreciators!, Dear Newburyporters and other north shore dwellers....copies of "Stewed" can now be found at 
The Jabberwocky Bookstore- in The Tannery
The Wishbasket- in The Tannery
and Soufflés- on Market Sq. downtown 
More store updates to come!, null, OK Sweet Basil-ites, here is link to the page where you can purchase our new cookbook "Stewed"! 
Dave will deliver each one flying on the back of an eagle.
http://www.sweetbasilneedham.com/cookbook.html, Here is comes! A new Cookbook from the kitchen of Sweet Basil. We are calling it "Stewed." The book has a combo of Dave Becker's recipes and Nina Gallant"s photos. They went sort of creatively nuts on this book in a very good way. Copies of "Stewed" are arriving at Sweet Basil today! Here is a sampling of images from the first chapter "Grown.", She's like the polish Chrissie Hynde. Putting it on the ipod tonight., Chicken cacciatore tossed with farfalle, Chicken parmesan with pasta on the side, Handmade ravioli with ricotta, romano, mascarpone and goat cheese in basil marinara sauce, Baked gouda wrapped in phyllo dough, with fresh berries over greens)