List(Join the conversation and discover Gisele Bündchen and Lucia Pica’s exclusive beauty secrets in CHANEL Beauty Talks, Episode #1., At this very moment in Madagascar, nature is revealing benefits as powerful as they are ephemeral… CHANEL captures them to make them eternal. 
Discover SUBLIMAGE at chanel.com/-SublimageNovelty, Killing time with my BOY∙FRIEND.
Discover more on chanel.com/-boy-friend, Count to 10.
LA SOLUTION 10 DE CHANEL. Only 10 ingredients. The new comforting moisturizer for sensitive skin.
chanel.com/-lasolution10, CHANEL Jetlight Sunglass Collection now available to shop online at chanel.com/-eyewear-jetlightcollection-us, COCO MADEMOISELLE. The Eau de Parfum.
Now is the moment to find out more on chanel.com/-eaudeparfumcocomademoiselle, The private moments of COCO MADEMOISELLE. 
Follow COCO MADEMOISELLE on chanel.com/-PrivateMomentsofCocoMademoiselle, THE LONGWEAR NAIL DUO.
Play with the shades at chanel.com/-le-duo-vernis, ROUGE COCO STYLO. 
Play with your signature at chanel.com/-rcc-stylo, It’s your turn to play with the Coco Sampler at chanel.com/-rcc-stylo-coco-sampler, The new ROUGE COCO STYLO and LONGWEAR NAIL DUO.
Play with your style at chanel.com/-rcc-stylo-coco-sampler, Like precious artworks, the Mademoiselle Privé Coromandel dials are meticulously handcrafted using a rare, complex technique: sculpted gold. Poetic and feminine, their delicate designs flicker, coming to life with each movement of the wrist. #baselworld2016
Discover CHANEL’s exceptional timepieces at chanel.com/-Coromandel, “Elegance is being equally beautiful inside and outside.” - Gabrielle Chanel
Monsieur Watch. Find out more on chanel.com/-MonsieurdeChanel2016, CHANEL’s signature quilted motif inspires 4 new LES ÉTERNELLES DE CHANEL timepieces set with rare, stunning gems. Conceived as an expression of the House’s creativity and know-how, these true jewels conceal a hidden and precious watch dial. #baselworld2016
Discover CHANEL’s exceptional timepieces at chanel.com/-LesEternellesdeChanel, A dazzling, fully paved dial, celebrating Mademoiselle’s favorite gem through an original Art Deco-inspired setting pattern.
CHANEL introduces BOY∙FRIEND ARTY DIAMONDS at Baselworld 2016: 5 limited-edition watches, 5 true works of art. #baselworld2016
Discover CHANEL’s exceptional timepieces at chanel.com/-BoyfriendArtyDiamonds, CHANEL’s new Monsieur Watch will be unveiled on June 2nd. #baselworld2016
Register at chanel.com/-MonsieurdeChanel to be kept up to date., Share a moment with Gisele Bündchen and learn how she achieves her natural glow with LES BEIGES DE CHANEL in the exclusive CHANEL Beauty Talks Episode #1.
Now available on chanel.com/-ChanelBeautyTalks, CHANEL Beauty Talks, an exclusive series introducing a new way to master makeup.
Watch Episode #1 and discover more on chanel.com/-ChanelBeautyTalks, Cara Delevingne is the new face of the Spring-Summer 2016 eyewear campaign, photographed by Karl Lagerfeld.
More information on the collection at chanel.com/-eyewear-ss2016, A day with Pharrell Williams attending the Fall-Winter 2016/17 Ready-to-Wear show., Get a closer look at the accessories from the Fall-Winter 2016/17 Ready-to-Wear show.
See more on the collection at chanel-news.com/-fall-winter-rtw-2017, The story of the Fall-Winter 2016/17 Ready-to-Wear show.
Shot in Paris the day of the show, see the collection on chanel.com/-fall-winter-rtw-2017, Video of the Fall-Winter 2016/17 Ready-to-Wear show presented yesterday at the Grand Palais in Paris.
See the collection on chanel.com/-fall-winter-rtw-2017, Front Row Only.
Finale from the Fall-Winter 2016/17 Ready-to-Wear show at the Grand Palais in Paris.
View all of the looks on chanel.com/-fall-winter-rtw-2017, The Coco Case Show 3
Spring-Summer 2016 Ready-to-Wear collection, The Coco Case Show 2
Spring-Summer 2016 Ready-to-Wear collection, The Coco Case Show 1
Spring-Summer 2016 Ready-to-Wear collection., "It’s clothes that can go all over the world" - Karl Lagerfeld
Spring-Summer 2016 Silhouettes., Spring-Summer 2016 collection, TAKE 2.
Lineisy Montero and Mica Arganaraz filmed in Brooklyn, NYC., Spring-Summer 2016 collection, TAKE 1. 
Lineisy Montero and Mica Arganaraz filmed in Brooklyn, NYC., SUBLIMAGE La Crème, an infinite regenerating power crafted from the ephemeral. 
Discover the novelty of SUBLIMAGE at chanel.com/-Sublimagelacreme, CHANEL made an extraordinary discovery at the heart of Madagascar: the power of Éphémères of Planifolia.
Discover the novelty of SUBLIMAGE on chanel.com/-SublimageNovelty, The "Coco Case" presented by Carine Roitfeld and Karl Lagerfeld for the Spring-Summer 2016 Ready-to-Wear collection., Explore “The Vocabulary of Fashion,” Chapter 14 of Inside CHANEL.
inside-chanel.com, “CHANEL is a vocabulary, a set of canons, a discipline. A grammar.”
Discover “The Vocabulary of Fashion,” Chapter 14 of Inside CHANEL on February 22nd., The 5 shaving commandments: sharpen your style with the new BLEU DE CHANEL shaving collection.
chanel.com/-ShavingCommandments, Give a special colour to this Valentine’s Day.
chanel.com/-BleudeChanel, Time for a crush.
Discover the COCO CRUSH collection in our boutiques and on chanel.com/-cococrush, This is Haute Couture according to CHANEL.
View Chapter 13 of Inside CHANEL on inside-chanel.com, “These are the secrets of CHANEL Haute Couture, whispered from generation to generation.” View Chapter 13 of Inside CHANEL, “Haute Couture.”
Discover more on inside-chanel.com, “For this Haute Couture jacket, combine: 130 hours of craftsmanship under the watchful eye of Madame Jacqueline, head seamstress...”
Chapter 13 of Inside CHANEL premiering tomorrow., “For this Haute Couture jacket, combine: One stroke of Karl Lagerfeld's genius...” Chapter 13 of Inside CHANEL coming soon on inside-chanel.com, “For this Haute Couture jacket, combine: One touch of Mademoiselle's spirit...” Chapter 13 of Inside CHANEL coming soon on inside-chanel.com, View the making of the Spring-Summer 2016 Haute Couture collection., The story of the Spring-Summer 2016 Haute Couture show., Video of the Spring-Summer 2016 Haute Couture show.
See more backstage photos on chanel-news.com/-spring-summer-2016-hc, Finale from the Spring-Summer 2016 Haute Couture show, presented at the Grand Palais in Paris.
View all of the looks on chanel.com/-spring-summer-2016-hc, Flowering anew in jewelry form, the iconic CHANEL camélia glitters with statement chic. A collection steeped with style and diamond blooms on chanel.com/-winter2016camelia, A new CHANCE to play with. Discover CHANCE EAU VIVE on chanel.com/-Chance, Glittering with diamonds and edgier than ever, the comet sparkles in a jewelry collection designed to be worn with attitude.
Be dazzled by rock 'n' roll chic on chanel.com/-winter2016comete, Light as a feather, dazzling with diamonds. The feather motif adorns breezy jewelry that glitters with breathtaking refinement.
Let the collection set your heart aflutter on chanel.com/-winter2016plume, Which LES BEIGES ritual is made for you today?
Answer a few questions on chanel.com/-lesbeiges-beautyquiz to discover more., The new LES BEIGES healthy glow foundation. Natural is a style.
chanel.com/-lesbeiges-healthyglow-foundation, Dare a red-carpet look.
Discover the tutorial on chanel.com/-spring-tutorial, It’s time for a color trip. Discover the L.A. SUNRISE COLLECTION on chanel.com/-spring-collection, A new wave of color. Surf on chanel.com/-LA-Sunrise to discover the L.A. SUNRISE COLLECTION., Spring-Summer 2016 Ready-to-Wear campaign photographed by Karl Lagerfeld featuring Lineisy Montero Feliz and Mica Arganaraz.
Discover the collection in boutiques in March.
See more photos of the campaign on chanel-news.com/-spring-summer-2016-rtw-campaign, If you love it, put a wrap on it. #THEONETHATIWANT chanel.com/-N5, Inside the Maisons d’Art for the Paris in Rome 2015/16 Métiers d'Art collection., View the behind the scenes film of the Paris in Rome 2015/16 Métiers d'Art show., Backstage at the Paris in Rome 2015/16 Métiers d'Art show.
See more backstage photos on chanel-news.com/-parisinrome-2015-16

Photo Credit: Teatro N°5 - Cinecittà Studios - Rome, Finale from the Paris in Rome 2015/16 Métiers d'Art show, presented at Teatro N°5, Cinecittà.
View the show video on chanel.com/-parisinrome-2015-16, View “Once and Forever,” the new film by Karl Lagerfeld, starring Kristen Stewart and Geraldine Chaplin., CHANEL GIFTER.
Encounter the perfect gift. chanel.com/-gifter, "Once and Forever" Trailer
Karl Lagerfeld's new short film that goes behind the scenes during the making of a biopic on Gabrielle Chanel, starring Kristen Stewart, Géraldine Chaplin, Jérémie Elkaïm, François Marthouret, Amanda Harlech, Jamie Bochert, Jake Davies, Baptiste Giabiconi and Laura Brown.
The film will premiere at Cinecittà and on chanel.com/-onceandforever on December 1st to coincide with the presentation of the Paris-Rome 2015/16 Métiers d'Art collection., Karl Lagerfeld's upcoming film "Once and Forever" featuring Kristen Stewart and Geraldine Chaplin will premiere at Cinecitta and on chanel.com/-onceandforever on December 1st., N°5. Give the world's most desirable perfume. #THEONETHATIWANT chanel.com/-N5, Château Canon, a "Grand Cru by CHANEL." The 2015 harvest has ended with an exceptional vintage wine.
Discover the 1st Grand Cru St. Emilion, property of CHANEL for 20 years.
chateaucanon.com, The spirit of the Cruise 2015/16 collection, now available in boutiques.
See more on chanel.com/-Cruise-2015-16-Details, Calling the spirit of ROUGE NOIR.
chanel.com/-christmascollection, Seoul and New York by Soo Joo.
Born in Seoul, the model moved to New York when she was 10 years old..., MADEMOISELLE PRIVÉ EXHIBITION FINAL WEEK
From now through November 1st, the exhibition will be open until 10pm (except Sundays 8pm).
mademoiselleprive.chanel.com, Cruise 2015/16 campaign shot by Karl Lagerfeld, featuring Charlotte Free, Stella Lucia, and Kitty Hayes. Discover the collection in boutiques in November.
See more photos of the campaign on chanel-news.com/-cruise-2015-16-campaign, View the film of the Mademoiselle Privé exhibition opening at the Saatchi Gallery, London., Jemima Kirke attending the Mademoiselle Privé opening last night at the Saatchi Gallery in London.
See more pictures of the opening party on chanel-news.com/-mademoiselleprive-london, Behind the scenes of the Spring-Summer 2016 Ready-to-Wear show.
View the full show video on chanel.com/-spring-summer-rtw-2016, Backstage at the Spring-Summer 2016 Ready-to-Wear show.
See more photos on chanel-news.com/-spring-summer-2016, How do you love? Take the Coco Quiz on chanel.com/-rougecoco, Spring-Summer 2016 Ready-to-Wear show.
Tuesday, October 6th, 2015 at the Grand Palais, Paris.

Follow the show on the new CHANEL Fashion application.

App Store: itunes.apple.com/en/app/chanel-mode/id409934435?mt=8

Google Play: play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.chanel.fashion.public, On September 30th, 1928, Mademoiselle Chanel designed, built and decorated the villa La Pausa in the South of France. 
Today, CHANEL is pleased to announce the acquisition of La Pausa from where the culture and values of CHANEL will radiate. #ChanelLaPausa, The Mademoiselle Privé exhibition will open in London at the Saatchi Gallery on October 13th.
More information on mademoiselleprive.chanel.com, Receive the CHANEL BEAUTY GUIDE at your local counter and experience the CHANEL beauty routine for yourself.
chanel.com/-storelocator
*While supplies last., 1, 2, 3, 4, 5… Don’t miss a single step of the CHANEL morning beauty routine. chanel.com/-thechanelbeautyguide-in5steps, Gently awaken your beauty every morning with CHANEL.
chanel.com/-thechanelbeautyguide, Mademoiselle Privé, new CHANEL exhibition - Opening October 13th, Saatchi Gallery, London.
More information on mademoiselleprive.chanel.com, The CHANEL slingback stories.
View the Fall-Winter 2015 shoe collection at chanel.com/-slingback, Making of the 2015 Eyewear Pearl Collection campaign featuring Lily-Rose Depp. More information on the collection at chanel.com/-eyewear-campaign-2015, Visit the BOY•FRIEND pop-up in New York City. Sept. 11-13, 11 am-8 pm at 446 W. 14th St. Learn more about the new BOY•FRIEND watch on chanel.com/-boyfriend-us, Details of the Fall-Winter 2015/16 collection, now available in boutiques.
More information on chanel.com/-fall-winter-2015-16, BLUE RHYTHM DE CHANEL sings a chorus in blue.
Discover all of the notes of BLUE RHYTHM at chanel.com/-blue-rhythm, Lily-Rose Depp, the new face of the Fall-Winter 2015/16 eyewear campaign., The story of the Fall-Winter 2015/16 Haute Couture show., "All of the people you see here are friends. They all loved the idea."
Karl Lagerfeld, View the full CHANEL Fall-Winter 2015/16 Haute Couture show., Finale from the Fall-Winter 2015/16 Haute Couture show.
See more photos on chanel-news.com/-FW-HauteCouture-2015-16, Fall-Winter 2015/16 Haute Couture show.
Tuesday, July 7th, 2015 at the Grand Palais, Paris., Discover the new LES BEIGES collection for a healthy glow in any season. chanel.com/-lesbeiges2015, CHANCE has several faces. Choose yours. chanel.com/-ChanceChanel, A new CHANCE to keep your eye on!
chanel.com/-ChanceEauVive, A new CHANCE is yours. Don't let it pass you by. chance.chanel.com, Details of the Paris-Salzburg Métiers d'Art collection, now available in boutiques. More information on chanel.com/-paris-salzburg-details, Cécile de France at the 68th Cannes International Film Festival closing ceremony, who presented the Palme d'Or, wearing a long dress embroidered with grey pearls from the Fall-Winter 2013/14 Haute Couture collection., Natasha Poly at the Vanity Fair (France) & CHANEL dinner that took place during the 2015 Cannes Film Festival at Tetou restaurant near Cannes on May 20th. See more pictures on chanel-news.com, Anaïs Demoustier at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival wearing a white cotton dress with a gold leather belt from the Spring-Summer 2015 Ready-to-Wear collection.

Photo: CHANEL / Getty Images, Discover luxury and pleasure with the new COLLECTION MÉDITERRANÉE now on chanel.com/-summer2015, Julianne Moore at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival wearing a lavender tweed dress, look 11 from the Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2014/15 collection., For the screening of Mad Max: Fury Road at the 2015 Cannes Film Festival, actress Courtney Eaton wore a dress embroidered with dark grey sequins and a grey chiffon ruffle skirt.

Look 34, from the Fall-Winter 2014/15 Haute-Couture collection
CHANEL Fine Jewelry "Broadway" earring in 18K white gold and diamonds and "Perle de Rosée" bracelet in 18K white gold, diamonds, spinels, moonstones and cultured pearls
CHANEL Make up

Photo: CHANEL / Getty Images, For the opening ceremony of the 2015 Cannes Film Festival, Sophie Marceau, member of the jury, wore a long black tulle dress embroidered with silver sequins, a matching skirt and a black satin belt.

Photo: CHANEL / Getty Images
Look 51 from the Fall-Winter 2011/12 Haute-Couture collection
CHANEL Make up, N°5 EAU PREMIÈRE inspires a limited-edition collection of graphic cases. More on chanel.com/-N5EauPremiere, From Paris to Seoul, the story of the Cruise 2015/16 collection., The first look at the Cruise 2015/16 show.
Watch the full film on chanel-news.com/-cruise-2015-16, Backstage at the Cruise 2015/16 show.
See more photos on chanel-news.com/-cruise-2015-16, Finale from the Cruise 2015/16 show.
See more photos on chanel-news.com/-cruise-2015-16, The Cruise 2015/16 show will be held on May 4th, 2015 at the Dongdaemun Design Plaza in the center of Seoul., Kristen Stewart photographed by Karl Lagerfeld for the Spring-Summer 2015 eyewear campaign. More on chanel-news.com, View the private concert performed by Pharrell Williams, featuring Cara Delevingne, at the Métiers d’Art Paris-Salzburg presentation in New York., View the film of the Métiers d’Art Paris-Salzburg presentation in New York., Finale from the Métiers d’Art Paris-Salzburg presentation in New York. 
See more photos on chanel-news.com/-paris-salzburg-ny, Expressing the CHANEL High Jewelry know-how and creativity, LES ÉTERNELLES DE CHANEL is a collection of timeless watches, enhanced by the sparkle of gems. Inspired by the symbols dear to Gabrielle Chanel, these true jewels reveal their hidden dial with a movement of the hand., Highly technical, especially designed for women. Expressing CHANEL’s exceptional watchmaking expertise, the J12 Skeleton Flying Tourbillon watches feature a delicate openwork dial adorned with a precious, diamond-set star to highlight the beauty of their Haute Horlogerie movement., A distinctive dial, finely hand-embroidered with pearls, gold and diamonds: introducing Mademoiselle Privé embroidered by Maison Lesage. Borrowing its technique from the Métiers d’Art of Haute Couture, this collection of highly creative watches was crafted by CHANEL Horlogerie in partnership with the artisans of Maison Lesage., CHANEL is at Baselworld, the largest international watch event of the year, until March 26th. For its 12th consecutive participation, CHANEL presents Mademoiselle Privé embroidered by Maison Lesage, a unique collection of precious timepieces featuring a sophisticated hand-embroidered dial., The Spring-Summer 2015 Ready-to-Wear collection is now available in boutiques. More information on chanel.com, Backstage at the Grand Palais for the Fall-Winter 2015/16 Ready-to-Wear show. See more pictures on chanel-news.com/-fall-winter-2015-16-rtw, View the full CHANEL Fall-Winter 2015/16 Ready-to-Wear show., Fall-Winter 2015/16 Ready-to-Wear show.
See more photos on chanel-news.com/-fall-winter-2015-16-rtw, Fall-Winter 2015/16 Ready-to-Wear show.
Tuesday, March 10th, 2015 at the Grand Palais, Paris., Who do you love?
Take the Coco Quiz to find the ultimate answer. 
chanel.com/-rougecoco, Keira Knightley loves Coco.
Discover the new ROUGE COCO lipstick campaign.
chanel.com/-rougecoco, Kristen Stewart, Vanessa Paradis, and Alice Dellal are the faces of the new handbag campaign. Discover the story of the iconic handbags on chanel-news.com/-3Girls3Bags, Keira Knightley at the 2015 Academy Awards.
Makeup by CHANEL Celebrity Makeup Artist Kate Lee.
Explore the look on chanel.com/-redcarpet2015, You have a date with Arthur this Valentine’s Day.
chanel.com/-rougecoco, Opening of the 2015 Andam Fashion Award Competition in Paris., Exclusive preview: be among the first to discover the hydrating new ROUGE COCO lip colour in 29 vibrant shades, named for Coco Chanel and the friends, artists and lovers who inspired her. 
Shop the new ROUGE COCO lip colour on chanel.com/-rccexclusive, BLEU DE CHANEL.
The view of a man who decides the scenario of his own life.
Watch the interview on chanel.com/-Interview, BLEU DE CHANEL. The fragrance of a man who sees further. 
Discover the Eau de Parfum on chanel.com/-EaudeParfum, BLEU DE CHANEL. Close up on a man who decides to become himself. 
More on www.chanel.com/-BleudeChanel, See the making of the Spring-Summer 2015 Haute Couture collection video., Backstage at the Grand Palais for the Spring-Summer 2015 Haute Couture show. See more pictures on chanel-news.com/-Spring-Summer-2015-HC, Finale from the Spring-Summer 2015 Haute Couture show.
See more photos on chanel-news.com/-Spring-Summer-2015-HC, Spring-Summer 2015 Haute Couture show.
Tuesday, January 27th, 2015 at the Grand Palais, Paris., Beauty begins with radiance.
Discover now on hydrabeauty.chanel.com, A palette of colors gathered in Parisian gardens.
Two uplifting looks to discover on chanel.com/-SpringCollection, The definition is waiting for you at dreaming2074.com, Take a time-travel journey to the year 2074 at dreaming2074.com, Spring-Summer 2015 Ready-to-Wear Campaign 
Gisele Bündchen has been photographed by Karl Lagerfeld for the new Spring-Summer 2015 advertising campaign.
See all images on chanel-news.com/-SS2015-campaign, Extend the 2074 experience at rever2074.com, According to Gabrielle Chanel, black and white are “the perfect match.” Their elegant contrast inspires a collection of graphic jewels.
More on chanel.com/-Ultra, View the making of the Métiers d’Art 2014/15 Paris-Salzburg collection., Watch the film of the CHANEL Métiers d'Art 2014/15 show in Salzburg, Austria., Backstage at the Métiers d'Art Paris-Salzburg show. 
See more backstage pictures on chanel-news.com/-paris-salzburg-2014-15, Finale at the Métiers d'Art Paris-Salzburg show, presented today at the Schloss Leopoldskron, Austria.
See more photos on chanel-news.com/-paris-salzburg-2014-15, See “Reincarnation,” the new short film by Karl Lagerfeld, featuring Pharrell Williams, Cara Delevingne and Géraldine Chaplin., Métiers d’Art 2014/15 Paris-Salzburg show

The collection will be presented on Tuesday, December 2nd at the 18th century Schloss Leopoldskron, one of the most notable rococo palaces in Austria., "Reincarnation" will be screened in Salzburg and on chanel.com on December 1st, 2014 the night before the Paris-Salzburg 2014/15 Métiers d'art show. More on chanel-news.com, Get swept away by COLLECTION PLUMES PRÉCIEUSES DE CHANEL, and experience an illuminating makeup lesson from Lisa Eldridge.
Discover more on chanel.com/-LisaEldridge-Christmas2014Makeup, Christmas 2014: COLLECTION PLUMES PRÉCIEUSES DE CHANEL
Subtly iridescent makeup for a flamboyant effect.
More on chanel.com/-Christmas2014MakeupCollection, The Cruise 2014/15 collection is now available in boutiques.
More information on chanel.com/-Cruise-2014-15, Dreaming 2074, revealed! A world imagined by French luxury in 7 sci-fi short stories www.dreaming2074.com, In six days, a noventique surprise! Go to www.dreaming2074.com, Featuring arctic blue and luminous numbers, the J12 Blue Light watch introduces color on one of the most emblematic CHANEL watches.
More on www.chanel.com/-J12BlueLight, Discover the behind the scenes of the new N°5 film directed by Baz Luhrmann. View the different chapters on www.youtube.com/chanel, Discover Gisele Bündchen behind the scenes for the new N°5 campaign.
View the film on www.chanel.com/-N5, The world’s most desirable perfume. N°5 #THEONETHATIWANT
Discover more on www.chanel.com/-N5, The new film. N°5 #THEONETHATIWANT
Discover more on www.chanel.com/-N5, More to come.
#THEONETHATIWANT , N°5. More to come. October 15th
#THEONETHATIWANT, The Cruise 2014/15 campaign photographed by Karl Lagerfeld, featuring Joan Smalls and Hudson Kroenig.
See all images and the making-of on www.chanel-news.com, Charlotte Free photographed by Karl Lagerfeld for the Fall-Winter 2014 Eyewear campaign.
See the collection on www.chanel.com/-eyewear-fw-2014-collection, Take a dare.
Intense color and lacquered shine of the new ROUGE ALLURE GLOSS with two looks created by Lisa Eldridge., ROUGE ALLURE GLOSS. A new way to declare yourself with color.
www.chanel.com, Will the search for synesthesia online be even more immatérialiste tomorrow? Click to find out more. www.dreaming2074.com, Backstage at the Grand Palais for the Spring-Summer 2015 Ready-to-Wear show. See more pictures on www.chanel-news.com/-spring-summer-2015-rtw, View the full CHANEL Spring-Summer 2015 Ready-to-Wear show., The Spring-Summer 2015 Ready-to-Wear show in Paris.
See more photos on www.chanel-news.com/-spring-summer-2015-rtw, Spring-Summer 2015 Ready-to-Wear show.
Tuesday, September 30th, 2014 at the Grand Palais, Paris., Will all luxury crafts be calliphore? Start the video to find out www.dreaming2074.com, From 1980 onward, the brilliant red CHANEL nail colors set the tone and became cult products. Re-released in identical versions, the ROUGES CULTE nail colors by CHANEL represent "made in Paris" chic. 
More on www.chanel.com/-lesrougesculte, Rediscover the five legendary locations where the story of CHANEL continues to be written.
Watch “Paris by Chanel,” Chapter 12 of Inside CHANEL., N°4, place Vendôme.
Open the door of 18, place Vendôme, housing CHANEL Fine Jewelry collections since 1997.
View “Paris by Chanel,” Chapter 12 of Inside CHANEL on www.inside-chanel.com, N°3, the Ritz.
Indulge at the Ritz, where Gabrielle Chanel takes residence in 1937.
View “Paris by Chanel,” Chapter 12 of Inside CHANEL on www.inside-chanel.com, N°2, the apartment.
Leave the black and white sobriety of the salons and enter the baroque world of Mademoiselle’s apartment.
View “Paris by Chanel,” Chapter 12 of Inside CHANEL on www.inside-chanel.com, N°1, rue Cambon.
Immerse yourself in the rue Cambon, where it all began.
View “Paris by Chanel,” Chapter 12 of Inside CHANEL on
www.inside-chanel.com, Five numbers. CHANEL. Paris.
From Gabrielle Chanel to Karl Lagerfeld, discover the mythical places that forged the legend of the House of CHANEL., “Paris by Chanel,” Chapter 12 of Inside CHANEL premiering tomorrow., What will imagique experiences look like in 2074? Start the video to find out more. www.dreaming2074.com, Immerse yourself in the universe of #CULTURECHANEL, The Sense of Places with Jean-Louis Froment, Curator of the exhibition., Focus on the Fall-Winter 2014/15 Ready-to-Wear collection.
Now available in boutiques. More information on www.chanel.com/-Fall-Winter-2014-collection, View the #CULTURECHANEL exhibition, The Sense of Places at the DDP in Seoul., The CHANEL Fall-Winter 2014/15 sneaker will be available in boutiques and at Colette from September 8th, 2014.
CHANEL, 31 rue Cambon, 75001 Paris
Colette, 213 rue Saint Honoré, 75001 Paris (until October 4th, 2014), Bel-être is something that only a few people will be able to achieve, click to learn its definition www.dreaming2074.com, On August 29th, more than 700 guests celebrated the opening of The #CULTURECHANEL exhibition, The Sense of Places at the DDP in Seoul, Korea., Follow Lisa Eldridge's simple steps to reveal a luminous complexion., The new VITALUMIÈRE LOOSE POWDER FOUNDATION: infuse your complexion with light. More on www.chanel.com, Through black… a woman’s light revealed.
Discover COCO NOIR on www.chanel.com, Ready to color your emotions? Explore the new fall makeup collection with Lisa Eldridge., Color your emotions this fall with the new CHANEL makeup collection.
www.chanel.com, "Coco Coach," The Fall-Winter 2014 Campaign
Cara Delevingne & Binx Walton photographed by Karl Lagerfeld for the advertising campaign of the Fall-Winter 2014 collection.
See all images and the making-of the ad campaign video on www.chanel.com/-FW2014Collection, Café Society: discover the new High Jewelry Collection hour after hour., Natural eyes transformed into smoky eyes.
Two looks defined by Lisa Eldridge with the new LES 4 OMBRES., Lisa Eldridge reveals the secret to transform natural eyes into intense eyes with the new LES 4 OMBRES., The classic CHANEL tweed reinvented as 8 versatile color harmonies. From natural day to sultry night, find your harmony with LES 4 OMBRES., Keep your eyes on CHANEL.
Introducing the new LES 4 OMBRES harmonies in the colors of tweed.
More on http://les4ombres.chanel.com, Play your harmony!
Discover your perfect palette with CHANEL LES 4 OMBRES., Backstage at the Fall-Winter 2014/15 Haute Couture show.
See more backstage photos on www.chanel-news.com, View the full CHANEL Fall-Winter 2014/15 Haute Couture show., Finale at the CHANEL Fall-Winter 2014/15 Haute Couture show.
View more pictures on www.chanel-news.com, Fall-Winter 2014/15 Haute Couture show.
Tuesday, July 8th, 2014 at the Grand Palais, Paris., Laura Love at the CHANEL Aspen ephemeral boutique opening on June 26th. More on the Paris-Dallas 2013/14 Métiers d'Art Collection at www.chanel.com/-Paris-Dallas-Collection-US, CULTURE CHANEL Exhibition

From August 30th until October 5th 2014, the Dongdaemun Design Plaza in Seoul will host a new exhibition entitled, CULTURE CHANEL, The Sense of Places. The new design museum, inaugurated in March 2014, is the creation of architect Zaha Hadid., Embrace the allure of the new J12 watch on www.chanel.com/-J12-365, A bright and sunny look, perfect for the new season. Discover the color collection from CHANEL with Lisa Eldridge., Jump straight into summer with the CHANEL color collection., Bring your summer alive with the color collection from CHANEL.
www.chanel.com, Paris-Dallas-Tokyo
The Film, Tokyo, June 4th
G-Dragon at the replica of the "Paris-Dallas" show held at Toranomon Hills, Tokyo, Japan. More pictures on www.chanel-news.com, Embroider, Sew, Pleat, Assemble.
Film on the making-of the "Paris-Dallas" collection in the Métiers d'Art ateliers.
The collection is now available in boutiques. More information on www.chanel.com/-Paris-Dallas-Collection, Makeup artist Lisa Eldridge interprets LES BEIGES and reveals the radiance of a fresh and natural complexion that only a day outdoors can offer., In a few simple steps, makeup artist Lisa Eldridge transforms her healthy daytime glow into evening makeup with LES BEIGES., LES BEIGES creates a natural lifestyle, day and night, with transcending variations in light., LES BEIGES. Natural is a style, day and night.
More on www.chanel.com, Of the five CHANEL emblematic colors, Beige is the color of the great outdoors, and of a complexion with a natural healthy glow. Discover tomorrow why natural is a style with a new take on LES BEIGES., Five emblematic colors, five inspirations, five CHANEL codes. One signature., Because it is the color of passion, of courage, of fire and of energy.
“The Colors,” Chapter 11 of Inside CHANEL premiering tomorrow., Because it embraces both the genuine and the faux.
“The Colors,” Chapter 11 of Inside CHANEL coming May 23rd., Because it is warm, simple, natural.
“The Colors,” Chapter 11 of Inside CHANEL coming May 23rd., Because in the beginning there was white.
“The Colors,” Chapter 11 of Inside CHANEL coming May 23rd., Because it accentuates the essential.
“The Colors,” Chapter 11 of Inside CHANEL coming May 23rd., Black. White. Beige. Gold. Red.
Chapter 11 of Inside CHANEL, coming soon., Backstage at the Cruise 2014/15 show in Dubai.
See more photos on www.chanel-news.com, Finale at the Cruise 2014/15 show in Dubai. More pictures on www.chanel-news.com, Cruise 2014/15
The CHANEL Cruise 2014/15 show will take place in Dubai on Tuesday, May 13th, J12 Intense Black.
Matte black dial, glossy black numerals, ultra black chic.
Intensely black on www.chanel.com/-J12IntenseBlack, N°5 EAU PREMIÈRE. Rediscover absolute femininity with a new expression of the eternal fragrance. More on www.chanel.com, “This suits me because it is very American.” - Kristen Stewart
The young actress was photographed by Karl Lagerfeld for the advertising campaign of the Métiers d’Art Paris-Dallas collection.
See all images and the making-of the advertising campaign shooting on www.chanel-news.com, Celebrities attend the 9th annual CHANEL Tribeca Film Festival Artists dinner at Balthazar., Timeless. Simple. Refined. More on www.chanel.com/-PremiereWatch, Alice Dellal for the CHANEL Spring-Summer 2014 eyewear ad campaign.
See the collection on www.chanel.com/-Eyewear-Spring-Summer-2014-collection, Luminous, light and natural.
A new definition of a perfect complexion with a light touch by Lisa Eldridge starring the new PERFECTION LUMIÈRE VELVET foundation., Lisa Eldridge shows you that a perfectly natural complexion can be achieved by all women with the new PERFECTION LUMIÈRE VELVET foundation., Spotlight on a new definition of perfection by CHANEL., A new definition of perfection.
www.chanel.com, The CHANEL moment., The allure of a CHANEL watch is instantly recognizable., Intuitive and liberated. COCO MADEMOISELLE is the author of her own life, because a unique destiny is nothing without passion.
More on www.chanel.com, COCO MADEMOISELLE – a fragrance, an icon.
More on www.chanel.com, The portrait of a woman with a unique and carefree style., Where is she now?
COCO MADEMOISELLE, new chapter premiering tomorrow., Show off your color.
Wear the color and texture that matches your every mood! There are no rules… New COLLECTION VARIATION DE CHANEL., LE ROUGE, set your emotions free., LE ROUGE, an assertion of character. 
Declare yourself in color: www.chanel.com, Details of Spring-Summer 2014 Ready-to-Wear.
The collection is now available in boutiques. More information on www.chanel.com/-Spring-Summer-2014-RTW, Backstage at the Grand Palais for the Fall-Winter 2014/15 Ready-to-Wear show. See more pictures on www.chanel-news.com, View the full Fall-Winter 2014/15 Ready-to-Wear show., Finale at the Fall-Winter 2014/15 show in Paris. 
See more photos on www.chanel-news.com, Fall-Winter 2014/15 Ready-to-Wear
The invitation, Make your move. A surprising new way to explore CHANCE., Discover a world of new possibilities. Make your move, take your CHANCE.
http://chance.chanel.com, Make your move in the playful world of CHANCE.
http://chance.chanel.com, The CHANEL Spring-Summer backpack is now available in boutiques and at Colette from February 24th to March 8th, 2014.
CHANEL, 31 rue Cambon, 75001 Paris
Colette, 213 rue Saint Honoré, 75001 Paris, Actresses Alicia Vikander and Sai Bennett wearing CHANEL on the red carpet at the 67th BAFTA awards in London., Karl Lagerfeld has chosen Alice Dellal for the next Eyewear campaign, to be unveiled in 2014., SPOTTED, the Camélia Galbé Fine Jewelry collection on www.chanel.com/-CameliaGalbe, Unconventional, sensual, emblematic.
The most sought-after Fine Jewelry collection., Lisa Eldridge creates a fresh and vibrant look with the new Spring 2014 makeup collection., Free and soaring, spring sets the tone on www.chanel.com, Vibrant, surging, soaring… Color sets the tone with rhythmic makeup.
Discover the collection on www.chanel.com, Details of the Spring-Summer 2014 Haute Couture collection, Backstage at the Grand Palais for the Spring-Summer 2014 Haute Couture show. See more pictures on www.chanel-news.com, View the full Spring-Summer 2014 Haute Couture show., Finale of the Spring-Summer 2014 Haute Couture show.
See more photos on www.chanel-news.com, Spring-Summer 2014 Haute Couture show
Tuesday January 21st at the Grand Palais, Paris, The lion is the spirit of CHANEL.
View Chapter 10 of Inside CHANEL, “The Lion.“, The lion is Coco.
Gabrielle Chanel made Venice her city. As the symbol of Saint Mark the Evangelist, the city’s patron saint, her encounter with the lion was more than just mere coincidence. It would become the sign of her destiny and a means of retying the broken threads of her life.
“The Lion,” Chapter 10 of Inside CHANEL, premiering tomorrow., The lion is an inspiration.
Making its first appearance in CHANEL Fine Jewelry in 2012, the High Jewelry collection “Sous le Signe du Lion” showcases Gabrielle Chanel’s emblematic animal in a collection of 58 exceptional pieces.
“The Lion,” Chapter 10 of Inside CHANEL, premiering January 16th., The lion is an emblem.
Gabrielle Chanel made her Zodiac sign a recurrent symbol among the décor of her Rue Cambon apartment, most notably the lion of Venice with its paw posed on a globe of the world. Mademoiselle would also use it as an emblem in her fashion creations, to decorate the buttons of her suits or the clasps of her handbags.
“The Lion,” Chapter 10 of Inside CHANEL, premiering January 16th., The lion is majestic.
As king of the Zodiac, embodying strength and beauty, the lion occupies a very particular place in the imaginary world of Gabrielle Chanel.
“The Lion,” Chapter 10 of Inside CHANEL, premiering January 16th., The lion is a constellation. 
Gabrielle Chanel, born August 19th under the fifth sign of the Zodiac, the Leo, was greatly attached to signs, symbols and numbers, and loved to surround herself with all kinds of objects and lucky charms. 
“The Lion,” Chapter 10 of Inside CHANEL, premiering January 16th., “The Lion,” Chapter 10 of Inside CHANEL, premiering January 16th., CHANEL wishes you a Happy New Year 2014., CHANEL wishes you a Happy Holiday season., Backstage at the Paris-Dallas 2013/14 Métiers d'Art show.
See more pictures on www.chanel-news.com, View the full video of the Paris-Dallas 2013/14 Métiers d'Art show. More on www.chanel-news.com, Photo from yesterday's 2013/14 Métiers d'Art "Paris-Dallas" show at Dallas Fair Park.
See more photos on www.chanel-news.com, Watch the making of Karl Lagerfeld's upcoming film, “The Return” featuring Geraldine Chaplin in the role of Gabrielle Chanel. This new film imagined, written and directed by Karl Lagerfeld, premiered in Dallas on December 10th as an introduction to the 2013/14 Métiers d'Art fashion show.
To watch the movie "The Return," visit www.chanel.com/-the-return, Give Unforgettably.
Make your gift memorable with an array of iconic favorites. Explore gifts with distinction: www.chanel.com/-GiveUnforgettably, Give Extravagantly.
Indulge her with a lavish gesture. Shop holiday treasures: www.chanel.com/-GiveExtravagantly, Give Boldly.
Make a statement with an extraordinary offering. Shop striking gifts for the season: www.chanel.com/-GiveBoldly, Give Beautifully.
Delight the senses with a glamorous gift. Explore the holiday gift guide: www.chanel.com/-GiveBeautifully, The invitation by Karl Lagerfeld for the 2013/14 Métiers d'Art show "Paris-Dallas" that will take place on December 10th.
An occasion to revisit the strong bond that linked the French designer to the United States.
Discover the story of Coco Chanel in Dallas, Texas in October 1957 on www.chanel-news.com, See the preview of The Return, the film by Karl Lagerfeld, with Geraldine Chaplin in the role of Gabrielle Chanel, Rupert Everett, Anna Mouglalis, Lady Amanda Harlech, Arielle Dombasle.
Watch The Return on www.chanel.com from December 10th, simultaneously to its premiere screening in Dallas at 6.30PM local time, before the 2013/14 Métiers d'Art fashion show., New teaser with Geraldine Chaplin playing Coco Chanel in "The Return."
Discover behind the scene features of The Return, Karl Lagerfeld's upcoming film, with the interview of Geraldine Chaplin, who will be playing Gabrielle Chanel. The film will premiere in Dallas, Texas, on December 10th, prior to the 2013/14 Métiers d'Art fashion show entitled "Paris-Dallas.", The MADEMOISELLE PRIVÉ "Camélia brodé" watch realized with the House of Lesage was elected best in the “Artistic Crafts Watch” category at the 2013 Grand Prix d’Horlogerie de Genève.
The new jewelry watch collection, MADEMOISELLE PRIVÉ, opens the door to the intimate world of Gabrielle Chanel, and showcases her most cherished symbols and objects.
In the hands of the finest master artisans – enamellers, engravers, carvers and stone-setters – this new collection adds yet another chapter to CHANEL’s creative saga, and uncovers new grounds for expressing unsurpassed skill and know-how of the Métiers d'Art craftsmanship used in Fine Watchmaking and High Jewelry.

Discover the collection on www.chanel.com/-MademoisellePrive, All of the truth about Marilyn Monroe and N°5 on www.inside-chanel.com, What is the truth about N°5?
All of the truth on www.inside-chanel.com

Photo: Ed Feingersh © Michael Ochs Archives/ Getty Images, All of the truth on www.inside-chanel.com, The Return is a film imagined, written and directed by Karl Lagerfeld. It will premiere in Dallas, Texas, on December 10th 2013, before the Paris-Dallas 2013/14 Métiers d'Art runway show in Dallas Fair Park, a historical exhibition venue with art deco architecture situated in the heart of the city.

The Return features Geraldine Chaplin in the role of Gabrielle Chanel alongside Rupert Everett, Anna Mouglalis, Lady Amanda Harlech, Arielle Dombasle and Kati Nescher, as well as Vincent Darré and Sam McKnight.

See the first teaser with Rupert Everett on www.chanel-news.com, The Cruise 2013/14 campaign photographed by Karl Lagerfeld, see the collection on www.chanel.com/-cruise-2013-14, Discover the latest Ultra pieces in black and white. This time, with diamonds.
More on www.chanel.com/-UltraRing, Opening of The Little Black Jacket exhibition in Singapore., Karolina Kurkova, Ju Xiao Wen, Soo Joo & Alma Jodorowsky at the opening of the photographic exhibition The Little Black Jacket in Singapore., Lisa Eldridge creates a dazzling makeup look for an endless evening with the new Christmas makeup collection Nuit Infinie de CHANEL., Look into the mirror to reveal your Christmas makeup look with the new Collection Nuit Infinie de CHANEL., null, Celebrities attend the 6th Annual Museum of Modern Art Film Benefit hosted by CHANEL on November 5th, 2013. The event, co-hosted by Karl Lagerfeld, Anna Wintour, David Bowie and Ralph Fiennes, was held in honor of Academy Award-winning actress, Tilda Swinton., Charming, mysterious or seductive?
Discover the new Christmas makeup collection Nuit Infinie de CHANEL, for a dazzling, endless evening.
www.chanel.com, Opening night for The Little Black Jacket exhibition in São Paulo

October 31st - December 1st
Parque do Ibirapuera - OCA - Museu da Cidade
Avenida Pedro Álvares Cabral
Access: gate 3
São Paulo
Free admission, Karl Lagerfeld at the inauguration of the photographic exhibition The Little Black Jacket in São Paulo, Brazil.

October 31st - December 1st
Parque do Ibirapuera - OCA - Museu da Cidade
Avenida Pedro Álvares Cabral
Access: gate 3
São Paulo
Free admission, CHANEL eyewear photographed by Karl Lagerfeld for the 2013 Prestige collection.
See the collection on www.chanel.com/-prestige-2013, The J12 watch now reaches new heights in its legendary history, offering a brand new voyage towards the moon.
Discover more on www.chanel.com/-J12Moonphase, Starting October 31st, São Paulo will be the first city in Latin America to host the photographic exhibition dedicated to Karl Lagerfeld's book, "The Little Black Jacket: CHANEL's classic revisited by Karl Lagerfeld and Carine Roitfeld."

October 31st - December 1st
Parque do Ibirapuera - OCA - Museu da Cidade
Avenida Pedro Álvares Cabral
Access: gate 3
São Paulo
Free admission, Discover our makeup revelations on Vitalumière Compact Douceur with the help of makeup artist, Lisa Eldridge.
More on http://makeup-revelations.chanel.com/, A complexion this soft and light – it’s incredible. 
The new Vitalumière Compact Douceur: everybody’s already talking about it.
http://makeup-revelations.chanel.com/, Are you sure? Incredible! Really?
http://makeup-revelations.chanel.com/, Can you keep the secret?
Discover the CHANEL makeup revelations on
http://makeup-revelations.chanel.com/, Sumptuous in its simplicity, naturally elegant, the camellia is a never-ending source of inspiration for CHANEL Fine Jewelry.
Discover the new creations entirely in gold and diamonds.
More on www.chanel.com/-camelia-collection, Celebrities at the Spring-Summer 2014 Ready-to-Wear show.
More on www.chanel-news.com, CHANEL Spring-Summer 2014 Ready-to-Wear. Watch the full show on www.chanel.com/-spring-summer-2014-rtw, See the Spring-Summer 2014 Ready-to-Wear show on
www.chanel.com/-spring-summer-2014, The Spring-Summer 2014 Ready-to-Wear show in Paris.
More photos on www.chanel-news.com, October 1st: Spring-Summer 2014 Ready-to-Wear show, CHANEL, Once Upon A Time... Five new films to recount a myth.
View on www.inside-chanel.com
Photo: © Cecil Beaton Studio Archive at Sotheby’s, “Chanel left us her style, instantly identifiable. It is timeless.” 
View "CHANEL by Karl," Chapter 9 of Inside CHANEL., Karl Lagerfeld on Coco Chanel: her childhood, her charisma, her legend and the indelible mark she left.
View "Coco by Karl," Chapter 8 of Inside CHANEL., Karl Lagerfeld reflects on the life of Gabrielle Chanel in “Coco by Karl.”  Chapter 8 of Inside CHANEL, premiering tomorrow., Details of the Fall-Winter 2013/14 Ready-to-Wear collection.
See the collection on www.chanel.com/-fashion, A woman becomes a legend. 
View Chapter 7 of Inside CHANEL, “Gabrielle Chanel.”, At 70 years old, Gabrielle Chanel makes a triumphant return to fashion. The new Inside CHANEL film, coming tomorrow., From a young girl to acclaimed couturière. 
View the ascent of “Mademoiselle,” Chapter 6 of Inside CHANEL., Once upon a time, Coco becomes "Mademoiselle."
Chapter 6 of Inside CHANEL, debuting tomorrow., Before becoming a legend, she was simply, ‘Coco.’ 
View Chapter 5 of Inside CHANEL, "Coco.", The story of a young orphan who reinvented herself and became Coco Chanel. “Coco,” Chapter 5 of Inside CHANEL, premiering tomorrow., Five new films revealing the woman behind the legend.
Chapter 5 of Inside CHANEL premiering September 12th., Lisa Eldridge shows the stunning light effects of the new collection ROUGE ALLURE MOIRÉ DE CHANEL., Beauty inspired by the opulence of precious fabrics and captured by dazzling lips. Introducing the new daring ROUGE ALLURE MOIRÉ Collection., Daring with allure. LE ROUGE CHANEL: Beyond color.
More on www.chanel.com, Elegance, intensity and grandeur for a man on a constant quest for freedom. BLEU DE CHANEL: The scenario continues.
More on www.chanel.com, Natural beauty and elegance find their perfect match on your skin. LES BEIGES: Healthy glow couldn't be easier.
More on www.chanel.com, The Fall-Winter 2013/14 Ready-to-Wear campaign photographed by Karl Lagerfeld., Beauty begins when you realize that time is what you make of it. 
More on http://lejourlanuitleweekend.chanel.com

Photo credits: Diane Kruger © Peter Lindbergh, null, Where does beauty begin?
Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself. 

More on http://lejourlanuitleweekend.chanel.com, Light up the night with LES BEIGES! Makeup artist Lisa Eldridge shows you how to enhance your evening looks with a natural healthy glow., LES BEIGES: natural healthy glow makeup from broad daylight to the heart of night, for the most invisible sophistication.
More on www.chanel.com, On the set of Karl Lagerfeld's film "Women Only." More on http://womenonly.chanel.com, "Women Only," a film by Karl Lagerfeld. 
More on http://womenonly.chanel.com, What is your good-luck charm? Matching cheek and lip color duos, bronze eyeshadow, or alluring nail colors?, Lisa Eldridge creates an enchanting makeup look with COLLECTION SUPERSTITION, inspired by the good-luck charms and the magic of bronze., COLLECTION SUPERSTITION
Feeling lucky? Take a chance with 6 new good-luck duos for cheeks and lips, sumptuous tones of bronze for magnetic eyes, or alluring nail colors.
More on www.chanel.com, Staging of the Fall-Winter 2013/14 Haute Couture CHANEL show., Milla Jovovich at the Fall-Winter 2013/14 Haute Couture show. More on www.chanel-news.com, View the full video of the CHANEL Fall-Winter 2013/14 Haute Couture show.
More on www.chanel-news.com, Fall-Winter 2013/14 Haute Couture show, more photos on www.chanel-news.com, Now premiering. Meet Dermatologist Amy Wechsler and explore her unique skincare philosophy in a new series of videos from CHANEL.
Visit www.chanel.com/-SkincareAdvice to view the films., July 2nd: Fall-Winter 2013/14 Haute Couture show, Grand Palais, Paris, The Little Black Jacket opening night in Shanghai. The exhibition will be on view until July 7th at the Nib Building, Rock Bund, Shanghai.

More information on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, Two days after Beijing, The Little Black Jacket exhibition opens in Shanghai.

Exhibition from June 21st to July 7th 
Nib Building, Rock Bund
14 Huqiu Road
Shanghai

More information on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, The Little Black Jacket opening night in Beijing.
The exhibition will be on view until July 7th.

More information on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, Sun Fei Fei at the preview of The Little Black Jacket exhibition, which opens in Beijing today.

From June 19th to July 7th
Workshop, 751D - Park
2 Jiuxianqiao Road
Beijing

More information on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, New RÉVÉLATION DE CHANEL gloss collection: Express your mood in just one shade! The multiple colors and makeup finishes of LÈVRES SCINTILLANTES adapt naturally to every attitude., Following Beijing, The Little Black Jacket exhibition will open in Shanghai on June 21st.

From June 21st to July 7th
Nib Building, Rock Bund
14 Huqiu Road
Shanghai

More information on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, CHANEL is delighted to announce the opening of its new accessories boutique at Bergdorf Goodman in New York.  Inspired by Mademoiselle Chanel’s legendary Paris apartment on rue Cambon, the new boutique opened in New York on June 11th, 2013., Color your moods with the new gloss collection RÉVÉLATION DE CHANEL.
Discover more on www.chanel.com, Transparent or intense, with or without shimmer, each LÈVRES SCINTILLANTES shade is a new attitude. The new RÉVÉLATION DE CHANEL gloss collection: what will you reveal today?
www.chanel.com, Thank you to all the visitors that attended the N°5 CULTURE CHANEL exhibition at the Palais de Tokyo in Paris, from the 5th of May to the 5th of June 2013.
Discover the exhibition curated by Jean-Louis Froment on
www.5-culturechanel.com, Save the date: The Little Black Jacket exhibition arrives in Beijing on June 19th.

From June 19th to July 7th 
Workshop, 751D - Park
2 Jiuxianqiao Road
Beijing

More information on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, Emma Watson wore a black tweed dress from the Fall/Winter Ready-to-Wear 2013/4 Collection to "The Bling Ring" premiere in Los Angeles., CHANEL hosts a dinner in honor of The Natural Resources Defense Council at Larry Gagosian's home in Los Angeles celebrating art, nature and technology., Discover the special edition book on CHANEL N°5 created by book designer Irma Boom for N°5 CULTURE CHANEL.

More on http://5-culture.chanel.com/en/exposition/, The N°5 CULTURE CHANEL exhibition begins with the garden created by landscape artist Piet Oudolf.

Discover more at http://5-culture.chanel.com/en/exposition/, Chanel's five cult colors: five timeless nail polish colors., Why not assert your style with a Couleur Culte?
Discover Chanel’s five timeless nail polish colors.
More on www.chanel.com, null, Celebrities wearing CHANEL on the red carpet in Cannes., Discover more about CHANEL N°5 with Christopher Sheldrake, CHANEL Perfumer.
www.5-culturechanel.com, Jacques Polge, Creator of CHANEL perfumes, discusses the unique nature of N°5.

Discover more videos about the N°5 CULTURE CHANEL exhibition at http://5-culture.chanel.com/en/le_parfum/, Discover the J12 white 10th anniversary limited edition: J12 WHITE PHANTOM
http://chanel.com/-Phantom, N°5 by Jean-Louis Froment, Curator of the exhibition., Celebrities attend the CHANEL and Vanity Fair dinner during The 66th Annual Cannes Film Festival at Tetou Restaurant on May 19, 2013 in Cannes, France., Discover the installation of the artwork for the N°5 CULTURE CHANEL exhibition at the Palais de Tokyo., Emma Watson at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival wearing a long off-white silk crepon dress with black embroidered sequins from the Spring/Summer 2013 Haute-Couture Collection., In a tribute to Mademoiselle Chanel's free, independent spirit, CHANEL Fine Jewelry introduces a series of wonderfully light creations designed around the feather.

Discover more on www.chanel.com/-Plume, "A drop of CHANEL N°5 is much more than a drop of perfume..."
Listen to Jean-Louis Froment, Curator of the N°5 CULTURE CHANEL, The ultimate makeup experience: instant volume and intense color.  Watch as the eyes are instantly revealed., Behind the scenes: the installation of the N°5 CULTURE CHANEL exhibition at the Palais de Tokyo., Backstage at the Cruise 2013/14 fashion show, more on www.chanel-news.com, Celebrity interviews at the Cruise 2013/14 fashion show, View the full video of the CHANEL Cruise 2013/14 show. More on www.chanel-news.com, Cruise 2013/14 Ready-to-Wear show in Singapore, more photos on www.chanel-news.com, "Once Upon A Time…" by Karl Lagerfeld
See the movie premiere on www.chanel-news.com, Discover more on the opening night with CHANEL Ambassadresses Anna Mouglalis, Astrid Bergès- Frisbey, and Zhou Xun., The opening of the N°5 CULTURE CHANEL exhibition was a memorable event attended by many artists and celebrities. Among them, CHANEL N°5 Ambassadresses Carole Bouquet, and Audrey Tautou, as well as CHANEL Ambassadors Vanessa Paradis and Gaspard Ulliel., null, Celebrities wearing CHANEL at the opening of the exhibition PUNK: Chaos to Couture at the Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Benefit., Making of the Paris-Édimbourg Métiers d'Art campaign with Tilda Swinton.
More photos on www.chanel-news.com, On May 3rd, 400 guests celebrated the opening of the N°5 CULTURE CHANEL exhibition at the Palais de Tokyo in Paris., Karl Lagerfeld on the set of his film "Once Upon A Time..."

The film will be published on www.chanel-news.com on May 8th at the same time as its premiere in Singapore, the destination chosen by Karl Lagerfeld for his Cruise 2013/14 fashion show., “Once Upon A Time…”
Keira Knightley and Clotilde Hesme

Karl Lagerfeld's film "Once Upon A Time..." will be released on www.chanel-news.com on May 8th., 5 days prior to the opening of N°5 CULTURE CHANEL, discover the official website of the exhibition.

Enjoy your visit at www.5-culturechanel.com, Trailer of the film "Once Upon A Time…" by Karl Lagerfeld.

The film will be posted on www.chanel-news.com on May 8th at the same time as its premiere in Singapore, the destination chosen by Karl Lagerfeld for his upcoming Cruise fashion show., Karl Lagerfeld's sketch for the invitation of the Cruise 2013/14 fashion show in Singapore on May 9th., The Little Black Jacket opening night in Dubai. 
The exhibition will be on view from April 27th to May 11th at The Venue, Downtown Dubai.

More information on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, Mademoiselle Chanel's artwork leaving her apartment en route to the Palais de Tokyo for the N°5 CULTURE CHANEL Exhibition., Haya Abu Khadra, Rita Ora & Sama Abu Khadra at the preview of The Little Black Jacket exhibition, which opens in Dubai on April 27th.

Exhibition location:
The Venue, Downtown Dubai
Mohammed Bin Rashid Boulevard

More information on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, null, null, The new summer makeup collection electrifies the eyes, lips and nails. Discover the Collection L'Eté Papillon de CHANEL., The butterflies are out. Lisa Eldridge creates a vibrant makeup look with the new Collection L'Eté Papillon de CHANEL, inspired by the electric colors of butterfly wings., Capture the vibrant colors of the Collection L'Eté Papillon de CHANEL. Experience the dazzling colors inspired by butterfly wings., Discover the universe of CULTURE CHANEL with Jean-Louis Froment., LE ROUGE CHANEL gives new freedom to every tone and attitude. New collection: Avant-Première de CHANEL., LE ROUGE CHANEL: Beyond color. Discover the free, spontaneous, and unpredictable spirit of ROUGE COCO and ROUGE COCO SHINE in a new collection, Avant-Première de CHANEL.
More on www.chanel.com, Interview with Jean-Louis Froment, Curator of the N°5 CULTURE CHANEL exhibition., Save the date: The Little Black Jacket exhibition arrives in Dubai on April 27th.

The Venue, Downtown Dubai
Mohammed Bin Rashid Boulevard
April 27th - May 11th

More information on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, With her natural elegance and beauty, Diane Kruger is one of the most famous faces of international cinema.
Now an ambassadress for CHANEL, Diane Kruger will be the face of a new beauty advertising campaign, due to be unveiled in 2013., Photo exhibition at the Rotonda di Via Besana: The Little Black Jacket in Milan until April 20th.

More information on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, The Little Black Jacket in Milan, opening night. 
More information on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, The exhibition opening will take place in one month at the Palais de Tokyo in Paris., Photo session with Laetitia Casta for the Spring-Summer eyewear campaign., The new Première watch: an icon revisited in a slimmer, sleeker silhouette. The ultimate timepiece for the modern woman.
More on www.chanel.com/-Premiere, Laetitia Casta is the face of the Spring-Summer 2013 eyewear campaign., Chanel is pleased to announce the unveiling of its newly redesigned boutique in Bal Harbour Shops in Miami, Florida. In collaboration with longtime architect Peter Marino, this extensive renovation unifies the unique space in a modern, luxurious and airy environment., Making of The Little Black Jacket, new edition 2013., New Première watch. Coming soon on www.chanel.com, LES BEIGES DE CHANEL introduces a new easygoing approach to healthy glow makeup. Discover how Lisa Eldridge creates a natural and spontaneous everyday look in one simple step., In one simple step and all year round, your skin reveals the healthy glow of a day spent outdoors. LES BEIGES: natural is a style., Hilary Tsui, Miroslava Duma and Alice Dellal at the "Numéros Privés" event in Hong Kong on March 20th on the occasion of the Landmark Prince's Building re-opening.
More photos on www.chanel-news.com, The Little Black Jacket photo exhibition by Karl Lagerfeld: more celebrities and new cities in 2013.
www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, Simple. Natural. Intuitive. CHANEL introduces a new approach to healthy glow makeup. LES BEIGES.
More on www.chanel.com, Exclusive in its color, unique in its sparkle, the J12 CHROMATIC watch reveals itself in a new, small 29mm size.
Find out more on http://chanel.com/-J12Chromatic29mm, The fashion essential that never goes out of style… a new film revealing the story behind the iconic CHANEL jacket. 
http://inside-chanel.com, The Boy Chanel handbag campaign with Alice Dellal photographed by Karl Lagerfeld. 
More on http://boy.chanel.com, Backstage at the Fall-Winter 2013/14 Ready-to-Wear show
on www.chanel-news.com, View the full video of the CHANEL Fall-Winter 2013/14 Ready-to-Wear show. More on www.chanel-news.com, Celebrities at the Fall-Winter 2013/14 Ready-to-Wear show.
More on www.chanel-news.com, Photos of the Fall-Winter 2013/14 Ready-to-Wear show on www.chanel-news.com, March 5th: Fall-Winter 2013/14 Ready-to-Wear show, Grand Palais, Paris, Celebrities wearing CHANEL Fine Jewelry to the Vanity Fair Oscar Party., null, CHANEL and Charles Finch hosted the 5th Annual Pre-Oscar Awards dinner in Los Angeles. Actors, Actresses, Directors, Producers, Writers and Hollywood influencers gathered for dinner at the legendary Madeo in Beverly Hills to celebrate an evening of fashion & film., null, A faster heartbeat. A determined gaze. Extreme tension. Action.
ALLURE HOMME SPORT EAU EXTRÊME. A fragrance like an adrenaline rush., Extreme tension. Power of emotion. Allure with no limits. ALLURE HOMME SPORT EAU EXTRÊME., Rediscover the world of J12 with a new App dedicated to one of the 21st century's iconic timepieces., Discover LE VOLUME DE CHANEL, a new mascara that reveals the striking intensity of your lashes., New mascara LE VOLUME DE CHANEL.
The shock of volume. The shock of colour. The shock of style. Unveil the striking intensity of your eyes., Journey back to a dazzling moment in time with “CHANEL and the Diamond,” the new film on Inside CHANEL., Brilliantly...Today's Fine Jewelry collections invoke the elements of the universe of Mademoiselle. 
Watch the new film on http://inside-chanel.com/, Resolutely...Gabrielle Chanel makes fluidity a principle and liberty a virtue. 
See the diamond creations in the new film on http://inside-chanel.com/, Curiously...In 1932, Gabrielle Chanel turns her attention to the most precious of stones: the diamond.
Watch the new film on http://inside-chanel.com/, Audaciously...Brilliantly...Eternally... CHANEL and the Diamond. 
http://inside-chanel.com, CHANEL and the Diamond
Discover the film on January 30th on Inside CHANEL., "If I have chosen the diamond, it is because it represents, in its density, the greatest value in the smallest volume." - Gabrielle Chanel
On January 30th, the new film on Inside CHANEL., Enchanted Interlude: Behind the scenes at the Spring-Summer 2013 Haute Couture show.
More on www.chanel-news.com, Celebrity interviews at the CHANEL Spring-Summer 2013 Haute Couture show, View the full video of the CHANEL Spring-Summer 2013 Haute Couture show. More on www.chanel-news.com, Photos of the Spring-Summer 2013 Haute Couture show on www.chanel-news.com, CHANEL Fine Jewelry unveils the new Première bands. A playful and enchanting collection.
Find out more on http://chanel.com/-premiere, Le Train bleu
The masterpiece of The CULTURE CHANEL exhibition in Guangzhou (China)

Photography: Jonathan Leijonhufvud (JLAP), January 22nd: Spring-Summer 2013 Haute Couture show, Grand Palais, Paris, CULTURE CHANEL reveals the universe of Mademoiselle Chanel through her creations, icons, literary and artistic inspirations. 
Discover more of the exhibition on www.culture-chanel.com, How to achieve this Spring's collection look? Makeup artist Lisa Eldridge shows you how to apply the natural and vibrant colours of the collection., Collection Printemps Précieux de CHANEL
Pure eyes and a soft complexion balanced with vibrant colours for lips and nails.
More on www.chanel.com, The CULTURE CHANEL exhibition will open its doors to the public January 16th at the Guangzhou Opera House. Discover the highlight of the exhibition: "Le Train Bleu" by Pablo Picasso., null, null, null, After Shanghai’s Museum of Contemporary Art and Beijing’s National Art Museum of China, CULTURE CHANEL will take place at the Guangzhou Opera House, designed by the architect Zaha Hadid, from January 16th to March 3rd, 2013.
More information at www.culture-chanel.com, The new J12 CHROMATIC watch.
Ultimately feminine, the J12 CHROMATIC features a powder pink dial enhancing the unique shine of the titanium ceramic.
http://chanel.com/-J12Chromatic, This month's cover of Town & Country Weddings, featuring CHANEL Fall/Winter Haute Couture., CHANEL wishes you a happy New Year 2013, CHANEL celebrates the iconic jacket with the launch of the book and photo exhibition, titled "The Little Black Jacket: CHANEL's classic revisited by Karl Lagerfeld and Carine Roitfeld.", CHANEL wishes you a happy Holiday Season., null, null, Backstage at the Paris-Édimbourg Métiers d'Art 2012/13 show on www.chanel-news.com, Celebrity dress code at the Linlithgow Palace, photos on www.chanel-news.com, View the full video of the CHANEL Paris-Édimbourg Métiers d'Art 2012/13 show, Photos of the Paris-Édimbourg Métiers d'Art 2012/13 show on www.chanel-news.com, December 4th: Paris-Édimbourg 2012/13 Fashion Show
Linlithgow Palace, Scotland, null, The Little Black Jacket exhibition opening in Seoul, photos on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, Lisa Eldridge interprets the new “Éclats du Soir de CHANEL” Holiday Makeup Collection featuring bronze-gold and reveals festive evening beauty., The ultimate in luxury… The holiday spirit works its magic on CHANEL codes. The new “Éclats du Soir de CHANEL” Holiday Makeup Collection glows with the elegant luster of bronze-gold., The new “Éclats du Soir de CHANEL” Holiday Makeup Collection sets beauty aglow with bronze and gold., null, null, The Little Black Jacket in Berlin, opening night photos on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, In an interview for Marie Claire, Marilyn reflects on N°5. Her words had never been published, until now. 
The new film on http://inside-chanel.com/, Experience an intimate moment with an icon, made public for the first time. Forever, Marilyn and N°5. 
http://inside-chanel.com, “Just a few drops of N°5.” 
Hear the story behind the quote, in the words of Marilyn herself. The new film on Inside CHANEL, coming tomorrow., “What do you wear to bed?”
Marilyn Monroe’s iconic response, coming soon on Inside CHANEL., null, null, Discover the newly redesigned Fragrance & Beauty website on http://chanel.com/-new_site
Exclusively for Facebook fans, use code FBNOV12 at checkout for complimentary 2nd day shipping until Sunday 11.59pm EST., The Little Black Jacket exhibition opening photos at the Grand Palais on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, Keira Knightley wears a Chanel Jacket from the Cruise-Versailles Collection on the Cover of November's W Magazine, shot by Steven Klein., null, null, Photos of The Little Black Jacket exhibition opening in Sydney on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, Discover the new J12 GMT in matte black high-tech ceramic, the absolute essential watch for all world travelers., null, null, The story continues... Discover part two of the new CHANEL N°5 campaign. 
Starring Brad Pitt., It’s not a journey... every journey ends. 
The story continues on October 17th, 12.01am Paris time., The new CHANEL N°5 film. 
Starring Brad Pitt., For the first time in the history of N°5, a man agrees to represent the most feminine of fragrances: Brad Pitt. 
Before the film premieres on October 15th, 12:01am Paris time, experience the story behind the iconic scent., The Little Black Jacket in London, opening night photos on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, Answer on October 15th, 12.01am Paris time., Answer on October 15th, 12.01am Paris time., Answer on October 15th, 12.01am Paris time., N°5. "For the First Time…"
View the full film on http://chanel.com/-forthefirsttime, For the first time, CHANEL tells its story online on http://Inside-Chanel.com/
Chapter one: the legend of N°5. How a revolutionary scent created in 1921 continues to be the best-selling and most famous fragrance in the world., null, Finale of the CHANEL Spring-Summer 2013 Ready-to-Wear show, more on www.chanel-news.com, null, Keira Knightley in CHANEL Haute Couture on the October cover of Vogue, photographed by Mario Testino., null, Maïwenn by Karl Lagerfeld
The new CHANEL Eyewear campaign Fall-Winter 2012/13 collection, One can own N°5...and yet still yearn for it., While Jasmine is grown in other countries, it is only the South of France that imbues the flower with its unique fragrance. To protect N°5, CHANEL is committed to conserving the Jasmine of Grasse; no chemical fertilizers are used to cultivate the flowers., Discover the chic new limited-edition shades of LES TWIN-SETS DE CHANEL. Three unique, perfectly paired duos of ROUGE ALLURE VELVET and LE VERNIS. Created exclusively for Fashion's Night Out.

Available now on http://chanel.com/-FNO, Baudruchage, the final touch to an exquisite creation. In this meticulous procedure, a delicate seal, the “baudruche,” is placed around the neck of the bottle’s stopper. It is held in place with two rows of cotton thread and secured with a wax stamp bearing the double C.  Only a handful of artisans, working within the CHANEL studio, know how to perform this precise art., Makeup artist Lisa Eldridge shows you how to apply the new ROUGE ALLURE RED Collection
More on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, Introducing LES TWIN-SETS DE CHANEL, created exclusively for Fashion’s Night Out. Celebrate fashion’s most exceptional evening with three limited-edition duos for lips and nails, inspired by the stylish coordination of a twin-set. 

Available for pre-order only on http://chanel.com/-FNO, For Gabrielle Chanel, "Fashion becomes unfashionable. Style never." Since 1921, N°5 has epitomized this timeless sensibility., 1921. Mademoiselle was presented with two series of samples, numbered from 1 to 5 and from 20 to 24. She chose N°5, her lucky number., Now playing: the iconic J12 White inspires an immaculate vision of intense whiteness., An immaculate vision of intense whiteness. The new film inspired by the iconic J12 White, coming soon., Making of the Fall-Winter 2012/13 Ready-to-Wear campaign on www.chanel-news.com, Iconic. Intense. Immaculate. A new vision of infinite whiteness, coming soon., Iconic. Intense. Immaculate. A new vision of infinite whiteness, coming soon., A date with destiny: Gabrielle Chanel first met Ernest Beaux, the creator of N°5, through her lover, the Grand Duke Dmitri.
Photo: All Rights Reserved, N°5 entered history covertly in 1921. Initially, Gabrielle Chanel refused to sell the "perfume of her own invention," and sprayed it only in secrecy.
In 1937, Mademoiselle allowed her image to be featured in its advertising, embodying the myth of N°5. 
Photo Francois Kollar © Ministere de la Culture - Mediatheque du Patrimoine, Dist. RMN, A tribute to Erwin Blumenfeld by Solve Sundsbo starring CHANEL ROUGE ALLURE.
More on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, Through black...light revealed.
Discover Coco Noir, the new luminous oriental from CHANEL.
The mysterious glow of an infinitely feminine aura.
http://coco-noir.chanel.com/, null, New Fall Collection "Les Essentiels de CHANEL": Let the CHANEL iconic colors express your eyes' intensity., COCO MADEMOISELLE, sealed with sensuality., Autumn Melody, Fall-Winter 2012/13 Pre-collection
http://autumnmelody.chanel.com/, Opening @ Hong Kong - The Film
Learn more on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, Opening @ Hong Kong by Anne Combaz
The Little Black Jacket
More photos on www.chanel-news.com, When crystal becomes makeup. Look through the mirror... 
More on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, Celebrities' interview at the Grand Palais, CHANEL Fall-Winter 2012/13 Haute Couture show, View the full video of the CHANEL Fall-Winter 2012/13 Haute Couture show on http://chanel.com/-fashionshow, Karl Lagerfeld's interview at the Grand Palais, CHANEL Fall-Winter 2012/13 Haute Couture show, Photos of the CHANEL Fall-Winter 2012/13 Haute Couture show on www.chanel-news.com, null, July 3rd : Fall-Winter 2012/13 Haute Couture Show
Grand Palais, Paris, Makeup artist Lisa Eldridge shows you how to apply the Summer 2012 Makeup Collection.
See other looks on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, COMING SOON: HONG KONG
After Tokyo, New York and Taipei The Little Black Jacket photo exhibition arrives in Hong Kong
Learn more on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, As if you were here: Experience the ad campaign photo shoot for COCO MADEMOISELLE with Keira Knightley., Emma Stone (CHANEL Celebrity Makeup Artist Rachel Goodwin)

Makeup Artist Inspiration:
“I wanted to channel one of my all-time favorite screen sirens Carol Lombard, who like Emma, was both glamorous and hilarious at the same time. The dress had this very 1930s flair to it, both really dreamy and dramatic, kind of like Paris itself. It’s both Emma’s and my absolute favorite city on earth, and it never fails to inspire.”

Products
Face: I prepped Emma’s skin with Le Blanc de Chanel Sheer Illuminating Base, then applied CHANEL Vitalumiere Aqua Hydrating Cream Compact Makeup SPF 15 in 10 Beige, buffed with a soft synthetic brush.
Eyes: I applied a wash of CHANEL Illusion D’Ombre Long Wear Luminous Eyeshadow in Abstraction, a shimmery peach rose shade available in November. I finished the eyes with two coats of Chanel Inimitable Intense Mascara in Noir.
Lips: The focal point of the makeup was definitely the lip. I used CHANEL Rouge Coco Lip Colour in Rivoli. I love the contrast of a deep lip shade on fair skin; it’s always so arresting and takes a real commitment to wear. Only a girl with real confidence can pull it off with grace.

Quotes taken from Elle.com, read more on the behind the scenes article here: http://fashion.elle.com/beauty/2012/06/20/exclusive-behind-the-scenes-emma-stones-paris-spider-man-premiere-prep/, Keira Knightley gives us the inside story on costume designs for the COCO MADEMOISELLE films., Keira Knightley takes you behind the scenes: Discover the set of the COCO MADEMOISELLE film., Revelations about a perfume: Keira Knightley speaks about her personal relationship with the fragrance COCO MADEMOISELLE., In confidence with Keira Knightley: Discover her feelings about the power of fragrances., Taipei exhibition opening - the Film  
The Little Black Jacket
From June 16th to July 8th
Location: Sonshan Cultural and Creative Park , CHANEL Fine Jewelry introduces the new Ultra ring, Here comes the new Ultra ring, in black and white, THE LITTLE BLACK JACKET IN TAIPEI 
June 16th to July 8th 
Learn more on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, Coming soon on chanel.com, THE LITTLE BLACK JACKET IN NEW YORK
The Film
Learn more on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, THE LITTLE BLACK JACKET IN NEW YORK
Exhibition opening
Learn more on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, The Little Black Jacket Exhibition in New York featuring 109 celebrities photographed by Karl Lagerfeld from June 8th to June 15th
Location: 18 Wooster Street, Soho, THE LITTLE BLACK JACKET IN NEW YORK
Learn more on www.thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, In anticipation of the release of "The Little Black Jacket Book," The Coveteur celebrates the iconic classic CHANEL tweed jacket., How will your lips look this season?
Makeup artist Lisa Eldridge shows you the new shades of Lèvres Scintillantes.
More at http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, How will your lips look this season? 
Makeup artist Lisa Eldridge shows you the new shades of Rouge Coco and Rouge Coco Shine.
More at http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com, The unique shine of the CHANEL J12 gives this immaculate white ceramic watch a 21st-century magical allure., CHANEL Cruise at Versailles, Karl Lagerfeld's interview at the CHANEL Cruise 2012/13 show, View the full video of the CHANEL Cruise 2012/13 show on http://chanel.com/-fashionshow , Photos of the CHANEL Cruise 2012/13 show on 
www.chanel-news.com, Three days before the show: Cruise 2012/13 Fashion Show in Versailles on May 14th, Astrid Bergès-Frisbey in CHANEL Haute Couture, Fine Jewelry and Beauty before taking the steps at the Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute Gala, SAVE ALL YOUR KISSES FOR ROUGE COCO 
Another lesson in love from Chanel Makeup Confidential: send a Rouge Coco kiss to someone special using our new icons., CHANEL has selected world renowned actor Brad Pitt to be the face of the upcoming advertising campaign for CHANEL N°5., A new J12 story. Coming soon., Summer 2012 Makeup Collection SUMMERTIME DE CHANEL
Discover the perfect harmony of bronze and intense coral on tanned skin in the sunlight on www.chanel.com , An exclusive video piece for T Magazine created by Peter Philips and director Ruth Hogben, featuring model Saskia De Brauw signing Coco Chanel's most famous qutoes while modeling the latest collection of CHANEL nail polish., Sophie Auster wearing a dress from the Spring/Summer 2012 Ready-to-Wear Collection and carrying a CHANEL clutch.

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Jen Brill wearing a white leather and tweed dress with the matching jacket from the Spring/Summer 2012 Ready-to-Wear Collection and carrying a CHANEL clutch.

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Alexa Chung wearing a black CHANEL dress and carrying a CHANEL clutch.

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Leelee Sobieski wearing a white dress from the Spring/Summer 2012 Ready-to-Wear Collection and CHANEL shoes.

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Liv Tyler wearing a dress from the Starting-Point Spring/Summer 2012 Collection with a CHANEL white coat.

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Leigh Lezark wearing a navy jacket and shorts from the Spring/Summer 2012 Ready-to-Wear Collection with a CHANEL bracelet and carrying a CHANEL Boy Bag.

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Heidi Mount wearing a beige tulle dress from the Spring/Summer 2010 Ready-to-Wear Collection and carrying a CHANEL clutch.

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Naomi Watts wearing a dress from the Spring/Summer 2012 Ready-to-Wear Collection and carrying a CHANEL clutch. 

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Poppy Delevingne wearing a mini dress from the Spring/Summer 2012 Ready-to-Wear Collection with CHANEL ballerinas and carrying a CHANEL bag. 

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Lily Donaldson wearing CHANEL from the Cruise Antibes Collection. 

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, CHANEL sponsors the Tribeca Film Festival Art Awards.
11 major contemporary artists will exhibit and donate works of art for the winners of the 2012 Tribeca Film Festival Jury competition., Collect the 6 new shades of Rouge Coco and Rouge Coco Shine, two irresistible beauty partners
www.chanel.com, Making of the Spring-Summer 2012 eyewear campaign with Linda Evangelista
www.chanel-news.com, Linda Evangelista is the face of the Spring-Summer 2012 eyewear campaign
View the collection on http://chanel.com/-eyewear, THE LITTLE BLACK JACKET - TRAILER 6/6
A digital exhibition showcasing 113 pictures of celebrities and personalities taken by Karl Lagerfeld
http://thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com/ , THE LITTLE BLACK JACKET - TRAILER 5/6
A digital exhibition showcasing 113 pictures of celebrities and personalities taken by Karl Lagerfeld
http://thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com, Les Jeans de CHANEL collection: casual chic
Discover the new trendy and casual chic nail colours of LE VERNIS: Coco Blue, Blue Rebel, Blue Boy on www.chanel.com, THE LITTLE BLACK JACKET - TRAILER 4/6
A digital exhibition showcasing 113 pictures of celebrities and personalities taken by Karl Lagerfeld
http://thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com/, THE LITTLE BLACK JACKET - TRAILER 3/6
A digital exhibition showcasing 113 pictures of celebrities and personalities taken by Karl Lagerfeld
http://thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com/, THE LITTLE BLACK JACKET - TRAILER 2/6
A digital exhibition showcasing 113 pictures of celebrities and personalities taken by Karl Lagerfeld
http://thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com/, THE LITTLE BLACK JACKET - TRAILER 1/6
A digital exhibition showcasing 113 pictures of celebrities and personalities taken by Karl Lagerfeld
http://thelittleblackjacket.chanel.com/ , Do you dream of a luminous, fresh and plumped complexion?
Discover the new Vitalumière Aqua Compact by CHANEL on chanel.com , Lisa Eldridge shows you how to apply the CHANEL Spring 2012 Makeup collection
More on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, On the 25th anniversary of the Première watch, CHANEL introduces the Première Flying Tourbillon.  Presented at the International Watch Fair in Basel starting March 8th 2012.
, More features around CHANEL Fall-Winter 2012/13 Ready-to-Wear on www.chanel-news.com, Karl Lagerfeld's interview at the Grand Palais, CHANEL Fall-Winter 2012/13 Ready-to-Wear show , Front row at the Fall-Winter 2012/13 Ready-to-Wear show on www.chanel-news.com, View the full video of the CHANEL Fall-Winter 2012/13 Ready-to-Wear show on www.chanel.com/fashion/8-chanel-fashion-show , Photos of the CHANEL Fall-Winter 2012/13 Ready-to-Wear show on www.chanel-news.com, Feeling beautiful? 
Use CHANEL emoticons to share your mood., Three days before the show: Ready-to-Wear fashion show in Paris on March 6th, The anatomy of pushing the limit in the third special short film, directed by Kathryn Bigelow with Danny Fuller, for ALLURE HOMME SPORT EAU EXTRÊME., Experience allure to the extreme with the second special short film by Kathryn Bigelow with Danny Fuller for ALLURE HOMME SPORT EAU EXTRÊME., The first special short film, directed by Academy Award® winner Kathryn Bigelow with Danny Fuller, capturing the spirit of the fresh and invigorating scent of ALLURE HOMME SPORT EAU EXTRÊME., Rose Byrne is wearing the "Lueur d'un Soir" earrings in white gold, pearls, black and white diamonds with the "Nuage de glace" ring in white gold, pearls, black & white diamonds and the "Cascade de diamants" bracelet in white diamonds with black diamonds accents. Total White Diamond ct is 40.77 white diamond total in variety of oval, cushion, pear, half moon, round, trillion cut diamonds.

Photo by Michael Buckner/Getty Images, Rose Byrne is wearing the "Lueur d'un Soir" earrings in white gold, pearls, black and white diamonds with the "Nuage de glace" ring in white gold, pearls, black & white diamonds and the "Cascade de diamants" bracelet in white diamonds with black diamonds accents. Total White Diamond ct is 40.77 white diamond total in variety of oval, cushion, pear, half moon, round, trillion cut diamonds.

Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images, Rose Byrne wearing the "Lueur d'un Soir" earrings in white gold, pearls, black and white diamonds with the "Nuage de glace" ring in white gold, pearls, black & white diamonds and the "Cascade de diamants" bracelet in white diamonds with black diamonds accents. Total White Diamond ct is 40.77 white diamond total in variety of oval, cushion, pear, half moon, round, trillion cut diamonds.

Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images, Rose Byrne is wearing a skirt and top from the Cruise 2012 collection

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Elizabeth Olsen is wearing a blue jacket and dress from the Spring/Summer 2012 Haute Couture Collection. Look number 19.

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Rachel Bilson is wearing a silver dress from the Spring/Summer 2012 Ready-to-wear collection. Look  number 46.

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Freida Pinto, Dev Patel 
Freida is wearing a white strapless dress from the Spring/Summer 2012 Ready-to-wear collection with the Matelassee Pearl and Diamond Cuff Bracelet in Yellow Gold from CHANEL Fine Jewelry

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Diane Kruger is wearing a black dress from the Fall/Winter 2011 Haute Couture Collection with star pins CHANEL Fine Jewelry.

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Karl Lagerfeld directs Alice Dellal for the advertising campaign of the Boy Chanel handbag collection in a short film entitled "My New Friend Boy", Making of the Boy Chanel handbag campaign with Alice Dellal
www.chanel-news.com, Love Letters
Straight from the heart: discover a new language of love on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.chanel.com/, A LOVE LETTER FROM US TO YOU
Send a Valentine’s Day message to someone special using our beautiful alphabet on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, null, The Coveteur takes a private tour of the Chanel Fine Jewelry Boutique in Paris at 18 Place Vendôme, Introducing Les Roses Ultimes de CHANEL
Inspired by the femininity of the colour pink, the LÈVRES SCINTILLANTES Glossimer collection offers subtle to striking shades with pure shine to intense sparkle finishes., Discover the J12 Chromatic — the newest addition to the J12 Collection — crafted from titanium ceramic, a true 21st century material., Alice Dellal, the face of the upcoming Chanel Boy campaign, on her way to the Spring-Summer 2012 Haute Couture show, View the full video of the CHANEL Spring Summer 2012 Haute Couture show on www.chanel.com/fashion/8-chanel-fashion-show, Jessica Alba wearing a black & white silk dress from the 2012 Cruise Collection (look 35) with CHANEL Fine Jewelry: "Ultra "cuff  in white gold, black ceramic and diamonds, "Black and white camelia nervure ring" in white gold and diamonds, the "Franges soleil ring" in white gold and diamonds, the "Soleil diamond ring" in white gold and diamonds and "Collarette earrings" in white gold , black and white diamonds.

Photo: courtesy of bfanyc.com, Poppy Delevigne, CHANEL Les Fideles, wearing jumpsuit from Fall/Winter 2011/12 Ready-to-Wear  and the CHANEL Las Vegas Exclusive Bag .Makeup by CHANEL

Photo: courtesy of bfanyc.com, Jen Brill, CHANEL Les Fideles, wearing a black top and white pleated skirt from the 2012 Cruise Collection with CHANEL Fine Jewelry: "Crossover ring" in white gold and diamonds, and "Bulle de ciel ring" in white gold, blue sapphires and diamonds and "Camelia ruban ring" in white gold, white and black diamonds. Makeup by CHANEL

Photo: courtesy of bfanyc.com, Caroline Seiber, CHANEL Les Fideles, wearing a red, white & blue printed dress from the 2012 Cruise Collection (look 45) Makeup by CHANEL

Photo: courtesy of bfanyc.com, Lily Collins wearing a navy viscose and chiffon long dress from the 2012 Pre-Spring/Summer Collection with necklaces and CHANEL Fine Jewelry Ring: " Camelia" ring in Cachalong and White Gold.

Photo: courtesy of bfanyc.com, Leigh Lezark wearing a black & white dress with CHANEL Fine Jewelry: " Cristaux" Glace ring in 18k white gold, quartz and diamonds and "Ultra" cuff in black ceramic and diamonds. Makeup by CHANEL

Photo: courtesy of bfanyc.com, Diane Kruger wearing an iridescent sequin embroidered dress from the Spring/Summer 2012 Ready to Wear Collection (look 39)

Photo: courtesy of bfanyc.com, Three days before the show: Haute Couture fashion show in Paris on January 24th, STUDIO CHANEL e-brochure, photography and film by Karl Lagerfeld at http://studiochanel.chanel.com, Discover the behind the scenes film of the latest CHANEL Fine Jewelry ad campaign shot by Dominique Isserman, Spring-Summer 2012 ad campaign photo shoot with models Saskia de Brauw and Joan Smalls, Julianne Moore wore a black strapless gown, the look 62 from the Fall/Winter 2011/12 Haute Couture Collection.

Photo: Steve Granitz/Wireimage, Michelle Williams, best actress nominee for "My week with Marylin", wore a black and white dress from the Cruise 2012 Antibes Collection with a CHANEL clutch. 

Photo by Jon Kopaloff/FilmMagic, Chloé Moretz wore a black dress from the 2012 Fall/Winter Ready-to-Wear Collection. 

Photo by Jon Kopaloff/FilmMagic, Spring 2012 Collection Harmonie de Printemps
An enchanting makeup collection inspired by springtime skies., The Coveteur goes behind the scenes with an exclusive tour of Coco Chanel's apartment in Paris, The latest CHANEL ad campaign Spring-Summer 2012 Ready-to-Wear photographed by Karl Lagerfeld, more on www.chanel-news.com, Send CHANEL Wishes for a happy 2012, null, CHANEL wishes you a happy New Year 2012, A Makeup masterclass: how to apply the Holiday 2011 Collection
And tomorrow, discover an early look at the sensual new CHANEL Makeup collection for Spring 2012 on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, Details of the collection - the movie, Paris-Bombay Métiers d'Art 2011/12, A chanel.com exclusive: The new limited-edition Knightsbridge Collection
www.chanel.com/en_US/fragrance-beauty/KNIGHTSBRIDGE-COLLECTION-128323, A Makeup masterclass: how to apply the matte magic of Rouge Allure Velvet
More on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, Introducing Rouge Allure Velvet, the next-generation matte lip colour., Alice Dellal will be the face of the Boy Chanel handbag collection
www.chanel-news.com, The Coveteur goes behind the scenes of the CHANEL Métiers d'Art Paris-Bombay 2011/12 show, Experience the J12 Chromatic on the CHANEL J12 application, Karl Lagerfeld's interview at the Grand Palais, CHANEL Métiers d'Art Paris-Bombay 2011/12 show, Discover the CHANEL Makeup Studio favourite picks and products for 2011. , Play with a selection of CHANEL accessories
Drag & drop the products endlessly and make them collide on http://christmas2011.chanel.com/ or download the iPad® application “Stick to the List”, Join our beauty party!
Celebrate the season with surprises every week in December.
See what lies behind the Studio doors at http://chanel-confidential.chanel.com/en_US/#/homepage/125/open/2/, Five days before the show: Métiers d’Art fashion show in Paris on December 6th, Perfect Gifts for the Holidays
Shop now at http://www.chanel.com/holidaygifts, The sketch by Karl Lagerfeld of Lady Gaga's white tweed dress., Lady Gaga wore a white tweed dress made especially for her by Karl Lagerfeld.

Photo: Billy Farrell, Introducing the new Camélia Brodé Fine Jewelry collection., Sarah Jessica Parker wore a grey chiffon embroidered gown with a navy sleeveless jacket from the Cruise 2012 collection.

Photo: Billy Farrell BFA, Chloe Moretz wore an embellished jumpsuit from the Spring/Summer Haute Couture 2011 Collection and CHANEL Fine Jewelry Camelia Brode studs & Camelia Ruban ring.

Photo: Billy Farrell BFA, Elena Anaya wore a pink tweed dress from the Spring/Summer 2012 RTW collection with CHANEL Fine Jewelry Camelia Onyx Ring and Camelia Sculpte Ring.

Photo: Billy Farrell BFA, Emma Stone wore a black and white gown from the Spring/Summer Haute Couture 2009 Collection with CHANEL Fine Jewelry Camelia Diamond Ring and Camelia diamond studs.

Photo: Billy Farrell BFA, Blake Lively wore a blue sequin embroidered vest and feather strapless dress from Fall/Winter Haute Couture 2011/12 and CHANEL Premiere BlackTriple Row Watch.

Photo: Billy Farrell BFA, Astrid Berges-Frisbey wore a white dress from the Spring/Summer 2012 RTW collection with Premiere Perles CHANEL Watch.

Photo: Billy Farrell BFA, A new way to see skin.
More on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, Makeup artist Lisa Eldridge shows how to apply the new Perfection Lumière foundation.
See other looks on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, Jean-Louis Froment, Curator of the exhibition, The exhibition reveals through 400 artworks and documents, the links and connections between Mademoiselle Chanel and the greatest artists of her time, as well as the permanent creative dialogue between different eras and inspirations, that have given shape to the brand's aesthetic concepts., The National Art Museum of China (NAMOC) in Beijing, China., CHANEL's ambassadress Anna Mouglalis at the exhibition., CHANEL's ambassadress Anna Mouglalis and Jean-Louis Froment, Curator of the exhibition, The exhibition reveals through 400 artworks and documents, the links and connections between Mademoiselle Chanel and the greatest artists of her time, as well as the permanent creative dialogue between different eras and inspirations, that have given shape to the brand's aesthetic concepts., The exhibition reveals through 400 artworks and documents, the links and connections between Mademoiselle Chanel and the greatest artists of her time, as well as the permanent creative dialogue between different eras and inspirations, that have given shape to the brand's aesthetic concepts., CHANEL's ambassadress Anna Mouglalis, The exhibition reveals through 400 artworks and documents, the links and connections between Mademoiselle Chanel and the greatest artists of her time, as well as the permanent creative dialogue between different eras and inspirations, that have given shape to the brand's aesthetic concepts., Actress Yao Chen, CHANEL's ambassadress Zhou Xun at the exhibition., Actress Yao Chen, CHANEL's ambassadress Zhou Xun., The exhibition reveals through 400 artworks and documents, the links and connections between Mademoiselle Chanel and the greatest artists of her time, as well as the permanent creative dialogue between different eras and inspirations, that have given shape to the brand's aesthetic concepts., The CULTURE CHANEL exhibition opens from November 5th until December 13th 2011 at the National Art Museum of China (NAMOC) in Beijing, China., As masculine as ever, the J12 Calibre 3125 watch is reborn in a new matte finish., Play with the ROUGE COCO SHINE photo booth, Elle Fanning wore a black top and cream shorts with shoes and bag from the Cruise 2012 Collection with Chanel Fine Jewelry.

Photo: Billy Farrell BFA, Kate Bosworth wore a blouse and boucle tweed skirt along with shoes and bag from the Fall/Winter 2011/12 collection.

Photo: Billy Farrell BFA, Kate Bosworth wore a blouse and boucle tweed skirt along with shoes and bag from the Fall/Winter 2011/12 collection.

Photo: Billy Farrell BFA, Poppy Delevigne wore a tweed dress with costume jewelry from the Fall/Winter 2011/12 Starting Point Collection.

Photo: Billy Farrell BFA, COMING SOON
Capture your most beautiful smiles with ROUGE COCO SHINE's on-line photobooth., Introducing PERFECTION LUMIÈRE, the ideal all-day, natural-finish foundation for a universally flattering makeup result., Behind the scenes Spring-Summer 2012 Ready-to-Wear Show, Celebrities at the Spring-Summer 2012 Ready-to-Wear show on 
http://chanel-news.chanel.com/en/faces/celebrities-review-12/, Photos of the Spring-Summer Ready-to-Wear show on http://chanel-news.chanel.com/en/show-insider/spring-summer-2012-ready-to-wear/, Karl Lagerfeld has chosen Claudia Schiffer to be the face of his Fall-Winter 2011/12 Prestige eyewear collection., Spring-Summer 2012 Ready-to-Wear show invitation
Grand Palais, Paris, October 4th, It's the Nail Cabaret! A special performance starring Le Vernis de Chanel. 
More on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, Makeup Artist Lisa Eldridge shows you how to apply the Autumn-Winter 2011 Collection "Illusions d'ombres".
See other looks on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, From darkness into light: an enchanted new Collection "Illusions d'ombres", inspired by the luxury and artistry of the Métiers d'Art.
See inspiration for the Collection on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, null, null, null, Welcome to the nail cabaret! Take your seats for a special preview performance…
See the full film on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, DARING HAS A NUMBER, In celebration of Fashion's Night Out...
LES JEANS DE CHANEL
An exclusive, limited-edition nail colour collection. Available now at Chanel boutiques and on www.chanel.com, Elisa Sednaoui, member of the revelation jury, is wearing a dress from the "Paris-Byzance" collection with a headband and a CHANEL cuff, Elisa Sednaoui, wearing a dress from the "Paris-Byzance" collection with a CHANEL headband, Kate Bosworth is wearing the look 53 from Cruise Antibes Collection, DARING HAS A NUMBER, Discover the last secret of CHANEL N°19 POUDRÉ, Discover the olfactory secret of CHANEL N°19 POUDRÉ, Emma is wearing a beaded embroidered blouse with chiffon skirt from the CHANEL 2011 Spring/Summer Haute Couture collection.

Photo: FilmMagic, Emma is wearing "Pluie d'Etoiles" diamond earrings and the "Plume 1932" diamond brooch and diamond ring from CHANEL Fine Jewelry.

Photo: FilmMagic, Emma is wearing "Pluie d'Etoiles" diamond earrings and the "Plume 1932" diamond brooch and diamond ring from CHANEL Fine Jewelry.

Photo: WireImage, Discover the new secret of CHANEL N°19 POUDRÉ, Discover the first secret of CHANEL N°19 POUDRÉ, A bright look for day or night using Stylo Yeux Waterproof in Jade and Inimitable Waterproof Mascara in Noir, by Makeup Artist Lisa Eldridge.
For more info on CHANEL Makeup, go to http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, She's like a rainbow: colours shown are Beige Pétale, Rose Insolent, Mimosa and Orange Fizz, by Makeup Artist Lisa Eldridge.
For more info on CHANEL Makeup, go to http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, An easy look for the day using Eclat Lumiere, Inimitable Waterproof Mascara in Noir and Rouge Coco Shine in Liberté by Makeup Artist Lisa Eldridge.
More on CHANEL Makeup at http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, Makeup artist Lisa Eldridge shows you how to use Les Soleil Tan De Chanel.
For more info on CHANEL Makeup, go to http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, More features around the CHANEL Fall-Winter 2011/12 HAUTE COUTURE show: 
fitting pictures, Karl Lagerfeld interview and celebrities... 
on http://www.chanel-news.com/, View the full video of the CHANEL Fall-Winter 2011/12 HAUTE COUTURE show on http://www.chanel.com/fashion/8-chanel-fashion-show, Eyewear creation: the sketch by Karl Lagerfeld.
More on http://www.chanel-news.com/en/category/savoir-faire/, Fall-Winter 2011/12 HAUTE COUTURE show invitation
Grand Palais, Paris, July 5th, Eyewear Icons.
More on http://www.chanel-news.com/en/category/savoir-faire/, Let's make up!
Makeup artist Lisa Eldridge shows you how to apply the Summer 2011 Collection, Les Fleurs d’Été de CHANEL.
More on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, Strike a pose!
True beauty is timeless... A playful collage of iconic CHANEL images, updated by Peter Philips using CHANEL Makeup. 
Discover more on http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, Kate Hudson 

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Courtney Cox

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Laird Hamilton

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Drew Barrymore

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Angela Lindvall

Photo: Billy Farrell Agency, Secrets from the CHANEL Eyewear workshop.
More on http://www.chanel-news.com/en/category/savoir-faire/, Strike a pose!
It's time to get beautiful again.
Enter the Makeup Studio at http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, Kirsten Dunst in CHANEL Haute Couture was awarded Best Actress at the Cannes Film Festival., Charlotte CASIRAGHI was wearing a vintage Haute-Couture dress.

Photo: Getty Images, Kirsten DUNST was wearing the look 51 from 2011 SS Haute-Couture collection and the "Cascade de Diamants" ring in white gold, diamonds and black diamonds by CHANEL Fine Jewelry. She wore CHANEL Make-Up.

Photo: George Pimentel/FilmMagic, Uma Thurman was wearing a satin camelia embroidered dress from the CHANEL Fall/Winter 2008/09 Haute Couture collection.

Photo: Getty Images, Clémence POESY was wearing the look 76 from the last Cruise collection. She wore CHANEL Make-Up.

Photo: Andreas Rentz/Getty Images, Karolina KURKOVA was wearing a dress from the Fall/Winter 2009/10 Haute Couture collection.

Photo: Getty Images, More features around the CHANEL Cruise 2011/12 show: 
backstage pictures, Karl Lagerfeld and celebrities interviews...
on http://www.chanel-news.com/, CHANEL is pleased to present one of our Les Fideles, Jen Brill, on The Coveteur., The chance of the moment: Unexpected Yellow with CHANCE.
Precious moment are in store for you today. Discover Chance, an unexpected floral that releases a romantic olfactory whirlwind., The chance of the moment: Fizzy Green with CHANCE EAU FRAICHE.
Today, anything incredible can happen with this sparkling floral fragrance, full of freshness and fantasy., CHANEL is pleased to announce the opening of its new boutique at Bergdorf Goodman in New York.  Inspired by Mademoiselle Chanel’s legendary Paris apartment on Rue Cambon, CHANEL once again enlisted famed architect and long-time CHANEL collaborator Peter Marino. The world of CHANEL at Bergdorf Goodman is now open to the public., Discover in avant-premiere your favorite CHANCE story, directed by Jean-Paul Goude.
The chance of the moment: Poetic Pink with CHANCE EAU TENDRE. A poetic day awaits... Fall for this fragrance full of tender and delicate fruity notes.
Come back tomorrow to see all the CHANCE stories., Every day is a day of CHANCE. Which chance is yours today? Vote and discover soon the CHANCE stories., Uma THURMAN was wearing a CHANEL Couture long dress in silk grey taffeta.

Photo: CHANEL, Astrid BERGES-FRISBEY was wearing a CHANEL Couture grey lace dress embroidered with silvery stones.

Photo: CHANEL, Karolina KURKOVA was wearing a short CHANEL black lace dress embroidered with feathers and a Maison Michel headband.

Photo: CHANEL, View the trailer of The Tale of a Fairy, the latest short film by Karl Lagerfeld
and watch the full version on http://www.chanel.com/thetaleofafairy, View the full video of the CHANEL Cruise 2011/12 show on http://www.chanel.com/fashion/8-chanel-fashion-show, Cruise 2011/12 show invitation
Hôtel du Cap-Eden-Roc, Cap d'Antibes, May 9th, Kirsten Dunst, wearing a sequin embroidered dress from the Fall/Winter 2010/11 Haute Couture Collection.

Photo Credit: Getty Images, Freida Pinto, wearing a white silk gown from the Spring/Summer 2010 Haute Couture Collection and satin clutch by CHANEL.

Photo Credit: Getty Images, Janelle Monae, wearing a white collared blouse from the Fall/Winter 2011 RTW collection, black satin pants and clutch by CHANEL with the "Camelia Nervure" ring  in 18k white gold with black and white diamonds from CHANEL Fine Jewelry.

Photo Credit: Getty Images, Stella Tennant, wearing a pink chiffon pleated dress from the Spring/Summer 2010 Haute Couture Collection with a clutch by CHANEL with the "Dentelle de Camelia" cuff in 18k white gold and diamonds and "Camelia" studs earrings in 18k white gold and diamonds from CHANEL Fine Jewelry.

Photo Credit: Billy Farrell / Billy Farrell Agency (BFA), Freida Pinto, Kirsten Dunst

Photo Credit: Billy Farrell / Billy Farrell Agency (BFA), Amanda Harlech

Photo Credit: Billy Farrell / Billy Farrell Agency (BFA), Anna Wintour, wearing a sequin embroidered gown from the Spring/Summer 2011 Haute Couture Collection.

Photo Credit: Getty Images, Blake Lively, wearing a beige tulle pailette embroidered dress with chiffon sash from the Fall/Winter 2009/10 Haute Couture Collection.

Photo Credit: Getty Images, The 2011 Spring-Summer Eyewear campaign by Karl Lagerfeld featuring Elisa Sednaoui., Robert De Niro

Photo credit: Billy Farrell Agency, Chloe Sevigny 

Photo credit: Billy Farrell Agency, Naomi Watts

Photo credit: Billy Farrell Agency, Sophie Auster, Michael Schoen

Photo credit: Billy Farrell Agency, Julia Restoin-Roitfeld 

Photo credit: Billy Farrell Agency, Zoe Kravitz

Photo credit: Billy Farrell Agency, Rose Byrne

Photo credit: Billy Farrell Agency, Shine On! To celebrate the launch of CHANEL Rouge Coco Shine Hydrating Sheer Lipshine, savvy Teen Vogue readers will have the chance to win the trip of a lifetime. Visit http://www.teenvogue.com/chanel to enter., The CHANEL Makeup Studio opens its doors for the second time to introduce Rouge Coco Shine. Get ready for your close-up...
http://chanel-makeup-confidential.com/, Keira Knightley reveals the secrets behind the COCO MADEMOISELLE shoot in Paris., COCO MADEMOISELLE: Behind the mystery... the muse.
Discover the powers of the feminine and sexy, young and exciting fragrance personified by the luminous Keira Knightley in the campaign shot by Mario Testino., Follow in the hot tracks of COCO MADEMOISELLE
Hang on! The wait is almost over..., null, null, null, More features around the CHANEL Fall-Winter 2011/12 Ready-to-Wear show:
Backstage pictures, Karl Lagerfeld and celebrities interviews
on http://www.chanel-news.com/, It's a New Day for COCO MADEMOISELLE
Get a sneak peek into the adventures of this irrepressible spirit... and follow along all week!, Blake Lively, the Mademoiselle handbag line campaign starts., View the full video of the CHANEL Fall-Winter 2011/12 Ready-to-Wear show 
on http://www.chanel.com/fashion/8-chanel-fashion-show, Fall-Winter 2011/12 Ready-to-Wear show invitation
Grand Palais, Paris, March 8th, CHANEL and Blake Lively celebrate her new Mademoiselle campaign at La Grenouille in Manhattan., Michelle Williams / Makeup Artist Jeanine Lobell

Beauty Inspiration: 
"My inspiration was Michelle’s stunning CHANEL 2011 Spring/Summer Haute Couture gown. The dress represented Michelle’s personality - ethereal and sparkling.”

Beauty Tip:
“Michelle’s skin is so fresh and beautiful. I applied CHANEL Vitalumiere Aqua Ultra Light Skin Perfecting Makeup in B10, which allows her skin to shine though the makeup, creating a fresh look. I set the makeup with CHANEL Natural Finished Press Pressed Powder in Translucent 1.  For eyes, we went for a light, ethereal smoky look mixing the shades in the CHANEL Quadra Eyeshadow in Smoky Eyes.  I used the silvery shade as a base, and then used the pewter shade, taking it from the lash line up into the crease, adding shape to the eye. I then smudged the same shade in the lower lash line. I used the black shade, blended into the pewter, as a liner.  I applied a few individual lashes in the center, and a lot of CHANEL Inimitable Waterproof Mascara in Noir on the top and bottom.  I used the CHANEL Precision Brow Definer in Blond Claire to define the brow. To create a glowing pink cheek, I applied CHANEL Blush Duo Tweed Effect in Pink Tweed.  I mixed her lip colour, CHANEL Rouge Coco Lip Colour in Rose Dentelle, with a bit of the Vitalumiere Aqua foundation, which creates the effect of the lips blending into the face.”

(Photo by Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic), Actress Michelle Williams arrives at the 83rd Annual Academy Awards.
Michelle is wearing a white beaded Haute Couture gown from the CHANEL Spring Summer 2011 Collection.

(Photo by Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic), LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 26:  Actress Camilla Belle arrives at the Chanel and Charles Finch Pre-Oscar Dinner at Madeo Restaurant on February 26, 2011 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images For Chanel), LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 26:  Actress Emma Roberts arrives at the Chanel and Charles Finch Pre-Oscar Dinner at Madeo Restaurant on February 26, 2011 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images For Chanel), LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 26:  Actress Sharon Stone arrives at the  Chanel and Charles Finch Pre-Oscar Dinner at Madeo Restaurant on February 26, 2011 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images For Chanel), LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 26:  Actress Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy arrives at the Chanel and Charles Finch Pre-Oscar Dinner at Madeo Restaurant on February 26, 2011 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images For Chanel), LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 26:  Actress Emma Stone arrives at the Chanel and Charles Finch Pre-Oscar Dinner at Madeo Restaurant on February 26, 2011 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images For Chanel), LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 26:  Actress January Jones arrives at the Chanel and Charles Finch Pre-Oscar Dinner at Madeo Restaurant on February 26, 2011 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images For Chanel), LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 26:  Actress Isabel Lucas arrives at the Chanel and Charles Finch Pre-Oscar Dinner at Madeo Restaurant on February 26, 2011 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images For Chanel), LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 26:  Actress NAOMI WATTS arrives at the  Chanel and Charles Finch Pre-Oscar Dinner at Madeo Restaurant on February 26, 2011 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images For Chanel), LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 26:  Actress Lily Collins arrives at the Chanel and Charles Finch Pre-Oscar Dinner at Madeo Restaurant on February 26, 2011 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images For Chanel), Here comes the beauty pack...for more from the Chanel Makeup Studio, join Creative Director of Chanel Makeup Peter Philips at http://www.chanel-confidential.com.
The door to the Studio is opening at the end of February., More features around the CHANEL Spring-Summer 2011 HAUTE COUTURE show:
Aftershow pictures, Karl Lagerfeld interview and celebrities...
on http://www.chanel-news.com/, CHANEL ambassadress Anna Mouglalis at the vernissage.
Anna wears a lace dress from the Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2010/11 collection, with a “Medailles” necklace and yellow 18k gold "Matelassé" bracelets from CHANEL Joaillerie., Artist Yi Zhou
Yi wears an ensemble of the Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2010/11., Origin, For the Interactive room, a hi-tech multi-touch table has been specifically built for the exhibition. Twelve people can watch at the same time, and in high definition, the most memorable films created by CHANEL., CHANEL Haute Couture collection 1965-1980

Karl Lagerfeld for CHANEL
Haute Couture collection Spring-Summer 2005
Ready-to-wear collection Fall-Winter 2009, Imaginary, CHANEL ambassadress Anna Mouglalis, visiting the exhibition. 
Anna wears a black tweed suit from the Cruise 2010/11 collection., The Museum of Contemporary Art, Shanghai, View the full video of the CHANEL Spring-Summer 2011 HAUTE COUTURE show on http://www.chanel.com/fashion/8-chanel-fashion-show, Spring-Summer 2011 HAUTE COUTURE show invitation
Pavillon Cambon Capucines, Paris, January 25th, Dianna Agron / Makeup Artist Angela Levin

Beauty Inspiration: 
"Dianna's look was all about a bold, dark lip to offset her gorgeous white dress!"

Beauty Tip:
"I prepped Dianna’s skin with CHANEL Ultra Correction Line Repair Concentrate, and her base was Clea de Peau Foundation in shade 010.  I defined her brows with CHANEL Precision Brow Definer in Blond Clair.  On her lids, I used the CHANEL Eyeshadow Duo in Khaki-Clair, and a dark brown Tint Liner to line the eyes. I then applied two coats of CHANEL Inimitable Mascara in Noir. To complete the look, I lined her lips with a lip liner in Henna, and applied CHANEL Rouge Coco Lip Colour in Ballet Russe.”

Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images, Michelle Williams / Makeup Artist Jeanine Lobell

Beauty Inspiration: 
"We were inspired by the classic beauty of Jean Seberg and Mia Farrow. Luminous fresh skin was key, and a super lashed eye gave a nod to those classic beauties. A fresh coral lip kept the look modern and new.”

Beauty Tip:
“As a base, I used a new foundation from CHANEL, Vitalumiere Aqua in B10 (available in March). It’s a super light, sheer formula with great coverage.  On Michelle’s cheeks, I used CHANEL Powder Blush in Espiegle, a beautiful shimmery pink-coral.  I set her brows with CHANEL Perfect Brows.  Finally, on her lips I used CHANEL Rouge Coco Lip Colour in Chalys.”

Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images, January Jones / Makeup Artist Rachel Goodwin

Beauty Inspiration:
"January's look was all about strength - there was nothing demure about it!  I wanted to go for a super strong brow, and a high gloss red lip.  90's supermodel meets old Hollywood glamour!"

Beauty Tip:
"The makeup was simple with two strong elements.  I prepped her skin with CHANEL Sublimage Concentrate. I then sculpted her cheeks with CHANEL Bronzing Makeup Base.  On her lids, I used a wash of champagne coloured shadow, CHANEL Soft Touch Eyeshadow in Liberty.  I created a strong, bold defined brow with the CHANEL Perfect Brows palette, and applied two coats of CHANEL Inimitable Intense Mascara in Noir.  Finally, I knew I wanted to go for a glossy red lip as opposed to a matte red, to keep the look fresh and not too retro.  I used an amazing red gloss, CHANEL Rouge Allure Extrait de Gloss in Excess, to complete January’s strong red carpet look.”  

Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images, CHANEL launches BLEU DE CHANEL, a provocative fragrance for men. This sensual blend of citrus and woods evokes an unexpected new vision of masculinity., Paris-Byzance show invitation
Paris, December 7th, Rachel Bilson and Kate Bosworth. Rachel is wearing a beige dress from the 2011 Resort Collection with “Camelia Ajoure” yellow gold and diamond ring and “Profil de Camelia” hoops in yellow gold. Kate wears a black dress from the Spring/Summer 2011 collection with “Panache” diamond bracelet and earrings and “Boucle de diamond” ring from CHANEL Fine Jewelry "Plumes de CHANEL" Collection.

(Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for MOCA), Chloe Sevigny is wearing a white jumpsuit from the Fall/Winter 2010/11 RTW Collection with two “Chaine Tresse” yellow gold bracelets from CHANEL Fine Jewelry.

(Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for MOCA), Kate Bosworth wears a black dress from the Spring/Summer 2011 collection with “Panache” diamond bracelet and earrings and “Boucle de diamond” ring from CHANEL Fine Jewelry "Plumes de CHANEL" Collection.

(Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images for MOCA), Gavin Rossdale and Gwen Stefani. Gwen is wearing a black embroidered dress from the Paris-Shanghai Collection with “Panache” yellow diamond ring from CHANEL Fine Jewelry "Plumes de CHANEL" Collection.

(Photo by Jordan Strauss/WireImage), Ginnifer Goodwin is wearing a black lace dress with pearl embroidery from the Spring/Summer 2010 collection with the Secret “Camelia” watch and “Fil de Camelia Perle” and diamond ring from CHANEL Fine Jewelry.

(Photo by Jon Kopaloff/FilmMagic), Elodie Bouchez is wearing a cream dress from the Spring/Summer 2010 RTW Collection with “Profil de Camelia” hoops and “Fil de Camelia” ring in yellow gold.

(Photo by Jordan Strauss/WireImage), Kirsten Dunst is wearing a cream dress from Resort with “Cascade” diamond earrings with the “Volute” pearl and diamond ring from CHANEL Fine Jewelry "Plumes de CHANEL" Collection.

(Photo by Jeffrey Mayer/WireImage), Kirsten Dunst is wearing a cream dress from Resort with “Cascade” diamond earrings from CHANEL Fine Jewelry "Plumes de CHANEL" Collection.

(Photo by Jordan Strauss/WireImage), Rachel Bilson is wearing a beige dress from the 2011 Resort Collection with “Camelia Ajoure” yellow gold and diamond ring and “Profil de Camelia” hoops in yellow gold.

(Photo by Jon Kopaloff/FilmMagic), Kate Bosworth wears “Panache” diamond earrings from the CHANEL Fine Jewelry "Plumes de CHANEL" Collection.

(Photo by Jordan Strauss/WireImage), Keira at the dinner party celebrating her new movie "Last Night" during the Rome Film Festival opening at Villa Borghese on October 28th.
Keira wore a top and skirt from the Spring/Summer 2011 Ready To Wear collection with a "Fil de Camélia" ring by CHANEL Fine Jewelry.

Photographer: Tullio M. Puglia
Courtesy of: Getty Images Entertainment, Keira at the "Last Night" photocall on October 27th, wearing a CHANEL wool embroidered dress from the Fall/Winter 2010/11 Ready To Wear Collection.

Photographer: Venturelli
Courtesy of: Wireimage, Beauty on the Red Carpet: discover Keira Knightley's modern, dramatic red carpet look and read the inside scoop by CHANEL Celebrity Makeup Artist Kate Lee.

From CHANEL Celebrity Makeup Artist Kate Lee: 
"For the premiere of Never Let Me Go in London, Keira wore a CHANEL Haute Couture gown made exclusively from pearls. Pearls are classic, timeless and chic, I wanted all of these qualities to work with the make up to create and iconic image that would still look current years from now.

Keira is one of my favorite canvasses, she has a magnificent bone structure, and beautiful features, so its always hard to choose which one to play up! I went with eyes, as I thought a strong elegant eye would look great with her new cut. To make it slightly more modern, I used only cream shadows, a mixture of CHANEL Intense Eye Liner in Noir inside the eye and along the bottom and top lash line. I also crept it up onto the outer third of the socket to add depth, after lots of gentle blending I added in Nars creme shadow from the Thebes Duo to the centre of the lid, and also to the brow bone to add a glow and create dimension. Finally, I curled the lashes, gave the lashes a generous coat of CHANEL Inimitable Intense Mascara in Noir, and then added a few clumps of Ardel lashes in a random pattern. The final effect was dramatic but modern.  Her lips were CHANEL Rouge Coco Lip Colour in Perle, and I sculpted her cheeks with CHANEL Powder Blush in Imprévu."

Photographer: Jon Furniss
Courtesy of: Wireimage, Discover Keira Knightley wearing the pearl embroidered dress from the Haute Couture Fall-Winter 2010/11 collection to the premiere of her new movie "Never let me go" at the London Film Festival opening., More features around the Ready-to-Wear Spring-Summer 2011 show: backstage pictures, Karl Lagerfeld interviews and celebrities... on http://www.chanel-news.com/, View the full video of the CHANEL Ready-to-Wear Spring-Summer 2011 show on http://www.chanel.com/fashion/8-chanel-fashion-show, Spring-Summer 2011 Ready-to-Wear show invitation
Grand Palais, Paris, October 5th, Karl Lagerfeld and Blake Lively

Credit: Billy Farrell Agency, Sarah Jessica Parker

Credit: Billy Farrell Agency, Scorsese. Ulliel. BLEU DE CHANEL.
Get one final look behind the scenes.
Episode 4 of 4., Scorsese. Ulliel. BLEU DE CHANEL.
This week, take a look behind the scenes.
Episode 3 of 4., Scorsese. Ulliel. BLEU DE CHANEL.
This week, take a look behind the scenes.
Episode 2 of 4., Scorsese. Ulliel. BLEU DE CHANEL.
This week, take a look behind the scenes.
Episode 1 of 4., It's almost here... BLEU DE CHANEL, the new Fragrance for Men, and the most buzzed-about artistic collaboration between CHANEL and Martin SCORSESE.
Discover the trailer and the fragrance at http://bleu.chanel.com
Rendez-vous for the premiere next week, with a Facebook exclusive only for CHANEL fans!, The 2010/11 Fall Winter HAUTE COUTURE show took place Tuesday, July 6th at the Grand Palais, Paris.
The show on http://www.chanel.com/fashion/8-chanel-fashion-show
More features around the show on http://www.chanel-news.com, It was meant to happen, one day J12 was going to return to its natural habitat: the immensity of the sea.
Dive into the depths and watch the J12 Marine film., Discover the newest limited-edition CHANEL Button, now ready to be shared with your Facebook friends!, A luminous pink-lilac shade, inspired by the exquisite CHANEL Comète Fine Jewelry Collection. , Now debuting: more virtual CHANEL Buttons. Share them with your friends today!, The 2010/11 Cruise show took place Tuesday, May 11th in St Tropez.
Trailer on http://www.chanel.com/fashion/8-chanel-fashion-show 
More features around the show on http://www.chanel-news.com, Emma Watson / Makeup Artist Fulvia Farolfi 

Beauty Inspiration:
"Emma wore a sculpted, one shoulder white gown with a tight waist, beautiful draping and bold zip in the back. Quite modern, yet classic. We felt that makeup called for a smoky eye and a warm skin tone, soft cheeks and pale lips. She wanted to look modern and diversify from her usual romantic look.”

Beauty Tip:
Fulvia prepped Emma’s skin with CHANEL Sublimage Serum.  As a base, she applied CHANEL Teinte Innocence in Beige, topped with a bit of CHANEL Natural Finish Loose Powder in Clair. On the eyes, Fulvia used a new eye shadow palette from the Fall collection, available in July; CHANEL Quadra Eyeshadow in Enigma. She used the rose shade in inner corner and below the brow, metallic grey on top and bottom lids, and the metallic plum near the roots of the lashes. She finished the eyes with two coats of CHANEL Inimitable Mascara in Noir. The cheeks were a soft pink with CHANEL Powder Blush in Rose Petale. She completed the look with a pale beige lip, CHANEL Rouge Allure in Mythic. 

Photographer: Stephen Lovekin
Courtesy of: Getty Images Entertainment, Lily Collins / Makeup Artist Jeannia Robinette 

Beauty Inspiration:
“My inspiration for Lily’s look was her extremely expressive eyes! She is so young and fresh but at the same time so sophisticated.  She reminded me of a brilliant film noir actress.”

Beauty Tip:
Jeannia prepped Lily’s skin with CHANEL Sublimage Fluid.  She wanted to keep the skin dewy and fresh, so as a base she used CHANEL Hydramax + Active Tinted Moisturizer in Sand.  On her lids, she blended the deep brown and silver powder shades from the CHANEL Quadra Eye Shadow in Mystic Eyes.  The combination of the two shades brought out her eye colour.  She then lined the top and bottom lashes with CHANEL Intense Eye Pencil in Noir, and gave her lashes three coats of CHANEL Inimitable Mascara in Noir.  Her naturally bold and gorgeous brows were simply brushed up.  On her cheeks, Jeannia applied CHANEL Powder Blush in Imprevu, and finally she gave her a beige, matte lip with CHANEL Rouge Coco in Beige Felin.

Photographer: Stephen Lovekin
Courtesy of: Getty Images Entertainment, Kate Bosworth / Makeup Artist Kate Lee

Beauty Inspiration:
"I was inspired by Kate's dress, and I wanted to give her a retro, 30's style makeup look."

Beauty Tip:
To get Kate’s 30's inspired look, Kate started out with a new liner from the Fall collection available in July, CHANEL Intense Eye Pencil in Clair, inside the eyes to pop their amazing colours! She then used CHANEL Soft Touch Eyeshadow in Taupe Grisé, also available in July, from the lash line to the brow bone, gently gradating as she went. She blended almost up the brow bone and mirrored under the lower lash line to complete the gentle wash of colour. Lashes were curled, and a generous coating of CHANEL Inimitable Mascara in Noir completed the eyes. Her cheeks were CHANEL Powder Blush in Imprevu which she applied to the cheekbones and across the bridge of the nose.  Finally, on her lips she used CHANEL Rouge Coco in Rose Comete, a soft blue pink. 

Photographer: Larry Busacca 
Courtesy of: Getty Images Entertainment, Worn by the modern French icon and face of ROUGE COCO, Vanessa Paradis, this lush rosewood shade is already a top-seller. Its name is derived from Coco Chanel's nickname, used in the lounges of rue Cambon in Paris., Lily Collins is wearing a short olive embroidered dress from the 2010 Spring/Summer Haute Couture Collection, with "Cristaux Glace" ring in yellow gold & diamonds, and "Camelia" diamond stud earrings in white gold by CHANEL Fine Jewelry.

Photo courtesy of StartraksPhoto.com, Anna Wintour is wearing a sequin jacket and silk dress from the 2010 Spring/Summer Haute Couture Collection.

Photo courtesy of StartraksPhoto.com, Kristen Stewart is wearing a long black taffeta and tulle embroidered dress from the 2010 Spring/Summer Haute Couture Collection, with "Bourgeon Camelia" diamond ring by CHANEL Fine Jewelry.

Photo courtesy of StartraksPhoto.com, So chic to share: send virtual ROUGE COCO Buttons to your Facebook friends! Check back often for new additions to the exclusive collection, including those available for a limited time only., launches its new iPhone application, CHANEL J12, with a focus on the new grand complication, the J12 Rétrograde Mystérieuse. 
An Haute Horlogerie timepiece with a calibre exclusively designed for CHANEL by Renaud et Papi Manufacture (APRP S.A.)., Sandra Bullock / Makeup Artist Angela Levin

Beauty Inspiration:
"Tonight was Sandra's big night and she was in a happy, ethereal mood. I wanted her to look like the true movie star she is, so we went with modern classy Hollywood - dewy skin, soft eyes, and a bold classic red lip."

Beauty Tip:
Angela prepped Sandra's skin with CHANEL Sublimage Fluid. She then used a foundation brush to apply CHANEL Vitalumiere Satin Smoothing Fluid Makeup in Shell all over the face. Angela created a structured brow with the soft brown powder in the limited edition Les Regards de CHANEL Palette. She lined Sandra's eyes with the darker brown shade in the same palette. Finally, she applied three coats of CHANEL Inimitable Waterproof Mascara in Noir for sexy, glamorous lashes. To create the real focus of Sandra's look - a gorgeous, bold red lip - Angela applied CHANEL Rouge Coco Lip Colour in Paris. She finished the look by gently dabbing a bit of the same lip color on the apples of Sandra's cheeks - Angela's signature makeup trick.

Alberto E. Rodriguez / Getty Images Entertainment, Cameron Diaz / Makeup Artist Robin Fredriksz

Beauty Inspiration:
“We took the Veronica Lake regal, smooth, classic Hollywood look and gave it a modern but glamorous twist. We kept the warmth and added a little edge.”

Beauty Tip:
Robin started off by applying CHANEL Soft Touch Eye Shadow in Sand in the crease of the lids, and lining the entire eye with CHANEL Intense Eye Pencil in Noir. To make Cameron's striking blue eyes pop even more, Robin applied several coats of CHANEL Inimitable Mascara in Noir. As Cameron has loved a red lip lately, Robin lined her lips with CHANEL Lip Definer in Rouge, and applied the perfect true red lip shade - CHANEL Rouge Coco in Gabrielle. She used the same shade of lip colour as a blush, dabbing a bit on the apples of the cheeks. Her nails were painted with CHANEL Nail Colour in Lotus Rouge, a flattering shade perfect for the red carpet.

John Shearer / Getty Images Entertainment, Rachel McAdams / Makeup Artist Kayleen McAdams

Beauty Inspiration:
"We chose our color palette based on the water color look of Rachel’s dress. There was a wash of cool tones in the dress, blue, green, purple, pink so we wanted the eye, cheek and lips to all have this same water colour sheerness to it."

Beauty Tip:
For Rachel’s eyes, Kayleen used a combination of grey and pink shades. On the lid, she used CHANEL Fluid Iridescent Eyeshadow in Fountain. She kept the grey on the outer corners of the lid and underneath the eye. She used the rose gold shade in the CHANEL Quadra Eyeshadow in Spices up to the brown bone and along the lid. To finish it off, Kayleen used CHANEL Soft Touch Eye Shadow in Slate in the inner corners of the eye, and followed up with two coats of CHANEL Inimitable Mascara in Noir. She kept the lips very simple with CHANEL Rouge Coco Lip Colour in Rose Comete, a beautiful light pink shade, and a bit of CHANEL Glossimer in Futile to accentuate the lips but keep the focus on the eyes.

Steve Granitz / WireImage, Julianne Moore / Makeup Artist Sabrina Bedrani

Beauty Inspiration:
"My inspiration for Julianne's red carpet look was her dress. It was this very beautiful champagne colour, and had a 1940's art deco vibe. I wanted to give her a wine stained lip for a modern version of an old Hollywood glamorous look."

Beauty Tip:
Sabrina first applied CHANEL Teint Innocence Foundation in Cameo all over Julianne's skin. Her eyes were a combination of the dark green shade from the CHANEL Quadra Eyeshadow in Murano, and the lighter grey shade in the CHANEL Quadra Eyeshadow in Smoky Eyes. She blended the shades inwards, going darker on the outer edge of the eye, and lighter as she blended in. She then lined the top lashes with CHANEL Intense Eye Pencil in Noir. The eyes were finished with CHANEL Exceptionnel Mascara in Smoky Noir. Sabrina used CHANEL Powder Blush in Rose Petale on the apples of Julianne's cheeks. Finally, she gave Julianne a stunning, deep wine coloured lip with CHANEL Rouge Coco in Rivoli, and topped it with a bit of CHANEL Glossimer in Summer Plum.

Michael Buckner / Wireimage, Amanda Seyfried / Makeup Artist Monika Blunder

Beauty Inspiration:
"The look I was going for Amanda was movie star glamour while maintaining a young, fresh and modern feel."

Beauty Tip:
For Amanda’s skin, Monika started off moisturizing her with CHANEL Sublimage Fluid to give her a natural glow. Then she applied CHANEL Teint Innocence Foundation in Gentle Ivory all over her skin. Monika first lined her upper and lower lash line with CHANEL Intense Eye Pencil in Noir, extending the line past the outer corner and up. Then she blended with a brush to soften any hard lines. Next, she applied the darkest colour in the CHANEL Quadra Eyeshadow in Smoky Eyes starting at lash line and blending up towards the brow bone using a variation of the lighter colors in the palette. She finished with CHANEL Soft Touch Eye Shadow in Ivory on the inner corner of top and bottom lash line. To complete the eyes, she curled the lashes and applied three coats of CHANEL Inimitable Mascara in Noir. CHANEL Powder Blush in Rose Petale gave her a fresh rosy glow on her cheeks. Amanda’s look was completed by applying CHANEL Rouge Coco Lip Colour in Perle.

Jeff Vespa / WireImage, The 2010 Fall/Winter Ready to Wear show took place Tuesday, March 9th at the Grand Palais, in Paris.
Trailer on http://www.chanel.com/fashion/8-chanel-fashion-show 
More features around the show on http://www.chanel-news.com, Sarah Jessica Parker

Sarah is wearing a pale yellow silk with silver embroidery dress from the 2010 Spring/Summer Haute Couture collection with a CHANEL black satin clutch.

Kevin Mazur / Wireimage, Diane Kruger

Diane is wearing a cream & black camelia embroidered chiffon dress from the 2009/10 Fall/Winter Haute Couture Collection.  Diane is also wearing a Black & White Diamond "Camelia Nervure" brooch in her hair, "Spirale" Diamond ring, White Gold & Diamond "Camelia" studs from CHANEL Fine Jewelry.  She is also wearing a CHANEL black clutch and CHANEL shoes.

Kevin Mazur / Wireimage, Poppy Delevigne wore a tulle dress from the 2010 Pre-Spring Collection.

Dave M. Benett/ Getty Images, Kristen Stewart, who won the "Orange Rising Star Award", wore a white strapless embroidered dress from the 2009 Spring/Summer Haute Couture collection with the "Franges" diamond tennis bracelet and Onyx "Camelia Sculpte" ring in 18K White Gold & Diamonds from CHANEL Fine Jewelry.

Dave M. Benett/ Getty Images, Martin Scorsese directs the new CHANEL Fragrance campaign, CHANEL REINTERPRETS THE ICONIC SLOT MACHINE, Vanessa Paradis, the face of Rouge Coco lip color, in a Chanel chiffon frock.

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Olivier Zahm and Daphne Guinness

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Anouk Lepere

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Kate Bosworth in Chanel

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Poppy Delevigne in Chanel

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Victoria Traina and Vanessa Traina

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Sophie Auster

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Caroline Sieber in Chanel

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Alexandra Richards in Chanel

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Sigrid Agren

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Margherita Missoni

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Heidi Mount in Chanel

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Leigh Lezark in Chanel

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Irina Lazareanu in Chanel

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Edita Vilkeviciute in Chanel

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Mario Sorrenti and Mary Frey

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Lauren Santo Domingo

Chanel Rouge Coco Dinner
Photo by Olivier Borde, Discover the creative force behind the CHANEL trend-defining phenomenons! 
Peter Philips, Global Creative Director of Makeup, has a serious talent for setting new trends every season. Discover the backstory behind the CHANEL beauty genius on style.com., CHANEL introduces ROUGE COCO, a luxurious line of lip colour designed by Peter Philips, Creative Director of CHANEL Makeup. Inspired by the iconic lipstick developed by Mademoiselle Chanel in 1954, ROUGE COCO implements the latest technology to deliver a modern interpretation of the classic feminine essential., Penelope Cruz was wearing a long asymmetrical satin red dress Chanel Haute Couture.

The dress has been specially chosen by Karl Lagerfeld for Penelope from the Chanel Conservatoire. This unique dress was shown during the Spring/Summer Haute Couture show of Karl Lagerfeld for Chanel in1989.

Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images, Kate Hudson was wearing a black and silver embroidered dress from the Fall/Winter Haute Couture collection.

Kevin Mazur/Getty  Images, Paris-Shanghai (http://www.chanel-paris-shanghai.com), Paris-Shanghai (http://www.chanel-paris-shanghai.com), Paris-Shanghai (http://www.chanel-paris-shanghai.com), Paris-Shanghai (http://www.chanel-paris-shanghai.com), Fine Jewelry on More.Madame, Paris-Shanghai (http://www.chanel-paris-shanghai.com), Paris-Shanghai (http://www.chanel-paris-shanghai.com), Paris-Shanghai (http://www.chanel-paris-shanghai.com), Paris-Shanghai (http://www.chanel-paris-shanghai.com), Paris-Shanghai (http://www.chanel-paris-shanghai.com), Paris-Shanghai (http://www.chanel-paris-shanghai.com), Paris-Shanghai (http://www.chanel-paris-shanghai.com), Vanessa Paradis Named the Face for ROUGE COCO, Paris-Shanghai (http://www.chanel-paris-shanghai.com), null, null, null, null, N°5. Into the dream.
Reveal the reverie., CHANEL introduces CHANCE, an original, youthful fragrance, in which fresh floral notes contrast with sweet and spicy elements. Created by Jacques Polge, the scent takes its inspiration from Gabrielle Chanel's belief in the power of talismans and good luck charms., null, CHANEL launches COCO MADEMOISELLE, a feminine and sexy scent inspired by the irrepressible spirit of Mademoiselle Chanel. Modeled on the original COCO, this fresh oriental fragrance offers delicate notes of orange and bergamot, complemented by infusions of floral and spice., null, N°5. Shhh…
Discover the story of CHANEL on a new online destination, coming soon., null, null, CHANEL introduces EGOÏSTE, an original, invigorating scent that defied the conventions of men's fragrance, expressing potent notes of sandalwood and bourbon vanilla., null, Who is Chanel N°5?
Follow the adventure., CHANEL launches COCO, the first women's fragrance created by Jacques Polge. Inspired by Venetian history and Baroque style, this oriental floral scent expresses a provocative vision of Old-World opulence., null, CHANEL launches ANTAEUS, a potent, unmistakably masculine Eau de Toilette for men, and the first of Jacques Polge's many creations for the House of CHANEL., null, null, null, N°5. Lost in feelings.
The story of CHANEL comes to life on a new online destination, coming October 5th., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null)