List(Our patio will be opening this Monday, April 4!, Samuel Adams Cold Snap, Harpoon Brewery IPA, Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Grapefruit Sculpin, and Great Divide Brewing Co. Denver Pale Ale are a few of tonight's draft specials!, Our *vegetarian* Beet Salad tosses fresh beets, chopped romaine, and diced tomatoes with a citrus-walnut vinaigrette. 

Topped with toasted walnuts and Stilton blue cheese, and served with garlic crostinis!, These Vegetarian Corn Cakes are back on the menu!

Pan-seared and baked corn cakes served with pico de gallo and sliced avocado, topped with a scallion-mustard remoulade., LuLu's BLT, created by Lulu's Allston Executive Chef Sarah Wade, is back on our menu!

Thickly cut pecan-wood smoked bacon, bibb lettuce, farm tomatoes with herb-garlic mayo and sundried tomato spread on Texas toast. Served with mixed greens, diced tomatoes, and cucumbers with a balsamic herb vinaigrette., It's ALWAYS a good time for Onion Rings!

(photo by @lhendu), What to eat today. Happy #NationalRavioliDay!, @kreusch802's table made some good decisions. What's your favorite thing on our menu?, We're thrilled to have the Blue Ginger, created by Blue Ginger Executive Chef/Owner Ming Tsai, back on the menu!

Tuna steak grilled RARE with a teriyaki glaze on onion focaccia with Boston bibb lettuce, sliced tomato, sliced avocado, wasabi aioli, and topped with chopped scallions. Sided with an Asian slaw., We'll be closing early tonight for a staff holiday party. Kitchen is open until 3pm and bar is open until 4pm. See you soon!, Come feast on the Schlesinger while it's on special!, Thanks Zagat for listing us as one of 24 Late-Night Menus to Try Before the T Stops! (We're right by Massachusetts Avenue.), Get through the week with one of these! 🍪🍦🍪🍦🍪🍦

(photo by @allishimp), Cheers!

(photo by @afarr3), The Big Cheese, created by Parish Owner Peter Culpo, is on the menu for spring!

Fontina cheese, applewood smoked bacon, and sliced tomato on grilled French Pullman bread. #WOW., null, NEW spring menu! Take a look and see what we've added this time around., Cheers!

(photo by @jrhostins), We have some great beverage choices tonight!, All in favor of a pile of Onion Rings...

✋✋✋, "Bloody Mary type of day." -@bostonbabyfoodie, TGIF! Time to kick off the weekend at Parish II., A wonderful photo @elanamarks took right outside this evening!, After a week of renovations, we're back in the swing of things today! There's a table waiting for you.

(photo by @massmusings), REMINDER: we will be closing today at 4pm for a week of renovations!

See you on the 15th :), Snowy day comfort food: Baked Mac & Cheese!

This casserole of macaroni is mixed with a homemade sauce of Romano and Monterey Jack cheeses and finely diced white onions. Baked in the oven and topped with Gruyère cheese and Ritz cracker crumbs., We're all about Roasted “Reggae” Wings on #WingWednesday!

A generous portion of baked wings marinated in Jamaican jerk spices, fresh citrus and soy. Served with banana-mango chutney., null, Awesome photo by @elanamarks!, Please note: we will be closed February 7-14 for a week of renovations!, Tonight's drafts!, @rajuthegoldendoodle hanging out in the snowy south end!, Seeking comfort food? This big bowl of Pasta Bolognese is here for you.

Rigatoni pasta sautéed with ground beef, pork, and veal tossed in a spicy tomato sauce and topped with shaved Parmesan!, Quite a creative tip :)

(photo by @cobragurl), The Parish Chicken Sandwich: a baked buttermilk chicken cutlet with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sharp cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, homemade pickles, and a side of chipotle aioli. 

Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw!, Happy Sunday :), White Chocolate Bread Pudding or Ice Cream Sandwich?, An awesome shot taken right down the street by @southendboston!, #ProTip: you should join., #TGIF! 🍺🍴🍷, Which is your favorite appetizer?, null, The Big Cheese is now on special!

Fontina cheese, applewood smoked bacon, and sliced tomato on grilled rye bread. Served with Cape Cod chips., This Deep Fried Pork Chop will suit your comfort food craving.

A Panko breaded deep fried pork chop served with garlic mashed potatoes, creamed corn, and cherry peppers!, "OMG." -@gguzm1 

Yup, that's Sean's Meatloaf Club., Cheers to a new year!, YES, we are open today/tonight. Happy New Year's Eve!, The festivities begin tomorrow!, A customer favorite: the Spicy Tuna Burger.

Sashimi grade yellow fin tuna, finely chopped, formed into a patty and grilled to medium RARE. Served on a classic seeded burger bun with homemade spicy mayo, thinly sliced pickled ginger, chopped scallions, mixed greens, roma tomatoes, toasted sesame seeds and a kabayaki drizzle. 

(photo by @oleg_ucsd), Tonight, we close the kitchen at 4pm and the bar at 5pm before a little holiday break!

See you Saturday :), We hope everyone's ready for the holidays this week! See below for our hours:, Get in the holiday spirit with our new Coconut Cocoa drink!, "Bloody Mary type of day." 
-@bostonbabyfoodie, Give the gift of good food this holiday season🍴, You liked the root beer... now we have the ginger ale! 

Just added to our selection of bottle specials., "Sometimes we just have to stop, drink, relax!"
-@orlando_blaster, The Rialto, created by Rialto Restaurant Chef/Owner Jody Adams, layers thin sliced prosciutto, buffalo mozzarella, and basil pesto on garlic and olive oil rubbed Texas toast. 

Served with a mixed green and sundried tomato salad with a pine nut dressing!, NEW on our drink menu: Coconut Cocoa!

Chocolate coconut Stoli Vodka, Frangelico hot chocolate, whipped cream, coconut flakes, and a chocolate drizzle., Gift certificates are ready for gifting! 🎁, 'Tis the season!, Join us after work for a special draft!

We're pouring Speakeasy Ales & Lagers, Samuel Adams, Stone Brewing Co., Blue Point Brewery, Pabst Blue Ribbon, Singlecut Beersmiths, Magners USA, Shipyard Brewing Company, Mayflower Brewing Company, Long Trail Brewing, Queen City Brewery, LLC, Backlash Beer Co., and Jack's Abby Brewing., "125 beers down and 100 percent friendship along the way." 
-@jpapavizas, Happy Sunday :), It's #NationalCookieDay!

You know what that means..., When in doubt, choose a few sandwiches to share!

(Photo by @snow_pi), It's delish!, A great thing to do in the south end on a Sunday!, Looking for some lighter fare today?

Try our *vegetarian* Beet Salad, tossing fresh beets, chopped romaine, and diced tomatoes with a citrus-walnut vinaigrette. Topped with toasted walnuts and Stilton blue cheese, and served with garlic crostinis!, Please note: we will be closed tomorrow for Thanksgiving! 

We hope you have a wonderful holiday :), The Eggplant Milanesa, created by Coppa Restaurant South End & Toro Chef/Owner Jamie Bissonnette, is back on the menu!

Thinly sliced breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado puree, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with Chipotle Mexican slaw., We're happy to see #MyFab5 feature Sean's Meatloaf Club!

"Thanksgiving, is that you in a sandwich!?"

If you can't wait until Thursday, stop by earlier this week to satisfy some cravings!, Time for some new draft specials!, The Schlesinger, created by East Coast Grill Executive Chef/Owner Chris Schlesinger, is back on the menu!

Warm banana nut bread served open faced with melted Monterey Jack cheese and thinly sliced ham. Sided with mango chutney and purple cabbage slaw., Front row to the sunset show!, @misskpham vouches for Sean's Simple Chicken!

Tenderized, breaded chicken cutlets sautéed in chicken stock, olive oil, fresh lemon juice, parsley, and garlic with diced tomatoes and capers. Served over garlic mashed potatoes and baby spinach drizzled with balsamic vinegar and olive oil., Baked Mac and Cheese is more than suitable for a day like this.

A casserole of macaroni mixed with a homemade sauce of Romano and Monterey jack cheeses and finely diced white onions. Baked in the oven and topped with Gruyère cheese and Ritz cracker crumbs!, @southendboston came in for Sean's Meatloaf Club! 

Homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and a chipotle aioli. Served with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy., All eyes are on the Patriots!, We now have one of our favorite bottle specials: Narragansett Allie's Donuts!, Craving Sunday morning eggs? Get ready for the Elephant Walking on Eggs.

Created by The Elephant Walk Chef/Owner Gerard Lopez, this sandwich is made up of three New England eggs served omelette style with assorted juliened vegetables and fresh goat cheese on a French baguette. Sided with mixed greens, diced tomatoes, and cucumbers with a balsamic vinaigrette., The Lumiere, created by lumiere the restaurant Chef/Owner Michael Leviton, is back on the menu!, This Deep Fried Pork Chop is *NEW* on our menu!, This Fall Salad is still on special!

Romaine, dried cranberries, baked butternut squash, goat cheese, and roasted pumpkin seeds with cinnamon dressing and brioche crostini., null, Happy #NationalSandwichDay!

We're celebrating with the Eggplant Milanesa ― on special now!

Thinly sliced breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with blackbean spread, Oaxaca cheese, avocado, and chipotle aioli served with Mexican slaw., We received so many creative entries for the the Pumpkin Contest! Winners are as follows:

Parish 1:
1st place: Make Way for Ducklings 
2nd place: Parish Cafe logo with Zuni Roll
3rd place: Caramel Apples

Parish 2:
1st place: Beauty and the Beast
2nd place: Marshmallow Man
3rd place: Cinderella Carriage, #Halloweekend isn't over just yet!

(photo by @cobragurl), MORE pumpkins for the Parish Cafe Pumpkin Decorating Contest!

You have until midnight *tonight* to deliver yours to either location! Remember, no carving, piercing, or puncturing of any kind.

🎃 First prize: $500
🎃 Second prize: $250
🎃 Third prize: $100

Winners will be announced on Halloween!, This wonderful Fall Salad is now on special!

Romaine, dried cranberries, baked butternut squash, goat cheese, and roasted pumpkin seeds with cinnamon dressing and brioche crostini. #WOW, We've got another sweet for you!

Salted Caramel Martini: salted caramel vodka and Baileys served with a salted caramel rim.

Now, bring on the treats!, The pumpkins are coming! Here's a Minion and a mummy. 

All entries are due tomorrow (Thursday) by midnight! Remember, no carving, piercing, or puncturing of any kind. 

🎃 First prize: $500
🎃 Second prize: $250
🎃 Third prize: $100 

Winners will be announced on Halloween!, What do we recommend for #NationalAmericanBeerDay?

Small Town Brewery Not Your Father's Root Beer. Cheers!, Because it's Sunday. #Cheers, Pumpkin Contest submissions are due on Thursday 10/29!

Here are a couple from last year for inspiration 🎃, The Schlow is back on special! 

Created by Tico's Michael Schlow: roasted RARE sirloin, sliced thin, with caramelized onions, tomato confit, arugula, and a horseradish-cream sauce. Served on Tuscan wheat bread and sided with coleslaw and mixed greens., An evening view of the neighborhood from inside. 

(Photo by @derringer1), null, "Parish Cafe never fails."

Thanks Northeastern University Spoon for coming in!, @get_hangry just enjoyed two chocolate chip cookies stuffed with vanilla ice cream and drizzled with chocolate sauce! #SWEET., The sun is shining, autumn is in the air, and there are only a few open markets left for the season!

Take a stroll around the area, do some shopping, and top it off with some food and drinks at Parish :), Boo! Are you ready to try the GHOSTINI? 

Stoli Vodka Vanil, GODIVA White Chocolate Liqueur, Frangelico, and rimmed with grounded coffee., Sean's Simple Chicken: Pounded, breaded chicken cutlets sautéed in chicken stock, olive oil, fresh lemon juice, parsley, and garlic with diced tomatoes and capers. 

Served over garlic-mashed potatoes and baby spinach drizzled with balsamic vinegar and olive oil!, Trick-or-Treat, we've got your sweets!

Atomic Firebomb: Fireball Whisky, ruby Viniq , ginger ale, and an Atomic Fireball candy rim., Looks like a good combo to us!, Complete your weekend with this large dish of oversized Cheese Ravioli and Sweet Italian Sausage for dinner!

Tossed in Sean's homemade gravy and topped with Pecorino cheese., Current sandwich special: The Burke!

Thinly sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata, and provolone cheese served on French bread toasted with olive oil and thinly sliced onions., Thanks Boston.com for featuring the Steak and Blue sandwich, created by Scampo's Lydia Shire!, @heck_tore's new mug ¯\_(ツ)_/¯, Introducing the Adult PSL!

Pumpkin Spice liqueur, butterscotch schnapps, and Baileys Irish cream and milks served up and sprinkled with cinnamon., We're now serving a Caramel Appletini: Captain Morgan original sliced rum, Stoli Vanilla, butterscotch scnapps, fresh apple cider, and a cinnamon sugar rim!, Harpoon Brewery UFO Pumpkin with a cinnamon rim!

(Photo by @andreamskate), Congratulations Kelly Mesa for finally making it big time!, Bring on the pumpkin!

We're now pouring Harpoon Brewery UFO Pumpkin and Shipyard Brewing Company Pumpkinhead Ale!, We're happy to see Spoon University - Northeastern enjoy and post about our Mexican Meatball sandwich!

It's on our regular menu, so you can try it any day :), null, The second annual #ChefsForClefts fundraiser will be hosted at The Tip Tap Room in Beacon Hill on September 28!

We'll be there for a night of Colombian-inspired cocktails and passed hors d’oeuvres with some of Boston's top chefs. All proceeds will benefit the MGH Global Surgical Initiative and support Dr. Jay Austen, Jr.’s mission that assists children with facial deformities.

→ Tickets and info: http://bit.ly/ChefsForClefts2015, Speaking of sandwiches, which is your favorite on our menu?, Our Boylston Street location is hiring!, Wings, anyone? #WingWednesday, We're hiring full-time servers with day, night, and weekend availability!

Ideal candidates will be energetic and have a positive attitude, be a motivated team player with the ability to multi-task, and be reliable and professional in a fast-paced environment. 

To apply, email your resume and availability to parishcafe2@gmail.com!, Whether you're looking for Sunday night dinner, drinks, or snacks, we have all you need and perfect patio seating!

(photo by @bmkten), The Boylston, created by our own Executive Chef/Owner Sean Simmons, is on special! 

Baked haddock on a brioche roll with housemade creamy avocado mayo, lettuce, and tomato. Served with chipotle slaw. Enjoy with Small Town Brewery Not Your Father's Root Beer., Who's in for a pitcher of Sangria?, We're hiring full-time servers with day, night, and weekend availability!

Ideal candidates will be energetic and have a positive attitude, be a motivated team player with the ability to multi-task, and be reliable and professional in a fast-paced environment.

To apply, email your resume and availability to parishcafe2@gmail.com, The Elephant Walking on Eggs will satisfy your brunch cravings!

Three New England eggs omelette style with assorted juliened vegetables and fresh goat cheese on a French baguette. Sided with mixed greens, diced tomatoes, and cucumbers with a balsamic vinaigrette. Created by The Elephant Walk South End Chef/Owner Gerard Lopez., null, Neel is excited about Otter Creek Brewing & Jack's Abby Brewing Joint Custody! "A good, easy-drinking nouveau pilsner.", #WingWednesday calls for our Roasted "Reggae" Wings!

A generous portion of baked roasted wings marinated in Jamaican jerk spices, fresh citrus and soy. Served with banana-mango chutney., Here's a refreshing cocktail for you to try!

Jamaican Rum Punch: Myers's Rum Jamaican Dark, Malibu Rum coconut, orange, pineapple, and lime juices, and a splash of grenadine. Garnished with a cherry and orange slice🍹, Dine on the patio with your furry friends!, We're hiring full-time servers with day, night, and weekend availability!

Ideal candidates will be energetic and have a positive attitude, be a motivated team player with the ability to multi-task, and be reliable and professional in a fast-paced environment.

To apply, email your resume and availability to parishcafe2@gmail.com, We're celebrating #NationalRumDay with a Pineapple Jalapeño Mojito!

Made with pineapple-infused 10 Cane rum, muddled mint, raw jalapeño, fresh lime juice, and sugar., LuLu's BLT, created by Lulu's Allston Executive Chef Sarah Wade, is now on our menu! Certainly a great summer sandwich.

Thickly cut pecan wood smoked bacon, bibb lettuce, farm tomatoes with herb-garlic mayo, and sundried tomato spread on grilled pain de mie., There's nothing like a perfect summer night with our summer Sangria!

Pinot Gris, Smirnoff Raspberry Vodka, freshly muddled basil, mango, strawberry purée, and a splash of lemon lime ― on special now!, Our Beet Salad tosses fresh beets, chopped romaine, and diced tomatoes with a citrus-walnut vinaigrette. 

Topped with toasted walnuts and Stilton blue cheese, and served with garlic crostinis!, The L'Espalier is now on special... come get it before it's gone!

Fresh Maine crab meat in a spicy remoulade on fresh brioche bread with mango, avocado. Sided with mixed greens, Cape Cod chips, and sea salt., The Nebo is back!

Italian style tuna on a crunchy baguette with an olive tapenade, Mediterranean aioli, lettuce, tomato, sliced hard boiled eggs, fresh basil, sliced red onions and a balsamic drizzle. Served with a string-bean and tomato salad in a lemon-olive oil dressing.

Created by Nebo Restaurant - Pallotta Sisters!, Did someone say eggs?

The Elephant Walking on Eggs, created by The Elephant Walk Chef/Owner Gerard Lopez, serves up three New England eggs omelette style with assorted juliened vegetables and fresh goat cheese on a French baguette. Sided with mixed greens, diced tomatoes, and cucumbers with a balsamic vinaigrette., What are you waiting for?🍻, Celebrate #NationalChickenWingDay with our Roasted "Reggae" Wings!

"Without a doubt some of the best wings in Boston." 
-Phantom Gourmet, The Steak and Blue, created by Scampo Executive Chef/Owner Lydia Shire, is back on our menu!

Thickly sliced RARE tenderloin on blue cheese bread with red marinated onions and Roquefort butter. Served with pickled ginger cabbage and mixed greens topped with marinated red onions., Have you tried the B&G Lobster Roll yet? New to our menu!, Thinking about a Thursday evening beer? We suggest Dark Horse Brewing Co. Tres Blueberry Stout,  "a full bodied stout made with all malted barley and blueberry."

Flavors of chocolate, roast malt, and light blueberry make up the palate with lots of fruity blueberry aroma., Today's special refresher: Pineapple Jalapeño Mojito!

Made with pineapple-infused 10 Cane rum, muddled mint, raw jalapeño, fresh lime juice, and sugar., Sean's Simple Meatball with toasted crostinis vs. Roasted “Reggae” Wings... which appetizer is your favorite?, Looks like summer!, @waylonrobert's table made three great choices: Zuni Roll, Bowl-O-Rings, and Sean's Simple Chicken 🍴, Some members of City Year joined us last night!, Tonight's specials! Enjoy LuLu's BLT for dinner with one of these bottles while they last., Created by Ostra Boston Chef Mitchell Randall, Le Mistral is made with garlic and rosemary marinated beef tenderloin grilled to medium rare on ciabatta with caramelized onions, chive mashed potatoes, melted Bel Paese cheese, seasoned arugula, a truffle aioli and crispy onions., Who's headed to the South End Open Market at SoWa today?, Join us after work for an almost-weekend cocktail.

(Thanks @bcorn007 for the photo!), The Parish Hurricane is a perfect refreshing drink for a hot day: Bacardi pineapple rum, Myers dark rum, pineapple, orange, & pomegranate juices, and a splash of grenadine., Sean's Simple Chicken: Pounded, breaded chicken cutlets sautéed in chicken stock, olive oil, fresh lemon juice, parsley, and garlic with diced tomatoes and capers. 

Served over garlic-mashed potatoes and baby spinach drizzled with balsamic vinegar and olive oil!, Introducing the Patriotic Rum Runner! Made with Blue Curaco, strawberry Purée, coconut Creme, and Cruzan Rum., Pair today's sandwich special with a bottle and enjoy out on the patio!, It's just about that time... join us for your favorite cocktail or beer after work!, A rainy day calls for a big bowl of comfort food🍴

Baked Mac and Cheese: a casserole of macaroni mixed with a homemade sauce of Romano and Monterey jack cheeses and finely diced white onions. Baked in the oven and topped with Gruyère cheese and Ritz cracker crumbs!, The Hot and Cold Chicken Salad = protein + greens + a ton of flavor!

Grilled and chilled chicken breast marinated in olive oil and garlic served with arugula, caramelized almonds, shaved carrots, and chilled snap peas over warm sticky rice with a sesame-soy vinaigrette. 

(Thanks @justwant_toeat for the photo!), Inspired by old recipes of Indian beer, Xingu Black is a very well balanced beer with subtle aromas and personality. 

We have some bottles on special right now ― come try one before they're gone!, Neel's favorite sandwich is the dbar because he loves the combination of Gruyère cheese, veal cutlet, and tomato-caper relish.

It was also created by dbar Executive Chef/Owner Chris Coombs!, Craving eggs? We have a perfect sandwich for you.

The Egg Sandwich Lyonnaise: two eggs fried over-easy and served on toasted white bread with applewood smoked bacon, sliced tomato, sliced red onion, frisée, and a dijon mustard aioli. Created by Craigie On Main Chef/Owner Tony Maws!, Looking for an after-work snack? @marissasbeer settled for some wings and beer!, We had a great time at the CLUCKIT! opening across the street yesterday!, The Hot and Cold Chicken Salad: grilled and chilled chicken breast marinated in olive oil and garlic. Served with arugula, caramelized almonds, shaved carrots, and chilled snap peas over warm sticky rice with a sesame-soy vinaigrette!, There's no better way to cool off than with two chocolate chip cookies stuffed with vanilla ice cream and drizzled with chocolate sauce!, It's a perfect patio day here in the South End. 🍴🍹

Thanks @chlo_fl0 for the photo!, Today's sandwich special, the Summer Shack, is very appropriate for today's weather!

Beer battered, pan-fried haddock seasoned with sea salt, lettuce, tomato, and tomato remoulade. Created by Summer Shack's Jasper White!, Today, we're looking at the Dbar, created by Deuxave Owner Chris Coombs: breaded and pan fried veal cutlet on a toasted baguette with applewood smoked bacon, Gruyere cheese, tomato-caper relish, and tarragon mustard aioli. 

Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or coleslaw. Yum!, There's a fashion show happening over at SoWa Sundays! today!, We're lunching on the Elephant Walking on Eggs ― now on special!

Three New England eggs sautéed with an assortment of julienned vegetables and fresh goat cheese served omelette style on a French baguette. Created by The Elephant Walk South End Executive Chef/Owner Gerard Lopez., It's dinner time, and we're thinking about this large pasta dish of oversized cheese ravioli and sweet Italian sausage tossed in Sean's homemade gravy! Topped with Pecorino cheese., Anybody headed over to the market today?, TGIF!

We approve of this combo. Take it out on the patio and soak up the sun!, Brasserie Caracole Troublette is one of tonight's bottle specials! Neel says it's a great summer beer with a little citrusy taste., Trying to decide on a sandwich? @keconklin chose the Bristol with rosemary, thyme, and garlic marinated grilled chicken breast.

Created by The Bristol Lounge Chef Brooke Vosika, this one is served on toasted focaccia with Boursin cheese, a homemade Béarnaise aioli, Boston Bibb lettuce and sliced tomato. Sided with arugula topped with shaved Parmesan, lemon zest in a lemon vinaigrette., If you're grilling up some regular burgers later this weekend, we suggest you stop in for something a little bit different: a Spicy Tuna Burger with sashimi grade yellow fin tuna, finely chopped & formed into a patty and grilled to medium rare. 

Created by O Ya Restaurant Executive Chef/Owner Tim Cushman, this one is served on a classic seeded burger bun with homemade spicy mayo, thinly sliced pickled ginger, chopped scallions, mixed greens, roma tomatoes, toasted sesame seeds, and a kabayaki drizzle., @jikaymilli chose a perfect lunch combo! 

•Le Mistral: Garlic and rosemary marinated beef tenderloin grilled to medium rare on ciabatta with caramelized onions, chive mashed potatoes, melted Bel Paese cheese, seasoned arugula, a truffle aioli and crispy onions. Served with Cape Cod potato chips.

•Nicoise Salad: Grilled rare tuna steak, topped with a dollop of wasabi aioli, and served over a bed of greens with sliced hard boiled eggs, Kalamata olives, string beans, tomatoes, and diced cucumbers. Tossed in a fresh lemon-olive oil dressing., We're in love with our COCO-RUN!

St. Croix Cruzan Rum, Coco Liquor, milk, and chocolate sauce served on the rocks with coffee-coco sprinkles., There's something comforting about a hot coffee on a rainy day..., Have you had the Egg Sandwich Lyonnaise since it returned to the menu? It's perfect for that early afternoon brunch craving!

Two eggs fried over-easy and served on toasted white bread with applewood smoked bacon, sliced tomato, sliced red onion, frisée, and a dijon mustard aioli. Created by Craigie On Main Chef/Owner Tony Maws., Celebrate #NationalChocolateChipDay and reward yourself after a long week with an Ice Cream Sandwich!

Two warm chocolate chip cookies stuffed with vanilla ice cream and drizzled with chocolate sauce. Sweet!, The Eggplant Milanesa, created by Coppa & Toro Chef/Owner Jamie Bissonnette: thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese., This is certainly ideal for weather like this... grab a seat outside, catch the evening breeze, and relax!, TGIF! Will you kick off your weekend with drinks on the patio or inside by the window?, Dinner suggestion: the Parish Panini with our Chicken & Rice Soup ― both on now! Enjoy with one of the current bottle specials., Shout out to Thrillist for recommending us as one of Boston's beer bars!, Now this is a perfect lunch setting. Join us on the patio for some food and drinks!, All eyes on the Derby!, You'll get a delicious helping of thinly sliced, breaded, and pan fried eggplant when ordering the Eggplant Milanesa, created by Coppa Enoteca & Torro Chef/Owner Jamie Bissonnette.

Served on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Sided with chipotle Mexican slaw., We're excited for opening day at SoWa this Sunday!, The Parish Hurricane is on special! 

End your weekend with this tropical blend of Bacardi pineapple rum, Myers dark rum, orange juice, pom juice, lime juice, and a splash of grenadine. Garnished with a cherry and orange slice., @jennpackva just decided on The Boylston, created by Executive Chef/Owner Sean Simmons.

Baked haddock on a brioche roll with housemade creamy avocado mayo, lettuce, raw red onion, and tomato. Served with chipotle slaw., Thursday night at Parish II!, "Basically we love food." -@jacthewaffle 

You came to the right place! Nobody can go wrong with gourmet sandwiches, a fair share of veggies, and giant onion rings., Even in the rain, we celebrated #MarathonMonday!, This is a great photo gallery from yesterday's #MarathonMonday preparation!, Looks like this weather's here to stay! We have a great spot in the South End... sandwiches and drinks on the patio, anyone?, Settle down after work tonight with a Mint Chocolatini! Made with Dr. McGillicuddy, vanilla Stoli Vodka, coco de mente, and a chocolate rim., The result of a Mexican Meatball with cilantro-infused Mexican meatballs on a toasted baguette with a chipotle and jalapeño au jus, pepper jack cheese, red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes., Sundays are for Bloody Marys. End your weekend right!, The Schlow, created by Tico's Michael Schlow, is on special along with Chicken & Rice Soup and some great bottles & cocktails!, We hope to see some of you Muggers tonight after work in honor of #NationalBeerDay!

Let us know what you're drinking on Untappd & unlock the 2015 edition of their “National Beer Day” badge., Monday night in motion!, Happy Easter! We'd love to see you for lunch or dinner, as we're open regular hours. Enjoy the day!, Our patio is finally open!, We hope you're enjoying this weather! 

If you're strolling the South End, stop in for a Parish Hurricane with Bacardi pineapple rum, Myers dark rum, orange, pomegranate, & fresh lime juices, and a splash of grenadine., When it's this nice out, we can't help but reach for a fruity, refreshing drink like The Bog!

Cranberry Deep Eddy Vodka, chipotle cranberry, lime, and soda water served on the rocks., "I'm so belly happy." -@kellyufit on The Bristol, created by The Bristol Lounge Chef Brooke Vosika

Rosemary, thyme, and garlic marinated, grilled chicken breast on toasted focaccia with Boursin cheese, a homemade Béarnaise aioli, Boston Bibb lettuce, and sliced tomato., Happy Sunday! Cheers to a new week., "I was impressed by all the sandwich options they had... I loved that the recipe for each sandwich comes from a different chef from Boston restaurants."

That said, @musteatboston just had (and loved!) the Spicy Tuna Burger created by O Ya Restaurant's Tim Cushman., Sean Simmons' Veggie Delight is on special tonight!

A three-cheese lasagna with ricotta and mozzarella, topped with Romano... delish., Our go-to sandwich? The Zuni Roll.

Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla and served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream with scallions., Created by our own Executive Chef/Owner Sean Simmons, the Parish Chicken Sandwich layers a baked buttermilk chicken cutlet on a deluxe roll with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sharp cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, homemade pickles, and a side of homemade chipotle aioli. 

Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., Is your Sunday off to a slow start? We have what you need.

Relax by the window with some hot coffee and a view of the sunny South End!, The Nebo, created by Nebo Restaurant - Pallotta Sisters, is on special now!

Italian tuna, tomato, lettuce, sliced hard boiled egg, fresh basil, olive tapenade, and a mediterranean aioli. Sided with green beans and tomatoes tossed in a lemon olive oil dressing., We've got the spirit! Come by tonight for a Leprechaun Kiss, made with Midori, peach schnapps, apple cider, and fresh lime juice., Happy #StPatricksDay! We're celebrating with our Parish Shamrock Shake, made with whipped Pinnacle Vodka, coco de menthe, crème de menthe, and milk.

Come try it with your lunch, on a mid-afternoon break, or after work!, FYI, we're open until 2am... your weekend isn't over yet!

Forget about the snow and end your weekend with a warm dish of Baked Mac & Cheese., Does the rain have you down?

Sweeten your night with two warm chocolate chip cookies stuffed with vanilla ice cream and drizzled with chocolate sauce. Now that's an Ice Cream Sandwich!, A special thank you to Nani for giving us our boy back...

Coming soon: Lloyd & Nani's., We're ready for St. Patty's Day with our Parish Shamrock Shake!

Made with whipped Pinnacle Vodka, coco de menthe, crème de menthe, and milk., Long week? Wind down after work this evening with a glass of wine and some eats. @solmayra__r has the right idea!, null, Can't decide on a sandwich? Neel recommends the dbar, created by dbar Executive Chef/Owner Chris Coombs.

"I like the combination of Gruyère cheese, veal cutlet, and tomato-caper relish.", Please note: we have a staff holiday party tomorrow and will be closing the kitchen at 4pm/bar at 4:30pm.

We'll be back regular hours on Tuesday!, The Egg Sandwich Lyonnaise is back on the menu, and perfect for that early afternoon brunch craving!

Two eggs fried over-easy and served on toasted white bread with applewood smoked bacon, sliced tomato, sliced red onion, frisée, and a dijon mustard aioli. Created by Tony Maws, Craigie On Main Chef/Owner., The Egg Quesadilla has been officially added to the menu!

A cheese quesadilla on top of a black bean spread, topped with two eggs over medium, pico de gallo, and sour cream. Try it on your lunch break and you'll be set for the day!, Among today's specials are The Burke and our Michelada cocktail. Add a hot soup and call it a day!, This is our Luxury Manhattan made with Woodford Reserve and Luxardo cherry juice. Cheers!, Wrap up your weekend with a seat at our bar, Gentleman Ginger in hand.

Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey, ginger syrup, honey, fresh squeezed lemon, and ginger ale., Congratulations! Gordon had a baby!, Skip your usual and kick off the weekend with something different, like the Parish Buttered Rum cocktail!

Made with Bacardi Oakheart Rum, butterscotch liquor, and coffee served hot with whipped cream and crushed Butterfingers., TGIF!, Among today's specials is the Flour B.L.T., made with applewood smoked bacon, tomato confit, Bibb lettuce, and basil mayo on Texas Toast.

Enjoy with some soup and your favorite drink!, Happy Monday! Power up with a sandwich that will keep you going 'til dinner time, like the Parish Chicken or Le Mistral., It's Saturday night, and we suggest a drink that almost doubles as a dessert!

The Russian Espresso, made with vanilla Stoli Vodka, BAILEYS Coffee Creamers, espresso Pinnacle Vodka, and milk, is served on the rocks and topped with cocoa & coffee powder., We're being copy cats with today's drink special! We're currently pouring Micheladas, which were on Parish Cafe's drink menu a few months back!

beer | homemade bloody mary mix | applewood smoked bacon | olives | lemon, The Dbar, created by Deuxave Owner Chris Coombs, is just as mouth-watering as it looks.

Breaded and pan fried veal cutlet with applewood smoked bacon, Gruyere cheese, tomato caper relish, and tarragon mustard aioli on a toasted baguette., Thanks Zagat for featuring our Cheese Ravioli and Sweet Sausage as a "must-try" in Boston!, Our favorite a cappella gang Sound Off stopped by despite the freezing cold last night to celebrate their EP (being released February 28th) and to sing some Spice Girls!, We have a new drink to get you through all this snow: Parish Gin and Juice! Made with SILO gin, orange, pineapple, guava, and lime juice. Sip & enjoy!, We will be closed today ― stay safe and warm, everyone!, If you're working on your mug at Parish Cafe, remember you can join us here for the weekend while they finish renovating!, Happy Valentine's Day!, Kick off Friday night with this drink & dessert combo: an Ice Cream Sandwich and our French 75 cocktail!, Celebrate Valentine's Day with us tomorrow and sip a Love Potion #9!

Made with whipped Pinnacle Vodka, strawberry purée, and cream., When you're craving a filling sandwich or salad, we have quite a few options for you to choose from!

Two suggestions: the Parish Chicken Sandwich or a Beet Salad. View the rest your options here: http://bit.ly/1DJi0TQ, Wednesday night continues here in the South End... 

If you're working on your mug at Parish I, you can join us here for the rest of the week while they finish renovating!, The Egg Quesadilla with black bean spread, pico de gallo, sour cream, Monterey Jack & cheddar cheeses, and over-medium eggs, is now on special!

For a little extra something, pair with one of our hot soups of the day: Three Bean Chili or Chicken Corn Chowder., Due to the weather, we're closed again today. Be safe and stay tuned for our re-opening!, While you're enjoying the snow (and hopefully a day off), we'll be closed for renovations today and re-opening tomorrow, 2/9. 

Please note our other Parish Cafe location on Boylston Street is closed all week for renovations and will re-open on Monday, 2/16 at 11:30am.

See you soon!, @meggu1003 made a classic Sunday afternoon beverage choice with a Bloody Mary. 

...tempted?, The Pear-fect Cocktail is now on special, just in time for your Friday after-work drink!

Made with Absolut pear, lemon juice, muddled blueberries, and simple syrup., The Blue Ginger, created by Blue Ginger Executive Chef/Owner Ming Tsai, is a sandwich that will get you through the rest of your work day.

Grilled, rare tuna steak brushed with teriyaki glaze, served on scallion focaccia with avocado, wasabi aioli, lettuce, & tomato, and with a mild Asian slaw. Filling and delicious!, Current bottle specials: Newburyport Brewing Co. Greenhead IPA, Naukabout APA, Long Trail Brewing Ale.

Stop by after the parade or work to celebrate the victory with us!, Beat the snow today and join us for some Baked Mac & Cheese paired with a Parish Buttered Rum cocktail!, Do your job!, Our Vegetarian Corn Cakes make for a satisfying afternoon or pre-going out snack! If your day is packed, stop by the bar later and enjoy with a late-night drink.

Pan seared and baked corn cakes served with pico de gallo and sliced avocado, topped with scallion-mustard remoulade., We are open regular hours today ― see you for lunch!, Snow hours for the Wilcox Hospitality Group:

-Parish Cafe & Parish Cafe II: Closing at 10pm tonight. / Closed Tuesday.
-Lower Depths: Closing at 11pm tonight. / Closed Tuesday.
-The Tip Tap Room: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Open Tuesday 4 or 5pm (if weather & safety allow) with limited snow menu.
-Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Closed Tuesday.
-Estelle's Southern Cuisine: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Closed Tuesday.
-Bukowski Boston & Cambridge: Open for food tonight until 11pm. Drinks until... / Open Tuesday 4 or 5pm (if weather & safety allow) with limited snow menu., Spending Sunday night with our friends from Flour Bakery+Cafe!, Join us for Sunday dinner with a large dish of Cheese Ravioli and Sweet Sausage!

Oversized cheese ravioli and sweet Italian sausage tossed in Sean's homemade gravy and topped with Pecorino cheese., So, how many of you want to copy @brittanywin13's choices for today's lunch?

The Zuni Roll wraps up smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce in a flour tortilla. Enjoy with one of our specialty mocktails or cocktails and you'll power through the rest of the day!, Le Mistral, stuffed with garlic and rosemary marinated beef tenderloin grilled to medium rare, is now on special!

Enjoy with one of our draft specials: Anderson Valley Brewing Company Oatmeal Stout or Otter Creek Brewing Rye IPA., "I wish I could eat this sandwich everyday." -@somedaytraveller

If you're from the area, you can! Sean's Meatloaf Club, created by our own Sean Simmons, is stuffed with homemade chipotle meatloaf, applewood smoked bacon, Romaine, sliced tomato, and a chipotle aioli. Served with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy., No case of the Mondays over here. Enjoy the rest of your day off with a decadent, chocolate-drizzled Ice Cream Sandwich!

(Photo by @rtquint), "Sandwiches are the way to my heart." - @kchen08

In that case, he chose the right place to eat. With poultry, beef, pork, and vegetarian sandwich options, we may just win you over, too., We have a special just in time for your Thursday after-work drink! 

Chocolate Salted Caramel: Baileys US caramel, Jameson Irish Whiskey, creme de cocoa, coffee, whipped cream, and kosher salt., We had a great time when Sound Off paid us a visit last night! What better way to start the new year than with our favorite acapella group?, End the weekend on a high note with Baked Mac & Cheese for Sunday dinner!

A casserole of macaroni mixed in a homemade Romano & Monterey jack cheese sauce with finely diced white onions. Baked in the oven and topped with Gruyère cheese and Ritz cracker crumbs., We're kicking of the weekend ― join us after work! #TGIF, Rising Tide Brewing Company Ishmael American Copper Ale is now on tap! 

Named after Moby-Dick's narrator and protagonist Ishmael, it's "a slightly sweet and malty beer balanced by a firm bitterness.", Will you sip a Parish Buttered Rum Cocktail or indulge in a serving of White Chocolate Bread Pudding?

Or both? We can't decide which is a better choice for National Whipped Cream Day..., The Schlesinger, created by East Coast Grill's Chris Schlesinger, is on special now!

An open-faced sandwich of melted Monterey Jack cheese & smoked ham on banana-nut bread, served with pickled ginger, cabbage, and mango chutney. Happy lunching!, Today's not only a toast to a new year, but also to five years of Parish 2!

We're celebrating with the French 75 cocktail: a champagne float with Bombay Sapphire & a lemon twist. Cheers!, We may not serve brunch, but the Elephant Walking on Eggs sandwich, served omelette style on a French baguette, will do the trick!

Pair with a Mimosa to start the year off right!, Peak Organic Brewing Mocha Stout is now on tap!

Enjoy with our Ice Cream Sandwich as a New Year's Eve treat!, Whether you had your morning coffee or not, we know you can enjoy a Russian Espresso cocktail!

Made with vanilla Stoli Vodka, BAILEYS Coffee Creamers, espresso Pinnacle Vodka, and milk served on the rocks, and topped with cocoa and coffee powder., Cheese Ravioli & Sweet Sausage is a NEW entree on our menu!

Oversized cheese ravioli and sweet Italian sausage tossed in Sean's homemade gravy and topped with Pecorino cheese. Filling and full of flavor!, If you're still stuffed from yesterday, our Vegetarian Corn Cakes are enough to fill you up without going overboard.

Pan seared and baked corn cakes served with pico de gallo and sliced avocado, topped with scallion-mustard remoulade., Merry Christmas to all! 

We will be closing at 5 tonight and all day tomorrow - see you Friday!, The Pudding Portobello is now on special... save some room before the holiday feasting begins!

Portobello mushrooms, casa de Roma cheese with onion marmalade, and walnut parsley pesto on rosemary focaccia. Sided with white bean salad., Created by Blue Ginger Executive Chef/Owner Ming Tsai, the Blue Ginger sandwich is made with grilled, rare tuna steak brushed with teriyaki glaze.

Served on scallion focaccia with avocado, wasabi aioli, lettuce, & tomato, and with a mild Asian slaw. Mouth-watering!, Our Baked Mac & Cheese is quite cheesy... in a good way.

A casserole of macaroni mixed with a homemade sauce of Romano & Monterey jack cheeses finely diced with onions, baked in the oven, and topped with Gruyère cheese and Ritz cracker crumbs., Come by after work to enjoy one (or both) of our new taps! Newburyport Brewing Co. Green Head IPA & Ithaca Beer Co. Embrr., Why settle for a salad on #MeatlessMonday when you can have the Eggplant Milanesa?

Created by Coppa Enoteca & Toro Chef/Owner Jamie Bissonnette, this vegetarian sandwich layers thinly sliced, breaded, and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese., Continue your weekend with something sweet: two warm chocolate chip cookies stuffed with vanilla ice cream and drizzled with chocolate sauce.

Now that's an Ice Cream Sandwich worth indulging in! 

(Photo by @rtquint), Travis recommends Long Trail Brewing's Limbo IPA, and is ready to pour you one this afternoon!

"A big, mouth-watering IPA, brimming with all the flavors and aromas of the new breed of hops coming from Australia and the Pacific Northwest.", Meet the Dbar, created by Deuxave Owner Chris Coombs.

Breaded and pan fried veal cutlet with applewood smoked bacon, Gruyere cheese, tomato caper relish, and tarragon mustard aioli on a toasted baguette is just as mouth-watering as it looks., Happy Sunday!

Our bartender Ciaran has made a new cocktail for you to enjoy: Coco de Mente Martini!, The Rialto, created by Rialto Restaurant Chef/Owner Jody Adams, is looking really good right about now... must be the thinly sliced prosciutto, buffalo mozzarella, and basil pesto.

Served with a mixed green & sundried tomato salad with pine nut dressing. Happy Friday to you!, Long Trail Brewing's Limbo IPA is now on tap — come try it after work!

"A big, mouth-watering IPA, brimming with all the flavors and aromas of the new breed of hops coming from Australia and the Pacific Northwest.", Welcome to a new week! With salads, sandwiches, and more, we surely have something to suit your lunch needs.

Thanks @massmusings for the photo!, Attn: Parish II Muggers!

We will be storing mugs away shortly, so come by soon to let us know you're still active!, Your family feast has some competition...

Our Turkey Burger is served with stuffing, cranberry sauce, lettuce, tomato, mashed potatoes, and gravy. Brownie points when paired with a Mayflower Brewing Company Thanksgiving Ale!, What's a warm, cheesy comfort food perfect for cold weather? Baked Mac & Cheese, of course.

A casserole of macaroni mixed with a homemade sauce of Romano and Monterey jack cheeses and finely diced white onions. Baked in the oven and topped with Gruyère cheese and Ritz cracker crumbs. Yum!, We have a new cocktail special just in time for the weekend! Cheers., The Egg Sandwich Lyonnaise, created by Craigie On Main Executive Chef/Owner Tony Maws, is on special now! 

Two eggs over easy on white bread with applewood smoked bacon, tomatoes, red onion, frisee, and mustard aioli. Served with a side of potato salad., If you haven't tried our new Russian Espresso cocktail, now's a good time!

Vanilla Stoli Vodka, BAILEYS Coffee Creamers, espresso Pinnacle Vodka, and milk served on the rocks. Topped with cocoa and coffee powder — clearly the best part!, Meatloaf is so good in a sandwich!

Sean's Meatloaf Club: homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, and a chipotle aioli alongside garlic mashed potatoes and gravy., If you haven't tried our Beet Salad, we recommend it today!

Fresh beets, chopped romaine and diced tomatoes tossed with a citrus-walnut vinaigrette. Topped with toasted walnuts and Stilton blue cheese. Served with garlic crostinis.

Now THAT is a salad., ICYMI: Vegetarian Corn Cakes are BACK on the menu!

Pan seared and baked corn cakes served with pico de gallo and sliced avocado, topped with scallion-mustard remoulade. Order up!, NEW cocktail special by our bartender, Madison!

Trophy Wife: Stoli Vodka Elit martini with hand-stuffed blue cheese olives. Enjoy with the rest of your Sunday!, The Elephant Walking on Eggs is like breakfast for lunch!

Three New England eggs sautéed with assorted julienned vegetables and fresh goat cheese served omelette style on a French baguette. Sided with mixed greens, diced tomatoes, and cucumbers with a balsamic vinaigrette., TGIF!

Grab your friends and kick off the weekend with some good eats, like our Roasted 'Reggae' Wings and Bowl-O-Rings!, Check out our current drafts!

*Click photos for specific brews., Did you know it's #NationalCandyDay? 

Indulge with our new Parish Buttered Rum cocktail, topped with crushed Butterfingers! #SWEET., Ciaran has a special drink for you today!

Irish Iced Tea: Jameson Irish Whiskey Black-Barrel, freshly brewed iced tea, lemon juice, and simple syrup. Definitely adds some cheer to this gloomy weather!, It was great having Broadway In Boston stop by for some eats!

If you need an appetizer suggestion, their photo of our Vegetarian Corn Cakes and Hummus Platter looks very, very convincing!, Things are getting festive over here at Parish II! Hope everyone is having a great night!, Happy Halloween! The winner of our Annual Pumpkin Contest will be announced today!

In the meantime, here are just a few of the submissions. Which is your favorite?, Thanks Tom., Time is running out!

Submissions for our Annual Pumpkin Contest must be in by MIDNIGHT!, We have a NEW sandwich for seafood lovers!

The Boylston: created by Sean Simmons, Parish Cafe Executive Chef/Owner.

Baked haddock on a brioche roll with housemade creamy avocado mayo, lettuce, and tomato. Served with chipotle slaw., @BitesofBoston's pumpkin has been completed! How is yours coming along?

You have 'til Wednesday to enter Parish Cafe + Parish II's 22nd Annual Pumpkin Contest! The only rule: no carving or puncturing of any kind., Celebrate the end of a long week with our NEW French 75 cocktail!

A champagne float with Bombay Sapphire and a lemon twist. Cheers!, Feeling festive?

You have until October 29th to enter Parish Cafe + Parish II's 22nd Annual Pumpkin Contest for the chance to win cash prizes!, The Harrington isn't JUST a salad with some Romaine lettuce and Feta cheese on top...

…it also has fresh mint, diced cucumbers, sliced red onions, Kalamata olives, and a fresh lemon-olive oil dressing. Served over grilled Syrian bread.

Taste for yourself!, We have quite the NEW fall cocktail for you!

The Bog: Cranberry Deep Eddy Vodka, chipotle cranberry, lime, and soda water served on the rocks with a lime., TGIF! A few beef-based sandwiches have returned to the menu:

Steak and Blue, created by Lydia Shire, Executive Chef/Owner, Scampo: Thickly sliced RARE tenderloin on blue cheese bread with red marinated onions and Roquefort butter. Served with pickled ginger cabbage and mixed greens topped with marinated red onions.

The Dbar, created by Chris Coombs, Owner Deuxave: Breaded and pan fried veal cutlet on a toasted baguette with applewood smoked bacon, Gruyere cheese, tomato caper relish, and tarragon mustard aioli. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or coleslaw.

The Schlow, created by Michael Schlow, Tico: Roasted RARE sirloin, sliced thin, with caramelized onions, tomato confit, arugula, and a horseradish-cream sauce. Served on Tuscan wheat bread and sided with coleslaw and mixed greens., One of our favorite seafood sandwiches is back on the menu!

The Blue Ginger, created by Ming Tsai, Chef/Owner, Blue Ginger: A grilled, rare tuna steak brushed with teriyaki glaze on scallion focaccia with avocado, wasabi aioli, lettuce, and tomato. Served with a mild Asian slaw., Think you have the best pumpkin-decorating skills?

You have until October 29th to enter Parish Cafe + Parish II's 22nd Annual Pumpkin Contest for the chance to win cash prizes! 

Just remember: no carving or puncturing of ANY kind., In case you were wondering about Pretty Things: http://bit.ly/1scVtrR, No work today? Treat yourself!

We're open normal hours and are ready to serve you something sweet. 

(Photo by IG user @rtquint), Saturday night done right!, Sean's Simple Meatball isn't all that simple. A bite of this hearty, warm meatball will warm up your rainy day!

An oversized, homemade beef, pork and veal meatball topped with tomato sauce and grated pecorino cheese. Served with toasted crostinis., The Nicoise Salad looks good, but tastes even better! 

Grilled rare tuna steak topped with a dollop of wasabi aioli, and served over a bed of greens with sliced hard boiled eggs, Kalamata olives, string beans, tomatoes, and diced cucumbers. Tossed in a fresh lemon-olive oil dressing.

(Photo by IG user @pchenny), Attn: Parish II Muggers!

Come by within the next two months so we know you're still active! Anyone we don't see during that time will have their mug stored away., The Burke, created by Orta Restaurant and The Grotto's Chef/Owner Jim Burke, is now on special! 

French bread, capicola, sopresata, proscuitto, provolone, olive oil, and red onions mixed with blended oil. Served with a side of hot pepper relish and potato salad or cole slaw., Vegetable Pasta is a great #MeatlessMonday option! 

And there's nothing plain about it: broccoli rabe, summer squash, zucchini, carrots, and roasted tomatoes in a garlic sauce. See you soon!, Some of our favorite customers: Sound Off A Cappella!

Check 'em out here: http://soundoffacappella.com/sound-bites.html, Say it together now: PUMPKIN EVERYTHING.

Photo by IG user @lrmcgrath!, Pabst Blue Ribbon, Harpoon Brewery UFO Pumpkin, Angry Orchard, Samuel Adams Oktoberfest, Berkshire Brewing Company Coffeehouse Porter, Mayflower Brewing Company #RIPseries Berliner Weisse, Ballast Point Brewing Co Big Eye IPA, Samuel Adams Boston Lager....

....Guinness Stout, The Brooklyn Brewery Brown Ale, Weihenstephan USA Hefe Weissbier, Peak Organic Brewing Hop Oktoberfest, Harpoon IPA, Avery Brewing Company IPA, Traveler Beer Company Curious Traveler, Dogfish Head Beer Beer Brown!

Now THAT'S how you do #beer., Thank you WBZ | CBS Boston for including Sean's Meatloaf Club as one of Boston's best comfort foods! View the list here: http://bit.ly/BosComfortFoods 

"The sandwich, created by Executive Chef and Owner Sean Simmons, features homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, lettuce, tomatoes and a chipotle aioli alongside garlic mashed potatoes and gravy.", #MeatlessMonday is quickly becoming our favorite day of the week....

Get a load of the Eggplant Milanesa, created by Jamie Bissonnette of Coppa Enoteca + Toro! (Photo via @sarahmo_ on Instagram), Sunday night plans? A delicious, comforting dinner is always a good choice!

(Photo by IG user @dootdootyu), Watching the Boston Red Sox & their tribute to Derek Jeter. #RE2PECT, <3<3 Congrats to @HeyKelseyLeigh on getting ENGAGED last night!! <3<3

(Check out the engraving on the mug!), What are you doing this weekend? From food to fitness to art, here are some things going on in the city.

(And if you find yourself in the South End, remember to stop by for a pitcher of sangria on the patio!)				, Congrats to Amy on getting her mug on Tuesday! 

Welcome to the club, #432., null, Tonight's off to a great start!, Our new favorite thing: pumpkin on the patio!, Our colorful specials board will make that sandwich or pumpkin beer taste EVEN better!

Believe it., "True happiness: working for oneself." - Gordon Wilcox, Sometimes you just can't beat a classic.

Try the Parish Chicken Sandwich, chosen by our customers as the winner of our first ever #SandwichMadness!

A baked buttermilk chicken cutlet on a deluxe roll with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sharp cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, homemade pickles, and a side of homemade chipotle aioli. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., Our three beef options are ready to rumble!

Pictured here are the Le Mistral, The Viera, and The Campbell. Which is your fave?, Looking for a vegetarian brunch option? Try the Elephant Walking on Eggs “Sandwich from the Mountain”, created by Gerard Lopez, Executive Chef/Owner – The Elephant Walk!

Three New England eggs sautéed with an assortment of julienned vegetables and fresh goat cheese served omelette style on a French baguette. Sided with mixed greens, tomatoes and cucumbers with an herb vinaigrette.
 
Available all day every day!, Fridays can be oh, so SWEET!

Photo of our White Chocolate Bread Pudding by @whatshouldweorder., Our sandwich special is The Coppa by Jamie Bissonnette of Coppa Enoteca + Toro!!

Slow roasted pork belly on a seeded bun with Hellmann's mayo, american cheese, jalapeños, and caramelized onions. Sided with potato salad or coleslaw., Summer's not over yet - The B+G Lobster Roll is still on special!

Fresh lobster meat in a buttered brioche hotdog roll with Hellman's mayo, applewood smoked bacon, romaine lettuce and tomato confit. Served with Cape Cod Potato Chips.

Photo by: @airelavd (Instagram), Up close & personal with The Vieira! 

Tenderized, sliced ﬂank steak in a soy, chili garlic marinade sautéed and served on an Italian sub roll with watercress, roasted red peppers, sliced white onions and a homemade basil aioli. Served with mixed greens, tomatoes, and a balsamic vinaigrette., Our idea of perfect post-work plans?

A couple craft beers and a plate of Vegetable Potstickers out on the patio!, Parish Cafe in the Back Bay and South End are open regular hours today!

What sandwich will you be celebrating Labor Day with?, Gordon with his favorite girls!, There's no way we're wasting this beautiful weather. Parish II is open regular hours all weekend for endless patio meals!

Pictured: The Rialto by Jody Adams, Chef/Owner of Rialto Restaurant., Get a taste of summer with our current sandwich special, The B+G Lobster Roll!

Fresh lobster meat in a buttered brioche hotdog roll with Hellman's mayo, applewood smoked bacon, romaine lettuce and tomato confit. Served with Cape Cod potato chips., Thank you to everyone who came out to The Tip Tap Room last night to support Massachusetts General Hospital's Global Surgical Initiative! 

Pick up a copy of today's Boston Herald for a nice wrap-up of our 1st annual Chefs for Clefts fundraiser, or check out the article online here: http://bit.ly/1zzogIj

Photo gallery: http://bit.ly/1tR7Lpf, Go #MeatlessMonday with Jamie Bissonnette's (Toro, Coppa Enoteca) Eggplant Milanesa!

Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with chipotle Mexican slaw., Nothing tops that first sip of #sangria on a Saturday! Cheers.

Photo via @mcgrail on Instagram., The more colorful the salad, the better it tastes!

Try the Nicoise Salad, featuring grilled RARE tuna steak topped with a dollop of wasabi aioli, served over a bed of greens with sliced hard boiled eggs, Kalamata olives, string beans, tomatoes, and diced cucumbers., Another beautiful summer day on the patio! 

Join us for some sandwiches & sangria. :), Sometimes all you need to get over Monday is a delicious lunch!

Try the Le Mistral, created by Mitchell Randall, Exec. Chef – Ostra Boston:
Garlic and rosemary marinated beef tenderloin grilled to medium rare, served on ciabatta with caramelized onions, chive mashed potatoes and melted Bel Paese cheese. Topped with seasoned arugula, a truffle aioli and crispy onions., A refreshing cocktail on a beautiful day. Is there anything better?

Try the Gentleman Ginger, made with Gentleman Jack Rare Tennessee Whiskey, ginger syrup, honey, fresh squeezed lemon, and ginger ale!, On special: The Egg Sandwich Lyonnaise!

Created by Tony Maws, Executive Chef/Owner – Craigie On Main: Two eggs fried over-easy and served on toasted white bread with applewood smoked bacon, sliced tomato, sliced red onion, frisée, and a dijon mustard aioli. Served with homemade potato salad., Work in the South End?

We open at 11:30; call in an order for pick-up at (617) 391-0501!

The Hot and Cold Chicken Salad: 
Grilled and chilled chicken breast marinated in olive oil and garlic served with arugula, caramelized almonds, shaved carrots and chilled snap peas over warm sticky rice with a sesame-soy vinaigrette., Swing by for Sean's Simple Meatball before our premiere on the Travel Channel's Sandwich Paradise tonight at 10!

An oversized, homemade beef, pork and veal meatball topped with tomato sauce and grated pecorino cheese. Served with toasted crostinis., null, Exploring the South End today?

Take a load off & try the Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad, created by Mark Sapienza, Executive Chef at Langham Boston!

Roasted chicken breast mixed with sweet garlic aioli, roasted red onions, scallions, thyme and tarragon on an Italian baguette with sliced tomato, Romaine lettuce, and crisp fried onions. Served with homemade potato salad., Where there's a will, there's a sandwich.

Beautiful photo by http://instagram.com/mariasplate!, Sean Simmons shares his Meatloaf Club recipe on Travel Channel's Food Paradise: Sandwich Paradise 3, premiering August 12th!

Get in on the action early with this clip: http://www.travelchannel.com/video/bostons-sandwich-heaven, Now that you've made it through Monday, snag a seat on the patio for some after-work sangria! 

Photo by: http://instagram.com/admanekim, "Best hummus platter EVER"

Thanks http://instagram.com/_rachelhatesyou_!, Late-night sweets in the South End, anyone? ;)

Ice Cream Sandwich: two warm chocolate chip cookies stuffed with vanilla ice cream and drizzled with chocolate sauce.

Photo by http://instagram.com/ecblood., #SandwichSpotlight: The Lumière!

Created by: Michael Leviton, Chef/Owner – lumiere the restaurant:
Thickly sliced slow-roasted pork butt on a seeded bun with a lime and green curry tartar sauce. Served with an ocean papaya salad topped with peppered peanuts., On the search for a better lunch? Look no further than The Benny, created by Ken Oringer of Clio Restaurant!

Vietnamese-style, spicy grilled chicken breast served on a hard baguette with assorted julienned vegetables and a mint-coriander mayonnaise. Sided with spicy purple cabbage slaw tossed with diced tomatoes, fresh mint, Thai basil, and cracked peanuts., Got dinner plans?

Treat yourself to a plate of decadent Pasta Bolognese out on the patio!

Rigatoni pasta sautéed with ground beef, pork and veal tossed in a spicy tomato sauce and topped with Parmesan Reggiano.

Photo by Just Add Cheese, When you're craving a late-night bite in the south end, look no further than our Bowl-O-Rings!

We serve our full menu until 1am daily. :)

Photo by: http://instagram.com/travelingintaste, Day-dreaming about lunch?

We open at 11:30 - head over for The Mexican Meatball!

Created by: Brian Poe, Executive Chef – Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake and The Tip Tap Room: Cilantro infused Mexican meatballs on a toasted baguette with a chipotle and jalapeño au jus, pepper jack cheese, red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes. Served with an aguas fresca salad in a cilantro-lime vinaigrette., Beer? ✓
Sandwiches? ✓
#WorldCup finals? SOON!, Thinking about lunch? Try a customer favorite, The Rialto by Jody Adams, Chef/Owner of Rialto Restaurant! 

We open at 11:30; call in an order for pick-up at (617) 391-0501.

The Rialto: Thinly sliced prosciutto, buffalo mozzarella, and basil pesto on Texas toast with a garlic oil rub. Served with mixed greens and sun-dried tomatoes in a pine nut dressing.

Photo by: http://instagram.com/beelinenow, The Eggplant Milanesa... a beautiful sight & delicious vegetarian option!

Created by Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner – Coppa Enoteca and Toro:
Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with chipotle Mexican slaw., Happy Sunday - The Viera is ready for you!

Tenderized, sliced ﬂank steak in a soy, chili garlic marinade sautéed and served on an Italian sub roll with watercress, roasted red peppers, sliced white onions and a homemade basil aioli. Served with mixed greens, tomatoes, and a balsamic vinaigrette., Happy #July4th!

Escape the rain with us & the Parish Chicken Sandwich!

A baked buttermilk chicken cutlet on a deluxe roll with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sharp cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, homemade pickles, and a side of homemade chipotle aioli. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., Add an extra dose of protein to your Spinach Salad - just ask for it topped with grilled chicken!

Baby spinach, sliced red cabbage and green apple, toasted peppered croutons and sunflower seeds tossed in a citrus-apple and poppy seed vinaigrette. Served with guava paste wrapped in provolone cheese., null, Mugs and #USAvsBelgium ... need we say more? ;)

#WorldCup #GoUSA!, Swap your tupperware lunch for the Flour B.L.T. today!

Created by: Joanne Chang, Executive Chef/Owner – Flour Bakery+Cafe: Applewood smoked bacon, tomato confit, Boston Bibb lettuce and basil-mayo on Texas toast. Served with Cape Cod potato chips., Gooooo #Colombia!! We love you Colombia!

#WorldCup #ColombiavsUruguay, Happy FRIDAY from the Zuni Roll!, On the patio or by the bar, we've got the PERFECT view for #USAvsGER at noon!

Come cheer on the #USMNT with Zuni & Sangria in hand! #WorldCup, The Burke is on special!

Created by: Jim Burke, Wandering Chef:
Thinly sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata and provolone cheese served on toasted French bread with olive oil and thinly sliced red onions. Sided with a spicy red pepper relish and your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., We're watching the final minutes of Italy vs Uruguay - this is getting intense! 

#WorldCup, You survived Monday!

Treat yourself to some Vegetarian Potstickers, sautéed and served with sticky rice, an Asian dipping sauce and a Chinese mustard., Time for a Sunday Sandwich Spotlight on the Spicy Tuna Burger! (Try saying that one 5 times fast.)

Created by: Tim Cushman, Executive Chef/Owner – O Ya Restaurant:
Sashimi grade yellowfin tuna, ﬁnely chopped, formed into a patty and grilled to medium rare. Served on a classic seeded burger bun with homemade spicy mayo, thinly sliced pickled ginger, chopped scallions, mixed greens, Roma tomatoes, toasted sesame seeds and a kabayaki drizzle. Sided with Cape Cod potato chips., Brian Poe, Gordon Wilcox, and Gene Williams invite you to an impromptu fundraiser upstairs at Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake for the Chica Project!

Light 'em up Sunday at 5pm sharp for USA vs Portugal. #WorldCup, Finally... FRIDAY.

We'll meet you out on the patio for sangria & vegetable potstickers all night!

Photo by: http://instagram.com/ckunzle, Congrats to Gordon Wilcox & Brian Poe on 2 years at The Tip Tap Room!, The Rialto, one of our most popular sandwich selections, is the perfect mid-day pick me up!

Created by: Jody Adams, Chef/Owner of Rialto Restaurant:
Thin sliced prosciutto, buffalo mozzarella, and basil pesto on Texas toast with a garlic oil rub. Served with a mixed greens and sun-dried tomato salad with a pine nut dressing., The real boss.

Gordon Wilcox, What's your favorite Parish Cafe patio meal?

We suggest the Hot and Cold Chicken Salad, with grilled & chilled chicken breast & arugula over warm sticky rice, topped with a sesame-soy vinaigrette!, Happy Boston Pride!

Stop by between the festival & Pride at Night for sangria & sandwiches out on the patio! #bostonpride, There's nothing like Sean’s Meatloaf Club to add some delicious comfort to your lunch hour!

Created by: Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café & Bar, Boston: Homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and a chipotle aioli. Served with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy.

Photo by: http://instagram.com/fittedhats, Take a break from all that hard work & take a bite out of The Bristol!

Created by: Brooke Vosika, Executive Chef – The Bristol Lounge:
Rosemary, thyme, and garlic marinated, grilled chicken breast on toasted focaccia with Boursin cheese, sliced tomato, Boston Bibb lettuce, and homemade Béarnaise aioli. Sided with an arugula salad with shaved Parmesan and lemon zest in a lemon vinaigrette., Wilcox Hospitality meets with Nurys of Chica Project!, The Mexican Meatball & Bloody Marys - welcome to Sunday at Parish Cafe!

Thanks @melissclub for snapping this photo! http://instagram.com/melisscluc, What a beautiful photo of our patio, taken by @bostonbonvivant.

We'll see you soon for sangria & sandwiches outside!

Photo credit: http://instagram.com/bostonbonvivant, What's your favorite Parish Cafe sandwich?

Pictured here is the Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad, created by Mark Sapienza, Executive Chef  - Langham Hotel Boston.

Roasted chicken breast mixed with sweet garlic aioli, roasted red onions, scallions, thyme and tarragon on an Italian baguette with sliced tomato, Romaine lettuce, and crisp fried onions. Served with homemade potato salad., It doesn't get any better than sandwiches & sun on the patio!

Great photo by @laurencpresent on Instagram: http://instagram.com/laurencpresent, Saturdays were MADE for Roasted “Reggae” Wings!

A generous portion of baked roaster wings marinated in Jamaican jerk spices, fresh citrus and soy. Served with banana-mango chutney., Wilcox Hospitality partners Gordon Wilcox and Brian Poe enjoyed the hospitality extended by La Barra Sports Bar in Everett. 

Thank you ladies!, Have you tried the "Le Mistral" yet?

Created by Mitchell Randall, Executive Chef – Ostra Boston, Boston: Garlic and rosemary marinated beef tenderloin grilled to medium rare, served on ciabatta with caramelized onions, chive mashed potatoes and melted Bel Paese cheese. Topped with seasoned arugula, a truffle aioli and crispy onions. Sided with Cape Cod potato chips., You must need some comfort after #MemorialDay festivities...

The Eggplant Milanesa should do the trick!

Created by: Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner – Coppa Enoteca and Toro: Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with chipotle Mexican slaw.

Photo by: http://instagram.com/audreyryu, Gordon out & about town! :), Bread Pudding with white chocolate and homemade custard, served warm with chocolate sauce and whipped cream.

It's Saturday - treat yourself!

Thanks to http://instagram.com/chisakie for snapping this photo!, The Nebo is back on the menu!

Created by The Pallotta Sisters, Executive Chefs/Owners of Nebo Restaurant - Pallotta Sisters:
Italian style tuna on a crunchy baguette with an olive tapenade, Mediterranean aioli, lettuce, tomato, sliced hard boiled eggs, fresh basil, sliced red onions, and a balsamic vinegar drizzle. Served with a string bean and tomato salad with a lemon-olive oil dressing., Finally - time for lunch!

Have you tried The Campbell yet?

Created by Scott Hebert, Chef/Owner – Troquet, Boston: Soy and ginger marinated, grilled veal flank on a toasted baguette with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomato, pickled red onions, cilantro mayo, avocado purée, and topped with fresh cilantro sprigs. Served with mixed greens and an herb vinaigrette.

Photo by Justine Johnson on Foodspotting., On the corner of Mass Ave & Tremont lies our patio...

Come by for sangria & sandwiches today!

Photo by: http://instagram.com/admanekim, Stop by after work & try our current sandwich special: The Oleana by Ana Sortun of Oleana Restaurant!

Deep fried & beer battered mussels with Hungarian hot peppers & romaine lettuce on a baguette with Turkish-almond tartar sauce, sided with dill cucumber salad., Instagram user @okeezokee snapped this photo of his "Veer" ... AKA Veal and Beer!

What's YOUR favorite sandwich/beer combo?, Your Monday sandwiches are ready! :)

Photo by http://instagram.com/laurenpaleyy, What's a Saturday without a pitcher (or 2) of Sangria?

Photo by: http://instagram.com/llees2001, Gooey, decadent Baked MAC AND CHEESE.

Because you deserve it!

Photo by: http://instagram.com/tcolt_45, "Both the Back Bay and South End locations of Parish Cafe have large beer lists, and they also feature a 'Mug Club' program. You have six months to chug them all and earn your engraved mug. When you're not drinking, you can partake in a menu of sandwiches created by various chefs from all around town..."

Thanks to Zagat for featuring us in 'Boston's Biggest Beer Lists'! http://bit.ly/1mClhcK, A great photo of Sean’s Meatloaf Club, taken by Terrence M. on Foursquare!

Is YOUR lunch as photogenic as this?

Created by Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café & Bar, Boston: homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and a chipotle aioli. Served with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy., Our homemade, beer-battered and deep-fried onion rings come with a side of homemade chipotle aioli...

We won't blame you for double dipping! ;)

Photo by Thalia D. on Foursquare., PROTIP: Add grilled chicken to your Spinach Salad for a Friday lunch that can't be beat!, We can't believe we're saying this: it's COLD.

Dig into our warm Shepard’s Pie topped with gravy & forget all about the weather!, Our sandwich special is The Benny!

Created by Ken Oringer, Chef/Owner of Clio Restaurant & Toro: Vietnamese marinated grilled chicken breast with spicy julienned vegetables & a mint-coriander mayo on a baguette. Sided with purple cabbage claw with tomato, cracked peanuts, mint, & thai basil., The Zuni Roll - the most DELICIOUS way to forget all about Monday! 

Photo credit: http://instagram.com/ninn610, Sandwiches + sangria on the patio?

Now that's Parish Cafe done right!

Photo by http://instagram.com/geewilly336, It isn't Easter until you've had a Blood Orange Mimosa + your favorite Parish sandwich!

Photo by http://instagram.com/chrystalllll, The Burke (one of our #SandwichMadness finalists) is the perfect Friday lunch!

Created by: Jim Burke, Wandering Chef: Thinly sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata and provolone cheese served on toasted French bread with olive oil and thinly sliced red onions. Sided with a spicy red pepper relish and your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., Our Vegetarian Potstickers are perfect for after-work hangs!

Sautéed and served with sticky rice, an Asian dipping sauce and a Chinese mustard., ICYMI: The Parish Chicken Sandwich is the CHAMPION of our first ever #SandwichMadness!!

Try it today & see why..., And the winner of our first ever #SandwichMadness is...

THE PARISH CHICKEN SANDWICH!!!

Thank you to all who voted by eating one of our sandwiches... it's a tough job, we know.

We will be grading brackets to announce the winner of the bracket challenge ASAP., For the CHAMPIONSHIP we have the Zuni Roll going head-to-head with the Parish Chicken Sandwich!

The sandwich that WINS our FIRST #SandwichMadness will be the one with the most sales from both Parish locations.

The Zuni Roll, created by: Norma Gillespie, Boston:
Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla and served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream with scallions. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

The Parish Chicken Sandwich, created by Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café & Bar, Boston:
A baked buttermilk chicken cutlet on a deluxe roll with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sharp cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, homemade pickles, and a side of homemade chipotle aioli. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., So we made it to the Final Four of #SandwichMadness! How's your bracket looking?

After today's sales, we will know who will be in the championship tomorrow!, It's the final countdown with our next #SandwichMadness FINAL FOUR match-up: The Parish Chicken Sandwich vs. The Eggplant Milanesa!

The sandwich that advances from today's round will be the one with the most sales from both Parish locations.

The Parish Chicken Sandwich, created by Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café & Bar, Boston:
A baked buttermilk chicken cutlet on a deluxe roll with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sharp cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, homemade pickles, and a side of homemade chipotle aioli. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

Eggplant Milanesa, created by: Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner – Coppa Enoteca and Toro:
Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with chipotle Mexican slaw., Things heat up with the first game of our #SandwichMadness FINAL FOUR.

And it's a hard one: The Zuni vs. The Burke!

The sandwich that advances from today's round will be the one with the most sales from both Parish locations.

The Zuni Roll, created by: Norma Gillespie, Boston:
Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla and served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream with scallions. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

The Burke, created by: Jim Burke, Wandering Chef:
Thinly sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata and provolone cheese served on toasted French bread with olive oil and thinly sliced red onions. Sided with a spicy red pepper relish and your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., Get through Monday with one of our #SandwichMadness Elite 8 contenders: The Mexican Meatball or The Eggplant Milanesa!

The sandwich that advances from today's round will be the one with the most sales from both Parish locations.

The Mexican Meatball, created by: Brian Poe, Executive Chef – Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake and The Tip Tap Room:
Cilantro infused Mexican meatballs on a toasted baguette with a chipotle and jalapeño au jus, pepper jack cheese, red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes. Served with an aguas fresca salad in a cilantro-lime vinaigrette.

Eggplant Milanesa, created by: Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner – Coppa Enoteca and Toro:
Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with chipotle Mexican slaw., Today in #SandwichMadness Elite 8: The Campbell vs. The Burke!

The sandwich that advances from today's round will be the one with the most sales from both Parish locations.

The Campbell, created by: Scott Hebert, Chef/Owner – Troquet, Boston:
Soy and ginger marinated, grilled veal flank on a toasted baguette with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomato, pickled red onions, cilantro mayo, avocado purée, and topped with fresh cilantro sprigs. Served with mixed greens and an herb vinaigrette.

The Burke, created by: Jim Burke, Wandering Chef:
Thinly sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata and provolone cheese served on toasted French bread with olive oil and thinly sliced red onions. Sided with a spicy red pepper relish and your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., The Elite 8 continues!

Next up in #SandwichMadness Elite 8: The Parish Chicken vs. The Bristol!

The sandwich that advances from today's round will be the one with the most sales from both Parish locations!

The Parish Chicken Sandwich, created by Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café & Bar, Boston:
A baked buttermilk chicken cutlet on a deluxe roll with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sharp cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, homemade pickles, and a side of homemade chipotle aioli. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

The Bristol, created by Brooke Vosika, Executive Chef – The Bristol Lounge, Boston:
Rosemary, thyme, and garlic marinated, grilled chicken breast on toasted foccacia with Boursin cheese, sliced tomato, Boston Bibb lettuce, and homemade Béarnaise aioli. Sided with an arugula salad with shaved Parmesan and lemon zest in a lemon vinaigrette., Let the Elite 8 begin!!

First up in #SandwichMadness Elite 8: The Zuni Roll vs. The Flour B.L.T.

Yesterday's winner was the Eggplant Milanesa. The sandwich that advances from today's round will be the one with the most sales from both Parish locations!

The Zuni Roll, created by: Norma Gillespie, Boston:
Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla and served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream with scallions. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

Flour B.L.T., created by: Joanne Chang, Executive Chef/Owner – Flour Bakery+Cafe, Boston:
Applewood smoked bacon, tomato confit, Boston Bibb lettuce and basil-mayo on Texas toast. Served with Cape Cod potato chips., #SandwichMadness: Do you prefer The Steak & Blue or Eggplant Milanesa?

Comment on this photo with your pick! The sandwich that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Match-up schedule: http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

The Steak & Blue, created by: Created by: Lydia Shire, Executive Chef/Owner – Scampo, Boston:
Thickly sliced RARE tenderloin on blue cheese bread with marinated onions and Roquefort butter. Served with pickled ginger cabbage and mixed greens topped with marinated red onions and an herb vinaigrette.

Eggplant Milanesa, created by: Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner – Coppa Enoteca and Toro, Boston:
Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with chipotle Mexican slaw., The battle of the sandwiches is back!

Today in #SandwichMadness: The Mexican Meatball vs. The d bar!

Which chef creation do you like best? Comment on this photo with your pick! The sandwich that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Match-up schedule: http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

Yesterday's winner: The Bristol, created by Brooke Vosika, Executive Chef of The Bristol Lounge.

The Mexican Meatball, created by: Brian Poe, Executive Chef – Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake and The Tip Tap Room:
Cilantro infused Mexican meatballs on a toasted baguette with a chipotle and jalapeño au jus, pepper jack cheese, red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes. Served with an aguas fresca salad in a cilantro-lime vinaigrette.
  
The d bar, created by: Chris Coombs, Executive Chef/Owner – dbar:
Breaded and pan fried veal cutlet on a toasted baguette with applewood smoked bacon, Gruyère cheese, tomato-caper relish and a tarragon-mustard aioli. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., DING DING DING!! 

Time for another round of #SandwichMadness: The Oleana vs. The Bristol!

Which sandwich is YOUR pick?! Let us know here! The chef creation that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Yesterday's winner: The Burke.

Match-up schedule (subject to change): http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

The Oleana, created by: Ana Sortun, Chef/Owner – Oleana Restaurant, Cambridge:
Beer-battered, deep fried mussels and Hungarian hot peppers on a baguette with Turkish almond tartar sauce and Romaine lettuce. Served with cole slaw and dill-cucumber salad..

The Bristol, created by: Brooke Vosika, Executive Chef – The Bristol Lounge, Boston:
Rosemary, thyme, and garlic marinated, grilled chicken breast on toasted foccacia with Boursin cheese, sliced tomato, Boston Bibb lettuce, and homemade Béarnaise aioli. Sided with an arugula salad with shaved Parmesan and lemon zest in a lemon vinaigrette., The Campbell beat the Regis yesterday!

In today's #SandwichMadness, we pit The Burke against The Blue Ginger!

Which sandwich is YOUR pick?! Let us know here! The chef creation that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Match-up schedule (subject to change): http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

The Burke, created by: Jim Burke, Wandering Chef:
Thinly sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata and provolone cheese served on toasted French bread with olive oil and thinly sliced red onions. Sided with a spicy red pepper relish and your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

The Blue Ginger, created by: Ming Tsai, Executive Chef/Owner – Blue Ginger:
Tuna steak grilled RARE with a teriyaki glaze on onion foccacia with Boston Bibb lettuce, sliced tomato, sliced avocado, a wasabi aioli, and topped with chopped scallions. Served with an Asian slaw., The winner of yesterday's head-to-head was the Parish Chicken Sandwich!

Today in #SandwichMadness: The Regal Regis vs. The Campbell!

Which sandwich is YOUR pick?! Comment on this photo & vote in person via a match-up ballot. The chef creation that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Match-up schedule (subject to change): http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

The Regal Regis, created by: Susan Regis: 
Sliced flank steak and Portobello mushrooms in a soy, scallion and balsamic marinade. Served on Romano cheese crusted French bread with a side of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

The Campbell, created by: Scott Hebert, Chef/Owner – Troquet:
Soy and ginger marinated, grilled veal flank on a toasted baguette with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomato, pickled red onions, cilantro mayo, avocado purée, and topped with fresh cilantro sprigs. Served with mixed greens and an herb vinaigrette., Which sandwich won yesterday's head-to-head? The Flour B.L.T., created by Joanne Chang of Flour Bakery+Cafe! 

Today in #SandwichMadness it's our own Parish Chicken Sandwich vs. the Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad!

Which sandwich is YOUR pick?! Comment on this photo & vote in person via a match-up ballot. The chef creation that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Match-up schedule: http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

The Parish Chicken Sandwich, created by: Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café & Bar:
A baked buttermilk chicken cutlet on a deluxe roll with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sharp cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, homemade pickles, and a side of homemade chipotle aioli. 

The Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad, created by: Mark Sapienza, Executive Chef – The Bostonian at Langham Hotel:
Roasted chicken breast mixed with sweet garlic aioli, roasted red onions, scallions, thyme and tarragon served on an Italian baguette with sliced tomatoes, Romaine, and crisp fried onions., ZUNI is the champ! The Zuni Roll won yesterday's match-up and will advance.

Today in #SandwichMadness we pit the Egg Sandwich Lyonnaise against the Flour B.L.T.!

Which sandwich is YOUR pick?! Comment on this photo & vote in person via a match-up ballot. 

The chef creation that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Match-up schedule: http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

Egg Sandwich Lyonnaise, created by: Tony Maws, Executive Chef/Owner – Craigie On Main: Two eggs fried over-easy and served on toasted white bread with applewood smoked bacon, sliced tomato, sliced red onion, frisée, and a dijon mustard aioli. Served with homemade potato salad.

Flour B.L.T., created by: Joanne Chang, Executive Chef/Owner – Flour Bakery+Cafe: Applewood smoked bacon, tomato confit, Boston Bibb lettuce and basil-mayo on Texas toast. Served with Cape Cod potato chips., *ding ding ding!*

It's the FIRST head-to-head in our FIRST EVER #SandwichMadness 'Round of 16': The Zuni Roll vs The Lumière!

Which chef creation do you like best? Comment on this photo with your pick & vote in person via a match-up ballot. The sandwich that advances will have the most sales TODAY from the combined Parish locations.

Match-up schedule: http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

The Zuni Roll, created by: Norma Gillespie, Boston: 
Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla and served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream with scallions. 

The Lumière, created by: Michael Leviton, Chef/Owner – lumiere the restaurant, Newton:
Thickly sliced slow-roasted pork butt on a seeded bun with a lime and green curry tartar sauce. Served with an ocean papaya salad topped with peppered peanuts., Have you entered our bracket challenge yet?

Tonight is the last night to submit your bracket in person for the $100 gift card! Don't forget, all donations are going to the Greater Boston Food Bank. #SandwichMadness, You've always had a favorite Parish Cafe sandwich - here's your chance to see how it stacks up!

We are having our FIRST EVER Parish Cafe Sandwich Tournament, #SandwichMadness!

Starting this Thursday we will have daily match-ups between your favorite chef creations. To kick the tournament off, you can fill out a bracket with your picks: http://is.gd/ParishSandwichMadness

A $5 donation will get your bracket entered for a chance to win a **$100 GIFT CERTIFICATE to the Parish Cafe** (either location)!

All donations go to The Greater Boston Food Bank. All brackets entered must be submitted in person.

We can't wait to see you and to see which sandwich will win it all!, null, It's breakfast. It's lunch. It's the Egg Sandwich Lyonnaise!

Created by: Tony Maws, Executive Chef/Owner – Craigie On Main: Two eggs fried over-easy and served on toasted white bread with applewood smoked bacon, sliced tomato, sliced red onion, frisée, and a dijon mustard aioli. Served with homemade potato salad., Reminder: both Parish Cafe & Parish Cafe II will have The Summer Shack on as an additional special every Friday during the Lent season!

Created by Jasper White, Chef/Owner – Summer Shack, Boston: Sea salt and beer battered, deep fried haddock on a deluxe roll with Boston Bibb lettuce, sliced tomatoes, and a tomato remoulade. Served with cole slaw and homemade pickles., It's always a good time for The Parish Chicken Sandwich!

Created by: Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café and Bar, Boston

A baked buttermilk chicken cutlet on a deluxe roll with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sharp cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, homemade pickles, and a side of homemade chipotle aioli. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw. #SandwichSpotlight, TONIGHT: Both Parish Cafe + Parish Cafe II will stop serving food at 4pm and drinks at 5pm in order to close for an employee party.

See you all on Wednesday!, The Summer Shack is on as an additional special every Friday during the Lent season - yum!

Created by Jasper White, Chef/Owner – Summer Shack, Boston: Sea salt and beer battered, deep fried haddock on a deluxe roll with Boston Bibb lettuce, sliced tomatoes, and a tomato remoulade. Served with cole slaw and homemade pickles., We're turning our #SandwichSpotlight on The Mexican Meatball today!

Created by: Brian Poe, Executive Chef – Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake & The Tip Tap Room, Boston.

Cilantro infused Mexican meatballs on a toasted baguette with a chipotle and jalapeño au jus, pepper jack cheese, red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes. Served with an aguas fresca salad in a cilantro-lime vinaigrette., Make some good after-work decisions with our Vegetarian Corn Cakes!

Homemade whole kernel corn cakes sautéed and served over mixed greens topped with pico de gallo, a scallion-mustard remoulade, and sliced avocado., The Summer Shack is back on special!

Created by Jasper White, Chef/Owner – Summer Shack, Boston: Sea salt and beer battered, deep fried haddock on a deluxe roll with Boston Bibb lettuce, sliced tomatoes, and a tomato remoulade. Served with cole slaw and homemade pickles.

We'll also have it on every Friday during the Lent season., Vote for Parish Cafe for DigBoston's Best Beer Bar (Bottles)! :), Bowl-O-Rings + #craftbeer = all we need!!

Homemade, beer-battered and deep-fried onion rings served with a side of homemade chipotle aioli. #YUM, It's time for #lunch!

Take a break and try our Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad sandwich, created by Mark Sapienza, Executive Chef – The Langham Hotels and Resorts Boston. 

Roasted chicken breast mixed with sweet garlic aioli, roasted red onions, scallions, thyme and tarragon served on an Italian baguette with sliced tomatoes, Romaine, and crisp fried onions. Served with homemade potato salad., Brrrrr!

Warm up with our current sandwich special: The Schlow by Michael Schlow of Radius Restaurant & Via Matta!!

Roasted RARE sirloin, thinly sliced, with caramelized onions, tomato confit, arugula and a horseradish-cream sauce. Served on toasted Tuscan wheat bread and sided with coleslaw and mixed greens., Mmmmmm.

Warm up with our Shepard’s Pie: ground beef, pork, and veal with mixed vegetables and garlic mashed potatoes. Baked and topped with gravy!!

Half order also available., Today's lunch comes to you via @bzref on Twitter!

@bzref: "The Burke" at @ParishCafe2 is one of the great sandwiches. Been on menu for at least ten years. Never gets old. 

https://twitter.com/bzref/status/437671062932037632, Happy #Friday!

Celebrate with a beer and The Lumière!

Created by: Michael Leviton, Chef/Owner – lumiere the restaurant, Newton: Thickly sliced slow-roasted pork butt on a seeded bun with a lime and green curry tartar sauce. Served with an ocean papaya salad topped with peppered peanuts., The sun is shining, it's finally not snowing, and our Nicoise Salad is waiting for you!!

Grilled RARE tuna steak, topped with a dollop of wasabi aioli, and served over a bed of greens with sliced hard boiled eggs, Kalamata olives, string beans, tomatoes, and diced cucumbers. Tossed in a fresh lemon-olive oil dressing., We've reopened just in time for your day off!

Come by today for our Hot and Cold Chicken Salad: 

Grilled and chilled chicken breast marinated in olive oil and garlic served with arugula, caramelized almonds, shaved carrots and chilled snap peas over warm sticky rice with a sesame-soy vinaigrette!, Let us make your #Friday night with our Smoky Pork Sandwich, on special now: Smoky marinated pork tenderloin grilled and served on foccacia with a smoky, spicy aioli, finely chopped romaine hearts, pico de gallo, and deep fried onions. 

You can thank us later., Parish II won the Fall Woodford Reserve Infusion Contest!

Our winning drink: Hot Toddy made with Woodford infused with dried apple cinnamon and vanilla beans + brown sugar and cinnamon simple syrup.

And they gave this huge, personalized Woodford Reserve!!, It's lunchtime!

If you haven't tried our Eggplant Milanesa yet, what are you waiting for?

Created by Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner – Coppa Enoteca and Toro: thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with chipotle Mexican slaw.

Full sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, The #bosnow storm isn't so bad when you've got The Burke!

Thinly sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata and provolone cheese served on toasted French bread with olive oil and thinly sliced red onions. 

We're #OpenInBOS regular hours today, so come by for a bit of comfort, sandwich-style.

Full sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, Perfect for a snowy day: The Flour B.L.T.!

Have you tried this customer favorite yet? 

Created by Joanne Chang, Executive Chef/Owner – Flour Bakery+Cafe: Applewood smoked bacon, tomato confit, Boston Bibb lettuce and basil-mayo on Texas toast. Served with Cape Cod potato chips.

Full sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, Congrats! We've made it to Friday. 

Treat yourself to this week's Sandwich Special: 

The Schlesinger, created by Chris Schlesinger of the East Coast Grill in Cambridge: an open-faced sandwich of melted Monterey Jack cheese and smoked ham on banana-nut bread, served with pickled ginger, cabbage, and mango chutney. 

Full sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/16c0Zn9, Warm up your lunch hour with delicious comfort food!

Sean's Meatloaf Sub: Homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and a chipotle aioli. Served with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy.

Full sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, Another great addition to this menu's sandwich lineup: The Egg Sandwich Lyonnaise by Tony Maws, Executive Chef/Owner of Craigie On Main!

Two eggs fried over-easy and served on toasted white bread with applewood smoked bacon, sliced tomato, sliced red onion, frisée, and a dijon mustard aioli. Served with homemade potato salad.

Delicious!, #Zuni4Lyfe!, Now available on our NEW sandwich menu: The Blue Ginger by Ming Tsai, Executive Chef/Owner of Blue Ginger in Wellesley!

Tuna steak grilled RARE with a teriyaki glaze on onion foccacia with Boston Bibb lettuce, sliced tomato, sliced avocado, a wasabi aioli, and topped with chopped scallions. Served with an Asian slaw.

New sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, Come try one of the sandwiches now available on our new menu! Kerriann suggests the Steak & Blue, created by Lydia Shire, Executive Chef/Owner of Scampo, Boston!

***The Steak & Blue 
Thickly sliced RARE tenderloin on blue cheese bread with marinated onions and Roquefort butter. Served with pickled ginger cabbage and mixed greens topped with marinated red onions and an herb vinaigrette.

Check out all of the sandwiches on our NEW menu here: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, Have you tried out our new sandwich menu yet? http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw 

The Campbell is back!

The Campbell 
Created by: Scott Hebert, Chef/Owner – Troquet, Boston

Soy and ginger marinated, grilled veal flank on a toasted baguette with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomato, pickled red onions, cilantro mayo, avocado purée, and topped with fresh cilantro sprigs. Served with mixed greens and an herb vinaigrette., The Bristol is back on our new sandwich menu! If you like Boursin cheese, you will love this sandwich!

Created by: Brooke Vosika, Executive Chef – The Bristol Lounge, Boston
Rosemary, thyme, and garlic marinated, grilled chicken breast on toasted foccacia with Boursin cheese, sliced tomato, Boston Bibb lettuce, and homemade Béarnaise aioli. Sided with an arugula salad with shaved Parmesan and lemon zest in a lemon vinaigrette.

Delicious!

Check out our NEW sandwich menu here: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, Come warm up with some #craftbeer and one of our Sandwich Specials this week: The Vieira, created by our own Ederson Vieira, Sous Chef of Parish Café!

The Vieira: Tenderized, sliced flank steak in a soy and chili garlic marinade sautéed with watercress, roasted red peppers, and sliced white onions served on an Italian baguette with a homemade basil aioli. Served with mixed greens, tomatoes, and a balsamic vinaigrette.

Check out our NEW sandwich menu here: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, New Year… New Menu!

Come warm up for lunch with some old favorites like the dBar by Chris Coombs of dbar, Deuxave, and Boston Chops!

Breaded and pan-fried veal cutlet on a baguette with melted Gruyere cheese, applewood smoked bacon, a tomato-caper relish, and a tarragon-mustard aioli. 

Full new sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, Thinking about lunch? Try one of our crowd favorites, The Rialto by Jody Adams, Chef/Owner of Rialto Restaurant! 

We open at 11:30; call in an order for pick-up at (617) 391-0501.

The Rialto: Thinly sliced prosciutto, buffalo mozzarella, and basil pesto on Texas toast with a garlic oil rub. Served with mixed greens and sun-dried tomatoes in a pine nut dressing.

Check out our full sandwich menu here: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, A large whirlpool of extremely cold air originating at the north pole known as the "polar vortex" may have descended upon the US, including Boston, today...

...but inside Parish 2, it's really nice. We've got hot Lamb Stew on special & Foolproof Brewing Company Raincloud Robust Porter to warm you up.

And don't worry, we don't mind if you stay for a whiiiiiile!, Little snowy out there, huh? Good time for some comfort food, and we're #OpenInBOS!

Warm up with Sean’s Meatloaf Club: homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, chipotle aioli ... 

...and garlic mashed potatoes and gravy!!! 

Call in an order for pick-up now, before it's too late! (617) 391-0501, Happy New Year from all of us at Parish! We're open regular hours today.

It's also our 4-year anniversary today! Thank you for your love and support for the past four years. Come celebrate with us!!, Yeah, TOUCHDOWN!! Go Pats!!! Come watch the game at Parish - a few seats still open at the bar!, The *perfect* warm sandwich for today: The "Le Mistral" by Mitchell Randall, Executive Chef – Mistral Restaurant, Boston.

-Garlic and rosemary marinated beef tenderloin grilled to medium rare on ciabatta 
-caramelized onions
-**chive mashed potatoes**
-melted Bel Paese cheese
-seasoned arugula
-a truffle aioli
-crispy onions. 

See you for lunch!, The perfect way to warm up today: "The Mexican Meatball" for a late lunch or for dinner after work! Created by Chef Brian Poe of Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake, The Tip Tap Room, and Estelle's Southern Cuisine)!!

Cilantro infused Mexican meatballs on a toasted baguette with a chipotle and jalapeño au jus, pepper jack cheese, red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes. Served with an aguas fresca salad in a cilantro-lime vinaigrette., Need a delicious, hot sandwich to go before the storm hits? We strongly suggest the Eggplant Milanesa! Call ahead at 617-391-0501 and we'll have your order ready for pick-up. 

Protip: Ask for extra chipotle aioli on the side! ;)

http://parishcafe.com/mass-ave/menu/sandwiches/

Eggplant Milanesa: Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. 

By: Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner – Coppa Enoteca and Toro, Boston, #1 Thing you need on a cold day like today: Our Three Bean Chili. #YUM., Come warm up at Parish today with one of our Winter Bottle Specials with your sandwich! 

Including Sierra Nevada Brewing Company Celebration, Founders Brewing Co - Tap Room Breakfast Stout, and Anderson Valley Brewing Company Winter Solstice!, #tgif! Our soup specials this week are Chicken Corn Chowder and Guinness Beef Stew (pictured here). Come try a cup or a bowl - they're both delicious!, Always a pleasure to see Mayor Menino having a meal with colleagues at Parish!, We have a great sandwich special this week created by Joanne Chang, Chef/Owner of Flour Bakery+Cafe: The Flour BLT!

Applewood smoked bacon, Boston bibb Lettuce, tomato confit, and basil mayo on Texas toast. Sided with Cape Cod potato chips! #yum, In case you missed it: Boston.com picked Parish Cafe as one of their favorite beer bars in Boston! Here's the story, in the Nightlife section today: http://bo.st/1cNOVa1, How do garlic mashed potatoes with gravy and homemade chipotle meatloaf with bacon sound on this cold day?? 

Don't fight it. Come warm up with "Sean’s Meatloaf Club" by Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner of Parish Café.

Homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and a chipotle aioli. Served with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy., We couldn't help but notice that you were figuring out lunch plans. Have you tried our Peppered Tuna? 

Black pepper crusted tuna steak grilled RARE and served with sticky rice and grilled asparagus. Sided with a lemon wedge. Delicious., Pretend it's not cold out. Take a trip to Jamaica with our Roasted “Reggae” Wings!!

A generous portion of baked roaster wings marinated in Jamaican jerk spices, fresh citrus and soy. Served with banana-mango chutney.

SO GOOD., Yay!! The Zuni made 'Boston's Top Turkey Sandwiches' in Zagat!!!! http://bit.ly/1hULHs6

"Parish: Of course we love the concept of this gourmet sandwich shop with branches in the Back Bay and South End: each menu item is concocted by a different local chef. Our favorite might be the Zuni Roll, a warm flour tortilla filled with smoked turkey breast, bacon, scallions, dill Havarti cheese and cranberry chipotle sauce (617-391-0501).", If you've yet to try our Sandwich Special, the rich and flavorful dbar by Chef Chris Coombs, you're missing out.

Taste one before it's too late!! 

Seasoned and breaded veal cutlet, applewood smoked bacon, and gruyere cheese on a hard baguette with a tomato caper relish & tarragon mustard aioli served with your choice of potato salad or coleslaw., Phil and Jess are getting their mugs tonight!, A packed Saturday night at Parish 2! Come stop by for dinner and drinks at the bar!, Beer and bread pudding? All in a night's work at Parish 2., It's cold out there today - come warm up with one of our Soup Specials: Carrot Ginger or Chicken Corn Chowder!, Come try our delicious Sandwich Special: The Big Cheese!! By Peter Culpo, Owner of The Parish Cafe.

Fontina Cheese, applewood smoked bacon, and sliced tomatoes on french pullman bread served with a side of Cape Code potato chips., Presenting... the winners of the 19th Annual Parish Pumpkin Contest at Parish 2! First place went to the Most (Un)Interesting Pumpkin in the WORLD!!!

Come stop by to check out all of the entries, on display now., The delicious Le Mistral has the perfect flavors for a gorgeous fall day! 

Garlic and rosemary marinated beef tenderloin grilled to medium rare on ciabatta with caramelized onions, chive mashed potatoes, melted Bel Paese cheese, seasoned arugula, a truffle aioli, and crispy onions. Sided with Cape Cod potato chips... YUM! 

Created by Mitchell Randall, Executive Chef of Mistral Restaurant in Boston!!

Here's our full new sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, Happy Monday! What will it be today, The Zuni or The Burke? 

The Zuni Roll
Created by: Norma Gillespie, Boston
Smoked turkey breast, crisp bacon, chopped scallions, dill Havarti cheese, and cranberry chipotle sauce wrapped in a flour tortilla and served warm with a side of cranberry chipotle sauce and sour cream with scallions. Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.

The Burke 
Created by: Jim Burke, Wandering Chef
Thinly sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata and provolone cheese served on toasted French bread with olive oil and thinly sliced red onions. Sided with a spicy red pepper relish and your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., Come get into the Halloween spirit tonight at Parish!, Happy Halloween!! We've got Ithaca Beer Co. Country Pumpkin on tap tonight for the occasion!, More awesomely creative entries for the 19th Annual Parish Pumpkin Contest!! All entries are due by midnight tonight.

$300 cash prize! Winners announced tomorrow on Halloween!, Today's your last chance to enter the 19th Annual Parish Pumpkin Contest! Entries must be dropped off by 11:59pm tonight. 

Win the $300 cash prize for first place! We've had some great entries so far.

2nd Prize: $50 
3rd Prize: Any Bottle of Wine on our Menu

Rules: 
-No carving or piercing of any kind. 

Winners will be announced on Halloween.

Good Luck!, Happy Halloween! The 19th Annual Parish Pumpkin Contest is ON! First prize wins $300 cash! 

2nd Prize: $50 
3rd Prize: Any Bottle of Wine on our Menu

But more importantly, it's about the personal satisfaction of winning our Pumpkin Contest!!

Rules: 
-No carving or piercing of any kind. 
-All entires must be dropped off here by midnight on Wednesday, October 30th (Halloween Eve!)

Winners will be announced on Halloween.

Good Luck!, We're ready for the World Series!! Let's go Sox!, Great fan photos posted on Foursquare by some of our customers. Which one do you like the best?

We love seeing your photos. Tweet them at us next time you stop by! https://twitter.com/parishcafe2, Happy Thursday! Cheers to the Fall with one of our seasonal beers: 

Victory Beer Fest Bier
Sam adams beer Octoberfest
Shipyard Brewing Company Pumpkinhead (New keg to be tapped later today)
Tröegs Brewing Company Dead Reckoning, and 
Lakefront Brewery Pumpkin Lager bottles!, For a delicious and nutritious lunch, try our Spinach Salad!

Baby spinach, sliced red cabbage and green apple, toasted peppered croutons and sunflower seeds tossed in a citrus-apple and poppy seed vinaigrette. Served with guava paste wrapped in provolone cheese.

For take-out, please call 617-391-0501., null, Happy #HumpDay! It's a beautiful fall day. Get over the hump with a sandwich and a beer on the patio!

Sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, Cure for a rainy Monday: comfort food! Like Sean’s Meatloaf Club: homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and a chipotle aioli. 

Served with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy.

Created by: Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café & Bar, Boston, It's Friday AND Thrillist named The Burke one of 'The 5 best sandwiches in Boston'. Best day ever! http://thrl.st/176I5ZB #TGIF 

"Haha, no -- it's not 1995. We get it. That's funny. Seriously, Parish Cafe -- both on Boylston and Tremont -- continues to kill it when it comes to making some of the Hub's tastiest sammies, as is still evidenced by the lines you have to wait in to get a table. 

While the prosciutto-, capicola-, and soppressata-loaded Burke topped w/ Provolone and sided by a spicy red pepper relish takes best in show, the Schlesinger (an open-faced smoked ham & melted Monterey Jack w/ a mango chutney on banana bread!!) and Regal Regis aren't far behind.", Here are all of the new sandwiches that made our fall menu! Which one is your favorite?

The Summer Shack by Jasper White - Summer Shack
Eggplant Milanesa by Jamie Bissonnette - Coppa Enoteca & Toro) 
The Benny by Ken Oringer - Clio Restaurant
Le Mistral by Mitchell Randall - Mistral Restaurant
The Nebo by Nebo Restaurant - Pallotta Sisters 
The Lumière by Michael Leviton - lumiere the restaurant

Full new sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, The Nebo: Not-your-average tuna sandwich.

Created by: The Pallotta Sisters, Executive Chefs/Owners – Nebo Restaurant - Pallotta Sisters, Boston
*Italian style tuna on a crunchy baguette with an olive tapenade, Mediterranean aioli, lettuce, tomato, sliced hard boiled eggs, fresh basil, sliced red onions, and a balsamic vinegar drizzle. Served with a string bean and tomato salad in a lemon-olive oil dressing.

Featured on our new sandwich menu! http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, It's Friday... treat yourself to the delicious Le Mistral, created by Mitchell Randall, Executive Chef of Mistral Restaurant in Boston!!

Garlic and rosemary marinated beef tenderloin grilled to medium rare on ciabatta with caramelized onions, chive mashed potatoes, melted Bel Paese cheese, seasoned arugula, a truffle aioli, and crispy onions. Sided with Cape Cod potato chips... YUM! #TGIF

Here's our full new sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, Which one of the sandwiches on the new menu is your favorite? 

Clockwise: The Summer Shack, Eggplant Milanesa, The Rialto, or The Benny?  

Descriptions: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, One of our popular sandwich specials, The Rialto by Jody Adams, Chef/Owner of Rialto Restaurant, has been officially added to our new sandwich menu! See you for lunch... 

The Rialto: Thinly sliced prosciutto, buffalo mozzarella, and basil pesto on Texas toast with a garlic oil rub. Served with mixed greens and sun-dried tomatoes in a pine nut dressing.

Check out the full new sandwich menu here: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, New on our sandwich menu and vegetarian-friendly: the Eggplant Milanesa!  

Created by: Jamie Bissonnette
Chef/Owner – Coppa & Toro, Boston

**Thinly sliced, breaded and pan fried eggplant on a sesame torta roll with a slow-roasted black bean spread, chipotle aioli, avocado, and Oaxaca Mexican cheese. Served with chipotle Mexican slaw.

New sandwich menu: http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw, Another favorite back on the new sandwich menu: The Benny! http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw 

Come enjoy one outside on this beautiful day.

The Benny
Created by: Ken Oringer
Chef/Owner – Clio Restaurant, Boston
**Vietnamese-style, spicy grilled chicken breast served on a hard baguette with assorted julienned vegetables and a mint-coriander mayonnaise. Sided with spicy purple cabbage slaw tossed with diced tomatoes, fresh mint, Thai basil, and cracked peanuts., Exciting news: We've updated our menu for the fall with a bunch of new sandwiches!! http://bit.ly/1aZ75Jw

The Summer Shack is BACK!

Created by: Jasper White
Chef/Owner – The Summer Shack, Boston
**Sea salt and beer battered, deep fried haddock on a deluxe roll with Boston Bibb lettuce, sliced tomatoes, and a tomato remoulade. Served with cole slaw and homemade pickles., Celebrate this gorgeous fall day with a Zuni Roll! 

Cranberry-chipotle sauce = de-lish. 

http://parishcafe.com/mass-ave/menu/sandwiches/, We're honored to have been included in Zagat's 'Top Sandwiches in Boston'!! http://ow.ly/oOfeZ 

"Every 'cleverly designed', 'reasonably priced' gourmet sandwich at this 'go-to' duo in the South End and Back Bay comes from a recipe by (and named for) a different locally famous chef, and the 'incredible concept' continues with drinks from the 'top bartenders in town' plus an 'amazing selection of international beers'; the 'cute' setting 'frequently gets very busy', so to avoid 'killer' waits, grab takeout from the 'friendly' staff.", Try our new sandwich special, The Alternative!

Tuna Salad tossed with onions & red pepper mayo topped with melted Monterey Jack cheese and applewood smoked bacon on Tuscan Wheat Toast. Served with a side of chips., Cloudy with a chance of comfort food! Like Sean’s Meatloaf Club: Homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and a chipotle aioli. 

Served with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy. #YUM!, Which of these appetizers is your favorite: Sean's Simple Meatball, Roasted “Reggae” Wings, Hummus Platter, or Vegetable Potstickers?, We're thrilled to have Chef Gburski's (of Estelle's Southern Cuisine) Fried Shrimp Po’Boy on our sandwich menu!

Fried shrimp on a club roll with sliced fried green tomatoes, corn chow chow, and remoulade slaw. Served with Cape Cod potato chips.

Follow Estelle's on Facebook to see more of Chef Goob's Southern-inspired creations! http://ow.ly/m4bfN, Live Free And Dine stopped by Parish Cafe on Boylston this weekend and loved our Corn Cakes! 

@LiveFreeAndDine: the portobello mushroom and the chipotle meatloaf sandwiches, plus the corn cakes - our favorite! Thanks for a great lunch!

Make sure you follow us on Twitter, we love hearing from you: https://twitter.com/parishcafe2, @MayaSHachem: "@ParishCafe2 Thanks for serving hungry people after midnight!"

You're welcome!, Spice up your day today with this #SandwichSpotlight:

The Mexican Meatball!
Created by: Brian Poe, Executive Chef – Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake & The Tip Tap Room, Boston

Cilantro infused Mexican meatballs on a toasted baguette with a chipotle and jalapeño au jus, pepper jack cheese, red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes. Served with an aguas fresca salad in a cilantro-lime vinaigrette., Hey, chill out! ...on our patio and have a sandwich & a beer. #TGIF

Pictured: Spicy Tuna Burger (left) + The Schlow (right), #SandwichSpotlight: The Parish Chicken Sandwich 
Created by: Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café and Bar, Boston

A baked buttermilk chicken cutlet on a deluxe roll with Romaine lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sharp cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, homemade pickles, and a side of homemade chipotle aioli.  Served with your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., @LilMissRunshine reviewed and snapped this shot of Sean’s Simple Chicken: http://ow.ly/o60aM 

"I seriously was in heaven eating this and really looked forward to my leftovers for lunch the next day...."

Follow her on Twitter here: https://twitter.com/LilMissRunshine, #tgif!!, It's a beautiful day for a drink and a sandwich on the patio!, @dharvey28 via #Twitter this weekend: 
"Enjoying a late lunch at the Parish Cafe with the 21st Amendment Brewery IPA and wings."

Sounds good to us!, Yum! Amazing photo of The Coppa (by Jamie Bissonnette, Chef/Owner Coppa Enoteca, Toro) and our Onion Rings taken by Foodiespr.com (@Foodiespr) at Parish Cafe on Boylston!!

"@ParishCafe1 is the best #sandwich parlor in #Boston The Coppa by chef @Jamiebiss is a kiss to #pork heaven and ask for the most amazingly good #onion rings in the states Betsy ur the #bestwaitress #foodie #massfood #newenglandfood #bestofboston" 

Follow them on Instagram here: http://instagram.com/foodiespr, Great photo of The Mexican Meatball by Chef Brian Poe taken last night at Parish Cafe on Boylston by @itsjakebailey!

The Mexican Meatball 
Created by: Brian Poe, Executive Chef Poe's Kitchen at the Rattlesnake, The Tip Tap Room

Cilantro infused Mexican meatballs on a toasted baguette with a chipotle and jalapeño au jus, pepper jack cheese, red onions, Romaine lettuce, and tomatoes. Served with an aguas fresca salad in a cilantro-lime vinaigrette., We're excited to share that we've won "Best Sandwich in Boston" on The Boston A-List!! Thank you to everyone who voted. http://ow.ly/nIKhY, Fantastic #FANphoto by @LynelleSchmidt via Twitter of Sean's Meatloaf Club! 

Created by: Sean Simmons, Executive Chef/Owner – The Parish Café and Bar, Boston

Homemade chipotle meatloaf on country white toast with applewood smoked bacon, Romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and a chipotle aioli. Served with garlic mashed potatoes and gravy., Great fan photos of our Beet Salad and White Sangria!!

Beet Salad: Fresh beets, chopped romaine and diced tomatoes tossed with a citrus-walnut vinaigrette. Topped with toasted walnuts and Stilton blue cheese. Served with garlic crostinis., Thanks Boston.com for naming us one of Boston's best beer bars! http://ow.ly/nEmDU 

"We suggest you start drinking soon if you ever want to be a member of the Parish “Mug Club.” Order all 100 beers on the menu within six months and you will receive a commemorative beer mug that you can drink out of whenever you visit...", Congrats to our newest mug club member #348!!!, They like us, they really like us! We won Reader's Choice for Best Sandwich 2013 in Boston Magazine. http://ow.ly/nuUG0, Have a case of the Mondays? The Zuni will cheer you up! :), #SandwichSpotlight: The Rialto 

Created by: Jody Adams, Chef/Owner – Rialto Restaurant, Cambridge

'Thin sliced prosciutto, buffalo mozzarella, and basil pesto on Texas toast with a garlic oil rub. Served with a mixed greens and sun-dried tomato salad with a pine nut dressing.', Treat yourself on a Monday: go out for lunch today! Try The Regal Regis by Susan Regis, Chef at UpStairs on the Square in Cambridge.

"Sliced flank steak and Portobello mushrooms in a soy, scallion and balsamic marinade. Served on Romano cheese crusted French bread with a side of homemade potato salad or cole slaw.", #SandwichSpotlight: The Schlow 
Created by: Michael Schlow, Chef/Owner – Radius Restaurant & Via Matta, Boston

"Roasted RARE sirloin, sliced thin, with caramelized onions, tomato confit, arugula and a horseradish-cream sauce. Served on Tuscan wheat bread and sided with coleslaw and mixed greens.", Now on Tap: Cambridge Brewing Company Czech Pils, Jack's Abby Brewing Leisure Time Lager, Goose Island Beer Co. 312 Urban Wheat, and Lagunitas Brewing Co IPA. #TGIF!, #SandwichSpotlight: The Burke 
Created by: Jim Burke, The Wandering Chef

Thin sliced prosciutto, spicy capicola, soppressata and provolone cheese served on toasted French bread with olive oil and thinly sliced red onions. Sided with a spicy red pepper relish and your choice of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., Have you tried "The Vieira", made by Parish's own Sous Chef Ederson Vieira, yet? 

--Tenderized, sliced flank steak in a soy and chili garlic marinade sautéed with watercress, roasted red peppers, and sliced white onions served on a French baguette with a homemade basil aioli. Served with mixed greens, tomatoes, and a balsamic vinaigrette., Come celebrate #America!! High life, PBR, and Gansetts are flowing and we've got the #SPRINGSTEEN station on #Pandora! 

#USA #USA #USA, Have you tried The L’Espalier yet?

By: Frank McClelland, Chef/Owner – L’Espalier, Boston
--Fresh Maine crab meat tossed with a homemade remoulade served open faced on toasted brioche topped with sliced avocado and mango. Served with Cape Cod potato chips and salted greens., Finally, some sun!

Come by for a refreshing pint of Samuel Adams or Harpoon Brewery #SUMMER on the patio!, The sign is right, folks!

We've updated our menu, including our sandwiches and entrees: http://ow.ly/mceTZ 

Try the Flour B.L.T., The Burke, or the Turkey Dinner!, Yum! 

Check out this great photo of our Roasted “Reggae” Wings: baked roaster wings marinated in Jamaican jerk spices, fresh citrus and soy. Served with banana-mango chutney., Whoa!! Check out chef/owner Sean Simmons with Barack Obama today at Charlie's Sandwich Shoppe!, Some of our Mug Clubbers enjoying Down East Cider, Brooklyn Brown and Sam Summer... all on tap! 

Go Bruins!!, Come celebrate Memorial Day with a 21st Amendment Hell or High Watermelon on the patio!, Beers from our new list!

Pinkus UR-PILS (organic!)
Plank Heller Weizenbock 
& Cottrell Old Yankee Ale !, It's a great night to get away from the rain by checking out some of our new beers, like Youngs Beers Double Chocolate Stout!, New mugs are in!!! Tim's drinking water out of his all night ..., The Regal Regis for dinner? Okay! 

Created by: Susan Regis, Chef – Upstairs on the Square, Cambridge

Sliced flank steak and Portobello mushrooms in a soy, scallion and balsamic marinade. Served on Romano cheese crusted French bread with a side of homemade potato salad or cole slaw., Wide open windows and patio + Fleetwood Mac Pandora station on this gorgeous day!, We just put Long Trail Ale and Tröegs Sunshine Pils on tap. Come get some!, It's a beautiful day! Come in for our new menu items, Downeast Cider House cider, and an old favorite, the Zuni Roll., Another beautiful day and our patio and windows are all open! Come join us for lunch and drinks!, We are open for normal business hours today. Our hearts go out to everyone affected by yesterday's tragedy. We love you #Boston., National Beer Day falls on a Sunday. Prime day drinking opportunity! http://www.punchbowl.com/holidays/2013/4/7/national-beer-day, It's a holiday--let us do the cooking! We are open regular hours today. Happy Easter!, Glad we could provide that life-saving IPA to DigBoston's Heather on her drinking adventure., Spring starts tomorrow, despite the snow. Hopefully it won't be long before we roll up the windows for lunch!, Honored to be named one of the 47 coolest spots in town. Thanks, Thrillist!, And, of course, some green PBR!, Happy St. Patrick's Day! We're celebrating with some Irish-inspired cocktails, like the Irish Maiden, made with Bushmills Irish whiskey, honey simple syrup, and white grapefruit juice shaken and served over iced topped with ginger ale. Cheers!, We're in the spirit with plenty of spirits. Happy St. Patrick's Day from the Parish!, Today is National Potato Chip Day! One of our favorite sandwich sides., Now on draft at the Parish!, It's Friday. Don't let this happen to you., Lunchtime!, What's your favorite Parish sandwich to have on a rainy day? Or do you skip the sandwich in favor of mac and cheese?, The week is nearly half over. Got to love a short week. Celebrate with a beer or two!, Steak and Blue!, Nothing says love like a sandwich. Happy Valentine's Day!, While we refreshed the restaurant, we also made some changes to our regular menu. Is your favorite sandwich back in the lineup?, We're back! Brave the snow drifts and join us for lunch., Have fun riding out the storm tomorrow and Saturday--we're sorry we won't be there to serve up a mug or two. (If cabin fever sets in, our friends Estelle's Southern Cuisine will be open across the street.), The work goes on... we barely recognize the place!, It's that time of year again. We will close at 5pm this Sunday for renovations. We will reopen on Monday, 2/11 at 11:30am. We apologize for any inconvenience., Feeling like a mug tonight? Here's what's on draft. Fill 'er up., Hot and spicy. Perfect food for such a cold day!, Can't wait for game time! We'll have it on--with sound!, Baby, it's cold outside! (But nice and warm in here.), Thursday night. One day left until the long weekend (for those of you who get to enjoy it). Which beer will you be enjoying tonight?, Hungry? We've got a new sandwich special on now!, It's gorgeous outside! Skip the brown bag lunch and walk over for one of our sandwiches., Feel like something different? Check out The Alternative!, We're feeling festive--how about you? Happy New Year!, Just updated our draft list. Happy New Year's Eve! You know how we do it--regular hours, regular menu, no cover charge. Let's celebrate!, Make ours a pitcher!, A new special for a rainy Tuesday. , The Lumiere
Created by: by Michael Leviton of Lumiere
A slow roasted pork butt sandwich on a seeded bun with a lime and green curry tartar sauce and sided with an ocean papaya salad topped with cracked pepper peanuts., Twenty minutes til beer-o-clock. Not that we're counting..., New special! Just in time for dinner., A very happy 20th anniversary to the original Parish Cafe!, Congratulations to the winning pumpkin!, The judges have been in--which pumpkin is your favorite? We'll announce a winner shortly!, Happy Halloween! You've got until midnight tonight to bring in your decorated (but NOT carved or punctured) pumpkin! First prize is a $100 gift certificate to any restaurant on our menu, second prize is a $50 gift certificate, and third prize is a bottle of wine. Good luck!, Everything is fine here in the South End, and we're open for lunch! Who's hungry?, Get your Zuni Rolls tonight! Due to Hurricane Sandy, we will be closed on Monday. We apologize for any inconvenience, but the safety of our staff and customers is most important. We hope to reopen on Tuesday., Feeling festive. Let's hope Sandy leaves them alone!, Mondays can be rough. Let one of our bottled beer specials take the edge off. Stone Brewing Co. Levitation, Otter Creek Brewing Black IPA, and North Coast Brewing Company Old Rasputin Russian Imperial Stout.  Of course, we've got plenty of draft beer on hand too. Cheers!, A late lunch is better than no lunch at all... how about the Parish Chicken Sandwich?, Just updated the draft list for your Friday night imbibing. Slumbrew Flagraiser IPA, Allagash Brewing Company Black, and more!, null, Say hello to this week's special! Is it dinner time yet?, Speaking of our draft list: It's feeling a lot like fall! Cape Ann Brewing Fisherman's Pumpkin Stout, Sierra Nevada Tumbler, Samuel Adams Oktoberfest..., We're excited to announce we've launched a brand-new website! Complete with the weekly sandwich special, draft list, drink specials, and more., It's that in-between beer seasons. On draft now, we've got Dogfish Head Beer Punkin, Harpoon Brewery UFO Pumpkin, and Anderson Valley Brewing Company Summer Solstice Cerveza Crema. Cheers!, Pumpkin beer... We're ready for it! Are you?, Got a craving for a late afternoon snack? The Hummus Platter will help keep you going..., Anybody feel like winging it? , We're feeling some potstickers tonight... how about you?, It's going to be a stormy evening! Better grab a seat at the Parish to wait it out., TGIF! Let's have a beer., On summer hours? Lucky you. Check out our draft list and come in for a beer!, You've endured what amounts to two Mondays this holiday week. TGIF!, Thanks to the Improper Bostonian Magazine for naming the Parish Cafe home of Boston's Best Sandwich! It's an honor!, We just updated our draft list! It's never to early to start planning your after-work drinks..., Stay cool today, South End. Maybe with a pitcher of sangria?, Wishing everyone a fun and safe Pride weekend!, We're so excited for this member of the Parish family! Congratulations!, Short week Wednesday! Anybody coming in for a beer and the Celtics tonight?, The long weekend is so close we can almost taste it! Tastes like... sandwiches and a drink from the Parish!, Always wanted to enjoy a sandwich outside at this location of the Parish Cafe? We want to make it happen. 
Tomorrow morning, the City of Boston will hold a public hearing to decide whether we can move one of the trees out front to accommodate some outside seating. We'd love it if you could attend, or let the city know that you support our request. Thank you!, Congrats to all the Northeastern graduates!, A little something for everyone on draft this week. From blueberry ales to Guinness. , In case you missed it--the Parish Cafe was featured on last night's episode of Chronicle! Did your favorite sandwich get a close-up? , Just updated our draft list! Troegs Nugget Nectar with lunch, anyone? , Happy birthday, Fenway Park!, Leave the cooking to us this Easter! The Parish Cafe on Mass Ave will be open regular hours this Sunday., Anybody else looking forward to the start of Red Sox season? Leave work early and watch the game with us at the Parish!, Hello, Timeline!, What's the best thing you've had at the Parish Cafe recently? Beer, cocktail, sandwich, or entree., null, We've got the garage doors open on this amazing Wednesday afternoon. Join us for lunch!, No need to be afraid of the dark. Our electricity is on and we're ready for lunch! How about you?, That sun and warm air are amazing! We'll have our garage doors/windows open as long as it's warm. Come visit us!, Spring fever is in full effect today!, Almost beer-o-clock on a rainy Thursday. Who's coming in this evening for a pint (or mug)?, What dish do you order when you visit the Parish on a snowy day? The Mexican Meatball Club? Or maybe some Baked Mac and Cheese?, We've updated our draft list. Click the link on the left side of the page. Blatant Session Ale, Houblon Chouffe Dobbelen Triple IPA, and many more!, Feels like spring outside! Come in and try a Sam Adams Alpine Spring--now on draft at the Parish. Click the link to the left for our updated draft list., Haven't stopped in lately? Our food menu has changed. Click the tab on the lefthand side to read up on the new Great Ones and our own inventions! (And, yes, the Zuni Roll is still on there!), Sandwiches are perfect Valentine's Day food--they come in halves so you can share. (Of course, it's fun to enjoy both pieces on your own...), We've updated our draft list! Oscar Blues Dale's Pale Ale, 21st Amendment Fireside Chat, and many more! Raise a pint and enjoy a sandwich with us on a chilly Monday. , We're so excited to have re-opened with new menu items and Dogfish on tap! Check out what else we have for drafts this week by clicking on our new Draft List feature to the left!, Have you missed us this week? We can't wait to see you Sunday for the game!, We've got some great news for you! The Parish Cafe will be reopening on Sunday, Feb 5 at noon--just in time for the BIG game! Celebrate the return of Zuni Rolls and the Patriots' trip to Indy!, A note to all our fans: The Parish Cafe will be CLOSED starting on January 29 (at 5pm) through February 5 for some minor changes. We'll reopen and look better than ever on February 6., Working on your Mug Club card? Just curious to know what we've got on draft? Check out our weekly draft selections right here on Facebook!, Don't let a little snow keep you away from your favorite sandwich at the Parish Cafe!, We hope you're enjoying your holiday. Come by and see us!, It's almost lunchtime. Brave the rain and join us! We've added our menu to the page to make it easy to plan ahead., Happy Friday! Ready for lunch? Which of our amazing sandwiches or salads are you craving today?, The Hot and Cold Chicken Salad., Stick to your resolutions while enjoying a fabulous meal at the Parish Cafe. We've got several flavorful salads on our menu--give one a try!, New Year's Eve is just like every other night at the Parish Cafe. Free to enter, and a great time once you're here!, Getting ready to ring in 2012? The Parish Cafe will be regular hours both New Year's Eve and January 1. Great food and drink with no cover!, Ready for lunch yet?, We wanted to let you know that we will be open until 5pm on Christmas Eve, and closed all day on Christmas Day. Enjoy the holiday madness!, TGIF! Treat yourself to a freshly-made sandwich designed by one of Boston's best chefs to celebrate the end of a long week., Do you know how the Parish Cafe got its name?, Thirsty Thursday! Who's coming to the Parish II to quench their thirst this evening?, The Bond Herb Roasted Chicken Salad (Mark Sapienza, Executive Chef, the Langham Hotel Boston): Roasted chicken breast mixed with sweet garlic aioli, roasted red onions, scallions, thyme, and tarragon. Served on an Italian sub roll with sliced tomatoes, romaine, and crisp fried onions. Served with a side of homemade potato salad., Thanks to everyone who "liked" and checked-in at our place page. We've now merged it with our business page so we can share what's new at the Parish Cafe II., null)