List(We're all super excited here at Towne to host yet another Restaurant week, hopefully this one is as successful as the last few!!!

http://www.bostonusa.com/listings/Towne-Stove-Spirits/10848/?fromMenu=1911#amenities, Chef Oscar Figueroa has prepared some amazing specials for you for Valentine's day, which will be offered on both Saturday and Sunday. We have some fantastic dishes for two and have paired them with some great wines. Take a look!, Join us tomorrow for our Superbowl viewing party and our fantastic new veal ricotta meatballs. $5 Bar Food from 3pm onwards into the night! Hope to see you in here., Happy New Year!!, We're open for brunch New Year's Day 11am-3pm, come on in and recover with some lobster benedict!, Join us at Towne this New Year's Eve to celebrate in style. Accompany the festivities with a fantastic menu put together for you by Lydia Shire and Oscar Figueroa. Enjoy some items from our winter dinner menu or indulge in our 3 course prix fixe menu for just $89. We look forward to ringing in the New Year with you all!, $5 Bar Food tonight, tomorrow and all weekend! Come in and indulge!, We would love for you to join us at some point this Thanksgiving week. At all of our bars you can choose any bar items from the following menu for just $5, any time, and all week long. Hope to see you in here!, null, No that's a FIRE!!!!, Join us to celebrate the Patriots back in action. There will be free pizza and free bar food all night long so come help us cheer them on!!!, Free, freshly baked pastries, today and every weekend for brunch!!, null, Have you tried our Dine Out Boston menu? it is still not too late.
We are pleased to announce that Towne is extending the opportunity to sample our signature menu at special prices.
Prix fixe dinner will be available Aug 31 - Sep 13. Join us for an evening of delicious food, outstanding cocktails, and great service!, https://www.zagat.com/b/boston/12-dine-out-boston-reservations-to-make-right-now1?zagatbuzzid=aug15week2&utm_source=newsletter&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=boston20150812#12, null, Chef Oscar and Johana rockin' out some free oysters and lobster in the Pru!, Welcome to the newest member of our team, Sous chef David Artiano, New desserts to get you through summer!, Awwww shucks!, We were delighted to host the marriage of Diego and Silvia Osorno! Such a beautiful couple., We want to Congratulate all of the Newest American Citizens who were sworn in today at the Hynes Convention Center!, Great event at Towne Stove and Spirits with Catches for Kids!, Some more photos from our event with Catches for Kids!, Handshucked every Monday by Shuckmaster Jimma Jam & his new protege Shuck Norris!, Pan Seared Scallop Special, sweet potato puree, warm grilled pineapple, fava beans salad, signature pesto
...go ahead pinch yourself it's not a dream., Towne is open for Easter Brunch! Best Easter joke wins a $25 gift card!

RSVP NOW at http://www.towneboston.com/reservation, null, Towne opens at 4pm today!
#seeyouaroundTOWNE, Snowed in Party at Towne starts in 40 minutes., Great event last night @Mercedes-Benz of Burlington! Chef Lydia Scampo and Chef Oscar Towne Stove and Spirits and a few thousand of our friends!, null, Even more of a reason to be excited for Danny Amendola's Second Annual Celebrity Waiter Night at Towne Stove and Spirits to benefit the Catches for Kids Foundation! STAY TUNED for details!, Towne will be open today at 4pm and dinner served at 5:30!!, Thursday-Saturday Featuring Pastry Chef Christen Umenhofer's Boston Cream Pie...Good luck sharing., Wings Wednesday...a delicious alliteration. $5 for 8 Gourmet Towne Wings tonight!, Tonight we Introduce our Chili Happy Hour! Every Monday 5-7 in the Street Bar.
Tag To Win & Connect With Us!
Follow us on social media and take a picture of you enjoying our mouth watering chili! Use the tag  #Seeyou@Towne2015 and post to Facebook, Twitter or Instagram for your chance to win a dinner for two! Winners will be selected monthly, based on overall creativity!
Stay connected with us on social media for exclusive updates specials and much more!, Ready for some FOOTBALL!!! Come watch at TOWNE !!! 3 bars- 4 tv's- great food and cocktails!!!, Come watch New England Patriots @Towne tomorrow. Serving our "soon to be famous" Chili!  Smoked Brisket, Skirt Steak, Pork, Chipotle peppers- stout broth and garnished with crème faiche & corn bread.#Seeyouaround@towne, null, Say goodbye to 2014 and that hangover with our New Year’s Day Brunch 11-8 #sleepin #seeyou@TOWNE, Your new years resolutions don't start just yet #indulge 
#SeeyouaroundTOWNE, Wishing everyone Happy Holidays. May your home be filled with sweet aromas and good company. Towne will be closed on Christmas Day., Take a break from holiday preparations and take advantage of our $5 appetizers in the Street Bar. #SeeYouTonight #HappyHolidays #Cocktails, Join us New Year's Day 11-8pm
Serving Brunch all day long!, Off to deliver Teddy Bears Tufts Medical Center Boston Children's Hospital Thank you to all who participated.
#TowneSpiritofGIVING, New Year’s Resolutions have not begun yet!
Join us at Towne December 26th- December 31st and enjoy Chef Oscar's Bar Bites for only $5.00.  Available in the Street Bar.
4pm-10pm
#seeyouaroundTOWNE, When given as gifts these cards magically turn into craft cocktails, grilled pizzas, succulent lobsters, and steaks! 
This week- for every $100. receive $25 in reward cards.
http://www.estoreboston.com/towne-boston/towne-boston-gc.html, Shopping tomorrow The Shops at Prudential Center Join us for our Saturday Brunch from  11-3. Sip, Shop and Repeat.
#seeyouaroundTowne, Christmas & New Years Eve...Chilean Sea Bass Executive Chef Oscar's favorite.
#seeyouaroundTOWNE, The wonderment of the season: When given as gifts these cards magically turn into craft cocktails, wood grilled pizzas, succulent lobsters, prime steaks, and mouth-watering deserts., Christmas & New Year’s Eve Towne Stove and Spirits
This Holiday Season, Executive Chef Oscar Figueroa will be taking us back to his days at Biba, Pignoli and Locke-Obers. Oscar’s proud to feature some of his most memorable holiday creations this year at Towne Stove and Spirits in the Back Bay.
  Escargots Bourguignons Anchovy & Garlic Butter
  Prime Sirloin Carpaccio Black Truffle Sabayon
  Chilean Sea Bass White Asparagus Risotto, Saffron Aioli
  Land & Sea Tenderloin Au Poivre, Colossal Lobster Stuffed       Shrimp, Potato Gratin Dauphinoise
  Brown Sugar Angel Food Cake Caramel Ice Cream & Maple Spun Sugar, Our way of shopping!!!
#tonight@towne, Sip, Shop and Save!!! Thursday December 4th & 11th at Towne Stove and Spirits., Towne Teddy Bear Drive. Spirits of Giving, Lydia and Chef Oscar are at Towne getting ready for Turkey Day!  Busy making stuffing, her dad's cranberry sauce and of course her famous Apple Pie. If you can't join us on Thursday, the apple pie recipe is below. 
Lydia’s Apple Pie
Pre- heat oven to 450
Mix in large bowl:
• 1 tsp vanilla
• 1 cup of sugar
• 2/3 heavy cream
• 3 ½ cup of sliced apples (honey crisp preferred)
• 2 tsp of flour
• one grated lemon- with 1 tsp of fresh lemon juice
After mixing all the above ingredients – place on a buttery, flaky crust. Then cover with another buttery flaky crust.
Bake 10 minutes at 450. Reduce heat to 350. Continue baking for 30-40 minutes, null, Stop by and see Mr. Robot tonight and try one of our new specialty cocktails!!!, Reservations are still available for Thanksgiving Towne Stove and Spirits 617-247-0400 or http://towneboston.com/reservation/, Executive Chef Oscar - cooking up a storm for the Last Call Foundation!, Very excited to be a part of Last Call Foundation's first fundraiser with our friends!
Stephanie's On Newbury, The Capital Grille - Boston, MA, City Table,@ Davio's, Sweet Cheeks, Sheraton Boston Hotel and Finale Desserterie
http://lastcallfoundation.org/events/
Description: In memory of fallen fighter Michael Kennedy. Benefiting the dedication and work of Boston's Firefighting Community & The Boston Sparks Association!, Towne Stove and Spirits to serve up a Thanksgiving feast!

This Thanksgiving Executive Chef Oscar Figueroa will whip up a decadent Thanksgiving feast all day at Towne Stove and Spirits. In addition to serving up some classics from our regular menu, Figueroa has created an exclusive three-course menu that will allow you to gobble your way through this superbly traditional holiday, Eat, Drink and Be Scary!! New cocktail list at Towne. 
Kerry's Drunken Pumpkin.. vodka, pumkpkin beer, brown sugar and cinnamon.
#tonight@TOWNE, null, It's almost BRUNCH TIME!!!
Lobster Cobb Salad 
#today@TOWNE, Street Bar opens today at 4pm- come on by and try our Margherita Classic Grilled Pizza- Bufala Mozzarella, Tomato & Basil 
#today@TOWNE, Executive Chef Oscar is busy grilin' up some Maine Lobster Tails....
#tonight@TOWNE, Towne will be part of this amazing event on the 5th of November Sheraton Boston Hotel -

https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=10152857545731757&id=365095281756, "A first rate soup is better than a second rate painting."  
Abraham Maslow
I think Abraham was speaking about our new Autumn's Squash Gnocchi in White Pumpkin Soup- Brown Butter Sage Leaves.
#tonight@TOWNE, New Menu Starts Tomorrow - Lydia is here teaching us all her secrets...., Towne is the perfect place to host your holiday party. Events up to 500 guests.
Eat- Drink- Dance- Repeat, WinedownWedneday's
#tonight@TOWNE, null, "There is no sincerer love than the love of food."

George Bernard Shaw, “I enjoy cooking with wine, sometimes I even put it in the food I’m cooking.”

― Julia Child
#tonight@TOWNE, “Let us have wine and women, mirth and laughter, sermons and soda water the day after.”
― George Gordon Byron

#winedownwednesdays
#tonight@TOWNE, Light up your night at Towne. 
Holiday luncheons, cocktail gatherings and private dinners up to 500 guests. info@toweboston.com, How do you like your coffee? We like ours chilled and shaken.. Happy  International Coffee Day!, Towne's Fall Menu Coming Soon!! Tell us some of your past favorites ........., Do you know what day it is??? It's  National Guacamole Day!  
Come celebrate tonight at Towne!
#tonight@TOWNE, How do you like your lobsta'..... 
#grilled@towneTonight!, It's Brunch TIME
#today@TOWNE, Nothing is quite as intoxicating as the smell of bacon frying in the morning."—James Beard 
today@TOWNE, Dynamitic Duo Back at Towne!
#bigfishlittlefish#tonight@TOWNE, Live Music at Towne Stove and Spirits Tonight @9PM!

Click below for more info!

http://towneboston.com/live-band-thursdays-at-towne/, Join us before the game tonight... Wally gives us his thumb of approval. 
#tonight@TOWNE, Alaskan King Crab Legs, Shrimp Cocktail, Lobster and Oysters.  
Raw Bar #tonight@TOWNE, Wake UP! Brunch isn't just for Sundays!
#today@TOWNE, How could we almost forget that today is National Cheese Pizza Day!!! One of our most popular items at Towne! 
Margherita Pizza... Buffalo Mozzarella, Tomatoes, Basil, Olive Oil 
#Tonight@TOWNE, Also join us at 9PM for Live Music!!!, Dry Aged Bone In “Cowboy Ribeye” 18 oz. 
#tonight@TOWNE, Introducing Live Music at Towne Stove and Spirits tomorrow @9PM!

Click the link below for more info!

http://towneboston.com/live-band-thursdays-at-towne/, "Women are not like wine...they do not age better if left unnoticed and undisturbed." 
#winedownwednesday
#tonight@TOWNE, Don't let the heat stop you from enjoying yourself.
#vodkaorgindecisionsdecisions 
#tonight@TOWNE, I think everyone should go to college and get a degree and then spend six months as a bartender and six months as a cabdriver.  Then they would really be educated.  ~Al McGuire
Welcome Back to Boston!! MIT Harvard Fisher Emerson College Northeastern Boston University
#wehopetoseeyousoon!, Happy Labor Day!
#keepsafeandenjoy, "One of the very nicest things about life is the way we must regularly stop whatever it is we are doing and devote our attention to eating. " 
Luciano Pavorotti
#TowneBruch, National Cabernet Day is today. But who really needs an excuse?!
#tonight@TOWNE, Drinking Hour Starts Now 
 It’s Friday, there’s no better excuse to get your weekend started. Indulge in one of our refreshing cocktails, like our Towne Lemonade! What are you waiting for? Start your night at Towne Stove and Spirits.
#happylongweekend, CONGRATULATIONS to our Executive Chef Oscar Figueroa and his beautiful wife Bella- they welcomed a happy and healthy baby boy early this morning. Welcome to our family.... Ignacio. 
We wish mom,  Oscar and big brother Joaquin all the happiness in the world., Great Job @lenoxhotel #nexttimebiggerbucket
https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=10152669973755132, A match made in heaven. Steak & Lobster at Towne Stove and Spirits 
#letusdothegrillingforyou., Don’t let the holidays sneak up on you. Book your private holiday event now at Towne Stove and Spirits ., Cool off in our Street Bar tonight and see Joey... Try our Brambling Mojito Rum, lime, blackberry liqueur,
and club soda. #refreshingatTOWNE, Thank you to our friends at the Taj Hotel for stopping by with a nice treat on a sunny afternoon! Taj Boston, Not your typical Scallops Wrapped in Bacon at Towne!                                          #eventsthatmakeyougowow!, Perhaps you’ve heard – Restaurant Week is now Dine Out Boston. Whatever name it goes by, we are serving our menu tonight through Friday.
#bestdealinTOWNE, Life is all about making the right decisions- let us help you choose a wonderful wine to compliment your dinner. Over 100 new wines to choose from. #BackBayProblems, Thank you to our friends at the Lenox Hotel. We had a great time filming our "Best of Back Bay" segment with Dining Playbook's Jenny Johnson and our neighborhood friends The Capital Grille - Boston, MA, Lir, and The Courtyard Restaurant at the Boston Public Library. Airs Saturday at 9am. http://nesn.com/dining-playbook/, Towne is the perfect spot for all occasions. Brunch : Lunch: Dinner or Cocktail Parties up to 500. Contact info@towneboston.com, Danny Amendola's Catches for Kids Foundation treated 120 Cathedral High School students to a VIP Experience at the New England Patriots Training Camp Practice. Towne is glad to be apart of such a great foundation., Hungry? Stop by our Street Bar tonight and try our Margherita with Fior Di Latta Scamorza and Pomodoro Pizza., Join us tonight for Dine out Boston. Executive Chef Oscar has been busy in the kitchen making homemade Potato Gnocchi with peach sage beurre blanc and toasted pistachios all day., Dine Out Boston Starts Tonight! Click on the link below to see Executive Chef Oscar Figueroa's Amazing 3 course menu for a modest $38.

http://towneboston.com/dine-out-boston-dinner-2014/, Don’t leave your group’s #ThirstyThursday plans in the hands of someone else – take charge and lead your family, friends and co-workers to our Street Bar tonight! Enjoy our artichoke dip with double cut potato chips alongside a cocktail of your choice and we promise you’ll be the VIP of the evening, Join us tonight and enjoy a Towne martini – vodka or gin with goat cheese-stuffed olives – and a bowl of cherry tomato gazpacho!, Can't decide what you want for dinner tn? Join us in our dining room. We have everything from our Towne maki to New England classics like clam chowder – no matter your mood or craving you’re sure to find something delicious on our menu!, Recover from your Saturday night with our classic steak frites with bernaise for brunch - join us from 11am-3pm to replenish for the day ahead, http://www.boston.com/mt/food-dining/drink-of-the-week/2014/07/a-mouth-watering-watermelon-summer-treat.html

, With berry season in full swing now is the perfect time to try our sweet summer berry Charlotte with sour cream - layers of thin brioche and mixed summer berries, served with a dollop of tart sour cream, Skip the bar tonight and instead join us in our dining room to try our delicious braised pork belly with pickled ramps, dashi and BBQ sauce!, Happy #HumpDay! Join us tonight to try our Wednesday night special of sole Florentine with green grape wine sauce and a glass of Sartori pinot grigio, Treat yourself to a night out on the towne and enjoy our grilled lobster pizza with fresh honey ricotta and shiitake mushrooms!, Already dreading tomorrow’s 9-5? Brighten your Monday by grabbing some co-workers and joining us for $1 oysters in our Street Bar from 4-8pm – let the weekend fun continue!, Forgo the usual summertime diet of seafood tomorrow night and join us for our Saturday special of roasted prime rib with a salt and herb rub and horseradish cream – the perfect way to kick off your night!, Quench your thirst and appetite this #ThirstyThursday with drinks and bites from our stellar bar menu – doesn’t a round of fried shiso peppers wrapped in prosciutto sound good?, ‘Tis the season for raw bar! Whether you have a party of two or eight we have three sizes of raw bar platters featuring oysters, shrimp, lobster and Alaskan king crab that are sure to satisfy your summertime craving!, Escape the humidity tonight and cozy up to our fully air-conditioned bar to enjoy our crispy rock shrimp with spicy mustard aioli and our new sandia cocktail – cucumber vodka, watermelon and simple. Sure to cool you off in no time!, Forget the bathing suit diet today and enjoy our fully-loaded breakfast burrito - scrambled eggs, onions, peppers, cheddar cheese, Mexican rice, cilantro, tomato – and a cool bellini for brunch …we’re open from 11am to 3pm!, You made it through a full five-day work week and for that you deserve a sweet treat! Join us tonight and enjoy our soft and gooey chocolate cake with homemade burnt sugar ice cream – the perfect way to end a long and hot week., Need a little something to help you over the weekday hump? Take a seat in our dining room tonight and enjoy our new cherry tomato gazpacho with marinated Alaskan King crab and avocado!, Join us tonight on our patio - enjoy our Tuesday's Special..... Gnocchi Primavera with fava beans, pea greens, asparagus and baby carrots.., Take solace from the day’s heat and humidity and sidle up to our bar tonight to enjoy our new Brambling Mojito – rum, lime, blackberry liqueur and club soda – sure to refresh and replenish!, http://nesn.com/2014/03/jeff-greens-five-favorite-restaurants-around-boston-video/, Such a fun day with Meredith Vieira and WCVB- as nice as they are talented!, Spent the weekend celebrating our independence (and maybe went a little too far?). Recover with our fully-loaded brunch today from 11am-3pm – our biscuits and sausage gravy with fried egg is sure to cure whatever ails you, Happy 4th of July Boston! We wish you all a safe and happy day of celebrating our forefathers!, Towne Lobster Roll ...available all weekend....., We’ll be open tomorrow to celebrate America! Join us for drinks starting at 4pm or come by to enjoy our full dinner menu from 5:30-10:30pm!, Only one more workday to go before the 3-day weekend starts!  Celebrate our forefathers a bit early by enjoying our new house-made sangria topped with elderflower liqueur tonight., Enjoy a Key West classic without the high-priced airfare! Join us tonight and enjoy our new coupe of key lime mousse with a chewy coconut macaroon, toasted coconut and whipped cream – the perfect way to treat yourself this Tuesday., Kick your #SundayFunday off with our “American” - 2 eggs any style, potato hash cakes, bacon or chicken sausage & ciabatta toast! Just the fuel you need to keep the party going all day long., You made it to Friday (finally!). Celebrate a long week of hard work with our new Jim and The Giant Peach cocktail – bourbon, peach nectar, fresh lemon & mint – best sipped with friends on our patio, Kick your #ThirstyThursday off in our Street tonight with our Towne lemonade - blueberry vodka, pomegranate and lemonade - and fried shiso peppers, wrapped in prosciutto!, Ever wonder where Boston chefs get all of their farm-to-table ingredients? Check out our own Mark Allen’s thoughts on why local produce wholesalers are the best for fresh MA ingredients, courtesy of The Boston Globe , The sun isn’t setting until after 8pm tonight which makes it the perfect time to enjoy our patio for dinner! Grab some friends and watch the sunset while you enjoy our new summer tomato salad with prosciutto, Vidalia onion, mozzarella, basil, lemon and olive oil., ‘Tis the season for seafood (even for brunch!). Join us today from 11am-3pm and start your day off with our smoked salmon salad with potato latkes, red onion, capers and egg – the perfect summertime brunch, Warmer temps call for lighter fare. Forget the heavy meal tonight and beat the heat with our large raw bar platter – 12 oysters, 8 shrimp, whole Maine lobster tail, 1 lb. Alaskan king crab and 8 clams – and a Newbury sparkler - prosecco, pisco, fresh lemon and lychee, Escape the humidity this evening in our Street Bar with a refreshing Boston uncommon gimlet - gin, rosemary simple, fresh lime and lavender bitters - in one hand and a turkey slider with cabbage, fennel slaw and chipotle aioli in the other!, Dinner out doesn’t have to be a calorie laden experience! Join us tonight for our new vegetarian maki roll with avocado, carrot, cucumber, iceberg, asparagus, shiitake mushroom & lemon mayo – a lighter option fully loaded with healthy veggies, Oyster Monday's ... Come by and see Jim $1 each until 8pm, Happy Father's Day, Boston! We wish you all a happy and safe day of showing Dad how much you care., Still haven’t made Father’s Day plans? Make a reservation today for Dad and the whole family to enjoy our fully-loaded brunch this Sunday from 11am-3pm , We were so happy to be a part of Danny Amendola's Celebrity Waiter night yesterday evening to benefit Danny Amendola's Catches for Kids Foundation! Check out the photos from the star-studded event here, null, In just a few hours our dining room will be filled with New England Patriots players and instead of eating they’ll be waiting the tables to support teammate Danny Amendola's Catches for Kids Foundation! We can’t wait to see if they’re as graceful in the dining room as they are on the field., We’re gearing up to host Danny Amendola's sold out Celebrity Waiter Night to benefit Danny Amendola's Catches for Kids Foundation tomorrow night. Between the New England Patriots' all-star service and Chef Mark Allen’s delicious fare, it promises to be a great and charitable event!, You know what they say…the best way to recover from a rowdy Saturday night out is to keep the party going well into Sunday (at least that’s what we say!) Join us today from 11am-3pm for our fully loaded brunch – with one of our Bloody Mary’s in one hand and our prime burger in the other we guarantee you’ll be good as new in no time!, Burgers + Boston Magazine Events = the ultimate #BurgerBattle. We’re pitted against the best of the best and need your help to secure a top 20 spot! Like our burger? Lend us a hand with your vote today , The view outside your office window may not invoke thoughts of summer but in our dining room Chef Mark Allen is serving up seasonal delights all night long! Try our new wood-fired swordfish steak with crispy Ipswich clams, roasted fennel and caper remoulade tonight – sure to add a little summer to your night!, With cookout season in full swing, we’re hoping to land a spot in Boston Magazine Events ultimate #BurgerBattle cookout on 8/13.  Help us secure a spot in the top 20 by casting your vote for our beef burger with cheddar, fried pickles, lettuce, tomato and onion today! , Reminder: Due to construction at The Shops at Prudential Center we will be closed for lunch Monday-Friday starting today, sorry for any inconvenience. We will reopen for dinner and will be kicking off our summer special tonight – join us in our Street Bar every Monday all summer long for $1 oysters from 4-8pm!, Due to construction at The Shops at Prudential Center we will be closed for lunch Monday-Friday starting tomorrow - sorry for any inconvenience this may cause, Forgo your Friday night sushi take-out routine & join us tonight to try our brand new maki selections! The Towne roll - halibut, salmon, tuna, cucumber, avocado, carrot, spicy mayo, unagi sauce & tempura flakes – is sure to make our dining room your new sushi spot!, Sun’s out buns out! Burger buns that is. Haven’t cast your vote for Boston Magazine Events #BurgerBattle yet? Lend us a hand today and help us get into the top 20 , In just two weeks we’ll be opening up our doors and our kitchen to some of the New England Patriots' finest players for Danny Amendola's Celebrity Waiter Night! Will see you there? , Didn’t get your fill of burgers this weekend? Join us for lunch today for our all beef burger with cheddar, fried pickles, tomato, lettuce & onion! If you love it as much as we do repay us with your support in Boston Magazine Events ultimate #BurgerBattle , No work tmrw + brunch with us = the makings for a perfect #SundayFunday! Whether you need to recover from last night or are ready to get the party started, our dining room is the place to be, Forget the limp salad waiting in your office fridge and join us for lunch today for our all-beef burger with all the fixins! If you love it as much as we do, repay us with your #BurgerBattle vote , Kick off the Memorial Day weekend BBQs early and swing by our bar tonight for beef burger bites with all the fixins and The Cape cocktail - rum and cranberry reduction topped with ginger beer, Beef + Keen’s Cheddar + Fried Pickles = the ultimate burger! If you agree cast your vote for our burger in Boston Magazine Events #BurgerBattle today , Don’t wait until the weekend to treat your sweetheart to a night out on the “towne.” Join us tonight for a complimentary treat and inspired fare from Chef Mark Allen , Catch some rays during your lunch hour today! Join us for a delicious build your own chopped salad out on our patio. Sun + healthy lunch = you getting beach ready!, On the fence about which burger you’ll vote for in Boston Magazine Events #BurgerBattle? Join us today and let us sway you with our beef burger w/ cheddar and all the fixings!, Don’t wait ‘til you're already starving to decide where to have brunch this Saturday or Sunday! Make a reservation today to join us for our “Towne breakfast” sandwich - fried egg, bacon, lettuce, tomato, cream cheese on a toasted bagel and served with a Bloody Mary or mimosa, all for only $15…the price alone is worth getting out of bed for, The #BurgerBattle has begun! Cast your vote today and help us secure a top 20 spot in Boston Magazine Events ultimate Battle of the Burger! , Take a mid-week, midday break and join us for lunch today! Our turkey burger with cabbage & fennel slaw and chipotle dressing is sure to beat the leftovers waiting for you in the office fridge., Have a celebration coming up? Book your next event with us! Whether you’re planning an intimate gathering for 10 or a huge celebration for 100+ our two floors, three bars and spacious dining areas are sure to have just what you’re looking for.  Call us today for more info on how you can book one of our spaces (617) 391-2489!, Happy Mother’s Day Boston! We wish you all a safe and happy day of celebrating the special women in your lives., We’re gearing up for tomorrow’s early Mother’s Day festivities! Rain or shine we’ll be serving up a good time for the whole family with help from The Elizabeth Grady Company & SalonCapri.  At only $20/family for a full day of pampering for Mom, card-making for kids & dads and snacks for the whole family you won’t want to miss out!, Show Thursday some love & roundup your co-workers for an impromptu happy hour at our bar! Enjoy citrus shrimp with wasabi cocktail sauce and The Cape – rum and cranberry reduction topped with ginger beer. That combo will have you feelin’ like it’s summer in no time!, 3 days and counting, do you know what your Mother’s Day plans are? Join us on 5/10 so Mom can indulge in a full-day of pampering, courtesy of The Elizabeth Grady Company & SalonCapri, while kids and dads get creative with Mother’s Day sentiments at our card-making station. For only $20/family + a $20 gift card to use at our special Mother’s Day brunch on 5/11, Mom will be singing your praises all year long (we won’t even try to take credit for giving you the idea), The sun is shining and temperatures are rising – don’t stay cooped up in your office all day! Join us out on our patio for lunch and enjoy one of our delicious burgers, a build your own chopped salad or indulge in one of our larger plates all while soaking up some rays., You only have one week left to plan the perfect Mother’s Day celebration…stop procrastinating & plan to spend the weekend with us.  From 11am-3pm on 5/10 we’ll be offering Moms some serious pampering, thanks to The Elizabeth Grady Company & SalonCapri, and card-making for the little-ones and dads.  $20/family gets you access to all of the activities and food + a $20 gift card per family to use at our Mother’s Day Brunch on 5/11!, End your week on a sweet note! Join us for dinner tonight and indulge in our wood-fired lobster followed by our new salted caramel cheesecake with crème fraiche ice cream., Our Patio is Open For Lunch Today!!! Finally time to celebrate Spring.... it's a Sangria type of day!!, Mother’s Day is fast approaching and the last thing you want is for Mom to think you forgot about it. Join us on 5/10 for a day of pampering for moms, courtesy of The Elizabeth Grady Company and SalonCapri, and card-making for kids and dads. Cost is $20 per family for the activities and food, and guests will receive one $20 gift card per family to use toward Towne’s Mother’s Day Brunch on Sunday, May 11., Who says you can’t get ‘thirsty’ before Thursday? Certainly not us! Join us tonight in our Street Bar after work for bar bites and libations – our chipotle guacamole and corn chips paired with our South End margarita will get you Cinco de Mayo-ready in no time., Show mom how much you care this year by giving her something she’ll truly cherish, like a full weekend out of the kitchen and some much needed R&R on our patio! Join us 5/10 for a day of family fun on our patio and on 5/11 for a special Mother’s Day brunch , Our new tequila sunrise + a jumbo sticky bun (and maybe an order of bacon and/or potato hash cakes) = the perfect hangover cure. Join us for brunch today from 11am-3pm for all this and more! Our new brunch menu is sure to cure whatever ails you., Looking for the perfect way to celebrate Mom this Mother’s Day? Look no further! We have a full weekend of fun, food & sun planned for the whole family 5/10-5/11 – it’s sure to put a smile on Mom’s face! , Still haven’t booked a reservation for your graduation dinner? We’ve got you covered! Book with us today and come graduation night you’ll be enjoying a meal that’s sure to please the whole family, Who says after-work drinks have to wait for 5pm on Thursday? Get your co-workers on board & swing by our bar tonight to enjoy our Street Bar Menu & cocktail list – planning this outing is sure to make you an office favorite!, Happy #MarathonMonday Boston! We wish all the runners, visitors and Bostonians a safe and happy day!, Couldn’t make it to our all-you-can-eat brunch this morning? Join us tonight for our Marathon Sunday Pasta Night menu! Whether you’re a marathon runner (or just a marathon eater) we’re sure to have a pasta dish that will feed your carb cravings  - even The Boston Globe agrees , Don’t forget to tune in to NESN's Dining Playbook tomorrow morning at 9AM to check us out on the #BostonMarathon special for our Marathon Sunday Pasta Night Menu, Whether you’re running the The Boston Marathon or are just in the mood for some good old fashioned carbo-loading you won’t want to miss our Marathon Sunday Pasta Night menu! Zagat Boston agrees - it’s a carb-lovers must-try , null, $84.600 total raised today with phone pledges .... Great day by all at Towne and the amazing staff/crew of WCVB CH5!!!, One Fund -Marathon Sports Running Team ... One hour left - over 75k raised ... 844-617-fund (3863), Today Towne will be hosting with WCVB a telethon for the One Fund Boston. To donate please call 844-617 FUND (3863) 6am-8pm., WCVB Telethon Begins at Towne Tuesday at 6am., Keep #SundayFunday going well into the night. Our seasonally-inspired Street Bar Menu and awesome cocktail list will make sure your weekend ends on a high note!, Don’t wait until tomorrow morning to decide on a brunch destination! Book a reservation with us today and come this time tomorrow you can be noshing on our brand new brunch delights and sipping on a customizable Bloody Mary, White truffle polenta fries + a Back Bay smash = the perfect #ThirstyThursday! Join us tonight for delicious bites from our Street Bar Menu and cocktails to match, Graduating is hard enough before you even start trying to plan your family’s post-ceremony celebration dinner. Relieve some of your stress and book with us today – our menu has something for everyone! , Don’t rely on the “April showers bring May flowers” mantra to brighten a dreary day. Join us for lunch & sweeten the day by ending your meal with our homemade candy bar #TowneTuesdays, Didn’t join us last week for the debut of our new brunch menu and Bloody Mary cart? Join us today or tomorrow 11am-3pm to taste-test our new offerings!, You finally made it to Friday! Celebrate with a lunch out on the towne and enjoy our delicious salmon burger with fries, you deserve it, We’re so excited to participate in tonight’s Taste of the Back Bay event! Tickets are still available to join the fun, will we see you there? , Chef Mark Allen is working hard in the kitchen to prepare his exclusive menu for the Neurofibromatosis, Inc., Northeast’s Table for TEN benefit, we can’t wait to host our TEN tonight and serve this great cause!, With spring finally creeping out from behind winter’s cold it’s time to up the ante on your lunch game! Escape the office and enjoy our lobster roll today, it’s sure to give you a much-needed taste of summer, Had a great time today shooting with Dining Playbook for NESN's #BostonMarathon special. Be sure to check it out on 4/19!, We were so happy to play host to Chef Lydia Shire and the women of Les Dames D'Escoffier for their annual dinner last night, check out the photos here!, Join us today from 11am-3pm for the launch of our brand new brunch menu! Seasonally inspired menu + our new Bloody Mary cart = a not-to-be-missed experience, Today’s the last you can take advantage of our Dine Out Boston menus! Join us for a noontime escape from the office or shake up your Friday night plans with one our special menus before they’re gone!, Our thoughts & hearts go out to Boston-area firefighters today, especially to our neighbors at the Boylston Street fire station, thank you for all you do, End your #HumpDay with the perfect meal followed by a decadently perfect dessert.  Enjoy our Dine Out Boston dinner menu and cap the night off with the banana bread pudding special with warm caramel sauce – a great meal won’t make your week work end but it will sure make the weekend feel w/in reach!, The window to enjoy our Dine Out Boston lunch specials is quickly closing…with only 4 days left, now’s the time to break free from the office and enjoy a lunch that doesn’t come from a brown paper bag, Don’t let your weekend end with a whimper. Forgo a quiet night at home and join us tn instead for pistachio-crusted salmon with aromatic basmati rice and cardamom-stir fried baby bok choy or prime beef with English pea stroganoff from our Dine Out Boston dinner menu!, Keep your Friday night tradition of Chinese food going strong, but trade the takeout for a night out and try Chef Mark Allen’s wonton soup or yellowtail Hamachi crudo, both on our exclusive Dine Out Boston dinner menu!, Our Dine Out Boston lunch menu has been posted! Chef Mark Allen is whipping up specialties that make 3-courses for $20 a steal well worth leaving the office for! , Forget #MarchMadness, the real madness started today! Vote for us in The Boston Globe's Munch Madness bracket & help us secure a coveted final four spot, Treat yourself today with our new fig & duck confit toast with blue cheese on our Street Bar menu! #TowneTuesdays #TuesdayTreat, Don’t let the St. Patty’s partying stop with the end of the Southie parade this year! Keep the party going all night - our new Street Bar menu & A+ cocktail list promises to keep your Irish spirits strong!, Guinness Ice Cream all weekend!!!, Plan ahead and give yourself something to look forward to next week by booking a Dine Out Boston lunch res with us today! Chef Mark Allen is gearing up to serve crab cakes with celery root, apple slaw and chipotle mayo and other delicious treats – you won’t regret taking a full lunch hour to try one of his delights, Even our Robot is getting in the mood for St. Patty’s weekend!! Stop by and try our homemade Guinness Ice Cream…., Elevate your #ThirstyThursday plans by joining us tonight for your choice libation paired with our new pulled pork & grilled pineapple burger bites, The window is closing to rank your fave restaurants for The Boston Globe's Annual Munch Madness! Rank your favorites today and help us secure a top spot in the coveted 64 , Don’t settle for typical bar snacks to pair with your post-work drinks! Grab your fave co-workers and swing by our bar to enjoy white truffle polenta fries from our new Street Bar Menu today, your co-workers will thank you., Procrastinating on making a lunch res with us for Dine Out Boston? Don’t wait any longer, Chef Mark Allen will be whipping up delicious banh mi sandwiches with home-made chips Monday-Friday…you won’t want to miss this!, Forget basketball, we’re focused on a different bracket this March! Help us secure a spot in the top 64 restaurant bracket for The Boston Globe's Munch Madness , New format + new menus = awesome Dine Out Boston lunch and dinner specials happening in our dining room 3/16-3/21 and 3/23-3/28, make your reservation today!, Forget the age old adage and bring March in like a lamb with our wood-fired Colorado rack of lamb with socca cake, cipollini, winter mushrooms and pesto! Who knows? Maybe the weather will follow suit, After a weekend of overindulging refresh yourself for the week ahead with our roasted kale salad with bay scallops, shallots, pepperoncini and creamy soy dressing, Plan your next event with us, we have everything you need to make any occasion really special – whether it’s an intimate party for 20 or epic event for 100+ , Words to live by… let us help with the “dine well” part and try our Wednesday special tonight!, Treat yourself and a friend this Tuesday to our banana split for two.  The perfect ending to a meal (or meal replacement – we won’t tell!) #TowneTuesdays, Spend the last hours of your weekend relaxing and let us take care of the cooking tonight - we have a seat waiting for you…, We had an awesome time hosting Boston Common Magazine for their issue launch party last night! See for yourself, We’re getting ready to host Boston Common Magazine for an awesome, celeb-studded party tonight! Pics to come!, Take the warmer temperatures as a sign you should get out tonight - Chef Mark Allen has his signature roasted baby monkfish waiting for you in our dining room, Stay Tuned......., Happy Presidents’ Day Boston! We’re open regular hours today to help you celebrate a day off from work (and our forefathers’ accomplishments!), Sipping on some vino at the Boston Wine Expo today? Swing by the Grand Tasting Stage at 3:45pm to see our own Chef Mark Allen whip up his Sea Scallop & Warm Kale Salad creation – the perfect complement to your glass of sauvignon blanc!, Is your Valentine a no-show this year? According to Rundown Boston our bar might be where you’re special someone has been hiding all along. Swing by tonight and check for yourself! , Procrastinated on making your Valentine’s Day plans? We’ve got you covered all weekend long. Starting today through Sunday we’re offering a romantic prix-fixe for two, sure to make whichever night you choose to celebrate feel like the 14th!, Our sous chef Diego has created our mouth watering chefs special tonight...baked haddock with fresh little necks and a chowder broth., It’s not too late to get your ticket to the Boston Wine Expo's Sunday Grand Tasting! Our own Chef Mark Allen will be cooking up Cape Sea Scallops with Warm Kale Salad alongside other local celebrity chefs (Plus there’s wine! Who doesn’t like a little day drinking?) , We’re on your side Boston, #Sundayfunday should never peter out before 4pm! Grab your friends (the ones that are still standing that is) and join us at our bar for delicious booze & bites – sure to keep the party going well into the night, Friday is finally here and you’ve made it through a week of work and brown paper bag lunches...start your weekend early and take a break from the office to revel in our flank steak w/ truffle fries & Béarnaise sauce!, Can’t celebrate Valentine’s Day on the 14th? No problem! We’re offering our romance-inspired prix-fixe menu 2/13- 2/16 so the celebration can fit into you and your sweetheart’s schedules!, The weather outside is frightful but our dining room is warm and full of delicious bites and boozy indulgences. We’re open regular hours for lunch & dinner today – the perfect refuge from the snowy streets!, Towne will be open all day today!! Stop by and say hello!!, Start gearing up for the impending snow storm tonight with our stick-to-your-ribs baked ziti with sun-dried tomatoes, lobster & burrata – if you aren’t lucky enough to have a snow day you’ll at least be fortified for the chilly morning commute!, Fuel up for game time with a pre-Super Bowl brunch worthy of the pros…our new eggs benedict with king crab, avocado & pico de gallo is just the ticket to keep you going all day (and night) long!, You made it – five whole days working 9-5 and now the weekend is finally here! Celebrate with a delicious dinner topped off with our chocolate peanut butter soufflé...there’s no such thing as watching your waistline on the weekend!, Plan ahead and put President’s Day weekend to good use by checking out the 2014 Boston Wine Expo Feb 15-16! Our own Mark Allen and other local celebrity chefs will be whipping up delish dishes (complete with samples!) during demos throughout the weekend, Looking for a new #SuperBowlSunday tradition? Start one with us this year by joining us for our new a la carte Sunday brunch from 11am-3pm - we’ll be sure to have you fueled up and ready to cheer well before kick-off! , Who says dessert has to wait until after dinner? Let lunch have some sweet fun too! Join us for a midday escape from the office and end your meal with our decadent house-made candy bar – layers of handmade caramel and cookie dipped in delicious milk chocolate, We hear you – it’s not time to shut the door on #Sundayfunday quite yet. Keep the weekend fun going with drinks and bar bites tonight in our Street Bar!, Tired of your Friday night routine? Grab some friends and mix it up tonight with one of our delicious cocktails and our Friday night special of crab and fennel stuffed shrimp!, Valentine’s Day is fast approaching and no one wants to be the boyfriend or girlfriend who forgot to make plans for their special someone! Book with us today to enjoy our delicious prix fixe available Thursday through Saturday – it’s sure to be a night (or weekend!) to remember, Due to the storm we are closed for lunch today but will reopen for regular dinner service. Stay warm Boston!, Always wished you could be more like Big Papi? We can help…follow in our local hero’s footsteps and take the time to taste our new seasonal menu today, Feeling drained after cheering the New England Patriots on all day? Stop in and refuel with our Sunday special – spaghetti & Wagyu meatballs with zesty tomato sauce and garlic bread…a little carbo-loading never hurt anyone!, Pumped for the New England Patriots game this Sunday? So are we! Don’t get stuck scrambling for somewhere to watch, plan ahead to join us in cheering the Pats on – our Asian style chicken wings & selection of beers make our bar the perfect place to watch!, Drop in temperature got you rethinking your post-work plans? Our new Colorado rack of lamb with socca cake, cipollini, winter mushrooms and pesto is just the nudge you need to forgo the couch, grab some friends & hit the Towne tonight!, Rain got you feeling down? Give yourself something to look forward to…book a res with us for tonight and you can be enjoying our new & delicious veal osso bucco with roasted root veggies, herb jus & gremolata in just a few hours from now – sure to turn your day around!, Is your New Year’s resolution to eat healthier making you crave the rich food of the holiday season? Indulge in a happy medium tonight with our new charcuterie salad – bibb lettuce, prosciutto, soppressata & farmer’s pâté topped with mustard seed dressing…the perfect combo of rich & healthy!, The wood has been chopped and loaded into the oven and we’re ready to fire it up & crank out our wood fired specialties just for you. Kick the weekend off right and enjoy our new filet mignon with blue cheese butter & port glaze!, New Year = new menu at Towne! Stop in tonight for a #ThirstyThursday tipple paired with our new salmon tenderloin with swiss chard, crab Rangoon & soy-uni sauce., It’s finally here! The halfway mark through a full work week that hasn’t been graced by any holiday or snow day reprieves…celebrate with a cocktail (or two)! Towne martini with goat cheese stuffed olives anyone?, Cold temps got you planning another lunch at your desk? Escape the office & warm up with a comforting combo of creamy tomato soup and grilled cheese on sourdough with Keen’s cheddar!, Need to refuel after a weekend of digging out of the snow? We have just the thing! Joins us 11am-3pm for our all-you-can-eat brunch buffet...sure to refresh you for the week ahead!, Due to current weather conditions we will be closed for lunch today but will reopen at 5:30pm for normal dinner service - stay warm Boston!, Don’t let the snow get the best of you! Our bar is open & serving a limited menu to complement your favorite cocktails – sure to fortify you against the wintery weather!, Don’t let your bubbly recovery plan fall by the wayside! Party like it’s the end of 2013 tonight then recuperate with us tmrw, 11am-3pm at our New Year's Day brunch…sure to cure whatever ails you!, Do you have the date, the intent (to party-hardy that is) & the perfect outfit for NYE but are still trying to nail down a plan? Let us help!, Reservations still available 6:30 and earlier on NYE- then stay and dance the night away! Champagne Dinner!, We wish you a safe and merry holiday, Boston!, Towne will be closing at 8pm on Christmas Eve and Closed Christmas Day., Put your token ugly sweater to use one last time this holiday season and join us today 11am-3pm for our all-you-can-eat Ugly Sweater Brunch! Only $25/person for our carving station, make-your-own omelet bar, coveted dessert spread and more when you don your lamest apparel!, Forgot your office’s Yankee swap was today? No problem! Grab a gift card from us and give your co-workers the gift of a lunchtime escape or after-work drinks…sure to make you an instant office favorite!, Thanks to Food Republic’s feature with Chef Mark Allen, you can make & enjoy our Tuesday special – Veal & Foie Gras Meatloaf – any day of the week!, Don’t let the snow keep you home on the last night of  Back Bay On Display's Holly-Days promos! Treat yourself to a night on the “towne” and enjoy 10% off of our Street Bar menu from 5-9pm. If this isn’t the perfect winter wonderland meal & deal, we don’t know what is, Don’t rely on a Christmas miracle to take care of your Christmas Eve dinner! Plan ahead & book a reservation with us today – we’re open 5:30pm-10pm and are sure to have something for everyone on our new winter menu (even your picky nephew), Snowy weather + our Back Bay On Display Holly-Days promo = the perfect excuse to cozy up to our bar with your favorite cocktail and enjoy 10% off our Street Bar menu from 5-9pm!, null, Need a little inspiration for braving the weather tonight at dinner? Look no further, Don’t let the threat of a little rain or snow keep you home tonight. Grab your friends and start the weekend off right with dinner in one our dining rooms or drinks at our bar! We have the dishes and cocktails to satisfy every taste and craving., Isn’t holiday shopping so much better after a cocktail? Stop by our bar tonight to indulge in a tasty #ThirstyThursday tipple & on your way out finish your holiday shopping by grabbing one of our gift cards for the foodie in your life!, Missed out on #BlackFriday and #CyberMonday deals? Never fear – Back Bay On Display's Holly-Days promos are here! Pick up gifts at The Shops at Prudential Center, then treat yourself to 10% off our of our Street Bar menu from 5-9pm! #TowneTuesdays, Worried about how you'll stay on your feet for another marathon day of holiday shopping? Tuck into our Sunday brunch buffet & we'll give you our homemade candy bar to-go for free! A sweet treat that's sure to keep you bargain hunting all day long., Getting your #BlackFriday shopping done at  The Shops at Prudential Center or on Newbury Street, Boston today? Visit us for lunch to refuel your bargain hunting engines with one of our signature plates or BBQ chicken flatbread - sure to keep you going strong all day long!, Happy Thanksgiving Boston! We wish you all a safe and happy holiday!, All of us at Towne Stove and Spirits wish you a Happy Thanksgiving. We will be serving dinner from 12-8pm and our bar will be open until 10pm., Get a jumpstart on your holiday shopping tonight with Back Bay On Display's Holly-Days deals, including 10% off of our Street Bar menu from 5-9pm! Who says you can spend some money on yourself this holiday season? #TowneTuesdays, Great recap of our Sunday brunch buffet from recent guest Paleo Princess!Take a look at her cheesy, chocolate-y choices., Don’t let the cold weather get the best of you! Bring a summer feel back to your #ThirstyThursday imbibing and stay warm inside at our bar tonight with The Cape - rum & cranberry reduction topped with ginger beer, Still trying to figure out an alternative to hosting Thanksgiving dinner in your 1 bedroom walk-up? No problem, let us take the reins this year – we have room for every aunt and uncle (even the ones you aren’t too keen on), Now that the holidays are officially here, it’s the perfect time to treat yourself to an early present…a night out of the kitchen! Join us tonight for our Tuesday plate special - veal & foie gras meatloaf w/ yukon potato puree, asparagus & mushroom gravy. Remember, calories don’t count during the holidays #TowneTuesdays, We're pumped to be hosting the Boston brunchers today! And can't wait to see who else will come out to enjoy our sweet, savory and boozy unlimited brunch spread!, Loved hosting Yelp Boston's Gold Elite Badge members for a solid gold brunch at our buffet last Sunday! Read up on their experience and book your own solid gold brunch today, null, Don’t let winter’s fast approach cause early hibernation. Come out tonight and join us for a bowl of our pumpkin bisque topped with cinnamon mascarpone – a warming treat that’s sure to please!, Don’t let the threat of snow keep you at home before December even begins! Get out tonight for a sweet treat and tuck into our spiced cranberry cider and donuts #TowneTuesdays, Had too much fun last night, but still want to enjoy some #SundayFunday festivities? Round up your friends and start your morning (or afternoon…) right at our all-you-can-eat #brunch buffet…the cure all for whatever ails you and the antidote to a boring Sunday!, Planning on having a little too much fun at Thirst Boston opening party tomorrow and looking for a way to recharge for a day of cocktail seminars at Hotel Commonwealth Boston on Sunday? Plan ahead and book a brunch reservation with us today! Our all you can eat buffet is sure to cure all that ails and refuel you for a day of liquid lessons., Have a little midday fun with us and trade your brown paper bag lunch (eaten quickly at your desk) for our new steamed mussels & linguine plate (eaten with real silverware!). Maybe even indulge in a #ThirstyThursday tipple…we won’t tell., Let your lunch hour be the break from the office it’s meant to be & refuel with our new flank steak with truffle fries & bernaise sauce. If a break isn't the cards for you today, every item on our new lunch menu is also available to go, Your Tuesday deserves a toast! Rather than just raising a glass, check out our chicken liver & grilled onions toast with grain mustard & pickles tonight and show the beginning of your week as much love as the end #TowneTuesdays, Thank you to everyone who came out to watch the parade! It was a great day all around!!!!, Looking to keep your #WorldSeries celebrating going strong? Travel + Leisure recommends checking out our Big Papi cocktail – inspired by #Boston’s own MVP!, Now that the Boston Red Sox are the #WorldSeriesChamps, it’s time to turn your attention to other important issues…like Sunday #brunch.  Book ASAP to get $10 off your reservation!, Don’t let the threat of overcrowded bars at Fenway keep you from cheering on the Boston Red Sox in style tonight! Join us at our bar for a Big Papi cocktail and bites from our street bar menu…all the excitement without the bar-related stress (we can’t speak for the game stress!), At a loss for what to do tonight without a Boston Red Sox game on? Come celebrate Eater Boston's Cocktail Week with Brenda’s Spice & Sass—a tequila & Tabasco-based concoction available only this week to honor the occasion!  #TowneTuesdays, Up late watching the Boston Red Sox game last night? Come recover with us at our all you can eat brunch – we have sweet, savory and even boozy (think our 2013 MLB World Series Big Papi cocktail) options to fit all tastes!, Can’t decide where to watch the 2013 MLB World Series this weekend? NECN has the scoop on why we should be at the top of your list!, Looking for somewhere to get dinner before heading to Fenway Park for Game 2?! We’ve got you covered…join us between 5:30-8pm and show us your tickets to get a free margherita pizza with the purchase of an entrée.  Zagat wants to pre-game with us…do you? #worldseries, Wanna watch Game 1 with David Ortiz? Sidle up to our bar and be one with the Boston Red Sox, with our signature World Series MLB cocktail, the Big Papi - Mandarin Vodka, Gatorade, Crème de Cassis & Blue Curacao #RedSox #WorldSeries, If our only options are trick, treat or the unsavory smelling of feet we choose treat every time, and so does Zagat! What do you choose? #TowneTuesdays, Don’t settle for another lunch hour at your desk. Come visit us and add some creativity to your Thursday by building your own chopped salad or trying one of our delicious soup/sandwich combos!, It’s all treats this Halloween at Towne! Check out what Panorama: The Official Guide to Boston has to say about our delicious fall desserts – they’re just what the Doctor (Frankenstein) ordered!, Congratulations to Terry Fulmer from North Eastern University! Terry along with 14 of his guests will have lunch at Towne on us!! Next time you’re at Towne- drop your business card with the maître d' … you could be our next winner!, Don’t let Tuesday pass you by unnoticed…take your day from ordinary to knock-your-socks-off with our new Boston Uncommon Gimlet—a delightful combination of gin, rosemary simple syrup, fresh lime and lavender bitters #TowneTuesdays, Rise and shine – it’s time for #brunch! Grab some pals and join us for a Sunday brunch buffet that promises to fit every taste and style for only $39…Sunday Funday done right!, Spend #lunch with us today and kill two birds with one stone…not only can you indulge in one of the best burgers in Back Bay, recently named by Zagat you can also book your reservation for our Sunday brunch buffet—an all you can eat smorgasbord for only $39!  Who says you can’t work and play during lunch?, On the fence about where to dine for the best seasonal menu in towne? Metro Boston has just the thing to sway you! Check out what they have to say about Chef Mark’s new menu and why you should “embrace the pumpkin” at Towne, Don’t let your holiday party planning stress you out. Start early and let us pick up the slack! We have a room and menu for every group and every holiday – book today to get your first choice, Why wait until the weekend to take a break from cooking? Relax with a night out of the kitchen to enjoy our 12 oz. double-cut Kurobuta pork chop with green apples and honey-grain mustard glaze…the perfect fall dish to enjoy while the weather stays chilly #TowneTuesdays, We’ve got all the fixings for #SundayFunday! Join us from 11am-3pm for our brand new brunch buffet and indulge in almost limitless brunch delights – build-your-own omelets & pancakes, carving stations & hot entrees, good old fashioned bagels & lox and more!, Check out the Let's Talk About Food tomorrow in Copley Square for a day of food-centric fun and activities. Even more reason to be there is the Men & Women in Blue Cook-Off at 4:45pm with our own Chef Mark Allen coaching the Watertown Police Department to victory! Come cheer on our hometown heroes!, It’s #ThirstyThursday and you know what that means! When that clock hits 5pm, grab your co-workers and head our way to enjoy the great new Street Bar menu and signature cocktails. Unwind with white bean puree & prosciutto toasts w/ balsamic glaze or our Towne martini w/ goat cheese-stuffed olives…whatever your style, we have something for everyone!, Happy Humpday #Boston! With only 2 more days until the weekend it’s time to kick your weekend planning into high gear. Make sure our brand #new brunch buffet is on your #SundayFunday schedule! You won’t want to miss it :), Don’t pass up the chance to enjoy the warm weather! Join us on our patio tonight and try the delicious pan-fried scallops with cucumber-potato puree, oyster mushrooms & crispy leeks. Why just go out for dinner when you can sit out! #TowneTuesday, Woke up late and can’t decide if you should eat breakfast or lunch? No problem, come enjoy our new brunch buffet and have the best of both!, Ever have trouble picking a brunch spot that suits all your friends’ different tastes? The struggle ends tomorrow! Round up your most food-diverse friends and join us at Towne to indulge in our new #brunch buffet!, We live and work in the seafood capital of the world and Chef Mark Allen will be showing off just how well he knows his way around a fish at tomorrow’s 2nd Annual Boston Seafood Festival at the Seaport! Be sure to get there by 1pm to catch his scallop demo, Time to start planning your weekend! Make sure you add Towne to your list of things to do, and visit us on Sunday to indulge in our new brunch buffet, Mark your calendars, there’s a whole lot to celebrate this Sunday 9/29…it’s the last bruchable day of National Breakfast Month, National Coffee Day AND we’re launching our brand new #brunch buffet!!, Spice up your Tuesday night with our whole-roasted baby monkfish with bacon, carrots, garlic, fingerling potatoes & lemon sauce #TowneTuesdays. Not quite sold...check out what Zagat has to say about it!, Today is the Let's Talk About Food #meninblue cook-off at the Boston Center for Adult Education! Chef Mark Allen will there coaching the Watertown/MBTA police – an inspiring group, cooking for the big prize of an on-stage cook-off on 10/5!, TOMORROW is the Boston PAL Grand Prix at the Seaport! We’ll be there providing delicious bites alongside other local restaurants offering food and beverages to keep the boys and girls in blue racing all day.  Swing by for an hour or come all day, it’s an event for the whole family!, Looking to shake up your lunch hour? Let us help with our new build your own chopped salads, homemade candy bar, and grilled flatbreads. Each will give you the energy to storm through your afternoon, bringing Friday and the weekend one step closer!, We will be participating in the Boston Police Athletic League Inc.’s Grand Prix Carnival on Saturday, September 21. Come out for food, beer and wine, music and activities for kids, all while enjoying the race!, Show Tuesday some love and let us do the cooking…come enjoy our wood-fired lobster pizza with black truffle mascarpone, shiitake mushrooms and leeks. Trying to go gluten free? Not a problem, all of our pizzas are available sans gluten #TowneTuesdays, It’s never too early to start planning your holiday party.  We offer a wide range of menus and private spaces to make your event a unique experience, not to be forgotten.  Get started planning today!, We’re so excited that the 5th Annual Flavors of Boston Event is only ONE week away! Join us at the Seaport where our very own Mark Allen will be whipping up some of his signature flavors alongside chefs from Sweet Basil, Citizen Public House & Oyster Bar, La Morra and more.  Tickets are still available and all proceeds benefit the American Liver Foundation!, It’s finally here and we’re gearing up to have a great time tonight at Back Bay On Display’s Back Bay Night Out! All across the neighborhood stores are throwing open their doors and inviting you in to enjoy discounts, food, drinks and fun and we’re no different. Shop ‘til you drop, or get really hungry, then come visit us for 10% off of our Street Bar Menu #bbondisplay, Despite today’s heat advisory we’re gearing up to keep you warm all fall long and Zagat has taken notice! Congrats to our new Chef, Mark Allen, for having his signature whole-roasted baby monkfish featured as a not to be missed hot fall dish., Back Bay’s Night Out is this Thursday! Enjoy fashion shows, live music, shopping deals and then come visit us for dinner, drinks or both… if the special events aren’t incentive enough we’re also offering 10% off of our Street Bar menu, you won’t want to miss it! 
 #BBonDisplay
https://www.facebook.com/BackBayOnDisplay2013, The season isn’t the only thing changing in Boston…big changes are coming to Towne starting with the introduction of our new Executive Chef, Mark Allen. Check out this sneak preview of what’s to come from Zagat, New tables arrived today! Stop by for lunch 11:30-2:30 or dinner 5:30-10:00., Stop by and try our new lunch menu today! Build your own Chopped Salad, Grilled Flat Breads, Turkey Burger just to name a few. 11:30- 2:30, Patios open at Towne! Stop by for restaurant week! Peach and burrata salad with baby arugula, Join us for Restaurant Week 2013- lunch $15.13 per person, Executive Chef Mark Allen is currently working on our Sunday Brunch Buffet Menu and will launch Sunday September 29th 

Featuring Assorted Pastries, Bread, Coffee Cakes and Cereals Grilled Vegetable & Salad Station with weekly Salad Specials Raw Bar Including Wellfleet Oysters & Jumbo Shrimp Bagels, Salmon & Other Smoked Fishes Selection of Cheeses, Pates & Terrines Carved Meat of the Day Three Hot Entrees (Fish, Meat or Poultry) with Side Dishes, Including Vegetarian Pasta Maple Bacon, House Made Sausage, Grilled Ham, Made –to- Order Omelet Station Made-to- Order Pancake Stations., Dessert Display and Unlimited Fresh Juice’s Smoothies, Coffee & Tea
$42.00 per guest (children under 12/$14.00)
Sundays 11am- 3:00pm, Hope you can join us!, Happy Cinco De Mayo! We are celebrating at Towne today with Casamigos tequila! Stop by 1-4!, happy derby day! The list is closed as of right now. If you have not RSVP'd, we are happy to add you to the wait list. We look forward to celebrating with y'all., Big weekend coming up for Towne! Our Kentucky Derby Party is quickly reaching capacity. Please make sure you have RSVP on eventbrite to ensure you can celebrate with us. Also if you have any questions about our Sunday Patio Cinco de Mayo Brunch Party feel free to email KRitter@towneboston.com, Gearing up for our CINCO DE MAYO BRUNCH party! A couple updates: We will be collecting donations, and raffling off Sox tickets for the marathon One Fund-Also offering complimentary Casamigos tequila cocktails for the first hour on our outdoor patio! Can't wait to celebrate and show Boylston Street love!, We are open for lunch and dinner today, Good Afternoon. As of today, we are still not open. When we get more information, we will update. Thanks to all for the continued support., We are still closed today but hopeful for tomorrow. We will update as we get information. Thanks to all for the support., We are closed as of today- we will update when we hear if the street opens. Thank you for the support., Towne is closed today- we hope to re open soon once the city has opened our street- we will update our status. Thank you for the support., We are still closed as of today. We will continue to update as we know more. Thank you for the support., We are closed as of today- we will continue to update our status as we know more- thanks for all the support., "No tragedy, however unspeakable, will ever change the deep honor to say these words: I am from Boston". We love out city- stay strong., Towne is closed today, null, null, Thank you to everyone that came out to our benefit for the Boston Children's Hospital! We were able to raise over $1,800!, Discover Towne’s Restaurant Week’s lunch and dinner menus specially created by Executive Chef, Mario Capone. Incorporating only the freshest ingredients, each menu features inspired
dishes bursting with flavor. March 17-22 & 24-29
Reservation 617-247-0400 or towneboston.com
Lunch Monday – Friday 11:30 am- 2:30 pm
$15.13
Dinner Sunday- Friday 5:30 pm- 10:00 pm
$38.13, Lydia’s Delicious Soda Bread Recipe - We will be serving it for Brunch Saturday and Sunday

  
Lydia’s IRISH SODA BREAD !
4 c. AP flour 
1/3 c. sugar
2 ½ tsp. level sea salt 
2 tsp. baking powder 
2 T. caraway seeds 
4 T. butter or lard  + extra to butter the pan + extra butter to brush on the finished loaf 
1 c. ea. golden and dark raisins plumped in ½ c. dark rum and cooled 
1½ c. buttermilk 
1 large egg
1 tsp. baking soda 
1 large egg yolk 
1 T. heavy cream 

METHOD : 

Preheat oven to 350 degrees . Butter a bread loaf pan and line w/ wax paper or parchment paper . Butter the paper . 

In a large bowl , mix the flour , sugar , salt , baking powder + caraway seeds together . Using a pastry cutter , cut in the butter or lard . Sprinkle over the raisins that you have cooked w/ the rum gently until the rum is absorbed  . Fold together delicately .

In a small bowl whisk together the buttermilk , egg and baking soda until well mixed . Pour over the flour mixture and with a fork gently mix together until the dough barely holds . It will look like biscuit dough . Do not over mix . Place in buttered pan . Cut an X in the top of the dough and brush the yolk + heavy cream you have mixed together as a “ wash “ over the top . Bake 45 minutes to 1 hour or until you test with a wooden pick and it comes out clean . To gild the lily .. melt an additional 3 T. of butter and brush over all as soon as it comes out of the oven ., null, Join us at Towne for President's Day Brunch! Monday Funday!, Due to the snowstorm, we are closed until tomorrow at 4pm., Gearing up to launch our new cocktail list one week from today! Come join us Wednesday 2/6 for Raspberry Lime Ricky, Italian Daiquiri, and other specialty drinks from out brand new Winter List!, The complete gallery of Photographs from our NYE Great Gatsby Party at Towne available at Bbarth.com, null, We're closed tonight for a private event, but our friends at Back Bay Social Club and Sonsie aren't... So you should go keep them company! Happy Holidays!, null, null, Thank you to everyone who attended our Election Night Party! Check out some of the photos from Boston.com, Thank you to everyone who attended our Election Night Party! Check out some of the photos from Boston.com, Tonight is the night! Have you RSVPed?, This Thanksgiving Executive Chef Mario Capone is preparing a decadent Thanksgiving feast all day at Towne! In addition to serving up some classics from their regular menu, he has created a three-course menu that will allow you to gobble your way through this superbly traditional holiday!
 
Thursday, November 22nd 12pm – 8pm
Bar open until 2am
$49 per adult; $17 for children (under 12 years old)

To make a Reservation, visit http://towneboston.com/reservation or call us at 617.247.0400, The wait is almost over...our Election Party is tomorrow night! Have you RSVPed?, An update on our Election Party:

Patron has donated an Ice Luge and will be giving us 50 swag bags to give out to the first 50 attendees!

Have you RSVPed yet?, Vodka is the perfect way to start off your Thursday night. Join us and our friends from Ciroc at Towne tonight from 6-8pm., Only 1 week until our Election Night Party. Have you RSVPed yet?, Hurricane or no Hurricane, we are open today until 2am, Open To All Parties, Influenced By None. Join Us for a night of Election Inspired Cocktails & Complimentary Hors Doeuvres, while we show Live Election Coverage!, null, null, http://bostonherald.com/blogs/lifestyle/fork_lift/?p=9621, This is where special events become, well, special. 
Email Thaak@lyonsgroup.com for details on planning your next event at towne., Katie Couric with J.C. Monahan at Towne today... Katie LOVED our Lobster Popovers!, Lydia's most recent BostonHerald.com Forklift Blog features her favorite ingredients for Autumn... White truffles, anyone?, http://losangeles.grubstreet.com/2012/08/los-angeles-food-and-wine-festival-2012-photos.html#photo=20x00020, Lydia remembers Julia Childs
"Julia Child was a very good friend of mine," Shire said. "When I was the chef at Maison Robert, she used to come in there for dinner. ...and -- all of a sudden one day I was in the kitchen, and the telephone rang, and it was Julia on the other end. And she said, 'Lydia, would you like to come over to lunch tomorrow?' And I'm telling you my knees were shaking, I almost fell apart right there, and of course I said, 'Well of course I will!' So I did, and I went to her home the next day for lunch. Talk about a pit in your stomach. That was a little scary," she said.
Shire said that Child made a Roquefort tart, but revealed that the chef's real mission was networking., Long Island Duck- parsnip, cherry, wagyu skirt steak - soy, wasabi, crisp shallots, It's finally Friday! come in after work and enjoy some of our brand new dinner items and cocktails!, Thirsty Thursday anyone?, Who needs a cocktail to cool down today?, It's a beautiful afternoon for cocktails and dinner on the patio!, Check out our new dinner and cocktail menus at Towne, or better yet come in and try some new dishes!, The weekend is here, which means time for dinner and drinks at Towne. We hope to see you all soon!, The bar is waiting for you at Towne!, Boston is boasting some great weather right now! Treat yourself and join us on our patio for lunch and enjoy this beautiful day., The weekend isn't only a time for great meals and drinks at night...even it out with something just as fabulous for breakfast! Come to Towne for brunch this weekend and try our Crisp Malted Waffle, and pair it with a Bloody Mary!, We have a cocktail for everyone here at Towne, come in tonight and do your Thursday night the right way!, Wood Grilled Lobster Pizza, with red swiss chard, pine nut, and Parmesan crema. How can you resist?, Come cool off this evening at Towne while enjoying  one of our Sangria's!

Classic Red and White Peach., It's Thirsty Thursday, which means come into Towne after work for one of our signature Cucumber Rose Martinis!, Take a long lunch today and enjoy lunch on our patio!, Even though the 4th of July is over, the weekend is just beginning! Come in after work to enjoy a cocktail and one of our favorites on the menu, the delicious Lobster Popovers., Kick of the 4th of July with a BANG! Lydia made her famous Lobsta' hot dog- juicy , buttery homemade lobster " hot dogs " 
(sausage) to be exact @ Towne for Towne's 4th of July special : Lobsta' Hot Dog on Buttered Roll  w/ thin panko fried Berkshire Pork Chop , Mango Slaw .. Lorette Potatoes / YUM all for $ 20.12 !!, Introducing Towne’s Loyalty Rewards Program! This is the best way to get the most out of being a townie. Every time you accumulate 300 points, you will automatically get $25 dollars on your loyalty card, which is redeemable for dining and drinking any day, any time. The first 50 points are on us just for signing up, so get your Towne Loyalty Rewards Card today! 

https://www.facebook.com/towneboston/app_100265896690345, Sit in traffic...... or sit at Towne and sip a Lydia’s Mai Tai!, Thirsty Thursday! Stop by Towne for our 22 oz Mojito!!!, Why sit in traffic on a Friday when you could have dinner outside at Towne!!, Who wants lunch tomorrow at Towne??? The first 10 people who email info@towneboston.com will recieve $10.00 off lunch at our Street Bar tomorrow..It's for tomorrow only!!!, We're thrilled to open our doors back up for lunch this Summer!, You can't go wrong with our delicious Lobster Popovers!, Hello Summer! We are now open for lunch Monday through Friday from 11:30 am to 2:30 pm. The first 10 people who email info@towneboston.com will receive a $10.00 gift card to join us for lunch!, Jacoby Ellsbury gave our new lunch menu his stamp of approval yesterday!, Stop in today for lunch and try our Bacon Cheddar Burger off our lunch menu!, Rain, rain, go away!, looking for a Summer of Love? Towne tops the list for Boston's best singles bars!

http://boston.cbslocal.com/top-lists/bostons-best-singles-bars/, Thanks to Erica for sharing this beautiful photo on Tastedmenu.com! , null, share your favorite dish or drink with us on Yelp!, One of the dishes from our New Spring Menu, Prime Sirloin Steak, a recap of last night's Phan Night Hot Dog Safari event!, Tonight: Lydia is off to the 23rd annual Hot Dog Safari benefitting the Joey Fund and Cystic Fibrosis Foundation!, Mother's Day is right around the corner... What are your plans?

 
, Here are our Mother's Day menu additions: 

warm crab tart w. poached asparagus / spring radish salad & burnt lemon hollandaise  11
chicken paillard w. fava bean puree / burrata & vine tomatoes arugula pesto  19

Don't forget to make your reservation! , our Spring dessert menu is now being served!, Start the week off right with dinner tonight at Towne., Spotted at our Greg Stiemsma Celebrity Bartender fundraiser!, Join us tomorrow night while Celtics player, Greg Stiemsma, mixes cocktails to benefit the Young Audiences of Massachusetts!, our patio is back in business just in time for Marathon Monday..., Addidas took over our Solarium this morning..., Ever wonder what a Lydia Shire "Saugy Dog" is? Well, there's only one way to find out on May 9th!

, Get in the Opening Day spirit with Lydia's recipe for homemade Cracker Jack!, One of the dishes from the New Spring Menu, Hamachi Tartare, if you're celebrating Good Friday, we have plenty of options to choose from. Including our wood-grilled lobster tails! Bon Appetit!, Add a little spice to your life with our Margarita on Fire: tequila, orange liqueur, house-made habanero syrup, and top it all off with an orange brûlée garnish. Cheers!, Still no plans for Easter? Celebrate with us!, One of the dishes from the New Spring Menu, Duck Crisp, Check out our new Spring menu!, Easter’s just around the corner… Brunch with us and enjoy specials from Lydia’s kitchen including Wood Roasted Leg of Lamb… Check it out at 2 Dine for Boston's round-up:

(http://www.facebook.com/#!/2DineForBoston), Salmon crisp w/ tart key lime & palm sugar gastrique .. okinawan yam, Photographer Russ Mezikofsky doing what he does best in our Street Bar this evening!, This Sunday, the 25th, Lydia Shire will be one of the judges for the Fourth Annual Cochon 555 at the Madarin Oriental Hotel at 5pm. Cochon 555 is a culinary competition and tasting event celebrates heritage breed pigs. Its not too late to get tickets online http://cochon555.com/2012/menu/2012-tour-dates/cochon-555/boston/, Try the Duck Quesadillas on our new bar menu!, Check out the Boston Globe's Article for National Ravioli Day featuring the Towne's famous Ravioli Carbonara!!!, Congratulations to our own Lydia Shire for being named one of The Daily Meal's "Coolest People in Food and Drink!", Our take on homemade chips and salsa, straight off our newly debuted bar menu. Perfect for sharing!, Sip, snack and shake it up with one of Boston’s newest favorite athletes, Greg Stiemsma, as he hosts an evening to benefit the Young Audiences of Massachusetts on Wednesday, April 25th from 7pm-9pm. 

Tickets are $50 and is a donation to Young Audiences of Massachusetts , Check out some recent coverage of Towne on Boston.com 

http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/nightlife/blogs/bostonite/2012/03/out_on_the_towne.html
, One of our favorite Foodspotting posts....Wagyu Skirt Steak., Chicken & Waffles..., Vote for our own Sarah Baker in the February Absolut Bartender Challenge!, Have you check out our new bar menu?, A good way to start the weekend..., "Cooking is like love. It should be entered into with abandon or not at all." ~ Harriet Van Horne, The Today Show spends a night at Towne!, We love the pictures of our co-culinary directors, Lydia Shire & Jasper White, from Stuff Magazine's retrospective article in this week's issue: , The perfect gift for your Valentine? May we suggest cooking with Chef Lydia Shire at one of her "Cooking @ Towne" classes, Lydia will be on Chronicle tonight at 7:30p making her famous “Andre Tippett Wings,” caramel-glazed popcorn, and a meatball sub topped with onion rings!, Want to buy your significant other the perfect Valentine's Day gift?? How about Cooking with Lydia Shire!! You will feel the love at our Valentine's Special cooking class "Breakfast in Bed"!, null, http://bostonherald.com/blogs/lifestyle/fork_lift/?p=6867

Looking for the perfect dish to make while you watch the Patriots take on the Giants this Super Bowl Sunday? Lydia Shire's traditional Super Bowl meal, pomegranate-marinated Colorado lamb racks, will hit the spot! , null, Check out the photos from "Fabiolous Cooking Day" with Lydia Shire & Fabio Bongianni at Towne. Visit towneboston.com for more information on the next cooking class with Lydia Shire! 
http://www.flickr.com/photos/52494331@N07/sets/72157629055407821/, Lydia Shire shows us how to make the famous Lobster Popovers!
http://bostonherald.com/blogs/lifestyle/fork_lift/?p=6826, Our new dinner menu is now posted; please let us know your favorites!, Want to cook with Lydia? Make it a reality. Tickets are on sale for the 1/26 cooking class here: http://bit.ly/wDRRO7, Found on Foodspotting: Our skirt steak 9 oz. wagyu xtreme w/ wasabi & white polenta.. xtra crisped shallots, Have you reserved your spot for the Castello di Ami wine dinner yet? Check out the menu:, Join us for a Castello di Ama wine dinner on February 2nd @ 7pm!, Have you heard about cooking class with Lydia Shire?  Check it out! , null, Christmas dinner words of wisdom from Lydia:, What's for lunch today, you ask?  How about..., null, We are proud to be mentioned in this heartwarming story for all to think about during this season of giving. , Gather the gang and stroll into towne to enjoy the holidays
 in a glass., An experience of a lifetime all wrapped up and ready to go!
info@towneboston.com, What's on top of your list this year?, We had a ball hosting @hillholiday last night.  Any stories or pictures to share?, Learn how to cook and entertain like a pro right here in towne's kitchen.  Sign up now for January 17 & January 24 classes., The wonderment of the season: When given as gifts these cards magically turn into craft cocktails, wood grilled pizzas, succulent lobsters, prime steaks, and mouth-watering desserts., null, Cooking in towne's kitchen with Lydia Shire. Featuring: Skirt steak, Lobster pizza, Gnocchi, and Beet and Walnut Salad., If you had 3 hours in the towne kitchen with Lydia Shire what would you want to learn?, Good Friday morning! Here's a no-brainer gift for all the wanna-be master chefs in your life: Cooking @ towne with Lydia Shire.
Booking classes now!, We are proud to present cooking @towne with Lydia Shire!
3 hours of interactive, intimate, instruction with the master, Lydia Shire.
Learn how to cook and entertain like a pro right in towne's kitchen. A unique experience and a great gift for anyone. Small classes and you'll eat what you prepare. $250 (includes a $50 towne gift card). 
Call 627.391.2189 or info@towneboston.com, Want to hang with Lydia Shire and learn to cook and entertain like a pro? 
Introducing:, null, Today is National Cotton Candy day! Have you tried our Maple Cotton Candy? A perfect way to celebrate!, We're looking forward to the Esquire party at Towne tonight!, Lydia Shire creates a homemade fortune cookie to hide a very special gift...an engagement ring! , Coming in time for the holidays:  Cooking Classes at Towne Stove and Spirits with Lydia Shire., Lydia Shire is now a blogger for the Boston Herald's Fork Lift! Read her first post here and check back regularly to see what our favorite chef has to say, 'Tis the season for celebrating! Where better to have your holiday party than towne? , We hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving! Did anyone dine with us? What did you think of our menu?, Looking for somewhere to have Thanksgiving dinner? You could spend it with us! , Ever wonder how some of Boston's biggest chefs got started? Check out this week's STUFF magazine where you'll find that many of them once worked under Lydia Shire. , Congratulations to our very own Lydia Shire who was awarded the Golden Whisk award!, Looking for somewhere to eat on Thanksgiving? Check out our menu, available from 11:30-7pm. , null, What are your new favorites from our Autumn menu?, Join Shawn Thornton & friends for a night of wine tasting to benefit the ASPCA on November 2nd at Towne!, Cooler weather and crisp nights work perfectly with our new fall menu. , Here's a picture of Lydia & John Mariani at the Esquire Best New Restaurant party. Enjoy!, Thank you, Esquire, for naming us the "Best New Restaurant 2011!", null, Word Around Towne:, We were named one of Esquire's Best New Restaurants in 2011. THANK YOU!!!, Check out the pictures from A Taste of Italy! Thanks to everyone who came to the event, Word Around Towne:, Seen on Yelp: "Service: Knows the menu like the back of his hand. Did not steer me wrong! Very attentive to needs. Water never less than half full. Great job Jeffrey!" 

We are so glad to hear that you had a great tome Tony N.!, Did everyone have a good time at A Taste of Italy Monday night? Share your story!, Thank you to everyone who came to our Taste of Itay event last night! Pictures will be up soon...stay tuned, Are you coming to A Taste of Italy tonight? Don't forget to RSVP rsvp@towneboston.com!, A Taste of Italy @ Towne is TONIGHT at 6pm! Ferraris, food, and fun; what more could you ask for? Enter to win a Ferrari for the weekend!, Word Around Towne:, Word Around Towne:, Check out what The Boston Herald wrote about The Gypsy Dancer and then come in and try one!, The Word Around Towne:, John Mariani has been traveling the world for over 3 decades in search of The Best New Restaurants of the Year and writing about them in Esquire Magazine, Bloomberg News, and the like .. Check out what he says about Towne!, Watch Lydia make her signature Lobster Popovers on The Dish!, Thirsty Thursday drink of the week is the L.G.V. - Kettle Citron, white cran, & St. Germain shaken with Prosecco., The Word Around Towne:, Thirsty Thursday drink of the week is the Tokyo Tea: Vodka, Gin, Rum, Tequila, Triple sec, Midori & a drop of Grenadine, The Word Around Towne:, The Word Around Towne:, Congrats to Lydia Shire for being named the #1 Bad Ass Female Chef in America!, The Word Around Towne:, null, The Word Around Towne:, Join us in raising a glass to the weekend!, Thanks to the Indulge Inspire Imbibe blog for taking & sharing so many great pictures of the patio! , The Word Around Towne:, Watch Peter Harriss review us on TV Diner with Billy Costa, null, Thank you to everyone who attended our Celebration of Ferrari last night! More pictures to come!, The Word Around Towne:, Thanks to Amanda G. on Yelp for sharing her picture of our Baja Breeze cocktail!, In honor of the Bruins, we will be serving our Champions bar menu all weekend!, Happy Thirsty Thursday! Stop by the patio & toast to the champions, Check out Lydia Shire's new bar menu inspired by the Bruins. What will you be trying tonight?, The Word Around Towne:, Did you know that Lydia Shire is on twitter? You can follow her at www.twitter.com/LydiaShire , Our suggestion on how to cool down today: A Cranberry Margarita with fresh lime juice, The Word Around Towne:, Thanks to Mike G. on Yelp for his picture of our Wagyu skirt steak w/ wasabi & hot green garlic, Thirsty Thursdays @towneboston and some of Towne's drink favorites, Thanks to @thedailycraic for sharing her blog post with us! , Check out our beverage manager, Alexei Beratis' drink submission for the Russian Standard “Emotion in a Glass” cocktail competition, Our patio is a great reason to start Thirsty Thursday early..., Today is the perfect day to join us on the patio!, Thanks to Tara B. for recommending the Crisp Malted Waffle With Salted Caramel & Rum Flamed Bananas Foster on Foodspotting over the weekend - great picture!, In response to the possibility of the world ending Lydia Shire says: “I’m fine if the world blows up because last Tuesday I went to Brimfield (Antiques Fair) & did mega shopping there...I bought a vintage, bright red Olivetti Valentine Typewriter. I ’m going to take it with me so I can write to people when I go to heaven.” What would you do if today was your last day on earth?, Check out our Maple Cotton Candy & learn how Lydia Shire got her start working with it here: , Great article about Lydia Shire & our maple cotton candy! The sweet treat is available all day, but the brown sugar angel food cake w/caramel ice cream & maple cotton candy as pictured here, is only available at dinner. http://bo.st/kP3kMi, Start your week off right, and treat yourself to lunch. We have a new lunch menu for you to enjoy! , null, The Word Around Towne:, Off our lunch menu, the # 1 crab cake...shire recipe w/ english mustard sauce can be found here: http://bit.ly/ixbCKf, Still need to get a Mother's Day gift? Share the love & send her a gift certificate for a night in towne!  , Check out Lydia Shire teach Jenny from NECN how to make the Towne skirt steak , Patio weather has finally arrived!, We have changed our dinner menu at Towne. Let us know your new favorites! , Dinner Menu 

Sunday – Wednesday 5:30pm – 10pm
Thursday – Saturday 5:30pm – 11pm, Check out our own Michael Ray talking about the Rose of Corn cocktail on Style Boston this past weekend. Looks good! , Seen on celebritycafe.com: 
"The good book says something about “by their works you shall know them” and we met Lydia Shire through her manager, chefs, wait staff and even in the eclectic decoration. I had the chicken and waffles with grits, while my dear wife consumed the cinnamon French toast with lyles golden syrup and whipped marmalade butter. It was quite a way to end our Boston adventure.", null, Check out how to make our Rose of Corn cocktail on Style Boston this Saturday. Happy Thirsty Thursday!, Thanks to the the Jogging Concierge for the blog post. Great picture of you & Lydia!, Seen on Twitter today:

@revfit1: @towneboston I can't stop thinking about your lobster cobb salad...., Sunday brunch is being served today until 4pm!, Thirsty Thursday has arrived!, Thank you to everyone for all the pictures & comments about your past experiences at Towne - we love hearing from you!, Glad you enjoyed it @bostonanthony!  
Seen on Yelp : "...my newest discovery there worth raving about is the bar menu!", null, what is your favorite towne craft cocktail?, Seen on Yelp: 
"Our company held a 45 person event in the private room in March. I worked with Lauren who was our event manager. She was flawless, a great partner to work with us on creating a memorable evening for our guests.  The staff was great.  They cared for our guests experience as much as we did. The food was delicious from start to finish. The expresso cheesecake bites - heaven! We will definitely be back!"
, Thanks to Damien S. on Yelp for this great picture of Jasper's Infamous Duck Salad, South Beach Wine & Food Fest 2011, Good luck to our beverage manager Alexei Beratis, at the 4 Orange Vodka First Annual Classic Cocktail Competition !!
Location: Food Network South Beach Wine & Food Festival 
Time: 10:00PM Friday, February 25th.., More great pics!, Great pics from the Yelp Elite event. It was a pleasure to host such an extravaganza!, Towne Bowling, wanna try and knock down a few of our "pins"?, Flirtatious cocktails in the Street Lounge, romantic dinner in the Back Bay Room, ice skating, hand in hand, outside our front door under a glowing winter night sky... What's your Valentine's Day look like?, Kicking off the weekend with a new keg on draught line #8, from Harpoon's 100 barrel series, Catamount Maple Wheat! Everybody say Yeah!, thirsty thursday: valentine's day special.  eat it up., Who needs Rockefeller Center, we're getting a skating rink right outside our door!, A week away and not too late for reservations. Maybe we should be at the top of your list..., It's Super Bowl Sunday, bloodys are mixed and the bacon is cracklin'... Brunch Starts Now!, Due to an incredible amount of cherries to be dipped for our Valentines Day cocktail, we will be closing at 4:00pm on Sunday. But please join us for brunch and enjoy the Super Bowl!!, Something to dream about until next week..., all dug out? well your going to really dig what we have on tap for thirsty thursday., "it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood. won't you be mine?", Random Towne Photos, will you be joining us tonight on this perfect winter friday evening?, null, Thirsty Thursdays pop quiz: how well do you know your towne cocktails?, do you want to play a game?  check back around 11 today. we will be testing your libations knowledge., well we crushed the 5" mark once again. come into towne and when you order an entree or pizza the bisque and spring rolls are on us today., shovel. pile. clean. defrost. repeat.  aren't you glad you have thirsty thursday to look forward to?, heard around towne:

"Am I judging this on the food or the gorgeous ladies there tonight? Both get 5 stars!
Short and sweet review...I had the best steak I have had in a long time, simple but tasteful. Bartender, where I ate, was great keeping a watchful eye on us. Decor was cool...Loved it, I'll be back!"- jeff k Yelp Boston,  another storm's a coming. we're here all week to warm you in every way., Stay warm & cozy tonight with some hot comfort food!, today's forecast: sunglasses and brunch., What's sounding good right now? Tuchler wagyu skirt steak w/green tabasco, grilled onions + radicchio!, "now that the day is over i got a new sensation." the velka., Thirsty Thursdays @towneboston and some of Towne's drink favorites, wes welker was @towneboston yesterday enjoying comfort food., food for thought., The Word Around Towne:, Tonight the roads are icy and our glasses are icier!, quick and delicious., Here's to next season!, healing wounds tonight in the street lounge., thinking rex ryan would really like our clown shoes hoppy feat black ipa. what'll you be sipping for kickoff?, On the house in the Street Lounge: 
sausage stuffed dates wrapped in bacon with a fava bean puree when brady throws a td over cromartie., here's a thought: 
cameron hughes "lot 178" syrah, here's a thought: 
duck crisp basted w/cane syrup & citrus... huckleberry jus, Towne's Kickoff for Superbowl Sunday Ad, does this help set the tone for your evening?, Thirsty Thursdays @towneboston and some of Towne's drink favorites, Bisque does the body good., null, null, they're calling for big snow in boston tuesday night. going to happen or another over-reaction? either way come on in for the coziest time in towne., null, http://www.examiner.com/city-guide-in-boston/lobsters-more-at-towne-stove-and-spirits-boston, It's on! Sunday @ 9 pm in the Street Lounge., Final 3 cocktail recipes will be posted tomorrow!
Sunday @ 9 pm in the Street Lounge our bartenders begin mixing., null, this has to be one of the coolest wedding stories in Towne. 
http://www.summerstreetphotography.com, Towne's Apple Sauce Cocktail, thirsty thursday cocktail hint: apple sauce, null, The xtreme burger awaits your arrival., Make Your Cocktail Famous, can your cocktail concoction beat a mule?, how about this for lunch: rotisserie prime rib + toasted "french dip" sandwich w/ melted brie, watercress aioli + belgian fries., null, Shhh, come into Towne's Street Lounge tonight and whisper the secret word into your bar tender's ear and we'll treat you to a free zucchini app.  Tonight's secret word is "boards". Got it?, null, View of Towne's Bar, turn it up to '11! happy new year from towne., sneak in for one or two., ringing it in., post pix of your baja breeze and a towne card will blow your way., Baja Breeze..Where does it take you?, a refreshing breeze awaits you today., it's thursday. thirsty thursday., Towne Review, 12/29/10 post to towneboston.com:
Wow! I had lunch for the first time at Towne today with 3 of my girlfriends (a little post Christmas cheer). Absolutely fabulous. The service was superb, the food fantastic and atmosphere/location perfect.
Jose was our waiter. Top notch. He made things so enjoyable. 
Thank you again.
Can't wait to visit again., View of Towne sign in the blizzard- thanks to the brave soul who was out and about and sent it in!, what's the best post-shovel cocktail?, Baby, it's warm inside towne. Bring on the blizzard!, a chorus of good tidings to you and yours., null, Ladies and Gents: Introducing hot, cool stylings of Shiva's Envy!, a good wintry morning and welcome to thirsty thursday. today's featured cocktail is so cool it's hot. guesses?, warm and glowing tonight in towne., null, prix fixe lunch @towneboston for $35. live large., coming this week "a moment with mario". until then we will be rewarding #s 772-800 with towne lunch cards. so tell your friends to join the party., reward yourself with towne's last minute shopping solution. , null, Bounce back with Towne this weekend - Hope to see you at brunch!, book your sat or sun brunch reservations before 5 today and we'll have a $25 brunch card waiting for you. reservations: 617.247.0400 activate brunch card: send "brunch" to towneboston.com/contact, what's a 5 letter word starting with B and ending with CH?, all that sent a review in please send your mailing address to towneboston.com/contact and we'll put a card on santa's sled with your name on it. thanks for the kudos., add a review tonight and we'll send you a towne card tomorrow., Stuff Boston - The Ultimate Food Coma: The 25 best things we ate this year, "the making of the armada" movie premier exclusively right here @4pm. reviews will earn towne lunch cards.  stay tuned..., @towneboston cocktail quiz #1: for a $25 lunch card, what's in the armada?, Spreading the truth all over Towne, A glimpse at Towne's Holiday Cocktails, the monday afternoon report LIVE from draught line #8., $25 towne lunch/brunch cards going for $5. for a random time only., null, feeling smart this dreary sunday morning? then bring your smartphone to towne's sunday brunch. post a pic here and we'll send you back with a $25 towne card., @shopsatprucntr today? pick up a little something @gucci and you may be given the best gift in towne., next time you're in take pix of your favorite part of towne and post here. you share. we share., hot off the presses. what do you think?, got that 2:30 feeling? here's a sure-fire pick you up., pop on over for lunch, making the scene, thirsty thursdays 101--today's class--the holiday macaroon, towne is looking super fresh @urbanspoon boston., we're in a frisky mood. we'll send all of tonight's new towne "likers" a $25 towne card. let it be known., it's time for valet powerball. the holiday edition. where everyone wins. really., warming up with a bailey's and cocoa., what's the pats final going to be? write it down here before kickoff. the closest guess wins a $25 towne card., Are you ready for some pizza?, last chance this month. review towne today=$25 towne card.
check out the image for the details. thanks for playing, what to do on a sunday afternoon without the pats?  how about reviewing  towne on urbanspoon and posting it here. we'll send you a $25 towne card for the effort., A view from Towne's private dining room, World Record and free towne cocoa. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile, Bar Food, A glimpse at Towne's Holiday Cocktails, Thirsty Thursday is here!  Have you ever had a cocktail with muddled corn?  You don't even know what you've been missing..., been to towne? then share a review on yelp and we'll share the love.
post a review on yelp and then post the link here and we'll send you a $25 towne card.  good today only so get those creative juices flowing., got a dry scratchy throat? we've got the cure. it's towne's thirsty thursday. check back this afternoon for this week's featured cocktail., want a paid writing gig?
review towne on tripadvisor tonight and we'll buy you lunch.
(paste a copy of your review below and receive $25 towne card), valet power ball is here!  remember to check your valet stub tonight to see if you're a winner, Lunch Plans?, Valet @ Towne and it just may be the smartest thing you'll do all day. complete info coming this afternoon., Grey Lady from Cisco Brewers in Nantucket on tap!, Draught Line #8 asks Who Am I?
Unfiltered Belgian-style wheat ale brewed with fresh citrus fruits and spice, a unique ale that emits a complex earthy nose and a soft mid-palate maltiness with hints of tropical fruit., can you picture it?
sea clam casino... baked giant hand harvested sea clam from new bedford, towne tv now on youtube., Sweet dreams: crisp malted waffle w/ salted caramel + rum flamed bananas foster., gobble, gobble. eat. rest. repeat., null, Lunch Plans?, Towne Cocktails + Classics Ala Wordle, last night's brugal rum & mixology dinner @ towne, towne's weekday Holiday Lunch menu begins 12/6. 
Details to follow your Thanksgiving digestion., Until tomorrow, towne., Draught Brew Menu, What do you know about Draught Line #8?, It's a short week.  Come into towne for your Black Friday planning meetings., Post Game  Menu Suggestions, B is for "could this morning be more Beautiful?"
R is for easy to make online Reservations
U is the for our valet making street parking Unnecessary
N is for "what beats brunch in towne?" Nothing 
C is for gathering friends and good Company 
H is for how you'll feel. Heavenly, Boylston is bustling., We're wrapping up the week with 10 more lucky winners!, Feeling Friday yet?, null, Dreaming of a cocktail? We await your arrival., Today is day 4 of 5 of the "like-the-towne-facebook-page-and-suggest-to-your-friends-that-they-like-it-too-and-you-both-can-win-$25-towne-cards-to-enjoy-at-our-fabulous-lunch-and-saturday-and-sunday-brunch" event., Snapshot of a few enjoying the Towne bar!, null, Wow, it sure is dreary out there. Be sure to bring that umbrella and check back here in a few hours for something that'll surely make your day a bit brighter., Enjoying their time at Towne!, null, null, Get your hands on the hottest gift cards in towne... For every ten new followers who like towne, one will win a free gift card as well as one of our existing followers! Winners for today will be announced at 4:00pm. Help spread the word, because we're sharing the love all week long!, Towne is cooking up something big for Monday morning... Make sure to check back in at 9:00 am tomorrow for something so cool - we might not be able to sleep tonight!, The Phantom is a Phan and that's "The Truth"., Brunch is booming!

Psst, starting Monday, you can paint the towne red, on us!, Did you know that Towne has Saturday brunch? Think of all those Friday nights when you were craving brunch the next day... Now you can indulge! We are also the only restaurant that offers valet parking day and night!, Really, could today be any nicer?  Stroll on in and properly kickoff your weekend. In the meantime, view this picture and imagine yourself here enjoying your favorite libation., Ok, this made us blush a little. Come in for lunch to see what all the Hub-Bub is about., Our elegant private dining room -Overlooks the stunning Back Bay and is all yours for holiday celebrations. Book early. Book often. Prime dates are still available.
*Contact Lauren Gibson info@towneboston.com, null, null, null, It's 5:00 somewhere.. actually it's 5:00 right here @ Towne!  Shed the work week and belly up to one of our three bars!, Keep a keen eye out for next week's exciting promotions. In the meantime, this weekend, root on Zenyatta and paint the towne red., null, Towne rocked last night! Thank you to everyone who came in to check us out!!!!, Sunday Funday at Towne! Come sit in the street bar, windows are open and the music is on! Also Sunday special: Porchetta- roasted suckling pig!, Opening Night was AMAZING! Come by and check us out!!, OPEN TO THE PUBLIC FRIDAY NIGHT !!!!, null, Boston's one and only solarium is going up today! check it out if your in the neighborhood!!, Offically Opening Late July!!!!, null, Construction is moving along quickly! The space looks amazing !!, At Towne Stove and Spirits, experience, talent, passion and the utmost technical understanding of food come together to bring forth a global-inspired menu. Towne’s diners will experience the exciting pulse of the city with the culinary creativity of two of its chef icons:Lydia Shire & Jasper White.
The impressive space, with 380 seats spanning 2 floors, 3 dining rooms, 3 bars and a large patio is for sure a must see!, null)