List(The 7th Annual Dollars for Scholars event is only 3 weeks away!   Tickets are on sale now!  Tickets are only $35 and may be purchased at the PTSA office in the school's main office.  Join us for a fun filled evening to support our students by providing scholarships.  Scholarships for seniors will be given out in late spring. For details, please see event on this page., TV Production heads to Atlanta for STN 2016. Good Luck and Thank You Chai Tee for the AMAZING sweat shirts., Please join us for our Annual Dollars for Scholars Event!
Come out and enjoy a great evening of drinks, appetizers, and a silent auction while supporting our graduating seniors at our annual scholarship fundraiser at Bomba Rumba Tacos & Rum in Gulfstream 5:00-8:30!, Please join us for an unforgettable evening to raise money for our Seniors!, Check out this awesome app for Florida Teens!, null, Have your juniors and seniors take a look., null, Don't Forget- This Wednesday in our Media Center ATM PTSA's General Meeting and International College Counselors presentation!!!, Congratulations to Mourning High!! We are the highest ranked "A" traditional High School in Miami-Dade!! Great Job!!, Text RAINCHECK to 888-222 for a free Chipotle burrito 👍- today!   (Thanks,  Chipolte!), null, null, null, null, null, http://www.studentreportinglabs.com/article/social-issues/female-rotc-cadet-admits-its-difficult-being-female-and-trying-lead-males

Amazing story about our own Alonzo and Tracy Mourning student.  Great job by our T.V. Production Department headed by Mr. Fernandez!   Chloe Golan and Nicole Barradas produced this story as part of the PBS Newshour Student Reporting Labs and did an amazing job collaborating with SRL producers Matt Ehrichs and Thai DaSilva. Thank you Shantell Gonzalez, commander of Alonzo and Tracy Mourning Senior High's JROTC program for sharing your story., Nice! #atmlawacademy #patinolawfirm, Thanks to the shout out from #thefloridabar! Great job #atmlawacademy #patinolawfirm, ATM supporters please vote for our TV Production's video at the  link below. The completions is based on votes and you can vote once a day from each email.  VOTE VOTE VOTE!!!, null, As the largest volunteer child advocacy association in the nation, PTSA's remind our country of its obligations to children and provides parents and families with a powerful voice to speak on behalf of all children! Please join our Mourning High PTSA!, Town Hall Meeting tonight at JWU Wildcat Center. Panel of Miami-Dade judges will be there to answer your questions., null, NEW SAT FORMAT meeting with GUEST SPEAKER  from the COLLEGE BOARD this Monday October 26th in the media Center at ATM! Also, join us for our PTSA's General Meeting immediately after. Students attending both the presentation and meeting are eligible to receive 2 community service hours!

The new SAT format starts in March.

Be informed of the changes!!📝📝📝, null, Don't forget Open House tonight! 5:45-8:00.  Come by the cafeteria and join the PTSA.  Students only $5.  Seniors must be a member in order to be eligible for PTSA scholarship money!, Open House. September 30th!!, null, Help our school win a prize by giving a 'favorite' to the tweet below from atmsenior@atmsenior!

9/21/15, 8:16 AM
PLST deliberate growth matters. #PLST2015 @MDCPS @mdcps_profdev @lisagarcia_lisa pic.twitter.com/dfB7IG6l5x, null, Home football game this Friday at 7:30.  Come out and support your SHARKS!  Volunteers needed to work the concession stand.  Community service hours awarded.  GO SHARKS!, Football game this Friday at ATM.  7:30.  Volunteers (students and parents) for Concession stand.  Community service hours awarded to students! Go SHARKS!, null, null, Car wash this Saturday at the school from 9:00 am to 1:00 pm.  Come out and support the football  and cross country teams!!  GO SHARKS!, New website for the school looks great!, 2015 Varsity Football Team.  Go Sharks!, School's new website!  Check it out., Sharks football game against Krop tomorrow at ATM.  Game starts at 7:30.  Come out and support your team!  Concession stand will be open.  GO SHARKS!, Superintendent Carvalho visited Mourning High to get the year started!, null, null, null, Come out and support your Sharks' football team Friday, Aug. 21st. as they play their first game of the season against North Miami Beach Sr. High.  The game begins at 3:00 p.m. and will be held at the North Miami Athletic Field.  Tickets are $5.  GO SHARKS!, null, New parent/student orientation tomorrow!  9:00 a.m.-11:00 a.m. in the cafetorium.  Uniforms will be sold at this time in the PTSA supply store.  Remember parents and students to join the PTSA!, null, Who's got talent???  Win up to$25,000 for ATM!, null, Don't forget!, Look at all the great uniforms for sale at the PTSA office!  We are open everyday from 9:00 am until 12:00 noon., null, null, https://www.facebook.com/alberto.carvalho.146/posts/10206385627696026, null, PTSA Uniform sales begin Monday from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon.  Stop by the PTSA office at school to get all of your uniform needs!, Look what's arrived at your PTSA office! All uniforms go on sale beginning July 27th from 9 am to 12 pm (Monday through Friday) at the PTSA OFFICE IN THE SCHOOL., null, The ATM PTSA wants to wish all the graduates today a wonderful day! We are so proud of you all!, null, PTSA scholarships will be given out at PTSA meeting this Tuesday the 26th in the ATM cafeteria. 

Students who completed a scholarship application should attend to receive their scholarship! Bring your parents!, ATM students who applied for PTSA Scholarships they will be awarded on Tuesday, 6pm, ATM Cafeteria!🎓💰🎓💰🎓💰🎓💰, LAST PTSA GENERAL MEETING NEXT TUESDAY!  We will be honoring selected students with PTSA scholarships and the teachers and involved parents who made a difference during the 2014-2015 school year.  Come enjoy some refreshments and see what we are all about!

When – May 26, 2015
Where – ATM Cafeteria.
Time – 6 p.m., Please join us at our General Meeting May 26th at 6:00pm. We will be electing our Board for next year and presenting our Scholarships!!
Dessert and coffee will be provided!, null, The Cars are at ATM until 5:00!! Please go for a free test drive.  Ford will donate $20.00 for each test drive to the ATM Athletic program!!, TOMORROW!! SAT 5/2 9am-5pm
Take a test drive for free and get $20 donated to ATM's athletic program!, This Saturday come to ATM and take a free test drive. For every test drive Ford will donate $20 to our athletic program!, null, Please join us at our General Meeting May 13th. We will be electing our Board for next year, voting on amendments to our Bylaws and of course presenting our Scholarships!!, Come to Mourning High on May 2nd and drive a new Ford! For every test drive Ford Motor Company will donate $20 to the school athletic program.
May 2nd 9am-5pm, Thank you to everyone who came out last night and helped us raise money for our ATM PTSA Scholarships! It was a lot of fun!, Today!!! April 15th at Duffy's join us for Happy Hour to benefit DOLLARS FOR SCHOLARS for ATM students. Tickets $30 at the door includes 2 drinks and appetizers. Silent Auction and Door Prizes!! 🎓🎓🎓🎓🎓🎓🎓🎓🎓🎓, Tomorrow!!! Mourning High fundraiser for Scholarships!! 4-7pm
$30 gets you two drinks and appetizers!, THIS WEDNESDAY! Happy Hour for PTSA Scholarships!

DUFFY'S 4-7pm. Tickets $30 at the door. Appetizers and TWO drink tickets.

100% proceeds go to PTSA Scholarships for all four classes!, ATM PTSA Dollars for Scholars Happy Hour THIS Wednesday at DUFFY'S from 4-7pm!! Tickets $30 at the door includes appetizers and 2 drinks! Silent Auction! 100% proceeds goes for ATM student scholarships!, Join fellow parents, teachers and administrators at ATM PTSA Dollars for Scholars Happy Hour THIS Wednesday at DUFFY'S from 4-7pm!! Tickets $30 at the door includes appetizers and 2 drinks!! Silent Auction! 100% proceeds towards Scholarships for ATM students!, Please read. This applies to all our schools  in Miami Dade., PTSA Dollars for Scholars
Happy Hour Event 

Please come out and support your students and the PTSA!
All Proceeds will go toward PTSA Scholarships

Wednesday, April 15th  
 4-7pm 

Duffy's of North Miami Beach

3969 NE 163rd Street, 
North Miami Beach, FL 33160
  
TICKETS FOR SALE AT THE DOOR
  
Tickets are $30 per ticket
Teachers and staff $20 per ticket
 (Includes light bites and two drink tickets)

 Silent auction and door prizes! 
 Sponsorships available, One week from today!!, PTSA DOLLARS FOR SCHOLARS HAPPY HOUR EVENT TO RAISE MONEY FOR PTSA SCHOLARSHIPS!!

APRIL 15th (WEDNESDAY) 4-7pm 
DUFFY'S ON 163rd STREET. 

Tickets are $30 and includes light bites and two drink tickets. 🍷Teachers and staff $20 per ticket. Silent auction and door prizes! Sponsorships available. For Tickets and info contact: Weinwax@gmail.com, null, null, FOLLOW @ATMSENIOR on Twitter for the latest DAILY school updates!, Thank you The Patiño Law Firm !, Save the date! April 15th Dollars For Scholars Happy Hour Event!
4-7pm DUFFY'S. Tix $30, The Announcement You Have Been Waiting For a All Year!!! 🎓🎓🎓🎓🎓🎓PTSA DOLLARS FOR SCHOLARS HAPPY HOUR EVENT TO RAISE MONEY FOR PTSA SCHOLARSHIPS ON APRIL 15th (WEDNESDAY) 4-7pm AT DUFFY'S ON 163rd STREET. 🎓🎓🎓🎓🎓🎓🎓
Tickets are $30 and includes light bites and two drink tickets. 🍸🍷🍻Teachers and staff $20 per ticket. Silent auction and door prizes! Sponsorships available. For Tickets and info contact: Weinwax@gmail.com, Our own Vice President of Membership Mindy representing UTD and PTA in Tallahassee today!, Go David Lawrence K-8!! This is the 11:00 am broadcast. The 6:00 pm had even more including the satellite the kids built!, Tonight at 6:00 on NBC channel six watch our feeder school David Lawrence Jr. K-8! Really cool things going on over there from 3-d printing to Odyssey of the Mind teams going to States!, null, null, PTSA GENERAL MEETING
Thursday February 26,  6:00pm
Media Center

This meeting will be very informative, especially for the
incoming freshmen, sophomore and junior parents. We
will be presenting information about what classes and
requirements are needed by the students interested
in the new AP Capstone Program, as well as
Advanced Placement offerings, Due to venue issues we are re-inventing this year's Dollars for Scholars event. A save-the-date for the new event will be sent out shortly., FIRST GENERATION tells the story of four high school students - an inner city athlete, a small town waitress, a Samoan warrior dancer, and the daughter of migrant field workers - who set out to break the cycle of poverty and bring hope to their families and communities by pursuing a college education.  December 9th- O Cinema- 6pm, null, Tuesday we are hosting Girls Volleyball District Semi-Finals.  Miami Springs against Carol City at 5pm.  ATM against Barbara Goleman at 7pm. Friday the winners of the two matches play for the District Title.  Admission is $6 as this is a FHSAA event., Homecoming tickets on sale this week during lunch in the activities office $45.  The dance will take place on November 1st from 7 to 11 pm at the FIU Kovens Center Ballroom.
Tickets include sweet treats every day during lunch time, Pep rally, dinner and party!!! 
The theme is super heroes and villains.  Costumes optional😃, Thursday October 9th non uniform day $2. All proceeds go to student united way campaign    
Shorts must be fingertip length.  No tank tops, spaghetti straps, sleeveless shirts or sandals, PTSA Meeting Wednesday 10/8  6pm, Volunteers needed!  Earn community service hours while learning how to garden organically. Email pebs222@aol.com for info., null, Join the PTSA!!, Follow us at ATMPTSA on Instagram!, The PTSA is selling uniforms every day this week 9-12 at Mourning High! Come support the PTSA and get ready for the new year! All the money the PTSA makes goes right back to the students and school!, null, Uniform sales will be held from 9 to 12 this whole week., ATTENTION FRESHIES!! 🐟

Shark's Freshman Boot Camp this Tuesday August 5th 9-1pm at the school! 

Camp pre-registration is now closed. Walk-ins are welcome on the day of the camp. Please bring $10.00 if you would like to purchase the class t-shirt before supplies run out!, Great news! School scores were released today and Alonzo and Tracy Mourning Senior High earned 542 points on the front 800 points. That is a 48 point increase from last year, and the highest Mourning High has ever scored. This is a remarkable accomplishment, all of you should be proud!, UNIFORM SALE TOMORROW AT 5pm IN ATM MAIN OFFICE 👍⚽🏆, This Wednesday PTSA is selling uniforms at 5pm in the ATM main office. Plenty of choices and sizes!! All proceeds go to assist students and the school! 👍👍👍, Credit cards are now accepted for PTSA uniform sales!! Visit our uniform store in the main office on Wed at 5:30 for best selections!!, PTSA will be selling uniforms during summer physicals Wed at 5:30. Buy now for a great selection of uniforms in all sizes! New shipment just arrived!, Act Fast ~ Deadline July 1st for a City of North Miami Scholarship!  
See the link below for the details and note the link to the online application is down at the very bottom of the summary page.  , Tracy Mourning's graduation selfie - priceless!, Happy graduates!, 2014 Graduation has started!, PTSA General Meeting
Tuesday, April 1,2014
We will be giving out the PTSA scholarships at this meeting. Please attend if your child submitted an application! We will also be electing our new slate of officers for the 2014-2015 school year., From the Alonzo and Tracy Mourning PTSA to all our moms -Happy Mother's Day!  And to all you Dads, Grandparents, and caring people that take on this role as well - thank you!, Way to go SHARKS!, Congratulations to the Mourning High boys volleyball team- 2014 District Champs!!, End of School Sale!  All sweatshirts and hoodies are now $15 ~ get yours while they last!  Please remember 100% of the profits from your PTA's uniform sales go back to Mourning Senior High programs, activities and events.  Mourning uniforms purchased elsewhere benefit the individual business owners - support your PTA and school by only purchasing through your PTA!, Proud day to be a Shark!!  Mourning High is now ranked #8 out of all public high schools in the State of Florida and #1 in Miami!  Kudos to our teachers, students, parents and administration for earning this amazing recognition!  Take a look at the link from US News & World Report – pull out the charters and magnets in Florida/Miami and you’ll find us at #1 in Miami and #8 in the State! , Calling all our Shark students and parents.  Come out to Bloomingdales' Fashion Show tomorrow evening!  Aventura Mall 6-9 p.m.

Girls arrive by 5:00 to choose your BCBG dress to model!  

 Shoppers should ask for a second receipt and write ATM on it and put it in the redemption box in the dresses department for ATM PTSA to get credit. Proceeds go to our PTSA!, Bloomingdales Fashion Show:

Here are the details: 
Thursday, April 17, 6-9pm - Rock the Runway for Prom at Bloomingdale's Aventura 
- Concept: 
High school girls to select a BCBG Prom Dress to model (arrive by 5/5:30pm). 
When their number is called, they strut on the runway. 
Our 3 judges channel 10 reporter Johanna Torres, high school fashion blogger Leilani Alfonson & BCBG representative Jennifer Malaga will give them a score of 1-10 on their strut. 
The 3 strutters with the most points will win - 1st prize: BCBG Prom Dress up to $400; 2nd prize: Pair of evening shoes up to $200; 3rd prize: BCBG evening clutch. 
- Bloomingdale's will donate 10% back of tracked sales on April 17 to the 3 participating schools. Supporters will need to ask for a duplicate receipt, write the name of the school and place in the redemption box in Dresses. 
- We will have a DJ, light refreshments, makeup outposts and a hair station from SoBlo Salon., Additional means of instant communication soon to come!, Seniors, still not sure where you're going to college?  Check this out . . . here are 17 universities, all public residential institutions listed by the Chronicle of Higher Education with out-of-state tuition under $10,000 per year for 2013-14 ~ and ALL are still accepting applications!, Mourning High students celebrated at today's MDCPS board meeting!   We're proud of our Sharks and their achievements!   (And did we tell you Mourning High had more students recognized than any other high school in all of Miami? ), Whoa . . . we almost forgot TODAY, Tuesday, April 8, is FREE CONE DAY at Ben and Jerry's!!, Tips to get your child into college!!  Tomorrow Night ATM Media Center 6:00!!, PTSA members you get a discount at The Fair! , PTSA General Meeting, Tuesday, March 18, 2014 6:00pm

ATM PTSA Presents…
COLLEGE ADMISSIONS FOR THE PUBLIC HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT: WHAT TO LOOK FOR AND HOW TO GET IN!
   
MARCH 18 6PM
BOOK DISCUSSION & SIGNING WITH AUTHOR MANDEE HELLER ADLER
Competition for acceptance to colleges and universities is at an all-time high. 
Parents and students in the 8th -11th grades are invited to attend a special free seminar and book signing that will provide real and practical answers to crucial questions about what you need to know about preparing for the college admissions process. 
     
 WHAT SHOULD MY STUDENT DO NOW TO PREPARE HERSELF FOR COLLEGE?

HOW CAN MY STUDENT GET INTO THE COLLEGE OF HIS CHOICE?

HOW DO I SELECT THE RIGHT HIGH SCHOOL FOR MY STUDENT?

HOW EARLY SHOULD MY CHILD START IN THE COLLEGE ADMISSIONS PROCESS?

A Q&A SESSION WILL FOLLOW THE PRESENTATION, SO COME READY TO ASK QUESTIONS

ATM PTSA MEETING
mourningptsa@gmail.com
March 18, 2014
6:00 PM, null, null, Big changes ahead for the SAT!  "Standardized tests like the SAT have become "far too disconnected from the work of our high schools," College Board President and CEO David Coleman said Wednesday -- and he expects an updated SAT test to change that."  See the link below an video for more information., Here's a local scholarship opportunity for 12th grade ladies who intend to major in business!, Great night.  Thanks to everyone who came out to support our scholarship event!, Scholarship fund raiser at Rouge TONIGHT 7pm - join us!   Tickets available at the door!, Anyone agree with MDCPS school board member, Dr. Martin Karp, that high schools should have a later start time?  Now is the time to become involved and let Board Member Martin Karp know your thoughts.  Please share this message with others., Parents, your PTA's scholarship event is this week!   Did you make your reservations?, 5th Annual Scholarship Event is just two short weeks away!  If you've not signed up to sponsor, attend or if you've not donated for the auction - now is the time.  With the generous support of our Mourning High family, your PTA awarded over $20,000 in scholarships to graduating seniors last school year.  Help us continue the tradition by supporting this event!, Remember SENIORS to join the PTSA by tomorrow Feb. 6th in order to be eligible to apply for scholarship $$$$$$!  ONLY $5 TO JOIN!  Please pay in the main office at school., null, Celebrate Frozen Yogurt Day today at Yogurt Land!  Located next to Little Cesar Pizza and 5 Guys on Biscayne Blvd in North Miami.  
Complimentary Yogurt with toppings for you, your family and friends today between 4-7pm!, January 30th is the last day for Seniors to become a member of the PTSA if they want to apply for a scholarship through the PTSA.  We will have a PTSA representative taking applications on Wednesday after school.  Only $5 to join!  Thousands of dollars will be given out this year in scholarships!  JOIN NOW!, Alonzo and Tracy Mourning Senior High School new freshman open house! Yay future Sharks!!, Mourning High student featured on NBC!, null, null, Chipotle is donating 50% of all sales from food this coming Monday between 3 - 8 p.m. for our debate team. Enjoy a great meal while supporting our Shark Debate Team!  GO SHARKS!, Dear Friends, The Patiño Law firm is teaming up with His House Children's Home and we ask for your support! "His House", provides residential care, foster and adoption services for abused, neglected and drug exposed children of South Florida from newborn to 17 years of age, transitioning youth and their families. The agency is licensed by the Florida Department of Children and Families. http://www.hhch.org/

We are collecting gift cards preferably from Walmart or Target to support them not only for the holidays but throughout the year. Any amount is appreciated!

YOU CAN DROP/MAIL YOUR DONATIONS TO US AT OUR OFFICE 5005 EAST LEJEUNE ROAD, HIALEAH, FL 33013 OR MESSAGE US AND WE WILL ARRANGE PICK UP. DEADLINE IS DECEMBER 6!

Also, please SHARE this post on your Facebook and help us make this season a little more joyful for the children of His House.

Thank you, God Bless You!

“At the end of life we will not be judged by how many diplomas we have received, how much money we have made, how many great things we have done. We will be judged by ‘I was hungry and you gave me to eat, I was naked and you clothed me, I was homeless and you took me in.’ Hungry not only for bread — but hungry for love. Naked not only for clothing — but naked for human dignity and respect. Homeless not only for want of a room of bricks — but homeless because of rejection.” ~ Mother Teresa, Something to think about!, Please support our Mourning High student:

Hello, my name is Chloe Golan.  I am a 14 year old freshman at Alonzo and Tracy Mourning Senior High School. I am also the founder of “Chloe’s Coats.” This will be my 3rd year collecting used coats for the homeless and less fortunate.  In previous years, I was able to collect hundreds of coats thanks to the generosity of others. This year, it is my goal to triple the number of donations received.  

Although you may think of this as sunny, hot Florida, it can get very cold here too.  The thought of someone suffering in the freezing cold is unbearable to me. I hope that by collecting and donating these coats, I will be able to help those truly in need.  With your assistance and kindness, I would like to make Chloe’s Coats a household name throughout our city and other communities around this beautiful state.  

To lend a helping hand to Chloe’s Coats, please email me at chloescoats@gmail.com and I will, happily, come collect your donated coats, jackets or sweaters.  If one coat is all that you can donate, I am happy to make the trip… that one coat will make the difference to someone in need.  Your donation and generosity is greatly and humbly appreciated.

Thank you!, null, Just want to remind everyone tonight is our first PTSA General Meeting at 6pm. Senior Parent Night will follow at 6:30., Due to SAT testing at Mourning High this weekend there will not be a Kaplan SAT Prep class this Saturday. We are working on setting a make up date for last Saturday and will announce it here on the page., null, HELP SUPPORT OUR GIRLS VOLLEYBALL TEAM!  GO TO THE PATINO LAW FIRM FACEBOOK PAGE AND LIKE THEIR PAGE, THEY WILL DONATE $1.00 FOR EACH NEW LIKE TO THE GIRLS SHARKS VOLLEYBALL TEAM UP TO $250.OO WHICH IS OUR GOAL!  LIKE THE PATINO LAW FIRM PAGE!!(https://www.facebook.com/ThePatinoLawFirm), null, PTSA is in need of Volunteers for the Open House on Tuesday, Sept. 10th.  We need 2-3 people to handout/accept membership forms/money from 5:00-6:30 and 2 people to help sell uniforms from 5:00- 7:00.  Please respond if you are able to do so!  Thank you!, Great scholarship ~ check it out!, First football game this Friday!  Come out and cheer on your Sharks' football team as they play against Miami Beach Sr. High.  7:30 at the North Miami Athletic Stadium., Parents and Students take note:

College Visiting ATM:

University:  Washington University in St. Louis

Date:  Monday, August 26th

Time:  11:15 a.m.

Place:  CAP Resource Lab, room 201(Student Services)

Students:  Please research information about the university prior to signing up to attend the information session.

The admissions representative responsible for reading applications from the South Florida area is the person visiting.

Prepare and have meaningful, important, relevant questions to ask her.  First impressions matter!

Her name is:  Grace Kiang

                      GKiang@wustl.edu<mailto:GKiang@wustl.edu>

Any communication with a university representative or employee, should be conducted with the highest and outmost professional tone and courtesy.

Procedures to attend presentation:

1.  Students must come to the CAP Office and sign up (folder with college visits is on top of the counter...blue cover)

2.  Student must take a pass to attend the presentation and the pass must be signed by the teacher that allows the student to attend.  If a teacher does not sign the pass; the student cannot attend.

3.  Student must bring pen/paper and take notes during the presentation and demonstrate interest and exhibit a respectful attitude.

4.  If a student does not follow these steps he/she may lose the privilege of participating in future college presentations.

5.  Passes are given on a first-come basis.

Please remember that you are representing yourself to the college representative for possible admissions to the university.

Try to impress them!

Ileana Rodriguez, M.S.

NACAC and SACAC Member

College Assistance Program

Alonzo and Tracy Mourning Senior High, Mourning High will be hosting a girls volleyball tournament today at 4:00.  Admission is $3.00.
COME OUT AND SUPPORT OUR SHARKS!!!!!!, Don't forget to come by the school tomorrow between 8:30 and 11:30 to buy your uniforms!  Additional days and hours will be 9th, 13th 8:30-11:30 a.m. and Aug. 10th, 17th 8:30-12:00 noon.  Aug. 13th 8:30-11:30 a.m.  ALL students must be in uniform the first day of school and every day thereafter.  Take advantage of the tax free weekend to get your blue jeans and/or khaki pants!  Remember no shorts, skirts, or capris., SALES TAX HOLIDAY this weekend!  Aug. 2nd, 3rd, and 4th.  Great time to buy school supplies including you blue jeans or khaki pants for school.  For details go to http://dor.myflorida.com/dor/., The following are the dates we will be selling uniforms. Please respond if you can volunteer and provide us with the time & date you'll be available.

Friday's August 2nd  & 9th & 16th  - 8:30am -11:30 am

Saturday's August 10th & 17th  - 8:30 - 12pm

Day of Orientation - Aug 13th - Tuesday - 8:30am - 11:30am

Once school begins for 2 weeks - Aug 19th & Aug 26th the PTSA will be selling uniforms every morning from 6:45 am - 8am. 

Any amount of time is appreciated., null, Join our friends from International College Counselors for a FREE  Webinar:  Submitting Powerful College Application Essays.  Visit the link below for more information - date/time is Jul 30, 2013 at 1:00 PM EDT., VOLUNTEERS NEEDED!  The PTSA will be selling school uniforms on July 24th, Aug. 2, 9, 10 (morning), 13(at New Student Orientation), and the 17th (morning).  If you are able to help out, please respond, message or send an email to mourningptsa@gmail.com.  REMEMBER uniform profits sold by the PTSA go back to our school and children.  Other business selling uniforms keep the profits for themselves!  SUPPORT YOUR SCHOOL AND BUY FROM THE PTSA!, Attention all Shark Athletes: ATM's FREE ATHLETIC PHYSICAL will be held in the cafetorium WEDNESDAY JULY 24th @ 5pm. In order to attend, a parent must be present to have the physical form notarized. If a parent is not able to attend, the physical form will need to be notarized in advance. The athletic physical form is available on our school website and in the main office.

If you have any questions, please email our athletic trainer, Mr. Justin Rothschild, at jrothschild@dadeschools.net, Happy 7-11 and National Slurpee Day ~ make a stop by 7-Eleven and get yours today!, null, Mourning's very own Law Academy Partner, Rich Patino, from the The Patiño Law Firm receiving state wide recognition and an award for his involvement from Florida Education Commissioner Tony Bennett!  We're so proud of our own Mr. Patino!!!, Congratulations Class of 2013 ~ YOU DID IT!!  Stay tuned for lots of pictures AND upload any of your favorites here!  Exceptionally proud of you guys - great ceremony last night!  (Thank you Ms. Meras and Mourning High Administration!), null, Purchase your DVD of Graduation and Prom - see details on the attached flyer!, Mourning High's Class of 2013 ~ Countdown to graduation!!  The first full four year graduating class!  We're exceptionally proud of you guys!  (Tag away!), null, Congrats to the Mourning High Administration for a great job today!, Support Mourning's Key Club and VOTE VOTE VOTE.... once a day, every day!
, Congratulations Sheyla Seara ~ Silver Knight for World Languages!  Mourning High's first Silver Knight award winner!  

Read more here: http://www.miamiherald.com/2013/05/22/3411684/2013-silver-knight-awards.html#storylink=cpy, Prom Night ~ Have A Blast!  Share some pictures here!, null, Meet and Greet TONIGHT with our new principal, Ms. Lisa Garcia at 6pm in the Cafetorium - join us!  The Meet & Greet reception is followed by our PTA elections and program "Listen Up"!  Hope to see you there!, Prom pictures - get your Fox-Mark Fast Pass online before you get there!!, Join us this Wed. May 15 at 6:30 p.m. in the cafetorium for the Listen Up Program. ATM students will receive community service hours and extra credit for attending!, The age old question . . . "Is it better to have an A in an honors class or a B in an Advanced Placement class?"  Great article from a college admissions dean!, Boys Volleyball - off they go to Orlando for state competition!  Best wishes, good luck and WIN WIN WIN!!, Nice PR for our Boys Volleyball Team advancing to the state playoffs!  GO SHARKS!, Sharks Volley swept the Regional game at the Shark Tank tonight ~ Took the first three games and now on to states!  (More exciting than a Heat game - sorry Alonzo Mourning...!)  Anyone up for a road trip to Orlando to show our Shark pride?, 7pm TONIGHT ~ Time to demonstrate some Shark Pride by attending the regional volleyball tournament AND CHEERING on our Men's Volleyball team! Game at 7pm in the Shark Tank!! As the game is a state qualifier, FHSAA sets the game admission at $7 per person. Come out and cheer on our Sharks!, Looking for community service hours this week? Junior Achievement is looking for volunteers each day after school this week! Contact mfurchi@jamiami.org for specifics!, null, null, TOMORROW!!  ATM Team Sally Alayon will be walking at The American Cancer Society Relay For Life tomorrow April 20th from 6:00 pm to 8:00pm in Sunny Isles Beach at Heritage Park at 19200 Collins Avenue on April 20th. ATM team meets at 6PM.

Support the American Cancer Society’s research to save lives and attend the event to walk with us!, 42 PTSA Scholarship checks signed and ready to present to our accomplished students at tonight's Mourning Senior High Awards Ceremony!, Reminder that ATM Team Sally Alayon will be walking at The American Cancer Society Relay For Life this Saturday night, April 20th from 6:00 pm to 8:00pm in Sunny Isles Beach at Heritage Park at 19200 Collins Avenue on April 20th. ATM team meets at 6PM. 

The Relay for Life event is the American Cancer Society’s primary fund raiser that helps fund research to save lives., Seniors - here's an important message from the Common App folks regarding the May 1st deadline.  To sum it up... if you've narrowed your final choice down to a few, let those schools you're passing on know you do not plan to attend.  No doubt another student on their wait-list will thank you!
, Our thoughts go out to all those effected by the explosions at the Boston Marathon earlier today., ATM Team Sally Alayon will be walking at The American Cancer Society Relay For Life this Saturday night, April 20th  from  6:00 pm  to 8:00pm. The ATM team invites all staff, faculty, students  and parents to  participate.   The Mourning High band will be performing  starting at 6:00pm . During  the walk, the city will also be  honoring  Mrs. Alayon with a key to the city.  The event is in Sunny Isles Beach at Heritage Park at 19200 Collins Avenue on April 20th. ATM team meets at 6PM. To register for the ATM Relay For Life team please contact Amy Link at alink@visaattorneys.com  

The Relay for Life event is the American Cancer Society’s primary fund raiser that helps fund research to save lives., Mourning Girl's Water Polo - Greater Miami Athletic Conference 1st place!  Congratulations ladies - we're proud of you!, Congratulations Girl's Water Polo...  First place GMAC!!  First Mourning High GMAC win in our school's history... so proud of you! (Send us  some pictures!), Free Cone Day at Ben & Jerry's!, 2013 Best Value Colleges - listing of private and public and an interactive database - enjoy!  (Don't know why the article is showing this nice car as the featured picture... might be second guessing, but maybe with a great education it's withing reach?), Mourning Tennis Team ~ Congratulations on your District 15 Championship!!  Second year in row - we're exceptionally proud of you!  (Missing from the picture is Spencer Winer, Walter Delegado, Perrie Maldonado, Florencia Rodriguez, Claire Churchill. and Rene Viso.), 2013 Tiburon Yearbooks are going fast! But it's not too late to get yours! You can purchase for $70 now thru 4/21 in Student Publications Rm 423., Homeland Security’s Federal Emergency Management Agency is seeking nominations for participants in the Agency’s Youth Preparedness Council (YPC) - the Council provides an opportunity for young leaders to serve as a member of a distinguished national council; to complete a youth preparedness project of their choosing and to learn about youth disaster preparedness from the leadership at FEMA.  Check out the link below - a great opportunity!, Sneak Peak - Auction items! It's not to late to join us this evening!, null, Ten reserved parking passes for next school year and front row graduation seats for the next four graduations are all going up for bid at tomorrow night's auction!  Playoff Heat tickets, hotel weekends, Britto art pieces and a lot more great items!  100% of proceeds go towards student scholarships for Mourning Senior High students!, PTA Scholarship FUN fund raising event and silent auction tomorrow night!  It's not too late to sign up and attend!  Join us if you can . . . . we have a lot to be thankful for and our students will benefit from your support of this this event!! , Delighted to have picked up all those SCHOLARSHIP APPLICATIONS today!  Announcements will be made at the Senior Awards night - good luck to everyone!, Boca Resort and Club weekend up for auction at the scholarship event this Thursday ~ all proceeds raised for Mourning Senior High student scholarships!  Did you make your reservations yet?, Imagine . . . front row seats for graduation?  Front row seats for this year's graduation, plus the graduation for the Class of 2014, 2015 and 2016 will only be available at the PTA's "Dollars for Scholars" fund raising event this Thursday!  Click the link and register today to join us!, Interested in a reserved parking place next year at Mourning High?  Your friendly PTA has TEN SPOTS we're auctioning off at the scholarship event next week!  Parents need to attend the event below - click the flyer for more details and to register today!, Student scholarship FUN fund raising is next week, March 21st at Rouge!  Parents - demonstrate your support of our school and students by attending this event!  Click the link and register below!, null, Dollars for Scholars... our Mourning High PTA scholarship fund raiser is next week, Thursday, March 21st!  If you've not registered, please click the link below and sign up today!  Parents... we need your support - even if you're not able to join us for the event, please consider a donation, auction item(s) or scholarship sponsorship!, Okay Sharks and friends.... it's time for Miami to stick together and help Leewood K-8!  Leewood is trailing some school in LA for top prize - please... take a moment to vote and help them win!, Seniors - have you signed up for Bright Futures yet?  Even if you think that you will not qualify for Bright Futures - there are a number of nice grants, work-study programs and low interest student loan programs that are offered by the state - please register today!, Yet another absolutely amazing Vis-a-Vis Fashion Show!  Congratulations to all involved in organizing this great event for our school!, null, A limited number of Vis-a-Vis  tickets will be sold at the door tonight... doors open at 6pm!, Excellent article and links on college financing!  Share this with your parents :), null, null, null, null, The long awaited Vis-a-Vis Fashion Show is this Thursday - get your tickets before they sell out!, null, Seniors .... Scholarship Application from Miami Dade County PTA!, Reminder to join us Thursday night for our PTA General Meeting and great speaker! , null, It's National School Counseling Week. We can't thank your counselors personally for all they do--but YOU can. (And you should!)  Stop by Student Services and say... Thanks!, TONIGHT 6pm is the Open House for our rising 8th graders, Mourning Senior High's Class of 2017!  Join us in the Cafetorium at 6pm for this fun event!, PTSA General Meeting - 6pm on Thursday, February 7th!  Join us for this informative meeting with Peter Ratzan from College Funding Specialists.  Click the link below for a brief video intro from Peter.  Topics include; 

•  How colleges 'set' their prices, and how to pick the ones that will give you the best merit and financial aid packages.

•   Why sending your child to an 'expensive' private university could cost less than a state school, even with FL Prepaid and Bright Futures.

•  Which assets are taken into consideration when the US Department of Education calculates your Family Contribution.

•   How to pay for college in a failing economy without relying on 529 plans, expensive private student loans or raiding your retirement accounts.

•  How to get ahead by developing an integrated admissions and funding plan to meet your student's academic needs and your family's financial requirements., Compare the 100 top values in public colleges and universities, or create your own custom lists of individual colleges or schools from a particular state. Use the arrows at the top…, Attention Sunny Isles Beach student residents - this scholarship program is for you!  See the link for more information and pay attention to deadlines!  Good luck!, Seniors - remind your parents of the FAFSA workshop... 6pm tonight at school.  See the link below that'll take you to our school's website for more information!, Florida PTA Scholarships - deadline to apply is February 1st!  Stay tuned for our Mourning Senior High PTSA Scholarship Application . . . Seniors, if you've not already done so... join the PTA so you will be eligible to apply!, We will be having our monthly PTSA meeting at 5:30pm. in the Media Center on Thursday, January 10th. Hope to see everyone!, Exceptionally proud to announce that Mourning Senior High is now an "A" School!!!!!!  Of course we knew it all along... it just took the State of Florida a couple years to catch up!  Congratulations!, Carwash. Tomorrow  10 to1 at school. Come on by!, Duffy's tonight!!  Join us for a fun evening at Duffy's ~20% of each check goes back to our school!  , Join us Tues Dec 11th for a 20% cash back fundraiser for Mourning Senior High's All Sports Booster Club! Good food for a good cause!, null, Check out our own Claudia Sanchez!, Interesting list of scholarships - from a site in the Carolina's, but a lot of good ones nonetheless!, FAFSA workshop TONIGHT 6pm in the cafetorium!  Seniors, you start filling this out for your colleges 12/1 - very important that you encourage your parents to attend!  Florida DOE representative will be presenting and giving us instructions on the FAFSA, Bright Futures and more Federal Financial Aid programs.  Join us!, ATM students who are getting ready for the SAT or the ACT: Remember you have access to a free online course by Kaplan. The flyer is posted on the school's website, just use the codes listed there., Great seminar! Don't miss it, null, Learn more about Florida's Bright Futures Scholarship Program and Federal Student Aid. All parents & students invited! Tues Nov 13 @ 6:00 PM in cafetorium. 
(This program is especially important for seniors who will become eligible to apply Dec 1st for Bright Futures & Jan 1st for FAFSA.), Talent show auditions this Friday after school in the cafetorium. All talents welcome!!!, Senior picnic ticket on sale this week only $20 sold during lunch time in the activities office, Parents and students please be reminded that our Annual College Tour is set for November 27, 28 and 29. Don't miss this great opportunity to visit six Florida universities and get an in-depth understanding of the admissions process and requirements and how to be most competitive in the college application process. Space is limited! See Ms. Rodriguez, college advisor for details., We are  selling tickets to the November 11th Dolphins game against the Tennessee Titans.  It’s a  1:00 PM  game -  Tickets on sale for $35.00 ONLY (regular price is $52.00). Please see Mr. Willenborg or Ms. Meras to get your tickets by Friday November 2nd.  You may pay cash or with a check made payable to ATM.   
 
Proceeds benefit the Sharks Cheerleading Squad., null, We're looking for three more parent volunteers for a field trip this Thursday, November 1st to the NACAC College Fair!  If your child has signed up to attend - please email us or reply and let us know if you're willing to chaperone!   Buses are scheduled to leave at 7:45 & return by 2:20. Please let us know you're interested., Our PTSA is looking for volunteers this Thurs 11/1. 75 students will be attending the NACAC college fair and we need 5 chaperones. Buses are scheduled to leave at 7:45 & return by 2:20. Please let us know you're interested., null, null, null, Mourning High hosting a Town Hall regarding the upcoming school bond referendum ~ Save the date now and plan to join us at 7pm on Thursday, October 18th!, Dr. Martin Karp, School Board Member, will host a special Town Hall Meeting with Superintendent Alberto Carvalho on Thursday, October 18, at 7:00 p.m. in our cafetorium. All parents are invited (& encouraged) to attend. Further details & flyers coming soon!, Support your Shark's Swim Team as they take on Miami Beach today!  FIU Pool at 315pm ~ No charge to attend!, Reminder ~ Spirit Week!
Monday- Pajama Day (Powder puff game after school)
Tuesday- Neon Day (plunger races at lunch)
Wednesday- Spirit day (wear blue) ( pep rally and football game)
Thursday- Celebrity Look Alike Day 
Friday- Woodstock Day, Mourning College Fair on October 11th!  A limited number of vendor tables will be sold by the PTA for $100.  Reserve your spot today by returning the form and your check to the address provided.  Should be another GREAT event at Mourning Senior High!, Reminder - we have another FREE prep test from Kaplan this Saturday at school ~ this time it's the ACT!  See the event page and register today!, Mourning Senior High PTSA Membership has already exceeded last year's total!  Great Job Sharks ~ Our Membership Campaign will continue!  Here's a video to recognize our milestone . . . and to kick off a campaign that'll help us triple our current membership!, Florida PTA/PTSA Membership exceeds 100,000 on today's PTA Membership Connection Day!  Great Job Florida!, null, PTA meeting from 5:30-7:00pm tonight in the Media Center... Join us to demonstrate your support!  PTA reps will also be in the cafeteria at lunch - signing up student members & registering those who plan to take the practice SAT &  ACT!, Seniors ~ please remember tomorrow is the deadline for PTA memberships to be eligible for our PTA Scholarships!  Access the form, print out and bring with your $5 to school tomorrow!, Girls Volleyball HOME Game tomorrow.  JV @ 4:00 V @ 5:30.  Come out and support our team!!!!, Take a look at this Parents Handbook for Student Success - lots of good practical tips, tools and checklists that will help you help your college student!, Football update- Sharks 22	Ferguson 7!, Reminder - last day to purchase your Mourning Senior High yearbook at the low price of $55!  Use the online option, or purchase at school - but don't miss out on the price cut that ends today!, A big THANKS to all those parents who attended Open House last night!  From the looks of the parking lot and packed hallways –last night’s attendance was close to the enrollment of our school!  Great showing of support – thanks again!  If you’ve not already done so, we encourage parents and students alike to join our Mourning High PTA.  Fill out the form below on this page and send it back to school with your child.  Better yet, bring your membership application and join us on Thursday, September 20th, 5:30pm in the Media Center for a PTA meeting that’ll give you an overview of our initiatives for this school year!, null, Come join us on Thursday, September 20th at 5:30 p.m. in the Media Center for our monthly PTSA meeting.Topics will include upcoming college fair, fundraising events, scholarships and membership., Parents - Reminder we have our Mourning Senior High Open House tonight at 6pm!  Print yourself a copy of the PTA membership form and bring it with you tonight - drop if off at the PTA table outside the main office!, Time to purchase your yearbook ~ check out the online option!, 3,001 "Likes" on the Mourning High PTA Facebook page!? Now is the time to translate those 'likes' into PTA Members!  If you've not done so already, print a copy of the membership application below, fill it out and turn it in!  Students can turn them to the main office at school and parents can bring them to Open House tomorrow night.  Seniors... to be eligible for the PTA's Scholarships Program - you need to turn in your PTA membership application by Friday, September  21st., Scholarship Opportunity!, Attention all parents - join us Wednesday at 6pm for Open House!  Here's your chance to meet each of your child's teachers and learn what'll be taught in their classes this school year!  Plan to join us!, Picture day tomorrow!, Are you this year's Homecoming Queen or King?  Will you be selected as part of the homecomng court? Applications for homecoming royalty are available during lunch time in the activities office.  Pick yours up by Wednesday!!, Homecoming Dance tickets on sale during lunch time.  Tickets are $45 and include dress up days, pep rally, powder puff game, special events, dinner, dance and photos.  
HOMECOMING IS FOR EVERYONE!!!!, null, School picture day tomorrow Monday September 10th  all underclassmen will be photographed.  Packages start as low as  $15 and go up to $50.  Retouch is available with all packages for an additional $10  CASH ONLY!!
ONLY students who PURCHASE a picture packet may dress up for the pictures (No Shorts)., Good Luck goes out to our Sharks taking the ACT today!, Go Sharks!!  Awesome win last night - you made us proud!, Ready for some football?!?!?!?  Join us tonight at 7:30pm as we kick off our season by beating Miami Beach!!, null, Attention Seniors! Silver Knight information meetings have been scheduled.  All meetings are in Rm 227.
Wed Sept. 5 @ 2:25: Silver Knight Interest Meeting
Tues Sept 11 @ 2:25: Silver Knight Interest Meeting
Wed Sept 19 @ 2:25: Silver Knight  Application How-to Meeting, Wishing all of our Mourning Senior High students & staff a great first day of school - Welcome Back!, null, null, Savings opportunity for the test prep course from Kaplan:  If you register by August 20th and use the code BTS100 you will save $100 on their test prep course from Kaplan.  Just go to www.kaptest.com to find the classes all over the South Florida area.   

Use promo code BTS100 at www.kaptest.com when checking out., Your PTSA is hosting a Welcome Back Luncheon tomorrow for our teachers, faculty and staff.  If your family would like to pitch in and provide a dessert, please have them dropped off to the main office tomorrow from 7am through 1130am!  (Please put your name on them so we can officially 'thank you'!), null, Save the date for this great opportunity!, null, Parking permits will be on sale for SENIORS ONLY starting Monday from 10 - 12 in the activities office.  They will be sold on a first come first serve basis.  There are limited spaces so come early.

Any Seniors who had a parking permit last year may come in for a FAST PASS tomorrow Friday August 10th from 8 - 9 AM or from 2:30 -3:30 PM., If any student needs community service hours, several candidates are looking for poll workers.  If you wish to get involved, please e-mail jacciforjudge@aol.com, Click the link for a full list and links to 650 colleges!, Common Application back up . . . along with those supplement essay questions.  Take a look at get your started before school begins!, Here are some tips for those rising Seniors drafting their college essays!!, Shark Cheerleaders at camp.  GO SHARKS!, Rising Seniors, reminder that the Common Application going down tonight - 'save' your work by printing copies! , Rising Seniors... heads up, the Common Application goes off line this Friday, July 13th at 11:59 pm and doesn't come back up until August 1st.  Information stored in your account will be deleted - please print yourself a copy as you'll need to input new information!, Uniforms will be sold Monday and Thursday at school from 9am - 11am and during the Athletic Physicals Wednesday starting at 5pm and going until 8pm.  See you there!, Vote, vote and more votes!!  We're almost there.... please remember to VOTE today and show your support!, Hi Sharks!! Hope everyone is enjoying summer vacation! Mourning PTA starts its uniform sales next week, twice a week through July and then most days beginning in August. Although some of you may have received emails from "Stitching Gone Wild", please know they are not an authorized Mourning Senior High Uniform vendor, they are a for profit company, advertising in an attempt to pull business away from your PTA. Please remember that when uniforms are purchased through the PTA, your PTA puts the proceeds back into the account to be spent on our students and school!, Please keep voting everyone!  We have a chance to win this!  Vote from your PC, your MAC, your phone and through different browsers!  Please share on your page and help us win the contest!  
, Did you VOTE today?  Come on Sharks.... three votes a day from all of our 'likes' will put us over the top!  , Continue to vote daily and show your support of our Mourning High Sharks TV Production!  Share the link with your friends and help our school win the $20,000!, Please help!  Sharks TV Production needs your help... three votes a day for their video may just help them win $20,000!!  Vote from your phone, pc, ipad, etc.  You can also 'share' this to encourage your friends to vote!, Yet another GREAT school year!  And now . . . Class of 2013 are officially our Seniors!  Go Sharks!  Thank you teachers, staff, parents and students for your support of the PTA!  Enjoy your well deserved summer break everyone!, Absolutely Amazing Graduation ~ GO SHARKS!  We're proud of you!!  (We're asking everyone to 'share', upload and post their graduation pictures here! ), Big day for Mourning Senior High ~ very first graduation ceremony tonight!  Congratulations and best wishes go out to our Seniors!  We’d also like to thank our parents, families, teachers, administration and staff for helping prepare and guide our children to reach graduation.  We’re proud of our Seniors for this milestone and wish them much success and happiness as they move on to the next step in their journey!

Just remember….. “If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can dream it, you can become it.”  -William Arthur Ward, null, Congratulations Seniors on your Graduation Day!, Good Luck to all of our Sharks taking the SAT today!!, null, Interested in a Florida University?  Join us at 6pm TONIGHT for a special presentation about admission to the Florida Universities!  Presenter is Schnider Joseph, Admissions Recruiter from USF and Ms. Rodriguez, CAP Advisor., Join us Tuesday night at 6pm for a GREAT "Get Yourself Ready for College" presentation, PTA Board Elections and Scholarship Presentations!  (Click the link and view the flyer for more specifics on the presentation.), Announcing our first PTSA Scholarship Winners!  Check presentations will be at our PTA General Meeting at 6pm tomorrow at school.  Join us as we congratulate the following students! Bethany Anne Blakeman, Massey David Blakeman, Parker Chernoff, Evan Cohen, Emmanuelle Evangelista, Rachel Gedelus, Alison Rachel Gozlan, Alexa Green, Skylar Henry, Rafael Martinez, Joshua Parkinson, Carline Marie Sendra, Shirene Tabarestani and Karla Villalta!, Join us on Tuesday, May 29th for a great program, PTA Board elections and the announcements of our PTA scholarship winners!, null, Join us May 29th 6pm for our final PTSA General Meeting, Board Elections, Program "Getting Ready for College NOW" and PTSA Scholarship Awards!  (Click on the link for more great details on the program!), null, OUR FIRST PROM!   Have a great evening Class of 2012!!!!, CONGRATULATIONS TO SHAE VAN EMBDEN - Honorable Mention New Media and KARLA VILLALTA - Honorable Mention  World Languages.  The Silver Knight Awards was an impressive event!, Mourning High is a "Kaplan at School Partner" and thus, our students have FREE online access to Kaplan's SAT, ACT and PSAT practice tests, study tools and assessments!  You'll find our school code at the bottom of the flyer.  Time to buckle down for the final SAT and ACT in June!!  , Best wishes go out to our Mourning High Silver Knight nominees!!  We love you & are exceptionally proud of each of you!, Heads up re "The 2011-12 Common Application will shut down on Friday, July 13th and plan accordingly....., PTA Scholarship Deadline is tomorrow...... Good Luck!!, null, Florida recognition for our WSRK Shark News crew!  Now that's "Taking it to the Next Level"!!  Congratulations to Mark Artounian, Brianne Moreno, Luz Cusnaider, Juan Sierra, Liahnni Harris and Sofia Chirino for receiving 1st Place the Sports News Package at FSPA Convention 2012! Also Honorable Mention (4th Place) in Collaborative Commercial.  Go Sharks!!, Greetings Shark Parents! The Alonzo Mourning Sr.High PTSA is seeking new board members to join our board for the 2012/2013 school year. The following are the positions available. If you are interested in a position please fill out the attached questionnaire and return it to the main office at the school in an envelope marked "PTSA-Nominating Committee" or you may return it via email to Maria Paulson at paulshores4@bellsouth.net. Forms must be returned by May 15th, 2012.
Board Positions: President, Executive VP, VP Volunteers, VP Membership, VP Fund Raising, VP Programming, VP Legislation/Advocacy, Recording Secretary. Corresponding Secretary, Treasurer, null, Boys Volleyball just won their first game at Districts!  Moving on to the final game at 7:30 PM!  GOOOO SHARKS!, May 1 may have come and gone, but we know some of you are still exploring your college options. The Common Application's Advanced Search can help you find which Common App members are still accepting applications. Just plug in a date in the "Deadline on or after" field. As of today, 251 of their our 456 members will still welcome your application., http://www.scribd.com/doc/92237092/Mourning-PTSA-Scholarship-Program-2012, Attention Students!!!!We are delighted to present our Mourning Senior High PTSA Scholarship Program!Please see Ms.Rodriguez, our CAP advisor to obtain an application!Hurry as the deadline is May 14th!!!, Need community service hours?  Think about volunteering for this event.... sounds like fun!
, null, Boys Water Polo playing in "State Play In" Tuesday after school at Miami Country Day!  "Save the Date" and plan to attend to show Miami High our Sharks represent!  Only two Miami public high schools remain in state competition!  Go Sharks!, Shark's Water Polo ~ 1st Place District!  Congratulations!, Congratulations to varsity baseball player, Evan Cohen! He was named to the Florida Athletic Coaches Association(FACA) All Star team!! He was also named to the FACA All Academic Team!! Way to go Evan 11!!, Boy water polo district winners... Girls 2nd place!!!!, Exploring College Options! The following colleges will be in the area; Duke, Georgetown, Harvard, Penn, and Stanford! Wednesday, May 8th 7:30pm to 9:00pm. at Miami Marriott Dadeland 9090 S.Dadeland Blvd. Miami, Fl. 33156 (305-670-1035) or
Thursday, May 10th 7:30pm to 9:00pm. at Westin Ft.Lauderdale 400 Corporate Drive Fort Lauderdal, Fl.33334
to register: www.exploringcollegeoptions.org, Water Polo District tournament today at MAST!  Go Sharks!!  Remind them who owns the water!!, Water Polo District tournament today at MAST!  Go Sharks!  Remind them who owns the water!!, Don't miss this opportunity to do a free ACT practice test this Saturday in our school. Follow the link below to register: 
http://www.kaptest.com/enroll/ACT/33160/events, Interesting   statistics :), Scholarships anyone?  Click on the link to view the application for these Miami Dade County PTA scholarships.... each worth $1,000.  PLEASE NOTE they must be POSTMARKED, NO LATER THAN, APRIL 17th - TOMORROW!
, Mourning Senior High's MDCPS Oscar Winners from the county wide film/tv competition awards!  Our Sharks nearly won it all!, Shark's baseball team are now 11-8.  They defeated Booker T. Washington today 13-3!!!, Sign up today online for the practice ACT and SAT tests!!  


SAT PT: http://www.kaptest.com/enroll/SAT/33160/events 
ACT PT http://www.kaptest.com/enroll/ACT/33160/events
, Sharks baseball team is now 11-8!! They defeated North Miami today 10-5.  Way to go!!, Your Mourning Sharks Baseball team have done it again!! They defeated Carol City today 14-1!!  They are now 10 and 8!! Way to go Sharks!!, Congratulations to your ATM baseball team!! They defeated Dillard High today 11-0 with the ten run mercy rule!! Shark pride!!, Thrilled to announce Mourning Senior High's Boy's and Girls' Tennis Teams won first place in their district today!  The entire team will go on to Regional play and a few players have already qualified for States.  We are very proud of Coach Rosenbaum, Coach Willenborg and all of the players! (Plus.... first sport to get us one of those coveted banners for our gym!!)  GO SHARKS!!!, A great read on scholarships!  For example, check out Alfred State College (New York)... they offer the following:

*   Offers free tuition, room, and board to students with a minimum of a 93 high school average and at least a 1200 SAT or 26 ACT composite score. 
*  Students with a 90 or higher average and 1150 SAT or 25 ACT composite or higher receive a free room. 
*  Students with an 88 or higher high school average and at least an 1100 SAT 24 ACT composite receive free board (18 meals a week). 
 
, Important Water Polo game tomorrow with Sharks vs. Krop at the FIU pool - girls at 3pm and boys at 4pm!  It's FREE - come out and support your Sharks!, Interesting article!, Don't you love this?, Congrats to your ATM Sharks Baseball Team!! They defeated Homestead 6-5 in a battle that lasted eleven innings!! Way to go!! The boys never gave up!! Hats off to our coaches!!, If you've not RSVP'ed... now is the time!  Big event is Thursday night!  Click the link and let us know if you're able to join us!  , null, null, Big night and big event is this Thursday!!  If you've not made your reservations, please do so and show your support of our Mourning Senior High students.  Even if you're unable to attend, we encourage you to donate towards our student  scholarship fund!!, If you ever wanted to know how some college admissions offices make their decisions, click the link and see how they make their selections - as you can see it is mostly GPA and Test scores. You will find that most of Florida universities will do it this way. This is an example of the table that USF uses., Your ATM Sharks are now 7-7.   They defeated Miramar tonight 10-8!! Go Sharks!!, From our friends at International College Counselors ... a lot of good ideas and information!, Time is fast approaching! Show your support of our Mourning Senior High students and RSVP today!, Congrats to the baseball team!! They defeated Jackson 6-5 last night!! Awesome game!!, FREE Summer Program - deadline to apply is March 22nd!
, Our big event is two weeks away!  Sign up to attend, or just donate to demonstrate your support of our Mourning Senior High student scholarship fund!, So excited to learn we have both print and broadcast students from Mourning Senior High attending this conference and competition!  Go Sharks!!, Absoultely incredible Vis-a-Vis Fashion Show this evening!  So very proud of our students.... And so thankful for Mr. Fernandez's leadership!, Last night's baseball score: Sharks 18-Carol City 2. Way to go Sharks!!, Watch your Sharks baseball team surf the Miami Beach Hi Tides tomorrow under the lights! Game time 7:00 pm at Flamingo Park.  See you there! Go Sharks!!, Come on Sharks...... 80 more LIKES  before the big event tomorrow!!  , http://shop.nordstrom.com/c/nordstrom-cares-scholarship, Cheer on your Sharks Baseball team today v.s Carol City!! Game time 3:30 at Pepper Park.  Shark pride!!, Calling All Volunteers - FIU Biscayne Bay Campus is looking for active and enthusiastic Volunteers for their Inaugural Triathlon March 18th!  Volunteer Orientation will be on March 10th at 10am on the pool deck.  For questions and to sign up - email Christina Reddick at reddickc@fiu.edu, Tomorrow is the big day!!  Looking for '500 Likes" by show time!!  , null, Water Polo vs. Krop ~ Come out to FIU and support!  It's FREE!  Girls at 3pm and Boys at 4pm!  GO SHARKS!, ATM vs. CAROL CITY - BOYS VOLLEYBALL 5:00 PM today in the Shark Tank, Girls Water Polo ~ 3rd Place in the Mast Tournament! Go Sharks!!, CARWASH THIS MORNING TO SUPPORT BOYS VOLLEYBALL!!!!   Come have your chassis cleaned by one of those gorgeous male models that will be walking the VIS - A -VIS runway on Thursday!  $5.00 from 10:00 - 1:00., Only one week left - buy your tickets TODAY before they sell out!! , Common Knowledge Scholarship Fund, is an online quiz competition designed to reward high school students for learning important facts that will help them succeed in college.  Eligibility: All high school students in Miami-Dade, Broward, and Palm Beach counties.  How it Works: The Challenge Round quiz is open for one week at the beginning of March. All students at a high school who take the quiz become part of that school's "team." The top 20 scores at each school are added together to get the school score. The school with the highest score in each state advances their top 5 students who then take the Championship Round quiz. At the end of the competition, the highest scoring team earns a trophy for their school and each member receives a $250 scholarship.

Award: 
Five $250 scholarships (one for each member of the winning team) 
College Knowledge Championship Trophy to school with highest school/team score

Quiz Dates:
Challenge Round: 03/04/2012 - 03/11/2012

Championship Round Dates: 03/18/2012 - 03/25/2012 , PTSA's "Dollars for Scholars" Scholarship Event coming up on March 29th at Rounge Lounge!  Click on the flyer for more information and register today!, Accolades for one of our own!  Congratulations Brittany!, Vis-a-Vis Fashion Show Tickets will go on sale ~ only a limited number are available, so get yours before they sell out!  Buy them from any coordinator, model, or crew member for $7.00., Today 3:30pm at Krop.... Join us and show your support of our Baseball Team  as they take on Krop Senior High!  Let's fill the stands and demonstrate our support! GO SHARKS!!, Congratulations to our Ladies Water Polo Team ~ 3rd place at the Mast Tournament this weekend!  Both our Girls and Boys teams made us proud - you've come a long way in one year! , Heads up Sharks :) ~ Join us and show your support of our Baseball Team on Monday, February 27th 3:30pm as we take on our cross town rival Krop Senior High school!  The team really needs your cheers in the stands, so please come out to cheer on your Sharks tomorrow!!  GO SHARKS!!  (Get us some pictures and post here after the game!!!), Another victory for the Sharks Baseball Team! They defeated Dillard High tonight!, Tonight - 6pm in the Media Center!!  Plan to join us for a great College Preparation presentation!  Experts from EduPlan will share the steps that should be taken while in 9th, 10th and 11th grades to ensure a smooth transition from high school to college!  (More information on the flyer - parents AND students should plan to join us! Community service hours will be given.)
, Plan to join us Thursday for the College Preparation presentation and the PTA's general meeting.  Experts from EduPlan will share what steps you should be taking while in 9th, 10th and 11th grades to ensure a smooth transition from high school to college!  Don’t wait until it’s too late to begin to position yourself for the college of your dreams!  (More information on the flyer - parents AND students should plan to join us!  Community service hours will be given.), Attention Parents of Juniors!!  Ms. Rodriguez, our CAP Advisor will be conducting a very important meeting this Saturday, 930am in the cafetorium.  Important information concerning graduation requirements, timing, college and/or vocational school selection, AND MORE will be covered.  Plan to join us for this important meeting!, Attention students: The Sat test prep classes have been postponed till March 24th and will be held for the 4 following Saturdays due to insufficient students signing up for the ACT. Those students who signed up for the ACT prep classes will be rolled into the SAT class in March unless more students sign up. There are 18 ACT spots and 15 SAT spots. The cost is only $15.00!This is a great opportunity for students to take prep classes at a great price! Please pass on the information!, Come support your Mourning Senior High water polo teams at their first home game tomorrow from 3-5 at FIU. Entry is free!  Go Sharks!, Sports teams, clubs, those doing fund raisers, etc. feel free to post here when you'd like to promote your games, events and activities!, Go Marcus!!!  Our very own and very first SHARK in state competition for wrestling!!!, Congratulations to the Sharks Baseball Team on their second victory tonight over Hallandale High by a score of 16-5!! Go Sharks!!, Sharks Wrestlers on their way to State Competition!!  We're proud of you Marcus Martinez, Jose Navarro, Maher Drum Captain Jaser Jr. and Coach Perez!!  GO SHARKS!!!, Support one of our own Sharks, Alex Kizhner in his quest to raise awareness and funds for organ transplants by donating or walking in the 2012 Kidney Walk!  It's a fun, inspiring community fundraiser that calls attention to the prevention of kidney disease and the need for organ donation. It's also an opportunity for patients, family, friends and businesses to come together to support the 26 million Americans with chronic kidney disease.  See the link and become involved!, null, Your friendly PTSA is paying for busses to take our Mourning High students from school to the college fair this Sunday!!  Check with Ms. Rodriguez for your pass to join us!  , Congratulations to the varsity baseball team!!  They defeated North Miami Beach 4-2 in their first game of the regular season!  Way to go Sharks!!, Need community service hours?  Consider helping out at the kite festival in Haulover Park on Sunday, February 19, 2012.  Volunteers will need to contact Roman Frenkel directly at 786-312-3687 or e-mail at: roman@educatemiami.com. On Sunday they will need to be at the park by 12PM and stay until 5PM. Their responsibilities during the event will be primarily to help children (and a few adults) decorate and assemble paper kites which will be available for free to festival attendees. Other responsibilities may include minor crowd control at some of the events/stations at the festival, flyer distribution, etc.

Each volunteer will receive 5 hours of community service (as this is a Miami-Dade County Parks event) and a free lunch., Show some love for your Sharks varsity baseball team on Tuesday, Feb. 14th as they face rivals North Miami Beach (at NMB).  Gametime- 3:30 pm. See you there!, Best of luck to all our University of Florida applicants today.....Go Gators!, Congratulations to the Baseball Team tonight!  They defeated North Miami at the Miami Country Day Pre-Season Classic!!, Take a peek at the link and consider ordering that 'special someone' flowers for Valentine's Day through the Florida PTA!, Reminder that the submission deadline for The Broad Prize scholarship is March 1, 2012.  Students must submit their online application and mail the supporting documents by this date.
, EXERCISE YOUR VOTE in November to unelect the legislators trying to dismantle public education!  , Alonzo and Tracy Mourning Senior High is proud to announce  this year's Miami Herald Silver Knight Awards Nominees:

Athletics:  Skylar Henry
Business:  Emanuele Evangelista
English & Literature:  Alexa Green
General Scholarship:  Parker Chernoff
Journalism:   Bethany Blakeman
Mathematics:  Rafael Martinez
New Media:  Shae Van Nembden
Science:  Alison Gozlan
Social Science:  Rossana Cheng He
Speech and Debate:  Demetrius Villa
Vocational-Technical:  Caroline Sendra
World Languages:  Karla Villalta

The Miami Herald Silver Knight Awards program recognizes outstanding students who have not only maintained good grades (minimum 3.2 unweighted GPA) but have also unselfishly applied their special knowledge and talents to contribute significant service to their schools and communities.  Each school may nominate one student per category.

One Silver Knight and three Honorable Mentions will be selected in each category by a panel of independent judges. Names of the winners will be announced at the Silver Knight Awards ceremony on May 17, 2012. Silver Knights receive $2,000, a Silver Knight statue and a medallion presented by American Airlines. The three Honorable Mentions are presented $500 and an engraved plaque., Heads up Mourning High baseball fans!!  Our first Pre-Season Classic Baseball game is tomorrow (Thursday!) 4pm at Miami Country Day School?  We're hoping students and teachers will drive a little south and support their baseball team tomorrow at 4pm!!  GO SHARKS!!, Congratulations to the Debate Team on placing and going to states!, SENIOR INDUCTEES TO QUILL AND SCROLL JOURNALISM HONOR SOCIETY, Attention ATM Parents - 10 Parent Volunteers needed for the field trip to the South Florida Renaissance Fair on Wednesday, Feb 15th.  This trip is sponsored by the ATM Social Studies Department/World History Classes. If you can chaperone please call or email Mr. Rothberg at rrothberg@dadeschools.net. The trip leaves school around 7:30 a.m. and should return by 3:30 p.m. If not already a registered volunteer, a parent needs to register as a volunteer on-line on their parent portal, which takes less than 5 seconds .  The phone number for the school to volunteer is 305-919-2000., null, The Social Studies/World History Class will be going on a trip to the So.Fla. Renaissance Fair on Wednesday, February 15th from 7:30am to about 3:30pm. Five (5) chaperones are needed. Please contact Mr.Rick Rothberg if you are able, please have your volunteer number available. He can be reached at rrothberg@dadeschools.net. Thanks!, Reminder to join us tomorrow..... January 26, 2012 @ 6:30pm in the Mourning Senior High Cafetorium for: "Listen Up! Teen Mistakes that may place you in ADULT Criminal Court" Presented by Criminal Court Judge Beth Bloom and Jacob Stern. ALL STUDENTS WILL RECEIVE COMMUNITY SERVICE HOURS FOR ATTENDING. LAW ACADEMY STUDENTS WILL RECEIVE EXTRA CREDIT!, Community Service will be given and students who RSVP on The Patino Law Firm Facebook Page and attend will be entered in raffle for gift cards., null, null, Join us January 26, 2012 @ 6:30pm in the Mourning Senior High Cafetorium for:
"Listen Up! Teen Mistakes that may place you in ADULT Criminal Court" Presented by Criminal Court Judge Beth Bloom and Jacob Stern. ALL STUDENTS WILL RECEIVE COMMUNITY SERVICE HOURS FOR ATTENDING. LAW ACADEMY STUDENTS WILL RECEIVE EXTRA CREDIT!, Attention Parents of Juniors...The Junior Class Parent Meeting has been scheduled for February 25th at 9:30 am at our High School. More information will be coming as we approach the date., Save the Date: College Fair will be held on Sunday, February 19th at the Doubletree Miami Airport Hotel and Convention Center from 12 to 4pm., Certify IT.

 

Volunteers will receive:

Free fingerprinting and a photo ID badge. A light lunch will be provided.

 

Developing and Maintaining

Community-School Relationships

Volunteers will learn the basic principles of marketing to develop business partnerships with their schools that may help secure additional resources to enhance student achievement.

Learn how to:

                        Determine school needs, goals, and activities to engage community.

                        Recruit, retain, and recognize partners.

                        Request sponsorship from community partner(s).

 

What Every School Volunteer Should Know

This interactive session will provide volunteers with the tools to assist in managing school volunteers, community involvement initiatives, and/or other duties as assigned by the Principal or Volunteer liaison.

Included in this session:

                         An overview of school volunteer program

                        Techniques to recruit volunteers;

                        The Do’s and Dont’s of volunteering;

                        Services volunteers can provide at the school;

                        Share and explore best practices

 

 

Venada Altheme

Office of Community Engagement

schoolvolunteerprogram@dadeschools.net

Phone: 305-995-2995

Fax: 305-995-3054, http://jupiterserve.com/school/20728/2012_Miami_National_College_Fair_Flyers.pdf

 

 Flyer for Miami international college fair, Join us January 26, 2012 @ 6:30pm in the Mourning Senior High Cafetorium for:
"Listen Up! Teen Mistakes that may place you in ADULT Criminal Court"  Presented by Criminal Court Judge Beth Bloom and Jacob Stern., Need Community Service Hours?  Tonight at the Candlelight Vigil in Honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. in MOCA Plaza beginning at 7pm.  The Sans Souci Homeowners Association will be serving hot dogs to those in attendance and could use some student help!  Please email Suzy Blumin at relax2002@msn.com if you're able and willing to help at tonight's event!, null, VICTORY!!!!   ATM  Boys Soccer defeats KROP 8 -0!  Girls won 3-0!!!!   GO SHARKS!!!!, http://heat3.wordpress.com/2012/01/02/heat-vs-hawks/)