List(Chef Valente in the kitchen tonight @josephineboston offering his version of Chicken Piccata., Surf & Turf @josephineboston., Fish of the day @josephineboston: lobster tail, asparagus, polenta and Bearnaise . Thanks Chef Alex Falconer., Josephine version of surf&turf. Hanger Steak with lobster ravioli and house made lobster sauce. @josephineboston. Ask for it next visit., Join Josephine on a Culinary Tour of Italy!

Boston's favorite new French restaurant Josephine is going to Italy.  Josephine took her French culinary skills on a tour through Italy and was inspired to infuse Italian cuisine with her French training.
Two of the greatest cuisines of the world are French and Italian.  While French cuisine is known for delicate taste combinations and fine dining, Italian cooking brings to mind robust hearty home cooked meals and a family atmosphere.  Josephine aspires to both.  Starting this month, Josephine will take its guests on a virtual culinary tour of Italy, bringing the delicious tastes of the North End to Kenmore Square with the surprising spin you've come to expect from Josephine.  Many French favorites will remain on the menu, as well Josephine's warm and comforting atmosphere.  Join us soon and have a great night.   Bienvenue e(t) bienvenuto!, null, #josephineboston will be soon traveling to Italy#italianfood #frenchwine🍷, null, Sip some wine and enjoy creme brulee tonight with your Valentine., Vin Chaud has arrived @josephineboston. Parisian version of Mulled Wine to celebrate wintersnow., Snow doesn't stop us! We're open through the storm, come in and join us! #KenmoreSquare #OpeninBOS, Join us for dinner and get a true taste of Paris in Kenmore Square!, Celebrating Snow with Hot Wine @josephineboston #vinchaud, Spend your Valentine's Day indulging in authentic french cuisine with that special someone. Make your reservation now, right online!, Join us tonight and toast to being mid-way through the week. We're open for dinner from 5PM- 10:30PM., The Groundhog did not see his shadow this morning. We are  ready for spring, and even more ready to dine on our outdoor patio again!, Joséphine now open for Lunch (11:30am to 2:00pm) everyday @josephineboston #lunch #frenchwine🍷 #food, null, Pan Roasted Cod with Chanterelle Mushrooms and Beurre Blanc @josephineboston, Thank you globe.com for the recognition., null, Introducing new upstairs bar @josephineboston #winebar #winetasting #frenchwine🍷, Joyeux Noël à tous from #josephineboston, New look at #josephineboston . Happy Holidays., Eiffel Tower is back @josephineboston . Happy 6 Month anniversary!, Josephine Restaurant Parisien #josephineboston celebrating its First 6 months of operation. Thanks to all the amazing team and supporting guests and #foodie . Birthday @josephineboston, If you looking for something to do tonight, check out our Burgundy tasting!!!, Let us help you throw your holiday party, some dates still available., Josephine visiting Olivier de Saint Martin in Philly owner of #zincbarphilly, French Wine Bar #cariboucoffee and #petitroti, null, Pan seared scallops - pork belly and sweet corn @josephineboston #food #foodporn, Thanksgiving Menu open from 11am-9pm, Don't forget to make your Holiday reservations with us, we will be open Thanksgiving 11am-9pm!, null, Josephine est triste et révoltée. Our prayers to friends and family in Paris. #prayforparis #jesuisparis, null, null, Thoughts to friends and family in Paris., Welcome Bridget H. @josephineboston #fabulous - new pastry chef. Introducing "Bonbon", Thanks Chris Hugues from Boston Magazine for the brilliant article., @josephineboston Fall addition: pan seared calamari - squid ink, New Fall Menu @josephineboston - scallops are now sitting on pork belly "a la plancha"., null, Art is @josephineboston thank you #andreboulogne for this amazing piece., null, Kitchen ready @josephineboston. Chef had his Italian espresso!, New dessert menu @josephineboston featuring tarte aux citrons meringue., Saint Jacques @josephineboston thanks Chris for the picture, Boston Globe today - thank you for generous article on #JosephineBoston, Thank you Devra for this first review of Josephine., Joseph Perrier cuvée Josephine 2004 has arrived @josephineboston, Romaine Grillee @josephineboston. Don't feel guilty about ordering salad anymore., Moules Indochine @josephineboston - Mussels coconut&lemongrass broth., Josephine has its new sign @josephineboston, Thank you Esther for the article and pictures #bostonuniversity #JosephineBoston, Hanger steak @josephineboston, Thank you very much Thrillist for listing us as one of Boston's "20 New Hub Restaurants You Need to Check Out Right Now!"

Thank you Thrillist and Erik Christensen who declares it the "Summer of Food!", Juste pour moi. Pork Belly @josephineboston, Œufs Benedict @josephineboston, #JosephineBoston opens Patio tables!, New Tuna Tartar @josephineboston, #JosephineBoston, Going to James taylor at Fenway Park next week, Thursday, August 6th? 

We will open the restaurant starting at 4:00 PM to ensure everyone can be at Fenway by 6:30 pm for the opening act. 

Call to make reservations: 617-375-0699., Waiting for your arrival at Josephine, Restaurant Parisien!

Homemade bread fresh out of the oven!, New version of cod @josephineboston introducing celery roots treviso radicchio and baby fennel slaw for the summer., Amuse of the day @josephineboston featuring tomato gazpacho eggplant caviar  and feta., Chef Stefano taking some liberty with Josephine Mousse au Chocolat @josephineboston, Bête Noir @josephineboston, Joyeux Anniversaire Maman! #JosephineBoston, The Bugne is back @josephineboston, Amuse of the Day featuring Smoke Salmon  Pannacotta and Curry Beignet Spicy Beef and its pepper&coconut sauce @josephineboston, Saint Jacques Poele @josephineboston, Crêpe Madame on the patio @josephineboston, Amuse of the Day @josephineboston featuring Eggplant Napoleon., Amuse of the day @josephineboston introducing Foie Gras Macaroon, #JosephineBoston now open for lunch., When do you spell "service" with TWO capital S's? When your servers are Samuel and Sam @josephineboston, Open for Brunch - Eggs Benedict Neptune @josephineboston, #JosephineBoston, Amuse Bouche of the day featuring Bugne and Praline de Boeuf épicé @josephineboston, Mille merci Casin Ward and  #IHEARTTHENIGHT for your words and photos!  Marvelous!, Happy Independence Day! 

We will be closed Saturday July 4th.  Josephine will be open for brunch Sunday at 11:00 a.m.   Come check out our inaugural brunch menu -- you will love what chef Stefano has created!, NOW OPEN!, null, Here is one of Josephine's signature dishes, Homard à l'Américaine!, Enjoy charcuterie & cheese plate on our patio -- yes, we now open!  Looking forward to seeing you., Nous Sommes Ouvert! 

We are Open!, Officially opening tonight Saturday. Josephine will be hosting its first brunch for Father's day on Sunday., First look!

#UrbanDaddy, Chefs Stefano, Nick and team are in the kitchen and getting ready for the opening.

Josephine opens this Saturday night, June 20th!, WE JUST PASSED OUR FINAL INSPECTION!  

We will be open to the public this coming Saturday, June 20th for dinner!  

#worththewait, Ready to ride the Metro in Paris?, Santé -- A la votre! 

We got our liquor license today!, "Gold never looked so beautiful," Samuel Gosselin! 

Thank you City of Boston (Government)!, Almost ready to fire up the kitchen., It's all in the name. We're getting close., Stainless (and spotless) steel!, Glassed-in kitchen and floors are completed. 

Almost there., We are looking for servers to complete the team here at Josephine. 

We are looking for experienced servers who care as deeply about hospitality as we do. 

Please inquire within., It would appear Chef Stefano won the lottery at the Restaurant Depot today. NOT!  

#gettingthere
#openingsoon, Even Alfred Hitchcock is getting a little curious about our opening!  See below, checking out our new fireplace. 

C'est chic!, We are getting ready to 'serve' you very soon!  Very soon!, First look at "Josephine", Samuel's mom!  The portrait, by Boston Artist John Gonnella, will hang at the main entrance of Josephine! 

Samuel has known John for many years and owns one of his pieces, Juliette. When Samuel started to think about the restaurant concept, it was natural to go to John and ask him to create a unique piece dedicated to Samuel’s mother, Josephine. 

More on the artist:
http://jgonnella.tumblr.com, Mille merci Chris Hughes and Boston (magazine) for this marvelous piece on Josephine, Restaurant Parisien!  

Please have a look at the piece below! 

#thrilled
#thankful, Taking shape. 

Banquette being installed today., Our gorgeous sign went up today!  Does this make it "official?"  We would say so!, Thank you Eater Boston!  Meet our new chef and GM!, Liquor license approved! Cheers! 

Thank you Boston, Massachusetts!, Signs of spring and Josephine, Restaurant Parisian.

Photo: Owner Samuel here in the soon-to-be outside area., Going to a Boston Red Sox game this season?  We will be right around the corner on Commonwealth Ave., be sure to stop for dinner., This is JUST a mock up, but excited to be working on the menu!, Oval banquette is taking shape!, Josephine' team retreat in the Berkshires... Retracing Samuel steps..., Hat's off #teamjosephine.

#Eater Boston., Many thanks Eater Boston for naming Josephine as one the "Most Anticipated Restaurant Openings, Spring 2015!"

#Eater Boston, Thank you Jaquier Welding for letting us play with your toys!, We had some fun in the kitchen this weekend working on the opening menu., Hang in there -- we are getting there and looking at mid-April opening., First sketch from John Gonnella, Boston Artist, for the main entrance painting of Josephine. 

Samuel has known John for many years and owns one of his piece, Juliette. When Samuel started to think about the restaurant concept, it was natural to go to John and ask him to create a unique piece dedicated to Samuel’s mother, Josephine. 

http://jgonnella.tumblr.com, Look who made the cover of The Boston Globe.  Well done Samuel!, Chefs Stefano and Nick having a bit of fun working and perfecting the opening inaugural menu!, We are happy to bask in the glorious light of the iconic Citgo sign. 

#illuminatis, Hammering away today!, One step at a time!, Mille merci Improper Bostonian Magazine!  

Be sure to grab the new issue now out!, It's takes a village!  Or at least some really special friends!

Renovation - Week 1 Completed!  

A very big thank you to everyone for coming and giving a hand this past week. Great progresses!, Samuel Gosselin is all about hands on! Demo-has-begun!, Merci Eater Boston., Another step closer. Good meeting with the city of Boston this a.m.

Cheers!, Pensez Avril!  Think April!  

#josephine, Nous obtenons les clefs demain soir!

We get the keys tomorrow night!, It's with pleasure and enthusiasm that we give-you a sneak peak of Josephine with a few 3D sketches of the soon-to-be renovated and overhauled space from our architect Myoung Kim.

Note: The colors here are not what the restaurant will look like. there will however be a theme of the raspberry you see in our logo., Le mot est donne.

Photo: The Boston Sunday Globe, Kara Baskin, Because not just any table(s) will do at Josephine!

Samuel hard at work in the Berkshires at Erik O. F Schutz shop. Below, Black Walnut Communal tables. 

FYI: Erik and his shop did tables for Danny Myers's Gramercy Tavern in NYC., Opening Executive Chef Stefano and Samuel celebrating posts and launch of Josephine.  Passez le mot!, Mille merci BostInno!, Check out Samuel's interview with Eater Boston. 

Thank you Rachel., We're excited to be working with wood master Erik O. F Schutz from the Berkshires. Erik is known for many things, one of which was making tables for Danny Meyer's Gramercy Tavern. 

Photo: Picking the wood for the tables., It's Official! 

Thank you The Boston Globe!, null, null)