List(Happy Gameday!!! Go Zips!!!
#maction, The UA Symphonic Band is on its way to Cincinnati for the 2016 OMEA Conference!

Thanks to Mount Vernon High School for hosting us earlier today. 

Here's a rehearsal photo of Mr. Ken Bloomquist rehearsing Grainger's Irish Tune from County Derry before our concert at Gahanna Lincoln High School this evening. 

The students of Gahanna Lincoln will be joining the UASB on stage at 7:30pm., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Tonight is the night to hear a fantastic performance that spans the entire University of Akron School of Music!
Collage 2015, 7:30pm at EJ Thomas Hall., The UA The University of Akron Drumline did a great job playing for The LeBron James Family Foundation and First Lady, Michelle Obama's event on Higher Education today!!, Come see what music at UA is all about!, The UA Symphonic Band presented two of four concerts at the Akron Civic Theater especially for children today! Thanks the Akron Children's Concert Society for making this a reality!!, Band Directors,
It's still not too late to have your students audition to be a part of this year's Ohio Band Director's Conference Honor Band! See the link below for more information on this fantastic opportunity for your students!

http://www.uakron.edu/bands/obdc/, Join us for a great program this evening!  7:30pm at Guzzetta Recital Hall., UA Concert and Symphonic Band tonight at 7:30pm!, null, null, null, Thanks to UA Libraries for posting this wonderful tribute to Mr. Jorgensen. 

http://ideaexchange.uakron.edu/band_ideas/, null, UA Bands is pleased to announce that Thursday evening's Summer Symphonic Band Concert will be dedicated to the memory and legacy of Professor Emeritus Robert Jorgensen. 

Please join us at Lock 3 Thursday, July 16th at 7:30pm for this special occasion., null, null, null, null, null, UA Bands lost a dear member of our family last night. Our lives were better having known Mr. Jorgensen and the music he made will certainly go on. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family., Audition music for Fall 2015 concert ensembles has been sent out via email to those enrolled in University, Concert, and Symphonic Bands. Hard copies are available outside of the band office - Rm 270 Guzzetta Hall.

Sign up for your audition by reading the 'Audition Information' letter and accessing the Google Calendar. 
 
Happy practicing!!!, Junior High Band Camp is off to a great start! We hope you'll join us Friday at 1pm for our final concert in Guzzetta Recital Hall., null, null, Spirit Night is fast approaching! We hope you will join us to get the first look at out new band uniforms. 
Go Zips!!, Many thanks to The University of Akron Women's Committee for their generosity and support of "Ohio's Pride"!!, See below for some exciting news about the 2015 edition of Ohio's Pride - University of Akron Marching Band!!, Congrats to the UA Symphonic Band on a wonderful performance this evening!, We hope to see you tonight in Guzzetta Recital Hall for what looks to be a fantastic Symphonic Band Concert. Strauss, Heins, Coplansd, Hindemith, and more!, The University of Akron Concert Band is in action tonight at 8pm. We hope to see you there!, The University of Akron Band program is pleased to announce our spring schedule of concerts and marching events. 

Please see the attached flyer for more information. 

Drumline Audition information has already been sent via email. If you have not received information, please contact the band office. 

Returning Members will receive information regarding Leadership Auditions later this week. 

Twirler and Colorguard audition information will also be sent out via email later this week.

Go Zips!!, null, null, null, null, UA Students - Tomorrow (Tuesday) Aaron Goldman, Principal Flute of The National Symphony Orchestra, will be leading a discussion about the audition process and orchestral playing in Room 147 from 1:10 until 2:00 pm., United States Army Bands will be on campus April 10.  Want to audition?  Here's the information!, Thanks to Christian Locke at ZTV for taking an interest in our basketball band for a recent project.

http://youtu.be/9gJNIu-B6SI, null, null, Professor Madden working with the Cuyahoga Falls HS Concert Band, The UA High School Band Clinic has begun! Welcome to our guest clinician, Prof. John T. Madden, and our participating ensembles: Cuyahoga Falls HS Concert and Symphonic Bands and the Perry HS Symphonic Winds., null, null, Take a look at this ice sculpture of a member of Ohio's Pride! Dr. Karriker is pictured with the sculptor, Lisa Thompson, who is a former member of the band and student in the Culinary Arts program here at UA., Day 3 of Spring Semester 2014 is here and we have now seen and heard all the members of our three concert bands, as well as Blue & Gold Brass (basketball band).  It is great to see all of our students back on campus with renewed goals and spirit.  Have a great semester, Zips!, The 42nd annual Ohio Band Directors Conference has come to a close with an outstanding performance by the 2013 OBDC High School Honor Band. Many thanks to everyone who helped make this event a great success!, The Grove City High School Symphonic Band is en route to Akron. We are looking forward to their performance at OBDC!, OBDC Program Change:

Due to weather impacting the travel of our visiting ensembles, tonight's program had changed. 

6:15 - Green Middle School Band

7:15 - UA Concert Band

8:00 - Reception for Directors and attendees. Retirement celebration for Prof. Robert D. Jorgensen, Director of Bands Emeritus., Col. Bruce Gilkes rehearses the UA Symphonic Band at their dress rehearsal. Col. Gilkes (USAF, ret.) is the guest conductor of the  2013 OBDC High School Honors Band., Guest composer Julie Giroux worked with the Perry High School Symphonic Winds at their rehearsal tonight in preparation for OBDC, null, null, null, null)