List(Hanging with the RFK Kitchen chicks tonight !! #girlchefpower Stacy Cogswell Crystal Hovland Quang Tran Ian Gopin Rachel Klein Jean Marie Manning Lee Weber, Showing off some RFK creations at the Boston Magazines " smarter vs bigger event". Crystal Hovland Stacy Cogswell Francesco Melandri Quang Tran Lee Weber Ian Gopin, Team RFK in Washington DC to cook at charity event raising money for children with disabilities. Thank you  SHALVA National Children's Center Stacy Cogswell Quang Tran Crystal Hovland, Working on some unique initiatives for RFK Kitchen to address the challenges culinarians face !!!  This article is really spot on., POW ! Needham, Massachusetts Francesco Melandri, "Culinarians are not second class citizens — they deserve the right to receive the same types of perks other industries receive: 401K, paid vacation, health care, etcetera," says Klein. "However, recently becoming a small business owner, it’s a challenge as the margins are razor thin... I think it’s important to invest in my colleagues, but there isn't much support.", null, Getting the gang back together. Needham, Massachusetts Stacy Cogswell Crystal Hovland Quang Tran, fun interview with the always amazing Julie Kramer!, Reunited and it feels so good ! ,, null, Shakshuka is on the menu at RFK Kitchen!, Thanks for a great time Seaport Hotel Boston and thank you to my little helpers!, Jim Carmody, general manager of the Seaport Hotel Boston kicking the wine knowledge, RFK at the Seaport Hotel Boston for the the Boston wine Expo !, Days like these call for hot chocolate and menu writing., Thank you to everyone that came out last night ! It's going to be one rough morning !, Much thanks to Seaport Boston, a wonderful organization that has been dedicated to supporting our veterans and active servicemen for years. Jim Carmody Marianna Accomando Craig Cunningham, Team RFK is looking forward to seeing everyone tomorrow night at "Baby it's cold outside" Don't forget to purchase your tickets  through eventbrite., Thank you to my dear friend Lexi and her awesome Papas Pilar rum for supporting Our charity event "Baby it's Cold Outside" and RFK Kitchen on Tuesday at the Envoy Hotel !!! Support our homeless veterans ! David Verdo Stacy Cogswell Lexi LaGuerre, https://www.zagat.com/b/boston/10-cant-miss-food-events-in-february, null, Recipe testing for our rotisserie chicken today. First chicken to try...Murray's, http://bostoncommon-magazine.com/culture-post/29875/Baby-Its-Cold-Outside-Charity-Event, Great to be working with 2mix interiors! NYC girl in Needham just like Chef Rachel Klein. 2 Mix Interiors Deirdre Cullen, We are thrilled with our partnership with embarc studios. Looking forward to seeing architectural plans on paper become reality ! Love working with the best of the best !, null, Come hang out with chef David Verdo and Chef Rachel Klein as they cook for an amazing cause at the new and amazing Envoy hotel. David Verdo Francesco Melandri Quang Tran Rachel Klein Stacy Cogswell, Needham, Are you ready ?, This is fantastic! Don't be scared to introduce your children to "out of the box" ingredients!, Nothing better than trying to write a spring menu while drinking hot chocolate and watching the snow come down. Spring is around the corner !!!!, 5 things I LOVE !!!!
 Volante Farms French Press Bakery and Cafe  Barcelona South End Rachel Klein David Verdo Stacy Cogswell  Francesco Melandri, null, null, Thanks for including RFK Kitchen ! Needham Community Needham, Massachusetts Needham Patch Lee Weber, Happy New Years !!! Next year the party will be at RFK Kitchen., null, What is your favorite cocktail ? RFK Kitchen has been approved for a liquor license !!!, Even RFK Kitchen is ready for Star Wars. Cute snacks to make with your kids!, Let the 7th annual gingerbread house decorating contest begin! All to benefit The Home for Little Wanderers!, From this great things will emerge!  #BostonRestaurants #Needham, Demolition has begun at RFK Kitchen! #Needham, A little home office work for the soon to come RFK Kitchen. Little fingers are perfect for stuffing envelopes! The entire family is helping., "Saturday is my last night at Liquid Art House. It has been a privilege working with such a passionate, diverse, supportive group of people in the front and back of the house. Thank you to all who dined at Liquid Art House and supported my craft. Good Luck Dougie Rodrigues. You are inheriting a truly special group of people. Looking forward to my next chapter at RFK Kitchen." - Chef Rachel Klein, Chef Rachel Klein's delicious dish at the Malbec and Mushrooms event will make it on our menu!, Did you miss us in Needham Hometown Weekly? Check it out., null, Logo is officially done!, We couldn't be more excited to start this new journey! Eater, null)