List(null, Cod with spring vegetables in a sweet and sour soy broth, Announcing our 2nd Annual Patio Pool! Place a guess with the host as to when our Patio will make its 2016 debut and if the weather agrees, you win Appetizers for Two! The weather's been all over the place this year, want to take a chance?

All guesses must be in by April 4, so don't delay!, Asparagus love fest continues: try it tonight with stracciatella drizzled with olive oil and balsamic, Ode to spring: green crisp asparagus paired with sautéed coho trout, olive oil carrot purée, and fingerling potatoes #FTDayboat for lunch, Spring weather is here already, and the Vernal Equinox is soon to follow! While you are busy admiring the flowers, don’t forget to make a reservation for Easter (Sunday March 27). You won’t want to miss our Easter Brunch and Dinner for an early taste of Spring!
[detail from Kylie Wolgamott's watercolor, Dandelion], Halibut with saffron mussel broth, leeks, fingerlings, seared Equinox Farm Pea Greens #FTDayboat, Special for this evening: we've got Harissa Crab Salad Tacos!, No words necessary, Lunch fish  - John Dory, parsnip skordalia, winter vegetables #FTDayboat, Trust to Adam Gopnik to identify the Saussurian qualities of a croissant: http://www.newyorker.com/culture/cultural-comment/straightened-out-croissants-and-the-decline-of-civilization
Take it on our word that our croissants, though bent, are made with 100% butter., #FTDayboat: Striped bass ::: mushrooms and leeks, lobster chorizo broth., Barrington French press coffee is a big part of what makes our brunches special

https://instagram.com/p/BBSNmBpO0WB/, Valentine's Weekend 2016, Pan Seared Diver Scallops ::: Parsnip purée, Chanteney carrots, rutabaga, Brussels sprouts and trumpet mushrooms. A splash of citrus scallion oil. #FTDayboat, Striped bass and shrimp, a stunning combination for our #FTDayboat fish, In case you are wondering, we will be welcoming diners this evening in a warm, #tvfree environment with our posted dinner menu. What Super Bowl?

Of course, if you will be elbow deep in seven layer buffalo chicken nachos later on, we'd be happy to see you beforehand at brunch!, Dreamy snow day, Winter weather is a wonderful thing (in appropriate proportions) but in its absence we are enjoying fresh local produce from Newton Community Farm and others. Thanks be to Greg who says, "If it's growing, I'm harvesting!", Classic red white and pink: brings to mind ribbons and glue and construction paper making the handcrafted Valentines of yesteryear. 

You don't have to go to all that trouble to ask your hearts desire to "Be Mine." There are still reservations available for the evening of the 14th! (It's a Sunday long weekend, so you can go all out!), We're proud to be included in this Zagat Boston feature on farm-to-table dining in a piece about things Boston excels at. Sourcing locally, and partnering with farms like Allandale Farm, Newton Community Farm, The Neighborhood Farm, and Mainstone Farm have always been very important to our mission of serving fresh, simple, well-executed dishes., Reservations still available. 💝 Relationships are complicated—going to dinner shouldn't have to be. 😘, The magical trinity of beef, potatoes and spinach ::: all natural rib-eye, garlic rosemary frites, creamed spinach. A touch of red wine jus. 

For those of you feeling more surf than turf this evening, our dayboat fish is east coast halibut. Win win., Maine Bay Scallops Ceviche ::: with ginger, lime and cilantro!, Our Early Winter 2016 Newsletter has been posted on our website! 
http://farmsteadtable.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/Valentines-Newsletter-2016.pdf, Do you have your reservation yet? Last year at least 50% of our reservations were made  in late January. The menu will be a la carte but expect to see some specials (we're thinking oysters...and red velvet cake), Thanks to our guest for today's post on OpenTable: "True Neighborhood Gem-One of my very favorite restaurants, and it ranks higher for me than most restaurants in Boston proper. Fresh, local ingredients prepared impeccably. The restaurant is quaint and comfortable. It is also located (literally) across the street from a Green Line T station, which is very convenient for avoiding parking in Newton Centre.", Tonight's #FTDayboat, John Dory, comes with sweet potato purée, oyster mushrooms, kale, radishes, hakuri turnip., Clean eating, tastes delicious! Arctic char, winter citrus, mizuna, radish, olive oil , sea salt., Chocolate Turtle Cookies included in our Plate of Cookies for dessert at lunch or dinner. Enjoy with Hot Chocolate from our house made chocolate syrup, Barrington Coffee Roasting Company Coffee, or Upton Tea Imports Loose Leaf Teas., Virtue on a plate: Farm salad - local greens, shaved shallots, Brussels leaves, beet root, clementine, goat cheese, almonds, sherry vinaigrette., New Year's Brunch Menu--Check it out, Duck Frites!!!!, Happy New Year! We're brunching all day--Join us!, We are filling up fast for dinner on New Year's Eve 2015! We will be keeping things breezy with NO PRIX FIXE MENU, just a selection of some of our favorites. Featured items on our menu will include Roast Rohan Duck Breast with Spaetzle and Spiced Persimmon Butter and a 14 oz. Painted Hills Rib Eye with Creamed Spinach and Rosemary Garlic Steak Fries. Get your reservations in now to ensure a spot!

January 1st we will be serving our annual Hangover Brunch from 11 am-7 pm (yes, indeed, that's BRUNCH ALL DAY) for all of you who need a pick me up for the New Year., We're very proud of our Sous Chef, Edson Chavez, the entire Farmstead team, and everyone who supported and enjoyed, "A Taste of Peru," on Monday night, 12/21. The Peruvian pop-up dinner extends the Farmstead Table tradition of opening the Monday before Christimas for a special holiday dinner. Cheers., Pan roasted North Atlantic cod, squash brown butter puree, honshimeiji mushrooms, native baby carrots & bok choi, maple gastrique, I will honor Christmas in my heart and try to keep it all the year. I will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future. The Spirits of all Three shall strive within me. I will not shut out the lessons that they teach. 
- Charles Dickens

Merry Christmas from Farmstead Table. We will reopen on Saturday for brunch. 🎄, Fish of the Day: Gulf of Maine Lemon Sole, Parsnip Purée, Baby Bok Choy, Red Pearl Onions, Beech Mushrooms., You didn't forget anyone on your list? If you DO need a quick little something--a host gift, a stocking stuffer--we have a special offer for you. Today only, buy a $100 gift card and receive an extra $20 gift card, just for you! (In store purchases only please.)

Merry Christmas!, null, There are a few reservations still available via Open Table for tonight's special pop-up dinner, "A Taste of Peru," featuring a Peruvian menu from our Sous Chef, Edson Chavez. There will also be a very limited number of walk-in seats available on a first-come, first-served basis. Please note, our regular menu will not be available this evening. Thank you., Farmstead Table Sous Chef, Edson Chavez created a Peruvian menu for a successful holiday pop-up, upholding a tradition to open on the Monday night before Christmas. Congratulations to Edson, our staff, and everyone who joined us supporting a fun, festive evening celebrating the food and culture of Peru., Still plenty of time to pick up a gift card for anyone left on your list!, Late harvest, local beets from our friends/neighbors at The Neighborhood Farm in Needham,MA for our Beet Salad w/Whipped Feta, Pine Nuts, and Greek Olive Oil. #KeepItSimple #FarmToTable #SmallBizUnite, Soup and salad with popover today features Sweet Potato Soup with ginger and a Salad of Newton Community Farm greens, almonds, Manchego and blood orange, null, We're proud to announce that our bartender, Noreen Kiley will be competing in her first cocktail competition tomorrow night, Tuesday 12/15 at Biltmore Bar and Grill. We hope to see you there to support Noreen. Also, we're accepting reservations on OpenTable or by phone for Monday, 12/21, when our Sous Chef, Edson Chavez takes over the kitchen for "A Taste of Peru" pop-up dinner featuring Ceviche, Tiradito, Anticucho, Papas a la Huancaina, and other traditional Peruvian dishes. Join us for a great night to kick off Christmas week. Holiday hours and gift certificate info available by clicking on the link. Cheers., Golden delicious Maine Bay Scallops with parsnip purée, brioche crumbs and hazelnuts, Continuing our yearly tradition of opening the Monday before the Christmas holiday, we'd like to invite you to join us December 21st for some tapas style plates and larger plates to share. Ceviche, Tiradito, Anticucho, and Papas a la Huancaina are just a few of the traditional dishes of Peru that will be on offer, as well as some cocktails with Peruvian flair #piscobar #limainnewtoncentre, Green Circle Chickens from D'Artagnan are raised humanely on a diet of vegetable scraps from commercial kitchens and farmers markets in the pursuit of a more chicken-y tasting chicken. 

In a blind tasting, The New York Times declared the flesh "tender and tast[ing] of herbs; even the white meat was soft and delicate, while the dark meat was silky. The fat was yellow rather than white, and had a rich, almost gamy flavor that infused the skin." 

We invite you to try it for yourself. Our Green Circle Statler Chicken Breast comes with parsnip puree, spinach, mushroom Madeira thyme jus, heightening the vegetal and herbaceous flavors of the meat., Pan seared scallops with cauliflower purée,roasted carrots, pearl onions and mushrooms with spinach #FTDayboat #u10, Come on down for our #FTDayboat fish special for this evening: Pan roasted north Atlantic cod, cauliflower purée, harissa roasted mushrooms & native fall vegetables., 8-hour braised lamb shanks being prepped for Hand Rolled Tagliatelle on our dinner menu, w/Red Wine Lamb Shank Ragu, Greens, and Parmigiano-Reggiano. Perfect night for this dish. Cheers., Its all about our vegetarian button mushroom bolognese, Grilled swordfish over a ginger broth and soba with shiitakes, turnips and carrots #FTDayboat, Happy Thanksgiving! We are closed for service today, but please join us tomorrow for a Black Friday Brunch from 11-3 or dinner from 5-10, Proud to be a #PieInTheSky baker & support Community Servings this #Thanksgiving! Buy your pie by Sat 11/21: pieinthesky.org, Bowl of oyster & littleneck chowder w/brioche croutons. $13 lunch special!, #FTDayboat for today brings you a pan-seared John Dory fillet atop a rich oyster/littleneck/cauliflower chowder, Today is the last day to order a complete Thanksgiving dinner for four or more. Get those orders in today!, Doing the Turkey work can be cause for alarm for some people. Eater Boston is guiding the hapless to those who can help (including yours truly!). Can we save the day for you?, Brined, roasted turkey breast for our lunch salad with cranberry wensleydale, almonds, slow roasted carrots, sherry vinaigrette on butter lettuce., #FTDayboat for this Saturday evening: Pomegranate BBQ Swordfish, sweet potato wedges, charred rabe, pomegranate seeds, sunchoke chips., Kick off your weekend with something a little special.  Nibble and nosh your way through our house made Charcuterie plate: (clockwise from top left) pumpkin hummus, pork country pate, crabapple cheese, Clothbound cheddar, Middlebury Blue, rabbit rillettes, cornichons  and grain mustard., Big thanks to the Eat Up New England blog for visiting us and posting some sweet shots and spreading the good word! We do appreciate it!
http://www.eatupnewengland.com/2015/11/blog-post.html, Our young artist is making fantastic progress this beautiful Halloween Day on his entry for the Newton Community Pride Halloween Window Painting Contest! Rainbows give us good feels, and we'll be carrying that with us the rest of the day!, Thank you for the kind words in the attached link from 10/25, Jason P. 

Join us for lunch, dinner or brunch soon. And leave the cooking to us on Thanksgiving. We still have a limited number of prepared dinners for sale. Please email or message us for details. Have a great weekend., The best thing about our Complete Feasts prepared hot and fresh for your guests Thanksgiving morning:  You get to skip the stress, the crowds and the lines of that last minute grocery run. Maybe sit down with a glass of  wine and enjoy your family instead. Isn't that better?, Pan roasted skin-on North Atlantic cod with grilled Allandale Farm rapini and herb-sautéed baby fingerlings. Charred lemon, natch. It's tonight's  #FTDayboat, baby, of course it's good., Thank you for your patience while we were addressing our technical issues with OpenTable. We're now fully-functional and have some availability this weekend at the link below. Also, we read and value all respectful comments on all amateur review sites, as we're always looking to improve. As always, feel free to contact us directly to address any issues.

Here's an Open Table review from October 10th: "What a wonderful first experience at Farmstead Table! Had heard good things about it and took an out-of-town friend for dinner during a visit. It was a delightful meal from start to finish - hard to choose among the tantalizing things on the menu, and nothing disappointed. Lovely to have a variety of small plates to share, each made carefully with complementary flavors. Good selection of things for the gluten-challenged. Excellent execution on everything and we both appreciated the effort placed on local ingredients. Nice wine list, quiet enough for easy conversation; all in all a great meal. Will definitely return." Have a great weekend., Come on in and enjoy a civilized meal with a side of fun and interesting, audible conversation. Thanks to Harvard Magazine for including us in this piece about Boston area restaurants with acoustics conducive to conversation. Cheers. #DineNewton #KeepItSimple  http://harvardmagazine.com/2015/11/dinner-without-the-din, Our OpenTable connection issues have been resolved (Thanks, Associated Voice and Data Services of Waltham!) and we would be most pleased to take your online reservations once again! Thanks for your patience in the past few days!, Friends, we are still experiencing difficulties with our connection to Open Table and are working to resolve the problem. Please give us a call at 617-928-6000 to make or change reservations. We apologize for any inconvenience., We enjoyed partnering with our Newton restaurant neighbors on Thursday to support the Newton Food Pantry. Thanks to everyone who volunteered, attended, and stopped by to say hello. #DineNewton, Friends, we are experiencing difficulties with our connection to Open Table at this time. Please give us a call at 617-928-6000 to make or change reservations., Still some early and late reservations to be had for tonight and tomorrow night! 

And don't forget about brunch! You'll want to make a reservation now for Saturday and Sunday morning.

Welcome visiting Mustang Parents--we have a special discount for Fall Festival Weekend guests #MtIdaCollege, Looking forward to joining our restaurant industry brothers and sisters tomorrow night to support our local community partners. Please stop by and say hello if you are attending this sold-out event. Cheers., How about fish for dinner? Delicate, buttery plaice with a hearty sauté of carrots, mushrooms and greens. Head on over this is the "plaice" for a satisfying #SundaySupper, Special for this weekend: a 12 ounce Sirloin Strip Steak with Onion "Soubise" Charred Local Broccoli and Potato Puree. All vegetarian fed, no antibiotics. Get the #grillmarks, no regret., We offer a full beverage program including lively, seasonal, cocktails, a well-curated wine list, and an eclectic selection of craft beers., Once again it's that time to get your orders in for a complete stress-free feast prepared hot and fresh for you on Thanksgiving. We sold out last year, so don't delay! Call for details 617-928-6000, Day off we were harvestin' at HoneyPot Hill Orchard in Stowe and, Tacos with autumn flair for #nationaltacoday! Featuring crispy Brussels sprouts and apples., Pan roasted native swordfish with early fall succotash: sweet corn, red bell peppers, green and yellow beans, carrots, scarlet turnips #FTDayboat, A sampling of our harvest time offerings, Such a pleasure to receive produce like this: greens and carrots so crisp and smooth from Newton Community Farm, the plumpest tomatoes and fragrant thyme from Allandale Farm. It's a delight to the senses even before tasting!, #FTDayboat, We were busy this summer! We've been trying to catch little bits of sunshine here and there to save for drearier days, and soon they'll be available to you., #FTDayboat: Pan seared line caught swordfish, ginger soy mushroom broth, carrots, radishes, greens, buckwheat noodles, Any guesses of the origin of the name of the veg from Allandale Farm Chef Andrew is prepping for dinner?, Word to our eminently wise friends: get your brunch reservations in early this week, as it is #BCParents Weekend and we are filling up fast! We wouldn't want you to miss out!, Spaghetti squash, slow roasted tomato and feta quiche are juuuuust about ready to go in the oven, Twice baked sweet potato with truffle honey and whipped butter, Beautiful day today! Get out and enjoy! But first, coffee. 

Brunch begins at 11., A sampling of some of our recent dinner offerings featuring fresh local ingredients in some of Autumn's vibrant colors, Pan roasted Scottish salmon, sautéed summer greens, beech mushrooms over a Jerusalem artichoke purée #FTDayboat, We've been hearing that people are having trouble viewing our current dinner menu on our website today, so please accept our apologies and take a look see here!, A sample of our Brunch menu served every Saturday from 11-3 and Sunday from 10-3. Our menu changes frequently, based on seasons and sourcing fresh ingredients., Follow us on Instagram and Twitter @FarmsteadTable. Thank you., Happy Labor Day folks! We are here today for brunch and dinner to help you get your holiday weekend groove on and will be closed tomorrow on Labor Day. We look forward to seeing you soon., Our Fish of the Day: John Dory, with Creamed Corn, Cranberry Beans, Snow Peas, Basil and Cherry Tomato., Plans this weekend?, Dear me! 
It appears that we are having a telephone outage at this time. Please be patient with us until Comcast gets the lines running again. Unfortunately, until they do, online reservations at Open Table are also down. We apologize for any inconvenience!, But we'll be back real soon!   (5 p.m. to be exact), Dear Friends, 

Wednesday morning September 2, we will be closed for lunch service while we attend to a few maintenance issues. We will be  open for dinner at 5 pm. Please come visit us then!, Charles River Center bringing us sunshine every week...., ex·cess:
1. an amount of something that is more than necessary or permitted.
2. lack of moderation in an activity, especially eating or drinking., http://instagram.com/p/6qDzekq2_L/, Think we'll stick with our free market maple syrup from Littleton, NH

http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/08/23/business/international/canadian-maple-syrup-producers-clash-with-law.html?_r=0&referrer=, https://instagram.com/p/6aN1GWDxC_F6vJftVZBaAT-tAKW6O77Dg4Swo0/, It's Patio Time. Let's get serious now. Peach lemonade., Birthdays.... We're getting better, not older, right?, Black Raspberry Lemonade. Could barely pry it out of my mouth to take the picture. We're killing it summer style., #Beenjammin', Madeira. Braised. Apricots. 
Shall I go on, my dear? 

Farro, arugula, thyme, Giannone Statler chicken...,, Saluting the #classof2015 tomorrow, we are open for dinner on Monday May 18! Come on by, bring your folks, toast your accomplishment! #BC2015  #BU2015, Like our burger? Come get it because after tonight it's going on a brief hiatus from the dinner menu., RI Squid, baby greens, olives, charred lemon, rosemary, garlic. Because they have farms in Greece too., Lots of changes to our dinner menu tonight, spring flavors in full swing!, If you picked sometime next week for our #patio pool you should be feeling pretty good about your odds. Just saying., Brunch special coming up this weekend: lamb patty melt with Harissa aioli. Sour Cherry Bellini not included but recommended., Thanks to everyone who joined our patio pool! We'll contact the winner soon. Hopefully., Forget the snow, let's focus on Spring flavors! Today's quiche: green garlic, asparagus and goat cheese., Fish & Chips Friday! Today's fry is Lemon Sole, come get it before it's gone., #NewBeerAlert .Evil Twin Brewing Yin & Yang Black & Tan. Have it with our Lamb Sandwich., Because 
Rhubarb + 3.14 = Pi Day

Ergo
introducing tomorrow, March 14,

Montgomery Rhubarb Pie,
for your delectation, null, Tonight's Fish Tasting!, Tonight's Fish Tasting Menu!
3 Course- $38

Golden Beet Borscht
dill, crème friache, smoked trout

Arctic Char Tartare
meyer lemon, chive, gaufrettes, bergamot oil

Fisherman's Stew
cod, shrimp, scallops, fingerlings, tomato, leeks, herb, Shrimp, Pork Belly, and Grits brunch special. Beat that. You can't., Why reserve fish for Friday? Everyday from now until Easter we will be serving up a delicious 3-course fish tasting you'll be singing praises for. #digoutdineout, Friends were gonna close for brunch today so that the city can dig us all out again. Were very hopeful to open for dinner tonight., Wow, we are so feeling the love tonight! Thank you to all you delightful people who braved the snow to come out and visit us--and please, Get Home Safely!, Early birds will catch their worm today...we have extended our brunch hours earlier to open at 10 am!

Happy Valentine's Day, you lovelies!, If you're up to your ears with HUNKERING and are now HUNGERING, we are poised and ready for you with our burgers and other lunch favorites, which has been known to kick the butt of any winter blahs., There IS parking in Newton Centre. Huzzah for lifted parking bans!, Winter happens. Nothing a cozy little lunch can't fix., Friends, We will be closed for lunch today. See you at 5pm for regular dinner service. Thank you., Come in for a sneak peak of the Jack's Abby beer dinner menu! Tonight's menu highlight, Venison Sausage!, null, Tonight's fish special: Sole, roasted artichokes, shitake mushrooms, pumpkin purée., Open, yes we are OPEN for lunch and dinner today. 

Come on out! Digging out puts on a fair appetite, but we are equal to it!, http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/64/SnowyDayKeats.jpg

We are secretly just a leeeetle bit excited about tomorrow.

We'll miss you! Come and see us on Wednesday, when we will be open! 

Until then, cozy up with a good book..., We are open! We have brunch! Come by!, Can't wait to get me some of those Chat-style wings at The Dudley Chateau tonight! Going light on lunch in anticipation..., Baby it's cold outside. Let us warm you up with some Chicken Meatball Soup! Available on tonight's dinner menu!, null, http://lowres.jantoo.com/industry-carpentry-constructors-building-builders-carpenter-68138199_low.jpg

That's ok. We're just doing our floors! We'll be back open for lunch on Thursday., HAPPY NEW YEAR to all our friends! Thank you all so much for a truly successful year! See you all for NYD brunch at 11am....., Friends NYE is only a few days away and we have a halibut from our friends at Captain Marderns, big bag of oysters anyway you want them, veal saltimboca and our entire regular dinner menu available all night! Oh and a handful of reservations left as well! Get em while you can..., Warmest holiday wishes from everyone at Farmstead Table! 

We will be spending Christmas Eve and Christmas Day cherishing our loved ones, and we will be back for our Post Christmas Brunch at 11 AM on Friday. 

Merry Merry Merry Merry Christmas!, Join us for a dinner "Feast of the Seven Fishes" style! This coming Monday night December 22nd from 5-9pm, we will be offering an a la carte menu inspired by the Italian tradition. A few highlights include:

Grilled Rainbow Trout, stuffed with Fennel & Onions
Lobster Fra Diavolo 
Pan Roasted John Dory with Olives, Capers, and Anchovies
Smoked Trout Salad with Horseradish Dressing

Reservations are encouraged. Give us a call or find us on OpenTable!, Hey everyone we are adding DAY AFTER CHRISTMAS BRUNCH to the rotation!  Get them resys in quick, sure to be a sellout!, Sick of Turkey yet? We've got Hake from Cape Ann Fresh Catch coming in tomorrow morning!! See you then!, Ok everyone, we are down to one Complete Feast! The lines are open. Call now to reserve the relaxing Thanksgiving you've always dreamed of!, http://instagram.com/p/vqwL-bq2_F/, They're almost gone! Reserve one while you still can!, In case you were wondering, around about 9 AM is when the weekly run on brunch reservations really heats up. In case you wanted you wanted to, you know, beat the rush..., Check out these greens Greg at Newton Community Farm is growing in the green house for his CSA'S and for us!, http://instagram.com/p/u0o3p1q2yC/, https://twitter.com/FarmsteadTable/status/528263852484739072/photo/1, Sweater Weather. Cozy Chats. Delicious Tea. A Welcome Treat., Scallion-Maple Griddle Cakes. Crispy Duck Confit. Apple Butter. Love., Comings and goings: 
We are mourning the loss of our door man extraordinaire of the past two years, Brett Murray. He has been universally adored and eternally unflappable, and we fully expect him to return one day, the mild mannered physician in a white lab coat with perhaps a superhero cape tucked underneath.

Mitigating the loss is our new door hero, Gabe Bellegard Bastos, who comes to us by way of Ribelle and Eater Boston. He is already shaking things up around Farmstead Table with exciting new ideas and energy--we are very lucky to have him. Welcome aboard, Gabe!, If lox could kill..., Luscious pickings at the Needham Farmers Market today!, Sorry to say that we won't be able to host you for brunch this morning.

We are having mechanical issues, but we will be ready to go by dinner time and brunch tomorrow! http://ow.ly/BawN3, Tickets to our FEAST for a CAUSE are going fast! Grab yours before they're gone by visiting the link below, stopping by, or giving us a call! , Here's a Sunday puzzler for you: Our Brunch menu has two five-letter ingredients that are anagrams of each other. First person to figure out both words wins a free popover!

*hint: our current brunch menu is posted on our website*, null, Lovely Zea mays... #KneeHighByJuly, Happy 4th of July! We are out dodging raindrops and other standard Independence Day activities...We'll be open for lunch and dinner tomorrow! Enjoy!, Romance of June..., Farmstead Table Brunchers: Croissants are going on vacay for the summer, so say goodbye this Sunday on Father’s Day! Almond, Pain au Chocolat, Morning Bun, Sandwich, get them til they’re gone. Oh Daddy dear, you know you’re still #1... http://ow.ly/i/5RPrK, null, Remember those coooooold winter days back in February? We've been waiting for a day like this! Don't let it slip away..., Yet more uses for kale..., It's not a dream your having, we are in fact open tonight because all our friends at BC are graduating today!! Come on in and enjoy dinner till 8pm!!, Two of the best Moms that anyone could ask for...much love and gratitude!, Nahanton Street, 6 AM. Happy Mother's Day!, Turn and burn ..., Maple Walnut Morning Bun for brunch this morning...how can you not feel cheerful saying "morning bun"?, Until @The_NHood_Farm starts bringing us "forgotten" rhubarb gleaned from local backyards, this hothouse variety..., We're sorry, we know the suspense must be killing you... This weekends #BBG 2102 Branko "Collio" Fruliano! $14 Tonight and Saturday ONLY!, This Sunday will be your last chance for apple croissants and apple tarts until next fall! 

It's getting to be time to do the spring thing..., Shaking things up this morning...Cajeta French Toast? French Omelet with Maplebrook Cheese Curds and Asparagus? It's the new brunch menu, people!, The 'after' photo. Fluke never looked so good., Look who's coming for dinner...

(it's a fluke!), Polish your glass, this weekend's #BBG is Chateau des Rontets, Pouilly-Fuisse! $17/gl this Friday and Saturday. Don't miss it!, Did you know our menu features many half size entree portions? You can share them or just have a light dinner and a nice glass of wine!! What could be better..., Spring is coming. 
Believe it.

Baby Spring Vegetable Crudites with Herb Dip #PetiteFare, Don't miss this weekend's #BBG (Bottle by the Glass)! $15/glass tonight and tomorrow ONLY!, Have you met the hardworking Farmstead Table management team?, Folks, we are sadly closed for lunch today. But we are shoveling our way to the restaurant in hopes of opening at 5pm for dinner as usual! !, Happy Sunday Everyone!, It's almost Valentine's Day and there’s no greater feeling than love! We, love food. So come share our love with your love on the day of love (That’s a lot of love). Reservations recommended. Heart candies and boxed valentines encouraged., It's cold outside today! But its warm and cozy in here! We are featuring a soup of pureed Winter Roots today and as always our Warm and Hearty Braise of the day - Braised Lamb Neck Ragu-
Give us a call for a reservation!, Farmstead Table family bowling night a rousing success...thanks for joining in on the fun! Anyone get any good pictures? And watch out for the team of Andrew and Lisa...formidable!, Farmstead Table will be closed this evening Thursday January 16th for a private function; we apologize for the inconvenience. 

Come on by for lunch!, Big props to our wonderful staff who sent Chad and me out for an evening of dining at Sycamore last night! The chorizo croquettas and the braised squid are not to be missed!, Perhaps we should call it "The Classic": Tomato Bisque with sourdough croutons and Parmesan. Grilled spelt bread and Vermont cheddar sandwich. And because we love ya, a macadamia chocolate chip cookie. Perfect., January thaw dug chanteney carrots from our Needham garden. They will be paired with braised lamb Denver ribs for dinner tomorrow night! ! Give us a call for reservations!!, Housemade "Nutella", Caramelized Bananas, and Amaretto whipped Creme Friache. Available until 3pm today!, Sidewalk is clear, prep has begun! We open @5pm. Its a good night for a soup of pureed winter roots!! Give us a call for a reservation., We'll be closing today at 3pm due to inclement weather and will re-open for dinner service tomorrow at 5pm. Stay warm and safe everyone!, Happy 2014! Start your year off right with a touch of sweetness..., Due to popular demand!! We are now opening for Brunch at 10am on New Years Day to make more room for all our friends and families!! Please call us for a reservation!, Don't forget that we are open for Brunch on New Years Day. Sharon s hand made Croissants turned into the best Egg Sandwich you've ever had!!, A respite from the triple creme, bacon lardoned, crispy-fried, flavored butter madness of the holidays: Post-Holiday Detox Salad. Pretty, crunchy, earthy, perfectly satisfying., No NYE plan's yet? We still have space available! We are featuring our regular menu plus some thoughtfully themed specials like hudson valley duck two ways and shellfish platter with jonah crab claws, baked stuffed taylor bay scallops and oysters on the half shell., @FarmsteadTable: Thank you to everyone who came out tonight in support of Lovin' Spoonfuls. We had a blast!, It's family style pasta night tonight! We open at 4pm with a few more tables left. Come help us support lovin' spoonfulls!!!, Hungry? Chad's got an egg and cheese with bacon on a hand made croissant with your name on it., Don't miss out on Farmstead Table's Spicy Lobster Arrabiatta with hand-cut Fettuccini or Braised Mushroom Ragu with Potato Gnocchi served family-style Monday December 23rd to benefit Lovin' Spoonfuls! There are still reservations available, we'll save you some Zuccotto Cake!, Accounts differ on the origin of the Reuben Sandwich: Omaha, Nebraska? NYC? 

Originating at FST today for lunch: the Corned Turkey Reuben $15 with a choice of hand cut fries or a green salad. Griddled goodness, oh yeah., You're invited to a family-style pasta night at Farmstead Table! Join us Monday December 23rd for a fun filled evening of noodles and 'nog as we celebrate the holidays! Plus, wear an Ugly Sweater and we'll donate 50% of the profits from your meal to Lovin' Spoonfuls!, Our sidewalks are cleared! You might need a spicy veggie egg bowl to warm up after all that shoveling. Lift with your legs and head on over., Tried our new burger 'n' brew? It's all kinds of perfect..., This morning we welcomed an addition to our croissant family, Apple., Join us for Small Business Saturday today and receive a $10 statement credit hen you use your registered AMEX card!, Warmest wishes for a Happy Thanksgiving, from our family you yours! We're closed today to spend time with loved ones, but will be here to serve you and yours all weekend. Call for reservations!, Want to check out our current menu before you stop in? Our website is under construction, but you can find it at Open Table! Check under the "menu" tab at www.opentable.com/farmstead-table:, Last call for Turkey Day orders! Don't miss out on what could make your spread spectacular! Call for information!, Proudly displaying another original watercolor by Kylie Wolgamott. Check out her stunning artwork at www.littlesparrowstudio.com, S'Mores. Come and get it., Thanksgiving can be a BIRDen. We can help! Our Turkey Day Take-Out menu will have your quests gobbling it up!
Pre-Order by Nov. 21st; pick-up on Thanksgiving.
 
Sides:
Autumn Squash Bisque   $14
Pancetta Roasted Brussels Sprouts   $25/$40
Braised Kale   $25/$40
Cranberry-Chestnut Stuffing   $25/$40
Butternut Puree   $12
Port Wine Cranberry Chutney   $14

Small tray serves 5, large serves 10
 
Pies:
Pumpkin or Pecan   $39, If you get while its still around we are featuring Vermont Raised Veal  Milanese with roasted Allandale Farm Carrots, NCF Mustard Greens and Grilled Lemon tonight!! #everythingisfromnewenglad, Tonight's special salad brought to you by Newton Community Farms!, Pour you a drink, stranger?, Do your pre-game proper with a perfectly grilled all-natural burger and a beer for $16! Available all day until 6:30! #gosox #soxtober, Tonight's Cod is quite the catch!, Our connection to Open Table has been reestablished! Reserve at will! Reserve early! Reserve often!, Hi everyone, it seems our open table connection is down. Please pardon us while we work to get it back up. If you would like to make reservations please call the restaurant at 617-928-6000, Picking up the star ingredient for our hot mulled cider! Get your mugs ready!, Hey Friends! Get your grub on late night with our Extra Innings menu, available until MIDNIGHT after evening home games through #soxtober!, Our in house forager (that would be Chef Chad) has returned with some found treasures. The oak trees won't miss these chicken of the woods and hen of the woods mushrooms...., Hey Folks, When you visit the restaurant and don't see the All Natural Burger on the menu please ask. We still have it available upon request. We had to make room for the Roast Autumn Squash on the menu!!, Farmer's Breakfast Board: Housemade Garlic Sausage, 2 Over-Easy Eggs, Homefries, Griddled Spelt Bread, House-Fermented Hot Sauce, Remember the half roasted Acorn Squash? We just recieved our first delivery of fall Squash from our friends at Allandale farm. Lots of new menu changes happening tonight!!, We're having a temporary problem with our open table connection and apologize for any inconvenience. Please call us for any reservation inquiries!, Kids are back to school... now it's time to Un-Wine'd!, With love..., Is there a variety of tomato called "Allandale Gold?" Well, maybe there should be. Sample the bounty this week with our three-course vegetarian tasting menu., Check it out! Two weeks only!, Come by this week for unofficial restaurant week menu...., Just got a sneak peek of our all vegetarian Restaurant Week menu! Can you say, mouth watering? Don't forget to make reservations!, Many thanks to our wonderful friends at Panther Wines!, Come and celebrate our First birthday!!!, Have you made your reservations for tomorrow yet? There are just a few left and we don't want anyone to miss out! I mean, it's cake, by Sharon. What more motivation do you need?!, Come and celebrate ONE year with us!!!, We're turning ONE!! To celebrate, this upcoming Wednesday the 31st we'll be offering a slice of birthday cake (made by Sharon Burns herself) to each guest that dines with us! It's our way of saying "thank you" to all of our loyal patrons, because without you, we would've never made it this far! Give us a call, or reserve on Open Table., Be sure to wish Mohammed a Happy Birthday while you're in today! He'll be here rockin out on cold station until your brunch needs are fulfilled., Steak and Eggs sound good to you? Us too! Stop in for a Sirloin Club Steak, Over Easy Eggs, and Herbed Yukons; from now until 3pm!, New to the menu tonight: Chilled Summer Borscht. #realsoupwearspink, What do you do when a lb. of Black Sweet Cherries appears? Make a smash! Tonight's drink special: Bourbon Cherry Smash. #comeandgetit, The patio is open, the bacon is cooking, and the Bloody Mary's are flowing! Join us for brunch until 3pm today!, Tis the season...for Local Striped Sea Bass!, Nerdy about native produce? So are our chefs! Look for a completely vegetarian restaurant week menu to celebrate the bounty of the season!, Tonight's special- Summer Berry Salad! Arugula, Almonds, Strawberries, Raspberries, Blueberries and Middlebury Blue. Antioxidants never tasted so good!, Thanks Boston.com Arts and Entertainment, Two new Summery additions to our dinner menu-don't miss these! 

Chilled Cucumber and Watercress Soup-topped with Jonah Crab Meat and finished with chili oil.  

Local Tomato Salad (heirloom and regular pictured here) with Maplebrook Burrata, basil pesto, balsamic and evoo.

Dinner is served!, Hey all! Farmstead Table will be closed Tuesday, July 2nd until Friday, July 5th for the Holiday, as well as some renovations to better the restaurant and your experience here. 
Have a great holiday week, and we will see you Friday!, We proudly support these local farms!, Dinner plans tomorrow night? Look no further, we have a few tables open! 
Call the restaurant or visit www.OpenTable.com to make a reservation!, Cool off with one of our refreshing cocktails!, And on the seventh day..there was brunch., Soup and salad du jour-accompanied by a popover. Just one of the many great lunch items on our menu!

Featured here:
Tomato Bisque topped with herbs and Parmesan; a salad of arugula tossed in balsamic vinaigrette, local strawberries, and French feta cheese., Wild Sea Bass. How delicious does THAT look?, Sip on Summer! Join us on the patio for our newest addition: Chef's Hard Lemonade., A Wine Cap Mushroom is also known as a burgundy mushroom or a 'garden giant' because of its dark purple color and size. 
We get ours from Lennox, MA. Stop in tomorrow to see what they're all about!, Happy National Burger Day! Stop by our patio to celebrate with 10 ounces of all natural ground beef with smoked cheddar, horseradish sweet onion bacon aioli, hand-cut fries AND a side of greens. $15 tonight only!, Tune into Chronicle on WCVB Channel 5 tonight!!!!, Thanks for coming by Zagat Survey!, Veal Scallopini with fingerlings, oyster mushrooms, artichokes and native fiddleheads.  
Just one of our delicious specials tonight!, Grilled spring Amish-raised chicken with pan roasted baby spring vegetables; pistachios and goat cheese atop a petite field green salad, tossed in a balsamic vinaigrette. 

A special today, on the menu tomorrow. Come enjoy the taste of spring!, Just wait until you see our amazing patio!! Hoping for next week or this weekend! Come early, its sure to fill quickly., Farmstead Table will be closed for dinner service this evening. Everyone stay safe tonight., We are closed for lunch today. Be safe everyone., Vermont pasture raised beef tenderloin-roasted with fingerling potatoes, and shiitake mushrooms. Also served with braised leeks and first of the season Allandale Farms baby carrots. 
Who's hungry?, Your brioche lamb burger buns are ready. See you tonight!, Commercial value aside, Morels are hunted by thousands of people every year simply for their taste and the joy of the hunt., Thanks Zagat Survey!, Let us take care of your Easter brunch plans!!! Call for a reservation., Still a few spot left for Easter Brunch..... call ASAP to RSVP!, Thanks Village14 Newton, MA!!!, We made it to ROUND 2!!!! Vote VOTE VOTE Vote Vote for us!!! Please!!!, VOTE FOR US!!!!!!, New neighbors, and gorgeous fresh flowers. Thank you bloomsbury park-and welcome to Newton Centre!, Never say we don't fact check...enjoyed the lively debate on whether to refer to the good people of Newton as "Newtonites" or Newtonians" http://bit.ly/YlY5FD, Newtonites and Newtonians, we will be open for lunch today at 11! Grilled Shelburne Farms cheddar on spelt bread sounds pretty good on a day like this...or a cup of root vegetable minestrone?, Cancellations; unfortunate for us, but great for you!
6pm for two, 7:45 & 8:15 for up to 4. Give us a call, we'd love to accommodate you! 
(617) 928-6000, 7 p.m. on a Saturday may require some advance planning, but how about Wednesday or Thursday? We have openings for parties of two or four if you'd like to join us mid-week.... http://bit.ly/YdLcwC, Char Grilled Lamb Burger with salsa Verde and a side salad of baby spinach and red beet pickles for a special tonight., Had some cancellations! We have room for you-give us a call! 617-928-6000, Hear ye: City of Newton declared another parking meter holiday for tomorrow (Wednesday). http://bit.ly/XzfRAO Much appreciated!, Today's fish....Swordfish., Hey Friends, due to Nemo we will be closed today. Stay safe and warm!, We will be closed all day tomorrow... hopefully re-opening on saturday evening at 5pm if the weather and snow plows (and city parking ban) cooperate., null, colors of farmstead table, Rosemary and Espelette Pepper Grilled Local Albacore Tuna with olive oil braised artichokes for a menu addition tonight!!, Thanks TV Diner! , We had a cancellation for tonight--two tables for four have opened up at 6:30 pm!, Rosemary and Garlic braised Berkshire Pork Shanks tonight along with seared Gulf of Maine Diver Scallops for our fish special!!, http://blog.zagat.com/2012/12/farmstead-table-features-cabot.html, A reminder that we are closed for lunch tomorrow December 26th, but come in and see a few new menu items for lunch on the 27th!!, Last minute gift cards will be available tomorrow from 10 am to noon!!, So we are still getting in tons of locally grown produce from Allandale Farms in Brookline Ma. New for this weekend we have winter luxury pumpkins and baby purple top turnips the size of quarters!
I think tomorrow we are going to do a luxury pumpkin and Nantucket bay scallop gratin for an appetizer special and we will be using the turnips in the fish of the day dish which will be silver hake from our friends at Cape Ann Community Supported Fisheries.
Its December 21st, the world did not end and everything on the fish tomorrow is STILL LOCALLY GROWN!! Does it get any better?, Thanks for this @Zagat!!!, Thanks for including us Mc Slim Jb! , Best of the New.. thanks Boston.com!, Best of the New- Thanks The Boston Globe!, Chalkboard specials... get them while their hot!, Also, look who came in for dinner tonight!! Cape Ann halibut with heirloom pumpkin puree, seared brussels sprouts, fingerling potatoes, and smoked bacon!, Tonight's burger special: Grass fed burger with smoked cheddar and horseradish sauce- YUM!, According to Google, we finally exist! Thanks, Ashley!, Last minute dinner plans? We have three tables at 6 pm open due to a large party cancelling--we've got you covered!, Plans for NYE yet?!?!? Well we are offering a delicious New Year’s Eve Prix Fixe Menu. $75 per person includes a champagne toast 5pm, 7pm, 9pm seating’s
Reservations recommended, Thanks Zagat Survey!, Just an FYI to our friends and guests. WE will be closed for a private party on December 6th! Look forward to seeing everyone soon!!!, Are you thankful for Farmstead Table Restaurant - Boston.com is!, Holidays are upon us... come by and get giftcards for your loved ones! , Thanks Eater Boston!, Thanks for the review The Boston Globe!!!, Great review in the current Improper Bostonian! We work with a group of truly dedicated and passionate people and it shows!, Pan roasted Vermont quail with roast quince, spelt, kale chips and sage honey for an app special tonight., Gift cards available for the holiday season!!!!, Were looking for a team playing line cook if any knows anybody!!, Thanks for coming in Boston Magazine!!!, We're closed for lunch today! Sorry to do it, but we're having trouble getting food deliveries. We'll be open for dinner at 5!, New dinner menu!!!, Thanks for coming in Boston.com!, Thanks for coming in Just Add Cheese!!!, Guess who foraged these Hen of the Woods Mushrooms?, Thanks Mc Slim Jb and Eater Boston! , Thanks MC Slim JB and @thephoenix.com!, Thanks @BC Heights!!!, Check out our newest menu!!!, Thanks Bully Boy Distillers!!! , Who has seen today's The Boston Globe?!?!, Check out what came in this week.... now what to do with it?!, Tonight's special cocktail... quite fitting- Dark & Stormy!, null, Thanks for coming by... check out this great blog!, Hey Open Table Diners, Thanks for putting us on top of your top Neighborhood Gem picks for Boston/New England! http://www.opentable.com/best-new-england-restaurants?li=421&topic=Neighborhood+Gem, Thanks for coming through Newton Patch!, Check out our NEW lunch menu!!, A listing of bars in Boston with no TV. Should we add our name? http://eatyourtv.wordpress.com/directory/, Thyme basted Silver Hake with Late Summer Vegetable steamed in Vegetable Stock and Lemon Chive Vinaigrette. Our fish special this evening..., Don't forget that we open for lunch tomorrow at 11am!!, We would like to give a shout out to Terry and Warren O'Reilly at Terry O'Reilly's Pub just down the street on their opening tonight!!, Sorry everyone, we actually open for lunch on Wednesday the 5th. Sorry for the confusion., Tonight's fish is Pan Seared Haddock with Sweet Corn Sauce, baby farm carrots, Oyster Mushrooms and Pee Wee Potatoes..., We are opening for lunch on Tuesday September 5th!!, Finally breaking out the Pasta maker, watch for some hand made pasta staring next week!!, Tonights fish is Faroe Island Salmon with Native Sweet Corn, Baby Potatoes, Roasted Bell Peppers and Lemon Herb Broth., Have you tried out Yellow Watermelon Martini?!, Our sign is finally here and going up this morning!!, Tonight's fish special is Line Caught Massachusetts Swordfish with Native Sweet Corn, Yellow Beans and a Heirloom Tomato Tarragon Butter Sauce!! Also, we have Stewed Count Neck Clams with House Made Pancetta, Tomatoes and a Garlic White Wine broth for an appetizer special!!, Fish special this evening is Cape Ann CSF Monk-fish Mediterranean Style with Olive Oil Sauteed Zucchini, Green and Yellow Wax Beans, Heirloom Cherry Tomatoes, Lemon vinaigrette and Crispy Capers... All of the produce is from our friends from Newton Community Farm here in Newton!!, The Pork Loin is here and in brine for dinner tomorrow!!, Hi Everyone, Tonight I have Beautiful Monk-fish with Fennel Cream, Sweet Corn, Beans and Baby Carrots for our fish special!!, Starting tomorrow I will have in house our very first Vermont pasture raised Pork Loin!! I'm thinking a nice Brown Sugar Brine and some Native Swiss Chard and Grain Mustard Jus will go nicely with it..., Thanks Zagat Survey!, Check out where your specials are coming from!!, Tonight's fish is Line Caught Swordfish with Chanterelle Mushrooms, Native Sweet Corn and Pickled Shallots. Hope to see you soon!!, Check out the latest menu.. always changing!, Tomorrow we are getting in some Monk fish Tails from our friends at Cape Ann CSF. I'm thinking a little Allandale Farms Fennel will go nicely with that!! Or perhaps some Native Michigan Chantrelles..., Thanks for coming by Thrillist!!! , Tonight's fish is, Thyme basted Seared Line caught Swordfish Steak with Flint farm Sweet corn, Chorizo Sausage and Summer Beans., I wanted to add that our staff is amazing, the cooks are growing and learning everyday. They are kicking it into hi gear!! The servers, well lets just say that if you haven't been here yet your in for a real treat!!, Fish special tonight is..... Pan seared Hake from the Captain Dominic out of Gloucester with Flint Farm Sweet Corn, Maine Lobster and Summer Bean Succotash!!, Hey everyone tonight I have Diver Harvested Sea Scallops for a dinner special!!, Thanks for coming by Newton Patch!! , Hey Fans, take a listen and let us know your thoughts!!! Would you pay a little more for grass-fed beef?, Summer Heirloom Tomato Gazpacho for an Appetizer tonight! Thank you to Farmer Adam and Second Nature Farm for growing the best Heirlooms I've seen yet!!, Hooking up with Brookford Farm!! Watch the menu for some of their cheese next week, and perhaps a Pasture Raised Pork Loin as well!!, Thank you Newton for a very successful opening week!! We are closed on Monday for a recharge, stay tuned for some new dishes on the menu this coming week!! Ahh tomatoes, tomatoes and more tomatoes!!, Pan Roasted Halibut basted with lemon and thyme with native sweet corn, baby farm vegetable fricassee tonight for our fish special!! Come early its sure to sell out quickly!, null, Looking forward to seeing Pure Barre Newton, MA at Farmstead Table Restaurant!! , Thanks Newton Patch!!! , It's official we are open for business... dinner starts at 5pm! Can't wait to meet all of our guests!, To all of our friends who were able to join us last night and tonight to get us ready to open--a great big thank you! To all those who sent luck and well wishes--we feel the warmth of your support! To our fabulous staff who have taken off running as if you'd been doing this every day of your lives--you guys rock!, Thanks Newton Patch can't wait for you to come by.... opening really soon! :-)
, Next week, the window shades are going up! Keep watching..., Secured Health Department sign off today. This. Is. Huge., Our team is really taking shape: a group of talented and dedicated people outstanding in their fields...or are they out, standing in their fields? Our friend Adam Tedeschi of Second Nature Farm is outstanding but usually too busy to be standing around..., Dining room is almost complete--about to burst with excitement! Let's get the kitchen done so we can start cooking!, We were gratified when Globe correspondent Laura E. Franzini contacted us to ask a few questions, but we feel we should clarify that Chad was in fact sous chef at Radius, NOT executive chef as stated in the article. 
http://articles.boston.com/2012-07-05/yourtown/32553538_1_restaurant-pastry-line-cook, Flooring is almost finished, banquettes and window treatments getting installed next week--we are getting close!, Rough plumbing inspection passed yesterday! Huge relief and sense of accomplishment! A big thanks goes to our plumber, Rob Freeman, for all his work. Electrical to come!, Word has gotten out to Boston Restaurant Talks:
http://bostonrestaurants.blogspot.com/2012/05/farmstead-table-to-open-in-newton.html, null, We are under construction, both metaphorically and literally! Keep watching here for updates, cool events and news about our July opening in Newton., null)