List(Jada seriously is the cutest thing!  She insisted on taking a picture with her baby doll, but was willing to let me get a few just of her too ;), Now booking for first communions!  Feel free to share :)
Contact me to book your session today, or for more details!, I absolutely love working with this family!  I did their first child's maternity and newborn photos six years ago, and I'm so blessed to be able to work with them again for this baby boy bundle!  So many cute pictures, you may be seeing more of this session soon!, These three cuties came to see me for the mini sessions on Sunday!, Booking Blitz today!  Message me to get $50 off of your session before 10 pm tonight.  Appointments may be made for March or April!, null, Just a few days away from Valentine's Day!  I have gift certificates available for anyone looking for a different kind of gift that will leave memories for years to come!  Message me today to get yours!, Something about a natural home setting gets me every time :)  I love this couple and their family, so happy I was able to do this session for them yesterday!, If you have claimed the wedding special, please message me ASAP! Facebook is showing me that there are people claiming it, but does not show me who, so you must get in contact with me personally.  Thank you!, Wedding package worth $1375 for just $950!!  Message me for more details!, For all of you last minute gift finders, Moments Forever Photography has gift certificates!   Purchase a session for a friend or a family member or even you to use for yourself!  Prices will be rising in 2016 and this is a great way to save for anybody's next photoshoot, for just $125 you will receive a gift certificate good for one session including CD and travel! Message me now to take advantage of this offer :-), It was such a beautiful day for this outdoor engagement session, I had an amazing time with this couple! :), This home could not have made a better backdrop!  It's beautiful!  I think us adults were much more excited than the kids were for their shoot, but at least we got a few really cute shots!!, So much editing!  Crunch time for Christmas going on over here, but I had to post a little preview ;), When you've known someone for close to half of your life, capturing their essence in a photograph is an amazing feeling., Oh, this niece of mine...beauty, sass and (as she puts it) she's "gooberlicious"  ;), I just love baby bumps!, I've shared pictures that I've taken of my niece before, but this one fills me with so many emotions.  She looks more like 14, not 4!  She needs to stop growing!  My brother is going to have to keep an eye on the boys! ;), I had sooo much fun on this session!  I can't get enough of these simple, relaxed shoots :), I am so in love with this picture!  So happy for this couple awaiting their first baby girl!, Good morning everyone!  I just want to put out a reminder to those of you who are interested in wedding photography for 2016 & 2017, you only have a few weeks left to get your contracts signed and retainers in before the packages are changing!  Lock in the 2015 rates now and message me!, This bride wanted a picture through his ring, I'm so glad she did!  It's beautiful under the rustic pergola he built :), These four girls are amazing to work with, and all beauties to boot!, I can't even take it! How stinking cute!! :), I'm loving all of these mini sessions!, This dapper little guy completely stole my heart!  He was a bit stingy on the smiles, but we got one! :), I always love working with these two boys, they keep me laughing through every session!, Jake wanted nothing more than to take his shoes off for his session...I can't blame him...I prefer to be barefoot too ;), These two little darlings sure gave me, Mom and Dad a run for our money, but still...those faces!  :D, The first of my mini shoots yesterday!  She didn't want much to do with it at first, but, I worked some magic and got some BEAUTIFUL smiles :), I want to thank all of the clients who have worked with me this long weekend! I am working on getting previews out for everyone, please be patient with me!  I will have them out as soon as possible :), If you or someone you know of would like to book a portrait session before Christmas, now is the time!  I've only got THREE session openings left for December!  Message me to claim one!, November 29th minis are now full!  

If you are interested in a mini session for the holidays, please comment below!  I MIGHT open up one more day if there is enough interest!, Finishing up this GORGEOUS session of Miss Lauren, then moving on to some wedding edits!  I'm already missing these fall colors!, For anyone interested in the Christmas minis on November 29th, I only have 4 spaces left available!  Message me as soon as possible to reserve your spot!, Just about as good as it gets!  Caius, you have outdone yourself this time, you adorable little man <3, Sunday November 29th from 10 am to 4 pm I will be holding Christmas minis!! They will be 25 minute sessions, with 7-9 images on cd. I'm going to have a small electric fireplace set up with a mini tree and some gift boxes, so kids can come dressed up or in Christmas pjs! This will be booking super fast, message me right away to save your spot and get more information, Absolutey beautiful <3, Lots of editing going on today, but I had to take a second to post this from yesterday's shoot!, Miss Lauren and I have been creating adorable pictures for a few years now, and her 4th birthday session didn't disappoint!, Had this beautiful little lady for her newborn shoot the other day!, Who's ready to book their holiday photos?!  (I know, I'm not ready either, but the time is here!!)  I know space is going to fill up quick this year, so I'm asking that you book your appointments asap!  You only have 6 WEEKS to get your portraits done and cards printed before the cut off date...quick...message me now!!, <3 <3 <3, Finishing this session up next!  I am so in love with this whole set!!, null, Finished up this gorgeous session today!, This was from my fourth shoot yesterday, little man gave me and Mom a run for our money...but we got gorgeous pics anyway!, I have known this little girl's father for 15 years or so now, and though she is 4 years old, this was our first photo shoot...Trinity rocked it!, I just can't get enough of her!  Jade is absolutely one of the cutest littles I've worked with!, This adorable little man was my first shoot yesterday, and was perfect for the whole thing!, Three amazing shoots down and one more to go!  I LOVE this time of year :), Ahh, I adore these little hams!  And I LOVE fall!!!, I had a wonderful shoot with this beautiful family yesterday!  Such good sports too, it was really windy and chilly out there!!, I'm going to open up FOUR mini sessions on Sunday the 25th for costume kids only!!!  Message me if you would like a space, it will be just $60 for 7-10 images and a half hour shoot :), <3 <3 <3, I couldn't choose which one to post, so why choose at all?!  ;), I just love the bond between these two.  <3, Oh the sweetness :), What a gorgeous day yesterday was for senior portraits!  Isn't she stunning?, Love working with this family, it's nothing but laughs every time :), I am so glad the rain held off Saturday for this wedding!  A beautiful day for a wonderful couple :), One week left! Mini sessions are next Sunday, I have a 2:30 & 3 pm still open, message me to claim one!, I love catching details on a wedding day.  Especially one like this!  This beautiful bride and groom met in a bookstore years ago.  How beautiful is this?, I have 2 more mini sessions open for October 11th and only 3 more full sessions available for weekends in October!  Clients are already booking holiday sessions, so save your date now!, Still have a few openings!  Open to all ages, children, engagements, family and pets welcome!, Had to take a quick little break from editing to share. Such a beautiful couple :), There is nothing sweeter in this world than a newborn.  Welcome to the world Jaxon!, How adorable is this family?  So glad we had wonderful weather for this shoot, I'm going to be sad when winter hits!, I LOVED working with this couple for their wedding last Sunday.  Just beautiful!!, I am offering a reorder sale today only!  If you have had a shoot done with me in 2015 I can offer you a BIG savings on 8x10s, 11x14s and 16x20s if you get your order in by midnight tonight!  8x10s only $3!  11x14s only $10!!  16x20s only $20!!!  That's more than 50% off!  Message me for more info now!, I have two more openings for the fall mini sessions on October 11th!  Please message me directly if you would like to sign up!, Everything about this wedding was love :) I can't wait to show off more pictures!, Busy weekend here!  Getting in all the editing I can today, dropping off an adorable session this afternoon, and two, yes TWO weddings this weekend!  So exciting :), I was doing a little editing before bed, and I had to take a second to post this picture of my son.  He makes me the proudest Mama :)  He's growing into this amazing, caring, smart and thoughtful young man...not to mention handsome too ;)  I can't believe he starts 4th grade tomorrow!, I've been busy editing for days, had to share one before I leave for a family shoot this afternoon :)  He's just too cute!, Some days I feel so blessed to be able to do the work that I do.  Photography is my passion.  A wedding is the most important day in any couple's lives.  To combine the two can be absolutely amazing <3, I took my own son out for a few pictures today (it's rare that I get him to agree to it ;) )  It really is amazing how fast they grow, I'm not ready for him to be this big :'(, This adorable little guy met with me for his first birthday pictures yesterday...so cute!!, Please share!  This event is open to all!  Message me for more information!, Two more hours to get your FREE 8x10!! Make sure to book your appointment by 8 pm to secure your free gift. :), Sign ups for Fall Mini's are here!  Anyone who reserves a spot by 8 pm tomorrow will receive an 8x10 print free!  Message Melissa Moments Forever Photography for details and availability!, Taking the weekend to go camping with my little guy!  I will be back Monday afternoon and be responding to messages then, have a great weekend everybody!!, Be still my heart...how precious is she?, I have known Liani since she was probably 6 or 7, and now she's going to be a high school senior!  My how time flies., How adorable is he?!!  This little guy's Mommy created this whole little pow-wow theme, so cute!, I am just LOVING this wedding!, Just LOVE working with this family!!, From my first senior session of the year, isn't she lovely!?  :), This is one seriously cute bunch!!, I'm not sure a more beautiful family exists <3, Before I head out for my session, I just had to post :), Well hello little lady!, I am so in love with her face :), Thinking of booking a few mini sessions for this coming Sunday, who's interested?  The weather is supposed to be BEAUTIFUL!  I'd be offering 30 minute sessions (no special props, this will be open to everyone for all needs!).  Each session will be just $70!  Up to 10 images on cd with your own print rights! Message me now :)

**Edit, sessions will be held late afternoon at Fogland Beach!, I don't know if there has ever been a more beautiful baby girl <3, I finally was able to meet the newest addition to the family today!  Meet Isabelle!  My cousin's BEAUTIFUL baby, how sweet is she?!  I'm so in love!!, Feeling like booking some appointments today!  Book an appointment for anytime between now and November and receive a discount of $25 off of your session!  Message me now!, So adorable!  These two were so excited to take pictures, I love it!, How adorable is this?  No other bond like a mother and her son!, Beautiful <3, Just LOVE these girls!!, Little Mr. Caius here loves to hide his smiles from me  :)  <3, A HUGE congratulations to my cousin and her hubby on the birth of their baby girl yesterday!! I am soooo excited and can't wait to get her in for some newborn pictures!!, Only 4 more hours to book your appointment with a friend to save the 10% off your next session!  Appointments don't have to be booked for the same day, but must be booked by midnight tonight!, Too cute not to share from this morning!, The cutest little guy came out to the lemonade stand minis today!  How adorable is this?!, Don't forget to book your appointments and refer a friend!  The 10% discount will end tomorrow!, Gorgeous!, Two more openings for this Saturday's lemonade stand minis!!  At just $80, it's a great chance to save AND get an adorable themed shoot for any age!  Message me if interested!, If you know of someone looking for a photographer for any occasion, tell them about Moments Forever!  Anyone who refers a friend will receive a 10% discount on any photo package, whether family or wedding!  So will your friend!  This discount will be expire Saturday, so be sure to message me asap to book your appointments!, Miss Jade is turning 1!  How cute is this face!?  :), LOVE!, Just adorable!, <3 <3 <3, After a shoot with an adorable little birthday girl today, I'm editing my tail off tonight!  Finishing up some shoots, and getting ready for some previews tomorrow!  If you would like to book your family or children's shoot this Summer, I urge you to message me tonight to book your appointment!  I still have a few openings for this Saturdays mini sessions, and a handful of full session available for July and August, but I am already booking into September!  Don't miss your chance to get outdoors for your portrait session!, I had the BEST time last night photographing this wedding.  The love was just oozing from the bride and groom and you could feel the joy from all of their family and friends...absolutely beautiful!, Parenthood begins with tiny kicks and a whole lot of love <3, The most natural portraits are always the most precious :), I had the most amazing time today out in western Mass with my cousin.  I photographed her and her husband's wedding a few years ago, and now her maternity photos....I just CAN'T WAIT for this baby! <3, I still have another space open for this Sunday if anyone is interested in the Lemonade stand mini session!!  Message me now to take it, or for more information :), To find your soulmate is truly one of life's most beautiful gifts., Good morning friends!  Many of you know I've been sick all week, but I'm feeling much more human today and ready for some amazing shoots this weekend!  I still have 2 more spaces open this Sunday for the lemonade stand shoots, please message me ASAP to save a spot!  :), I had such an amazing time photographing this couple's wedding day on Saturday!  There will be many more to share, so many beautiful pictures to choose from!  Congratulations Dercio and Amanda!, It's going to be a beautiful day for a wedding!  Can't wait to see today's bride :), These girls.  Beautiful!!, I still have openings for the lemonade stand!  If you are interested please message me asap!, Beauty is everywhere, but mostly in a child.  <3, null, Feel free to invite or share with your friends!  This special will be running for one day only, so book your spot asap!, Can a picture get any better than this?!  I had such a great time with these girls :), Sign up today!, These boys are like twins, only a few years apart lol!  How cute are they?!, Book your spring mini session now, and be on the lookout for more of miss Alana's pictures!, Love this photo of Mom and daughter, little Trista looks like she's going to run for senate someday!  :), I know it's after 10 pm, but I couldn't wait to share...Spring Minis for the Lemonade stand are now open for booking!  Message me for availability and details :), Look at these four GORGEOUS girls!  I had the pleasure of taking their pictures yesterday afternoon, and I just adore this one :), Sending these beautiful maternity pictures out today!, Thank you all who answered to the model call!  Miss Alana was chosen as the model this time, keep an eye out for her pictures and the lemonade stand mini portrait shoot sign ups next week! So excited to do this with Alana and Marlene Rivera :), Model call!  I'm looking for a child 10 years old or younger to model for the upcoming Lemonade Stand Mini sessions!  Must be available on a weekday (morning or afternoon) between the 10th and 12th of June.  If interested, message me and I will choose one child tomorrow morning!, <3, I had so much fun photographing this couple yesterday, I was lucky enough to do their wedding pictures a few years ago and now they are expecting their first little blessing.  LOVE!, I think my brother might just squeal when he sees this picture of my niece I took today!  I kind of squealed with happiness when I snapped it.  <3, Had a great meeting with another potential wedding client today!  I just love being a part of such memories, there is nothing like it!, No words for how much I LOVE this picture... and my job :), To all of you guys out there who don't know what to do for your Mom or spouse for Mother's Day, look no further! Book a spot for the family mini sessions on May 23rd! There is NOTHING Moms want more than memories with her loved ones! Message me now for more details!!
https://www.facebook.com/events/1594640184107642/, I get to send this session out today, so many beautiful images for such a special occasion and adorable little girl :), Sometimes even the sleepiest, sad-faced moments are beautiful. Can't get much cuter ;), Be still my heart.  Creating images like this is why I love what I do <3, I've been editing for days on end, but getting there!  Just couldn't help but share this one, such a beautiful boy :), I am so in love with this shoot from yesterday!  I had such a hard time picking one to post lol, there will definitely be more coming!, It is with a heavy heart that I write this tonight, my apologies to all who are waiting for pictures, previews and returned messages.  My grandfather was admitted to the hospital today suffering from heart failure as I spent the day there with my family he seemed to be leveling out and just a short while ago we started heading home.  About thirty minutes later we got the call that he is in septic shock and won't make it. I ask that you all bare with me as I take some time to be there for my loved ones.  If you have a time restraint with your pictures, please message me directly and I will do my best to help you as soon as possible.  I apologize again for any inconvenience this may cause.  Thank you for understanding., For those of you who haven't taken advantage of it yet, but love getting a great deal!  Only $90!!  All our welcome, but first come first serve appointments only!  Click on the link to find out more, or message me to find out how to hold your session today!, I just adore this little one!  Her eyes melt me :), This face!!  <3, I love cake smash sessions!  Cauis does too ;)
Outfit and banner by: Tutus and More by Renay, Finishing this little beauty's pictures today! :), The last of my shoots this weekend and this little beauty just can't take a bad picture!!  How stinking cute is she?!, Just flawless!  :), Love that this family will be welcoming a new addition in just a few weeks!  :), Na-na-na-na BATMAN!  How cute is this?!?, "I love you this much"  <3, What a beautiful weekend, and 5 great sessions to boot!  Those of you looking for previews, I promise you won't be disappointed!  Check in tomorrow to see some adorable portraits :), Don't forget to message me about your family mini session!  These will only be $90 ($30 retainer at booking, $60 at session).  It's a great way to save and still get those family portraits in that you keep putting off!, Sweet little Avery was not to pleased to have me and my camera in her face today, but she sure did love that cake!! :), Message me to sign up!, Still updating some of the portfolio galleries, but I'd love to hear what you think about the new look of the Moments Forever website!  :)

http://momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com/, A little over 2 more hours to book your spot and get 5 free sheets!!, It's a dreary looking Monday, I need something to pick me up!  So I'm throwing a booking blitz today!  Book any appointment today for a session any time before July 1st and you will get a set of 5 sheets free with your shoot!  This offer will end at midnight, so message me asap to get your appointment and free gift!, You've got to love when cousins get together for picture day!  So cute watching Serenity coach Katia on how to pose for the photo :), Look at this birthday girl!! Katia gave me a run for it today, but all this cuteness totally makes up for it!! <3, Another first birthday shoot today with little Miss Katia!  Can't wait, she's just a beauty!!  Watch for the sneak peek tonight!, How cute can you get?!, I've been dying to set up a "family heirloom" shoot.  Little girls in their mom's wedding gowns, or grandma's jewlery.  Little boys in grandpa's hat and tie or daddy's uniform.  Any interest out there for something like this?, Ok, one last picture from this weekend, I couldn't help myself!  Just look at Tootsie!! :D, Oh Reese, you just get more and more beautiful every time I see you!  I've been photographing this little one since she was about 3 months old, it's amazing to see her personality come out!  <3, How cute is she?!  I'm never sure how new client's little ones will feel about me breaking out the camera for them, but she was such a doll :), Sweet little Maks is turning one!!  Seems like yesterday I did the announcement pictures for his beautiful Mommy!  Just love being this family's photographer :), So happy to be signing on with Amanda and Manny today for their wedding this summer!  I LOVE wedding season!!    If you know anyone looking for a wedding photographer, invite them to have a look at my work here on facebook, or on my website!, I heard facebook is removing fans from pages for inactivity!  If you can see this post, please like or comment to stay active!  Thank you!, Book an appointment for your free wedding consultation today, and if you sign on with me as your photographer by April 1st, you will receive 10% off of your wedding package!, I love baby bumps, but I'm even more excited that this little guy is actually here already!  <3, I was setting up for a shoot with my cousin the other day and my dog Trace posed for about 20 seconds while I was getting the lighting up!  So glad I caught one good one of him, he's grown so quick, my big ol' furbaby! :), I just loveeee lil Masyn's face, and I cannot wait for this new addition to arrive!, I love, love, love this picture of these sweet sisters!! There is nothing more adorable than an older sibling that adores a new addition to the family!, Feeling grateful today...it's almost been exactly one year since I started this page, and look at it now!  1,051 likes!!!  Love all of you loyal customers who have helped me grow to this point, I'm so looking forward to what the rest of 2015 will bring :), Say hello to this little 1 month old beauty!  Our shoot was a little tough, because at 1 month old...she was already rolling over (lol!) but  how cute is that face!?!, Another beautiful shot of Caius...I think I could photograph him all day :), Still a few openings for this Saturday's kissing booth mini sessions!!  Message me now!, I just can't stand the cuteness of these pups!!  They are available to go to homes Tuesday!  Contact Gina at A Princess Puppy Palace for more info if you are looking for a new fur-baby!!, Almost 1,000 likes!  WOW!!, Good morning everyone!  For all of those inquiring, sessions are available now for January and February bookings!  Message me for new pricing and availability., Well hello everyone!  Happy New Year!  It was great to have a little vacation with my son, but I am officially back and ready to work :)  Lots of new things happening in 2015, including new props and pricing!  Thank you all for making 2014 a great year for Moments Forever Photography!, I might just be in love with this little guy! Lol!! He's going to be a natural at this, it's his second shoot with me already.  :), Can you get over these curls?!   Merry Christmas everyone!, Don't forget, all of you brides and grooms to be have a chance to lock in 2014 package pricing AND save an extra 10% if you book your wedding photography by December 31st!  It's only 2 weeks away, better hurry to save!, I got another great review today!  Love my happy customers!! :)  Any of you who have not left a review, please feel free to do so anytime...I love the feedback!, Can I just say, I love twins!!  Especially ones that cooperate with everything you ask of them!  These girls were absolute angels today for their shoot, and adorable to boot!, I have been so busy this last few weeks, I haven't been able to share as much as I'd like too...but look at this little beauty's face!!  I can't help but show off her baby blues :), Sophia is always such a pleasure to work with, and even in the cold she didn't complain once!  Love when sessions go this good ;), These two little guys were absolutely wonderful at their mini session yesterday!  Little gentlemen, and soooo cute!! :), Loved this group at the mini sessions yesterday!  The boys weren't quite as anxious to take a picture as the girls were...but they couldn't help but giggle at each other :), So excited for another round of minis today!  Thankful for dry weather, but hoping it warms up just a little! :), Ahhhhh!! Hahaha.  Can you even stand it?!  <3, Oh the cuteness!!, Working on this adorable little man's pictures tonight :), <3 <3 <3, Good morning everyone!  Just a reminder to any brides looking to book their wedding photography, you have until December 31st to save big!  Lock in 2014's prices and take an extra 10% off!  Message me now for info and pricing :), I love when people book me and ask, can the dog come too?  Why not!  Let's get the whole family ;), Cora is just about the cutest thing I've ever seen!! :), I was sent this picture tonight from a client.  They had gotten the entire crew together for portraits as a gift to their mom...look how happy she is holding that canvas!!! I LOVE my job :)  Thank you for sharing!!, Good morning facebookers!  In honor of small business Saturday, I will be offering a gift certificate special today!  If you need a gift for the holidays this is perfect!  Just message me for more details!  Happy holidays to you all!, Just wanted to share.  A very dear friend of mine found out her fur baby Junior has cancer.  I offered to do some pictures for her, it's such a sad time when loved ones must leave us, whether friends, family or pets, when all we have left is pictures, you can never have too many <3, null, I just want to take a second to say how blessed you all have made me.  I started this page back in February of this year and you have all helped me grow so much, seriously...880 likes!  It's overwhelming to have such great clients and loyal customers...Love you all!!, Christmas cuteness in a sleigh!!!  <3 <3 <3, Seriously, I just can't take the cuteness I work with!!, I love holiday sessions!  These two kept me on my toes, but would you even know it?  They are too cute :), I feel as though I've been through a whirlwind this weekend, but loving every second of it!  To anyone who has left messages or requested previews...I will get to you as soon as I possibly can! :), I am holding one more day of mini sessions per customers request!  December 7th...$65...20-30 minute shoot...5-10 images on cd!!  Message me to sign up, there won't be another date for hot cocoa minis!!, I finished this late last night and could not wait to post it this morning!!  He's just so so cute!!, :)  I love my job!  This one gets me giggling every time!!, If you missed out on the hot cocoa mini sessions...this is your chance!  Because it was such a hit, I am trying to hold one more day of sessions!  If you are interested, please message me :), You all have no idea how much I have grown to love this little girl!  She's been a customer of mine since her first birthday, and each and every time I see her I fall in love again <3, Okay fans!  I've had some interest in another Hot Cocoa Stand mini session...I need a minimum of 6 sessions to sign up in order to hold another one!  If you would be interested, please message me!, Getting lots of editing done on this rainy day!, My fourth mini session today, these four girls were so excited about the candy I couldn't get anything but smiles!! Precious!, I love baby faces!  :), My second session from the mini shoots today!  I know it's kind of late posting, but I couldn't help it...they are adorable!!, From the first of the mini sessions today!  These kids couldn't have cooperated any better :), Isn't she gorgeous?!, Just beautiful  :D, I am sooo in love with this set up,  I took the liberty of doing a sample shoot with my son and niece for you all to see!  Don't miss your chance to sign up, one day only!!, My first shoot today, but my second shoot with this adorable family!  The kids couldn't be cuter!!!, So excited for these mini sessions with the hot cocoa stand next Saturday November 15th!  Openings still available starting at $65!!  Message me to find out how to book a spot!, I still have a few openings for the hot cocoa stand minis next Saturday in Bristol!  Perfect for a quick holiday gift or cards!  Only $65 for a 30 minute session...by appointment only so message me to save your spot!, Oh Lauren...you may keep me on my toes...but how I LOVE your portrait shoots!!!  Every time I get the chance to mix you with my camera, it's magic <3, I had a great time today photographing this senior session!  Beautiful weather, and a beautiful girl make for B-E-A-UTIFUL pictures :), After the snow on Sunday, I am SOOOO excited for some good weather for shoots today and tomorrow!!  It's beautiful out there :), It's snowing here today, a good reminder to hurry up and book your holiday session!! I've got 2 openings left for November and just 4 more open for December!!  These won't last long, message me now!, I have an opening on Saturday, November 8th for kiddo or family photos!  Message me for more info!, Sometimes the little ones run you in circles...but the circles are totally worth it ;)  One of my favorites from this shoot!, I absolutely LOVE this photograph...and fall weddings!!!, I had the pleasure of photographing this little beauty last weekend. It was a gorgeous day to capture that smile :), How adorable are these boys?!   We had such a beautiful day for a shoot, and they cooperated perfectly!, Good morning guys and gals!  I am taking a few more spots for the "Hot Cocoa Stand Mini Sessions" on November 15th!!  This is a great chance to have an adorable themed portrait to use for holiday cards or gifts at a HUGE discount!!  30 minute sessions are just $65!!!!  Other ordering options are available, but space won't last much longer!  All ages are welcome, message me now to book your spot before they are gone!!, Worked a bit on some beautiful wedding pictures today (as well as others of course lol).  The hours are long, but oh so rewarding :)  I love creating moments for such special people so that they can have them for a lifetime <3, Just got home from two shoots today, oh how I wish I could share, but the holiday gifts must be kept secret!!! ;), I still have a few spots available for the Hot Cocoa Stand Mini Sessions on November 15th!  They are 30 minute sessions and you will receive 5-10 images on a cd for just $65!!  Add on 30 single sided holiday cards for only $25 more!!  Message me now to book your spot!, I know lots of you wanted some packaging options with holiday cards, so here they are!!  A great chance to save AND take care of some gifts at the same time!, Holiday cut off dates!  This will come a lot faster than you think!  Limited space available, only a few session spots left available between November 8th and the December cut off dates!  

**Last day for sessions with greeting cards December 7th.
(cards will be delivered within 7 days of Christmas so you will have time to send them out)
**Last day for sessions with prints December 14th.

Message me now to book your session, ask about the new "Holiday Special" package!!, For those of you who want to book a holiday appointment, but have not yet, I only have 3 appointments left for weekends in November, and 3 in December.  You need to book your spot ASAP!  (those of you available during school hours during the week, I have plenty more appointments open for you!), Finished 2 sessions already this morning, now working to finish this one, I'm on fire today!! ;), Almost done with this session!  ABSOLUTE LOVE!!!! :), Finishing up this session tonight and 3 more tomorrow!  Loving all these beautiful babies!!, I have to say, this couple is amazing.  I was on the way to photograph their wedding and got stuck with a flat tire.  The groom's parents came to pick me up so that I wouldn't miss a thing!  I had such a great day with them, and the pictures are to die for....I can't wait to post more!, I love making my customers happy :), Just hit 800 likes!  WOOHOOOO :D, Exactly 3 weeks ago I hit 700 likes, and I'm already 3 fans away from 800, THAT'S INCREDIBLE!!!! You are all the best :D, Good morning lovelies!  I've had TONS of people ask if I'm holding holiday mini sessions.  (Yes, it's time to start thinking about holiday cards already!)   So I've decided to hold "Hot Cocoa Stand Minis"!  These mini sessions will be held November 15th for all ages!  This is going to be an adorable little set up, I'm super excited :D  Message me for details!, I truly adore this couple!  They picked an amazing spot for their engagement session, can't wait for the wedding!, I finished this sweet little girls photos today...so beautiful <3, It's been a long day working on photos, but I have to take a minute to share a few, absolutely love this :), null, This is from my second shoot today!  A wonderful couple celebrating their engagement :)  She stumbled across my page and I'm so glad she booked me, I had such a great time with them!, What a beautiful day for a shoot!  This Mama and little one chose to do pictures in their backyard, and I'm so glad they did!  Sometimes we forget the beauty that is surrounding us right at home :), This couple had such a beautiful, simple wedding.  Sunflowers, hay bales, a bonfire and tons of family and friends.  They are always a pleasure to work with and I was so blessed to be a part of their wedding day :), This is the winner from the free session!  Such adorable kids and the pictures came out beautiful!!  Can't wait to share more!, I had an AMAZING day full of photo shoots today!  Finally sat down about 15 minutes ago and now the enhancing begins :)  Cannot wait to show some previews tomorrow!!!  Have a great night everyone!, I was sooo excited to do this newbie session today with Aubrey!  Poor thing couldn't stay asleep, which was a little challenge, but boy did we get some cute pictures!

Feel free to share or use as profile pic, but please don't crop or edit :), Spent the day working on pictures and also got to drop off a package for this beautiful shoot! If you haven't booked your senior session yet, you are running out of time!, Geez Louise!  Just hit 700 last week and we are already more than halfway to 800!!  You guys are the best!!  :D, Had SUCH a great time at this engagement shoot tonight!  I can't wait for the wedding!, Love this new set!, If any moms of younger kids are looking to get photos done during school hours in October, book an appoinment today and you will get 15% off!, Such beautiful kids, and an amazing big brother <3, Beautiful baby :)  (Tie back headband by Gina Schone), I've been blessed to photograph this little guy a few times now and he cooperated really well for today's shoot...how cute is this?? (Blanket by Gina Schone), Had a great time at the mini sessions today!  (Hat made by me, and pants by Long Neck Creations), So excited to be doing a few mini shoots today with some beautiful babies!!!, Oh goodness!!  I've been busy creating and making new props all afternoon, I just now saw that we hit 700!!  THANK YOU ALL!!  Now, for the free session with cd :D  The first ten people to copy and paste this link (https://www.facebook.com/pages/Moments-Forever-Photography/144917688913446) and write "done" on this status will be entered into a drawing for a free session and the winner will be posted tomorrow night!   , Looking for an outdoor appointment before it gets too cold?  I only have a few spaces left for September and October, better book now before they are gone!  Message me today to set up your appointment and receive a free 8x10 collage!, Did you know you can invite your friends to like my page?  To the left of this post there is a box, just type in a few names!  Anyone who might have a need for children's, engagement or wedding photography!  Help me get over this hump of 700 likes! :), Absolutely beautiful...long days of edits and enhancing...it all pays off :), Oh, how I love my job :), 682 likes... It's been staring at me for 24 hours now...lol.  Help me get to 700!  Share my page or a picture you like, invite your friends to check out my page!  I will organize a drawing tomorrow for a free session if we can get there by midnight tonight!!, Still looking for a newborn-2 week old baby boy and a 3-6 month old girl for the mini model sessions!  September 20th, just $50 for your images on cd!  Message me now!, I had a quick shoot with my niece this morning, she was more interested in throwing rocks, but it didn't matter...look at that face!! :)  <3, Only 23 more likes until the free session giveaway!, I've had the pleasure of photographing this little guy several times now, and he just keeps getting more and more comfortable with me!  He did great for his shoot tonight!  And he's stinkin' adorable to boot! :), From my fourth session yesterday, it was such a beautiful day!!, My third shoot of the day yesterday, I've never had such a willing teenager pose for me, usually the boys can't be done fast enough! Lol., This senior shoot was so much fun!, A little peak from my first session yesterday :), Gorgeous!, Two spots left for the model call on September 20th! (Ages newborn to six months)   Message me for details!, Share my page so we can get to 700 likes and I can do a free session giveaway!, Only 5 spaces left!  Feel free to share!!, Model call! I have gotten a TON of new baby items in, and I am itching to use them!! If you have a baby (newborn-6 month olds) and would like a discounted session, I will be holding mini sessions on September 20th from 12-4! Sessions will be 45 minutes long and you will receive your images on cd for just $50! That's 50% off!! Message me now to save your spot!, Such a beautiful bride,  I can't wait to share more!, It's a beautiful day for a wedding!  So excited to be photographing a friend of mine's wedding today...she is going to make one gorgeous bride!! With-Victoria Paquin, Just beautiful :), I just had a session open up for tomorrow @ 6 pm!  First to message me can take it!  My next afternoon/weekend availability isn't until September 20th, so its a great chance to snag this last minute appointment :), Sometimes the most natural pictures are the most beautiful :), 14 Likes in just about 24 hours!  We need 95 more by next Monday!  Share the page and comment "shared" to be in entered into a drawing for a free session when we hit 700 fans! :), Well, I was hoping to get to 600 likes by the end of the month...at 591 fans it's not much of a challenge!  Sooooo, I've decided to get you all motivated!  Share this link below with a few words about my photography, then come back and comment below "shared".  If we can hit 700 fans by September 1st, I will pick one sharer to receive a free session to be used in the month of September!  Now go get those fans!! :)   https://www.facebook.com/pages/Moments-Forever-Photography/144917688913446?sk=timeline, Had a great time at this shoot yesterday!, Sunday was such a beautiful day for a wedding!  Can't wait to share more of this lovely couple!, Congratulations to these two lovely ladies on their wedding this weekend!  It was a beautiful day for two beautiful people :), Well, we didn't get to see any whales yesterday in Gloucester, Massachusetts  :(  But what a BEAUTIFUL day for a boat ride!  The water was so calm and barely a cloud in the sky!  We were able to see an ocean sunfish though, as well as a blue shark (which managed to duck too quickly for me to get a picture -_- ). But we did see this helicopter following the boat to film Wicked Tuna!  Pretty cool!!   Now after a meeting and a shoot today, I am back to work on some editing!  Good night everyone!, Well, another busy day!  Showed some beautiful pictures this morning, got some new props in, worked on some editing, booked a few new appointments and met with a wonderful couple about photographing their wedding this October!  I didn't get to post much for you...but I promise new photos are coming!  Tomorrow is a MUCH needed day off.  I'm going whale watching!!  I'll be sure to share a few of those photos tomorrow, and get back to business on Wednesday!  Have a great night everyone :), Hey everyone!  I'm sorry I've been so busy this weekend, with two weddings and a birthday party I was slammed!  I'll be in and out tomorrow, but will definitely have some new photos up and be available for anyone looking to book their next appointment!, Noah had a rough day for our shoot, but who can resist photographing this face?!  Love!!, Working hard to get all of these pictures edited and making some new props today!!  Will post some new stuff tonight, so excited!, How cute is this little one from today's shoot?? :), How stinking cute can you get?!? :), Working on finishing up a few sessions today, including these two adorable kiddos!, The rain kept us in for today's shoot, but that's okay!  Even the dog is excited for their new arrival! :), I can't even take how cute she is lol.  Just one of the many adorable shots from today's shoot :), Couldn't help but share as I'm working on this little cutie's pictures ;), From my shoot today with this little ham :), Finishing up this little guy's pictures tonight :), Good evening everyone! I just had an appointment open up for 2 pm THIS SATURDAY! This will be my only opening until September!!! If you would like to book it, message me right away! September and October are filling in quickly too!, Got to take this sweet baby's pictures today! :), Big order going in tonight if anyone wants to reorder, let me know!!, I just can't take how adorable this little guy is!!, I love this little guy!!, The best smile of the day!  (Too bad there weren't more of them!! Lol!), For anyone looking to book an appointment on a weekend, I only have a few spaces for the rest of July and August available.  July 27th @ 4pm, August 2nd @ 2pm, and August 10th @ 11am...the rest of my availability is weekdays only until September, so message me now to get your spot!, I've known Briana for 8 years, she was just a girl...now a baby of her own...where has the time gone?!, Crazy how fast a year goes by, I feel like it was just last month I did his newborn photos!, I just want to squeeze the cuteness from him! LOL, Which do you like best, A, B or C?, So you can have your cake and eat it too!  ;), How cute can you get?  :), Love this picture from the wedding I photographed today!, This is from a family session I had just before leaving for the weekend!  What a fun family :), Back from my mini vacation!  Had a great time, but I'm glad to be in the swing of things again!  Time to work :), It has been a really busy week!  One more shoot this morning, and then I am off for a camping weekend :)  Should you need to contact me, please leave a message and I will respond Monday!  Have a great weekend everyone!, Another from today!  So cute!, One of the pictures from today's shoot :), Layla <3, Another late post, but I'm up, so why not?  
How cute is my niece Layla?!  <3, Such a sweet baby girl!, null, I know it's late, but I'm up editing and I had to share this!, I ADORE this picture :), Working hard to get all these pictures finished!  Going to be a long night!!, Working on this little beauty's pictures tonight :), Lots of editing going on today!  If you are looking to book an appointment do it asap, June is pretty full and July is booking quickly!, Ok, last one for the night!, How adorable are these girls?!?, More from today's mini sessions!  I adore these girls!!, Loved this theme so much, I had to take some of my own little guy :)  <3, This was from our vintage adventurer mini sessions today!  I will be loading more later this afternoon.  I'm in love with the whole set up!!, I am so excited for this weekend's mini shoots!!  If you haven't signed up...you are going to miss out!  I have 1 more spot if anyone is interested!, From a small wedding I did at the courthouse two weeks ago!  I love this picture!, Ok, one more ;), Arghhhh  the cuteness!  I got a few minutes to snap a couple of shots of my niece Layla today :)  <3 <3 <3, Only 5 more days until the mini sessions!  Dress your kids up for a steampunk style photo shoot this Saturday!  Limited availability and by appointment only!  Just $50 for the session fee and you get a free portrait cd!  Message me to get one of the last open spots!, And the winner of the free 11x14 is.......Amy Lynn Trima!!  Congratulations Amy!  Message me to claim your prize!  Thanks once again to everyone who participated!, Well, we didn't quite hit the 500 mark...but you all definitely tried!!  I've decided to do a drawing for a free 11x14 for your effort!  Just like this post and tomorrow morning I will pick one of the names for the free print!  Thank you all for everything you have done!! :), Four hours to go and we still need more page likes!!, Good afternoon everyone!  Today is the last day!  We need 35 more fans today to get to our goal for the free 16x20 giveaway!  Everyone is entered that likes the site for the drawing!  But we must get those last 35 likes!!  Share, share, share!!  We have until midnight!, Such a beautiful wedding party :), Ok everyone! I really want to give away this 16x20!!  We need to add 49 more fans by tomorrow night!  Spread the word, I know we can do it!, Just 56 more fans before the drawing for a free 16x20!!  Add your friends!, Don't forget to sign your kids up for the mini vintage/steampunk sessions on June 7th! Limited availability!!  $50 session with original images free on cd!!!  Message me now for your spot!, I have a few more days to make my goal of 500 fans!  We only need 73 more!  If each of you invited just one or two friends to like my page, we'd be there in no time!  Please take a second to share the page, or invite your friends using the box to the right!  I know we can do it!! :), What a beautiful baby I got to work with today!! :), I'm overcome with happiness when I capture portraits like this :), This picture is LOVE., Nothing more beautiful than an expecting Momma <3, I had two shoots today and all I can say is I LOVE SPRING!!!!  It's so good to be back to outdoor shoots :), Working to finish this beautiful bride's pictures :), Message me for questions and availability!, 11 more days to get to my goal of 500 fans!  Help me out!  There is a spot to "invite your friends" to like my page on the right hand side of the page!  If you know of anyone who appreciates photography or is looking for a photographer, send them an invite...it can't hurt ;), Good morning everyone!  It is a BEAUTIFUL day out there!  With days like this I'm dying to get out for some family shoots!  Don't forget, for the month of May, book a weekday appointment and get 20% off of your session!  Time is running out quick.  Also, the June 7th dress up mini shoot is booking quickly, book your spot today!, Just 90 more likes to a free 16x20 drawing!!  Keep adding your friends for a chance to win!, I need 3 more fans to hit 400!  The goal for the end of the month is still 500!  Help a girl out and invite your friends! :)  Once we hit 500, I will be doing a drawing for a free 16x20!!, I love getting reviews like this!  And I love being able to make people happy through my pictures!  Thank you!!

★★★★★ I don't even know where to begin! Melissa is Amazing!! We got married in Jamaica and had a different photographer out there. When I got those pictures I was disappointed with them and didn't see one that I could proudly display on my wall. My husband and I had a wedding reception a few months later in Rhode Island and hired Melissa initially just to take candid shots at the reception. However, because of the disappointment in my actual wedding photos, Melissa met us a little earlier in the day and we took some formal pictures! I am so glad that we made this decision because I went from not having any wedding pictures I can hang on my wall to now, not being able to decide which picture to hang on my wall. Melissa was very accommodating with us. We ended up with three different photo locations, and included our three dogs, two young children and my elderly grandmother in some of the pictures. I now have pictures that make me smile and that I love!! I am so glad that we hired Melissa with Moments Forever Photography!, Reserve your spot today!  These are just a few of the props that I'll be using for the Vintage Explorer themed mini session on June 7th!  Message me for more details and availability!, Okay, I can't hold back anymore!!  We will be building something like this for the mini shoots on June 7th!   Perfect for a little adventurer picture!!! I'll be posting a few of the props I picked up tonight!   Who's signing up? :), Okay, last sneak peek for a little while...I just can't help it!, I am in love with this picture!!!!!!!!, Ok fans, I am now opening up spots for the next mini session date!  June 7th, from 1pm to 5pm I will be holding a vintage explorer/steampunk themed kids shoot!  Sessions will be 30 minutes, you will receive 8-12 images on cd with copyright release!   Message me for location, info and availability....this one is going to book up fast!!!, Had to post one more!  I'm sure there will be tons to share, these pictures came out beautiful!, I had an amazing time shooting this couple's wedding yesterday...I wish you both a wonderful honeymoon and a long, happy life together!!, Rain, rain go away...I have a wedding to shoot today!!  

I've been looking forward to this couple's wedding for so long, they are going to be one beautiful bride and groom!!, So love this!, Working on setting up the next mini session date and I am SOOOO excited for this one!!!  It's going to be a sort of vintage adventurer/steampunk shoot for kids with a BIG surprise of a prop!  I don't want to give it all away just yet...but this will be the best mini session yet!  You won't want to miss it!!! :D, Beautiful <3, This is why I love my job, catching moments and creating fairy tales.  <3, Almost done with this session!  How adorable is this?!!  :), null, I am loving this weather!  I want to get outside and start shooting!  Weekends are booked for May, but I have a special for those of you who would like to book an outdoor shoot during weekdays!  Book an appointment today for any weekday in the month of May, and save 20% on your order!  Message me now for availability!, Mother's day is coming!  (Hey guys...if you don't know what to get here's a hint...WE LOVE PICTURES!!), Smiles like this make my day <3, So serious, yet so stinking cute!, Working on this adorable little guy's pictures tonight! :), I really love my job!, I absolutely love this kid! <3, I'm lost for words lol, I ADORE this picture from my second shoot today :), I'll be posting plenty of pictures tonight, but I had to share this from today's session with little Mr. C!  Sooo cute!!!!, Anyone looking to book an appointment in the near future?  The month of May is almost full!  I have openings for the 17th at 10 am or the 25th at 11, and some weekday availability.  Already booking into June and July, so don't forget to make your appointment asap!!, Good afternoon everyone!  I have had a lot of interest in wedding photography lately, and thought I'd offer a little information for you all!  I do have wedding package options, but also am extremely flexible in working with all budgets and needs!  Normal wedding packages start at just $1,000!  If you would like more info please message me, or for more samples of my weddings, check out my website portfolio!  www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com/weddings.html
If you know someone who is getting married and looking for a photographer, feel free to share!, I'm working on Little Miss G's pictures, she's too cute and I just love this picture so much, I can't decide which edit I like the best!  What do you fans like best?, Finishing up this session tonight!, So cute :), The cutest thing!, Simply adorable :), Another Easter photo that was too cute not to share!, null, I've been so busy, I forgot to post a few of these adorable Easter pictures!, Good morning friends!  I would like to take a second to remind you to invite your friends to like the page by using the box to the right!  Also, for those of you who have worked with me in the past, if you could leave a review about your experience, that would be greatly appreciated!, Such a great couple :), Ok, I had to post one more, lol.  This was the bride and groom during their first dance through the cake topper!  Beautiful!  I had such a great time at this wedding :), I couldn't resist posting this one <3  I'll post another tomorrow!, Just one from my wedding today :)  I LOVE this picture!!, What a beautiful day it was for a wedding!  I cannot wait to share some of these pictures :)   Congrats again to Sara and Jason!, One more from yesterday's shoot!, I love these boys!  
Just one of the pictures from their shoot yesterday afternoon :), Oh, I know it's late...but I had to share! :), I had to post one more before I call it a night!
Who doesn't love a girl and her dog...especially in a wedding gown and bow tie!? :), I had the amazing opportunity to photograph this beautiful couple on Saturday.  So happy to have been able to work with them, congrats again Jenn and Richard!, Finishing up Easter session photos today and a wedding reception tomorrow makes for one busy photographer! :), Good morning friends!  I'll be busy working on pictures today...but I thought I'd post a little special for you fans!   If you book a session by 8 pm tonight, you will get 10% off and a free collage!  Send me a message to book  yours now!  And no, this is not an April fools joke! ;), Avery is such a doll!  I've been able to work with her on a few different occasions now and she always leaves me with a big grin after our sessions :), These three are just adorable!, Poor little Tristen was NOT in the mood for pictures today, but he's just too flipping cute anyway!!! ;), It's always a pleasure to work with these two!  Dilana is like a little model and Nolan is sooo cute!, This baby girl was such a blast to have for the mini sessions today!  I had her belly laughing by the end, and she had all of us laughing just as hard!  :), Finishing up editing 2 sessions today and preparing for the mini sessions tomorrow (so excited!!).  If you would like to see more of my photography, check out my website!  www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com, These two little ones from today's session had me giggling the whole time!  Just adorable :), One more from my shoot yesterday with Hannah <3 <3, A picture from my shoot today with lil Hannah, she's such a doll! :), I just had a session open up for the mini session next Saturday!  12 is open!  If you would like to take it, message me.  It is only $50 for  a half hour space and your pictures on cd are included!!  (Being held in Somerset), Looking to have your pictures done?  Moments Forever Photography is your photographer for all occasions!, Happy birthday Masyn!!  (I LOVE cake smashing sessions!!), Easter is coming!  Don't forget to book your session as soon as possible!, Good morning all you beautiful people!  I know it's hard to think about Easter while the snow is coming down, but it's coming quick!!  I have a space left for the Easter mini shoot on March 29th, 30 minute session, only $50 AND your pictures come on cd!!  So... who is ready to take the last spot?!  :), Book your spot now!! Only a few spaces left open!  Send me a message for info!, I only have 4 more spaces available for the Easter mini sessions on March 29th!  Half hour session for just $50!  Message me now to secure your spot!, One more from today!, A picture from my shoot with Connor today :) 
He gave us a run for our money, but can't complain when you get pictures like this!  He's sooo cute!  <3, Getting ready for my shoot with little Connor today!  I can't believe he's turning 2!  I love seeing this little ones grow up from a newborn :), Okay, so lots of you have asked if I'll be doing a mini session day for Easter pictures...I've finally decided...YES...I will!!  30 minute sessions will be held March 29th (Saturday) starting at 10am.  Message me for more information or to book your slot now!  This is for Easter, so be sure to dress the kids in pastel tones!, So close to 300 likes!  I'm off to dreamland...oh how I would love to wake up to 300+   ;)  Please, invite your friends to view and like the page! There is an invite option right on our wall!  Thanks all!  Sweet dreams!, Is he the cutest thing or what? ;)

www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com, <3 <3 <3

www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com, Good morning!  I want to thank everyone who entered the drawing yesterday!  The winner has been chosen!!!  Congrats to Kellie Demers!  Your name was randomly picked to win 50% off of your next session!, Don't forget to share the status below to be entered for a 50% discount on your next session!  You have until midnight to enter!, Hey fans!  I will be doing a giveaway today!  For each of you that share this status, you will be entered to win a gift certificate for 50% off of your next family session!  Anyone can enter, just "like" Moments Forever Photography, share this status and comment "shared" below!  All you have to do is like and share!  I will name the winner tomorrow morning!  Ready, go!, Check out Moments Forever Photography's new item!  These beautiful 4" baby blocks, made of wood with metallic photos, are perfect for any child's room or gift!  

To book an appointment of your own, "like" Moments Forever Photography and message me!, null, I really absolutely love this picture!!  Who says you have to smile for the camera to get a beautiful shot ;)

Please, if you like this picture, like my page!, From my photo shoot today!  They don't come much cuter than Cobie! And those eyes!!!! 

Please, if you like the photo, like my page!, I booked another wedding today!  So excited for all of the weddings this year!  If you know a couple in need of a photographer for engagement or wedding photos, direct them to Moments Forever Photography!  Packages are affordable and offer lots of options!, Hey fans!  For anyone interested in getting ahead of the rush for Easter pictures, I am now booking March and April sessions!  Sessions start at just $100, and I travel to you!  Message me now to ensure your appointment!, Finishing up this beauty's pictures today! :)
www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com, When was the last time you had a family portrait taken?  You know you have tons of pictures of the kids...but where are the memories of you with them?  Someday, your children will treasure each picture they have of you!! It's time to book your family session now!  Send me a message to secure your appointment!, Happy Valentine's Day!, One more from my shoot today, I just can't take the cuteness!!! <3
www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com, I've had the pleasure of photographing this little girl since she was a newborn!  Now she's 4!  And a natural when it comes to the camera ;) 
www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com, Good morning fans!  I will be in and out today, I have a shoot with an adorable little 4 year old :)  I would LOVE if you could each invite 3 or 4 friends!  What a great surprise it would be to come home to 300 fans!, Now booking appointments through the summer for family portraits!  Weddings through 2015!  Family portrait sessions start at just $100, and weddings at $1,000!  Message me now to book your next photography session, the memories we'll make are priceless!, <3
www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com, Oh Reese :)  
www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com, My loves :)  
www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com, <3  www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com, Couldn't help but post another of little Noah :)
www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com, I am amazed and so grateful for all of you!!  206 likes in two days!  Thank you all!!  Please keep sharing and inviting your friends!, null, null, I'm sure not many of you know this, but my first photography job was working with animals!  I've photographed everything from kitties to pet alligators!  This is Trace, my bloodhound when he was younger :)
www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com, Could he be any cuter??  :)
www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com, www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com, View more of my work on my website!  www.momentsforeverphotography.weebly.com, For those of you who would be willing to leave a review and comment on your experience with me, there is a box under the invite friends area where you can do so!  Thank you!, If you would like to see more of my work, check out my portfolio categories on my website!  There are quite a few different portfolios to look through, this is just my adults and couples section :)     , 40+ likes in under 2 hours, I'll take it! :)  Please continue to share!  My old group has over 1,300 followers...I'd like to get closer to that!!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Welcome to my new page!  I've had a photography group for years and figured it's about time I upgraded to a page!  Go ahead and like, share, comment...whatever you like!  I'll be posting more samples of my work throughout the day!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null)