List(null, null, This little face just melted  me this morning....., November 8, 2015, November 1, 2015, null, null, Mr. Finnegan is just too sweet for words...., null, null, null, null, null, oh this girl....  she melts my heart every time, null, null, null, Its been a while since i posted photos!!! and so happy its this beautiful lady awaiting her little twins.... :) love this so much..., Sweet little Alexander.... and his brother Harrison!, Love these!! Some of the nicest people I have met lately.... :), November 8, 2014, Her smile is just so sweet!!, I got to meet these little cuties tonight :), October 25, 2014, Love this... :), This is how you get a two year old to stop and smile for you.... :), Mollie is just too much... :), So glad the weather turned out nice yesterday to do this family session!!, So good to see you Sandy!  Love this one of you two... :), He's too much... :), Liam was alittle excited to find a rock with his new baby cousins name on it!!!, What is more fun then chasing the birds at the beach...., I just love this photo so much..... The love between a momma and her baby :), October 11 2014, Cute little family session tonight... :), null, null, Love this one..., :), She is too cute...., such a cute family..... great to see you Erin!!!, I got the pleasure of seeing this little beauty tonight.... :), null, Love this one.... :), :), oh my sweetness......, Love this one so much :), :), such a good big sister!!, Theo and Mae.... too adorable..., 3 weeks old and lifted his head like this!!! strong little boy!!, Got to meet this little cherub today.... :), null, She was just so sweet with her posing :), null, Meet little Miss Emma.... :), Just some of my favorites!!!, Love his little face... :) Such a cutie, This little cutie just turned one!!!, Congrats Nicole and Lenny!! your wedding was beautiful!!, He is just too cute!!, Had to share this one.... It just put a smile on my face while downloading....., Got to photograph these two handsome boys tonight.... :), null, Congrats Megan and Jared!!!! Your wedding was absolutely perfect.... :)  Thank you so much for letting me share this day with you!, Just some of my favs!! here will be more soon!, My baby fix for the day!, Sophie and Jack.... :), I can't handle these two.... SOOO sweet :), Be still my heart...... I love these little babies so much!! Meet Jack and Sophie.... :), I thought this was such a cute idea!!, He's so flipping cute :), I love this family shot!!!!, I had to share one of these really quick as I'm downloading them....  My sweet sweet newborn session this morning!! Shauna I will have more for you real soon! :), Lots of family shots today!!, a mama and her baby girls... :) makes me happy, Love this one..., Cute little family.. :), Here is one of the families from my photoshoot today.... these peole were no fun, no fun at all I tell ya... :), one more...... I love this one so much!!, a mama and her baby girl.... so precious, Im swooning over this shot!!  everything about it is absolutely perfect!, seriously.....  i love that Mickey actually did this for us!!! :)  so adorable..., I can't even handle the cuteness of little Maggie Rose... 8 days new.... :), oh and then this happened too.... :)  I love it, :) family shots just make me happy.... :), I have some more shots to share from my family session the other day!, One of my favorites from my photo shoot today..... It was so nice to meet you Jenn!!, Happy valentine's day!!! I love this one of miss Maggie last year.... :), This photo is from past november but I was just going through my photos and had to share this one.... It puts an instant smile on your face... :), null, Such a good big brother helping me today with his brothers shoot!, So sweet... :), I love when I get the real smiles from them laughing at their parents.... I think I make the parents work harder then me on shoots!! :), Happy birthday to this crazy little man!!! :), I LOVE that I got to shoot outside today!!!!, I had to share one more from your session today..... I wish I could remember what we were talking about!! I love this, so funny....., such a cute family..... Amy it was so good to see you today!!!, I see a future model.... :), She is just beaming.... I might be in love with her a little!!, seriously...... I can't even handle how happy this child is!!!! her smile is infectious!!, Love my little niece to pieces!!!, I can't believe I waited this long to posts shots of one of my favorite little ladies..... Miss Josephine.... 9 months old :), I love this beautiful family...., yeah we had fun today :), That little face.... I just want to pinch his cheeks!!!, This is how I got to spend my day today.... :)  How adorable is he??!!, I can not believe this little man is 1 already!?!? I feel like we JUST did his newborn photos!!  Time flies..... :), Callie is the sweetest big sister.. She would not give up Molly to anyone… :), This little man is going to be one the the best big bothers…. :), These two!!!  I love watching the siblings playing together…, Such a cute family….  :), I got to meet little miss Molly today! And she completely made my day by fulfilling my newborn cuddle time.. :)  How adorable is she?!?, For anyone who came to one of my mini sessions I would love to get a Christmas card if you have any extra!!! :) 

18 upland rd.
Plympton, 02367

Thank you!!!!, And her beautiful sister Addyson……  They are too sweet for words!!, And here is Olyvia….. sweet sweet little girl! :), I am still editing like crazy but wanted to share this one of Chase and Brady!!! Seriously….. I could just eat them up :), Here is my Santa baby!!!! :), My fingers might fall off soon from editing but I wanted to take a quick break to share these photos!!! I am sooooo in love with how this background looks....  My favorite is when it starts to look like a painting. 

Plus Rylan is just ridiculously adorable so that makes the photos even better!!  Okay back to editing for the rest of the evening!!!! :), This little face just makes me smile every time..... :)

Okay now I'm locking myself in my computer room until WEDNESDAY to finish editing!!, seriously LOVE this photo!!! and this family.... :), This just cracks me up....

These two little cuties do not even know each other. Their mothers are friends.  But they make the same crazy cheese face that is the cutest thing in the world....., November 17, 2013, I love this one even if he doesn't have the biggest smile... he is just so sweet!!!, :), He's so sweet.... and so fashionable!!! :), I got to meet this little bundle of energy today!!! :), November 10th 2013, Thank you to everyone who came today!!! And thank you so much Kate and rose!! I could not do any of this without you!! I love that we are turning this I to a family business by having my sister and sister-in-law working with me........ I would not have it any other way!!, Hi All!! Its Kate again, snuck on to Emily's page while she is at work!! I'm very excited about the mini sessons on Sunday!!! If you have a spot this Sunday and have any questions or didn't recieve your message with the details about the shoot and have any questions feel free to call me at 781-248-6591! I have a few yoga class sprinkled into the next two days but I'm mostly free to help answer your questions! See you Sunday-Kate, Lots of CDs going out today!!!! I hope to have to rest finished by tomorrow! Just in time to be caught up for a minute before my mini sessions this weekend :), Just trying to finish up some last minute editing before I mail out all the CD's in the morning! But I had to stop just to share this photo that makes me smile every time......  This is when I know I'm doing exactly what I'm suppose to be doing because I get so ridiculously excited to share it I have to stop what ever I am doing.....

I hope everyone has danced like Ella once in their lifetime!!!! :), null, Today I am photographing this fundraiser for this sweet little boy and his family. The amount of love and support their family and friends are giving them has restored my faith in people.... Come show your love!!!!!!, I just wanted to thank everyone for all the inquiries and bein. Patient on my turn around time!! I am almost complete with the first day! And the second day should be by next Friday...... 

As you can see I have my hands full with this list to check off as done!!!! :), Here is a price list for anyone interested in a full session!! I have had a ton of inquiries for my mini sessions but do not think I will have enough room for everyone! 

I have November 6th open and November 13th.

Let Kate or I know if you are interested! 

Em, Hi my friends!!! Kate again:) ill be helping emily again tmrw to book the rest of the mini session spots(allthough there is only a few) I reached out to the inquries I had in the order they were sent to us and messaged you with a slot. I have heard back from many of you to "reserve" your spot so thank you fir that! If I haven't heard back from you by tmrw ill continue to keep booking the slots in the order I received them! Ill be teaching a yoga class in the morning so ill check back in with you tmrw afternoon. I hope you enjoyed the weather and the Boston teams this weekend!! Go Soxs!!!, One more!!! It was great to meet you Sarah!, this might be my fav.... :), Gorgeous lady!, Love this one, such a natural beauty!!!, My beautiful senior session I had tonight! Bill Elliott you are in trouble! Im sure you already know that though.... :), I hope everyone saws Emiy's correction on the pricing?!? That's what happens when you leave a yoga teacher in charge for awhile! I told her we shouldn't shoot on the 17 because its a full moon!! To re-cap its $75 for the session with 2 images and to add the cd of all of the images its an extra $60., Hi again!! I'm not ignoring any of the recent messages I have recieved I'm just waiting to hear back from some folks before I can move forward with the bookings. I knew my sister was good but I had no idea how popular she was! I only have a few spots left on November 10 and 17 since we can't book that late into the day due to the sun setting at 4:30 then!!! Boo!! Anyways, to help answer some of the questions I'm getting the session fee for the day is $75 which includes 20 min of shoot time(believe me that is more then enough for all kiddos) and 2 digital high resloution photos of your choice emailed to you. If you can't pick just 2 you can purchase the cd with all of the images for $35. Her turn around with the cd is 2-2 1/2 weeks with all of the editting done. She does still have some aviablity for full photo sessions for the Christmas season if you want to grab one of those!, Hi everyone!! So I have hacked Emily's facebook account(with help from her of course because there is no way I could do that on my own) I can't believe the amount of inquries she has for mini sessions!! Since there is no way she can respond to all of them, edit the last sessions, work her full time job and take care of the kiddoes I'm helping out. I have responded to a bunch of requests allready if we aren't "friends" check your other folder. I'll continue to check messagess and book the November sessions for the rest of the day. We are doing the mini sessions on November 10 and 17 and have more requests then we have time available. I'm hoping to get everyone settled into a spot by next week and then an email to follow with details of the seesion will follow. Enjoy this beautiful October day! Best-Kate Youngclaus, Working on finishing up my mini sessions today!! I should have links out for everyone who came in the 6th by the end of the day!!!, October 20th, okay I have to share one more..... Diana I freaking love this shot of you with your little man!!!, I had to share one of the last frames of the night.  How perfect is he!! Every little boy should wear a scally cap and bow tie everyday just like Matthew... :) My son never lets me keep hats on him!!, Thank you so much to everyone that came today!! We had a blast! Previews to come very soon!!!!, iPhone shots of my super cute sets today!!!!, Previews!!!!, null, We have a cancelation at 2 today if anyone is around for the mini sessions!!!, Here is a sneak peak at what I have been working on today for the mini sessions tomorrow!! Lets just say I totally smell like a pine tree right now.... :), This photo is USUALLY what it looks like when I try to get a photo of all of them together!!, Here is Miss Josephine on another Christmas set!!, Yup this just happened......, My daughter Allison is one of my beautiful test models for today!!!  I will have lots more adorable previews later today!!!, null, This one is my favorite by far!!!!!, null, Its such an honor to be asked to do family portraits for a photographer you look up too!!!   Here is Elizabeth with Elizabeth Horne Photography and her family!!!  I had to post atleast one before attempting bedtime with my son!!! More to come!, Holy crap Fallon, I have finally finished your maternity and newborn photos!! Thank god for good friends who are patient. 

I normally don't show a preview with a binkie in but how amazing does Fallon look in that shot!!!, So I have been working on this project to get a Newborn shot, 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, and  year. I decided to use my niece Joey with her dog Duke.  The last shot in the frame is the 6 month shoot...... He wanted NOTHING to do with it!!!! This might be a retake... :), I promise I am responding to the 1,187 emails I need to respond too!!! If only i can train to the kids to return emails.... Maybe I should work on reading first....., I think I love this one more in B&W!  she is just too cute for words..... :), Its not possible that little Miss Josephine is 6 months old?! I feel like I was just doing her newborn photos!, One of my favorites from last year!! and will also be having this set this year! , So we are completely booked for the 20th with a cancelation list!! We have about 3 more spots open on the 6th though! 

Also we will be having 2 more dates in nov! I have already started a list of about a dozen people who are interested so let us know if you would liked to be added to this list!! 

Thank you!!!, Okay last one I swear..... :) My wicked awesome wedding party from last night.  You guys were hilarious! Thanks for making my job so easy!!, Can anyone guess what they are trying to recreate?!?, Amy this one is for you to make up for the bad one at Danielle's!!!  and its wicked adorable.... :), See I told you.... serious dance moves!!!, I was obsessed with their rings!!!!!  I love this one so much..., I love how this is how the wedding party usually ends up looking at the end of the night......

please notice the the safety pin holding the vest up. and its inside out... :)  they know how to have fun.... :), There was some serious dance moves at last nights wedding!!  Seriously I was kicked at least twice!!!

But I still have the best job ever.... :), null, Seriously.... how gorgeous is she?!??!, Thank you so much Tori and Scott for letting me be apart of your amazing wedding day! I don't think I have laughed that hard at a wedding in a long time.... :), So excited for Victoria and Scott's wedding today!! And it's a gorgeous day!!!, We added this to October 6th!! There are a TON of outdoor locations available here for a neutral set or fall themed set!!


Anyone who shares this status will also be entered to win a free mini session!!!!, Oh and this one too!!! She is just too perfect :), Another favorite from last year!!! :), Here is my little girl on the Christmas set!!, Here is a sample of what the fall set would look like!!, So the 20th is almost all booked up!! We still have some slots on the 6th. And was going to be setting up some fall sets for the 6th too since it will perfect timing!! 

Also we will be having some more dates in nov. we are just booking up these two first!, Here is one of the Christmas sets with some of my favorite little girls.... :), Okay I have FINALLY picked some dates for holiday mini sessions!! Email us before it books up!!

and everyone who shares this photo will enter for a chance to win a free slot at one of them!!!!!, Okay last one... for now :)  but really just holding her gave me baby fever!!  she's so precious!!, so sweet....., I am totally clogging your newsfeed with this child but really look at how perfect she is!!, LOVE this so much!!!, I got to meet this beautiful little girl today!! Meet Carolina.... 9 days new.... :), Thank you so much Kaylene and Andrew for letting me be apart of your beautiful wedding day!  Have a blast in Aruba!!, null, Wedding number 2 of the weekend!!!! I'm gonna need a massage tomorrow! :), Yeah my wedding party is no fun at all tonight..... :), Did I tell anyone the story about the mini Christmas trees in the background of this photo?? Just picture my sister and I on a golf cart with 5 kids under 5, me climbing up a cliff about 50 ft up to find the perfect ones, then us putting them on the roof while I hold all of them and Kate driving. Needless to say with 5 kids it did not goes as smoothly as I wrote it!!!! 

But I'm totally gonna use them again! They were perfect!!, Happy wedding day Kaylene and Andrew!!!! See you guys soon!', One more week Victoria and Scott!!! :), I don't know I might have to copy some ideas from last year!! What's more fall them cornstalks and bittersweet?!? :), And the fall ones of course.... :), Can you guess what's on my mind today?!?! That's right!! Planning my Christmas sets!!! :), They are ready Denise!!!!, Who thinks I'm crazy for wanting to wear boots to work a wedding today?!!! I so want it to be boot season!!! :), I thought this was appropriate for today. Happy birthday Maggie Jean!!!, You know what is a great feeling? When I bride contacts you who doesn't have a venue or a date yet and needs to know when I'm available next year because she needs to have me shoot her wedding..... That is a great feeling... :), And the beautiful Alayla..... Alli's first friend besides her cousins... :), Sasha is the next zoolander..... I wish i got a blue steel look though..... :), Seriously if you ever want to have the funniest conversation you need to talk to this kid.... cracks me up every time :), Here are the crazy neighbor kids!!!! :)  they are so fun....., Here is another location! East Bridgewater..., For those if you who don't think what I do is art needs to read the definition again...... There are no need for haters. I have even included it below for you. 

MOVING ON......

Definition of ART

1
: skill acquired by experience, study, or observation <the art of making friends>
2
a : a branch of learning: (1) : one of the humanities (2) plural : liberal arts
b archaic : learning, scholarship
3
: an occupation requiring knowledge or skill <the art of organ building>
4
a : the conscious use of skill and creative imagination especially in the production of aesthetic objects; also : works so produced
b (1) : fine arts (2) : one of the fine arts (3) : a graphic art
5
a archaic : a skillful plan
b : the quality or state of being artful
6
: decorative or illustrative elements in printed matter
 See art defined for English-language learners », Okay we have our winners!!!!!!!

after 681 SHARES!!!! thats crazy!!!!!  

here are the names:

Cheryl Mandigo Cinquerano
Kristen Buckley
Kate Pollock ( YAYY!!!)
Ryan Brownell David

Message me and we can pick a date!!

Thanks so much for everyone who shared this and helped build my page!!! I will do another one again maybe to give away some spots for my holiday mini sessions coming up in october!!, Well that took all of 10 hours and 270 SHARES to get over 1500!!!! you people are amazing!! I love seeing all the names of past clients on the shares too!!  I am still going to run this through sunday but now an striving for 2000!! If I can get 400 in 3 days why not?!?! 

Thanks so much for everyone who has participated so far!! 

You guys rock.... :)

the status to share is pinned at the top of my page!!!, Okay it looks like I will have to do my give away now!!!! 

So here are the rules:
Everyone who shares this status will get a chance a winning a free photo shoot with cd!! I will have it go through the weekend and after that I will print out the list of everyone who shared it and will literally have my  5 year old daughter pick 4 names out of a hat! 

There is one catch....... Who ever wins has to go to one of the 5 places I have been DYING to shoot at on the south shore. Trust me it will be worth it!! They all have gorgeous light!! 

Okay now lets see if I can get to 1500!  

Ready, set, GO!!!!!!, Okay really what's going on?!?!? 300 new people in 2 days????  I feel like I should do a give away if I get to 1500!!! :), So many new people on here!!! Where did you all come from?!? :) thanks for "liking" me.... :), sisterly love...., Do you know how long I have been waiting for a picture of all of them looking at me?!?!? Taking pictures of your OWN family is the hardest!!  But this makes it totally worth it, I got to take photos of my sister's family tonight!! I LOVE this one...., So great to meet you guys!! can't wait till your wedding...., they were so fun :), Love this one of Kaylene and Andrew.... :), I met my amazing bride and groom for sept. 7th tonight.... I can already tell its gonna be a great wedding :), Still going through all the emails and inquiries that I have gotten lately!!  I hope to respond to everyone by the end of the day.... Let's see if I can do it :), Thank you for all the inquiries but I am completely booked until October right now!! But I will have more information on holiday mini sessions coming up very soon!!, The summer mini sessions CDs are going out in the morning!!, How adorable is she?!?!?, Speaking of models..... Look at these poses!!!! I love it so much!!, Here is a sample of a family shoot I did recently....  Jack wanted nothing to do with getting his pictures taken. But Kate pulled out all the stops to get those smiles!!!


And who else thinks this family should model???  :), Some of my jewelry work!, From last weekends wedding!, Had to share this one out take from the mini sessions to prove that my sister will do ANYTHING to get the kids to smile.  :) anyone who have ever been to one can verify that! Honestly I don't know how I would do this with out her!

Info on my Fall and Christmas mini sessions will be coming out soon!!!, Another beautiful family shoot tonight!!! Now to try to pull an all nighter to edit.... Lets see if I can do it!!!!, I don't believe I ever looked this good this pregnant.  She really makes it look easy!!!, really stop being so cute... :), Photo shoot #3!!!

Seriously swooning over this photo..... cutest couple :), and this was the best 2 year old on a photo shoot ever :), I just want to squeeze her!!!, Photo shoot #2!!

These little girls..... sweetest little things on the planet :), ohhh and this one too :), Photo shoot #1!!

Jan's 60th birthday party down the cape :) Thank you so much for having me into your beautiful home! So many great shots from it but I just adored this one!!, Have I ever told anyone I have the best clients ever?!? :) 3 great photo shoots today. Previews to come!!!!!, Shooting a wedding today with the very talented Elizabeth Horne Photography!! I love working with this lady!! :), she's so sweet!, Love this!!, Little Miss Brooke :), previews!!, Kate and I want to thank everyone who came this weekend!  There were bee stings, babies on wheels, kids loosing their pants, lots of hokey pokey and I'm pretty sure I lost 10 pounds sweating.... But it was worth every minute. And I especially have to thank Kate for helping out! Everyone who came to the shoot knows I could not do it without her!!!, previews!!, I have a few last minute shots for anyone who is interested?? I'm getting really excited about the ideas for next weekend!, one more!!! for you fallon :), I LOVE this... anyone who knows Pat has been teasing him about becoming a father... turns out he is actually a natural..., null, This lady is going to be one amazing mama :), So excited to finally meet Mr. Patrick :), This field will be In bloom for about 2 more weeks!! If anyone is interested please let me know!!!, This field is in full bloom right now!! Anyone who has little girls this is the perfect place for a photo shoot!!, null, they make my job so easy :), I love that I get to do there family photo every year around 4th of July!!  Really could they be a cuter family!, Look at this lighting!!! Im in love! plus the wicked cute moment going on :), another awesome photo shoot tonight!!  I have the best clients :), everyone always comments on how great Duke is in the photo I did of him and Joey during her newborn shoot.  but in reality this is basically how he was the entire time :)  Rose and I were dying laughing throughout the whole thing :), love her so much.... my niece Joey, Miss Josephine :), Baby Joey is 3 months old!!, I am loving this shot...., To all of my past clients that have bought a CD from me, this is a great idea to do with the contact sheets I send with them!!! They are perfect for scrap booking!!, I am pretty sure he couldn't smile any bigger even if he tried... :), :), Stop.... I can't even handle this one..., LOVE...., yes this cuteness happened tonight..... :), null, null, love these of each of them...., :), so cute :), great photo shoot yesterday of these little cuties!!, Still booking for summer mini sessions!! I have a few spots left, message me if your interested!!!, I am officially on vacation till Tuesday!!! I have a 2 hour ride to work then I'm unplugging for the weekend!, Preview of some of my favorites...., I adore this shot of the bride and her maids..... :), The new Mr. & Mrs. Earl!, Congrats Brittany & Jamie!!! Your wedding was beautiful! Have a wonderful time on your honeymoon!, This is just insane that there is no police there!!, null, Handsome boy...., Stop the sweetness..., But its still always the laughing shots after the silly poses that I love best :), these two were a riot!! It was hard to pick my favorite with all the poses they did for me :), second photo shoot of the night!!!, one more!!! :), I will have lots more soon!!, :), I knew I would catch some smiles!!!, LOVE this.... she is too sweet :), Great shoot tonight! This is the last frame of the shoot.  Totally worth all the sweat and tears :), Almost have 1000 likes!!!! That's crazy! Who wants to help me get to 1000 by sharing my page?? :), this will just make you smile....., those dimples.... i can't handle them :), :), Look at this little cutie I got to take photos of tonight :), null, LOVE this shot. Ollie did not this i was too funny but he sure thought his momma was :), baby in a box!! :)  he loved the box too :), Love this, they were so fun..., Look at Oliver's face!!  what do you think he thinking??? :), such a cute family :), Another great photo shoot tonight!! Look at this little guy!, null, null, the whole fam...., this makes me happy :), Love these little ladies...., "nan" and her third granddaughter :), Love this family... :), :), LOVE this one.... Lucia is so sweet :), I had to share some of my photo shoot tonight with some people who are very dear to me... :), so cute!!, LOVE this!!, I love his little smile :), Great photo shoot tonight with Parker!!, book soon before it all fills up!!, null, I know I'm really bias but don't you think a good portion of your wedding budget should go towards photography??? You should be able  to go back and relive that beautiful 
day you put so much time and effort planning!!!, I am now booking for summer mini sessions!! I have had alot of inquiries already so if you are still interested please email me ( not face book message me) and I will give you some times!!!, Here is my favorite part of when you order a cd. I also send 8.5x11 contact sheets with all the edited photos on the cd so you can use them as a print guide when you order from places other than me.... :), I can't help it!! I have to add one more because I just LOVE this so much!!!, really like super model gorgeous..., one more... :), Love this lady, she's gonna be such a good mama :), LOVE this...., Look at this glamorous soon to be mama.... she gorgeous!!!, seriously, your family needs to stop being so cute. you are making the rest of us look bad.... :), This little face sure is making my monday morning alot easier!!, Steph! your adorable family photos will be done as soon as my little one decides to nap!!!, Happy friday everyone!

We are thinking of doing family mini sessions July 13 & 14????  But first wanted to see how many people would be interested!!  We would have about 20 spots available :), I need a nanny/housekeeper/assistant who wants to get paid in drewly baby kisses stat!!!!, My daughter's "5 year old" photo shoot.  I know I'm totally bias but she really is so beautiful., She LOVED the camera :), null, :), How beautiful is she?? :), I got to spend my evening with this little cutie...., Something to make you smile this morning :), okay one more.... :), LOVE!!, these types of shots are my absolute favorite...., such a cute family :), I really can't even handle his cuteness right now... :), AWESOME photo shoot tonight!! How cute is this!!!, Look what came in!!!, null, Phil's mini me :), goofs.... :), such a cute family!!!, Great photo shoot today with this little bugger!!, Yes that is Duke cuddling up behind her :), "Auntie really?? I'm so over this photo shoot.", This one is really special to me.  The headpiece she is wearing is made out of her great grandmother's necklaces and was worn as a bracelet at her mother's and her aunt's weddings.  

Meet my niece Josephine 9 days new.... :), Love this one so much of these two. :), null, My beautiful babies.... who are growing up way too fast.

Dress and tie by Two Sisters Originals, null, shooting a wedding today with Elizabeth Horne Photography
Go  check out her work.... It's fabulous!!! :), wow 900 likes!!!!  Thank you everyone!! I feel so blessed to do what I love to do everyday :), This little guy loves his mama :), How handsome is he?? :), null, Meet Lucas... :), Okay I had to share one more because he is just too cute!

outfit made my Mama Meg's Yarn Shoppe, WAIT!!! I take it back... this is my favorite shot of the day.  This was the frame before the last one, null, I think its his little finger I love in this shot :), LOVE this so much!!!, Meet little Noah.... so sweet :), Look at this little beauty :), The warm weather is coming!! Book your session soon before I'm all booked up! :), Someone thinks their mama is funny.... :), Who doesn't love a baby in a basket??! :), Favorite shot of the day....., She looks like a little doll!! so sweet :), I got to meet little miss Quinn today!!, How cute is she??? :), :), beautiful Payton :), great photo shoot today!!!  so good to meet you guys!, your photos are uploading!! this is a timeline cover size photo for you! :), My adorable cousin.... who we love!!  oh and Alli's new best friend... :), :), :), Love this one..., Who needs an updated headshot?!? I would love to do one for you!!, This one is my favorite Kristy!, I got to meet this beautiful little munchkin today :), this is the reason I love shooting in the snow. Who was to shoot the next time it snows?!, I wish I remembered what kate did in this one.. :), Finishing up the mini sessions today!!  Hoping to have everyones emailed to them tonight!!, null, I love this one even more!! The kids just come to life with there parents. I would have never caught that smile without mom in there :), Just finishing up editing for the night.  I just wanted to share this.  My favorite part of the session is when the parents jump in!, Wow almost 100 new likes in 24 hours!! That's crazy!!!, Thank you to everyone who came this weekend!! It is the best feeling to love what you are doing and have so many people behind you supporting you. Now it's time to find a STUDIO!!!!, one more for the night..., previews!, Previews!!, Okay someone NEEDS to find a good caption for this photo. The look on Marcello's face is priceless!!, 22 photo shoots this weekend!! and we are so excited about them! there are still  2 spots available for anyone who is interested!, 3 spots left!!!! Who wants them :), only 5 spots left for the mini sessions!! Let us know if your interested before they all fill up!!!, null, null, We still have some slots left for the mini sessions! Let Kate know if your interested!!, Look what I'm working on today!!, Okay here is the info for the mini sessions!!! Email Kate today to book!, null, I love the holidays but i am so happy they are over so I can catch up on all my work!! I owe this beautiful lady some previews!!! Stay tuned for lots of get photos from their wedding :), Okay last one, I just couldn't resist showing this!!, love this one...., such a cutie :), null, little miss Mae, So beautiful...., For all you last minute shoppers this is a great present for any parents on your list!!!, Who would be interested in valentines day mini sessions???? It could be a great gift for mom or dad!!!, ummm seriously?!? how cute is this!, I love this, even though he is half between laughing and crying :), Great family shot from todays session! now it's time for some serious editing... :), Love this of my brothers-in-law Ryan & Riley. The only way I could get there real smiles is when they were beating each other up :), Just one more cause i love it... :), Look at the little smirk on her face!  love it, So cute!!, I got to meet these cuties today!!! :), Tori its in the mail today!!!, 397!! Wow almost at 400 likes!! That seems crazy to me!!!, Can't even stand it!!!, Finishing up editing this lovely session... :), All of the holiday mini sessions are now online and everyone was sent and email with a link!! Please let me know if you did not receive one.  And for everyone who bought a CD they are in the mail!!, Congrats Danielle & Josh!!! Thank you so much for letting me be apart of such an important day for you two. It was an absolutely beautiful wedding!!, Getting ready to go shoot my last wedding of the season! And I am so exciting that it is SNOWING!!!!, Soooo much editing to do but i thought i would take a break to show you these cute ladies!!, how fun are they?!?!, null, How cute is she?!?, Love this.... this would look so good blown up, I hardly ever show shots of them walking off set but this one was just to cute to pass up!!!, I got to meet this little cutie today. Erin is was so good to see you and your family!!, Please forgive my lack of responses to comments, private messages and emails. We lost someone very close to us and have been coping with that.  I promise I will be returning messages very soon!!  And for all those waiting for mini sessions CD's I promise I will make the deadline I told you!!!, denise she is so beautiful!!!!, love this little santa baby :), Anyone who is looking for me I am shutting off my computer  until saturday to be with me family.  I will return all emails after that!, My knees are bruised, my back is killing me but it was totally worth it for the 24 shoots i did this weekend!! and I could not have done it with out my sister! I think everyone who was at the shoots would agree with me on that!!! Thanks to everyone who came this weekend!!!, i love these two.... :), DAY 2!!, seriously, can you even handle this cuteness right now???!!, this is my beautiful cousin, who is literally glowing at the end of her pregnancy. she is going to be the best mom!!, We couldn't leave homer out of the festivities!!!, null, Okay we have one slot open saturday at 12:30!!!! let me know if your interested!!!, Nana and all her grandkids.... and to think there will be one more!!! :), 23 photo shoots this weekend!! Wish me luck!, null, null, Absolutely love this!!!, Thank you so much Kristin and Blaine for letting me be apart of your beautiful day. I think it says alot when I cry at a wedding for people I met for the first time!!  The whole wedding was absolutely beautiful!!, I'm almost at 300 likes!!! who wants to help me get there??! :), I freaking love this...., This is what I wish I could do allllll day..... :), null, I FINALLY fixed my page so you can write recommendations on it!  I would LOVE if any of my clients could talk a few seconds to write some love under recommendations that would be greatly appreciated!!, For anyone waiting for a mini sessions cd they will be mailed out Monday morning!!!, null, so stinken cute!!, cutest little turtle I ever saw!!, null, Great photo shoot tonight! What a cute family!!, Don't forget about gift certificates for this holiday season! It makes the prefect present!!, And we are all booked after 48 hours!!, I'm half booked only after 24 hours!! Book soon if your thinking about it!, Book today before it fills up! Slots are from 10am to 3pm, null, null, null, null, Absolutely beautiful shoot tonight! I'm so excited to be shooting Victoria and Scott's wedding next September!!, null, Congrats Tiffanii and Al! your wedding was beautiful! I can't wait to share more images with you...., A preview of their engagement session!, Beautiful couple!!, She was completely horrified by what I asked her to do but it was totally worth it, I'm very excited about shooting Brittany and Jamie's wedding next year! The whole session I could just tell how much Jamie adores Brittany and this shot just proves it... :), My beautiful friend Katie, who is 6 months pregnant. I would have killed to look this good!! :), null, I'm in love with this baby... :), null, null, Danielle look what I'm working on today!!!! :), Really could she be any cuter!?!, Got my Maggie fix for the day!!, I LOVE this shot, this is that last look before their oldest son gets married.  , null, There is nothing more innocent then a sleeping baby... :), 6 slots left!!!, LOVE this..., love this moment...., Anyone who knows Renee knows how much she loves her cat, Luigi. Really its their first child :) So since Julian has come home he has NOT been happy about it. So at the end of our shoot he finally come over to check him out. I think he might be coming around!, Meet Julian. 12 days young :), null, null, I'm in love with her, Maggie's first photo shoot... :)  4 days young, null, Second day has been added by popular demand!! pick your time slot before it all fills up!, this ones for Mike :), null, null, How stinkin cute is his little face!!, My super fun wedding party!!, right after they got married... :), I'm a little in love with this...., thank you so much for letting me be apart of such a special day! everything was absolutely prefect. I can't wait to share the images from it!!!, the girls and the boys... :), the girls...., and so is she.... :), He is just too cute..., ummm.. can you even handle the 2 little ones on the end??! they are the cutest!, these are the shots that I love, breaking all the rules of what a "portrait" should be...., what a fun family!, LOVE this!!!!, great photo shoot tonight! I'm so excited for their wedding in three months!, All booked!!!  I was thinking I might do a second day if i get enough interested people.... Let me know!, null, LOVE this.., Last shot of the night. great idea going to the fair sarah! love it......, great shoot with the Coveney's tonight!, one more for the day... :), I am so lucky to have such great clients. I LOVE MY JOB...., null, Ok Renee, I'm gonna need these shoes and this rug ready for Julian's photo shoot!! :), I think these are my favorite flower of the summer, null, :), Little miss Lily :), How sweet is she..., Anyone looking for portraits for christmas cards should book soon!  it will be here before you know it!!, My favorite image from editing today... :), If anyone is looking for summer portraits with a beautiful backdrop let me know soon! this field will only be in bloom for a couple more weeks!!, null, Sweet baby Daniella... I can't get enough of her little face.. :), Can't wait to meet little miss Maggie... :), Here is my sister 9 months pregnant with her third, and still looking this glamorous....., one more... they were so fun!, so beautiful...., null, null, null, LOVE!, I wish I looked this cute when I was pregnant!, Just wanted to share one more of you guys!, Little beauty, Sweet Daniella...., null, null, Great photo shoot tonight with a great family! So good to see you guys again!, I don't know why but I LOVE this photo!  Ashley this would look amazing blown up big...., How beautiful is this lady? she is going to be one gorgeous bride!, null, Nicole had such cute ideas!, Adorable maternity shoot today!!, Love this one of Kristen...., can't wait to meet little Christopher!!, this might be the happiest little girl I know :), null, My baby boy...., What do you think? Do they look alike??, null, Hi Everyone! Just wanted to tell everyone that I have changed my name from EVphoto to Emily Noel Photography!  I added a link to my new website.  Please share with all your friends!!

http://emilynoelphotography.com/index2.php#/home/, null, null, My little ham.... :), null, null, null, Love this family... :), Loved this shot from doing christmas photos this morning!!!, null, null, Matthew Coveney was born almost one month ago but was only 29 weeks along....  He is doing great now and looks just like his older brother!!  I'm so Happy for the Coveney Family!, null, null, null, Photo shoot tonight..... such a cute family!, null)