List(Thanks to Ben Weisberger at No. 9 Park and Amanda McLaughlin at Tico for naming our brunch dishes among their favorites in a recent Eater Boston article! What's your favorite brunch item?, The perfect way to start the weekend., We’ve got you covered for steak and seafood on Christmas Day! Thanks to OpenTable for including us among the top restaurants in New England for lobster on Christmas Day., Thanks to Boston Common Magazine for including our Fiery Orchard Cider among the city's top apple cocktails for fall! What's your favorite fall drink?, Thanks to Schweid and Sons for featuring our signature Abe's prime burger! Topped with caramelized onions and aged cheddar cheese, it's definitely one of our favorite items on the lunch menu., We're so excited to be included in the upcoming Boston episode of Robert Earl's "Be My Guest" on the Cooking Channel! Tune in this Monday, Sept. 14 at noon EST for the full episode featuring us and our sister restaurant, Atlantic Fish Co. Check out a few behind-the-scenes photos from filming with Executive Chef Tindaro LoSurdo and host Robert Earl., We are so proud to be among Wine Spectator’s Award of Excellence recipients for 2015! Click below to learn more about how we design our extensive wine list to pair with our prime selection of steaks., We are honored to be named the best steakhouse in Massachusetts by Business Insider! As always, we take pride in offering our guests the best selection of USDA Prime, Midwestern steaks., Stop by and join us for the Red Sox vs. Yankees game tonight!, Happy 4th of July to all of our friends! Have fun and be safe!, Thankyou Patrick for being such a good friend of Abe & Louie's!, Give the gift of a memorable Father's Day meal this year. Join us for brunch specials starting at 10 a.m. or enjoy our full dinner menu all day., We are so honored to be named Zagat Boston's most popular restaurant! As always, it's our pleasure to serve you., Father's Day is right around the corner! Book your reservations now for brunch or dinner to celebrate your dad!, Memorial Day is also National Wine Day. Celebrate both with us! Come in between 4pm and 6pm on Monday to taste and talk about a great American wine with our sommelier, Matt, right at your table!, Bacon makes everything better. Thanks to MainStreet for naming our wood-fired bacon appetizer among the country's most amazing meals for bacon lovers! What's your favorite bacon dish?, Congratulations to all the 2015 graduates!, Show your appreciation for mom by treating her to a delectable brunch featuring specials like fresh lobster and shrimp omelette and fluffy blueberry pancakes topped with Vermont maple syrup. Our full dinner menu is also available all day. For reservations, please call 617-536-6300., Thanks to Ben Weisberger at No. 9 Park for naming our burger as his favorite local burger in a recent Eater Boston article. It's definitely one of our favorite items on the lunch menu. What's your favorite place for a burger?, Good luck to all the 2015 Boston Marathon runners!, null, Its a beautiful evening on the patio!, Be sure to stop in tomorrow for the Red Sox Opening Day at Fenway! The bar will be open at 10am and the game will be on at 3pm!, Congrats to our Boston Red Sox on a great #OpeningDay win yesterday! Thanks to David Ortiz  for naming us as one of his favorite restaurants in the city during a recent interview with The Boston Globe. We’re always proud to support our hometown team!, Hoping everyone had a safe and happy Easter!, We're getting ready for the second week of #DineOutBoston. Who's joining us for lunch today? Our exclusive menu is available for $25., Sample the proprietary blends of Frog's Leap wines paired with our warm winter flavors, including cherry chutney Colorado lamb chop and porcini-crusted ribeye steak during our next wine dinner on Monday, March 9 at 6 p.m. Limited space available. Please call (617) 536-6300 for reservations., Our sommelier, Ben Appleby, in our wine room with a bottle from his new wine list. Stop in this weekend and sample the new sections., Apologies friends. We will be closed for lunch tomorrow but will reopen for dinner. Stay safe, Boston., Avoid the dinner crowds this Valentine's Day weekend and celebrate with brunch. We're open at 11 a.m. on Saturday and Sunday serving up signature specials like our lobster and shrimp omelette., Thanks to all our guests who joined us for the New England Patriots Super Bowl parade today!, Start the celebrations for Boston's best right here with us! We're open early tomorrow to celebrate the New England Patriots Super Bowl victory. The bar opens at 10 a.m. and lunch starts at 11:30 a.m., We're so proud to be part of this amazing city. Thanks to all of our guests for their understanding during our closure due to the blizzard. We are back to normal operating hours and look forward to serving you soon. #BostonStrong, Due to weather conditions and for the safety of our staff and guests, we will remain closed for dinner. We will re-open as soon as we can. We appreciate your understanding., Celebrate National New England Clam Chowder Day with us. In 2014, together with our sister restaurants Atlantic Fish Co and Joe's American Bar & Grill, we served 59,020 bowls and 142,364 cups of chowder using more than 4,000 gallons of fresh quahogs., Sample the proprietary blends of Frog's Leap wines paired with our warm winter flavors, including cherry chutney Colorado lamb chop and porcini-crusted ribeye steak during our next wine dinner on Monday, Feb. 2 at 6 p.m. Please call (617) 536-6300 for reservations., Happy New Year! Ring in 2015 with us for brunch. We're open at 11:30 a.m. serving a selection of a la carte specials including Madagascar vanilla-soaked brioche French Toast, slow-roasted prime rib hash served with crispy potatoes, eggs and truffle hollandaise, and Grand Marnier soaked strawberries with honey whipped cream., From all of us to all of you, Merry Christmas, We're happy to prepare your steak precisely to your liking. One of our favorite ways is au poivre, coated with loosely cracked peppercorns and then cooked., Make us your home for the holidays. Join us Christmas Eve from 11:30 a.m. - 10 p.m. and Christmas Day from 4 - 10 p.m. It's our pleasure to serve you. Call (617) 536-6300 for reservations., Give the gift of good taste this holiday season. Now through Dec. 31, you'll receive a $25 bonus card for every $150 spent on gift cards., Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Abe & Louie's. Have a great day celebrating with family and friends., We’re known for our quality steak selection, but we also offer a variety of fresh seafood dishes. Our classic Lobster Savannah is made with two lobsters, fresh vegetables, and is finished with lemon and parsley. The impressive plate is more than enough to share!, Our sommelier, Ben Appleby, was recently recognized for his expertise by the Portuguese port wine society (the Instituto dos Vinhos do Douro e Porto). He's pictured here with sixth generation port wine maker, David Guimaraens. Congratulations, Ben!, Elevate this year's Thanksgiving side dish with a little help from us. Try our take on creamed corn made with applewood-smoked bacon and topped with crispy panko breadcrumbs. Get the full recipe here: http://abeandlouies.com/abe-louies-signature-creamed-corn/, Gather around our table this Thanksgiving. Join us for a a three-course dinner including Maine lobster bisque, traditional dinner featuring local turkey from Mainstone Farm, and pumpkin cheesecake. Call (617) 536-6300 to make reservations., If you ask us, bacon makes everything better. We feature Nueske’s applewood-smoked bacon in a variety of menu items, but our most popular bacon dish is our signature wood-fired bacon appetizer served with blue cheese, whole grain mustard and peppadew relish., It's not too early to book your Thanksgiving Reservations! Join us for a special 3 course Thanksgiving Feast with the freshest turkeys from Mainstone Farms in Wayland Mass! Call 617-536-6300 to reserve your Thanksgiving table!, It's not too late to reserve for our Tavistock Collection Wine Dinner! Call 617-536-6300 to secure your reservation! Limited seating available., Join us Monday, Sept. 29 at 6 p.m. for an exclusive wine dinner featuring Tavistock Reserve Collection. Reservations for the three-course custom pairing dinner handcrafted by Executive Chef Tindaro Losurdo are still available. Please call (617) 536-6300 for more information., http://ow.ly/i/6KKf6   Check out Chef's Bacon Wrapped Scallops with Carrot Puree and Candied Bacon!, null, null, The second week of #DineOutBoston starts today. Have you made your lunch reservations? As always, we look forward to serving you., Dine Out Boston has officially begun. Join us now through Aug. 22 and Aug. 24-29 for lunch. Thanks to Zagat for including us among the best offers for the event. , Get a head start on your Restaurant Week lunch reservations starting Monday August 18th!  http://ow.ly/Aii6w, Come in and join us at the bar to watch the Red Sox beat the Yankees at Fenway!, Thanks to 2014 Patriots Hall of Fame inductee Ty Law for the shout out during his Twitter chat earlier this week.  We’re always proud to support our hometown team! For more updates from Abe & Louie’s, follow us on Twitter at @AbeandLouiesBos http://ow.ly/zTUXb, The sun is shining! Join us for lunch on the patio!, In celebration of National Grilling Month, our own Chef Tindaro LoSurdo if offering up expert tips and tricks to help you grill the perfect steak. Today's tip: don’t flip it too much. Sear the steak on each side and then move it to a higher shelf with less heat to finish cooking., We are honored to be named as Eater Boston's best steakhouse. Thank you all for taking the time to show your support and vote us to the top spot. As always, we're proud to serve you. , This is it! We made it to the final round of voting for Eater Boston's favorite Boston steakhouse. It's a battle of the ampersands as we face off against Smith & Wollensky. Voting is open today until 3 p.m. Thank you all again for the support. , On to round three of voting for Eater Boston's favorite Boston steakhouse. Thank you again for showing your support for Abe & Louie's. The third round of voting is open until 9 p.m. tonight., We made it to the next round of voting for Eater Boston's favorite steakhouse proving we have the best customers around. The second round of voting is open again until 9 p.m. tonight. Thank you so much for your support.  , Thanks to your nominations, we've made it to Eater Boston's first round of voting for favorite Boston steakhouse. You can vote for Abe & Louie's in the "On the Aged Side and Unique to Boston" category until 9 p.m. tonight. Thank you again for your support.   , From filet mignon to porterhouse, our friends at Eater Boston want to know what makes the cut for your favorite steakhouse. You can show your support for Abe & Louie's by nominating us using the hashtag #BOSsteak or commenting on the link below. Make your selections tonight by 9 p.m. Thank you for your patronage. 

http://boston.eater.com/archives/2014/07/07/nominate-favorite-boston-steakhouse.php, Happy Fourth of July from everyone here at Abe & Louie's! Have a safe and happy holiday., Thanks to 10best for recognizing Abe & Louie's among the "10 Best Steakhouses in Boston."  As always, it's a pleasure to serve you. , Here’s to Dad and times shared at his favorite steak house. Happy Father’s Day from Abe & Louie’s., The gift dad truly deserves –– join us on Father’s Day for a specially prepared dinner featuring a 20-ounce wood-grilled porterhouse steak served with Maker's Mark red onion jam. Call 617-536-6300 to make your reservations., You’re cordially invited to our Connoisseurs’ Wine Dinner featuring Bouchaine Vineyard wines and expertly paired cuisine created in partnership with Atlantic Fish., null, Our sister restaurant Joe's American Bar & Grill Newbury Street hosted 200 of Boston's finest first responders for brunch this morning to thank them for their hard work throughout the year. #HumanityLivesHere #BostonStrong, Congratulations to all the runners (and their families) for participating in today's Marathon. We couldn't be prouder to be part of this great city. #BostonStrong #BostonRunsAsOne #HumanityLivesHere, "Courage is not having the strength to go on; it's going on when you don’t have the strength." #BostonStrong #HumanityLivesHere, #BostonRunsAsOne #HumanityLivesHere, Congrats to all the B.A.A. 5K runners in Back Bay this morning! #BostonRunsAsOne, We support Boston both inside and out. #HumanityLivesHere #BostonStrong, We're proud to be from Boston. #BostonStrong http://ow.ly/i/5i5Q9, Our preparations have begun for Marathon Monday. We’re excited to cheer on this year’s runners and we know you are too. We’re hosting a private event Monday afternoon, but will be ready to start the after party Monday evening.  Feel free to give us a call if you have any questions: (617) 536-6300., Because we're better together. #HumanityLivesHere #BostonStrong, Together, we are stronger. #BostonStrong #HumanityLivesHere, Dedicated to serving you, Boston #HumanityLivesHere #BostonStrong, We're dedicated to serving all those dedicated runners out there. #BostonRunsAsOne, As always, we’re proud to serve today and every day. #BostonStrong, In Memoriam: of those who endured, braved, and overcame adversity. #BostonStrong #HumanityLivesHere, We've planted yellow flowers outside our restaurant on Boylston St. in honor of last year's Boston Marathon runners and this year's determined participants. #HumanityLivesHere #BostonRunsAsOne, null, Join us all this week as we honor those affected by last year's Boston Marathon bombings and support this year's runners as they cross the finish line. #HumanityLivesHere, Wine connoisseurs, TONIGHT is your night. Join us for a special five-course dinner featuring our finest flavors and Caymus Vineyards’ finest selections. Only a few spots left. Call now: 617-536-6300., Book your space for our upcoming Caymus Vineyards Wine Dinner on March 24th: five courses featuring Cioppino fisherman’s stew, garlic-charred Delmonico ribeye, and roasted peach crème brulee, perfectly paired with the Wagner Family of Wines’ selection. Space is limited. Call: 617-536-6300., Wine connoisseurs, this is your night. Join us for a special five-course dinner featuring our finest flavors and the Wagner Family of Wines. Call: 617-536-6300., Reserve your seat at our next Wine Dinner on March 24 featuring Caymus Vineyards’ finest selections paired with our classically prepared cuisine. RSVP today: 617-536-6300., Pittsburgh Prime Sirloin , Wild mushroom vinaigrette and cauliflower purée. Paired with 2011 Los Chamizal Vineyard Sonoma County Valley Zinfandel. Yummy!, Grilled Lamb T-Bone, Dried Cherry and Goat Cheese Salad, Greg Gauthier Wine Dinner!! What a terrific wine maker., It’s not too late. Book your space for our upcoming Gauthier Cellars Wine Dinner: five courses featuring Blue Point oysters, lobster arrabiatta linguine and grilled lamb, perfectly paired with Gauthier wines. Space is limited. Call: 617-536-6300., Love is in the air... Happy Valentine's Day!!!!, Experience the perfect combination of our decadent cuisine and Gauthier Cellars’ expertly chosen wine. Reserve your table today., Mark your calendars for our upcoming wine dinner on Feb 17 featuring Gauthier Cellars. Our special guest, Greg Gauthier, will lead you through five courses of our finest cuisine paired with expertly chosen wines. RSVP today: 617-536-6300., Greg Gauthier Wine Dinner on Monday, February 17th at 6:30 pm. Make your reservations now. Call 617-536-6300. More information to follow..., Meet Winemaker Greg Gauthier at our upcoming Wine Dinner. Monday, February 17th at 6:30pm. Call 617-536-6300 for reservations. More details to follow., Baby it's cold outside... Stop in for one of our delicious steaks. It will definitely warm you up., Don't want to cook tonight? Well let us do the cooking for you. A filet
Mignon with Lobster Mac n Cheese sounds perfect on this cold evening., Happy New Year from all of us at Abe & Louie's. We will be open regular hours today. We won't let a little snow bother us. Stop in and see us., We're so thankful for the people, the food, and the friendships we've made so far. Good times, with plenty more to come., Wishing you a happy holiday season from our family at Abe & Louie's to yours. We will be serving amazing feasts and making memories this Thursday for Thanksgiving from 11:30 am-10:00pm. Check out our menu and call to reserve!, With all of our choices, sometimes choosing something for brunch can be hard. That's why we came up with Eggs Benedict 3-Ways, featuring filet mignon, crab cake, and lobster. Don't worry, we've got you covered. (Photo by Linh P. on Yelp), For National Vegan Month, we've come up with a nicely crisp, perfectly seasoned center-cut Cauliflower Steak just for our vegans and vegetarians. This is your month!, Brrr, it's cold outside! Stop by Abe & Louie's to warm up with our Prime Porterhouse for two, featuring wood-fired 40 ounces of juicy goodness., We're cooking up a traditional Thanksgiving Dinner that will make you feel right at home. Some dishes include Butternut Squash and Roasted Apple Soup and Mesculin Salad with Dried Currant, Candied Pecans and Vermont Goat Cheese.The classic turkey breast will be cooked to perfection, and we've got amazing dessert for after. Stay tuned for the full details and call us to reserve!, We want to thank all the veterans and families who have served our country and fought for freedom. We thank you., Perfectly poached eggs over juicy lump crab meat...one of our favorites for weekend brunch is the Crab Cake Benedict. So good. Stop by for brunch tomorrow! (Photo by Ivanka B. on Yelp), We've been really into our Filet Mignon Club lately. The meat is so unbelievably juicy, and the sweet potato fries that come with it have the perfect texture. (Photo by Lianna N. on Yelp), Abe & Louie's is ready for the parade! We are Boston Strong!! Way to go Red Sox on your victory!!, Happy Halloween!!!! Stop in for dinner before you fill up on candy. 🎃🍫🍬🍭, Do you have a case of the Monday's? Abe & Louie's has the cure...stop in and have dinner with us., Way to go BIG PAPI!! Home run!, Wow... Bar is packed with Boston Red Sox fans waiting for Game 2! Go SOX! Stop in and see the action and have a cocktail and dinner!, Stop into and watch the Red Sox Game with us at Abe's., Have you had lunch yet today? Stop into Abe & Louie's and have lunch with Brian at the bar!, It's a beautiful evening in Boston. Stop into the bar and help us cheer on the Red Sox!, Winemaker Eric & Kit Flanagan introducing the wine pairings with Chef Tindaro's creations., Flanagan Wine Dinner tonight at Abe & Louie's. More to come!, Congratulations Raj!! Winner of Tavistock Reserve Chardonnay contest! We are so proud of you!, Come on join us at our next wine dinner. Flanagan Wine Dinner on Monday, September 23rd. Chef Tindaro has prepared a great menu to pair with some amazing wines. Call Abe & Louie's for details 617-536-6300, Stop in and Celebrate California Wine Month with a glass of Tavistock Reserve Chardonnay and Crab Tots!, Mmmmm. Yummy 7 layer chocolate cake. What a perfect mid afternoon treat., Today is National Bacon Day...stop in and try out our Wood-Fired Bacon Appetizer., Some of the wine pairings., Trefethen Wine Dinner. Fantastic menu prepared by Chef Tindaro., It's not too late to be apart of the Trefethen Wine Dinner on Monday August 19th at 6:30 pm. Please contact Brent at bhayes@tavistockrestaurants.com for more information., Today is National Rum Day and Matt is pouring his favorite rum. Stop in to find out which one., Today is National Filet Mignon Day. What a great way to celebrate then at Abe & Louie's., It's a beautiful evening to sit outside on our patio and enjoy dinner., Stop in and see what specials Chef Tindaro is preparing tonight., Stop in for a drink and say hello to some of your favorite bartenders., Trefethen Wine Dinner August 19th. Details to come...Hope to see you at. Abe & Louie's., On Parents Day, spoil mom and dad with a porterhouse for two!, Did you know that today is National Scotch Day? Stop by and let one of our bartenders pour you one., What are your plans for the weekend?? Make sure to stop into Abe & Louie's and try our new Tuna Tartar., Roasted Vegetable Risotto with Cajun Halibut is tonight's special!!! Come in and try Chef Tindaro's masterpiece., Brian is at the bar serving up the newest cocktail sensation: cucumber sage martini!, Have you heard the news?  Abe & Louie's won Boston's Best bar food!, Happy Birthday America!!!, Tindaro's secret tip for a juicy burger on the grill.

Before you grill the burger, drop in an ice bath and leave for 30 seconds.  After the ice bath, season with your favorite seasonings!, Chet's selection of artisan cheeses and dips with wild berries paired 2010 PlumpJack Merlot, Napa Valley, Applewood Smoked Bacon Wrapped Filet Mignon with Buttermilk Blue Cheese studded Mashed Potato and Roasted Wild Mushroom Vinaigrette paired with 2009 Cade Estate Cabernet Sauvignon, Howell Mountain. Yummy, Wood Charred Mediterranean Marinated Octopus with feta, pomegranate & Frisse Salad paired with 2011 PlumpJack Reserve Chardonnay, Napa Valley, Plumpjack & Cade Wine Dinner going on now at Abe & Louie's.
Winemaker Aaron Miller is speaking of his wine and Chef Tindaro is pairing each course., Score=Bruins!!!, Let's Go Boston!!! Bruins Strong!, The new summer menu is here and includes a Prime bone-in double cut pork chop, YUM! Tim's Favorite, Grilled Neuske Bacon appetizer with blue cheese crumbles, whole grain mustard and peppadew relish! http://ow.ly/d/1iWP, Congratulations Eileen Martin! Top chef, Tindaro Losurdo and Sous Chef Patrick Lally cooked up a private five course wine dinner for the big winner of the American Heart Association auction.  Thank you to Brent Hayes who paired each course with the perfect wine!  http://ow.ly/d/1iWz, Join us for an exclusive Plumpjack & Cade wine dinner on Tuesday, June 25th.  Seating is extremely limited so make your reservation today!  Reception starts at 6:30 pm, Dinner at 7pm.   http://ow.ly/d/1iot, Another great reason to celebrate in Boston...June is National Steakhouse Month!, Love martinis? Join us in supporting the Life is good Playmakers and sample 10 unique variations of the classic drink this Wednesday at Joe's American Bar & Grill on the Waterfront! Call 781-817-4411 for tickets., Celebrating Mother's Day, Happy Mother's Day! Enjoy a beautiful rose as our way of saying Thank You for all that you do., Treat your Mom to something special this Mother's Day!, Look who stopped in for dinner tonight...Kevin Spacey with Abe's Managers Lew & Brian, null, It's so good to see our friends again!, Boylston is bustling.  The flowers are blooming on the patio.  And Abe & Louie's Boston is ready to re-open (5pm today)!  We're looking forward to seeing our friends!, WE'RE OPENING SATURDAY at 5PM
Chef Tindaro and the whole team at Abe's can’t wait to see our friends & neighbors! 
Thank you for all of your support!, The sun is shining, and we are almost ready to re-open.  We look 
forward to seeing you again soon!, Abe & Louie's on Boylston will remain closed while the investigation work continues.  We'll be sure to post an update as soon as we have a firm reopening date.  We're looking forward to seeing everyone again soon!, Saturday, April 20 - Abe & Louie's in Boston remains closed due to the continuing investigation work along Boylston Street.  We'll update everyone as soon as we have more information.  Thank you for your support., Thank you for your kind messages.  
Abe & Louie’s will remain closed today, Friday, April 19. Please continue to check our website and Facebook page for updates., Abe & Louie’s will remain closed today, Thursday, April 18.  Our sister restaurant, Joe’s American Bar & Grill on Newbury Street, is open. Please continue to check our website and Facebook page for updates., Abe & Louie's in Boston will remain closed today, Wednesday April 17, due to the ongoing investigation along Boylston Street.  We will post updates with the latest information as it becomes available. Thank you for your support, concern and well wishes during these challenging days.  Our hearts go out to all who have suffered.  Our prayers are with them and the great City of Boston., Abe & Louie's in Boston will remain closed today.  Our thoughts and prayers are with those who were affected by yesterday's tragedy in Boston., Abe & Louie's has been closed temporarily in response to the explosions which occurred at the finish line of the Boston marathon.
 
Currently, there are no reports of injury to our guests or employees at any of the restaurants. All guests and empoyees have been evacuated.
 
“The safety of our employees and guests is our highest priority at this time,” said Tavistock Restaurants CEO Bryan Lockwood. “We are awaiting additional information and details on the circumstances surrounding this unfortunate incident. Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those who have been affected by this tragedy.”, Everyone is accounted for, and have been safely evacuated from the restaurant. We will update as we learn more., Join us for dinner, may we suggest the Filet Mignon Club sandwich?, One of our favorite cocktails is featured in today's issue of Improper Bostonian Magazine! Check out Abe & Louie's signature cocktail "The Bostonian"., We're enjoying Shrimp Cocktail on this beautiful spring evening..., Here's a great article from The Huffington Post about wine pairing, which includes a simple chart that can turn even the most confused wine shopper into a sommelier., How about some of our famous Butterscotch Bread Pudding to reward yourself this weekend?, null, null, We're so excited for our wine pairing dinner with Duckhorn Vineyards on Monday 3/25! Tickets are still available, please RSVP to 781-817-4416., Our beloved Butterscotch Bread Pudding is featured on SheKnows as a celeb-worthy dessert! Read about it here

http://www.sheknows.com/entertainment/articles/986333/celeb-worthy-desserts-from-around-the-country/page:2, Join us on Monday, March 25th at 6:30PM for our special five course wine pairing dinner with Duckhorn Vineyards! Please RSVP to 781-817-4416., Join us for Restaurant Week Boston, starting Monday we will be serving up a 3 course lunch for $20.13. Some menu highlights include our take on the classic French Onion Soup, and Broiled King Salmon., This warm weather makes us excited to dust off our outdoor seating. Soon you will be able to enjoy your steak on our sidewalk patio!, We're excited to announce our upcoming Duckhorn Vineyards Wine Dinner on March 25. 

Menu items include English Mustard & Oregano seared Colorado Lamb Chop w/ Roasted Shallot Wilted Rainbow Swiss Chard served with Duckhorn's 2009 Goldeneye Estate Grown Gowan Creek Vineyard Pinot Noir. 

Check back soon for information about ticket sales!, Boston weather is finally warming up! Celebrate spring with a glass of our Back Bay Sangria., Want more updates from Abe & Louie's? Follow us on Twitter @AbeandLouiesBos
https://twitter.com/AbeandLouiesBos, Snow on the forecast in Boston tomorrow... Sounds like a steak and potatoes kind of day to us! Cozy up at Abe's with a glass if red and a bone-in filet., TGIF! How about one of our signature cocktails to kick off your weekend?, Not only was Monday night's wine tasting event with Go Red For Women - American Heart Association a blast, it also raised nearly $900.00 for the Go Red Campaign! We're proud to be able to support such a worthy cause. A few snapshots from the evening:, null, Had a blast at last night's wine tasting event to benefit Go Red For Women - American Heart Association! Thanks to all who attended to support the cause (and munch on housemade bites from our bacon, oyster and satay stations!)., The countdown is on for our Go Red For Women - American Heart Association wine tasting event on Monday night, 2/25!
 
With a suggested $20 donation, guests get to sample featured wines and bites like Crispy Oyster Sliders, Filet Mignon Wrapped in Bacon, cheese with housemade jams and chutneys, and white, milk and dark chocolate for dessert.

Reservations are limited so call 800-424-2753 to reserve your spot!, Who's joining for our 2/25 wine dinner to support Go Red For Women - American Heart Association? We're excited to dine for a cause with oysters, cheese, bacon, satay and plenty of vino! Reserve your spot by calling 800-424-2753., Join us at Abe's for a wine dinner to support American Heart Association -- Massachusetts on 2/25! We'll pair select pours with bites from an oyster bar, bacon bar, satay bar and more! 

A $20.00 donation is suggested for entry. Call 800-424-2753 to reserve your spot!, We're proud to be a nominee for Boston Phoenix's Best Steak House! Weigh in on the local competition here:, Happy Valentine's Day to all of our loyal guests! We'd love your support today with nominations in Boston Phoenix's Best 2013. The "Best Date Night" title comes to mind for the occasion!, February is National Heart Awareness Month and we're paying tribute with a heart-healthy duo of dark chocolate and red wine. Come by for our Confections of the Heart truffle pairing now through February 28 to benefit Go Red For Women - American Heart Association!, Looking for last-minute Valentine's Day plans? Reserve your spot for our prix fixe menu for two - a romantic three course meal complete with Jumbo Chilled Shrimp Cocktail, Aged Prime Porterhouse, Abe's signature sides and Chocolate Dipped Strawberries for $139.00 per couple. 

Call 617-536-6300 to reserve your seat!, Thanks again to all those who entered our 1,500 Facebook likes contest and congratulations to our winner, Rachel Beaudet!! Rachel, message us to discuss redeeming your $50.00 gift certificate., We'll be open for dinner at 6 PM. Come in to warm up with some steak and wine!, Best pairing with this winter storm?  Abe and Louie's!  Join us for dinner tonight.  We are back open at 6pm!, Here comes the snow! What are your snow day essentials? We know what we'd want to be snowed in with..., A sneak peek of our romantic Valentine's Day menu for two from Zagat Survey:, It's official - 1,500 likes! A big thank you to our new fans and congratulations to Rachel Beaudet, the winner of our Facebook contest! Rachel, message us to discuss redeeming your $50.00 gift certificate., According to Rundown, our Valentine's Day prix fixe is a must-try! More info on the romantic meal for two:, We're getting close to 1,500 likes! When we get there, we'll give one lucky fan a $50 gift card to Abe's!, No Valentine's Day plans? Call (617) 536-6300 to reserve a table for our romantic three-course prix fixe for two, complete with oysters, filet mignon, prosecco and chocolate dipped strawberries!, Support Go Red for Women and American Heart Association -- Massachusetts by indulging in one of our heart happy offerings for the month of February!, We're getting close to 1,500 likes! Once we get there, we'll give away a FREE $50.00 gift certificate to one of our new Facebook fans!, In honor of Heart Disease Awareness Month this February, we've partnered with the Boston chapter of the American Heart Association! Come to Abe's in February for a heart-healthy duo of chocolate truffles for $4.00, or wash them down with a glass of our featured red wine for $12.00. A portion of proceeds support the AHA Boston chapter!, No Friday night plans? Escape the cold with us and a couple of these:, Just put the finishing touches on our Valentine's Day menu. Join us 2/14 for a romantic three-course prix fixe for two with dishes like Prime Aged Porterhouse, Blue Point Oysters & Chocolate Covered Strawberries!, Mondays are a drag... our sure-bet fix for the Monday night blues? How about a batch of Butterscotch Bread Pudding?, January is National Meat Month! We've got Prime-grade beef in spades., Kick off 2013 with us at a special New Year's Day brunch service - you don't have to wait until the weekend to get your hands on our Eggs Benedict Three Ways!, We're open on Christmas Eve AND Christmas Day! Take a break from the kitchen and leave the cooking to us this year :), Rundown Boston lines up the winter's warmest cocktail destinations, featuring yours truly! Take a look:, Love us? Join the club! Earn rewards every time you dine with us when you join our Preferred Guest Program. Sign up today: http://tavistockrestaurants.com/preferred-guests, 'Tis the Season! Get Rewarded for Your Holiday Gifting This Year. Purchase $250 in gift cards and receive $50 in bonus reward cards. Shop here: http://www.backbayrestaurantgroup.com/shop/, We're honored to be named the #2 most popular local restaurant in Zagat Survey's 2012/2013 Boston dining guide. Thanks for all of your ongoing support!, Happy (almost) Thanksgiving! Take a break from kitchen duties this year with our $25 special menu of holiday favorites, served all day tomorrow. We're thankful for our wonderful guests!, With Thanksgiving just two days away, we want to take a moment to thank you to all of our friends and fans! 

As you might have heard, Facebook is changing their rules for business pages. To make sure you stay up to date with the latest from us (and all of your favorite pages), here’s what you need to do:

1) Go to the Abe & Louies page
2) Click on the gear symbol next to the "Message" button.
3) Select "Add to Interest Lists"

Pass it on and keep in touch!, The sun is shining, the heaters are out and it's the perfect day for late-season patio dining!, Our crave-worthy burger leads a Zagat Survey roundup of the top steakhouse burgers! We think it's a perfect companion for a cold, wet day like today., Loving these photos from Brand Networks after party last week. Looks like a blast! , Sandy may be making landfall, but you can still dig into Prime steaks and fresh seafood - we're open!, Keep up with even more news on Abe & Louie's events and promotions by following us on Twitter @abeandlouiesbos!, And you thought you'd seen the last of patio season... not today!, October is National Seafood Month! Our menu is chock-full of market-fresh seafood - stop by and check it out!, We're closing in on the last few days of National California Wine Month. Stop by to check out our new by-the-glass wines including Trefethen Cabernet Sauvignon from Napa!, An amateur's guide to steak terminology - you're welcome!, Happy Butterscotch Pudding Day! We've got just the way to celebrate...our brand new, made-from-scratch Butterscotch Bread Pudding. Isn't she a beauty!, Great guide to out of the ordinary wine pairings with red meat via Fox News. Come check out our new wines by the glass this fall!, According to Zagat Survey, Boylston is Boston’s most exciting street for dining! Glad to be a part of the excitement, Can't wait to celebrate Boston's beauty and style tomorrow night for Fashion's Night Out! Come by to try out our all-new selection of house-made desserts and a special Coconut Flower Martini!, How about a late-summer visit to our patio? Zagat Survey just named it one of Boston's top outdoor dining spaces!, Want to try a little of Abe & Louie's at home? Check out the recipe for our Butterscotch Bread Pudding, now on JustLuxe!, Restaurant Week kicks off Sunday! Visit us to check out our special RW lunch menu. We can promise you some of this..., Happy National Filet Mignon Day! Here's how we suggest you celebrate, Be sure to vote for Abe's in Back Bay Patch's Readers' Choice Awards for Best Seafood!, Photo shoot today for Fall issue of Scene magazine! Be sure to pick up a copy to get the scoop (and recipe) on one of our delicious house-made desserts, Planning a trip to Boston for college move-in? Travel with Teens & Tweens suggests A&L for a great dinner while visiting the city, and we couldn't agree more!, Happy National Creme Brulee Day! Try our Vanilla Creme version served with mini chocolate chip cookies, now available on the summer dessert menu!, We're loving the lobster club on hot summer days. What's your favorite summer seafood dish?, Mark your calendars! Summer Restaurant Week is coming up Aug 20-24 and 27-31. Check out our special lunch menu for options like fresh gazpacho, Boca chopped salad with jumbo lump crab cake and prime sliced sirloin with wild mushroom risotto., Right Now is your chance to see Van Halen this summer - our friends over at Joe's American Bar & Grill are giving away a pair of free tickets for the Mohegan Sun show plus a $50 gift card on July 4th! Click here to enter: https://apps.facebook.com/celebrateamerica

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4n4g1bGITLc, We're one of the city's best spots for wheeling and dealing over lunch, according to BostInnovation.com. Thanks!, Just heard some great news...we received TripAdvisor's Certificate of Excellence! Many thanks for this wonderful honor., Great to be recognized on Zagat's list of Boston's top steakhouses! Be sure to treat Dad this Sunday with our stellar weekend brunch and delicious dinner specials!, Excited to be named top brunch in Boston by Zagat! Come visit us this weekend - we hear it's supposed to be gorgeous outside., You know what pairs perfectly with this weather? Here's a hint, Great day for a little al fresco lunching! Come pay us a visit, Today is National Shrimp Day! Celebrate with our shrimp cocktail or the signature double-layer Seafood Tower if you're feeling adventurous!, Mother's Day is fast approaching! Treat your mom/wife/S.O. to brunch on our patio. The weather is supposed to be great!, Treat Mom to our Mother's Day specials next Sunday! After all, nothing says "You're the best!" quite like Prime Sirloin & Crab-Stuffed Lobster Tail or Giant Shrimp Francese with Lemon & English Pea Risotto, Check out this great review of our classic Bloody Mary on live2eatfood. Weekend brunch couldn't come soon enough!, Love being included as Panorama's "Posh Nosh" this week! Our Lobster Club pairs perfectly with this beautiful spring weather., Another gorgeous day! Take advantage with fresh seafood or a satisfying salad served on our patio., Take advantage of the great weekend weather with an al fresco brunch!, Eatocracy's 5@5 suggests five cuts of meat to get an early kickoff to grilling season. Some interesting recommendations! , Americans beat out other wine-heavy countries like France and Italy for the most bottles purchased last year. Check out our 200+ bottle list this weekend and let's keep the trend going! , null, Check out SAVEUR Magazine's history of Vegas as seen through its iconic steakhouses. Educational and delicious! , null, Warm weather is within reach - join us to celebrate spring holidays like Easter and Mother's Day!, A peek at our winning steaks, always fresh seafood and other classic steakhouse dishes)