List(Cider brined grilled chicken breast, confit of thigh hash, fried green tomatoes, creamed corn with goat cheese, and house made siriracha., null, Sixteen years ago today, on April Fools, Central Kitchen opened its doors to the public. The culinary scene in the Boston area was much different then and there wasn’t a lot of precedent for what we were doing. There were literally a handful of people to look up to - Jody Adams, Lydia Shire, Stan Frankenthaler, Gordon Hamersley, Todd English, Chris Schlesinger, Jasper White and Frank McClelland. The young, talented upstarts at the time were Ken Oringer, Barbara Lynch, and Andy Husbands. That is an impressive group but not a lot of restaurants for a major metropolis. It’s been amazing to watch the culinary scene grow up all around us. All the wonderful new places and dedicated chefs who are out there every day trying to make it work. It is a great thing to see happen and be a small part of. Most of all thanks to the enthusiastic, inquisitive, and daring dining public who made it all work; and thanks for still coming out to see us after all these years., There's still today and tomorrow to vote for us for #MunchMadness! Check out the bracket and vote here! 

http://www.bostonglobe.com/brackets/munchmadness2015, Thank you for all your votes and getting us to ROUND TWO of #MunchMadness. We are up against the amazing ICOB so we need your votes TODAY!!, Thanks The Boston Globe for including us in #MunchMadness! Get on here and send a vote our way, today through Thursday, and get us on to Round 2!, Monday night, Moules Frites night., Tartare Thursdays? Treat yourself!, On the lighter side tonight, we're serving the Central Kitchen Caesar Salad, served with parmesan, lemon and boquerones and oh, probably a glass of white wine., We've had such a great crowd at the bar this week. Come by and see Lina and David tonight behind the bar!, It's always nice to watch the snowfall from INSIDE. For the best view in the house come see us, we open at 5:30pm!, It's a great night to settle in, may we recommend our classics: the CK Chicken Fricassee and a glass of one of our delicious red wines., We're setting up our beautiful bar and getting ready for tonight! We open at 5:30, see you then., Have you tried this yet? Our Warm Goat Cheese Petatou, served with baby yukons, olives, frisee & fennel vinaigrette. How could you possibly go wrong?!, Thursday night, we've almost made it through this crazy week. Even the sidewalk are looking better out front! Come relax in a cozy nook with us., For tonight. Come out and see us. And have some Traditional Moules Marinière (mussels, wine, butter, garlic and hand cut fries)., We have an amazing selection of La Venonosa Raicilla behind the bar. Read more about these amazing agave spirits here! http://www.prweb.com/releases/2014/08/prweb12073716.htm, The glorious, glorious wall of wines. These are available as full bottles as per our menu. Ask your server which one's they recommend!, We will be closed tonight friends. Be safe out there, maybe enjoy the snow, and we'll see you tomorrow! 

http://www.thebostoncalendar.com/events/sledding-in-and-around-boston, We've got you tonight. Come venture out if it's safe and you're close by. #OpenInBos, There's really nothing cozier than pulling up a stool to our bar on a cold evening like tonight. Come and enjoy the buzz of conversation while sipping on a glass of wine and enjoying a staple dish, like our staple Chicken Fricassee., We will be closed tonight for our Holiday Party with our amazing staff and friends at Brick & Mortar and Firebrand Saints! Go Pats! See you back here on Monday!, Another great shot of our alley in the sunlight after the storm this week! 

#centralsquare #CambMa #cambridge #graffiti #colorfield #rainbowbright #blizzard2015

(Photo by @maryedowns via #Instagram), It's back to business as usual. Come stay warm and dry with us! (And avoid the huge traffic jams out there tonight!)

#centralsquare #cambridgema #CambMa #dinnermenu #cocktails #winepairing 

(Photo courtesy of @jimi_sully via Instagram), We will be closed tonight due to the storm. Stay safe and warm! We plan to reopen on Wednesday for dinner., Did you catch any of The Taste this season? Chef Eric LeBlanc, a former line cook at Central Kitchen and Brick & Mortar, was a contestant and made it through to the finals. In last night's finale he was voted off, but not before impressing the judges and making us proud throughout the entire competition. Congratulations on all your hard work Eric! Read more about him here! http://www.chefericleblanc.com/, Featured Wine Tonight: Tons de Duorum 2012. Ruby red color with violet tones. You'll smell strawberries, blackberries and other barrel aged notes. Fresh, soft and elegant finish., We LOVE a good under $20 list!, We are getting out of dodge today and will be closed for dinner! Enjoy your Sunday and we'll see you back here tomorrow!, Returning to the menu: Braised Short Rib, seared and deglazed with red wine and simmered until tender. Come in and try it tonight, paired with a glass of the Renacer 2012 Reserva Malbec. Perfection., A recent addition, the Ragout of Seasonal Mushrooms has only the best chanterelles, black trumpets, and maitakes, served over seared polenta. Rich, earthy, delicious., null, null, A perfect night to get cozy with us and watch the snow fall outside. We open at 5:30 for dinner, see you tonight!, The Grilled Octopus, served over Olive Aioli, Grilled Treviso, Radish & Sweet Lemon. We open at 5:30pm for dinner, come for a visit., To feature some in-season fruit on the menu, we are now serving an Orange & Fennel Salad. Navel Oranges, Olives, Feta and Endives round out this dish. A bit of a summer reminder for your senses!, Tonight, Central Kitchen presents the Back Bar Cure: Smoked Trout Deviled Eggs with American Paddle Fish Caviar and a crunchy dish of Clam Fritters., The Brook Trout, new to our menu, is filleted and grilled, then topped with haricot vert, gratin, mussels & white wine. It's a beautiful dish, come in and try one tonight!, A classic and a necessity on a day like today: local little necks, potato, cream & grilled bread, our Clam Chowder will set you right., Something went terribly wrong during Evan's training shift this week. #learnhowtopourabeer #NOGARNISH, Served in a cast iron skillet, our Confit Leg of Duck (served over flageolet beans, bacon, mustard & bread crumbs) is the perfect cold weather meal. Hearty, warming and a definitive comfort food, it's a must order next time you come in for dinner., It's a cold and windy Monday. Come through and warm up with a cocktail tonight!, Happy first Friday of the new year! If one of your resolutions is to do more things you love, we'd recommend coming in and enjoying a delicious meal with us; we'd love to have you., Happy New Year from the team at Central Kitchen. We are off today but tomorrow will be a amazing day in the kitchen. Come on down!, We've got on our best for you tonight. See you for dinner and drinks to celebrate the New Year., Our Traditional Moules Mariniere, waiting for you on this cold (almost last) day in December. Come warm up with us tonight., What would you miss if you moved out of state? According to The Boston Globe's Michael Brodeur it would be the Steak Frites at Central Kitchen., Nobody wants to cook tonight ...., Cozy on up to our bar with a glass of red wine. One of our current favorites? The Morgan 2012 Cotes du Crowes, a grenache and syrah grape varietal blend. Pair this with any of our dishes off the grill and enjoy a delicious and relaxing Monday evening., There's everything to love about our favorite savory-sweet treats, Devils on Horseback., Deviled eggs are up!, Make sure to peek at our menu board behind the bar next time you're in. We list our small bites and oyster selection daily!, Special guest tonight ...,, It's wintertime, and nobody cooks wintertime like we do! Get out of the cold and get in here. Nuff said., Mini cassoulet with confit leg of duck., Saturday night’s alright for imbibing… get a little action in ;), Thank you Kulturez for having your holiday party with us, it was great to have you all!, It's the night before Thanksgiving and all through the bar,
the creatures are stirring whose families live far.
The cocktails are mixed by bartenders with care,
so what are you waiting for? Get your ass over here!

PARTY ON and be safe tonight - the best way to do that is to hang out with us :), You might have had a hard day... take it to the bar and it's smooth sailing from here on out!, House-aged Angus rib-eye on a bed of crispy fries... is there anything better than Steak Frites?

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Don't give up on the weekend just yet... let us help you make the most of your Sunday night!, If only for a second, transport yourself from the frigid cold to a warm beach with some fresh oysters!, Your bus is missing, you got out of work late, it's too cold outside, you're damn thirsty - whatever the reason, we've got a cocktail for you!

UNDER CAPRICORN:
gin
pampelmousse rose
orange curacao
lemon, You gotta indulge a little bit during the work week or you'll never make it out... so when you want some creme brûlée you just let us know, and we'll get out the blowtorch and work some magic!, When the day is finally over, all we really want is to cover everything we eat in melted cheese.

Enter our Warm Goat Cheese "Petatou" with baby yukons, olives, frisee, fennel vinaigrette!, Rumor has it that our Angel Face cocktail was named after you ;)

CITADELLE GIN
Laird & Company AppleJack
apricot, Feelin’ the late-night hunger? Our kitchen is open ‘til 1AM, and yes, this burger is ALL YOURS., HIDE FROM THE COLD and bury your face in a cocktail. Out of sight, out of mind… right?

Photo by @bushwoodcclooper, Have you tried out our fall menu? It’s waiting patiently… we’ve got (clockwise) Chicken Fricassee, Grilled Double-Thick Pork Chop, Ragout of Seasonal Mushrooms, Fall Vegetable Assiette, and Grilled Swordfish Paillard!, It’s after 5:00… this should be the only thing on your mind right now. Come and get it!, Queen’s Park Swizzle, because you've got to sip on a rum drink on such a beautiful day in November!

El Dorado 12-year rum
Wray & Nephew rum
mint
bitters
lime, Is your stomach growling? Head here after work for some Clam Chowder with local littlenecks, potato, cream, and grilled bread!, Send your thirst flying tonight with an Aviation ;) 

gin
maraschino liqueur
crème de violette
lemon, No longer is getting caught between Arrack and a Hard Place a tough position to be in… not with Batavia Arrack, amaretto, Combier, Smith & Cross, and lime in your glass!, Attention beer nerds! We have a VERY special bottle available for you tonight: PANIL DIVINA Spontaneously Fermented Italian Ale, Batch #3, Bottle #1885 (12.7 oz, 6.5ABV).

This brew is "spontaneously fermented by natural yeasts collected in the open air under the full moon and later in the cellar. After fermentation, the beer is aged in French oak barrels. A second fermentation in the bottle gives it an intense vinous aroma and hints of exotic fruit and sour delicate notes on the palate."

Available at Central Kitchen for a LIMITED time only!, Just getting out of work? We’ve got your Night Shift Brewing right here… in a bottle of Trifecta - fermented with three Trappist yeast strains and aged on Madagascar vanilla beans!, Your Wednesday evening meal is about to be served up for dinner! Grilled Swordfish Paillard, with caponata, salsa verde, and fregola sarda.

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, LADIES - Meet Julien, our new Parisian stud of a bartender. He is 24, single, and recently returned to Boston ready to mingle with you while making your favorite cocktails, both here and upstairs at Brick & Mortar. Say hi to this dashing gentleman the next time you stop by!, Why yes, we DO have another new dish on the menu, and it’s a Grilled Double-Thick Pork Chop! (Heritage pork loin, potato rosti, carrots, apple, sage.), An effervescent Airmail will get you glowing on this fine Saturday night… made with Privateer silver rum, honey, lime, bitters, bubbles., We see a lot of candy and cocktails in your future… but first - eat a good dinner!

NEW DISH: Ragout of Seasonal Mushrooms with chanterelles, black trumpets, maitakes, and seared polenta.

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, You’re not you when you’re hungry, but you can Trick or Treat for those Snickers bars tomorrow night. Feel yourself again with CK’s Chicken Fricassee! Pommes puree, creamed mushrooms, bacon, and fried leeks., Soaking up the sun... from a comfy seat at the bar!, You deserve better than this Monday had in store for you… make it right with a delicious helping of our Brioche Bread Pudding with bananas, golden raisins, and vanilla bean ice cream!, Do what’s right. Maine Beer is fully stocked in our fridge and it’s about time to pop open some Peepers! We open at 5:30… plan accordingly., GOT BEER? We sure do... and tonight we’re drinkin’ some Scrimshaw Pilsner from North Coast Brewing Company!, Did you hear that? We’ve got a new cocktail on the menu!, Things are getting autumnal in our kitchen… try our newest dish, Fall Vegetable Assiette with parsnip puree, delicata squash + egg!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, You can always rely on a One Trick Pony to help you relax on a Tuesday evening! Made with vodka, grapefruit, aperol, St. Germain + bubbles., Mussels, wine, butter, garlic, and hand-cut fries… it’s Traditional Moules Mariniere! Hungry yet?, ON DRAFT: Lost Nation Brewing GOSE

“A traditional German beer style that was all but extinct 30 years ago. An amazingly refreshing beer brewed with coriander and sea salt. The tart, dry finish combined with the hint of salt and citrus leaves your palate craving another sip.”, Got the munchies? Our late-nite menu is on til 1AM, and this burger has got your name written ALL OVER IT., A hunk of meat and some crispy fries… do we have your attention? We have your dinner, too… come and get it at 5:30!

Photo by Baking Me Hungry., Things are looking pretty good from here…, Not sure what to do for date night this weekend? The Boston Herald has a theatrical night planned for you - including a stop at our place (and upstairs at Brick & Mortar if you brought your “ironic mustache”)., Our Summer Cassoulet is still on the menu… but get it before it’s gone! Brined heritage pork, Karl's sausage, duck confit, shell and pole beans., Let’s forget that this is the last night of a long weekend and drink a More Than Classic… 

La Favorite Ambre Rhum
Amaro Braulio
aperol
St. Germain
bitters, Says Backlash Beer Co. about their Declaration IPA… “Declaration may just be one of the hoppiest Belgian style beers ever.”

Don’t take their word for it. Come and see for yourself!, I spy with my little eye Night Shift Brewing Trifecta and Brasserie Caracole Troublette... Excellent choices for your Saturday night!

Photo by @cmead31., NEW DISH! 

Warm Goat Cheese "Petatou" with baby yukons, olives, frisee, fennel vinaigrette. Come and get it when we open at 5:30! 

To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here:http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Stop by tonight for a Lagunitas IPA… it’s “RUTHLESSLY delicious”!, LOVE this shot, a great illustration of the culture in Central Square! See more photos of the graffiti wall over the years here: http://bit.ly/1qbzXQa

Photo by @jimi_sully., TONIGHT… Pop open a Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project St. Botolph’s Town (Yorkshire dark brown ale): “malty, almost smokey Black Malt character, a bitter attack from Fuggle hops, a rich barleymalt finish, some dried coconut hints and an old ale acidity around the edges.”, Have you tried our Farmer’s Market TImbale? You’ll get your fill of local veggies! (Summer squashes, tomato, eggplant, peppers, feta & herbs.)

Photo by @iamtheko., Can’t have a true Aviation without the creme de violette! Enjoy this classic with us tonight :), You’ve gotta get your hands on a bottle of Mikkeller El Celler de Can Roca, a pilsner made for one of the best restaurants in the WORLD!, When the cocktail in your glass matches the pink sky before the sun sets… you know you’ve made a good choice. 

UNDER CAPRICORN:
St. George Spirits gin
pampelmousse rose
orange curacao
lemon, Let’s start a new thing… Tartare Tuesday! Sound good?, Love this photo of our wine bottles and lights... Thank you @sarahsmi1e!, Get your superfood fill… a tasty bed of kale topped with warm duck confit!, It’s late, you’re hungry, and we have food ‘til 1AM…. You know what to do., We just so happen to have exactly what you’re looking for on a Friday night!, How can you pass up a drink with this lovely lady behind the bar?

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here:http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Give yourself a post-work treat like grilled octopus! Served with olive aioli, grilled treviso, radish and sweet lemon., REBEL AGAINST FALL. 

Watermelon salad for all!! 

(Local watermelon, feta, radish, onion, arugula, cucumber and herbs.), If there's one thing you should be doing tonight, it's drinking a One Trick Pony!

Reyka Vodka
grapefruit
aperol 
St-Germain
bubbles, Sunday night's as good as any for a Swizzle!

El Dorado 12-year rum
Wray & Nephew rum
mint
bitters
lime, For working so hard this week, you’ve earned yourself a house-aged Angus rib eye with hand-cut fries. Come get your prize!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here:http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, What does your Friday look like?

Photo by @lnf20, What’s better than a chocolate-covered banana?

BANANA-CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM!, Do you prefer Spanish or Italian?

GUESS WHAT - You can have both! Bobal deSanjuan Old Vines and Vietti Barbera d’Asti Tre Vigne 2012 now available for your drinking pleasure :), Time for DESSERT: Brioche bread pudding with bananas, golden raisins, and vanilla bean ice cream.

Need we say more?, Do you remember your first time?

Our Parisian-Style Steak Tartare is one of our most popular menu items, so we loved this Zagat video of people discovering why it’s so delicious!, Don’t think about impending Monday doom…  enjoy a Sunday night escape when you’re sipping on some cocktails in #CentralSquare!, Just getting out of work? Our late-night menu’s got your back, with a juicy burger and fries that’ll hit the spot! Available ‘til 1:00 am., NEW DISH #3: Farmer’s Market Timbale with summer squashes, tomato, eggplant, peppers, feta & herbs - a.k.a. more vegetables on one plate than you’ve had in the last week!, You’ve probably worked up a big appetite so far this week… which means you have plenty of room to devour some pan-seared chicken with panzanella!, Nicky Bandera casually wielding a blowtorch on some creme brulee…, #FEAST on this tonight: moules mariniere, steak tartare, and watermelon + feta salad!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb

Photo by @corneliuspeterson, Smuttynose Brewing Co. makes the #finestkind of IPA, a “physical salute to the glory of the American hop grower.”

If bitter is better, this is your beer!, This one’s a classic! The signature cocktail of Los Angeles's Vendome Club in the 1930s was named for its neighbor, the Brown Derby, and ours is a sweet-and-sour mix of Old Overholt rye, honey and grapefruit juice., Traditional Moules Mariniere - the cure for your late-night Saturday hunger! (Mussels, wine, butter, garlic, hand-cut fries.), Clean, crisp, local - the three best words you can hear when it comes to oysters! Grab a few tonight with some bubbles, you deserve it., Neely Cohen, who is without a doubt one of the most talented, soulful, and committed people whom ever worked at Central Kitchen is opening a chocolate factory in Peterborough, New Hampshire. While at CK she won the Sweet Genius competition on the Food Network because her work is amazing. Neely has a KickStarter campaign with 6 days left to try to get her place open. I just donated, and its worthy of your support as well. Even a couple of bucks might help someone achieve their dream. Chocoate at this level makes the world a better place. Thanks in advance for checking it out. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/616208152/vicuna-chocolate-factory-and-cafe, Is there such a thing as bourbon o’clock? Because it’s happening right now!

Photo by http://instagram.com/bushwoodcclooper, Get your grilled bluefish on tonight, served with tomato coulis, roasted golden beets, zucchini and peppers! All fresh, all local, all scrumptious.

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Hope you’re in the mood for seafood because our Shellfish Bouillabaisse is chock full-a fish. Mussels, clams, shrimp, squid and crab, coming right up!, You’re off on a Monday? Better make it interesting! Mikkeller Show Me the Cuvee should do the trick…

“The aroma is a bit anonymous at first, but quickly revel a fine and complex spiced aroma… elegant with a fine complexity.” http://bit.ly/1tVNPTf, Put on your fancy pants and enjoy a fine glass of wine and our Tuna Tartare Nicoise, with roasted tomatoes, kalamata tapenade and tarragon-citrus vinaigrette!, Ah, relaxing with a Riverwalk Brewing Gnomad Farmhouse Ale… we could drink this all night. Know what? Maybe we will!, NEW DISH #2 on our menu a little twist on Caprese salad, with house-made stracciatella, heirloom tomatoes, fresh basil and fried olives!, A bottle of Night Shift Brewing Trifecta goes down *real* easy on a day like today!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, See what our girl Crystal Kelley is up to this week at Camp Runamok!, Come on...

eat it...

you know you want to...

(PLUS it's National Burger Day, so it's only right :)), LISTEN UP: We have a new dish on the menu!

Summer Cassoulet, with brined heritage pork, Karl's sausage, duck confit, shell and pole beans., Top off your Monday with some bubbles (and Reyka Vodka, grapefruit aperol, St-Germain in the One Trick Pony)... you earned it!

Bar's open at 5:30! To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Date night in Central Square? We've got the goods!

All the cocktails, oysters and magic begin at 5:30! To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Jeepers creepers, where'd ya get those Maine Beer Company Peepers?

At CK tonight... starting at 5:30!

Photo by It's just the booze dancing, Got a late start to the night? We're here for you...

#LateNight menu is available until 1:30am (drinks until 2:00)!, Friday isn't here yet, but we can always pretend. Grab a hot date, come get some drinks and get an early start to an awesome weekend!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Not a gin person?

You are now. 

Try an Aviation, a classic Prohibition-era cocktail with gin, maraschino liqueur, crème de violette and lemon. It'll convert you, we promise!, "Troublette really is unlike any other wheat beer that I’ve had in the past few years. Everything is perfectly balanced and presented at just the right levels. If I could get my hands on this beer again, I’d buy out the inventory." - The Barley Blog: http://bit.ly/1qdPyiu, Duck confit is a healthy choice when it’s piled on a bed of kale, right? We’ll go with that!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Sunday Funday dinner is served!, #LATENIGHT

Get your grub on 'til 1am, you know you're hungry., It's gonna get hot in the Kitchen tonight when you knock back a bottle of Night Shift Brewing Viva Habanera!

"Brewed with rye malts that bring their own natural spice, this invigorating cerveza gets its zesty kick and peppery flavor from habanero peppers that we add after fermentation." , Hey there Angel Face, you're lookin' good tonight...

CITADELLE GIN
Laird & Company AppleJack
apricot, Time for a mid-week FEAST! Thank you Brittany D. for this great shot of our duck confit, steak tartare and octopus!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Close your eyes and pretend you’re at the beach tonight when you’ve got our bouillabaisse in your mouth…  mussels, clams, squid, crab and shrimp in a tomato, fennel and saffron broth!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, CONGRATULATIONS are in order for our man Sam, whose last night was on Sunday. Wishing him the best of luck on his move to Clio Restaurant!, Ah, the Queen's Park Swizzle, like a boozy sno-cone for a fine summer's day!

El Dorado 12-year rum
Wray & Nephew rum
mint
bitters
lime, Feelin' some late-night dessert? The creme brulee is calling your name!

Photo by http://instagram.com/kimmiithepooh, LOCAVORES REJOICE! We revamped our Watermelon Salad to include all local ingredients (watermelon, feta, radish, onion, arugula, cucumber and herbs). Hooray!, Do you like your pork grilled or pulled? GUESS WHAT! You don't have to decide. We give you Pork Two Ways with sunchoke puree, roasted carrots and grapes!, Get #fancy tonight, try some Parisian-style steak tartare!

Photo by http://instagram.com/this_wandering_bison

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, It's National Oyster Day... celebrate accordingly!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, "I love you so much. Get in my mouth." - @super9v

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Cheers to an easy Sunday with a New York Sour!

vodka
lemon
simple syrup
red wine float, Your weekend is about to get a lot better... CK Steak Frites are in your future!

Photo by http://instagram.com/juliadoodles, Have you tried our Spring Vegetable Ragout? Creamy polenta, swiss chard, fava, English peas and parmesan - a recipe for a delicious Friday dinner!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, This one doesn't have a name... just ask for Tyler's special concoction of bourbon, grenadine, lemon juice, and jalapeño-infused  Cocchi Americano and drink up!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, BRAND NEW on the menu: Watermelon Salad with feta, radish, onion, arugula, cucumber and herbs!, Let Hazel pour you a Night Shift Brewing Whirlpool tonight, an American pale ale, with ripe peach and citrus!, Drown your Monday blues in a bowl of traditional Moules Marinière! Mussels, wine, butter, garlic and hand-cut fries - what's there to be unhappy about?

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, You're in for a delicious Sunday night... go for the Grilled Local Bluefish with tomato coulis, roasted golden beets, zucchini and peppers!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, If you're in need of some refreshment on this sweltering day, go for the Queen's Park Swizzle!

El Dorado 12-year rum
Wray & Nephew rum
mint
bitters
lime, Already plotting your post-work dinner? Start off with some grilled octopus with kalamata aioli, grilled traviso, radish and sweet lemon!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Come see these blondes in black tonight!, Cheese and wine, anyone?

Try our seared smoked scamorza with red pepper tapenade tonight, a great appetizer to go with a glass of tempranillo!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Shhh... don't tell!, Improper Bostonian Magazine Boston's Best party! #centralkitchen, Still haven't made dinner? Don't worry, we'll take care of it for you.

Come on down to Central Square, we're serving dinner til 11pm!, No better way to finish up the weekend than with a juicy steak and fries!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, The cheese fries to end all cheese fries.... it's our Crispy Duck Confit Fries with pickled chilies and gruyère sauce. 

Available on our LATE-NIGHT menu tonight 11pm-1am! 

Drinks until 2am, of course :), #FRIDAY

Run out of the office and get over here when we open at 5:30 for a few brewskis and our Pan-Seared Chicken with panzanella!, Not sure which type of seafood to go for tonight? Don't choose, get our Bouillabaisse with mussels, clams, squid, crab and shrimp in a tomato, fennel and saffron broth!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Brick & Mortar will be on Esquire Network's Best Bars in America tonight at 10!

DON'T WATCH IT AT HOME - Viewing party at 10!, Treat yourself to our Tuna Tartare Nicoise tonight with roasted tomatoes, kalamata tapenade and tarragon-citrus vinaigrette!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, It's been a long Monday, you deserve something nice for dinner. Stop by for an ice cold brew or three and enjoy our duck confit!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Toast to a great weekend with the One Trick Pony!

Reyka Vodka
grapefruit
aperol 
St-Germain
bubbles

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Get adventurous tonight and let us take a blowtorch to your dessert, it's the only way to get the perfect sugar crust on creme brûlée!

Photo by http://instagram.com/cheesedotcheese

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Good news, NEW BREWS! Get your hands on some of these fine bottles tonight:

Goose Island Beer Co. IPA
The Spencer Brewery Trappist Ale
Mikkeller El Celler de Can Roca Pilsner and Show Me Cuvée
Night Shift Brewing Trifecta and Viva Habanera
Stone Brewing Co. Collective Distortion

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Eater Boston's Five Days of Meat is still going strong, so order up a juicy burger stacked tall with your favorite toppings and celebrate like a champ!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, The hotter the weather, the stronger our cravings for oysters, and today's been a real scorcher!
We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Fancy cocktails are fine and dandy but sometimes the classics are the best way to get you through the week. Let the day roll off your shoulders while you sip an Aviation.

Edinburgh Gin
Luxardo maraschino
crème de violette
lemon, We are honored to be named Boston's Best restaurant in Central Square by Improper Bostonian Magazine: http://www.improper.com/bostons-best/food-drink/

Almost 16 years in Central Square and there's no place we'd rather be. 

NEIGHBORHOODS: CENTRAL SQUARE
Central Kitchen
In Cambridge’s ever-changing nucleus of a neighborhood, there’s still a special draw to Central Kitchen, a seven-nights-a-week stalwart where low-key, dimly lit environs complement unfussy bistro-style fare. A colossal cluster of mussels is topped with a teepee of thinly hand-cut fries, advantageously positioned for broth-dipping. And the tuna tartare will take you back to that grade-school lesson on layers of soil—only in this case, it’s edible strata of awesome in its rows of tapenade, pristine tuna and crumbly hard-boiled egg., Did someone say, "#LateNight menu available until 1am"?

Yep, that was us. 

See you later....

[Drinks until 2am as per usual], Get in the mood for the 4th early with the CK burger!

"Eight ounces of juicy ground sirloin is topped with Vermont cheddar and a tangy secret sauce, a creamy slather that is equal parts sweet and spicy." - Zagat "Off the Menu": http://bit.ly/1iXOM7t

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Come calm down at CK after #USAvsBEL. Tuesday Night Dinner: Bouillabaisse - mussels, clams, squid, crab and shrimp in a tomato, fennel, saffron broth., If you find yourself hungry and lost late-night in Central Square, direct your attention to the "CENTRAL KITCHEN" sign.

Tonight & Tomorrow: The #LATENIGHT menu is ON until 1am! (drinks until 2)

Sanctuary!, NEW on the menu: Pan-seared Chicken with panzanella! A colorful way to end a gray day. 

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, One way to beat the heat: Come inside for CK Steak Frites!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Tuesday Night Dinner: our new Grilled Local Bluefish - Roasted golden beets, zucchini, peppers with roasted tomato coulis.

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Hooray it's Friday! ...and we're looking forward to a gorgeous weekend. 

Go out late tonight and have fun. You deserve it.

And while you're at it, stop by for our #LateNight Menu, available Fridays and Saturdays until 1:30am. (drinks until 2), All of our customers make us smile - but this one wins!! :) 

Photo taken at CK by http://instagram.com/naidee, Cool down with our Tuna Tartare Nicoise tonight - Roasted tomato, kalamata tapenade, tarragon-citrus vinaigrette. 

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Yes it's hot and muggy out.

Yes Hazel's got chilled oysters on ice waiting for you.

#nobrainer #seeyousoon

We open at 5:30. To book a table, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Come inside out of the rain and warm up with our NEW Bouillabaisse - mussels, clams, squid, crab and shrimp in a tomato, fennel, saffron broth.

Let's eat!, Get ready. Get set.

...because CK is rolling out some gorgeous new dishes. And they taste way better than they look.

NEW: Grilled Local Bluefish - Roasted golden beets, zucchini, peppers with roasted tomato coulis.

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Monday Night Dinner: Spring Vegetable Ragout - creamy polenta, swiss chard, fava, artichoke & parmesan.

Taste-taste-taste the freshness. 

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Did someone say, "#LateNight menu available until 1am"?

Yep, that was us. 

See you night owls later....

[Drinks until 2am as per usual], #tbt: Our "Come Dancing!" cocktail featured in Boston Magazine's guide to the best craft cocktails in Boston! http://bit.ly/17PlSWe

Come Dancing!
Ford's gin
amontillado
dolin Blanc
grapefruit
bitters., Wednesday night dinner: Steak Tartare, Parisian Style, with capers, cornichons and quail egg! #classic 

We open at 5:30. You can book your table online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Dive into our Orange-Saffron Paella tonight! (snorkel unnecessary) 

Fresh duck confit, clams, mussels, squid & shrimp.

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Monday Night Dinner: Grilled Pork Loin - pulled pork, sunchoke purée, roasted carrot and muscal grapes.

Top off a awesome day with an awesome dinner.

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Some birthday dinner shots at CK via #Instagram.

Is it your birthday or close to it?

...let's just say it is and we'll see you tonight... ;)

We open at 5:30. Book your table for NYE online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb

Photos via:
http://instagram.com/olivia_msly
http://instagram.com/vicki46
http://instagram.com/stevedavidlee, PSA: #LATENIGHT CK Menu available tonight until 1am + Drinks until 2.

...carry on.

(and Happy Memorial Day weekend!), What will it be tonight: Spring Vegetable Ragout or Pan Roasted Skate?

That's what we like to call a win-win situation., 2 words for 1 amazing dinner: STEAK. FRITES.

T minus 1 hour until we open these doors...

We'll bring the steak knives. 

We open at 5:30. Book your table for NYE online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Today is a beautiful day. 

Today calls for a CK Burger.

We open at 5:30. To book a table, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Thursday Night Dinner: Grilled Pork Loin - pulled pork, sunchoke purée, roasted carrot and muscal grapes.

#TreatYourself! 

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, It's apparently World Cocktail Day (though that is every day at CK).

There's only one way to celebrate..., Cool down with our Tuna Tartare Nicoise tonight for dinner - Roasted tomato, kalamata tapenade, tarragon-citrus vinaigrette. 

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, #LATENIGHT menu tonight - don't miss out!

Available until 1am + Drinks 'til 2.

When hunger strikes ... head to CK., New dish on the menu! Pan Roasted Skate with fregola sarda, tomato, olive and capers., #MusselMadness2014, It's only Monday -> :(

Monday night dinner of Steak Frites at CK -> :)

Photo via Chefs Feed

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, End a beautiful day with a beautiful dinner. 

Try a dish from our Spring Menu: Pollo al Mattone - cannellini, fresh garlic, broccoli rabe + preserved lemon! 

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Late-night protein = ESSENTIAL to a good night.

...which is why our late-night menu runs every Friday & Saturday until 1am. 

Hey, if you're going to tell that person you barely know way too many details about your relationship history and probably won't remember until tomorrow, might as well be over some Steak Tartare, Parisian Style, with capers, cornichons, quail egg, and hand-cut fries!! ;), What's the best thing to eat on a rainy day?

A big hot bowl of CK's clam chowder with grilled bread! 

Named one of Boston's freshest by Zagat: http://bit.ly/1gu2ro1

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, The appetizer to end all appetizers: Grilled Octopus with kalamata aioli, grilled treviso, radish + sweet lemon. 

See you tonight! 

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Sunday Night Dinner: Orange-Saffron Paella - fresh duck confit, clams, mussels, squid & shrimp.

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, The LATE-NIGHT menu strikes again tonight - every Friday and Saturday night!

If you're upstairs at Brick and get a snack attack - come on in to CK for some late-night grub until 1am!

[Drinks 'til 2 as per usual], Steak ... or Tuna?

Steak Tartare - Parisian Style – capers, cornichons and quail egg 

Tuna Tartare Nicoise - Roasted tomato, kalamata tapenade, tarragon-citrus vinaigrette. 

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Serious life question: When was the last time you had the CK burger?

Review via Zagat's "Off the Menu" column: http://bit.ly/1iXOM7t, Tuesday Night Dinner: Our new Grilled Pork Loin - pulled pork, sunchoke purée, roasted carrot and muscal grapes.

Tender, juicy meat + sweet, juicy grapes = wow.

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Spring is in the air! Top off this beautiful day with our NEW Spring Vegetable Ragout - creamy polenta, swiss chard, fava, artichoke & parmesan. 

It tastes even better than it looks! 

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Think back to the last time you got Cheese Fries.

Did they look like this?

Available on our LATE-NIGHT menu tonight and tomorrow until 1am: Crispy Duck Confit Fries with pickled chilies and gruyère sauce.

(Drinks until 2am, as usual), Heaven is a place on earth.

Photo via: http://bakingmehungry.com/2012/02/21/central-kitchen-central-square-cambridge/, Guess who made it onto our Spring menu?

You may have had nicoise. But have you had... CK's Tuna Tartare Nicoise?!

Roasted tomato, kalamata tapenade, tarragon-citrus vinaigrette. 

#gamechanger., Spring? That really came out of nowhere didn't it?

DEFINITELY a good thing. Speaking of which, here's our new Spring Vegetable Ragout - creamy polenta, swiss chard, fava, artichoke & parmesan. 

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, NEW on our Spring Menu: Pollo al Mattone - cannellini, fresh garlic, broccoli rabe + preserved lemon. 

A classic Italian dish: Golden, crisp chicken seasoned with lemon and garlic and cooked "Under a Brick." 

Time for a beach holiday in Italy!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Our NEW SPRING MENU starts tonight!! Here's the new Grilled Pork Loin - pulled pork, sunchoke purée, roasted carrot and muscal grapes.

So many flavors in each bite! #foodart, Friday Night Dinner: Grilled Brook Trout with potato gratin, haricot vert, white wine & mussels.

See you soon!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Tonight's Back Bar Cure: Country Pâté!, Some trout for you! 

Almost #dinnertime..., It almost feels like the coast of Spain outside today ... or maybe that's just you craving our Orange-Saffron Paella! 

An abundance of fresh duck confit, clams, mussels, squid and shrimp.

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Ah, the CK Burger in the sun! It's not on the menu, so create your own destiny today. #ExistentialThoughtsonaMonday

"Eight ounces of juicy ground sirloin is topped with Vermont cheddar and a tangy secret sauce, a creamy slather that is equal parts sweet and spicy."

-Zagat in their "Off the Menu" column: http://bit.ly/1iXOM7t

We open at 5:30. To book a table, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Top off a beautiful day with a dozen cold, fresh oysters at CK for dinner! 

We open at 5:30. To book a table, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Grab a late-night bite tonight at CK!

Our late-night menu runs until 1am Fridays and Saturdays. Drinks 'til 2., Tuna Tartare a la Nicoise - on special tonight and going on the menu tomorrow!, LATE-NIGHT menu strikes again tonight - every Friday and Saturday night, in fact!

If you're upstairs at Brick & Mortar or hunger inexplicably and stealthily attacks - come on in to CK for some late-night tartare until 1am!

[Drinks 'til 2 as per usual]  

#TGIF., Thanks to everyone who celebrated our 15th birthday with us - which includes ALL of our customers over the years. 

We love you and hope to see you soon., It's our 15th Birthday TODAY!!!

Come celebrate and enjoy food & drinks with us 5:30-7:30pm today!, Monday night dinner: Steak Tartare, Parisian Style, with capers, cornichons and quail egg!

We open at 5:30. You can book your table online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb

And don't forget to stop by TOMORROW 5:30-7:30 for drinks and snacks to celebrate our 15th birthday! #nojoke, This Tuesday is CK's 15th birthday - on April Fool's Day! 

You're invited to Central Kitchen from 5:30 to 7:30 for drinks and snacks to celebrate!!  

Thank you for all of your support over the years., If you find yourself hungry and lost late-night in Central Square, direct your attention to the "CENTRAL KITCHEN" sign.

We now serve our LATE-NIGHT menu until 1am, and drinks until 2 on Fridays and Saturdays. 

Sanctuary!, LATE-NIGHT T service starts tonight.

CK's LATE-NIGHT menu is on tonight.

Coincidence?!

We think not!, We're turning 15 on April Fool's! 

We would like to invite our friends and followers to CK on April 1st from 5:30 to 7:30 for drinks and snacks to celebrate!!  

Thank you for all of your support over the years. 

Love,
Central Kitchen, Thanks Zagat for picking CK's clam chowder as the "Freshest Catch" in Boston! http://bit.ly/1gu2ro1

"Short of dredging your mouth through the sea, you can't get more fresh than the variation at Central Square. The clams in the chowder come with their shells still on - tossed in a cute kettle full of creamy broth and potatoes, and served with a side of grilled bread."

Come warm up with a bowl tonight!, The boys are killing it tonight!, Treat yourself to a classic tonight: CK's Chicken Fricassee. 

Pommes puree, mushroom ragout, bacon + fried leeks.

We promise you'll leave warm, full and happy. 

Photo via http://instagram.com/jeffreyr, Which ticket is yours? 

The Traditional Moules Marinière, The Tuna Tartare "Nicoise", or the hot bowl of CK Clam Chowder?

We open at 5:30. To book a table, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, We just want to thank the hundreds and hundreds of friends and family who took a minute to vote for us in #munchmadness. Thank you so much for your support. We really had a lot of fun in the competition. Good luck to @Neptune Oyster moving forward. Also there are lots of great new restaurants to explore on the list as well. Best to The Boston Globe for hosting. Huzza!, Stop by for LATE-NIGHT snacks until 1am! Drinks 'til 2! #yum, Onto the next round of #MunchMadness! Now The Boston Globe has Central Kitchen up against one of our favorite restaurants, Neptune Oyster. Beautiful space, great food, killer wine list, and tons of talent with Jeff Nace and the brilliant Michael Serpa. 

This time we are real underdogs. Remember Rocky 3 and Vote Central Kitchen! Yo Adrien! http://bo.st/1gKyM9C, The off-menu CK Burger. #classic

If you love our burger, vote for Central Kitchen in the first round of #MunchMadness!! http://bo.st/1gKyM9C 

It's so fun to see how all of your favorite local restaurants are doing! More than 54,000 votes have been placed so far!, CK made the bracket for The Boston Globe's 2014 #MunchMadness Tournament!! Thanks to everyone who voted.

In the first round, we're up against Harvest! Have you made your picks yet? http://www.boston.com/ae/restaurants/specials/munch_madness/2014/

We're having a blast with this!, Melted Raclette - spring brook reading, fingerlings, house made pickles. 

The perfect pre-dinner indulgence!

We open at 5:30. To book a table, call 617-491-5599 or reserved one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb

Don't forget to follow us on Instagram for more #foodpics: http://instagram.com/_centralkitchen, Monday Night Dinner: Vegetable "Maqluba" - fregola sarda, eggplant, couza squash, yellow tomato + feta.

We open at 5:30. To book a table, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, More often than not, we hear, "This picture doesn't do it justice."

Not in this case.

Our Steak Frites and an Old Fashioned, taken by http://instagram.com/hotdogjudge., NEW addition to the menu: Tuna Tartare "Nicoise"! 

Happy Friday., ICYMI: We are on the list to be on this year's bracket for The Boston Globe's #MunchMadness 2014, and voting ends soon!

If you have a minute today, please give us your vote. 

After almost 16 years in Central Square, we appreciate your continued support! http://bo.st/1i2ttVN, It's the One Trick Pony! Reyka Vodka, grapefruit aperol, St-Germain + bubbles.

If all else fails, it won't., Shrimp Cocktail, anyone?

See you tonight! 

We open at 5:30. To book a table, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Monday Night Dinner: Grilled Brook Trout with potato gratin, haricot vert, white wine & mussels.

See you soon!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, ICYMI: Central Kitchen is on the list to be on this year's bracket for The Boston Globe's #MunchMadness 2014!!

If you have a minute today, please give us your vote. 

After almost 16 years in Central Square, we appreciate your continued support! http://bo.st/1i2ttVN, We are looking to hire a new manager to navigate between CK and Brick & Mortar. You can apply here: http://www.bostonchefs.com/restaurant_jobs/, Our NEW LATE-NIGHT menu is only available on Fridays and Saturdays...

...which means you're in luck!!

Tonight until 1am, the CK kitchen will be open and serving up delicious late-night dishes - like our Steak Tartare, Parisian Style, with capers, cornichons, quail egg, and hand-cut fries!! #YUM

See you late-night!, Tonight calls for a hot bowl of CK Clam Chowder with local little necks, potato, cream & grilled bread. 

See you for dinner!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb

CK is in the running to be on this year's bracket for The Boston Globe's #MunchMadness 2014!! Please take a moment to vote here: http://bo.st/1i2ttVN, Tuesday Night Dinner: Grilled Octopus - kalamata aioli, grilled treviso, radish + sweet lemon. 

Who said there's nothing special about Tuesdays? 

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb

And don't forget to take a second to vote CK to be on this year's bracket for The Boston Globe's #MunchMadness 2014!! http://bo.st/1i2ttVN, Steak Frites. A CK classic.

House aged angus rib eye and hand cut fries.

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb

And don't forget to take a second to vote CK to be on this year's bracket for The Boston Globe's #MunchMadness 2014!! http://bo.st/1i2ttVN 

We appreciate your support! :), Central Kitchen is on the list to be on this year's bracket for The Boston Globe's #MunchMadness 2014!!

If you have a minute this Sunday, please give us your vote. 

After almost 16 years in Central Square, we appreciate your continued support! http://bo.st/1i2ttVN, Late-night mussels, anyone?

Our new LATE-NIGHT MENU continues tonight - food served until 1am and drinks until 2.

Come grab a bite with us late-night!

Traditional Moules Marinière - mussels, wine, butter, garlic & hand cut fries., We're happy to announce that our NEW LATE-NIGHT MENU is officially launching tonight!!

Every night until 1am, enjoy CK treats... like Jumbo Shrimp, East Coast Oysters, a Prosciutto & Smoked Scamorza sandwich on foccacia, and these (pictured):

House Marinated Olives, Bread & Feta Dip

Deviled Eggs - pickled mushroom, jalapeno & pink pickled whites

Drinks served 'til 2am!, Thursday night dinner: Red Wine Braised Short Rib - brioche toad-in-the-hole, pickled apple and beet slaw. 

We open at 5:30! What are you waiting for? Book a table online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, New wines, come try!!

Valdibella Jaki + Tons de Duorum!, Some Pretty in Pink CK Deviled Eggs to cure those Monday blues! :)

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Our new Winter Vegetable Salad: artichoke barigoule, chicories, beets + green garlic vinaigrette. 

The perfect flavor combo - you have to try it!, NEW cocktail: The "Little Sister" - chinaco blanco tequila, aperol, amaro montenegro, vermouth.

We're open until 2am every night - if it's too busy upstairs at Brick & Mortar, stop on in and chill for a bit with some of our cocktails and late-night menu (served until 1am)!, Have you tried our Orange-Saffron Paella? 

An abundance of fresh duck confit, clams, mussels, squid and shrimp that will transport you straight to the east coast of Spain!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Nicky and Hazel are #onthebar tonight and asking for high fives. 

Come give the ladies what they want!, Tonight's #BackBarCure: Salt Cod Flatbread! 

See you for dinner!, Did you know we have a secret CK Burger?! All you have to do is ask! 

Zagat's got the scoop in their "Off the Menu" column: http://bit.ly/1iXOM7t

"With its innovative cocktails, this mid-priced American in Central Square (think fried octopus, local blue fish and great grilled sausages) is hardly a secret to food lovers. But unless you're a real regular, you probably aren't aware of Central Kitchen's CK Burger ($13), an off-the-menu option available by request only. Eight ounces of juicy ground sirloin is topped with Vermont cheddar and a tangy secret sauce, a creamy slather that is equal parts sweet and spicy. The secret's out. Order up. ", Rachel's cocktails are so pretty, even she does a double-take.

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Have you tried our cocktail, "Arrack & a Hard Place"? 

Batavia arrack, amaretto, combier, rum, lime. 

#yum., CK will be closed tonight for a staff team building event. 

i.e. eating wings, drinking, and pretending to watch the Super Bowl., Awwwww ... our bartender Rachel and her hubby! <3, Have you tried our Winter Cassoulet yet? Jagdwurst, pork loin, crépinette + flageolet beans.

The perfect dinner for a day like today! 

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Another new dish on the menu: Grilled Brook Trout - potato gratin, haricot vert, white wine & mussels.

A delicious way to warm up tonight!, We're excited to announce these NEW additions to the menu!

Winter Cassoulet: jagdwurst, pork loin, crépinette + flageolet beans - the perfect entrée to warm you up on a snowy evening!

New dessert: Bread Pudding with apricot sherbet & raspberry-thyme coulis - to reward yourself for venturing out!, NEW dessert: White Wine Poached Pear with crème fraîche, ice cream and sesame tuile!!

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Tonight's #BackBarCure: Cod Cakes with gribiche and grilled lemon.

We hope to see you soon!, Chef Mauricio may be shy - but his food speaks for itself., Some Devils on Horseback just for you!, Did you know that Central Kitchen has a secret burger? It's not on the menu. How do you get it? You just have to be in the know. (Don't tell anyone!), How about letting Hazel shuck you a dozen cold, fresh Beau Soleil oysters and throw in a few peel-and-eat shrimp to boot?, Neely's last night! She's so fancy., Our food is good; it's "quoted". 

We open at 5:30. To book a table for tonight, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Our loyal regulars of Ex Pat Thursday. Holding court at  the bar from left Matt, Ben, Ginger, Ian, and Maureen., Come warm up with tonight's Back Bar Cure: Parsnip and Celery Root Purée with mushrooms and a poached egg!, Now on special: Garlic Sautéed Shrimp with crispy prosciutto!!

Mmmmm..., Look at this hot, steaming vat of Clam Chowder with local little necks, potato, cream & grilled bread. 

Couldn't you just, jump right into it?

Well, you can tonight because we're open regular hours.

See you after 5:30!, Tonight's New Year's Eve special: Seared Scallops with butternut squash purée and pesto drizzle!, Do you want your New Year's Eve to be a memorable one? 

Start it off with dinner at CK and our famous Steak Frites (house aged angus rib eye with hand cut fries). Get properly fueled up for a long night of painting the town red. 

We open at 5:30. Book your table for NYE online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Cocktails + Shrimp Cocktail = a good start to your Saturday night.

We open at 5:30. To book a table, call 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Tonight's #BackBarCure: Seared Tuna with caponata and grilled asparagus!, If you're going to get a Caesar Salad, you might as well get the prettiest Caesar Salad in all the land!

Central Kitchen Caesar Salad - parmesan, lemon & boquerones.

We open at 5:30. Call us at 617-491-5599 or book a table online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Salmon Gravlax!, East Coast Cioppino is the warm bowl of awesomeness you need in a snowstorm.

Close-up by Chef/Owner Gary Strack!, Today's soup is hot, ready and waiting for you! Asparagus purée with feta and prosciutto crostinis ... yum., From another angle: Roasted Monkfish with parsnip, sunchoke, celeriac, fennel, red pepper coulis & crispy prosciutto.

It will warm you right up tonight!

We're open at 5:30! Call us at 617-491-5599 or book a table online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, We also have highly-acclaimed cocktails to accompany your dishes. Come warm up with one tonight!

Queen's Park Swizzle (l) - el dorado 12yr and wrey & nephew rums, mint, butters, lime

Speaking in Tongues (r) - strawberry infused del maguey crema mezcal, amaro, lemon, Picture this: You're inside our warm restaurant, staring out the windows at the snow falling peacefully in Central Square, and sharing our famous Chicken Fricassee with pommes puree, mushroom ragout, and fried leeks. 

Sounds like a magical night.

We're open at 5:30. To book a table, call us at 617-491-5599 or reserve one online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Come warm up with our #BackBarCure tonight: Bacon and Mushroom Risotto Stuffed Squash. Delicious and quite pretty!

We're open at 5:30! Call us at 617-491-5599 or book a table online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, We think you'll love this new addition to our menu: Red Wine Braised Short Rib - brioche toad-in-the-hole, pickled apple and beet slaw. 

We open at 5:30! What are you waiting for? Book a table online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb ;), Try our Indian Pudding tonight (one of our favorite desserts!) - poached pear, whipped cream, pepitas brittle & pomegranate! #yum

We open at 5:30. Call us at 617-491-5599 or book a table online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Warm up tonight with our current Soup Special: Parsnip and Apple with crispy duck and paprika garnish!

We open at 5:30. Call us at 617-491-5599 or book a table online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Our current #BackBarCure is amazing! Crispy House Made Sausage with pickles, herb salad, grilled bread, Dijon & whole grain mustard., Know what will cheer you up on a rainy night? Our Blue Cheese Fondue with Rib Eye! #tgif, New dish! Roasted Monkfish with parsnip, sunchoke, celeriac, fennel, red pepper coulis & crispy prosciutto., Tonight's #BackBarCure: Grilled Pears wrapped in prosciutto!, Sweet tooth acting up? Try our dessert: Orange Blossom Labneh Semifreddo with sour cherry preserves and za'atar fried almonds! #yum, Family in town? Let us do the cooking tonight. We open at 5:30. Call us at 617-491-5599 or book a table online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb and be the hero of the family!

[Photo] Seared Local Bluefish - eggplant caponata, fried polenta & grilled lemon. 

Mmmmmmm...., "Can I take you out to dinner?"

"Uhhhhh…"

"…to Central Kitchen?"

"I do!"

Here is our Grilled Heritage Pork Loin with red bliss, triple smoked bacon, grilled mushroom & green goddess!

We open at 5:30; reserve a table online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Our current #BackBarCure: Fritto Misto - fried smelt and calamari with Peruvian chili aioli! #yummmmm, #tgif! Have you tried our East Coast Cioppino? Jonah crab claw, scallop, squid, shrimp, mussels and clams. 

Fresh, local, delicious seafood., "That looks amazing. What is it?!"

Vegetable "Maqluba" - fregola sarda, eggplant, couza squash, yellow tomato + feta.

We open at 5:30; online reservations here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Come warm up at Central Kitchen tonight with our Clam Chowder with local little necks, potato, cream & grilled bread!

We open at 5:30; reserve a table online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Grilled Chicken with potato gratin, golden raisin & caper purée, roasted broccoli rabe, and pine nuts. 

Going to be replaced on the menu soon - get it while you can!, Melted Raclette - spring brook reading, fingerlings, house made pickles. 

Won't you join us for dinner?

We open at 5:30. Online reservations: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb

Don't forget to follow us on Instagram for more #foodpics: http://instagram.com/_centralkitchen, Honored to be featured in Boston Magazine's 'Where to Eat, Right Now: The List': http://bit.ly/19qxHfo

"Central Kitchen: The craft cocktails are excellent here, as is the upscale tavern fare, featuring thoughtful extras like the apricot mustard served with grilled sausage, and the crispy chickpeas alongside fried octopus."

A note from Chef & Owner, Gary Strack: 

"To be honest when I look at the list, filled mostly with the newer openings, I see a bit of Central Kitchen's DNA in a lot of the other restaurants. Many of the chefs and restaurateurs included here are part of the CK extended family, either as regular customers, co-workers, or past employees. 

So many great, quality people have been through both the front and the back doors. On the customer side we have been at times a home away from home to famous academics like Henry Louis Gates Jr., Cornel West, Steven Pinker, Sarah Lawrence-Lightfoot, and the late great, Reverend Peter J.Gomes. Novelists like Dennis Lehane and Pulitzer Prize winner Junot Diaz have called Central Kitchen their favorite restaurant in Boston. 

We have fed Patti Smith, Butch Vig, Ornette Coleman, Peanut Butter Wolf, Prefuse 73, Joe Perry, and the Mighty Mighty Bosstones. Clint Eastwood had the Steak Frites as did fellow Oscar winners Sean Penn and Tim Robbins. We hosted Natalie Portman's graduation dinner and she didn't have a steak (but still won an Oscar.)", Traditional Moules Marinière - mussels, wine, butter, garlic & hand cut fries. 

So. Good. 

We open at 5:30; reserve a table online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, NEW on the menu starting tonight, our #BackBarCure: Italian Country Pâté with house-made pickles, herbs, mustard and grilled toasts.

Pâté made with pork, parsley, oregano, garlic, shallot and chilis., Hungry yet? 

How about now?

Our mouth-watering Steak Frites (house aged angus rib eye with hand cut fries) has been a staple on our menu for years. Come find out why.

We open at 5:30. Book your table for tonight online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, In case you're wondering about our cover photo, it's one of our most popular dishes: Steak Tartare, Parisian Style, with capers, cornichons and quail egg!

We open at 5:30. Book your table online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Thrilled to have our "Come Dancing!" cocktail featured in Boston Magazine's guide to the best craft cocktails in Boston! http://bit.ly/17PlSWe

Come Dancing!: Ford's gin, amontillado, dolin Blanc, grapefruit, bitters. 

Come try one tonight! We open at 5:30; reserve a table online right here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, Contemplating dinner plans? We can help with that. Here is our out-of-this-world Duck Confit Salad, with frisee, arugula, pistachios, golden raisins, lardons & a poached egg on top. 

We open at 5:30; reserve a table online here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb, null, New menu item! Grilled Octopus with paprika potatoes, grilled treviso, radish, olive aioli and sweet lemon. #yum, It's Friday, thank god! Surprise them with dinner tonight ... and don't forget our new dessert: Jonagold Apple Crisp with ginger beer ice cream, cider caramel, Baharat and cranberry. 

We open at 5:30; reserve a table on OpenTable here: http://on.fb.me/17S9LWb

Be warned: this dessert has been known to induce marriage proposals., Step inside from the rain tonight and try our current #BackBarCure: Steve Parker's locally foraged Mushroom Fricasse with a parsnip purée and a poached farm fresh egg. Delicious - and only on special for a limited time! 

Hey look! We're now on Twitter: https://twitter.com/_CentralKitchen

...and Instagram: http://instagram.com/_centralkitchen/

Follow us for daily food pics!, Sweet tooth acting up? Come give it what it wants...
We have got a fabulous Coconut Pionono on our dessert menu today. Served with Yerba Mate ice cream & red chili chocolate this Dulce de Leche style dessert is delicate, complex and lick-smacking good., Today's Soup - Clam Chowder full of creamy, onionlicious garlicosity, garnished with crispy bacon and croutons. Decadent., Today's Soup is a delicious Yellow Tomato Gazpacho with cucumber, garlic, carrots, cilantro, orange, lime & pineapple, topped with creme  fraiche. Cool and comforting, come in and treat your palate properly., Thusday, Sept 19th at our sister location Firebrand Saints we will be hosting an event featuring Brooklyn based street-artists Enzo & Nio. For more info check out the link - http://mad.ly/999504, The new Central Kitchen menu is here! Check it out (then come in and really check it out).
--
 
AIRMAIL
   <white rum, honey, lime + bubbles>   

ONE TRICK PONY
   <vodka, grapefruit, aperol, st. germain + bubbles>   

GUNPOWDER GIMLET 
   <cardamom infused vodka, gunpowder green tea, lime> 

ICED TODDY 
   <earl grey-infused rye, honey, lemon>   

CORN N’ OIL
    <carribean rums, velvet falernum, lime + bitters>   

QUEEN’S PARK SWIZZLE
    <rum, mint, bitters, lime>   

UNDER CAPRICORN
    <gin, pamplemousse rose, orange curacao + lemon>  

CENTRAL WARD
   <hirsch small batch bourbon, aperol, chartreuse, lime>   

MAXIMILIAN AFFAIR
   <mezcal, st. germain, punt e mes, lemon>, BIG NEWS : We are debuting our new cocktail menu at Central Kitchen this Wednesday. We have recently made steps to bring the food at Brick & Mortar up to a higher level of quality in these past few months, now we are taking steps to bring the cocktail program at Central Kitchen up to the level of quality and innovation that folks expect upstairs at Brick & Mortar. We want to give our customers the best experience possible on both floors. Thanks for your loyalty thus far, we hope these changes make your visits with us even better., null, Just a heads up, our classic Summer Fried Chicken Basket is being served upstairs at our Sister's place, Brick & Mortar., Tomorrow we will be serving our delicious Clams & Chorizo for you crazy kids..., What's our special tonight? Maybe Halibut?

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/08/17/515-pound-halibut-marco-leibenow-norway_n_3772878.html?utm_hp_ref=mostpopular, Our awesome pastry chef Neely has outdone herself today. She has whipped up a delicious Peach Tarte Tatin with Ginger-Miso Ice Cream, Raspberry, Star Anise & Sesame. Breathtaking..., Thank you to everyone who came out and made this lovely Friday night such a pleasant time. Central Sq attracts some of the most interesting people in the world!, Soup of the Day : Cream of Roasted Veggie – (with proscuitto) potato, carrots, little fennel, onion, garlic and cauliflower.  Only $9 for all that flavor. Let Mama make you some soup sugar...., Sweet Sunday, what a lovely evening for a glass of wine and a nice conversation at the bar.., What a perfect Friday night, come out and grab some of our famous Fried Octopus...it does a body good!, A big thanks to the wonderful Rachel Leah Blumenthal for taking the time to review us on CBS local's website...ok we took a little while to say thanks but we are sincere! Love you Rachel!

http://boston.cbslocal.com/2011/11/30/restaurant-review-central-kitchen/, Check out this awesome piece, we are happy to be mentioned by the lovely Mara Littman on the Boston Herald website...thanks Mara!, TO ALL OUR CUSTOMERS - We just want to say THANK YOU to all the regulars who have been coming to see us for SO long now. Many of you have been coming regularly since we opened our doors (like Ian, the stylish gentleman with a Purple jacket so cool he made Mick Jagger do a double take and miss a beat during the Stones recent show here....Seriously...) 
It is like one big family here and our long time regulars are such a huge part of that. We can't say enough about the folks who keep our dining room and bar full of smiles and laughter. 
WE LOVE YOU GUYS!, Reserve a Table!!

http://bit.ly/14pYUBR, Chicken Fricassee is back!!!, SHE WON!!!!! Of course our sweet genius won she is the most talented and beautiful pastry chef around. Watch out for Neely Cohen World!!, Tonight! On Food Network @ 10:00 - Check out our pastry chef Neely Cohen on Sweet Genius. Good Luck Neely!, Well, the black out seems to be over but food preparation has taken a hit! Please go for drinks at Brick & Mortar and come in for dinner tomorrow!, Get your CK chicken basket before they're gone!, Tomorrow Central Kitchen tuns 13, this is no April Fool's joke. Thanks to all our friends past, present and future, keep on keepin on!, Lobster Hash, don't worry there's bacon in there too., We have a pork confit flatbread tonight.   Mmmmmmmmmm., Even the Canadians know what's up...  Brick & Mortar homage night in Victoria, BC!, We have Wild Mushrooms and Creamy Polenta oh and if you like meat Cassoulet!, For lunch you want Firebrand Saints, for drinks you want Brick & Mortar, Last two nights for the Enormous Room, let's throw down before it gets torn down!, is a great place to eat and drink, Central Square, however, is weird., so nice to have a farmer's market in our backyard - hierloom tomato and mozzarella di bufala on the menu!, bad news = summer is almost over
good news = fried chicken basket is in full effect, Tonight's cheese plate:  Brebis Abbaye de Belloc.  So good.  And as luck would have it, we have a lot of great wine.  ;), Summer "Cassoulet" on tonight - pork confit + veal sausage + grilled pork loin + all the best fresh beans from the farmer's market!, will be featuring the 3 B's tonight - Buffalo (oysters), Borscht and Boucheron.  Sorry Bach, Beethoven and Brahms, you have been usurped., hot... be glad you're not a line cook today., Ceviche + Rosé = Summer, buffalo rock shrimp are better than hockey, sorry., With the Rapture pending, might as well stuff yourself and have a hangover in Heaven. Bottoms up!, Local Oysters and Loire Lemonade; 
Spring is nature's way of saying, "Let's party!", I would like the duck prosciutto followed by the sauteed ramps, and the grilled pork tenderloin, thank you., We have bacon... on a dessert., Paella ~ making a comeback, manana!  Joy and Spanish influenced Happiness!, Also come check out her Gooey Butter Cake, goat free!, Check out our pastry chef Lauren Bell hobnob with baby goats!, Yummmm... Seared Haloumi ~ House-Cured Guanciale, Come on Spring - Veggies want to make a comeback!!, Frickles (fried pickles) join our snacks menu... plus Sunday Spirits featuring rum tonight. Join the Sunday night crew to wrap up your weekend!, Second week of Sunday Spirits featuring rum... come try our rum manhattan or a tasty roasted Scituate diver scallop with gremolata!, It's finally a lovely day!  Come celebrate with Lux, Kevin, venison rillettes and a glass of rose., Friday night... Deliciousness is brewing., With all the weather a doughnut and coffee sound real good., Sunday Spirits @ CK: Not down with the pomp & red carpets of the Oscars? Come have a smoky mezcal cocktail with us... and help us brainstorm for next month's rum SS@CK! (Two orders of house-made Duck Prosciutto ($10) also beckon.), East Coast Cioppino, Penultimate Mezcal Sunday Spirits! Come in to taste a Pellizcar (literally 'pinch') made with mezcal and our popular chile-infused Chinaco tequila, the same as in the popular Firelily!, Venison & Tart Cherry Terrine as Back Bar Cure, plus a rich and delicious Lobster Bisque grace our chalkboard this evening. And don't forget about Sunday Spirits @ CK featuring mezcal tomorrow night! Kitchen's open until 11pm for your later evening dining., Oxtail Ragout is Back Bar Cure tonight - $12... plus a delish Potato Leek Soup for $8., Come treat your sweetheart to dinner at your neighborhood restaurant... Our Back Bar Cure is a Foie Gras Torchon plus Sundays Spirits featuring mezcal! Enjoy a Pellizcar or a Central Affair tonight., Central Kitchen and the Enormous Room will be closed tonight, Sunday, February 6, and will be open on our regular schedule tomorrow. Don't forget Sunday Spirits returns next Sunday with a new mezcal offering!, In addition to Sunday Spirits @ CK featuring mezcal, our menu has 3 new starters (incl. Clams & Chorizo and Fritto Misto), 3 new entrees (incl. Grilled Brook Trout & Winter Cassoulet with confit leg of duck, and 2 new desserts (incl. Banana & Caramel Turnovers)!, Sunday Spirits @ CK: featuring mezcal tonight! Come in to try a mezcal gimlet or a Oaxacan Breeze... maybe you'll forget it's going to be -7 degrees., Sunday Spirits @ CK: Last night of sherry cocktails! Mezcal next... what's your favorite mezcal?, Sunday Spirits @ CK: Sherry cocktails tonight - don't you want to try an Adonis? Or the Dolores Haze? We switch to featuring mezcal in two weeks, so this is your penultimate chance!, Bryce's Braised Pork Belly is rockin' as our Back Bar Cure tonight - only 6 orders! Come early for this tasty dish served with whipped potatoes and a cider dijon glaze., Sunday Spirits @ CK: Taking a break from sherry cocktails this week, we start testing for next month - mezcal, anyone?, New on the menu: Salt Cod Brandade, Gooey Butter Cake with fresh citrus & Pear and Almond Tart... plus tonight's soup is a delish Lobster Bisque and the Back Bar Cure is housemade Pate de Campagne - a country pork pate., Out and about in Central Square? Visit your neighborhood restaurant on this snowy eve. Friendly bar staff, warm and cozy room, tasty food and drinks - what more could you ask for?, Wednesday features: Fried Pig's Ears ($10) as Back Bar Cure, Five Onion Soup and Chevrin on the cheese plate... plus new menu items - Lamb Shank & Roasted Half-Chicken. Hearty food for this snowy night!, Sundays-only cocktail night in full swing: 5 sherry cocktails ranging from Manhattan-variant 'Adonis' to 'Torrijas Flip' inspired by french toast. Also come in for our housemade Duck Prosciutto and new-to-the-menu Lamb Shank., Start your holiday week off right - visit Central Kitchen this Sunday for a "Sundays-only" cocktail list! 3 more weeks of Sherry-based cocktails., Also, something you can ONLY get on Sundays here: sampling drinks based around a chosen spirit... Come be part of our pilot night with sherry-centered cocktails., Come make your Sunday a little more interesting... Back Bar Cure is Foie with cranberry compote, plus Potato & Watercress soup topped blue cheese & bacon., Did you know our kitchen is open until 11pm on Sundays? Come in to try our tasty and substantial pork chop or our ever-popular Steak Frites... soup tonight is Sunchoke & Watercress and the cheese plate features Abbaye de Tamie from Paccard's Fromagerie., Eating out tonight? CK's warm coziness awaits you..., Tired of turkey? Come try our new menu item! Out with the cold Ceviche Del Dia, in with Whole Baked Sardines! Also tonight we have a Poached Shrimp & Lobster "Sausage" as our Back Bar Cure... Hope to see you soon!, Too long of a wait for a table on Friday and Saturday? Come visit us tonight! Featuring a delicious Braised Beef Tongue app as Back Bar Cure ($12) and ask about the Pan-roasted Venison Loin entree special ($27)... only a few orders left! Plus desserts being made fresh today by our new pastry chef!, Tonight's grilled sausage app features a smoked polish sausage and our Back Bar Cure is Antipasto with mortadella, sopresatta and capicola..., Lots of new delicious desserts from pastry chef Lauren Bell: Port-soaked Cherry Clafoutis, Orange-Cranberry Bread Pudding and Cinnamon-Chocolate Cookies topped with sea salt join the classic chocolate cake, creme brulee and Tosci's ice creams. (try the Peanut Butter & Honey!), Grilled boar and venison sausage as new snack, Montgomery Farmhouse Cheddar on the cheese plate and French Country Pate as Back Bar Cure... plus a few off-menu burgers available! Come see us tonight!, Come in Thursday night on the early side for a look at our new cheese plate, and maybe a new Back Bar Snack too..., Sunday night specials include Moroccan Carrot soup and the delicious Senne Flada cheese plate... plus two new desserts: Sweet Potato Pie and Apple Bread Pudding!, Back bar cure tonight: Antipasto plate with shishito peppers, sopressata and more! Pemaquid and Peacock Cove representing on the oyster front... Lots of warming dishes for this fall evening, plus Jack Rose on the cocktail menu!, Stop in to try our Cider Smash on the new fall cocktail menu, Warm Goat Cheese Petatou and tonight's soup, a delicious Potato Leek!, Come in tonight to try our Warm Duck Salad with roasted heirloom squash and our Back Bar Cure of sauteed chicken livers with a sherry-currant sauce!, We are wicked and local even if you are from Somerville (or Needham.)  
Thanks, Rebecca!, Central Kitchen ~  Massachusetts v. The World ~ Cook Off.  
This was a ton of fun to do.  Lots' of great local producers involved., has always liked Mark Bittman, but it is hard to trust a man writing about Parisian bistros who admittedly doesn't like goat cheese., Momofuku Ko, Mamafuko Fu? Congrats to Rob Evans up at Hugo's in Portland, check it out (I know, I know ... it's hard when you go up there not to just go to Fore Street.), Living the dream., Fifty of the worlds best food blogs by the London Times., was hungry after work last night and stopped at the cavernous, mountaintop, Asian restaurant now called Jin on Route 1.  There were literally thousands of people enjoying not only the Chippendale’s Las Vegas Male Review but also a full on Thai wedding.  Among the nightclubs, bars, and function halls there are three restaurants.  The Hot Pot was great but go for the scene.  Its a post-modern train wreck. Amazing fun!, This article is more about design than taste but they do make an organic version of the classic that is great., "People may say what they like about the decay of christianity (but) the religious system that produced green chartreuse can never really die."
                                                  "Reginald" by Saki, 1904, is ten years old today.  And we want a shiny new bike, and a Nerf gun, and a soccer ball ..., It's always been difficult to source out really great legumes.  They are the building blocks for so many great dishes but beans in America are the bottom of the barrel, literally.  Check out Steve Sando's bean farm in Napa, California.  A good selection of heirloom beans at somewhat reasonable prices., The answer is Roscioli on Via Dei Giubbonari, 21 in the Campo De Fiori., Mangalitsa Pigs never went out of favor with us!, We go to Venedmia in the fall to watch soccer and learn about wine making in the hills above Florence from Sergio, one of the owners of Harry's Bar. )