List(Our hearts go out to the Marr family; this is certainly not the outcome anyone prayed for. This is a tragedy we cannot imagine having to bear. We will keep you and Zachary in our thoughts and prayers., Our thoughts & prayers go out to Zachary's family and friends.
We have provided video to his family and the police and it showed Zachary leaving the Bell in Hand at 1:20 am and the video clearly shows that Zachary did not try to re-enter the Bell in Hand. It does, however, show several other customers leaving and re-entering.  He would not have been denied access. Other video has shown he was last seen in front of the garage heading towards surface artery. We hope that he is found soon and we are cooperating fully with police and the family to help in any way we can., Valentine's Day is this Sunday and Monday is a Holiday! ❤️ What's everyone doing? Come to The Bell in Hand and join our "Love Stinks! Let's Drink!" party. ❤️

We will be giving away a pair of Christian Louboutins!! You must enter the drawing by 10:30PM for a chance to win. 

Live music all night downstairs starting at 5PM with
Dalton & the Sheriffs!

DJ P will be spinning the tunes upstairs starting at 9PM! 

See you there!
#valentinesday #bellinhand #christianlouboutin #countrysunday #livemusic, Get to The Bell in Hand tomorrow! Josh Logan will be performing at 3pm and you don't want to miss it!, What a difference! Last year on this day we were covered in snow. #snowpocalypse #bellinhand #unionstreet #boston ⛄️❄️⛄️, @SupportRequests #20220038, Kenny Chesney on tour in Maine. He looks fantastic in The Bell in Hand shirt! #kennychesney #bellinhand, Summer is not over yet but we are already serving Shipyard Pumpkinhead! Come on in and get a cold one!
#shipyard #pumpkinhead #pumpkinbeer #bellinhand, All UMass alumni!! Your band Guitar Dudes will be playing on Sunday from 3pm to 5pm! See you all there!, Mayor Marty Walsh speaking in front of The Bell in Hand at the ground breaking ceremony for "Connect Historic Boston." #connecthistoricboston" #faneuilhall #freedomtrail #martywalsh #bellinhand #oldesttaverninamerica, Karaoke finals at the Bell in Hand tonight
9PM
$500.00 cash prize, Our favorite country band had just released their lastest song! Buy it on iTunes today. Join us every Thursday night at The Bell in Hand at 9pm with Dalton & the Sheriffs. #daltonband #countrythursdays #bellinhand @daltonband, #FlashbackFriday for a flag lesson  The 40 star flag we have in the Bell in Hand Tavern dates back to November 2, 1889 when South Dakota was admitted to the union. Fun fact: It was only accurate for 6 days before Montana was admitted to the union on November 8, 1889. #americanhistory #americanflag #fortystarflag #history  #historylesson #southdakota #montana #bellinhandtavern #bellinhand #tavern #faneuilhall, Thanks for the shout out Elite Daily!!! We love you more!

"Only in the city of Boston are you able to get a history lesson and a good buzz all in one spot.

The Bell in Hand Tavern, for one, has been around since 1795, and it’s only grown in popularity since its founding.

You’re not a true Bostonian unless you frequent the classic bar and chug Sam Adams...", Is that you, Jimmy Wilson? Our #mcm goes to Eddie, Come join us for live music all day and night starting at 3pm. Enjoy the limited edition Sam Adams 26.2 Boston Brew before it's gone!, #Repost @sportscenter with @repostapp.・・・Lelisa Desisa of Ethiopia and Caroline Rotich of Kenya win the men's and women's division of the 2015 Boston Marathon., A huge CONGRATULATIONS to the winners and all the participants of the 119th Boston Marathon. You are all incredible!! We're still watching and cheering here at the Bell! #BostonMarathon #MarathonMonday #PatriotsDay #26point2 #YouCanDoIt #RunFast, What a gorgeous day in Boston Public Gardens #Boston #PublicGardens #sunshine #bellinhand #greatdayforastroll stop in for a drink on your adventures today #marathonmonday #marathonweekend #marathon #runners, Brandon Lepere Acoustic on stage right now! Come on in!  #brandonlepereacoustic #bellinhand #livemusic #acoustic #band #faneuilhall #tavern #music, Pineapple Mint Mojito by our very own @jaxx92289. Tastes even better than it looks  #comegetyours #bellinhand #cocktail #mojito #mintmojito #pineapple #mint #faneuilhall #summerdrink #summercocktail #tavern #bar #tavernpunch #jaclynistalented #bestbartender, It's marathon weekend and we have Sam Adams limited edition 26.2 on tap. Run over to the Bell in Hand to get it before it's gone!  #bostonmarathon #marathonmonday #marathonweekend #marathon #bellinhand #samadams #26.2 #bostonbrew #beer #coldone #ontap #pint #12oz #24oz #boston #faneuilhall #patriotsday, Get your cowboy boots and summer dresses on for country band Dalton & The Sheriffs on stage tonight at 9 pm. Yeehaww! 

Plus DJ and dancing upstairs from 9:30 pm.

See you all soon!!, The original Bell in Hand, Today is a celebration of the "resiliency, generosity, and strength" of the people that make Boston the great city it is. Join us for a moment of silence at 2:49PM to honor those affected by the 2013 Boston Marathon Bombings. #OneBostonDay, We are resilient. We are generous. We are strong. We are Boston., Get the party started at the Bell in Hand... Join us for our Spring 2015 Weekly Karaoke Contest starting tonight! Sign up from 9pm.

The best two acts of the night will "battle" for a $100 cash prize and the winner will be chosen by the crowd.

Weekly winners will compete in the finale for a $500 cash prize on June 9th.

Sing your heart out and bring your friends to cheer for you!

Let the battles begin!!!, null, Our windows are open, it must be spring! Stop in to enjoy this beautiful afternoon at the Bell in Hand!, null, Happy New Year! Come and celebrate at The Bell in Hand! Josh Logan from the Voice is singing downstairs tonight with his full band! Upstairs we have DJ and dancing! See you there!, Come celebrate New Years Eve with us!  Tickets are on sale now for a special price until 12/19 and include:

Two floors of dancing with a DJ on both floors
Appetizers served from 9pm-10pm
Champagne toast at midnight
Coat check

Get your tickets now. Join the party!!
Call us at 617-227-2098 to purchase.
$25 for the first floor 
$35 for the second floor, Get down to The Bell in Hand tonight! You don't want to miss a live performance by Josh Logan who was one of the finalists on "The Voice" -season 5. Music starts at 9pm. See you all there!, Get to The Bell in Hand today at 5:30! Backyard BBQ is happening! #burgers #brisket #bulleitbourbon See you there!, *4TH OF JULY WEEKEND STARTS@ 9PM* 
DANCE PARTY WITH DeeJay P UPSTAIRS!!! Looking forward to all your smiling faces and having a great time!!! See you there. Please share. #deejayp #dj #dancing #music #entertainment #bellinhand #boston, Tonight from 6:30-9:30 Harpoon Brewery will be showcasing their 100 Barrel Series #50!
Citra Victorious, A grapefruit infused pale ale. Refreshing new brew for summer! 
Stop by tonight for a sample and complimentary appetizers. One lucky guest will win two Red Sox tickets!
#harpoon #100barrelseries, CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR KARAOKE WINNERS!!!

First place Jeff Dodge
Second place Alina Zybtseva
Jeff will return next week for battle round !

Come to the "BELL IN HAND WEEKLY KARAOKE CONTEST"
*EVERY TUESDAY NIGHT

SIGN UPS START AT 9PM!!!

First Place Prize: $50 CASH
Second Place Prize: $25 BELL IN HAND GIFT CERTIFICATE

*The first place winner is welcomed back the following Tuesday night to compete with our next first place winner in the battle round for another $50.

*This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook.

#karaoke #deejayp #bellinhand #entertainment #sing #music, CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR KARAOKE WINNERS!!!

First place Kayla Guilbault
Second place William B
Kayla will return next week for battle round !

Come to the "BELL IN HAND WEEKLY KARAOKE CONTEST"
*EVERY TUESDAY NIGHT

SIGN UPS START AT 9PM!!!

First Place Prize: $50 CASH
Second Place Prize: $25 BELL IN HAND GIFT CERTIFICATE

*The first place winner is welcomed back the following Tuesday night to compete with our next first place winner in the battle round for another $50.

*This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook.

#karaoke #deejayp #bellinhand #entertainment #sing #music, Happy Friday...Brandon Lepere is jammin til 830!!! And later Never In Vegas will rock the downstairs and DJ P will be spinning the tunes upstairs! Get in before 9 to skip the line and cover charge!!!!, Rain or shine, we are still pouring beers!, The Voice SEASON 5 (2013) FINALISTS
Team Christina & Team Blake 

LIVE FROM THE BELL IN HAND STAGE

*SUNDAY NIGHT MAY 25*
LONG MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND!!!

Cole Vosbury
Josh Logan Music
Olivia Henken

6PM - VIP MEET & GREET ($50)

INCLUDES: COMPLIMENTARY APPETIZERS, Tito's VODKA PROMOTIONS, & A RAFFLE DRAWING!

7-10:30PM - GENERAL TICKET ($25)

THE PARTY CONTINUES FROM 10:30PM WITH DeeJay P UPSTAIRS AND A LIVE BAND DOWNSTAIRS.

TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW!!!
http://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/638987

*This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook.
#thevoice #colevosbury #joshlogan #oliviahenken #music #livemusic #band #singer #songwriter #deejayp #dj #bellinhand #entertainment #titos, *SUNDAY NIGHT MAY 25*
LONG MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND!!!

LIVE FROM THE BELL IN HAND STAGE

The Voice SEASON 5 (2013) FINALISTS
Team Christina & Team Blake 

Cole Vosbury
Josh Logan Music
Olivia Henken

6PM - VIP MEET & GREET ($50)

INCLUDES: COMPLIMENTARY APPETIZERS, Tito's VODKA PROMOTIONS, & A RAFFLE DRAWING!

7-10:30PM - GENERAL TICKET ($25)

THE PARTY CONTINUES FROM 10:30PM WITH DeeJay P UPSTAIRS AND A LIVE BAND DOWNSTAIRS. 

TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW!!!
http://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/638987

*This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook.
 #thevoice #colevosbury #joshlogan #oliviahenken #music #livemusic #band #singer #songwriter #deejayp #dj #bellinhand #entertainment #titos, Who's excited for Sunday????, Contestants from The Voice are performing at The Bell in Hand next Sunday!

Josh Logan 
Olivia Henken
Cole Vosbury

Get your tickets now at www.brownpapertickets.com
#thevoice @nbcthevoice, Look what we have on tap!!!! Cisco Brewery's Grey Lady Ale!!!!! Want some extra love in that beer? Ask for a Blue Haired Lady (with a shot of Triple 8 blueberry vodka)...yummy!!!!!, The Bell In Hand has some new artwork!!!!! Can you guess these historical figures???? Who knew they were sports fans;)!!!!! 
Come check it out!!!!! Tonight we have a live band (Cover Story) downstairs and DJ P upstairs!!!!!, "BELL IN HAND WEEKLY KARAOKE CONTEST"
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$

WE'RE ALIVE AND ROCKIN' IN BOSTON!!!
TELL YOUR FRIENDS...

TONIGHT!!! And EVERY TUESDAY NIGHT
KARAOKE with DeeJay P
Bring your best to the stage

SIGN UPS START AT 9PM!!!

First Place Prize: $50 CASH
Second Place Prize: $25 BELL IN HAND GIFT CERTIFICATE

*The first place winner is welcomed back the following Tuesday night to compete with our next first place winner in the battle round for another $50.

Photo: Last weeks winners KK and Dale.

*This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook.
#karaoke #music #sing #deejayp #dj #bellinhand #entertainment, Come on down to The Bell in Hand tonight from 5 - 7PM. Sam Adam will be here for you to sample one of their amazing brews and a lucky winner will receive:

2 tickets to a Red Sox game with an all access pass, on field after the game

2 tickets to a brewery tour at Sam Adams and will brew a beer with Lou Merloni 

and
2 Oktoberfest tickets

See you soon at The Bell!, PARTY PEOPLE!!! THE WEEKEND IS HERE!!! WOOHOO!!!

Pumped up for another weekend at the Bell In Hand Tavern with DeeJay P
Looking forward to all your :) faces and having a great time!!! See you there. Please share.
#deejayp #dj #dancing #music #entertainment #bellinhand #boston, WE'RE ALIVE AND ROCKIN' IN BOSTON!!! 
TELL YOUR FRIENDS

TONIGHT!!! And EVERY TUESDAY NIGHT
KARAOKE with DeeJay P
Bring your best to the stage
"BELL IN HAND WEEKLY KARAOKE CONTEST"

*This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook.

SIGN UPS START AT 9PM!!!

First Place Prize: $50 CASH
Second Place Prize: $25 BELL IN HAND GIFT CERTIFICATE

*The first place winner is welcomed back the following Tuesday night to compete with our next first place winner in the battle round for another $50.
#karaoke #music #sing #deejayp #dj #bellinhand #entertainment, IT'S THAT TIME PEOPLE!!! THE WEEKEND IS HERE!!! :)

Pumped up for another weekend at the Bell In Hand Tavern with DeeJay P
Looking forward to all your :) faces and having a great time!!! See you there. Please share.
#deejayp #dj #dancing #music #entertainment #bellinhand #boston, WE'RE ALIVE AND ROCKIN' IN BOSTON!!! TELL YOUR FRIENDS

TONIGHT!!! And EVERY TUESDAY NIGHT
KARAOKE with DeeJay P
Bring your best to the stage
"BELL IN HAND WEEKLY KARAOKE CONTEST"

*This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook.

SIGN UPS START AT 9PM!!!

First Place Prize: $50 CASH
Second Place Prize: $25 BELL IN HAND GIFT CERTIFICATE

*The first place winner is welcomed back the following Tuesday night to compete with our next first place winner in the battle round for another $50.
#karaoke #music #sing #deejayp #dj #bellinhand #entertainment, Pumped up for another weekend at the Bell In Hand Tavern with DeeJay P
Looking forward to all your smiling faces :) and having a great time!!! See you there. Please share.
#deejayp #dj #dancing #music #entertainment #bellinhand #boston — feeling stoked, Good Times at "BELL IN HAND WEEKLY KARAOKE CONTEST"
Hosted by DeeJay P
*This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook.

Congratulations to First Place Winners:

*Matt Pereira AKA Matty P from Woburn MA
*Trevor Papenmeier  AKA T-Paps from Branchville NJ

Kudos to Second Place Winner:

*Amy Weaver 

"If you see yourself tag yourself" :)

Thank you for your making "BELL IN HAND" your good times place. Please share. 
#karaoke #deejayp #music #sing #bellinhand, TONIGHT!!! And EVERY TUESDAY NIGHT 
KARAOKE with DeeJay P 
Bring your best to the stage
"BELL IN HAND WEEKLY KARAOKE CONTEST"
*This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook.

SIGN UPS START AT 9PM!!!

First Place Prize: $50 CASH
Second Place Prize: $25 BELL IN HAND GIFT CERTIFICATE

*The first place winner is welcomed back the following Tuesday night to compete with our next first place winner in the battle round for another $50. 
#karaoke #music #sing #deejayp #dj #bellinhand, Join us for DJ and Dancing Upstairs 
Every Friday and Saturday night with DeeJay P

We <3 Wally the Green Monster 
Thanks for stopping by "THE BELL IN HAND TAVERN" 
#dj #deejayp #music #dancing :), DJ Roy Barboza & The Street Team from HOT 96.9 will be here spinning the tunes from 6:30-8:30! Lucky customers will get chance to crack the code of the bank vault and win big! #flashbackfriday   See you all soon!, It's #countrynight tonight at The Bell in Hand with Dalton & the Sheriffs. See you there!, Join us at The Bell in Hand tonight! 
Downstairs is #CountryNight with Dalton & the Sheriffs! Upstairs we have #throwbackthursday #tbt from 10PM to 1PM.
DJ Roy Barboza & The Street Team from HOT 96.9 will be here spinning the tunes along with Jameson reps! Lucky customers will get chance to crack the code of "The Throwback Bank Vault" to win $10,969!
See you tonight!, Yuengling is here! Come to The Bell in Hand from 6 - 8 pm tonight for our launch party! Good times and lots of giveaways!, Join us at The Bell in Hand tonight upstairs for #throwbackthursday #tbt from 10PM to 1PM.
DJ Roy Barboza & The Street Team from HOT 96.9 will be here spinning the tunes along with #Heineken!
Merchandize and prizes will be given away all night and 50 customers will chosen for a chance to crack the code of "The Throwback Bank Vault" to win a progressive jackpot.
See you tonight!, DJ Roy Barboza from HOT 96.9 and #Heineken are here tonight and every Thursday night. Stop by The Bell in Hand!
#TBT #throwbackthursday, Join us at The Bell in Hand every Thursday night upstairs for #throwbackthursday #tbt from 10PM to 1PM.
DJ Roy Barboza & The Street Team from HOT 96.9 will be here spinning the tunes. 
Merchandize and prizes will be given away all night and 50 customers will chosen for a chance to crack the code of "The Throwback Bank Vault" to win a progressive jackpot.
See you tomorrow night!, We are open and Dalton & The Sheriffs are playing tonight.  Come on by for Country Night!
@DaltonSheriffs, See you at The Bell in Hand tonight at 9PM for Country Night with Dalton & The Sheriffs!
@DaltonSheriffs #countrynight,  Valentine smalentine.. you just don't care

and neither do we!

Join us on February 14th at the Bell in Hand.

Enjoy a flight of Sam Adams beer while you munch on complimentary light hors d'oeurves and chat with people who understand that Valentine's Day isn't a real holiday. 

This is not a valentines dinner event... there won't be any candle light, roses or other ridiculous romantic cliches. We are not even sure we will provide chairs. What you will find is a great group of people ready to raise a glass of Sam Adams and toast to "F Valentines Day" before getting back to some great hors d'oeurves and conversation.  

Plus - be entered to win a $100 gift certificate to Sam Adams Gift Shop at the brewery!

And if you end up meeting Mr or Ms Right (or Mr - Ms Right now) so much the better. We won't hold it against you.. until next year!

Ticket Special: Only $14 until Friday ($20 full price) - this event will sell out!  Boston Event Guide is hosting this event. Please click here. bostoneventguide.com/f-valentines-day, Come to The Bell in Hand! Stu Sinclair is playing downstairs tonight at 9:30 and DJ & Dancing upstairs.

Also, enter to win a Superbowl party for you and your friends! Free appetizers and prizes after every quarter!

See you tonight!, Don't miss out on NYE tickets at The Bell in Hand!

We still have tickets for downstairs available and we are now selling them for half price until Christmas!

We have limited tickets available for upstairs!
Call now to reserve!
617-227-2098, Happy Thanksgiving! 
The Bell in Hand is opened tonight! 
Join us for drinks and live music!, Join us at The Bell in Hand on Wednesday, November 13 from 7 pm - 10 pm to meet the head brewer, Scott Shirley, from Harpoon's Vermont Brewery.
 
Enter to win a pair of K2 Skis and lift tickets to Mount Sunapee! Winner must be present.

We are pleased to tap the 100 Barrel Series: Polskie Manste, Big day at The Bell in Hand!

1:00 Patriots VS Miami 

       watch on the big screen!

4:00 The Gentleman Outfit debuts at The Bell In Hand 
       
       check out this amazing acoustic duo!! 
       
       thegentlemanoutfit.com

8:00 Game 4 of the World Series
    
        playing on the big screen!, Join us at The Bell in Hand.
Live music downstairs tonight from Big Party Orchestra! 
DJ and dancing upstairs!

#sundayfunday #columbusdayweekend, It's country night tonight!!
Come dance to live music by Dalton & The Sheriffs!

#countrynight  #daltonband, Come to The Bell in Hand tonight and enter to win an all inclusive trip to Miami to see The Dolphins VS The Patriots on Dec. 15th!!!

It's country night and you won't want to miss out on a chance to win this amazing package.

Airfare, 3 nights stay, transfer and $500 spending money are all included!
See you there! 
#countrynight #newenglandpatriots, Come to the Bell in Hand tonight. Red Bull is giving away 2 tickets to the Toby Keith concert tonight for the Sept. 21st show at the Comcast Center!!! #redbull #tobykeith

Join us for Country Night with Dalton & The Sheriffs and enter to win! #countrynight, Join us for Country Night every Thursday night at The Bell in Hand with Dalton & The Sheriffs!

This Thursday 9/12 enter to win 2 tickets to the Toby Keith concert on 9/21!

Don't miss out! See you there!, Come watch the Patriots with us on the big screen! 
Bud Light will be here giving away ice cold beer, T-Shirts and two 
tickets to a future Patriots game!!! 

#newenglandpatriots #budlight, Join us at The Bell in Hand for #Sundayfunday !

Acoustic sounds from Josh Cramoy at 3:30

Live music from Triple Tantrum downstairs at 9:30
and DJ and dancing upstairs!

Check out our new late night menu.  Serving food tonight until 1AM!, What are you doing this Labor Day Weekend? Come to The Bell in Hand.  We have an amazing entertainment line up!!

Tonight!! Live country music from Dalton & The Sheriffs @ 9PM

Friday 8/30      9:30 Live music from Mugsy
                       DJ and dancing upstairs

Saturday 8/31  9:30 Live music from Big Party 
                       Entertainment                
                       DJ and dancing upstairs

Sunday 9/1     3:30 Acoustic sounds from Josh Cramoy 
                      9:30 Triple Tantrum
                      DJ and dancing upstairs

#bellinhand #labordayweekend, Where are you watching the live feed of the Red Bull cliff divers? We have all the action on our big screen!! Come by and enjoy a red bull and watch these amazing divers dive from the top of the ICA. #redbullcliffdiving, Last Week's winner for Zac Brown Tickets. Congrats Morgan!, Entertainment this weekend:

Thursday 8/15 - Country Night with Dalton & The Sheriffs @ 9pm 

Friday 8/16 - Big Party Orchrestra @ 10pm
DJ & Dancing 9:30 pm - 2nd floor

Saturday 8/17 - Midnight Goggles @ 10pm
DJ & dancing 9:30 pm - 2nd floor

Sunday 8/18 - Josh Cramoy acoustic from Fighting Friday @ 3pm, null, Join us for:
Tuesday Karaoke
Wednesday - Acoustic music - John Ridlon

Country Thursdays continue at the Bell in Hand. 
    Thursday,  7/11 Whisky Wild - 9PM
     Thursday 7/18 Krista Country Band - 9PM
     Thursday, 7/25 Dalton & Sheriffs - 9PM

Friday, 7/12 - Hypercane and DJ and dancing
Saturday, 7/13 -  Red 6 and DJ and dancing, Hey guys! Join us this week for some great music and 4th of July celebrations 

Wednesday night live music downstairs, Dj and dancing upstairs 

Thursday we have whiskey wild at 3 pm, then that night Greg Latrell downstairs and DJ and dancing upstairs !!, Hey friends! We are currently looking to expand our bar staff. If there are any bartenders out there looking for a good opportunity, apply today or email us at matt@bellinhand.com!, Thursday night is country night at the Bell and Dalton and the Sheriffs are killing it !!
Also, shout out to Corona!!!, Country Thursdays start this week- June 13- with Dalton and the Sheriffs!!!, Did I mention we'll be giving away Kenny Chesney tickets during our Country Night series.....! ! ! !, How's your Thursday night going ?  It's pretty awesome here!!!  

Don't forget starting this June through July country night comes to the Bell In Hand !!!!, Join us this Saturday from 5 to 6 with Carlsberg!, HEY GUYS!!! DON'T FORGET IT'S A LONG WEEKEND!!!!!!!!!!!

Thursday night we have Josh from Fighting Fridays!

Friday Night is SPIKE THE PUNCH downstairs, DJ upstairs!!!

Saturday we have Jimmy's Down, DJ upstairs!!!!!

Sunday we have Mugsy downstairs and DJ and dancing upstairs!!  

WE ARE INTRODUCING OUR LOBSTER MENU ALSO!! JOIN US FOR LUNCH, DINNER AND COCKTAILS!!!!!, Hey guys!! The Bell in Hand is looking for a good country band in Boston ! Any suggestions ??, Make sure you don't miss our Curious Traveler launch party tomorrow night 7 to 10 along with your chance to win a two night stay in Nantucket!!!, Don't miss next wednesday's Curious Traveler Shandy beer tasting at The Bell in Hand!!!  Enter to win a 2 night stay in Nantucket along with other prizes and give aways!!!!!, null, WITH SUMMER AROUND THE CORNER WE ARE NOW ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS FOR ALL POSITIONS! COME IN AND APPLY TODAY !!!, null, null, **ATTENTION ALL CRAFT BEER FANATICS**

If you could pick one craft beer to have at your favorite bar, what would it be???, Hey everyone! With the busy months approaching, the Bell in Hand is looking to expand our staff. If you or some one you know is a hard working bartender, waitress, security professional or bar back, then come apply today !, Hey everyone!!  With the busy months approaching the Bell in Hand is looking to expand our staff.  If you or anyone you know is a hard working, experienced bartender or waitress, then come submit an application today!, null, IS EVERYONE READY FOR ST. PATRICK'S DAY!?!?!?! Make sure to stop by the Bell in Hand Saturday and Sunday for Boston's best green beer, Bag pipers, Irish dancing and so much more!, KARAOKE FINALS TONIGHT !!! Make your way over to the Bell to see some amazing talent or sing your heart out! Cash prizes tonight for finalists, and as always the beer is cold!, KARAOKE FINALS TONIGHT !!! Make your way over to the Bell to see some amazing talent or sing your heart out! Cash prizes tonight for finalists, and as always the beer is cold!, null, null, HAPPY BIRTHDAY DR SUESS!!! Come by the BELL and cheers to him today!!!!, The FINALS for the Karaoke Contest are March 12th...... Don't forget to stop by this Tuesday for
Your chance to be party of this AWESOME SHOW!!!! Grand Proze $500, null, OUR WORK IS FINISHED WELL NEVER FINISHED BUT WE HAVE COMPLETED SOME PROJECT.....
All new craft selections and a new menu rolling out next
Week
And who could
Forget St PADDY's Day, I mean do what the doctor ordered and hey it's going to be a snow day too!!!!, It's NATIONAL MARGARITA DAY stop by the Bell and have one, We want to THANK ALLAGASH BREWING COMPANY AND EVERYONE WHO ATTENDED LAST NIGHT'S BEER DINNER AND WE LOOK FORWARD TO HOSTING ONE ONCE A MONTH, ATTN ACTORS: THE EVENT ON SUNDAY IS CANCELLED!!!!!! 
Through our investigation we Have decided to cancel, ATTN: All Actors BELL IN HAND 
is not Affliated with the casting call or organizers of this event merely hosting spot!!! We are doing our best to understand the event we will keep you posted on everything we find out, null, Hurry up and don't miss out on all the fun tomorrow night call now for beer dinner TIXS 617-227-2098 half price, AND ALLAGASH IS BRINGING A BEER IN WHICH YOU WILL BE THE ONLY ONE IN THE WORLD TO TRY, HURRY HURRY HURRY YOUR TIME IS RUNNING OUT TO PURCHASE BEER DINNER TICKETS AND THERE IS ONLY A FEW LEFT SO DONT DELAY AND CALL THE BELL RIGHT NOW 617-227-2098, Happy valentine's day from the Bell In Hand!!!! Mwaaaaa! Stop in for some LOVE POTION!!!, DON'T MISS OUT ON OUR FIRST BEER DINNER WITH ALLAGASH ONLY A FEW TICKETS LEFT!!! Call now before it's tooooooo late 
617-227-2098, GUESS WHO IS BACK????? Harpoon till 9 pm stop by and say HI........, TONIGHT STARTS WEEKLY CASH PRIZES FOR KARAOKE!!!!, Stop by and see us tonight..... It is warm, playoffs and new beers on tap, We are stoked to be putting this on!!!! Don't miss out tickets are running out fast!!!! Call the bell today and reserve your stop...... 617-227-2098, Hey everyone the date is out !!!!!!!! FEBRUARY 20th at 6:30 we will hold our firstever beer dinner with Allagash Brewing Company from Portland, ME 4 COURSE 5 BEER DINNER AND WE ARE SUPER EXCITED
 TICKETS ARE VERY LIMITED 
So email laurenvalley82@yahoo.com for all info or
 call 252-202-7637, Ok everyone here it is we are having a craft beer dinner with Alllagash Brewing Company ticket information and date will be announced tomorrow....... GET STOKED FOR ALL THE THINGS TO COME!!!!!!, Stay tuned announcing a super fun event in about an hour and limited tickets............, Happy New Year Everyone!!! We are looking forward to lots to come in 2013 come check out our craft beer additions and make sure you come to our craft beer happy
Hours on Friday starting soon!!!, CHECK THIS OUT KARAOKE FOR $$$$$ is on its way back!!!!!!, HEY EVERYONE HATE TO BREAK IT TO YOU BUT WE ARE SOLD OUT FOR NEW YEARS EVE!!!!
FROM THE BELL IN HAND FAMILY HAVE A SAFE AND HAPPY HOLIDAY......, DONT MISS OUT WE ARE ALMOST SOLD OUT!!!! Ring in 2013 with us at the BELL........
 Call Us today for a group discount 8+ in a party.... HURRY DON'T DELAY 
617-227-2098, DONT MISS OUT WE ARE ALMOST SOLD OUT!!!! Ring in 2013 with us at the BELL........
Call Us today for a group discount 8+ in a party.... HURRY DON'T DELAY 
617-227-2098, Celebrate New Years Eve at the Bell in Hand - $50.00 includes: 

(Get the discount this week only until 12/21 - Pay $25.00 for a ticket - first floor)

Access to First Floor Only

Doors open at 8:30PM

Party officially begins at 9:00 PM (must check in by 10PM)

DJ & Dancing

Champagne toast at midnight

Hot and cold appetizers from 9:00 - 10:30 PM

Free coat check

Must be 21+

Tickets are non refundable

Festive attire, FRIENDS OF BELL IN HAND SPECIAL: 50% off first floor only extended to you as our holiday gift!!!!! Hurry up and CALL US DIRECT 617-227-2098 use code: FOTB, Hurry Up friends of facebook and call us 617-227-2098 only 10 more days to book NYE TIXS WITH US FOR 50% off!!!! Ring in 2013 at the BELL 617-227-2098, OH MY GOSH WHERE HAS THE YEAR GONE? Well it is that time again to figure where to ring in 2013...... Well, we are making it easy we would like to extend 50% of NYE TICKETS if booked by 12/14/2012...... Please call 617-227-2098 or message us your number and amount of guests!, HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!! Don't forget to stop by and hang with us we open at 7pm!!! Live Music @ 9:30 and NO COVER :), HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE!!!! We are so thankful for each and everyone of our customers and when you are ready to sneak away from the Fam we are here for you!!!
OPENING AT 7pm TODAY, That's Right it is Tuesday Night!!! Karaoke at the Bell cash prizes come back in January so make sure to stop by and practice TONIGHT!!! Starts @9:30 SEE YOU THERE!!!, Gosh!!!! Are we exhausted what a fun party weekend at the Bell..... Harpoon, VHI and Pats Action!!! If you missed it bet you're sorry but don't worry lots of fun stuff in the works as Guestbartending for Charity starts every Thursday in December....... Karaoke for Cash Prizes comes in January..... Harpoon is headed back..... Plus, Coors Light is giving away tickets to Jason Aldean at Fenway December 14th......... Wow!!! That's only the beginning, The Bell In Hand wants to extend a huge thanks to the Gang at Harpoon Brewery what a blast with had with them Friday night and the release of their Brewmaster's Jesse's New coffee porter...... Stop by the Bell before it is gone!!!!!!!, null, null, null, Harpoon Party November 16th, We are so excited to have Harpoon join us for Friday HAPPY HOUR!!! Jesse their brewmaster has done it yet again and made a delicious porter..... Don't miss out on trying it!!!!! The Harpoon gang will be at the Bell This Friday from 6-9, Hi everbody......TGIF!!!!!!!  Come in today for the after work party starting at 6:00p.m. with DJ Paul....  Friday & Saturday night....live band downstairs with DJ and dancing upstairs, Check out Miguel's race car. Miguel's company, Veloz Media does all the video and photos for the Bell in Hand!, Hello everyone it's Thursday night.  For entertainment tonight we have DJ-P Spinning your favorite tunes.
Also a live Band.  The Best of both worlds!, Looking to plan a New Years party?! Why not host your party at the Bell in Hand? Call (617) 227-2098 to book an event today!, Come on in Tuesday night for karaoke and check out the brand new "Karaoke Book".........9:00p.m., null, It's Karaoke Tuesday at the Bell in Hand.....Come down and sing your favorite song!!!!, null, Karaoke tonite.....come on in and check out the new titles and artists......you choose.....you be the star!!!!!, SUNDAY FUNDAY!!!!! Come see Ali & Lauren, and try our new beer from Nantucket!!! Cisco Brewery's Grey Lady!, Hey....It's Saturday night and it's a long weekend...Come on in to see an awesome band Midnight Goggles downstairs and DJ "P" upstairs...come early to avoid the lines!!!, null, It's Tuesday............you know what that means, come and rock out to your favorite karaoke tune!!!!!  Don't forget Shipyard Pumpkin is in the house!!!!  See you here!!!, Friday afterwork party with DJ "P" starting at 6:00.....Friday night-DJ "P" rockin the upstairs with the greatest and latest hits...come and check out the new video by PSY "Gangnam Style" - Friday night downstairs featuring the live band "Jimmy's Down"........Don't forget us on Saturday!!!!  DJ "P" upstairs spinning your favorites, downstairs band featuring "Backstage Pass", "You be the star" Karaoke tonite!!!!  Fun starts at 9:00....see you here!!!!!, Great weekend to be in the Bell in Hand!!!   Friday-after work party.....Friday and Saturday night-Dj and dancing upstairs and don't forget our live band downstairs..... Come and see why we were voted "Best Faneuil Hall Bar", Hey everyone come on in tonite and sing your favorite karaoke tune, and while your at it, ask your bartender for a yummy Shipyard Pumpkinhead!!!!  See you there....., Tis the season.........Shipyard Pumpkinhead has arrived!!!!, null, TGIF......"EVERYBODIES WORKING FOR THE WEEKEND"  Stop in Friday for the "afterwork" party with DJ Tone @ 6:00....keep the excitment going by joining us for our live band downstairs and DJ and dancing upstairs!!!!  Saturday night........the fun never stops....Live band downstairs, Dj and dancing upstairs, HELLO FRIENDS!!!  It's tuesday night and that means Karaoke!!!! Swing by The Bell in Hand for some singing, a few drinks and a great time with your friends and ours!, The Bell In Hand is very proud of having such loyal fans!  For the 3rd year in a row you have voted us Boston A-List BEST Faneuil Hall Bar!! Thank you for your support!!  Our great customers are what make us best!, Vote for the Bell In Hand!  The Bell In Hand is proud to have so many loyal customers, in Boston, across the U.S., and around the world!   Please help us let everyone else know that the Bell In Hand is the place to be for fun, food, and friendly-atmosphere.  Being the oldest tavern in America takes centuries, voting for it takes minutes!  Thank you once again!, http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fsoc.li%2F8QJqsjf&h=1AQGAfgA9AQGy5rf7hkxa7EJwEbmuDb4ySS09296K6zU49A, Wooo hooo Happy Friday everyone! Come join us at the Bell In Hand tonight for drinks and fun! 6 Foot Sunday is rockin the stage downstairs and DJ/dancin will be bumpin upstairs!!! Come in before 11 and the covers only $5! TGIF!!!!:), Oh hello Saturday night! Mugsy is playing live and dj/dancing is upstairs here at the BELL IN HAND! Let's have some fun tonight:), null, Diezel rocking the house tonight, null, Dj P mixing upstairs tonight, Come down and try Jimmy's white sangria, null, Wooooo hooooo! Its Fridayyyyyyy! Come celebrate with some after work drinks, the Celts are playing game 4 tonight, and we have Diezel jammin downstairs while DJ and dancing is happening upstairs! Let's have some fun tonight!, Karaoke tonight!!! Bring a friend and do a duet!! Ahhhhh ohhhhhhh la la laaaaa:), YAY! The lobster menu is back at the Bell In Hand! Stop in for lunch today!!!! Our Bell In Hand Ale goes great with a classic lobster roll!:) See you there..., Oversix is playing tonight! (And DJ/dancing upstairs)! Come in before 9 to skip the line/cover charge! Sam summah sounds refreshing or a stoli raspberry and sprite hmmmmmm!, The weather is incredible in Boston. It's a perfect day for an ice cold drink in the open air at the Bell In Hand.  The windows are open and the beer is flowing. See you there!, D C Q rocked the B E L L last night.  More bands, more fun, tonight at the Bell!, TGIF! Come join us at the BELL IN HAND for some after work drinks:) or later on DCQ will be rockin out with American Idol finalist Luis Figueroa!!! Second floor has a dj and dancing! Whooop whoooop:)!!!, Happy Thirsty Thursday everybody!!! Come drink and dance with us!!! No cover charge!!!, Trivia starts at 7pm tonight at the Bell In Hand! 
Do you know the answer to this question? If you joined us last week, you would:)!!! 
Come play with Trivia Master Ryan and the rest of us tonight for some fun at Boston's only video trivia!:)
The kitchen is open til 10pm and the drinks are always super cold!:), La la laaaaaaalaaaahhhhh! Come show off your vocal cords at karaoke night at the BELL IN HAND!, Its a gorgeous Monday! Come grab some lunch at the BELL IN HAND and later tonight Tom Groleau will be playing! :), Happy Sunday Funday!!! Come into the BELL IN HAND for some drinks and yummy food! :) See you there!, Happy Cinco De Mayo!!! 
Come celebrate at Bell in Hand with some margaritas and bud light limes!  
KISS 108 will be jammin from 7PM to 9PM

Bud light lime is sending 2 lucky winners to KISS Concert 2012 on May 19th., Come watch the Celtics beat the Hawks tonight at the Bell! Beat the 9 o'clock cover charge! 
Jimmys Down is rocking the first floor and we have a dj and dancing on the second floor! Come play!, Hungry? Hop into the Bell In Hand for a bowl of our delicious homemade clam chowdah and fish n chips!!! The Sam Adams Boston Brick Red is a favorite on tap at lunch time!, MUGSYs playing tonight at the BELL! 
Come jam with us:)
Ladies- we've got your 24 oz IPA's and gents- how about a stoli rasp and sprite!!!!

Happy Thirsty Thursday!, null, Sick of this gross rainy weather? Come into the Bell tonight for some drinks and live music! Kitchens open til 10pm!

Laaaadies: we have Wachusett blueberry on tap:)
Gentlemen: ice cold IPAs!!!, Celebrate CINCO DE MAYO at Bell in Hand this Saturday with KISS 108 from 7PM to 9PM

Bud light lime is sending 2 lucky winners to the KISS Concert 2012 on May 19th.

Drink up and have fun!, Tonight at the Bell In Hand, it's Karaoke Tuesday!  Come be a part of the fun.  The Celtics and Red Sox are playing and we have TVs throughout the bar!  See you there!, Tonight at the Bell In Hand, we have Mugsy playing live downstairs. Upstairs, DJ P is playing all your favorite dance songs. See you there!, Tonight, don't miss Bell In Hand Tavern Trivia!!  Win prizes at Boston's only video trivia. Bring your friends. The fun starts at 7!

Also, the Bruins are at the Garden tonight for game 7 of the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals. Catch the action on our many flat screens. 

See you there!, It's Tuesday Night and that means 'Karaoke Tuesday' at the Bell In Hand.  Stop by and sing a song or just listen to the performers.  Not your scene?  Well, the Bell has another side with a full dinner-menu restaurant and an incredible selection of draft beers on our Irish Pub style bar.  The city is alive tonight with Celtics playing the Heat at 8pm. 
Come see why America's Oldest Tavern was voted Boston's Best Faneuil Hall Bar!   See you there!, Tonight at the Bell, live band downstairs and DJ P spinning the tunes upstairs.  Dancing on all levels!  The Bruins are on and the windows are open!  See you there!, Wednesday is Trivia Night at the Bell In Hand! Win great prizes!  The fun starts at 7PM! Bring your friends!, See you tonight at 7PM!, There is a lot going on in Boston this weekend. Head to the Bell In Hand to be a part of the action. The Red Sox prepare for their home opener tomorrow afternoon. This evening, the Bruins Playoff Game 1 is at the Garden. It's Marathon weekend and the Bell will be kicking it off with a live band downstairs and DJ & dancing upstairs. Don't miss the fun; Get here early!, It's a beautiful evening in the city and the windows are open. Stop in for dinner or a few drinks. You will want to stick around because it is Karaoke Tuesday tonight at the Bell In hand. Sing a song or watch the Red Sox continue their win streak on one of dozens of TVs.  Catch the red-hot Celtics as they play the Heat at 7.   See you there!, Another full week at the Bell In Hand!  Tuesday night is Karaoke Night at the Bell.  You are the star!  Sing or just enjoy, there is something for everyone.  Join us Wednesday for Boston's only video trivia.  Bring your friends; The fun starts at 8 o'clock!  Thursday, Friday and Saturday we have live bands downstairs and DJs upstairs!!  Come by and find out why we were voted Best Faneuil Hall Bar by Boston.com.  Not interested in the nightlife?  Check out our full-service restaurant in Boston's most historic tavern.  See you there!, A safe and happy holiday to you and your family,
from all of your friends at the Bell In Hand!, Tonight at the Bell In Hand, we have a live band downstairs and DJ P spinning the tunes upstairs. Get here early to avoid the line!, Tonight at the Bell, we have a live band downstairs and DJ & dancing upstairs!  Get here early!, Tonight and every Wednesday night, grab a team and join us for Bell In Hand Trivia.  Compete for prizes in the area's only video trivia. The fun starts at 8 so be sure to be here early!, Ten years ago today, Kymm and Sean met at the Bell In Hand and their lives were changed forever.  Or, as Kymm puts it "10 years ago today my husband met the woman of his dreams...what a lucky guy!! ;)"  The happy couple has since been married for almost five years.  Congratulations Kymm and Sean!, It's Tuesday, head down to the Bell In Hand to get you karaoke on!  Sing a tune or listen to the talent.  There is something for everyone!  See you there., It's a gorgeous night in the city and it's Karaoke Tuesday at the Bell In Hand.  Stop by to sing a song. Or enjoy something from our vast beer selection and delicious dinner menu in our open-air restaurant. See you there!, It's Thursday night and DJ P is spinning your favorite dance tunes upstairs.  Come find out why we were voted Best of Faneuil by Boston.com. There is NO cover charge on Thursday nights. See you there!, Head down to the Bell tonight. We have a live band downstairs and DJ upstairs. No cover charge., Answer: Bell In Hand Trivia. 
The question:  What are you doing tonight?

It's Wednesday night and the Bell In Hand is the place to be.  Stop in for free video trivia. Bring your friends and play to win great prizes.  We have your favorite sporting events on our many TVs.  Hungry?  We have a full dinner menu with a variety of fare to choose from. There's something for everyone at the Bell In Hand., null, Even a 4-alarm fire and blackouts in the city can't stop Karaoke Tuesday from happening at the Bell. We have power.  We have beer. We have karaoke. And we have fun. Get there before closing time and admission is free! See you there!, Head down to the Bell for Trivia Night!  Tonight, and every Wednesday night, the Bell has the Boston area's only video trivia!  Prizes, giveaways, great food and tasty cocktails!  The fun starts at 8pm!  See you there!, null, It's Karaoke Tuesday at the Bell. For a good time, make the Bell In Hand your Tuesday Night headquarters. Great food, great drink, great fun., null, Head to the Bell tonight to get your karaoke on!  The Bell In Hand is your Tuesday Karaoke Headquarters!, Tonight at the Bell we have Mugsy performing live downstairs.  Upstairs, DJ P will be spinning your favorite dance tunes all night long. Be sure to beat the line and get here early!, It's Tuesday!  So come down to the Bell for Karaoke Tuesday!, Come get UnValentine with us!, Dear loyal fans, 
Beginning next week, the Bell In Hand will have a slight dress code change. The upstairs will be hat-free beginning Feb-17th. Hats may still be worn downstairs but will be prohibited on the second floor.
We thank you for your cooperation and understanding,
Your Friends at the Bell, null, null, null, Bell In Hand Trivia Night is BACK!!  Wednesday at the Bell means Trivia!  The fun starts at 7pm.  Prizes and giveaways!  Get your team together and we'll see you tonight!, Tonight at the Bell, it's Karaoke Tuesday!  Come by for a pint and a song!  Catch the Bruins game on one of many TVs., null, Tonight at the Bell, we have Midnight Goggles playing live downstairs.  Upstairs, DJ Tone will be playing your favorite dance tunes.  Avoid the line and get here early!, Don't miss Hypercane playing live tonight at the Bell In Hand.  Upstairs, dance the night away with DJ P.  Get here early and avoid the line!, Bell In Hand Trivia starts up again next week!  Come by tonight and catch the action as the Celtics take on the Raptors!, It's another Karaoke Tuesday at the Bell!  See you there!, TONIGHT Bruins vs. Canadiens at the Garden!  Catch all the action on dozens of TVs. Going to the game?  The Bell is the perfect pregame location!  Stop in for drinks and a bite.  
The party goes all night with Jimmy's Down performing live. NO COVER.  See you there!, The Bell In Hand is your karaoke headquarters.  Head down for Karaoke Tuesdays!  Sing a song or sit back and listen to the talent. On the other side, grab a pint and a bite while listening to the music. Catch the Bruins game on one of several TVs throughout. See you there!, Another great week at the Bell In Hand has come to an end.  Thank you to our customers and thanks to Mugsy, Stereo Drive-By, DJ Paul and DJ Ton for their great performances.  The weekend continues Sunday with NFL Wildcard weekend action and more live entertainment.  See you there!, Question: What is happening on Wednesdays at the Bell starting January 18th? 
Answer: Trivia is back! 

So start getting your team together to be ready for fun and prizes. 

See you on the 18th!, It's 2012 and it's Tuesday, that means it's the first karaoke night of the New Year!  Come down and join the fun!  Sing a song or watch the excitement. Or, enjoy a beverage and listen to live music. There is something for everyone at the Bell!, The Bell In Hand would like to thank our loyal customers for a great 2011 and wish everyone a happy and healthy 2012., Friends of the Bell:  New Years Eve Party tickets have SOLD OUT. We look forward to partying into the New Year with you!, The Contest may have ended but the fun lives on!  Tuesday night at the Bell is still your place for Karaoke excitement. Every Tuesday, you are the star!, Thank you to everyone for making the Captain Morgan Karaoke Contest a fun success. Congratulations to the winners.

Fist place $500 winner:
Fredo A.
"Forget you" by Cee Lo Green

Second place $300 winner:
Christy L.
"You And I" by  Lady Gaga

Third place $100 winner:
Jack P.
"Drops of Jupiter" by Train, null, The Bell In Hand and Captain Morgan Second Annual Karaoke Contest Finals are tonight!
 
14 Finalists will compete for the (Grand prize $500.00)  (2nd place $300.00)  (3rd place $100.00)
 
Everyone is invited to attend this event!

Must Be 21 or older with proper ID  
No Cover Charge, null, null, null, Are you looking to host a New Year's Eve party? If so, call 617-227-2098 and ask for Debbie., We are open Thanksgiving night at 7pm.  Our kitchen will be open until 11. Enjoy live music with Greg Letrel., Tonight at the Bell we have Soundtrack to Monday playing live downstairs. Upstairs, DJ P is mixing your favorite dance tunes all night long., TONIGHT at the Bell In Hand, don't miss the Captain Morgan Karaoke Contest. It's happening Tuesday nights at 9pm. 

Weekly first place winners receive $50.00 and advance to the finals. Second place prize is a $25.00 Bell In Hand gift certificate. Third place is a cool prize from Captain Morgan.

 Finalists will compete on December 6th for the grand prize of $500.00. Second place: $300.00 and third place: $100.00. 

Come by and compete for great prizes or just enjoy the action with Captain Morgan., 'Tis the season to plan your Holiday Party!  Enjoy your holidays at America's Oldest Tavern.  Find out how you can have your event at Boston's most desired function space for free!  Call (617) 227-2098 for more information!  We can accommodate parties of all sizes.  Whether it's a 10 person fantasy football league gathering or a 200 person Christmas Party, the Bell is the place to be., TOMORROW NIGHT at the Bell In Hand, don't miss the Captain Morgan Karaoke Contest. It's happening Tuesday nights at 9pm. 

Weekly first place winners receive $50.00 and advance to the finals. Second place prize is a $25.00 Bell In Hand gift certificate. Third place is a cool prize from Captain Morgan.
 
Finalists will compete on December 6th for the grand prize of $500.00. Second place: $300.00 and third place: $100.00. 

Come by and compete for great prizes or just enjoy the action with Captain Morgan., Don't miss Midnight Goggles playing live at the Bell In Hand tonight. Upstairs we have DJ Tone spinning your favorite dance music., Head down to the Bell In Hand tonight. We have Big Party Orchestra playing live downstairs. Upstairs we have DJ P spinning your favorite tunes., Tonight at the Bell we have Mugsy playing live downstairs and DJ P spinning the dance tunes upstairs. Come on down to Boston's hottest Thursday night spot., Tonight at the Bell In Hand we have Spike The Punch playing live downstairs.  DJ P will be playing your favorite dance songs all night long., Dear Friends of the Bell!  Please take a minute to vote for the Bell In Hand in the 2011 Dig This Awards. There is no registration necessary and you need only vote under "Faneuil Hall". Vote Early, Vote Often!  Thanks!
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/embeddedform?formkey=dG5SSEdndktOUTk3dW5pdnhwdWNrY1E6MA, null, TONIGHT at the Bell In Hand, don't miss the Captain Morgan Karaoke Contest. It's happening Tuesday nights at 9pm.  
Weekly first place winners receive $50.00 and advance to the finals. Second place prize is a $25.00 Bell In Hand gift certificate.  Third place is a cool prize from Captain Morgan.
Finalists will compete on December 6th for the grand prize of $500.00. Second place: $300.00 and third place: $100.00.  
Come by and compete for great prizes or just enjoy the action with Captain Morgan., The Bell In Hand would like to thank its incredible customers for another great night in the books.  When the rest of the city was quiet from the weather, we were jam packed with a line of great people down the block. We appreciate your patience and your patronage.  We can say without a doubt that our fans made us the best Halloween Party in the city!! Thank you!, Winners of the costume contests., Tonight at the Bell In Hand we have Boston's best Halloween Party. Two floors, twice the fun. We have Midnight Goggles playing live downstairs. Upstairs, DJ Tone is spinning your favorite tunes., Sunday at the Bell!  Are you a Sinner or a Saint?, The HALLOWEEKEND continues at the Bell!!  Tonight and tomorrow, the Bell In Hand continues to be your Halloween Hot Spot!  Prizes for costumes both nights!, Captain Morgan would like to know: Got a little karaoke in you?!  Captain Morgan Karaoke Contest  at the Bell In Hand, Tuesday nights, 9pm.  
Weekly first place winners receive $50.00 and advance to the finals . Second place prize is a $25.00 Bell In Hand gift certificate.  Third place is a cool prize from Captain Morgan.
Finalists will compete on December 6th  for the grand prize of $500.00. Second place: $300.00 and third place: $100.00.  
Come by and compete for great prizes or just enjoy the action with Captain Morgan., null, Tonight we have Mugsy rocking the Bell In Hand downstairs. Upstairs, DJ P will keep you dancing all night long!  Avoid the line, get here early!, It's Thursday and the place to be is the Bell In Hand.  No cover charge tonight!  We have a live band downstairs and DJ upstairs.  The Bruins game is on. There is something for everyone!, Don't miss Hot Mess playing live tonight at the Bell In Hand!  Upstairs, DJ P will keep you dancing all night long.  Get here early!, Come find out why the Bell In Hand was voted the Best Faneuil Hall Bar. Thursday night at the Bell is the place to be! As always, live band downstairs and DJ & Dancing upstairs. Not into either of those scenes? Then, enjoy the restaurant and pub-style atmosphere on the other side of the Bell; perfect for gathering with friends or dining from our diverse menu. There is something for everyone at the Bell In Hand, all under one roof!, The Bell In Hand is your trivia headquarters every Wednesday. Come down and test your knowledge for a chance to win a $50 food gift certificate!, Come on down for Jimmys Down playing live at the Bell In Hand. Upstairs, DJ P will keep you dancing all night long., null, http://www.bostoneventguide.com/events/halloween.htm, TONIGHT and every Wednesday night grab your friends and test your knowledge at Trivia Wednesday's at the Bell In Hand Tavern!!!

Drink specials will be offered by Pisco Porton! If you win, they will take care of your check!!! (up to $50) One grand prize will be awarded after 8 weeks to the team with the most points accumulated. Hope to see you all there tonight!
 Register Now!!! , Trivia begins tonight at the Bell In Hand at 6PM.  Don't miss out!, FRIDAY night starts with Boston's most popular After Work Party. With a live band downstairs and DJ upstairs, The Bell continues to be the hottest night spot. The party continues SATURDAY with all of your favorite sporting events on dozens of TVs and projectors. Come by to watch college football and MLB, stay for Boston's voted-favorite Saturday Night Life. Get there early and sample our much acclaimed menu! Then dance the night away with great music upstairs and down!, There is a lot going on this week at the Bell In Hand!  TUESDAY night is Karaoke night!  You are the star! It's always a good time and a packed house.  WEDNESDAY night is Trivia Night!  Not just any trivia, the Bell has the only Video Trivia in Boston.  Get here by 6PM to take part in the fun.  THURSDAY nights are hopping!  Boston Brothers Promotions are in the house and it is absolutely the place to be!, null, null, null, null, The Bell In Hand is the place to be this holiday weekend.  DJ's and Bands on Friday, Saturday and Sunday night.  Avoid the lines and get here early!, Start the long weekend off right at the Bell In Hand. Tonight we have DSB playing live downstairs. Upstairs, DJ P will be playing your favorite dance music all night long., null, null, It's Karaoke Tuesday at the Bell. Get down here and flex your golden pipes!, Come enjoy the calm before the storm with a few hurricanes at the Bell!  Tonight, we have Boston-favorite Josh Logan Band playing live downstairs. Upstairs, DJ P will keep you dancing all night long., Tonight at the Bell we have Mugsy playing live downstairs and DJ P spinning your tunes upstairs. Come in and order a Hurricane drink!, null, null, The Bell has become Boston's favorite Thursday night hotspot!  You don't want to miss out.  Two floors, a live band downstairs, a DJ upstairs and 5 bars!  There is something for everyone., Tonight at the Bell In Hand we have Hypercane playing live downstairs. Upstairs, DJ P will keep you dancing all night long., Tonight at the Bell In Hand we have Jimmys Down playing live downstairs. Upstairs, DJ Tone will keep you dancing the night away., Done singing in the shower?  Come down to the Bell In Hand tonight for Karaoke Tuesdays! Live music on one side, you're the band on the other. As always, no cover., null, null, null, Tonight at the Bell In Hand we have DJs on both floors. 
2 DJs. More DJs, more fun!, Tonight we have BAILOUT playing live downstairs.  DJ P is spinning your favorite dance tunes upstairs. It's a beautiful night and the city is alive. Get here early and avoid the line!, Stop by the Bell In Hand tonight for Karaoke Tuesday. Get here early and be the first to sing Sweet Caroline!, Tonight at the Bell In Hand we have Sweep The Leg playing live downstairs and DJ Tone spinning the tunes upstairs. Get here early. Free cover before 9., Tonight at the Bell In Hand we have Boston favorite Jackson Weatherbee playing live downstairs. DJ P is spinning your favorite dance tunes upstairs. Get here early!, It's Thursday night, and once again the Bell In Hand is the place to be!  Live band and 3 bars on the first floor, DJ and two bars on the second floor!  Something for everyone., It's Karaoke Tuesday at the Bell. Come down and flex your golden pipes! On the other side, we have a live band.  Stop by for a bite and a pint and catch the Red Sox on our dozen flat screen tv's. Stick around for drinks and sounds in our open-air pub. See you there!, The Bell In Hand has the greatest customers in Boston and we love to show them off!  That's why we post hundreds of photos of every weekend.  We encourage you to tag yourself and your friends in our pictures and invite you to post your own pictures of your fun nights at the Bell., THANK YOU to our loyal customers for voting the Bell In Hand Tavern the 2011 Boston.com A-List Best Faneuil Hall Bar once again!  We are proud that you enjoy the Bell and are thankful for the repeat opportunities to serve you!  With some of the toughest competition in Boston, we are grateful that you named us #1. , null, null, null, Tonight at the Bell In Hand we have Friday Addiction playing live downstairs and DJ P spinning your favorite tunes upstairs., Stop in to the Bell In Hand to find out how you can win an afterwork party for you and all your coworkers and friends!, Tonight we have Spike The Pike playing live downstairs and DJ P spinning the tunes upstairs., null, null, Performing live at the Bell In Hand tonight is Boston's own Hypercane.  Upstairs at the Bell, DJ Tone will be spinning all your favorite dance music.  Get here early!, America's Oldest Tavern has Boston's coldest a/c! Beat the heat with dinner & drinks.  Order from our delicious summer lobster menu, enjoy one of our signature entrées, or try one of our new menu items such as fish tacos or buffalo chicken mac n' cheese.  Stick around for nightly live entertainment.  With five bars on two floors, live bands and DJs, and flat sceen tv's throughout, the Bell has something for everyone!, null, Tonight, Diezel Band will be rocking the Bell In Hand's first floor. Upstairs at the Bell, DJ P will be spinning the tunes that will keep you dancing all night long., Check out The Bell's Summer Lobster Menu!, null, Tonight we have Jimmys Down playing live downstairs. Upstairs, DJ P is spinning your favorite dance tunes., Tonight at the Bell we have Incadence playing live downstairs. Upstairs, DJ P will keep you dancing into the wee hours of the night!, null, The Bell In Hand welcomes our newest bartender, Clarissa! , null, Tuesday night means Karaoke at the Bell. See you there!, The Bell In Hand is available for private parties and offers some of the most unique, picturesque function space in the city!  We can accommodate parties from a small gathering to hundreds of guests!  Host your next event at America's Oldest Tavern.  Call 617-227-2098 for more details., null, Tonight we have Redline playing live downstairs and DJ P spinning your favorite dance tunes upstairs.  Get here early!, Tonight we have Hypercane playing live downstairs and DJ P spinning the tunes upstairs!, The Bell In Hand will open at 10am for the parade. Plenty of time to grab a few pints before the parade arrives. The Bell thanks and congratulates the Bruins for an incredible season and looks forward to seeing the sea of Black and Gold on our doorstep!, Tonight at the Bell In Hand we have Arctic Playground playing live downstairs and DJ Tone spinning the tunes upstairs., Midnight Goggles at the Bell In Hand 6/3/11, Get down here for the Bruins game!  We have the Josh Logan Band playing live downstairs.  Upstairs, we have DJ P spinning your favorite tunes., The Bell In Hand is your Bruins watching headquarters!  The last few games have been crazy!  Come join the fun.  Immediately after, we have Cherrie Bomb playing live downstairs and DJ Tone spinning the tunes upstairs!, Tonight at The Bell we have Midnight Googles playing live downstairs and DJ Tone spinning your favorite tunes upstairs., Bell Bartender Erin and Rene Rancourt, Rene Rancourt singing at The Bell, It's game day! Come to the Bell In Hand for the experience of a lifetime.  Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Finals with Rene Rancourt, DJ Dan McCarthy and Organist Ron Poster.  Come cheer on your Boston Bruins!  The Bruins may be in Vancouver but tonight at The Bell it's a Home Game!, Rene Rancourt will be singing the National Anthem at the Bell In Hand to start the party tomorrow night for the Bruins game.  DJ Dan McCarthy & Organist Ron Poster will be here to keep the party going!, The Bell Believes!, Stanley Cup Finals! Can't make it to Vancouver for Game 1? Here's the next best thing! On Wednesday, the Bell In Hand is hosting a 'home game experience'. Performing in-house during the game will be Rene Rancourt, Garden DJ Dan McCarthy & Organist Ron Poster giving you the experience of sitting rinkside for a home game. Our high-def giant screen projectors & dozens of flat-panel TVs will put you right in the action., Tonight we have Backstage Pass playing downstairs. If you like 80's music, you don't want to miss this show. The upstairs IS OPEN! DJ P will keep you dancing into the wee hours of the morning!  The windows are wide open and it couldn't be a better day to come in for dinner. Dinner and a show, DJ and dancing, all under one roof.  See you there!, Tonight we have Spike the Punch playing live downstairs and DJ P spinning the tunes upstairs.  Get here early for the Bruins game!, The world has not ended so we will still have live entertainment tonight. Mugsy is playing live downstairs and DJ P is spinning the tunes upstairs., Tonight we have Hypercane playing live downstair. Upstairs, DJ P will keep you dancing 'til the world ends., Don't miss our Cinco de Mayo party!  The fun starts when you get here!, Tonight we have Mugsy playing live downstairs. Upstairs, DJ P is spinning your favorite tunes and playing your favorite videos.  Come see our new 'crowd cam' and dance on the big screen!, Its Tuesday night at the Bell and that means Bruins and Karaoke. Come on down and join the party!, Tonight at The Bell we have Jimmys Down performing live downstairs.  Upstairs we have DJ Tone playing your favorite dance music all night long.  Get here early and watch the Bruins take on the Canadiens in game 5 of the split playoff series., Tonight we have Hypercane playing live downstairs. DJ Tone will be spinning your favorite tunes upstairs., Tonight we have Diezel playing live downstairs!  Upstairs, DJ P will keep you dancing all night long. Get here early., Get down to the Bell tonight for Tuesday Night Karaoke!, Come on down to the Bell In Hand tonight. We have Block Head playing downstairs and DJ Tone spinning the tunes upstairs., Tonight we have The Heavyweights playing downstairs and DJ P spinning the tunes upstairs!, Open Casting Call for Big Brother!
This Saturday (April 9th) at the Bell In Hand, Noon to 3pm. Looking for high energy personalities. $500,000 for 3 months. 
For more info: http://www.cbs.com/casting/index.php?show=2&0.2580122232842942, Tonight we have the Josh Logan band playing live downstairs. Upstairs, DJ P will keep the crowd dancing all night long. The fun starts when you get here!, FACEBOOK FRIENDS BONUS No cover before 11pm! Tonight only (Friday, April 1st), fans of the 'Bell In Hand Tavern' facebook page get in free before 11pm. To get in free, you MUST have a screen print of your wall showing this post. 21+ proper ID required. One screen print per person, so tell your friends!, Tonight we have crowd favorite Jackson Weaterbee playing live downstairs and DJ P spinning the tunes upstairs. Get here early!, Tonight we have Mugsy playing live downstairs and DJ P will keep you dancing the night away upstairs!  See you at the Bell!, Boston is still hopping for St Paddys weekend  Tonight we have Incadence playing live downstairs and DJ P spinning the tunes upstairs. Get here EARLY!, Tonight at the Bell In Hand we have Diezel playing live downstairs and DJ Ton spinning your favorite songs upstairs. Get here early!, Come raise a pint to St. Paddy's Day at the Bell In Hand. Entertainment all day and night. We have Diezel playing live and DJ P playing your favorite dance songs., The Bell will open at 10AM on St. Patrick's, with live entertainment all day. Come on down and get your Irish on!, Tonight at the Bell In Hand we have Hypercane playing live downstairs and DJ P playing your favorite dance music upstairs., Tonight we have Jimmy's Down playing live downstairs and DJ P spinning the tunes upstairs. Get here early!, Get here early tonight! We have Fighting Friday playing live downstairs.  DJ P will keep you dancing upstairs to the wee hours., Tonight we have Spike The Punch playing live downstairs and DJ P upstairs, playing the tunes that will keep you dancing all night long., Tonight we have local favorite Jimmy's Down playing live.  Come by for some great music and watch the Bruins on our many flat screens., It's Tuesday, so that means karaoke at the Bell! Come by and be a part of the fun!, Once again, the great fans of the Bell In Hand defy the weather to make it an incredible weekend.  Thank you to our customers for making The Bell the place to be.  Another fine performance by Jackson Weatherbee and, as always, DJ P and DJ Tone kept the place rockin'.   We couldn't ask for better patrons!  Look for more customer-loyalty deals coming soon!, Tonight we have Jackson Weatherbee performing live downstairs and DJ P spinning the tunes upstairs. Get here early!, Thanks to everyone that came out tonight and once again made the Bell In Hand the place to be. We will be having more Facebook Fan-only deals.  So stay tuned and be sure to recommend us to your friends!, Tonight we have double the DJs. DJ P will be playing your favorite dance tunes upstairs. DJ Tone will keep you dancing downstairs., Facebook Friends Bonus- No cover before 11pm!  Tonight only (Friday, February 25th), fans of the 'Bell In Hand Tavern' facebook page get in free before 11pm. To get in free, you MUST have a screen print of your wall showing this post. 21+ proper ID required. One screen print per person, tell your friends!, Downstairs tonight we have Sweep The Leg playing live and upstairs DJ P will have you dancing all night.  Get here early and avoid the line, Tonight we have Hypercane playing live downstairs and DJ P mixing your favorite tunes upstairs., Thank you to all of our incredible customers for another great week at the Bell in Hand!  You make it the place to be.  We appreciate your patience waiting in line while we comply with capacity regulations. Remember: get here before nine and don't wait in line!  And no cover before 9!, Tonight at the Bell, we are excited to have 'Backstage Pass' playing live downstairs.  Upstairs, we have DJ Tone playing the tunes that will keep you dancing all night long. Get here early!, Tonight we have the band Nimbus 9 playing downstairs. Upstairs, come get your dance while DJ P spins your favorite dance music., The Bell In Hand was the place to be this Super Bowl Sunday!  Thank you to all the customers for making The Bell the only bar in the area to fill to capacity!, Tonight we have 'Spike the Punch' playing downstairs and DJ P playing your favorite dance tunes upstairs., Tonight we have the band Mugsy playing downstairs and DJ P playing your favorite dance music upstairs., Tonight we have Weatherbee playing downstairs and Dj P upstairs. Get here early as it will be busy!, Did you know?  While the Bell In Hand is America's oldest tavern & voted Faneuil Hall's most popular night spot, it's also the most desired function space in the city.  If you are looking for a place to wow your guests, let us host your next function.  Whether it's a dozen people or a few hundred guests, we can accommodate parties of all sizes.  Come by and check out our catering menu.  Or call (617) 227-2098., null, null, The Bell filled up quick last night and with the popular band 'Mugsy' playing downstairs, DJ P upstairs, we expect more of the same tonight! Avoid the line and get here early!, Tonight we have the band Diezel playing downstairs. Upstairs DJ P is playing all your favorite dance tunes., http://www.drinkingmadeeasy.com/2010/12/drinking-made-easy-boston.html, Tonight at the Bell in Hand we have Boston's own Triple Tantrum playing live.  It's Sunday Funday on a long weekend!, Before there was Tom Brady, there was Paul Revere.  Come watch the Patriots take on the Jets and raise a pint to victory where the original Patriots did so many years ago.  Oh, but we have since added dozens of flat panel and giant screen televisions!  See you there!, Tonight we have Boston band 'The Heavyweights' playing downstairs and DJ P upstairs. Two floors of dancing under one roof., Sing the storm in with karaoke tonight at the Bell!, Stop by the Bell In Hand to enter your name to win a Superbowl party for you and your friends!, Tonight at the Bell-- live music with Greg Luttrell and special guest (From Cali), James Mckenna. Old school!, call now to book your holiday party or new years party, Tuesday means Karaoke at the Bell in Hand!!  Weekly cash prizes and a chance to move on to the finals, sponsored by Captain Morgan!!  Got a little Captain in you?, null, How can you not love our bartenders? ;) More photos from the film shoot coming soon!! Join us tonight! Live music, Dj and great bartenders!, Thanks to all the fans that showed up last night for the film shoot! It was a great time. More surprises coming soon. Have your friends 'Like' us! We need more fans!! Join us this weekend for music, bands, dj's and fun with great (and good looking) people! :), Stay tuned for our new TV commercial! New additions coming soon to our 
website, FB page and more. Make sure to tell your friends to 'like' us! 
Join us tonight for Karaoke night!, Wait, is it FRIDAY!?! Come joins us for some fun tonight, tomorrow night and all weekend long! Summer is almost here. Check our schedule of events. "Spike the Punch" tonight!!, POLL!! Whats your favorite thing about the Bell in Hand? Other than Karaoke nights tonight!!!, "Lobsterpalooza", Bell in Hand Schedule of Events, Here's our schedule for May!! Please join us for a very fun night:
5/13 - jimmy's down
5/14 - shoeless joe
5/15 - oversix
5.20 - hypercane
5/21 - for pete's sake
5.23 - jimmy's down
5/27 - never in vegas
5/ 28 - spike the punch
5/ 29th - call us for featured artist
5/30 - call us for featured artist, Tonight at the Bell In Hand Tavern we have the live band Mugsy performing downstairs and DJ Paul upstairs. As always, catch your favorite sporting events on one of the many high definition televisions. There's something for everyone!, Weekend is finally here!!! Come join us tonight for some fun! New menu 
items, drinks and more! GO RED SOX!, The Bell In Hand is excited to host the 'The UNregularRadio Comedy Show' this Wednesday. Truly an event not to be missed. Come celebrate Cinco de Mayo with comedy from the Boston area's best comedians and brightest stars. If that is not enough, the night starts off with an acoustic set by the South Shore's own Ian Cohen and features the stylings of DvDJ Dan Abraham. No Cover Charge! So get here early!See More, New site, new facebook, new twitter, NEW MEDIA! Photos, Videos, Contests, Discounts and much more this year! Pass it on! Become a fan of the Bell in Hand!!, KARAOKE FINALS TONIGHT!!! DONT MISS IT!!! Starts at 9PM, Shortcut us!! :) www.facebook.com/bellinhandtavern, Welcome to our new OFFICIAL page! We will be updating the page with menus, events, BinH facts and more!! Stay tuned!!, null, WELCOME! to the official Bell in Hand page! Thanks to all fans for following us on twitter! Yes, we are on twitter now! Look out for a new website, events, videos, menu and more!)