List(It's a Trillium Brewing Company kind of day. #CBCDeliveryDay, It's a great day to be a #BeerGeek. Anniversary Party starts at 8PM at Brewers Coalition. #CBCDeliveryDay, Come and join us for our Anniversary Party at Brewers Coalition tomorrow night featuring drafts from Grimm Artisanal Ales,  Singlecut Beersmiths, and many more!, Here's wishing everyone a Happy Easter Weekend!, Its's a #Trill #CBCDeliveryDay, The picture doesn't do it justice. #CBCDeliveryDay, Gotta love these new brews. Singlecut Beersmiths, Deciduous Brewing Company, and Banded Horn Brewing Co. in new. #CBCDeliveryDay, We love these local events! Thanks to Newton-Needham Chamber and Alex Jones Photography for the great pic!, Happy Birthday to Night Shift Brewing!, The Cellar List has been updated. Come in and take a look!, Loads of new brews in this afternoon, even some from Australia! (Nomad Brewing Co.) #CBCDeliveryDay, Happy Birthday, Craft Beer Cellar Plymouth!, Trillium Brewing Company Day. #CBCDeliveryDay, A multitude of awesomeness has come to us today from breweries the world over. Would recommend checking it out. #CBCDeliveryDay, null, Night Shift just got their very own canning line. Congratulations!, New IPAs, Strong Ales, and a special Weihenstephan USA 1516 Reinheitsgebot anniversary Kellerbier. #CBCDeliveryDay, It's a Trillium Brewing Company kind of day. #CBCDeliveryDay, It's a big beer kind of day. #CBCDeliveryDay, Spotted at Ipswich Ale Brewer's Table:, Some pics from our recent Jack's Abby Craft Lagers outing. Public tours start Sundays 2/28/16! #CBConTour, The Spencer Brewery will be here tonight from 5PM-7PM to taste their brand-new IPA!, Five happy owls in a row. Night Shift Brewing #CBCDeliveryDay, Boatloads of new beer floating in. Aeronaut Brewing Company Dr. Nandu IPA, Mystic Brewery Hermit Kingdom Rice Pale Ale, and Singlecut Beersmiths Does Anybody Remember Laughter? IPA, to name a few. #CBCDeliveryDay, Today, we got a sneak peek at Jack's Abby Craft Lagers' brewery. It's looking great and running smoothly! Public tours will start Sundays on February 28th. #CBConTour, For those of you curious about Jack's Abby Craft Lagers latest brew:, More Trillium Brewing Company back in stock. The Publick House IPA is especially fantastic., New brews. Check Lord Hobo Brewing Co, Night Shift Brewing, Jack's Abby Craft Lagers, Cambridge Brewing Company, and other awesome stuff., Don't miss out on the Two Roads Brewing Company/Taza Chocolate tasting today from 2PM-4PM!, Last chance to pre-order a bottle of Down the Road Brewery Welcome Respite Barleywine for tomorrow morning. 

If you were having trouble with the link earlier, we've sorted it out. More bottles are now available!, Some excellent stuff coming in today. #CBCDeliveryDay, The storm has caused us to close early., Thanks for the shout-out, Shannon!, We're open today for all your Big Game needs!, A beautiful start to a big weekend. #EBF2016 #Football, A shoveler's work is never done..., Tröegs Independent Brewing, Singlecut Beersmiths, Forbidden Root, all these other great breweries, AND Wicked Weed Brewing?! Welcome to Extreme Beer Week. #CBCDeliveryDay, Remember, we're closing at 9PM tonight!, We've got new hours! 

Starting Feb 1, our hours will be changing slightly. We'll now be open Mon.-Thur. 11AM-9PM, Fri.-Sat. 10AM-9PM, and Sunday Noon-6PM. Hope we see you soon!, Big Delivery Day today. We're welcoming Almanac Beer Co in along with new Samuel Adams, Captain Lawrence Brewing Company, and Two Roads Brewing Company. #CBCDeliveryDay, We're opening at Noon today!, Studied off-flavors earlier for the Cicerone Certification Program test tomorrow. Wish us luck!, Even more Trillium Brewing Company  in the coolers. #CBCDeliveryDay, Pumped to have Castle Island Brewing Co., Night Shift Brewing, Stillwater Artisanal, and many more in today. #CBCDeliveryDay, We'll be closing at 4PM today, so make sure to get your beer before halftime!, We'll be closing early tonight at 7:30PM due to inclement weather., Don't miss Element Brewing Company here 2pm-4pm!, Hey dudes and dudettes, Saturday 2/13 is your one-and-only chance to get your hands on the newest beer from local favorites Down the Road Brewery. "Welcome Respite" is a Bourbon Barrel-Aged Barleywine, and boy is it delicious. Bottles are available for pre-order only, and there are only twelve for sale, so you'll need to act fast.

PS - Your ticket gets you lots of other goodies, too!, Glad to have you back, Trillium Brewing Company. #CBCDeliveryDay, We'd like to take a moment and thank Dogfish Head Beer for distracting the Machines with beer and preventing the robot apocalypse., So excited to have new beers from Green Flash Brewing Co., Stone Brewing Co., Sixpoint, Mystic Brewery, Night Shift Brewing, and more. #CBCDeliveryDay, Kelsey killing it in the Chef's Table Series:, New Artifact Cider Project and Revolution Brewing. #CBCDeliveryDay, Somebody's a big #hops fan., Mystery solved., If you like big beer, today is your day. Mystic Brewery Entropy and Saucony Creek Brewing Company X Reserve are in with Tröegs Independent Brewing Solid Sender and Night Shift Brewing Whirlpool offering some light alternatives. #CBCDeliveryDay, Did you know our Style of the Month is Black Lager? 

You did? Well, that's because you're awesome. We'll leave this here to let everybody else know. Just in case., Great to see The Spencer Brewery keeping pace with a new Imperial Stout! Word is, there's an IPA in the works as well. Nothing concrete yet, but keep an eye out. #CBCDeliveryDay, We're trying not to freak out right now. New Singlecut Beersmiths, Captain Lawrence Brewing Company, Wormtown Brewery, Sierra Nevada Brewery, Founders Brewing Co., and more. Damn. #CBCDeliveryDay, Congrats to Somerville Brewing - Slumbrew on the new cans! #CBCDeliveryDay, New Year's hours. Plan for a good time!, New Year's hours: Thursday 12/31 10AM-8PM, Friday 1/1 12PM-8PM. New beers, too. Cheers! #CBCDeliveryDay, Check out Riverwalk Brewing, Mystic Brewery, Omnipollo, and others in new this week. #CBCDeliveryDay, What do you think of our new Two Roads Brewing Company sign?, Happy Holidays! We'll be open 10am-6pm tomorrow, closed on Friday, and opening at noon on Saturday. Cheers!, Super Stout time! Idle Hands Brewing Vigorish, Off Color Brewing Dino Smores, and Smuttynose Brewing Co.Rocky Road are in, along with  Singlecut Beersmiths 2xTNT, Revolution Brewing Bean Gene, and many others. #CBCDeliveryDay, Big beer news, people. Aeronaut Brewing Company and more Alpine Beer Company are now available, along with Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Peppermint Victory at Sea, The Bruery 8 Maids Milk Stout and Humulus, and many others. #CBCDeliveryDay, Know anyone looking to get into homebrewing? You can give them an early boost with Beer Making Kits from Brooklyn Brew Shop. Easy 1-Gallon kits and simple instructions make for a great first batch. #CBCDeliveryDay, We're sprucing up for the holidays: New glassware, books, and barware a-plenty, plus whatever else you might need for the beer geek in your life., Some awesome larger bottles coming in today: Singlecut Beersmiths DARL IPA, Element Brewing Company Citronium, and Logsdon Farmhouse Ales, LLC. Far West Vlaming and Peche'n Brett. #CBCDeliveryDay, Even more heavy hitters dining in today. Stone Brewing Co./Sierra Nevada NXS IPA, Founders Brewing Company Project Pam Black IPA, Riverwalk Brewing Tripper's Tripel, and Cape Ann Brewing Bald Seagull are in new, along with metaphorical buckets of other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, It's been a big beer kind of day. Samuel Adams Rebel Raw, Foolproof Brewing Company Revery Stout, Grey Sail Brewing of Rhode Island Captain's Daughter DIPA, Otter Creek Brewing/Lawson's Finest Liquids Double or Nothing Barleywine, Rising Tide Brewing Company Calcutta Cutter DIPA, and Captain Lawrence Brewing Company Frost Monster Stout are all in new, along with several other gargantuan brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, Happy Hanukkah!, New hoppy, sour, and Belgian offerings from Berkley Beer Company, Brewmaster Jack, Shmaltz Brewing Company, Boon, and Overshores Brewing Co., respectively. #CBCDeliveryDay, A belated "Happy Repeal Day" to all you beer geeks out there!, Time to get educated!, So... much... beer... Not that we're complaining. Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project, Night Shift Brewing, and Allagash Brewing Company beers are in, along with a heaping helping of other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, All pre-ordered Advent Boxes are available for pick-up! #CBCAdventBox, New glassware rolling in for #SmallBizSaturday., Happy Black Friday! To celebrate, Maine Beer Company Lunch IPA and Allagash Brewing Company Tiarna will both be made available for purchase. Limit one per person. Maine Lunch IPA available only with the purchase of another Maine Beer Co. product. #Cheers!, Due to limited availability, we'll be raffling off the chance to buy a bottle of 2015 Goose Island Bourbon County Stout in-store. Stop by and drop a ticket before 10pm tonight to be entered. #CBCDeliveryDay, Craft Beer Cellar is closed for Thanksgiving. We'll reopen Friday at 10am. Happy Holiday!, A limited number of Advent Boxes are ready for pick-up today. If you placed your order before 11/15/15, your case is now good-to-go. #CBCAdventBox, We'll be closing at 8pm tonight for tomorrow's holiday. Hoppy Thanksgiving!, We're sad to hear today that local brewers and friends Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project will be closing. We wish Dan and Martha the best of luck on the road ahead., Loads of new beer coming in during a very busy week. Check out new Idle Hands Brewing, Riverwalk Brewing, Backlash Beer Co., Mystic Brewery, Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project, and way, way more in store right now. #CBCDeliveryDay, Last chance to order an Advent Box for 2015! Pick yours up before December 1st. #CBCAdventBox, A lucky thing to see on Friday the 13th., Night Shift Brewing triple play. #CBCDeliveryDay, Come out to CBC Newton and check out the new brews that came in today. Citizen Cider is back, and Harpoon Brewery Tall Boys, Mystic Brewery Spectral Evidence and Chelsea Commons, and Smuttynose Brewing Co. Big A DIPA are in, along with several other brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, Looking for a great gift for the beer geek in your life? The #CBCAdventBox is back and available for 2015. Order yours online and get a call when it's ready for pick-up later this month., Henniker Brewing Company King Misanthrope Stout and Working Man's Porter, Stone Brewing Co. Sorry Not Sorry IPA, and Revival Brewing Company beers are in, along with several other existentially fulfilling brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, Whoa. Maui Brewing Company, Stoneface Brewing Co., Dogfish Head Beer, Alpine Brewery, and Alesmith Brewing Company are in, along with literal tons of other new brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, Down the Road Brewery Undine DIPA, the Ithaca Beer Co. Box of Hops, Lagunitas Brewing Co Born Yesterday, and Schneider Weisse Aventinus 2009 are in. #CBCDeliveryDay, You don't want to miss these..., Pre-orders for 2015 CBC Advent Boxes are now live! Twenty-four wrapped and numbered mystery beers make for a great gift or a fun way to enjoy the holidays yourself. There are a limited number available for pickup later this month, so act quickly! #CBCAdventBox, Happy Halloween! Thanks to Ryan and Rebecca for the spooky window paintings.

We'll be open until 9PM tonight. Swing by for a treat!, Urban Farm Fermentory Dry Cidah makes a triumphant return, with Singlecut Beersmiths, Finback Brewery, Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits, and Anderson Valley Brewing Company also in new. #CBCDeliveryDay, The new brews just keep coming. Night Shift Brewing Santilli IPA and Whirlpool, Jack's Abby Brewing Red Lashes IPL, and Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project East Kent Saison are in, along with bathtubs worth of other great beer. #CBCDeliveryDay, Ever wanted to get in on the big bad world of Boston Craft Beer? Now's your chance: We're currently looking for new Staff Beer Geeks to join our team. Applicants must have a developed knowledge of craft beer and a burning desire to learn even more. If that sounds like you, click the Beer Geek below!, A little something for everyone today. Element Brewing Company Gluten Free Plasma IPA and Tachyon IPA, Notch Brewing Black Lager (Černé Pivo), Captain Lawrence Brewing Company Golden Delicious, and Narragansett Beer Reanimator are in, along with armfuls of other new brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, Another jam-packed weekend coming up for tastings. Thursday is Kwaktoberfest, where we'll be sampling Kwak Belgian Ale and offering specials on cool Kwak swag. Henniker Brewing Company is here Friday to parade their wares, then Homestead Hard Cider is here on Saturday to taste their delicious, unfiltered apple concoctions. Cheers!, Maine Beer Company Lunch IPA and Mean Old Tom Stout, Clown Shoes Beer Flight of the Angry Beast, and Abita Brewing Company Bad Mother Shucker Oyster Stout are in, along with loads of other exceptional beverages. #CBCDeliveryDay, New brews are in. 21st Amendment Brewery Toaster Pastry IPA, Coronado Brewing Company Scallywag Barleywine, and Foolproof Brewing Company King of the Yahd DIPA are here, along with several other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, Literal tons of new beer coming in today. Night Shift Brewing Santilli IPA, Tröegs Independent Brewing Master of Pumpkins and Tröegenator, and Sixpoint Sensi Harvest 2015 are in, along with lots of other great brews (especially imports!). #CBCDeliveryDay, Hey Beer Geeks! Come grab your beers on this beautiful Monday holiday! We are in until 8pm!, Got your tickets? #WZLXCraftBeer, Tons of new beers in today. Lord Hobo Brewing Co Steal This Can IPA, Omnipollo, Against The Grain Brewery, and Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project St. Botolph's Town Brown are in, along with loads of other great brews. And don't forget, Modern Times Beer special release at 6pm tonight! #CBCDeliveryDay, Get a sneak peek of this weekend's WZLX Craft Beer Experience 7PM tonight at Stoddard's Fine Food & Ale:, Got your tickets? #WZLXCraftBeer, [SPOILER ALERT] Modern Times Beer special release 6pm tomorrow night (10/7). #CBCDeliveryDay, null, Awesome Stone Brewing Co. Enjoy By AND Enjoy After, Narragansett Beer Allie's Donuts Double Chocolate Porter, Anderson Valley Brewing Company Blood Orange Gose, and tons of other great brews are in today. What hurricane? #CBCDeliveryDay, Deliberately unbelievable tastings happening this week. First, Transmitter Brewing is in from NY to show us a thing or two about Belgian Ales. Next, new Stormalong swings by with both a classic and distinctly modern take on cider. Lastly, Samuel Adams will be in to taste their top-tier Barrel Room Collection ales. It's going to be a fun weekend., New  Harpoon Brewery/ Deschutes Brewery EHOP, Night Shift Brewing Ever Weisse and Morph, and Transmitter Brewing S8 are in, along with tons of other great brews. Don't let the rain stop you, some of these will go fast. #CBCDeliveryDay, Several thousand breweries have opened since we got started. Where will the industry go from here?, Great list of breweries lined up for this fest. Which ones are you most looking forward to?, Today marks six months in Newtonville!, It's official., Brooklyn Brewery is here tonight with Intensified Coffee Porter, and there's more to come:, null, Excited to welcome Modern Times Beer to the WZLX Craft Beer Experience this October in downtown Boston!, Huge day for new beer. Jack's Abby Brewing TrIPL, Riverwalk Brewing Farm to Kettle, and Clown Shoes Beer Breakfast Exorcism are in, along with tons of other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, Went to visit Row 34 over the weekend. If you are anywhere near South Boston, you need to check it out. Also, Trillium Brewing Company is just around the corner. Pretty much the perfect 1-2 lunch punch. #CBConTour, Time is running out to get tickets for this October's Craft Beer Experience. Breweries from all over the area (and some you won't usually see) will be in attendance. See you there!, What if your coaster was also your bottle opener? Help a local beer geek with a great idea!, Oktoberfest, the world's largest fair, starts today. While we can't all go to Munich, there's plenty of ways to enjoy it close to home. Time to eat pretzels and drink Lager!, Deliciously hoppy deliveries today. Night Shift Brewing Whirlpool and Santilli, Singlecut Beersmiths 2xTNT IIPA, and Kelsen Brewing Company Battle Axe IPA are in, along with tons of other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, Local brewers weigh in on hazy beers and how they should be identified:, Welcome, Overshores Brewing Co. and 603 Brewery, and all the other great beers in today. #CBCDeliveryDay, It's a hoppy kind of day. #CBCDeliveryDay, null, So excited to see everyone getting ready for the game! Go Pats!, It's raining beer!  Smuttlabs Oktoberfest and Cherry Short Weisse, Idle Hands Craft Ales Triplication, and Tröegs Independent Brewing Jo-Vi-Al Dubbel are in, along with tons of other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, New Dark Horse Brewing Co. Scary Jesus Rockstar Pale Ale and Scotty Karate Scotch Ale are in, along with Lakefront Brewery Pumpkin Lager. #CBCDeliveryDay, New Otter Creek Brewing Couch Surfer Oatmeal Stout, Night Shift Brewing Whirlpool Pale and Santilli IPA, and Paulaner Oktoberfest Wiesn have arrived. #CBCDeliveryDay, null, New (for us) Kona Brewing Company, Paulaner, Hofbrauhaus Of America, and Spatenbräu in today. Get your German on. #CBCDeliveryDay, Today is a good day to love beer. Cambridge Brewing Company/Kissmeyer Beer & Brewing/Brasserie de la Senne Hay is for Horses Nordic Pale Ale, Prairie Artisan Ales Prairie Gold and Brett C., and Cisco Brewers Nantucket Pumple Drumkin are in, along with several other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, Today's the day... Pumpkin and Fall beers are now available at Craft Beer Cellar. Cheers to Fall!

We've been holding off on stocking these beers until September for several years now, and we appreciate our customers' and partners' support in maintaining this policy.

We'll be sharing more on each of these beers, so follow up for more in the coming weeks. #CBCDeliveryDay, So great to see a familiar face from Newton Centre! We're just down the street, but, sometimes, it feels so far. Thank you, Jonathan, for visiting, and thanks to everyone else who continues to support us at our new location! #madluv, Look alive, people! White Birch Brewing Passion Fruit IPA, Kent Falls Brewing Farmer's Table, and Relic Brewing Co The Huntress Double IPA are in new. #CBCDeliveryDay, You have GOT to check these out. Riverwalk Brewing Admiral's Lil Ella Pale Ale, Allagash Brewing Company Hugh Malone IPA, and Smuttynose Brewing Co. Smuttlabs Kung Fu Hobo Kölsch are in along with tons of other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, As Summer comes to a close, we prepare to welcome more intense beers into our rotation. How do these Session IPAs stack up?, Sample and compare Boulevard Brewing Company, Hidden Cove Brewing Company, and Coronado Brewing Company IPAs tonight starting at 5pm., Some serious brews in today. Champion Brewing Company Stickin' In My IPA, Oskar Blues Brewery IPA, and Riverwalk Brewing Uncle Bob's Bitter are in, along with several other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, Guess that Brew Contest
 
The first commenter to correctly guess the identity of the in-stock beer from the clue below will receive a $5 Craft Beer Cellar Newton gift card. Good luck!
 
"I'm a canned Session IPA from Colorado, but I'm not from Longmont. Who am I?", CBC Co-Founder Suzanne has some tips on Sours for The Boston Globe:, Some awesome coffee beers in stock right now. Come in and ask Graham which he thinks are the best., Having a busy #CBCDeliveryDay today. Ipswich Ale Brewery Hop Harvest, Mystic Brewery Freak Scene Gruit Ale, and Mikkeller/Hill Farmstead Brewery Wheat is the New Hops are in, along with tons of other great brews., Early-Bird tickets to Craft Beer Cellar's WZLX Craft Beer Experience will only be available until this Sunday!, Guess that Brew Contest

The first commenter to correctly guess the identity of the in-stock beer from the clue below will receive a $5 Craft Beer Cellar Newton gift card. Good luck!

"I'm an IPA from Colorado brewed with oranges. Who am I?", Enjoy some fantastic Mead at our House Bear Brewing tasting now until 4pm!, Happy #IPADay, Boston! So many Hops, so little time., Tons of The Bruery and Urban Chestnut Brewing Co in, along with Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project , Mystic Brewery, Lakefront Brewery , and lots  of other great beers. #CBCDeliveryDay, New White Birch Brewing, Avery Brewing Company, and Somerville Brewing - Slumbrew in, along. With several other great brews (and coasters!). #CBcDeliveryDay, Check out Sünner and Firestone Walker Brewing Co. here this weekend, Friday 5pm-7pm and Saturday 1pm-3pm, respectively., Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Calm Before the Storm Coffee Cream Ale; Enlightenment Ales Titania, Verdance, Things are Beautiful, and Transcendence; and Jack's Abby Brewing Fire in the Ham Rauchbier are in, along with tons of other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, Guess that Brew Contest

The first commenter to correctly guess the identity of the in-stock beer from the clue below will receive a $5 Craft Beer Cellar Newton gift card. Good luck!

"I'm a Coffee beer from New York, but I'm not a Stout. Who am I?", Sign up now to be a part of the first Craft Beer Cellar fest this Columbus Day weekend in Boston, MA., Get your local beer on! This weekend, Notch Brewing and Ipswich Ale Brewery are in. #drinklocal, Are cans or bottles better for beer?

Join us tomorrow at 5pm and see if you can decide. We're hosting a blind tasting of both cans and bottles. Results will be tallied and good times will be had., Guess that Brew Contest

The first commenter to correctly guess the identity of the in-stock beer from the clue below will receive 100 points toward their Craft Beer Cellar Newton loyalty program. Good luck!

"I'm a popular West-Coast Double Wheat IPA from California that only got made because my brewery was low on space. Who am I?", The first ever Craft Beer Cellar fest is now official. 40+ breweries in attendance over two days. Ticket sales are live starting now., Night Shift Brewing Trifecta, Transmitter Brewing F1 and S9, Brewmaster Jack BA PrinSIPia Quad, and Element Brewing Company Anitmatter Black Ale and Plasma Sake IPA are in, along with tons of other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, We've get Saint Arnoldus Day, Portico Brewing Company, and a Wine and Sake Tasting this weekend. Swing in to check them out., Lord Hobo Brewing Co Boom Sauce IPA, Champlain Orchards McIntosh & Maple Cider, and Victory Beer/Dogfish Head Beer/Stone Brewing Co. Saison du Buff are in, along with several other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, Join us this Thursday, July 16th, at 5pm for a Belgian-themed tasting inspired by the patron saint of brewers, Saint Arnold. In the 1000s, he encouraged townsfolk to drink sanitary beer instead of groundwater. Smart man., Brewmaster Jack is here today 1pm-3pm., New Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project American Darling Lager, Backlash Beer Co. Overthrow DIPA, and Green Flash Brewing Co. six-packs are in, along with several other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, New The Shed Brewery Profanity Ale, Avery Brewing Company Samael's, and Stone Brewing Co. W00ts Stout are in, along with several other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, July's CBC Style of the Month is... Cans?! 
 
We're eschewing tradition this month to bring you a heaping bunch of crushable brews in environmentally-friendly, protective packaging. Look for our recommendations in-store and learn how cans are helping to protect your beer., Thank you, WBZ | CBS Boston, for ranking us one of Boston's best spots for craft beer!, Happy 4th of July Weekend! We've got some special hours the next two days:

Friday 7/3: 10am-9pm
Saturday 7/4: 10am-9pm, What could be more American than Liberty and... Mangoes? 
 
We've got Anchor Brewing Company and Clown Shoes Beer here this Thursday and Friday, respectively, to show us how they do American Craft Beer. Both tastings run from 5pm-7pm, so hurry here after work to catch them. #CBCTonight, Some awesome new stuff in today. Cape Ann Brewing Reserve Sour Stout, Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project Fringe Ale Ale, and White Birch Brewing Fruited Berliner Weisses are in, along with many, many others. #CBCDeliveryDay

Yes, Magic Hat Brewing Company is now available!, Guess that Brew Contest
 
The first commenter to correctly guess the identity of the in-stock beer from the clue below will receive 10% off a future Craft Beer Cellar Newton purchase of their choosing. Good luck!
 
"I'm a Bourbon-Barrel-Aged Tripel from Maryland. Who am I?", Have to appreciate the ingenuity here. Very clever!, Far From The Tree Craft Hard Cider, Saranac, and Riverwalk Brewing will be here this weekend tasting their ciders, new IPA, and new bottles beers, respectively., It's 5pm, and Proclamation Ale Company is now in stock! #CBCDeliveryDay, Lots of old favorites coming back today. Keep an eye out for a special announcement at 5pm. #CBCDeliveryDay
 
Descriptions in comments., Good news for Idle Hands Craft Ales/Enlightenment Ales fans..., The "New" Tags are making a comeback. Look for these bad boys on the shelves when searching for new products in the store. #CBCDeliveryDay, Happy Fathers' Day, all!, A customer came in today looking for a wheat beer for his dad, a competitive sailor. How'd we do?, Dads like Beer. Craft Beer Cellar Gift Cards help you to get Beer. Therefore, Dads like Craft Beer Cellar Gift Cards. #Math, Full line-up of tastings this weekend. Banner Beer Company, Oskar Blues Brewery, and Mayflower Brewing Company will be sampling. Cheers!, Brews on Brews. Details in the descriptions. #CBCDeliveryDay, Some sad news for local beer today... Idle Hands Craft Ales/Enlightenment Ales will be vacating their Everett brewery at the end of the month as part of a town-wide effort to make room for the new casino. If you're a fan of their brews (we know we are), please, remember to show your support over the next several weeks. We've included a link to their FAQs below., A little beer history to supplement your day..., Some Beer Geeks ran the Mayflower Brewing Company Half Marathon this morning. Cheers on a good race, guys! #CBConTour, Brew Dog has confirmed plans for a new brewery in Columbus, Ohio:, We're tasting Wachusett Brewing Company tonight and Saucony Creek Brewing Company later this weekend. Cheers!, It's been awesome to see more and more women getting in to craft beer!, Good news for fans of Night Shift Brewing today..., Lots of new local and domestic options today. #CBCDeliveryDay, Early week #cbcdeliveryday is here!  Small amounts of Night Shift Brewing Morph, Santilli, and The 87 are back in stock! One 4pk per person limits on Morph and Santilli. 1 bottle per person limit on the 87., Happy Belated Birthday our friends at Craft Beer Cellar Nashua! Love hitting these guys up on the way to/from NH., Teaser Warning!

Soon, you'll be able to shop online, view inventory in real-time, and order online for pick-up., Newton's own Down the Road Brewery is here tasting from 2pm-4pm. #CBCTonight, Nananananananana Bantam!!! Bantam Cider tasting goes from now to 7pm. Down the Road Brewery is here tomorrow 2pm-4pm., New 12oz+ Bottles. #CBCDeliveryDay, It's been a BIG Delivery Day. Allagash Brewing Company Victoria, Speakeasy Ales & Lagers Prohibition and Big Daddy, Evil Twin Brewing James Beer, and Hanssens Artisanal Kriek are in new in large-format bottles. #CBCDeliveryDay, Want to have premium craft beer delivered to your home or office? Hit us up!, Cheers to all the geeks and brewers attending #ACBF2015 this weekend! Enjoy the fest, and look for your favorites afterwards., Local bombers and new cans/bottles are in. #CBCDeliveryDay, Lots of new beer coming in for #ACBF2015. Details are in the captions. #CBCDeliveryDay, A special shipment of Fiddlehead Brewing Company Second Fiddle IPA will arrive at Craft Beer Cellar Newton today at 5pm. It's on-site sales only, so make sure you get here as soon as you can!, Craft Beer Cellar Newton will be closed today, Monday May 25th, for Memorial Day., Wachusett/Freshops Special: Get a free Freshops Chinook Hop Rhizome with the purchase of any 12 Wachusett Brewing Company beers., Just got a fresh shipment from New York. Singlecut Beersmiths Soulbender IPA and Transmitter Brewing Saison and Golden Ale. #CBCDeliveryDay, Fiddlehead Brewing Company Second Fiddle is inbound. Estimated arrival is 5/26/15 at 5pm. More info to come!, Had some big deliveries today. Select Tired Hands Brewing Company, Omnipollo, and 7th Sun Brewery beers came in. More in the descriptions. #CBCDeliveryDay, We've received a limited amount of Allagash Brewing Company Mattina Rossa. Single bottles will be available today only, one per person, no holds. Thanks!, May's Style of the Month is Wheat, and, this week, we're highlighting Les Trois Mousquetaires microbrasseurs Gose. This German-style Sour is brewed with salt and coriander and is best enjoyed cold on a hot day. #CBCSotM, Check out our new recommendation at Brewers Coalition, Weihenstephan USA Hefe! And don't feel weird about grabbing a six-pack on the way home., Ain't no party like a Harpoon Brewery party because a Harpoon Brewery party is also a 5 mile run. #harpoon5miler, Two Roads Brewing Company is here until 4pm!, Berkshire Brewing Company will be here today from 5pm-7pm tasting their awesome local brews. #CBCTonight, Graham loves the herbal balance of Baxter Brewing Co. Summer Swelter. What's your favorite Wheat Beer? #CBCSotM, A bunch of new IPAs and Sours arrived today, along with some other goodies!

12oz:
-Left Hand Brewing Company Introvert Session IPA
-North Coast Brewing Company Old Stock 2015
-Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Habanero Sculpin IPA
-Dolle Bos Keun
-1809 Berliner Weisse

22oz+:
-Victory Beer Sour Monkey Tripel
-Heavy Seas Beer Blackbeard's Breakfast Porter
-Avery Brewing Company Raspberry Sour
-Uinta Brewing Birthday Suit Plum Sour
-DAB Dortmunder

#CBCDeliveryDay, Local Down the Road Brewery will be here tomorrow 4:30pm-7pm for a tasting of their Pale Ale and German Kolsch. Get ready, people!, Super local delivery today:

-Night Shift Brewing Belafonte Saison
-Newburyport Brewing Co. Melt Away Session IPA
-Brewmaster Jack Simcoe IPA
-Foley Brothers Brewing Native IPA
-Grimm Artisanal Ales Rainbow in Curved Air Sour Saison
-Sprecher Hard Root Beer
-Bantam Cider The Americain Spiced Cider

#CBCDeliveryDay, Don't forget, Beer Geeks, it's Mothers' Day!!! You couldn't enjoy beer if not for her, so do your best to make sure she has a special day., Berkshire Brewing Company will be here tasting 5/15 from 5pm-7pm. Brewmaster Jack is here today until 4pm!, Quite a few awesome picks today:

-Anderson Valley Brewing Company Kimmie Gose
-William's Dragon's Breath Ginger Cider
-Clown Shoes Beer Breakfast Exorcism Stout
-Henniker Brewing Company Gentleman Farmer Saison
-Night Shift Brewing 87DIPA, Whirlpool Pale, and Morph IPA

#CBCDeliveryDay, Did you know?!...
In addition to our awesome #craftbeer selection: We also do CO2 swaps, kegs, corporate accounts, deliveries, and wine!, It's Happy Hour! ...at Starbucks. Luckily, Craft Beer Cellar cases are always 10% off., Tons of awesome stuff coming in today. Brewmaster Jack Total Eclipse Porter, Rising Tide Brewing Company Gose, Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Grunion Pale Ale, and Left Hand Brewing Company Good Juju are in, along with many more. Check the full lists in each picture. #CBCDeliveryDay, Coffee Beer-Off: Who ya got?, Cinco de Mayo Beer and Burrito tasting with Los Amigos - Newtonville starts at 5pm! And don't forget, save 10% on your Los Amigos purchase with a Craft Beer Cellar receipt, today only. #CincodeMayo, Come celebrate Cinco de Mayo with us and Los Amigos - Newtonville tomorrow 5pm-7pm with a beer and taco tasting. 

Plus, save 10% on your Cinco de Mayo Craft Beer Cellar purchase with a Los Amigos receipt!, May the 4th be with you. #StarWars, A helpful guide to our Style of the Month put together by our fellow Beer Geeks at Craft Beer Cellar Belmont., May's Style of the Month is Wheat Beers, and, this week, we're highlighting the lesser-known brother of a German classic. 
Weihenstephan USA Kristall Weissbier is a filtered wheat beer with a clean finish that promises an enjoyable Wheat beer experience. Brewed by the world's oldest brewery, it puts well with acidic foods and sauces., We've got the fine beers of Atwater Brewery and wine of Westport Rivers Vineyard & Winery here this weekend. #CBCTonight, Got a chance to stop by Craft Beer Cellar Nashua this weekend. Recommend swinging in if you're headed to/from NH this summer. #CBConTour, Epic #CBCDeliveryDay today. New cans from Heavy Seas Beer and White Birch Brewing, a new sour beer from Weyerbacher Brewing, a coffee Strong Ale from Ommegang, and many more interesting brews., Check out the latest Craft Beer Cellar on Tour video, featuring Allagash Brewing Company, Jack's Abby Brewing, and Damnation Alley Distillery. #CBConTour, Today is King's Day! La Trappe Trappist tasting is on!, Visiting Portland, ME this summer? Don't miss Craft Beer Cellar Portland, located conveniently on Commercial Street!, You thought it was gone... Think again. #CBCDeliveryDay Stone Brewing Co., Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project and Coronado Brewing Company are here for tastings today and tomorrow, respectively., New Brewmaster Jack Jan Pils, Cape Ann Brewing Dead Eye DIPA, Cambridge Brewing Company Remain in Light Pils, and many more new beers are in today. #CBCDeliveryDay, Win tickets to this Wine Riot THIS weekend!  We'd love to see ya there..., Make a visit to our friends at Slumbrew... they'd be excited to see you in their new brewery!  Take a sneak peak, now:, This cutie is spending the day with us ! :), Pro Tip: The Newtonville Parking Lot (not Shaw's) is walking distance from the course., Some sweet raffles going on today! There's still time to enter for your chance to purchase one of these bottles for the 3pm drawing. Drawings every 30 minutes until 6pm!, Today's Grand Opening event is running now until 6pm. Tastings, raffles, and 50% off an App at Brewers Coalition with a CBC receipt. Cheers!, Thanks to everyone who made the first day of our Grand Opening so awesome! Tastings, raffles, and Brewers Coalition went great. Day two starts at 1pm tomorrow. http://bit.ly/1ysp5bq, The Grand Opening starts now. Raffle starts at 1pm. Be there or be [  ]. #CBCEvolution, Here's where the beer is!, Our Grand Opening starts tomorrow at 1pm. Swing in for tastings, games, and, of course, our rare beer raffle! #CBCEvolution, April's Style of the Month is Saisons and, this week, we're highlighting new Spring Belle from Boulevard Brewing Company. Hopped and brewed with rose petals, chamomile, and elderflower, this ale is a departure from the norm, but don't hold that against it. Herbal and citrusy, it pairs well with creamy dishes. Would definitely recommend for this week's great weather. #CBCSotM, Want to get your hands on some Allagash Brewing Company Farm-to-Face? Swing by our Grand Opening this weekend! #CBCEvolution, Looking to get your hands on your very own bottle of Brasserie Cantillon? Our Grand Opening this weekend could be your chance! #CBCEvolution, New bottles for the day. Night Shift Brewing Belafonte, Foolproof Brewing Company King of the Yahd DIPA, The Spencer Brewery (New Tall Bottles), Cambridge Brewing Company Morning Dew, and more. What are you looking for? #CBCDeliveryDay, Beer of the Month for April 2015 is ready for pick-up at our new address, 14 Austin Street in Newtonville. (Link for the uninitiated)

If your subscription included March, 2015, you will not receive an order for that month. Instead, an free month will be added at the end of your subscription. We apologize for any inconvenience., Missed out on Firestone Walker Brewing Company Parabola? Get a second chance this weekend at our Grand Opening. #CBCEvolution, null, Happy to announce that limited quantities of Saucony Creek Brewing Company Hop Suplex , Schnickelfritz Stout, Kutztown Lager, and Stonefly IPA are available at Craft Beer Cellar Newton. #CBCDeliveryDay, New Shmaltz Brewing Company TIPA, Port Brewing / The Lost abbey, Stone Brewing Co. Brown, and Clown Shoes Beer Space Cake. #CBCDeliveryDay

Grand Opening is April 18 and 19!, Attention, Beer Geeks! After a successful soft open this past March, we are now excited and ready to host out Grand Opening!

April 18 & 19
1pm-6pm (both days)

Rare Beer Raffles, Beer Tastings, Meal Deals, and More!

Eventbrite: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/craft-beer-cellar-newton-grand-opening-weekend-tickets-16538405817

Full Schedule: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1En8tXVCQ2y_8OWKpDC5bL_VpwK1eC5QzEkPslSxLAr8/pubhtml, April's Style of the Month is Saisons, and, this week, we're highlighting Foolproof Brewing Company's La Ferme Urbaine. 

Dry and spicy, this Imperial Saison is brewed with rye and German hops. Pairs well with sharp cheddar or white fish. If you're in to Belgian or wheat beers, this is definitely worth checking out. #CBCSotM, Looking to work in beer?  We're looking for fun & responsible beer geeks!, CBC Newton is Hiring - 2015, Quite a few interesting new beers this week. #CBCDeliveryDay

Stay tuned for more info on the Grand Opening!, This spicy little fishy is on the shelf. Find him before he swims away... Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits, Happy #NationalBeerDay! How are you celebrating?, Open today! 12-6, New Small Town Brewery Root Beer, Weyerbacher Brewing, Rising Tide Brewing Company Spinnaker Wheat, Stone Brewing Co. Delicious IPA (GF), and Foley Brothers Brewing. #CBCDeliveryDay, The Brewers Association recently released their top 50 breweries of 2014. What do you think of the results?, Founders Brewing Company #KBS has landed. To make availability as fair as possible, we will hold the release until this Saturday, April 4th, at 10am. One bottle per person. See you there., Tastings are back on at CBC Newtonville. Gearing up for the Grand Opening on the 18th. #CBCEvolution, Some cool stuff from BeerAdvocate Extreme Beer Fest came in this week, as well as Grimm Artisanal Ales, Otter Creek Brewing, White Birch Brewing, and many more. #CBCDeliveryDay

Founders Brewing Company KBS is in and will be released this Saturday, April 4, 2015, at 10am. First come, first serve. One bottle per person., null, Some of the new beers to come in since the soft open. #CBCDeliveryDay, A reminder that the CBC/Slumbrew Free Beer School starts tomorrow!, Thanks to Google Maps for this custom street map, in case anyone is wondering exactly where "14 Austin Street" is., Thanks to Boston Magazine for this article highlighting our opening!, Thank you to our wonderful customers for making today's soft open so fantastic.

14 Austin Street
Newtonville, MA, The soft open is a go; we are now, effectively, open. #CBCEvolution

14 Austin Street
Newtonville, MA

Mon-Sat: 10-10
Sun: 12-6, Still on track to open today at 3pm. Stay tuned for updates. #CBCEvolution

14 Austin Street
Newtonville, MA, Guys, this is it. We're hoping to be open by 3pm tomorrow. Stay tuned for any updates or setbacks, and keep your fingers crossed. #CBCEvolution

New Location:
14 Austin Street
Newtonville, MA, Making great progress building the new space. Construction continues, and we're not open yet, but we're very close to opening soon. #CBCEvolution, Congratulations to Beer Geek Brett of Craft Beer Cellar Belmont on his first commercial recipe! Look for Idle Hands Craft Ales Iron Garde at your local watering hole., Another day of moving. Newtonville opening soon! #CBCEvolution, Looking a little more like a CBC. Newtonville opening soon. #CBCEvolution, Moved some shelving and did some painting today. Newtonville opening soon! #CBCEvolution, Went out to visit Night Shift Brewing. Great times. Be sure to check out their third anniversary party later this month. #CBConTour, Went to visit Craft Beer Cellar Plymouth for their grand opening last Saturday. So excited to welcome them to the family!, Thanks to everyone who came out to Brewers Coalition on Wednesday for Night Out! Our new location will be in Newtonville, and we plan to open as soon as possible. We're still under construction, and an opening date will be announced once the space is ready for us to move in., Let us bring St. Patrick's Day to you!, Can we? Yes, we can! Downeast Cider House Unoriginal Blend, Sixpoint Brewery Abigale Belgian, and Firestone Walker Brewing Company East and Union Jacks are in. #CBCDeliveryDay, We'll be at Brewers Coalition tomorrow at 8pm to answer questions about the move and meet some of the beer geeks of Newtonville. Hope we see some of you there!, These 7 Boston startups have brought craft beer into their workspace. What can we do for your business?, We'll be at Brewers Coalition this Wednesday, March 11, to answer questions about the move and enjoy some fantastic, special brews with our fellow beer geeks. Hope we see many of you there!, You might know by now that Stone Brewing Co. is discontinuing their current Pale Ale. But never fear! They've released the scaled-down recipe for brewing 5 gallon batches. Maybe a trip out to Boston Homebrew Supply or Modern Homebrew Emporium is in order?, We hit the trail hard this weekend with a bunch of deliveries and two private events. Hi to Samuel Adams, Lagunitas Brewing Co, Downeast Cider House, Mayflower Brewing Company, Harpoon Brewery, and Clown Shoes Beer, who also attended one event with us. These past two months have been fun, and we can't wait to open our new space and continue doing stuff like this. More updates to come, soon!, Rogue Ales Stiracha Stout, Sierra Nevada Brewing Company Barrel-Aged Bigfoot Barleywine, and Tröegs Brewing Company Cultivator Bock are in, along with these other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, Got to tag along and brew with Idle Hands Craft Ales today! It was great hanging out with them. #CBConTour, Stopped by Causeway Boston on the way to the Beanpot. Great food and, of course, great beer. #CBConTour, Beer of the Month is still going! Samplers are being delivered while we're on the move. http://adobe.ly/10t2s5X, Got a visit from David Walker of Firestone Walker Brewing Co. last night! #starstruck, Stone Brewing Co. Enjoy By Pi, Port Brewing / The Lost abbey Track #10 and Serpent Stouts, Cascade Brewing Blueberry, and Sierra Nevada Brewing Company Hop Hunter IPA are in. #CBCDeliveryDay, Some big news from Trillium., Hope everyone is making the best of the snow! New Holland Brewing Company Night Tripper Imperial Stout, Heavy Seas Beer Siren Noire Chocolate BA Stout, Sierra Nevada Brewing Company Nooner Pilsner, and Smuttynose Brewing Co. Really Old Brown Dog are in. #CBCDeliveryDay, Be the master of your own destiny. Get great craft beer, kegs, cider, or wine delivered right to your door, with no delivery fee., Light and hoppy or dark and sweet? Baxter Brewing Co. Ceremony Session IPA, Otter Creek Brewing Citra Mantra Lager, and Foolproof Brewing Company Shuckolate Chocolate Oyster Stout are all in. #CBCDeliveryDay, Team Meeting at Lord Hobo last night. Very productive!, It's that time of the week again, people! Tröegs Brewing Company 'Nugget Nectar' IIPA, Cambridge Brewing Company 'Flower Child' IPA, Abita Beer 'Macchiato' Milk Stout are in, along with several other great brews. 

We're trying a new format so that you can see each product in all its glory. Let us know if you want to keep seeing #CBCDeliveryDay like this.

Delivery: http://adobe.ly/1ycNdhH, Happy Groundhog Day! #CBCDeliveryDay, Are you ready for some FOOTBALL?!?!

Seriously, though., Some Sad News: Stone Brewing Co. 'Levitation' Amber Ale will be discontinued after this February with 'Sublimely Self-Righteous' following close behind and a new 'Enjoy By Black IPA' taking its place. They're great beers, but there just isn't enough demand to justify producing them. Let us know if we can help you get ahold of any., There's talk that cardboard bottles will become the new green alternative to glass and cans. What do you think about drinking beer from one of these?, Got some help shoveling out the car today. Should be back on the road for deliveries in no time!, Snowmen always drink local. Berkshire Brewing Company, at the moment., As the move continues and deliveries go out, we're going over our inventory and thinking about the future. What would you like to see represented in the new store?, GREAT beer coming through the door today. Sixpoint Brewery 'Beast Mode' Porter and 'Hi-Res' IIIPA, The Brooklyn Brewery Sorachi Ace 4pks, Boulder Beer Co. 'Scourge of the Dude' Barleywine, Allagash Brewing Company Midnight Brett Ale, and a bunch of other awesome brews are now available. 

Order for Delivery: http://adobe.ly/1ycNdhH

#CBCDeliveryDay, What's your take on this newest batch of Night Shift Brewing Morph IPA? #CBCDeliveryDay, We promised not to be closed a second longer than we have to be! We'll announce the new location as soon as it's ready.

Delivery is still available: http://adobe.ly/1ycNdhH, Looking for something specific? Shoot us a message and let us know how we can help you!, Delivery Day took a week off, but it's back now and with some heavy-hitters to boot. Jack's Abby Brewing Hopstitution "Oil" IPA, Maine Beer Company Lil One, Saranac High Peaks IIPA and Saison, and Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Grapefruit Sculpin IPA and Dorado DIPA are in, along with several other awesome brews.

We'll deliver anywhere in Boston, just give us a shout at 617-383-9274 or newton@craftbeercellar.com

#CBCDeliveryDay, Thanks to the magic of the internet, you can now order beer from Craft Beer Cellar Newton online! What can we get for you?, Just in case you haven't heard, our retail space is closed this January while we relocate to a new space in Newton. But don't worry about missing out on great beer; Delivery and Beer of the Month will continue throughout the move! Call us at 617-383-9274 or email newton@craftbeercellar.com and let us know how we can help you.

We'll announce the new location as soon as we're ready to move in in February. #CBCEvolution, How does a box of beer delivered straight to your door sound? #CBCEvolution, Days 5 and 6 have been busy! We moved the last of the heavy furniture and office equipment.

We'll continue delivering beer and running private events throughout the month, so don't hesitant to reach out to us. 617-383-9274 -or- newton@craftbeercellar.com

Keep following for more updates, and we'll see you soon! #CBCEvolution, Day 4 of the move. The cooler came out today. You can see our true colors. #CBCEvolution

News: http://bit.ly/14aJzHM, Looking for great craft beer during our move? We'll bring it right to your door! Browse our full selection on our website. Then, just call or email us with your choices. 

Our Beers: http://www.craftbeercellar.com/newton/beers.php, Day 3 of the move is done. All product is in storage and ready for home delivery. Next come displays! #CBCevolution

News: http://bit.ly/14aJzHM, Day 2 of the move is wrapping up. Almost all product is moved into storage. We're getting close! #CBCEvolution

News: http://bit.ly/14aJzHM, Day 1 of our move is complete! East coast has moved to storage, and the cooler is being disassembled. #CBCEvolution

News: http://bit.ly/14aJzHM, Deliveries are still available! Let us know how we can make your New Year shine!

Our retail location at 1243 Centre Street is now closed. We'll be opening our new location (close by!) in early February. Happy New Year!, null, 10% Off all Beer and Wine and 15% Off Glassware until close at 8pm today.

Night Shift Brewing 'Mainer Weisse' Cinnamon Blueberry Sour is in. The last #CBCDeliveryDay 'til we reopen in February! http://craftbeercellar.com/newton/news.php, All Beer and Wine is 10% Off today and tomorrow. 15% Off Glassware. Happy New Year!, null, Craft Beer Cellar Newton will be relocating to a new retail space in 2015. Deliveries, Beer of the Month, and Private Events will continue throughout the move. Thank you, everyone, for your support. We can't wait to open back up in February!, null, Some gifts are too good not to share...

We'll be open today (12/24) from 10am-6pm and will be closed tomorrow (12/25) for Christmas. We will re-open Friday (12/26) at 12pm. Happy Holidays!, Thought we were done with Tastings this weekend? No chance! Mayflower Brewing Company is here on Sunday, Wachusett Brewing Company Monday (with a new Milk Stout), and The Spencer Brewery Premium Trappist Ale on Tuesday. See you there!, Three Tastings lined up this weekend: Wine on Friday, House Bear Brewing Mead on Saturday, and Mayflower Brewing Company on Sunday., Dude... SO much new beer. FiftyFifty Brewing Company Stouts, Finch's Beer Company 'Nuclear Winter' Belgian Ale, Abita Beer Grapefruit IPA, and Green Flash Brewing Co. 'Palate Wrecker' DIPA are all in, along with over 40 great new brews. #CBCDeliveryDay

And don't miss our Wine and House Bear Brewing tastings this Friday (5pm) and Saturday (2pm), respectively., Let there be light!, Only three days until Hanukkah!, Wow. What a weekend we have planned. Dogfish Head Beer and Japan's Kiuchi Brewery will be here!, UPDATE: Trillium Brewing Company has released a statement regarding their closure.

For those who may not be aware, Trillium has been closed for over two weeks now. According to founder JC, this is due to their 2014 license never having been processed. A reopening has not yet been announced.

One thing we know for sure, we can't wait to see more Trillium beer!, It's a dark beer kind of day. Peak Organic Brewing Mocha, Samichlaus Bier, Dogfish Head Beer Raison D'Extra, Long Trail Brewing Triple Bag, The Brooklyn Brewery Black Ops, and Green Flash Brewing Co. DIPA are all in, along with tons of other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay

Don't miss Dogfish and Kiuchi Brewery here this Friday (5pm) and Saturday (1pm), respectively., These two came in looking to make some holiday Advent cases of their own. Think they missed anything?, We're excited to be a part of the Newton Centre Arts Stroll & Shop this Sunday! Stop by 12-6 to check out pop up displays presented by Newton Open Studios and the Newton Arts Association. 

http://www.artsstrollandshop.com/newton-centre-schedule/, DRAFT Magazine recently released their 'Top 25 of 2014' list, and we've got 4 of their picks in stock right now! Congrats to The Spencer Brewery, Mikkeller/Hill Farmstead Brewery for 'Wheat is the New Hops' IPA, Wild Beer Co. for'Evolver' IPA, and Anderson Valley Brewing Company for their Gose.

Congrats as well to the breweries whose beers we carry but are out of season/unavailable: Maine Beer Company, Night Shift Brewing, Stone Brewing Co., Firestone Walker Brewing Co., Uinta Brewing, and New Holland Brewing Company!

Lastly, congrats to all the winners we don't carry! It's been a great year for beer.

Do you think there was anything Draft missed/overlooked?, Belgian Christmas and Samuel Adams this weekend. Cheers!, Delivery Day has arrived, on-schedule. Wormtown Brewery 'Sweet Tats' Coffee Stout, Downeast Cider House Winter, and Anchor Brewing Company 'Zymaster' are in, along with tons of other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay, For those who may not be aware, our friends at Trillium Brewing Company have been closed for almost a week now. While we can't be sure why, we do know that we can't wait to get back down to 369 Congress Street and get more of their delicious beer the second they're back open. Steady business is the best way we as a community can show our support, so we encourage you all to do the same!, One of our Beer Geeks recently got a chance to check out the new Craft Beer Cellar Warwick. Welcome to the family! Any Bostonian beer geeks traveling through the area should make a point of stopping by., It's Small Business Saturday, so we're highlighting some of our favorite local places to check out:

Inna's Kitchen - A great Kosher deli
Comedor - The new Chilean restaurant on Union St.
Sandwich Works - Great food, good people
Bloomsbury Park Flowers - Awesome local business, A new customer came in asking us to pick some stouts for her fiancé... We may have gone a tad overboard., It'll be an NY weekend here with Shmaltz Brewing Company and Saranac tasting some of their upstate brews., Happy Thanksgiving! Just a reminder that we'll be closed today in observance of the holiday. See you Friday., Delivery Day has come one day early this week. Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project 'Cutie Pie' DIPA, Backlash Beer Co. 'Vandal' DIPA, and Cambridge Brewing Company 'You Enjoy My Stout' Bourbon Imp Stout are in, along with many other great brews. #CBCDeliveryDay

Don't miss Peak Organic Brewing, Shmaltz Brewing Company, and Saranac here for tastings this Wednesday (2pm), Friday (4pm), and Saturday (2pm), respectively., Only a few days left to grab your Craft Beer Cellar Advent Case. Twenty-four different, individually-wrapped brews make for a great gift., Wine and Tröegs Brewing Company this weekend. Maybe even a little Mad Elf? We'll see..., Baby, it's cold outside. Luckily, we've got plenty of new beers for staying occupied. Lagunitas Brewing Co Brown Shugga, Night Shift Brewing Morph IPA, Cape Ann Brewing Deadeye DIPA, and Anderson Valley Brewing Company Blood Orange Gose are all in, along with over 28 other great beers and wines. #CBCDeliveryDay

And don't miss our Wine and Tröegs Brewing Company tastings this Friday (4pm) and Saturday (2pm), respectively., Night Shift Brewing Morph IPA should arrive in-store in the next few days. Check back for more. Same-day holds will be available., Cheers to everyone who came out to celebrate our first year with us last night. We hope you had as much fun visiting as we did hosting you!, Two new brews have been added to the tasting list for this Sunday's Anniversary Party: Wormtown Brewery Be Hoppy IPA and Trillium Brewing Company Fort Point Pale Ale. This is gonna be good., Hopster's and Uinta Brewing will be here this weekend. Sounds good to us. #bostonevents, Woah. This #CBCDeliveryDay takes the cake. Check out Mystic Brewery's 'Three Cranes' Cran Saison and 'Spectral Evidence' Imp Stout, Tröegs Brewing Company's 'Blizzard of Hops' IPA, Victory Beer's 'Vine to Victory' Hop Harvest Ale, Stone Brewing Co.'s Choc Orange Porter, and all the other 24 awesome brews that came in today.

Speaking of cake, it's our Birthday this Sunday. http://bit.ly/1sbg8t6, null, We're turning 1, so we're throwing the biggest, baddest, rare-beer-tastingest party we could think of. Tickets are limited, so we highly recommend signing up early. We can't wait to see everyone there, and thank you in advance to all of our customers for making this year so fantastic!, So much beer we needed two pictures! This #CBCDeliveryDay has been insane. Grey Sail Brewing of Rhode Island Captain's Daughter DIPA, Clown Shoes Beer Extremely Angry Beast Imp Stout, Jack's Abby Brewing Kiwi Rising DIPL, Founders Brewing Company Backwoods Bastard, and Two Roads Brewing Company Route of All Evil Black Ale are all in, along with many, MANY more. Check it out. 

And don't miss Bad Martha Farmer's Brewery here for a tasting this Saturday at 1pm!, She's a beaut, Trillium Brewing Company. #CBCDeliveryDay, Craft Beer Advent Calendars are Back!

Last year, Craft Beer Cellar introduced the Advent Box, a case of 24 individually-wrapped beers, to be opened each day starting in December. Now, the Advent Box is back and better than ever, and you can reserve yours from the comfort of your own home!, Jack's Abby Brewing will be here Saturday at 2pm for a tasting. Friday's Halloween, so enjoy!, BEER GEEK ALERT!  Guess what?  Today is our 1 year anniversary!!  #tbt to what the store looked like a year ago.  Thank you to everyone that has helped along the way.  We're so grateful for awesome customers and awesome friends! 

TODAY, starting at 5:15pm.  We are releasing Founders Harvest.  ALSO these aged beers: 1-yr aged Port Santa's Little Helper, 1-yr aged Ommegang Three Philosphers, 1-yr aged Bruery 6 Geese-a-Laying, 1-yr aged Lost Abbey Serpent Stout, 1-yr aged Mikkeller Santas Little Helper, 1-yr aged Evil twin Imp Biscotti Break Bourbon Barrel Aged, 1-yr aged Slumbrew Yankee Swap, 1-yr aged Backwoods Bastard, 1-yr aged Stone Double Bastard, 1-yr aged Founders Imperial Stout, 1-yr aged Clown Shoes Vampire Slayer.  Available with purchase of any other beer from same brewery. (show the love!) 1pp in totality, no holds, ask at counter.

Join our 1-year anniversary & customer appreciation party on Sunday Nov 16, it will be in TRUE CBC fashion.  It tree be a real... "Loon" of a time, if you catch our vt drift.  This is Zday that shouldn't be missedium.  A kosmic party for the ages, you'll be sour if you miss it.  Ticket covers food and goodies, paired with free tastings of special special beer:
https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=JCQXE3H5V8L8N, The gang's all here! Boulevard Brewing Company BA Quad, Ommegang Collab Saison and Upside Brown, Sierra Nevada Brewing Company Celebration IPA, and Sixpoint Brewery Resin DIPA are all in, along with tons of other great beer. #CBCDeliveryDay

And don't forget about the Jack's Abby Brewing tasting this Saturday at 2pm. The new Hopstitution (Calyptra) is in!, Have you seen our most recent email, that was sent out this week? Includes new beers, advent calendar details & sign up, tasting schedule, and Second Glass' Wine Riot info this weekend.  https://www.robly.com/archive?id=e2bb12f4a72c9bec6a4342a0d7ed39e4, This weekend, Riverwalk Brewing and Mayflower Brewing Company will be stopping by to sample some of their great, local beers!, It's #CBCDeliveryDay once again, and some awesome stuff has come through the door this morning. Both Night Shift Brewing Morph IPA and Somer Weisse are in, along with Ithaca Beer Co. Embrr Porter, Great Divide Brewing Company Fresh Hop, and many more. See you soon!, Tonight Only! Woodstock Inn Brewery will be here with cupcakes and a chance to win a stay at their beautiful hotel. 5-7pm. Come thirsty., Woodstock Inn Brewery and Cape Ann Brewing will be here this weekend to sample some of their fantastic, local brews!, And a fine #CBCDeliveryDay to you! Allagash Brewing Company Nancy Cherry Ale; Hopster's Tripel, Table Beer, and IPA; and DL Geary Brewing HSA are in, along with many other exciting new brews!

And don't forget, we've got Woodstock Inn Brewery and Cape Ann Brewing in this weekend for tastings. See you soon!, We told you there was more! Long Trail Brewing Anniversary, Narragansett Beer Autocrat Coffee Milk Stout, and award-winning Samuel Adams Double Bock are all in, along with several other great brews! #CBCDeliveryDay, Sixpoint Brewery and Mill River Winery will be by this Friday and Saturday, respectively, to sample some of their fantastic products!, No joke, this might be the BEST #CBCDeliveryDay we've ever had. Allagash Brewing Company Anniversary Curieux, Off Color Brewing Fierce Berliner, and Clown Shoes Beer Swagger Red are in, along with tons of other new and rare beers we don't have room to mention here. We still have one delivery coming in later this week and a bunch of new CBC swag, so make sure you come in and check out all this awesome stuff!, We're having a Style of the Month (Pumpkin) Tasting today at 3pm! It's a great way to learn more about what you like and how each beer is made. See you there!, The third batch of Night Shift Brewing Morph IPA is here! #CBCDeliveryDay

Also, we'll have both Brasserie McAuslan and 21st Amendment Brewery here tonight at 5 for a tasting. It's shaping up to be a great weekend!, #CBCDeliveryDay is upon us! Ommegang "Valar Morghulis" AND "Fire and Blood" GoT Ales are both in, along with Jack's Abby Brewing BA Framinghammer variants, Clown Shoes Beer Exorcism at Sunset BA Imperial Stout, Orkney Brewery Skull Splitter Ale, and many more. See you soon!, Valar Morghulis from Ommegang is here! There might be some other, special surprises as well... Check back later this afternoon for our weekly #CBCDeliveryDay update!, Ever wondered what colonial Americans drank? Join Heavy Seas Beer at the USS Constitution this Thursday for a tasting and in-depth history lesson!, Seeing a lot of fun, new folks in town for BC Parents' Weekend. Enjoy the area! #BC, It's a New York Beer weekend here in Newton Centre! Ithaca Beer Co. and Southern Tier Brewing Company will be in this Friday and Saturday, respectively, to sample their wares. See you there!, All things considered, it's been a pretty wild #CBCDeliveryDay here! Sixpoint Sensi Harvest Session Ale, Clown Shoes Beer Unidragon Stout, and Wormtown Brewery Be Hoppy IPA are all in , along with several other great beers and ciders. See you soon!, Let’s face it: Mondays are terrible. To help you take your mind off it, why not take a minute and find out more about the beers you love?

St-Ambroise Oatmeal Stout is brewed by McAuslan Brewing out of Montreal, Canada. This rich and creamy black ale conveys notes of espresso and chocolate, but with a subtle dryness. Cascade hops add a distinct west-coast bitterness to an otherwise creamy and smooth finish. At 45 IBUs, this is a perfectly balanced stout well-suited for a relaxing evening at home.

More Info: http://bit.ly/1v03fq7, Looking for a simple Pumpkin treat this fall? Try this 3-ingredient #vegan pumpkin bread using Southern Tier Brewing Company Pumking.

Recipe:
–12 oz of Southern Tier PUMKING
–3 cups of self rising flour
–1/4 cup of sugar

You can find all the steps here: http://bit.ly/1qRQQFg, Like Sours and IPAs? Don't miss Brewery Timmermans and Coronado Brewing Company tasting their beers this weekend. See you there!, This is one hop-crazy #CBCDeliveryDay! Rising Tide Brewing Company Calcutta Cutter DIPA, Allagash Brewing Company Hugh Malone Belgian IPA, and Schmaltz Brewing Hop Manna IPA are in, along with many other seasonals and limited releases., Valar Morghulis from Ommegang will officially launch in New York on October 1st. We'll keep you updated on the Mass release as well as any special availability, holds, or events we'll be hosting. Winter is coming!, In a cider mood? This weekend, we've got both Woodchuck Cider and  Bantam Cider in for tastings. Slumbrew will be by too to sample some of their fantastic local ales. See you then!, You're in for an intense #CBCDeliveryDay!  Rodenbach Caractère Rogue, Southern Tier Brewing Company Tier de Garde, The Bruery Autumn Maple are in, along with several fantastic Imperial Stouts (cough*)tenfidy(cough*). We'll have the full selection at the front of the store, as always! Oskar Blues Brewery, We just received our first bottles of Trillium Brewing Company Congress Street IPA! #CBCDeliveryDay

Please, call 617-916-0244 for same-day holds. 1pp. Thanks!, Come in this weekend for two fantastic tastings! Left Hand Brewing Company is here Friday from 5-7. Saturday, we'll be tasting several  new Fall seasonals that hit our shelves just this week. See you then!, Only one day left to get a chance to grab a Sierra Nevada Beer Camp 12-pack! Click the picture below for more., Happy #CBCDeliveryDay! Green Flash Green Bullet IPA is back, with Wormtown Hopulence IPA, Elysian/21st Amendment He Said, and many more in new. Fall and Pumpkin beers have been released as well, so don't forget to check them out, too!, Last chance to get yourself a Stone Groundbreaking Collab Commemorative 1.5L bottle is... TODAY!  Give us a shout at 617-916-0244, or come into Craft Beer Cellar Newton to reserve your bottle(s).  , We have 1 unexpected pack of Sierra Nevada Beer Camp left over from our last order, and we are giving you a chance to grab it!
Want to be the lucky winner? Like this photo and comment below telling us how you'd enjoy your twelve pack. (Ex: We would take ours on one last beach trip.) Share this photo with your friends, too, and maybe they'll share some beer with you! 
We will pick the winner at noon on 9/5/14 and announce it here. We still can’t let you have any for free, thanks to “the man”, but we’ll let it go for a hefty discount!
Good Luck!

(You must be 21+ years old to enter. Winners must pick up prize no later than 5 days after announcement and must present valid ID. Entrance into contest releases Facebook from any responsibility regarding this contest or its execution.), Stone Brewing Company makes damned good beer. So it's no surprise that the world's best brewers jumped on-board when Stone said they were building a brewery in Berlin, and that they wanted to brew some collaboration beers in their new facility.

We're giving you a SECOND OPPORTUNITY to get your hands on beers that you might otherwise not have had the chance to buy! All collaboration beers will be packaged in 1.5L commemorative bottles and are $56.  617-916-0244

You will have until Wednesday, September 3rd, 5pm (EST) to pre-order a bottle (or more, if you wish) of these limited, collaboration beers.
Place your order at any Craft Beer Cellar in MA (in person or via phone). All bottles must be prepaid and will only be available for pick-up at Massachusetts stores. (As much as we'd love to, shipping is unlawful in the great state of MA.) Newton: 617-916-0244, Thanks to all the brewers and volunteers for making last night's Massachusetts Brewers Guild Fest so great! It's always nice to see the community come together. 

Special thanks to Mayflower Brewing Company for providing the cask beer!, We've got The People's Pint and Taza Chocolate in for tastings tomorrow from 4-7 and Heavy Seas Beer Saturday from 2-4. Come in for some awesome beer and chocolate! #bostonevents, New and welcome-back brews in this #CBCDeliveryDay, including new bar towels, Harpoon Brewery's Cambridge Uncommon, Idle Hands Craft Ales' Leather, and more. Don't forget, all Fall and Pumpkin seasonals will be released Monday, 9/1 at 10am! #stopseasoncreep, Labor Day Weekend is coming up, keg requests are flying in!  Just wanted to send out a helpful link, if anyone is curious, we'd LOVE to get you some beer this week: 

http://craftbeercellar.com/newton/beers.php?sort=so, A few weeks ago, we took a weekend road trip up to Portland, Maine to check out Craft Beer Cellar Portland and some of the other beer-wonders the State had to offer. Fun times were had, of course, and we learned a lot about what went in to some of our favorite brews. Definitely a trip we'd recommend!, Beer FAQ:

Is there caffeine in coffee beer?

Yes, but at about 2oz of coffee per 5 gallons of beer brewed, you're looking at around 1/100th what you'd normally consume. Definitely not enough to keep you up at night. 

Glad we could put that one to bed!, Beer vs. Wine vs. Cheese pairing event is underway! It's going til 7:30... Latecomers welcome!, We've got two epic tastings lined up this weekend. First, on Friday, we'll be hosting a Summer Seasonals tasting of several different breweries' beers. Saturday, Boulevard Brewing Company will be stopping by at 2pm to sample some of their fantastic Missouri beer (and maybe even some Saison-Brett?!). See you there!, What a Hoot-iful #CBCDeliveryDay! Night Shift Brewing Morph IPA, Uinta Brewing Cahoots Saison, Boulevard Brewing Company Hibiscus Gose, and all these others are now available. See you soon!, Have you signed up for our next event yet? THIS Thursday evening, anytime between 5-7:30pm, Any comic book geeks out there? Check out these hero-inspired beer concepts by Butcher Billy!
, Break out your notebooks and sharpen your pencils for the American Society for Microbiology's fantastic lecture, "The Microbiology of Beer"! 

Come on, it's Saturday. What else are you going to do?, We've got two great tastings lined up this weekend! First, join us and Rogue Ales Friday night to sample some of the oldest and most respected recipes in Craft Brewing. Then, come back Saturday to try the high-hopped, fresh, and local beers of Brewmaster Jack. See you there!

Full Schedule: http://bit.ly/1osU9BK, Today's order is coming straight from the hop farm! Green Flash Brewing Co. Citra Session IPA, Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project Fieldmouse's Farewell Saison, and Otter Creek Brewing Overgrown Pale are all in, along with tons of other great, new beers. 5 o'clock is just around the corner; come on in and check them out! #CBCDeliveryDay, Can we deliver you some beer this week? What would you like?, On Thursday, August 21st, Craft Beer Cellar Newton will be hosting a Beer, Wine, and Cheese pairing event! Online registrants will sample several beers and wines, meet our experts, and learn how to create enchanting combinations at home., Brewland™ is an ambitious feature-length documentary exploring the growing craft beer industry in the United States. This Saturday, August 16, from 7 PM to 10 PM, they'll be throwing a free IndieGoGo Launch Party at Harpoon's Beer Hall in Boston, MA. There will be prizes, giveaways, and exclusive screenings. Check it out!, There are all sorts of gems hidden among our 1,100 beers, but this is one of our favorites. Nebraska Brewing Company's barrel-aged, apricot and peppercorn saison is a rare and delicious treat! Ask a CBC Beer Geek next time you're in for even more suggestions., A Happy 19 years to Weyerbacher Brewing Company! This sour mango wheat ale was well worth the wait! #craftbeer, The Massachusetts Brewers Guild Fifth Annual Brewer's Fest is less than a month away! We'll be sending a few Beer Geeks down to check it out; would anyone like to join them?, This month's NEWTletter (see what we did there) has landed in our subscribers' inbox. 

Register for our upcoming event here: http://beerwinecheese.eventbrite.com, 12% Imports is dropping by tomorrow night @5pm to sample some of their unique, rich, international beers. Then, Shmaltz Brewing Company will swing in Saturday @2pm with some fantastic kosher brews. See you then!, Bottled today, delivered today, drink it today! This doesn't happen often, get on it..., Bottled today, delivered today, drink it today!, Bottled today, delivered today, drink it today!, About 20 beers to highlight today from #CBCDeliveryDay in Newton today including Idle Hands Craft Ales Adelais (bottled TODAY), Stone Brewing Co. Coffee Milk Stout, Notch Brewing The Mule, and the premier of Vermont's Foley Brothers Brewing now available in Mass! Oh and Another One., What does The Mule say?! Staff Beer Geek Kenny knows... Ask him for an impersonation! #CBCDeliveryDay, Caption Contest got a little out of control there, but thanks for the enthusiasm!  The winner is Kim Carvalho... come see us soon for a prize!, Harpoon Brewery is raising funds for the American Cancer Society with a tasting at their Seaport brewery this Thursday night. Click the link below for more info., It just occurred to us... Trillium Brewing Company, Couldn't resist!, Good news, everyone!, We've got several great tastings coming up this weekend! First is Spoetzl Brewery Shiner, the first Craft Beer from Texas to reach Boston, at 5pm on Thursday. Next is Far From The Tree Craft Hard Cider  from Salem tasting their classic dry and spicy mint ciders at 5pm on Friday. Last, but not least, Peak Organic Brewing is stopping by at 2pm on Saturday to taste some of their fresh new saisons. We'll see you there!

All Craft Beer Cellar Newton tastings are walk-in, no registration required., Lions, Unidragons, and Clowns! Oh, my! Anybody else heading to the Pintley/Clown Shoes Beer party tonight? , This #CBCDeliveryDay is one for the record books. Backlash Beer Co. Resurrection Imperial Coffee Stout, Southern Tier Brewing Company Sonnet Saison, and White Birch Brewing Double IPA are all in new with Port Brewing / The Lost abbey  Barrel Aged Santa's Little Helper and Stone Brewing Co. Unapologetic IPA making a return. 

All new beers are available for delivery or same-day holds at 617-916-0244, It started raining as soon as Trillium Brewing Company Sunshower came in the door. Go figure! #craftbeer, Boston Magazine just awarded Craft Beer Cellar Belmont Best Beer Store in the city. Congrats to Belmont and all the other #CBCFamily stores, and thank you to our fantastic customers!, Who's up for some raspberry beer this afternoon?, In case you missed it, Off Color Brewing Troublesome Gose is back in this week. This delicious wheat beer is brewed with coriander and sea salt and is perfectly refreshing on a hot summer afternoon!, That's a beautiful beer! 

Trillium Brewing Company Fort Point Pale Ale is currently available in limited quantities. Please, call 617-916-0244 for same-day holds., We've got some great tastings coming up this weekend! First is Victory Beer tonight @5pm, then Woodstock Inn Brewery Friday @5pm. Stop in and join us, won't you?, Texas has come to Mass.! Shiner Beer is now available in-store and for delivery. #dontmesswithtexas

Evil Twin Brewing Nomader Berlinerweisse and Piraat Dry-Hopped Triple are also in. #CBCDeliveryDay, Hidden surprises from Stone Brewing Co. If you'd like to enjoy this, call for same-day holds: 617-916-0244, Don't let summer showers get you down! The Bruery Sours are in, as well as Slumbrew Island Day, Notch Brewing Hootenanny Berlinerweisse, and Bantam Cider 12oz bottles! #CBCDeliveryDay

Please, call 617-916-0244 for same-day holds!, Join our Beer Geek friends Adam & Tony in Belmont at The Mothership CBC next Thursday for an exploration and jaunt into the world of wheat beers, expertly timed for the summer weather.  http://www.eventbrite.com/e/which-is-wit-tickets-12221543967
Thurs July 24 - $25 - 2 hour workshop @ Craft Beer Cellar Belmont, Dan from the Tap Brewing Company has stopped by to sample some of their great, local brews, and he even brought Woodruff Syrup for their Berlinerweisse! The tasting is running now until 7pm, so stop in soon., We have 12 bottles of Maine Beer Company Lunch available from our last order, so we are giving 12 lucky customers a chance to grab one!
Want to be the lucky winner? Just Like this photo. Share it with your friends, too! We will pick the winners at noon on 7/15/14 and announce it here. We can’t let you have any for free, because of “the man”, but we’ll hold each bottle and let it go for a hefty discount!
Good Luck!

(You must be 21+ years old to enter. Massachusetts residents only. Winners must pick up prize no later than 14 days after announcement and must present valid ID. Entrance into contest releases Facebook from any responsibility regarding this contest or its execution.), Beat the summer heat with these refreshing beers! Check out new Glutenberg USA Saison, Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project Double IPA, Peak Organic Brewing Citrus Saison, and Clown Shoes Beer Ride the Lion! #CBCDeliveryDay, Andrew Hicks of WGBH's "What's on Tap?" talks about the advancements in gluten free beer with Brian Shaw & Lee Movic of Craft Beer Cellar Craft Beer Cellar Newton Join them this weekend, at the WGBH Craft Beer Fest: http://www.wgbh.org/support/boxoffice_craftbeer.cfm, Thank you to all our awesome customers for the love, and especially to Yelp Boston for the mention in their weekly email! #madluv #wedowhatwedoforyou
 http://www.yelp.com/weekly_yelp/-z7KKtHr28yIcU45RmXIHA, Spending the 4th around Newton?  Here's some fun! http://www.newtoncommunitypride.org/fourth-of-july.html, Pre-made lager & hard lemonade 6-packs for shandy-making, on our shandy table! "Double shandy"?, Gearing up for the holiday - who needs some kegs for July 4th?  Any special requests?  If you need some ideas, shoot us a message at newton@craftbeercellar.com and we'll add you to the keg availability email, Having fun with Foolproof Brewing Company today!, So much new beer, we needed a helping hand! Idle Hands Craft Ales Hoppy Hefe and Tripel are in, as well as Jack's Abby Brewing Framingham Lager, Mystic Brewery Eldergold, Bantam Cider La Grande, and more. #CBCDeliveryDay

For same-day holds, please call 617-916-0244, Join us THIS Tuesday, June 24 for a free shandy tasting and make-your-own shandy bar: http://shandyshakedown.eventbrite.com 5-7pm, New Holland Brewing Co. has landed! We've also got Founders Taproom Double Trouble, Stone Brewing Co. RuinTen, Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project Fringe APA, and DC Brau Brewing/Baxter Brewing Co.'s Oyster Black IPA. A happy #CBCDeliveryDay, indeed!

For same-day holds, please call 617-916-0244, Happy Father's Day, Beer Geeks! Enjoying anything special with your dads?, Looking for an epic Father's Day gift? Dads love our Beer of the Month Club! Call and ask about membership at 617-916-0244., Happy #CBCDeliveryDay from #TheNewt! Lakefront Brewery ISA, Downeast Cider House Lemonade,  and Sixpoint Brewery Rad are in, as well as a special surprise from Maine! Bottle holds call 617-916-0244, Fun fact: Game of Thrones finale is this weekend. ANOTHER Fun Fact: we may have one of the last Ommegang Fire & Blood GoT 1/6 kegs left in the entire state. Call to reserve: 617-916-0244 #CBCDeliveryDay, Beer Geeks... ASSEMBLE!  

Don't miss this, it doesn't come around... ever.  

Vertical tasting of 2011, 2012, 2013, and maybe we'll throw 2014 in there too!

https://www.facebook.com/events/655827087839112/, The full store!, null, "Hoppy" #CBCDeliveryDay! There are some great IPAs and Lagers in this week, including Boulder Beer Co.'s 35th Anniversary Black IPA, Opa Opa Steakhouse and Brewery's A-10 Warthog, and Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project's American Darling., Our Taco Tuesday event is sold out, sorry to anyone that missed the cutoff.  Our next event is a Summer Shandy Shakedown w/ Stacy's Juicebars!  Come learn how to make your own shandys and radlers: https://shandyshakedown.eventbrite.com Tuesday June 24th., Join our friends Hopster's & Slumbrew for a Slumbrew Custom Brew & Tap Takeover!, Thanks Zack - it's so fun having you in regularly!! , Just got a new beer in! Here's a hint...

#CBCDeliveryDay, It's been a while since our last post, so let us make it up to you with these great new Wheats, IPAs, and Sours! Sharp eyes will also spot Ithaca Beer Co. Cayuga Cruiser, Mystic Brewery The Last and Final Judgement, and Boulevard Brewing Company Saison Brett in this #CBCDeliveryDay pile!, null, Happy #CBCDeliveryDay! This week, you can sample some new IPAs and Lagers from Backlash Beer Co., Jack's Abby Brewing, and Coronado Brewing Company, as well as other new, seasonal brews. What are you looking forward to?, It's #CBCDeliveryDay, so keep your eyes peeled for what comes in on the best day of the week!

In the mean time, check these amazing FEEL-GOOD Pandora radio stations that we jam out to all day at #thenewt:
"Elton John"
"Gogol Bordello"
"80's Pop"
"The Coasters"
"Salt-n-Peppa"
"Elvis Presley"

Give 'em a try!, null, How would you like to win a pair of tickets to this week's HopChef competition in Boston?! We have a pair tickets provided by Ommegang, and would love to give them to you!

Everyone that comments on this post with their favorite beer/food pairing will have an opportunity to win. One name will be randomly selected from those that comment - and will be awarded two tickets to the event. Drawing on Tuesday.

A great opportunity to experience great beer and food pairing with some of the city's best chefs!

http://hopchef2014.ticketleap.com/boston/details, Color us star-struck! David Cayer, co-owner of Glutenberg Brewery, stopped by on Tuesday to talk shop with us. His new IPA, hopped with Chinook, is a fresh, sweet brew!, Wow, the weather today is completely turning around... And amazing!!, Happy Friday everyone! Have you seen our upcoming Taco Tuesday event at http://cbctacotuesday.eventbrite.com? Oh and THIS today:, Interested in trying some new beer? Stop in this Friday or Saturday!, Summer's here! Some great beers from The Bruery, Evil Twin Brewing, and Mayflower Brewing Company came in this #CBC_DeliveryDay. 

Fans of Del's Lemonade & Refreshments, Inc., check out the Narragansett Beer shandies!, Did you miss our newsletter in your inbox this morning? 

We've got you covered with details about a June 3rd event with Tango Mango (http://cbctacotuesday.eventbrite.com), and showcased beers from Notch Brewing, Boulevard Brewing Company, Allagash Brewing Company, Glutenberg USA, and Brouwerij Bockor!, Great timing for his first visit! Thanks to Dan for the "research" help for our upcoming Taco Tuesday event with Tango Mango on June 3rd from 5-7pm.

Stop in for details!, Come discover beer with us! How can we help?, Happy Mother's Day to all our local beer geeks and brewers! In case you forgot a card..., Check out our gingers! #craftbeer, Interested in trying some #craftbeer? We'll have selections from both breweries this weekend!, New Anchor Brewing Company, Green Flash Brewing Co., and Cambridge Brewing Company IPAs, Founders Brewing Co. Rubaeus, as well as some great Summer beer this #CBCDeliveryDay!

We'll be posting more pics to Twitter at http://twitter.com/cbc_newton

PS - Did we mention the Hill Farmstead Brewery collab? No? Oh well..., We've just updated our schedule of FREE TASTINGS for May. No registration, no commitment, just come in and enjoy!

Any other beer-related activities you're looking forward to this month?

PS - Peep the Beer Run On May 8th hosted by Greater Boston Running Company - Newton!

Check out the official schedule here: http://craftbeercellar.com/newton/events.php, Join us for fun tasting wine together now until 7pm! Beckstoffer Vineyards, New England Hefeweizen, Japanese IPA, and California Sessions, oh my! Plenty of Two Roads Brewing Company, Kiuchi Brewery, Firestone Walker Brewing Co., and more this #CBCDeliveryDay!

Check out Twitter for more updates! http://twitter.com/cbc_newton, Release info for: Firestone Walker Brewing Co. #Parabola. We had more people on our list than the number of bottles, so we will choose 6 at random to offer a same-day hold on a bottle (calls by 4pm). The remaining 6 bottles we received will go on sale at 5:00pm today on a 1 per person, walk-in, first-come/first-serve basis. We strive for fairness above all else, and we think this is about as fair as we can make it. We've got nothing but #madluv for our #BeerGeeks, and we hope you feel the same way, too! Thanks for understanding, and we hope to see you this #CBCDeliveryDay Afternoon! #craftbeer #FirestoneWalker, Their wheat beers are phenomenal, but we couldn't help posting this punny pilsner. 

Two Roads Brewing Company has come to Boston, and now you know where to get it! #CBCDeliveryDay, Next Monday May 5th, we're participating in Newton & Needham's largest tasting event of the year.  Local restaurants, businesses, and of course Craft Beer Cellar - we'll be tasting and educating on 8 different beers.  Come to our booth and say hi!  , 2 tastings today: Some international selections from 1-3pm and @WachusettBrew from 2-4pm woot woot! Today's a good day to swing by, Only a few of these available! 1pp, same day holds: 617-916-0244, Go, Huskers! We've got Nebraska Brewing Company, Jack's Abby Brewing Maibock and Hopstitution, Stone Brewing Co. Sprocket Rye Kolsch, and many more new beers this #CBCDeliveryDay!

You can find all of our delivery updates on Twitter at http://twitter.com/cbc_newton, Happy Earth Day, #CraftBeer Geeks!, What are you looking forward to this #CBCDeliveryDay? Despite some unseasonal weather, Allagash Brewing Company Saison is in, along with Southern Tier Brewing Company Mokah, Evil Twin Brewing Ryan and the Gosling, and many more!

Find new Delivery Day updates on Twitter at http://twitter.com/cbc_newton, Beer Easter Baskets! Available this week., Spring floral countertop piece from Bloomsbury Park Flowers, with our beer Easter Baskets in the background. Thanks for the beautiful flowers!, Have you seen this STACKED weekend we have here are #theNewt?  Lot's of #craftbeer tastings lined up, here's a highlight 
-Friday 5-7pm Left Hand Brewing Company
-Saturday 1-3pm Woodstock Inn Brewery
-Saturday 1-3pm Broma Brownie Co.
-Saturday 3-5pm Anderson Valley Brewing Company
Click the image below for more info: http://www.craftbeercellar.com/newton/events.php, Quite the unCANNY #CBCDeliveryDay here! New meads from Downeast Cider House and Moonlight Meadery, as well as new beers from Wachusett Brewing Company, Long Trail Brewing, SOUTHAMPTON PUBLICK HOUSE:  BREWERY-GRILL-TAPROOM, Les Trois Mousquetaires microbrasseurs, and many more!

Look for more updates on Twitter: http://twitter.com/cbc_newton, Berry tart fro-yo paired with raspberry Lambic. Fro-yo from our neighbors at Yogurtland Newton Centre YUM!, We've been really lucky to have some incredible beer in stock this week - it's been a fun one. We've also seen a lot of really impressive selections today from customers, cheers to some serious beer geeks in store today!, Happy Friday everyone!

P.S. KBS released tomorrow (Saturday) morning at 10am, front door please!, A little surprise #CBCDeliveryDay from Trillium Brewing Company  :-), Come join our friends for a beer run tomorrow! (Well, technically mead tomorrow) :-), #CBCDeliveryDay was a real winner! This week, you can sign up to win a pair of FREE TICKETS to Drink Craft Beer's Springfest! Ommegang, Mikkeller, Harpoon Brewery, Narragansett Beer, Rock Art Brewery, and Ruckus Brewing are all in new, along with many more. 

Check out Twitter for the full list: http://www.twitter.com/cbc_newton, Looking for Founders KBS? It's here, and we're releasing it out to the public at 10am Saturday morning (April 5th).

Thanks for your understanding, #madluv, So proud to be have been the host of this event.  Thanks for the hoppy memories, Yelp Boston! Here are the reviews from last night:, nom nom nom nom!!  :-), So dank. If you're drinking this today, what are you eating with it?, Have you seen our new collection of #CraftBeer Delivery Flyers? Ken is on this one!  Know any fun offices that would love a beer delivery program? Let us know!, Craft Beer Cellar Newton is now an extremely proud member of the Massachusetts Brewers Guild.  We're happy to support our local brewers and grow our region's voice for #craftbeer!  Please stop in for a Mass Brewers Passport to embark on your journey of brewery visits across the state.  #morecraftbeerforthepeople, Spring is off to a sweet start this #CBCDeliveryDay with new beers and truffles from The Happy Chocolatier! Stone Brewing Co. Stout, Schöfferhofer Weizen Grapefruit, Port Brewing / The Lost abbey Red Poppy, Central City Brewers + Distillers Red Betty Session/Imperial, and many more!

Check out Twitter for continuing updates: https://twitter.com/cbc_newton, Burritos for lunch today here at #TheNewt from our neighbors at Tango Mango, & we've got a Staff #BeerGeek Throwdown! It's roasted veggies, cheese, lettuce, salsa, and jalapeño peppers. What do you think is the better pairing: Ithaca Beer Co. Green Trail IPA or Uinta Brewing Detour Double IPA? 

Or perhaps something else...?, Join us this weekend to get some education and samples - Peak Organic Brewing TONIGHT until 7pm, and Moonlight Meadery Saturday 1-3pm. 
http://craftbeercellar.com/newton/events.php, Have you seen our line-ups for beer brackets: https://www.facebook.com/craftbeercellar/posts/444224559040938?stream_ref=10

Tell us who you'd vote for??
#beerfun, Happy Spring Everyone!  Cheers to a little more sun!  

Want to be more creative and soak up some of that new energy from the warmer weather?  Apparently, the answer is #morecraftbeer: 

http://www.themuse.com/advice/the-drink-that-makes-you-more-creative, It's #CBCDeliveryDay! Some truly epic stuff rolled in the door this morning. What are you excited to try this week?

Check out Twitter for incoming updates: https://twitter.com/cbc_newton

Evil Twin Brewing, Stone Brewing Co. #EnjoyBy, Green Flash Brewing Co., Jack's Abby Brewing, Omnipollo, Big Elm Brewing, and many more!, Last call for Wednesday start of our Beer Immersion Series classes: Hops up first! http://beerimmersion2.eventbrite.com  , Happy St Patrick's Day from the staff at CBC Newton! #craftbeer #silly, Special #cbcdeliveryday from Clown Shoes Beer. Space Cake is in stock and ready to be enjoyed! Happy Friday!, What are you up to Sunday evening? https://beerstyles.eventbrite.com, Rain, rain, go away! Don't come again on #CBCDeliveryDay! With North Coast Brewing Company, Mikkeller, Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project, Uinta Brewing, Baxter Brewing Co., and many more!

Check out the full list on Twitter: https://twitter.com/cbc_newton, Raspberry lambic macaroons with chocolate ganache. Exchange raspberry Lambic for water in the egg white substitute. Full of raspberry flavor! Amazing. Try Lindemans Lambic Beer in Newton Center, Massachusetts, Attention home-brewers! Want to learn to slant & culture yeast? We have a yeast clinic held by Down the Road Brewery on Tuesday Mar 18th, hosted at Craft Beer Cellar Newton. http://www.eventbrite.com/e/yeast-slanting-clinic-tickets-7928635763, Tasting & education tonight with Boulevard Brewing Company from 5-7pm. Come say hi! #craftbeer #morebeer, You've asked... here it is! Beer Immersion Series starting in March: http://beerimmersion2.eventbrite.com 

Skyhigh view of the classroom:, So... Many... New... Beers... #CBCDeliveryDay Stone Brewing Co., Weyerbacher Brewing Company, Harpoon Brewery, Green Flash Brewing Co., Oskar Blues Brewery, and many more!

Check out Twitter for the full list: https://twitter.com/cbc_newton, 2014 Barley wine - Old Guardian from Stone Brewing Co. In stock!, If you cant be on Bourbon Street tonight for Fat Tuesday, at least you can drink some fine Louisiana brews to celebrate!  Abita Beer, Yuengling lager, light, and black & tan to hit the shelves here in less than an hour., Dogfish Head Beer tasting today. Come sample and be educated!, Buckle up for safety mr pig! Woodstock Inn Brewery Thanks for the Pigs Ear tasting tonight at CBC in Newton Center, Massachusetts, Woodstock Inn Brewery tasting tonight from 5-7pm... Come hang out! Double Pigs Ear will be opened!, We're not saying Tröegs Brewing Company Nugget Nectar is back in stock, but we're not saying it isn't either. ;-) See that sweet Tröegs logo cutout on the box?, These snuck in while you weren't looking! (A little update from our earlier post) #CBCDeliveryDay Weyerbacher Brewing Company Stone Brewing Co. Anderson Valley Brewing Company, Have you seen our new beer jellies? Brews in this week fromWestbrook Brewing Company,  The Bruery, Yeastie Boys, Allagash Brewing Company, and more!, Back in stock and ready to rock! The Spencer Brewery, Zip-up hoodies are in stock. Sportin' the "Beer Geek" on the back. Proud to put this on!, Busy Sunday afternoon?  Join us for our Sours class with "Keg Ken" - Get into sours!
 https://beerstyles.eventbrite.com, 2 tastings today! HoneyMaker mead from 2-4pm & White Birch Brewing from 3-5pm. , Sorry Punxy Phil, groundhogs couldn't predict this gorgeous day! Enjoy the sun everyone! Need some session beers for the day? Or maybe some fun & very relevant beers from the pic?, Cisco Tasting until 7:30pm! Come join. Cisco Brewers Nantucket, Nugget Nectar Day!!, Performing some experiments with Element Brewing Company at their free tasting! Stop by before 7pm tonight to sample some of their great, organic beers!, "I'm meltinggggg!!" Said the snow... And the wicked witch of the west. BUH-BYE!, #madluv on our instagram acct from #beergeeks! 

"I will forever love @embose for introducing me to @cbc_newton where I can find my favorite goodies from Germany! Takes me back to Bavaria!! #beer #heritage #newaddiction #CBC"

Follow us on #instagram yet? @cbc_newton , Just found this in the cooler! Call to hold until 10pm - 617-916-0244, 'Creep' an eye out for these great new beers! The Brooklyn Brewery, Wild Beer Co., Port Brewing / The Lost abbey, Boulevard Brewing Company, and Tröegs Brewing Company are some delicious new additions! #CBCDeliveryDay, Has anyone successfully poured the Sarasola Cider from 3 feet away, per the directions?
Any good stories from your experience?? We'd love to see a pic!, How's this for juxtaposition? Port Brewing / The Lost abbey #CBCDeliveryDay, Have you signed up for our second Beer Immersion Series? Our first set of classes was sold out. Starts in March: http://beerimmersion2.eventbrite.com 
Also, sours class: http://cbcnewton.eventbrite.com, Keeping the sidewalks clear for you!, Mayflower Marissa is sampling tonight! Mayflower Brewing Company, The path to Craft Beer Cellar Newton will always be clear... There is beer to be enjoyed!, Did you catch our #CBCDeliveryDay newbies yesterday? Cheers to a delicious Valentines Day ahead! Coronado Brewing Company  Lagunitas Brewing Co Mystic Brewery Jack's Abby Brewing, Join the CBC family and Firestone Walker Brewing Co. team while we launch the rest of the 6-pk portfolio in Mass! Sampling and reps available from 5-7pm tonight (Tuesday)., We're getting excited for the launch of the rest of the Firestone Walker Brewing Co.'s 6-packs in Mass!  Join us tomorrow (Tuesday) for a brand-wide simultaneous tasting from 5-7pm.  We have the following in stock: Velvet Merlin, DBA, Pivo Pils, Pale 31, Union Jack, Double Jack, and Wookey Jack., Need some Valentines Day inspiration?, Last chance for our fun IPA class tomorrow afternoon - http://www.eventbrite.com/e/craft-beer-style-specifics-history-fundamentals-tickets-10032115327?aff=eorg, Come try some brownies! Broma Brownie Co., Cider selection!, Breckenridge Brewery of Colorado rockin' a tasting - come join until 7pm, IPA class... THIS Sunday! 

http://www.eventbrite.com/e/craft-beer-style-specifics-history-fundamentals-tickets-10032115327?aff=eorg, What do you do when you consistently have "too many" amazing beers to fit into a single shot? Get a fish-eye lens and go panorama mode!  May have to click on the pic to catch everything! #CBCDeliveryDay, Can't stop a #CBCDeliveryDay! Best day of the week! Hardest working people in beer right here, cheers Craft Brewers Guild & Burke Dist., Annnnnddddd... We're OPEN! Early! Shoveling out parking spots next... Stay tuned, Dear winter storm "Nika", checkmate:, The calm before the storm..., Need some gift ideas for a special #beergeek in your life? Try our Beer of the Month - Beer Share!, Free yogurt from our friends at Yogurtland Newton Centre until 7pm. Come visit!, 30 minutes left until we leave for the big game!  We'll keep the doors open a couple minutes late to catch the stragglers... Cheers!, Such a gorgeous day! Enjoy the "heat"!, 2 kegs left for today! Founders All Day & Allagash White., Westfield River Brewing Company tasting today until 3pm!  Come sample with us!  Cheers to a beautiful Saturday!, We're so excited Night Shift Brewing canned their Marblehead!  Salted caramel amber session ale with vanilla beans.  WHOA, Hitachino Nest Beer  Tasting until 8pm Come sample their Weizen, Ginger Brew, Commemorative Ale, and their Sake-Cask aged brew! We're excited... Eeeeeeee!!, Kegs! In stock, let us know what you need for your Super Bowl party! 617-916-0244, Yesterday marked our 3-month anniversary of opening.  We can't say thank you enough!  From the bottom of our hearts, thank you for all your support, thank you for all your great feedback, and most of all... THANK YOU for being our awesome #craftbeer friends!  Cheers to YOU!, Did you miss our first sold-out Beer Immersion series?  We have another coming in March: http://cbcnewton.eventbrite.com 
Check out the "birds-eye-view" of our classroom..., Grey Sail Brewing of Rhode Island tasting rocking and rolling! Join us for samples until 7pm, Live feed from our Craft Beer Immersion - Hops Class... Mike brought his hop hat!, Woot Woot!  #CBCDeliveryDay is our favorite day! So much YUM.  Not pictured: The Spencer Brewery & Sam adams beer Rebel IPA, Well that's a cute little keg jacket. Put your keg orders in for Super Bowl today or tomorrow! 617-916-0244, All about this beer right now. Such a nice light cherry note. Amazing., The battle is on... East Coast vs West Coast IPA mixed 6-packs. Who's the winner? YOU!, Prepping for our Downeast Cider House tasting, we found a cider monster was here!  Come sample some cider until 3pm.  Original and Cranberry., Only ONE seat left... http://beerimmersion.eventbrite.com 
Get your #craftbeer education on!, Jeff from Stone Brewing Co. Doing the #bluesteel look. Tasting until 7pm tonight!, We literally cannot fit all the new beer in from yesterday's #cbcdeliveryday! - here's a start...  More to come later!, It's a great day in Newton today... Fiore di Nonno Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project Tasting & Pairing until 7pm tonight. Cheers!, We have a seriously awesome tasting & pairing tonight from 5-7pm!  Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project & Fiore di Nonno Cheese. Come taste some local beer and cheese made from the best! Rumor has it that Dan & Martha will be here :-), A small, but awesome #cbcdeliveryday in the wake of the snow. Jack's Abby Brewing, Hoppin' Frog Brewery, Blatant Brewery, Broma Brownie Co. - we know it's hard to read, but it says "Tequila Caramel & Sea Salt Brownie".  WOWZA!, Congrats to Staff Beer Geek Mike for passing the Beer Judge Certification Program entrance exam.  Guess who is teaching our Craft Beer Immersion Series at #thenewt? MIKE! Check out all the deets here: http://beerimmersion.eventbrite.com, Keeping it clear! Join us for another 30 minutes!, It's delicious, and it's here! The Spencer Brewery Trappist Ale! Call 617-916-0244 to reserve some!, Can we be your go-to for office beer delivery?  We'd love to stock your beer fridge or keg-orator.  Let us know how we can help!, Now that we know the teams for the big game, can we help you with getting kegs or any other special orders?  Come on in, or call 617-916-0244, Let's celebrate together! Cheers Dr. MLK!  Thank you for all your amazing contributions., Still have a couple special New England & Colorado mixed cases left in preparation for today's game. You can still get case discounts on these! Open Noon-6pm today., Yup... we LOVE beer here, Side-by-Side Boston brewery tastings, come show your pride!
Sam adams beer Harpoon Brewery Sampling and educating until 3:00pm, at 1:00PM, the battle of Boston begins!!  Sam adams beer & Harpoon Brewery running simultaneous tastings at Craft Beer Cellar Newton, Of course we couldn't forget about San Fran & Seattle... What's your vote for this week's game? Craft Beer Cellarbowl! (we don't carry beers from Seattle... BUT we DO have these beers in stock!), We just realized... Today is Friday! Awesome! That means we have a SPECIAL delivery, we're sure you'll ENJOY. :-), The Mayflower Brewing Company Porter moved on from last week.  What's your vote for this week's game?  Craft Beer Cellarbowl!, We've got pre-made cases of 12 Colorado beers & 12 New England beers for this weekend's #Patriots/ Broncos game. Give us a call and we'll set one aside for you, or stop in and grab/make your own! #GoPats #WestillloveCOBeer #craftbeer 617-916-0244, A new #GlutenFree #craftbeer is on our shelves here at #TheNewt. Lammsbräu is USDA #Organic, clean, crisp, and delicious! #CBCDeliveryDay, Just launched more classes! 4 Style Specifics Classes and Another Beer Immersion Series -  http://cbcnewton.eventbrite.com , It's Wednesday... You know what that means! #CBCDeliveryDay, Who's been waiting for this? We know a lot of you! It's in today - cheers! AleSmith Brewing Company Speedway Stout, How. Is. This. @foundersbrewing. Beer. Still. On. The. Shelf? #craftbeer #breakfaststout, Get #craftbeer smaht!, Yayyy!  We hit 1,000 FB fans!  We love you! #craftbeer, CBC Newton Holiday Party. Loving it., Who wins your vote for today's game?  Beer superbowl!, It's glorious..., Annnnnddd go!! Sierra Nevada Brewing Company tasting starts now:, One of the more seriously awesome delivery days that we've had in a long time. Take note of the details... #CBCDeliveryDay, The most wonderful day of the week! #CBCDeliveryDay, We have 3 AMAZING tastings this weekend, including 2 international portfolios.  Check them out: http://www.craftbeercellar.com/newton/events.php
Thursday 5-7. Friday 5-7. Saturday 1-3., Beer School starts this month!  Register for our first available class series today... more on the way...
Craft Beer Immersion Series, High & Mighty Beer tasting is rockin' and rollin'!, These brownies will change your life! CBC staff devoured 1 last night. Boston Brownie Co is now Broma Brownie Co., Join us Saturday from 3-5pm for a free tasting from High & Mighty Beer, Foolproof Brewing Company tasting just started! Come on down!, Foolproof Brewing Company tasting today 5-7pm.  We all know you have the day off... come enjoy some free beer!, How much SNOW did #thenewt get?  About a magnum's worth!, All clear... and officially open for the day!, Working towards a noon opening. Come treat yourself to a beer after all this shoveling!, These are some awesome steps.  Also, come talk to our Staff Beer Geeks or join the "Beer of the Month' program at Craft Beer Cellar Newton

Nice post from DRAFT Magazine:, Revery from Foolproof Brewing Company, a new Russian Imperial Stout to hit our shelves at 10.7%.  Join us Friday evening (tomorrow) from 5-7pm for a free Foolproof tasting!, Brrrrrrr.... stay warm tonight, maybe with one of these: Long Trail Brewing Harpoon Brewery Great Divide Brewing Co. Sixpoint Brewery, A Firestone Walker Brewing Co. Seventeenth Anniversary Ale just became available for sale for tonight. Open until 10pm!, Keeping the sidewalks clear for you! Open until 10PM tonight. Come play in the snow! Call in a gift-card order: 617-916-0244, Bierkraft in Brooklyn, doing great stuff! Cheers to a fun visit today. #CBCOnTour, Jack says... Stock up tonight for a snow day tomorrow! We close at 6pm tonight, 2 more hours to go! Tomorrow we are open full hours, 10am-10pm., Need some New Years Day Hair of the Dog? We are open 12-6 today!, "Dani fancy-hands" making staff picks!, Some fun options for tonight!, Surprise delivery of Enlightenment Brut! So excited!, A portion of an early #CBCDeliveryDay - some sold out beers made it in!, 'Straight chillin' - call ahead and let us know what beers you want and we will make sure they get to the fridge so they are cold when you pick them up. 617-916-0244, Our mascot, #thenewt, is crawling around... Say hi when you're in., Staff Beer Geek Mike is making us beer-mimosas today. Nice little Sunday! Come try one! Avery Brewing Company, Mmmmmead (see what we did there?) Moonlight Meadery, Sandwich Works in Newton Centre has coffee ice cubes available for ice coffee! How *cool* is that?! #greatservice
Newton, Massachusetts, Free Moonlight Meadery Tasting today from 2-4pm. Come learn about mead today, you might be surprised!, One of our customers LOVES this "Dark, Rich, & Sexy" beer, with good reason! What other beers would/could be considered "sexy"?, It's readyyyyyyy... Ballast Point Brewing & Spirits Sculpin #surprisedelivery, This IPA is real "citrusy", What are you drinking today? Is it possibly a lamb-ic? Bahhhhhh! Merry Christmas!, Annnnnnnd we're open!  10am-6pm today.  Maybe we'll keep the door open a bit later for any last minute shoppers!, Our sincere appreciation goes out to Gary Dzen & The Boston Globe for the amazing story written about the whole CBC team.  Thank you for your awesome contribution to #craftbeer on a regular basis!, Got ittttt... :-), #craftbeer #collaboration deliciously evil, Looking for a gift for that Beer geek in your life? We have some geek approved gift sets made up! Come pick one(or more) up before the big day! Allagash Brewing Company Stone Brewing Co. Ommegang Harpoon Brewery Pretty Things Beer & Ale Project, Who's ready to run their own #craftbeer tasting? Can we help pick your beer out? Cuzzzz we kinda like beer. Just sayin', Notch Brewing tasting until 7pm tonight :-), Art Stroll & Shop tonight and Notch Brewing tasting from 5-7pm... join in on the fun!, How bad can these elves get?!?, Ohhhhh boy... #CBCDeliveryDay - New Releases!, Our first project this morning: sending #madluv and BEERthday wishes to #TheMothership, Craft Beer Cellar Belmont. Happy Birthday, S.S.!, Marathon Fundraiser tonight! Want to hold one? Email newton@craftbeercellar.com and we will donate our classroom space and hold a free tasting., Working hard to keep the walkways shoveled... Please come keep us company! PLEASE :-), Looking for some beers of the season? Check out our winter seasonal table!, Craft Beer Cellar gift cards. Give the gift of AWESOME beer!  You can also phone-in your order and we will mail them out for you: 617-916-0244 or newton@craftbeercellar.com, Last day to partake in the Brasserie Cantillon raffle to support the Newton, Massachusetts food Bank.  10 bottles of Rose de Gambrinus. Drawing is tonight (Monday) at 8pm., Plenty of snow around to chill your beer with!, Fun Stone gifts!, Keeping the sidewalks clear for you!  Come join us until 10pm :-), It's coming down ever so slightly outside, but it's rocking and rolling here in Craft Beer Cellar Newton with the Clown Shoes Beer tasting until 7pm tonight.  We are open until 10pm - stock up for the snow!, Making it festive at Craft Beer Cellar Newton... HAPPY HOLIDAYS!  P.S. Did you know Craft Beer Cellar Waterbury opens today?! Congrats friends!, Cisco Brewers Nantucket rocking the tasting at Craft Beer Cellar Newton tonight! Cheers!, Friday Deliveries! Want us to deliver to your company? Let us know! 617-916-0244, Thanks to our friends at Night Shift Brewing we have a very limited supply of Quad Reserve in store ! One bottle per customer please. Call 617-916-0244 for same day holds. Happy Friday!, Update! Making Christmas trees out of beer!  Sierra Nevada Brewing Company #craftbeer, We still might need more!  #delicious #craftbeer from Sierra Nevada Brewing Company #freshhopale, We don't always fest... but when we do, it's a Love Fest., Mystic Brewery "Entropy" - 14.2% Still Ale aged in French & American Oak. We have a limited supply, so come and get it while you can. Call 617-916-0244 for same day holds! 1 bottle per person, please., Don't worry... "Be Hoppy"!  Wormtown Brewery Be Hoppy is on the shelf!, Kegs!  Let's get the delicious beer party started..., How's your glassware collection?  We want to improve it!  Come in anytime this week or next and get a FREE GLASS with ANY 12-pack in the store.  If we run out of the matching brewery's glass, we'll make it right and get you something else.  Cheers!, Anyone want to be a #rockstar for Trillium Brewing Company?  Check out their newest job post..., Congrats Craft Brewers Guild! Craft Beer Cellar Newton will be stocking up for March release!, Our staff beer geeks are super excited to help guide you through the store and pick out some delicious beers.  Come say hi!  In a rush?  We've got some pre-picked 6-packs with fun names ready to go! #craftbeer, How many beers have you had that have been rated 100??  Port Brewing / The Lost abbey beers should be a part of your choices this week.  They're wicked pissah!, Rockin' & Rollin' on the Cantillon raffle. This is the last week to enter! 10 bottles to be pulled on the 16th., Did you know that the proper glassware can enhance your imbibing experience?  Yup, for cider too!  Ask a beer geek next time you're in about which glass to use., Please support those in need this season and bring in some non-perishable food items.  We have a box waiting for your thoughtful donation for the Newton Food Drive.  Thank you!, One bottle of Backwoods Bastard left in the entire store. Adult scavenger hunt! Hint, it's hiding in the international section., Go pats! Need a beer break? No worries, you won't miss anything - we got you covered!, New payment method with TheLevelUp, just installed at Craft Beer Cellar Newton.  No wallet?  No problem!, Hey guys, Heavy Seas Beer & Weihenstephan USA in the house!  Come try some delicious beer at Craft Beer Cellar Newton, Just dropped off our first Friday delivery with our shiny new delivery program. Free delivery for any order over $100. Yayyy beer!, We have 7, yes SEVEN, tastings this weekend, starting tonight at 5pm with Bantam Cider & a wine tasting. Check out our schedule on the site:, Exciting #CBCDeliveryDay yesterday, tons of fun new beer.  Much of it is limited and won't be in again anytime soon! Come play in the cellar! #thenewt, We've teamed up with our neighbors at Greater Boston Running Company - Newton for a Beer and Pizza run TONIGHT at 6:30pm. Meet at GBRC for a 2, 3, or 4 mile run (route provided), then pop over to our place for tasting with Bantam Cider, Atlantic Importing, and pizza (of course)!

All paces welcome! (image courtesy of DRAFT Magazine) cc: The Beer Runner, New beer alert! Dogfish Head Beer Piercing Pils - a czech-style pilsner brewed with pear juice, pear tea, and saaz hops. Umm... YUM!
#CBCDeliveryDay, See our friends over at the Biltmore Bar and Grill!, Come join our fun little downtown Newton Centre for an Arts Stroll and Shop on December 15th from noon-6pm! A whole store is being dedicated to an art display next to Craft Beer Cellar Newton!, "I don't shop small & local on #smallbusinesssaturday... I shop small and local every day" - An awesome customer showing her support yesterday. Thanks so much!, #Cantillon Raffle, Is there anything #craftbeer DOESN'T pair well with? No, no there isn't. Join us at Mr. Sid, our #NewtonCentre neighbors, on December 11th for a denim social with Joe’s Jeans. #shoplocal, Free parking for #SmallBusinessSaturday in the Newton Centre lot - come say hi! Look for the blue covers., Of course we would love to see you tomorrow, but whatever it is you choose to support - make it a small business tomorrow (and everyday)! Your support means more than you may know. Thanks for all the love! We love you right back!, A sea of Beer Advent Cases! So pretty., It's dry here in the cellar! We're extra-staffed today to help you!  Carry out to your car, hold your umbrella, pick some delicious beer, you know - the fun stuff!  Thanks for supporting craft beer!, Dieu Du Ciel! bounty! #CBCDeliveryDay, What's the chance we are blasting 80's at some point during the day? Hint: it's as much as our UV filter on our windows to protect our beer., Last day to order Beer Advent Cases: http://myemail.constantcontact.com/Order-Your-Craft-Beer-Advent-Box-by-TONIGHT-.html?soid=1108537776611&aid=8PRGcZkiNaI, What are you bringing to Friendsgiving?, Kegs!, Elf work! 16 Advent cases rolling out the door soon. Come in or call to reserve! 617-916-0244 #NewTonsOfBeer, Sam Smith Tasting now until 7pm! Brooklyn running from 5:30-7:30 - both free. 1243 Centre St, Newton, One stack gone, this is our last stack!  These are fun - build your own Shmaltz Brewing Company menorah., 24 days of delicious, leading up to Christmas - come in or call to reserve yours today - 617-916-0244, Updating our tastings board... See you this Thirst-day, errr Thursday, for The Brooklyn Brewery & Sam Smith from 5-7pm., CBC opens in Braintree Wednesday morning at 10am... Get there!, Stopping in tonight? Say hi to Staff #BeerGeek Graham! He's shown here modeling some of his favorite beers from Breckenridge Brewery of Colorado, Left Hand Brewing Company, Tröegs Brewing Company, Berkshire Brewing Company, Paulaner, and Hitachino Nest. 

Welcome to the #CBCFamily, Graham!, Did you know we have a big INTERNATIONAL BEER tasting this Friday Nov 22 from 5-7pm?? 
Intimidated by the whole WALL of international beers in our store? Come learn about them this Friday... http://www.craftbeercellar.com/newton/events.php
Get your beer geek on!, I started sippin' cider, now it's beer.... started sippin' cider, now the whole team's drinkin' beers, Are you ready for some FOOTBALL?!, These are flying better than real turkeys! Barley and Rye malts - aged on toasted American Oak, This is so fun! Beer-menorah!, An awesome customer came in to make an advent calendar out of beer! Nice picks!, Baxter Brewing Co. tasting rocking and rolling!, Right now! Until 7pm, Look at how big these Hennepin bottles are from Ommegang! Great gift item, and only 2 available., Whoa - great line up for our 2 free tastings tonight 5-7pm with Baxter Brewing Co. & Brewmaster Jack.  Brian's favorites are the Phantom Punch & Ambrewsia, Everything we do, we do for you! 

P.S. Have you found us on Yelp yet? http://www.yelp.com/biz/craft-beer-cellar-newton, Rated as one of the top 3 dopplebock beers in the world by BeerAdvocate. Onnn the shelf!
http://beeradvocate.com/lists/style/35, This Thursday, November 14th, we have a free "speed-dating" event. Only thing, is that your potential mates are on a shelf... and delicious. Trust us... THEY WANT YOUR NUMBER TOO.  Baxter Brewing Co. & Brewmaster Jack will be tasting their brews from 5-7pm.  Where will YOUR love story start?, #thesebrownieswillchangeyourlife available only at Craft Beer Cellar Newton, Delicious delivery day with brand new beer! 1 per person on Shipyard Brewing Company Mint Choc Stout & Rising Tide Brewing Company Polaris #CBCDeliveryDay, New to craft beer? Don't know what to get? Want to try something new? Let US make the 6-pack for you! Mix and match any bottle... any can... any amount... any time.  Yeah, we know... beer is AWESOME!, Looking for a start to your Thursday night? Join us for 2 simultaneous free tastings from 5-7pm. Baxter Brewing Co. & Brewmaster Jack in the house., Look at this fun date on this bottle of Mayflower Brewing Company Porter - bottled during the World Series!, Impromptu tasting!, Tasting with Marissa from Mayflower Brewing Company!, Thanks for the kind words, Newton Patch -, Slumbrew tasting from 5-7pm. International Stout Day tasting from 6-8pm. Come try! All free. See what we did there with the background?, Just added a ton of tastings to our calendar. Check out everything coming up! Slumbrew tomorrow (Friday 11/8) from 5-7pm! http://craftbeercellar.com/locations/ma/newton/events.php, Long Trail Brewing Tasting - starting NOW! Until 7pm, Free tasting tonight! 5-7pm Long Trail Brewing will be tasting their delicious brews. Come swing in and chat beer with us!, Just hanging out with the #neighbors. #beergeek Jim Koch from Samuel Adams came in to visit and chat about the future of #craftbeer  Cheers!, Backlash Outbreak is now in! Check out the rest... Quantity limits apply. #CBCdeliveryday Here are the Massachusetts brews. Backlash Beer Co. Idle Hands Craft Ales Mystic Brewery Jack's Abby Brewing, Special order for a customer today: 14 custom seasonal 12-packs. This was fun!!, Feeling chilly today? Come warm yourself up with a delicious Porter or Stout!, Big news from The Alchemist - must have been a very difficult decision to make, all with good reason!  Hopefully this opens the door for exciting things to come! http://www.alchemistbeer.com/a-difficult-decision/, But there's one sound, that no one knows..., Sycamore. killing it! Come to Newton Centre for dinner, and pick out some of your favorite beers after at Craft Beer Cellar - open until 10pm every night!, OH. MY. GAWD. LOOK at what we just got in this morning! All new stuff to CBC Newton!, Open noon-6pm today... Come stock up for some football! Have you made all your fantasy trades yet?, Oh hello there! Beer Geek Caitlin G.'s choice of the night. Cheers! Dogfish Head Beer, Did you know that today is American Homebrewers Association Learn to Homebrew Day? We proudly offer the gorgeous Hopbox Brew Kits if you've got the #homebrew itch!

Not quite ready to brew at home (or just looking for a fun evening out)? Give our friends at Hopsters Brew & Boards a ring to schedule a brew day!, "What’s T-accessible, chock full of beer, launching this week, and 70 degrees all over? If you said “Craft Beer Cellar in Newton,” fire up a chicken dinner because you are CORRECT." -AmericanCraftBeer.com: http://bit.ly/16suoqR, Guldenberg, a Belgian Tripel from Brewery De Ranke. If you like flavors of candied fruit and spice, with delicious yeasty-ness, then this is for you. Rated 94 on BA, 8.5ABV. Yummm, Freshies! Some of the new stuff from The People's Pint, Aspall (The official page) & Dogfish Head Beer that came in yesterday. Some more new beers coming this afternoon!, Happy Birthday to Craft Beer Cellar Braintree's Kay. Hope it's a great one! Beers at your place soon?, Firestone Walker Brewing Co. in the house... David Walker pouring!, Firestone Walker tasting tonight from 5-7pm, with special guest - David Walker. Don't miss this!, null, No tricks, just treats here! Yes, this is from today., Oh, y'know, just welcoming in Firestone Walker Brewing Co.'s own David Walker (Co-Founder of FW) for tonight's tasting from 5-7pm. NBD.

*cough* Firestone Walker was just named Mid-Size Brewing Company of the Year at the Great American Beer Festival... AGAIN! *cough*

So yeah, NBD., Are these awesome or what?! Thanks Maureen!, Huge thanks to Brian from Left Hand Brewing Company for coming in earlier. Now it's Boston Brownie Company and Peak Organic Brewing time (4-6pm). Do we spy Kay from Craft Beer Cellar Braintree as well?!

Come on in before the Red Sox game!, The doors are open, the music is bumping, high-5s are free all day, and we've got mad tastings with Left Hand Brewing Company, Boston Brownie Company, Peak Organic Brewing, and Oskar Blues Brewery going on later today!

Thank you for all your support and well wishes. We are here for you!

#madluv, Hand-bottled, hand-labeled, hand-dated, hand-delivered, hand... awesome! Watch City Brewing Co officially has the freshest beer in our store with same day bottling and delivery! Also, can't be found anywhere else except for at CBC right now. Come get some freshies!, Have you seen our walls yet?, Our cooler is a little full... Can you help us empty it?, Upcoming tastings... 4 tomorrow!, Stone Faces. (Get it?), Collectors Item, Maine Lunch... See you Wednesday morning at 10am!, Top Shelf take-over! #funwithcolors Night Shift Brewing, Part of our massive Belgian section!, Part of our display barrel for Massachusetts., On the shelf!, If you're reading this... You like delicious beer. Give yourself a high-five!, Did you know... Once open, we will have a live page on our site listing EVERY beer in stock! But before we open, write us a wall post to check on your favorite beer. We'll take a picture and post back! Ready? Go!, "Oh, this is the start of something good. Don't you agree?" More pics coming tomorrow!, Beer friends... We'll be kicking it at the Wine Riot this weekend.  Probably the most fun way to taste wine we've seen! https://secondglass.com/event-categories/wineriot/boston-2013-fall/

Hurry up, it's gonna sell out!, Big News Today: official OPENING day is Wednesday Oct 30 at 10am! Come see us! 1243 Centre St, Newton Centre
Deliveries all week..., "Secrets, secrets, are no fun... Secrets, secrets, hurt someone"... OK OK - it's official, we had our first delivery today! Get ready Newton, we open NEXT WEEK!, Happy Friday everyone! Next week, we will be locking down our official open date! Hint: it's definitely in October. Stay tuned..., #research, Late night painting projects!, Visited the guys in the Westford location today, killin' it! 142 Littleton Rd, Westford., Chouffe-Fest! Cyclorama., Yeah Westy!, Ready for inspections! Electric, Fire, and Building over the next 4 days. Wish us luck!, Whoa! Are those aisles that are forming? Yes, I believe they are!, Check-out counter in pre-stain phase., Barrel wall is finished... Looks amazing!, Head over to the flagship today! Yea Belmont!, We get by with a little help from our friends..., ::applause::, For the rest of us who don't have "Auto-Brewery Syndrome"... We open our doors Mid-October in Newton Centre! 

http://www.wcvb.com/health/texas-man-gets-drunk-on-beer-brewed-in-own-stomach/-/9848730/21998758/-/l44eev/-/index.html, Good times with Mayflower..., Early Sunday delivery! Sneak peek into our design..., The next 4 weeks are going to move SO FAST!, Cooler pieces delivered!, Productive Sunday! Moving some of the old Griplock shelving to make way for the cooler coming this week!, #bottlingline, Spent the day with our friends at the Mayflower Brewery today. #deliciousday, What's the difference between a Beer Geek and a Beer Snob, you ask?  Here's your answer!, Everything is on track for an October opening!  Check out the FULL patch article that came out Thursday night: 
http://newton.patch.com/groups/business-news/p/more-details-on-the-craft-beer-cellars-newton-centre-location, Mismatched brewery + beer... But at least they're both small and fun! (And delicious!), Don't mind if we do..., Nice 6-pack!, Here we come!  http://newton.patch.com/groups/business-news/p/qa-with-the-beer-geek-bringing-craft-beer-to-newton-centre, Thanks to our friends over at Trillium Brewery!, Sneak Peek! 3D design mock-ups. Getting the prospective beer geek staff excited with walk throughs!, Research at the Biltmore!, This should be fun!  Who's ready to brew?, Craft Beer Cellar Newton is Hiring Beer Geeks!, Fun infographic: Business of Craft Beer - http://ow.ly/n5thW, Success! Passed our public hearing with "enthusiastic yes" votes! On to state approval next. Thanks to everyone for all the support! Good beer is coming to Newton :-), Our Public Hearing with the City of Newton will be this Tuesday July 16, at 7:30PM - Newton City Hall, Second Floor. We're stoked!, FYI, we are aiming for a Fall 2013 opening - likely September., Hooray!  http://newton.patch.com/announcements/specialty-craft-beer-shop-to-open-in-newton-centre, null)