List(Hey, I know that guy!, DeAndre Liggins is 28?! Has it really been that long since I coached him?? Happy birthday, DeAndre. Hope you have a great one., Incredible stuff. In my mind he was also the national player of the year too. Congrats also go out to Jamal for making the AP All-America Third Team. Two special players., I'll say it again: What this group did this season was incredible. Every player got way better. GREAT video., Happy Easter to all the #BBN across the country. Please remember how blessed we've all been and pass those blessings along to others., Had dinner with Terrence Jones and now watching a game with one of my favorites, Julius Mays., Great night for Willie Cauley-Stein, who had a career-high 26 points, six rebounds, three steals and two blocks last night. And how about Julius Randle with his first triple-double? Thirteen points, 18 rebounds and 10 assists!, Calling all of the #BBN: We need you to pack Rupp Arena tomorrow for UK Hoops. Let's help Coach Mitchell and the Cats on to the Elite Eight. To get your tickets, head to http://bit.ly/1WLZ7qI., Just so you know, having every kid put their name in the draft is about all players getting the right information. Players not invited to the combine know what that means. Players invited to the combine and told to go back to school know what that means. As I said, it's a win-win for the student athletes. I like the rule., Met with our team today. Told them that during the season it’s about the team and sacrificing for each other – which they did this year. When the season’s over, it’s about each individual player and what’s right for them and their families. With that being said, every player who is eligible for the draft, including our walk-ons, will submit their names to the NBA Draft in hopes of being invited to the combine in May. The new rule states they can submit their name a total of three times. If they choose to withdraw, they have until 10 days after the combine. It’s a true win-win for the student-athlete., Happy birthday, EJ!!! #BBN, do your thing and let's all wish him a happy one., Wow, what a win for Matthew Mitchell and the Kentucky Women's Basketball team!!! On to the Sweet 16. Let's show them our support and pack Rupp Arena on Friday., Nancyetta Palumbo made my first homemade Italian meal when I came to Lexington. I'm so saddened to hear she has passed away. Nancyetta, Joey and Jennifer are all in my prayers tonight. #BBN, please say one for them as well., Proud of your growth throughout the year. Happy birthday, Skal!, Monsignor Chiodo at St. Anthony's Catholic Church gave me the history of the Italian heritage in Des Moines this morning. Similar to my own family. Pretty cool. To all the Irish out there, happy St. Patrick's Day., I'm growing to love Iowa even more. I meet Mike Marasco, whose family owned the building of the Italian-American Cultural Center., Proud of Pierre Henderson-Niles. With us in Des Moines!, Leaving mass in Iowa and came across this. I knew there was something about Iowa I loved. They sent us to the right region., Happy 27th birthday to Patrick Patterson. You helped us get this started!, Anthony Davis is only 23 today? WHAT?! Crazy. Happy birthday to Anthony., Father Jim had these blessed by Pope Francis for Ellen and me. THANK YOU!!!, Friend of mine sent me this: "Opinion is really the lowest form of human knowledge. It requires no accountability, no understanding. The highest form of knowledge is empathy, for it requires us to suspend our egos and live in another’s world. It requires profound purpose larger than the self kind of understanding." I know you all think there is some meaning behind that. There isn't. I do know when you throw a rock in a pack of dogs, one will yelp., Coach Hall and Dale Brown, two legends and two friends and mentors., Congratulations to Tyler and Jamal. Both have gotten better and better as the season has gone on., Bruiser Flint is my brother and a class act, He's a great leader who will lead another program soon! #LaFamilia, Malik Monk in the state finals, and Sacha Killeya-Jones won state title yesterday!!, Bam and mom. Can't wait to coach him!!, Just got off the treadmill. Thinking about this game today, it's going to be a war. Going to need the #BBN in a big way. The last five minutes, I'm asking that everyone watching stand and help us finish it out. Whether you're in Rupp Arena, at home watching on TV or listening on the radio, we need all of you to stand and take us home., We have Senior Day for Alex Poythress on Saturday at 2 p.m. on CBS. #BBN, let's get there early, ROAR loud and wear BLUE. #WeAreUK, Can't wait to coach Wenyen Gabriel next year. He's a wing/guard and the sky's the limit. Keep working hard!, I heard last night that Devin Booker became the second NBA rookie with multiple 30-point games this season. I wonder who the other one was? Karl Anthony Towns, With Asa Hutchinson, the governor of Arkansas., #BBN, join me in wishing Scott Mair, our team doctor and the best in the business, a happy birthday today., It’s Ray Higgins’ (my father-in-law) birthday. He’s recovering from triple bypass surgery from a few weeks ago. Keep those prayers coming. Happy birthday, Ray. Hope you're feeling better!, Wow!!! This is big time. Congratulations to Alex., Great message from the Navy SEALs I sent to the players today: "If I feel like I'm done, I'm only 40 percent done. Make me uncomfortable!" Mental toughness and confidence!!!, Love it. They've got my votes. And not bad, #BBN. Not bad at all., Trey Lyles double-double tonight. Tweaked his game!, #BBN, I'm filming one more episode of The Mailbag this week. Ask me a question here and I may answer it in the next episode on CoachCal.com., Joe Fryz, my high school teammate. He was my big brother when I was a sophomore. THE BEST!!, Registration for the 2016 Father/Son and Overnight camps is now OPEN. You know how quickly spots fill up, so register now! Father/Son Camps will be held June 10-11, June 17-18 and June 24-25. Overnight Camps will be June 12-15 and June 19-22. This year's campers will be staying in the new dorms on campus and eating at our new dining facility. Much-improved!, Jamal's birthday today!!! When was the last time I had someone average their age in points? Happy birthday, Jamal!, Always great seeing my sons. Thanks to Marcus Camby for coming to the game to support our guys., And he took the fourth-most shots on our 2012 team. Maybe I should have let him shoot it more. LOL!!!, Players couldn’t understand why I wasn’t mad about the loss yesterday. They’ve never seen me this way after a game like that. It’s really simple: I feel really good about the game because our kids fought. They fought and put us in a position to win and things happened out of their control. Can’t be mad at that. We’re getting better. Now we have to figure out, if Derek can’t play, how do we play?, Took communion this morning for the oldest active Committee of 101 member and huge UK fan John Walters. Keep him in your prayers, #BBN., It's Erin's birthday today! I can remember racing Ellen to Magee hospital in Pittsburgh 29 years ago! She came into this world walking and talking!, We have unclaimed student tickets available for the next two home games for $25 online. Use the offer code: THANKS, Just left mass and had communion for my father-in -law, Ray Higgins. He had triple bypass surgery. #BBN, prayers are powerful so please send!, I get emotional seeing this. It’s about love, respect and admiration for one another. They all wore the same uni. #UKBrotherhood, KAT the first big to win the Skills Challenge. He always tried to convince me he could play point guard!!! Now it's on Devin. Time to make some 3s., I have never been more proud of a team. They are now empowered. They've proven that they dont need me and I love it., Talked to Michael Kidd-Gilchrist yesterday. Bad break for a great person and a great player. He's a future All-Star. Speaking of All-Stars, DeMarcus Cousins, John Wall and Anthony Davis are all in Sunday's game. Karl Anthony Towns, Trey Lyles and Devin Booker are in the Rinsing Stars Challenge. Nerlens Noel was selected but is injured. Devin is in the Three-Point Contest and Karl, Boogie and Anthony are in the Skills Challenge. UK reunion in Toronto!, #BBN, the Overnight and Father/Son camps are getting an upgrade this summer. We're eating at The 90 and no more Kirwan-Blanding dorms. The three Father/Son camps will be June 10-11, June 17-18 and June 24-25. Overnight camps will be June 12-15 and June 19-22. Registration is not open yet, but mark your calendars for those dates. Stay tuned for more info on when registration opens., Brad sent this and said happy birthday! Where's the time gone?!, Thanks to our friends at Central Bank for making this available for tonight., Mark Oliverio and his family. So happy they were here for today's game., So happy Grant Shouse and his family could watch us today. Watching a UK practice was on Grant's bucket list., With Michael Safoschnik, a New York police officer and a friend of Cameron Mills who I heard couldn't wait to see practice today., Excited about the new look Nike has provided us. Nike is the gold standard and they’ve done great work to help us build our look for the future., Happy birthday, Malik Monk! Keep working hard, kid. Looking forward to coaching you., Reggie Warford and his wife, Marisa, came by to watch practice today. Reggie was the first black basketball player to graduate from UK. Reggie was on staff with me when I was at Pitt. Great, great guy., Michael Kidd-Gilchrist second game back goes for 19 points, 12 rebounds, 3 assists. A healthy MKG = all-star. By the way, another double-double by KAT. Crazy., Happy birthday to my dad, Vince. Still going strong. Always a grinder, always a gatherer. Love you, Dad., Was driving around campus last night with John Robic, who also started his career at Kansas. We drove by the Wheel in honor of Dr. Woo. Started to go in but too many students. It all brings back great memories. Over 30 years ago. Where did the time go?, One of the great ADs of all-time, Bob Marcum. From Iowa State to Kansas, to South Carolina, to UMass, to Marshall, his alma mater. Bob made it happen for young people and coaches at every stop., Every building we go to is a T-shirt night. Whiteout. Blackout. You name it. Tomorrow may be the first time we'll have multiple colors., Max Falkenstien was the longtime radio guy for Kansas. He was here when I was 30 years ago! Glad they honored him with a banner., I bet Kansas is happy this guy's not coaching tomorrow. He was 12-1 against them! Amazing stuff., How about the play of Derek Willis, #BBN? I filmed a new episode of The Mailbag on some of the pleasant surprises from the first half of the season. Check it out., Trying to get our guys to box out this low!!! Good form, Brad., Congrats to John Wall, DeMarcus Cousins and Anthony Davis on making the NBA All-Star Game. Got a feeling we'll have a few more in the coming years., #BBN, I'm auctioning off my Coaches vs. Cancer shoes from last night. Full proceeds go to the American Cancer Society. Also included with the signed shoes are two lower-level tickets to our game against Georgia, Feb. 9. The Calipari Foundation will match up to $5,000 on the bid. Bidding closes Feb. 4!, With Karen Whitney, president of Clarion, and Jim Geiger, VP for advancement., #BBN, help Josh Bowen and Surgery on Sunday for Sweat4Surgeries, a 24-hour fitness event starting this Friday (1/29) at 6 p.m. and running until 6 p.m. Saturday (1/30). A class will start on the hour every hour and you can sign up for one class, two classes or as many as you would like. Each class is $20 and for students it is $10 (with school ID). They are 60 percent toward their goal of raising $20,000. Register at www.sweat4surgeries.dojiggy.com. If you can’t attend, donations are accepted as well. The event will be held inside Aspire Fitness, 130 W Tiverton Way Suite 125., Wow, great advice for coaching at Kentucky! I wish Winston was alive today so I could ask him: "What about the dogs chasing you? Can you throw rocks at them?" LOL!!!, Talked with Dickie V. He was very impressed with our defense, pace of game and teamwork. Putting players in the right positions is a part of this. I'm still trying to figure this team out, be patient with me., D-Cuz 48 points?! Really, KAT? Ballin. Archie Goodwin 20-plus in two straight, plus the game-winner last night. I'll stop there ..., So good to see Tom Brown, my high school coach from my sophomore year., My roommate from UNC-Wilmington, Dennis Tobin!, I'm a few days late on this but wanted to wish Kevin Massey a belated happy birthday. What a blessing he's been to all of us., My good friend John Maxwell said there three ways to change your thinking, especially when it's stinkin' thinkin'!! 1. Big-picture thinking. 2. Creative thinking. 3. Reflective thinking. All change you mentally and change your mood. It has helped me!, Eddie Sutton, a longtime friend and a great coach. Glad I got to spend time with him after the game., It’s late, but I’ve been thinking about Martin Luther King, Jr. and his impact, and wanted to share some thoughts. I try to tell my team that they should feel a sense of responsibility for all those before them who risked their lives to make the world a better place. We’ve come a long way and still have a ways to go, but with the right mentality we can continue to make progress., Congratulations to Bam, De'Aaron, Sacha and Malik on making the McDonald's All-American Game! Well-deserved. All having great senior seasons., Woooooow!!! Jomo and his team are incredible. Truly a gold standard. #WeAreUK, #BBN, it's that time of the year again. Vote for your favorite #NBACats on Twitter with the hashtag #NBAVote to see them play in the NBA All-Star Game. Voting ends Monday night, so vote early and vote often. Let's get our guys in the All-Star Game., You all know how I feel about Marvin. Last week was a no-win for me!! But The Pittsburgh Steelers are still alive so ... #HereWeGo, Tough guy getting on covers. Karl Anthony Towns in the bottom right corner also. Kentucky sells magazines., Arthur Barclay, new state assemblyman for the fifth district of NJ!  Proud of you OG!!!, I want to thank Josh Bowen for changing lives in this community. #BBN, help those in need of health care in Kentucky. Join Surgery on Sunday and Aspire Fitness for Sweat4Surgeries, a 24-hour Fitness-a-Thon to raise $20,000 that will provide 66 surgeries for uninsured Kentuckians. It's a fun, fitness event where you can train one hour, two hours or 24 hours to improve your health and help those in need. It starts at 6 p.m. on Friday, Jan. 29, and finishes at 6 p.m. on Saturday, Jan. 30 at Aspire Fitness, 130 W Tiverton Way Suite 125 off Nicholasville Road. To register, go to www.sweat4surgeries.dojiggy.com., You may have heard me say this before: I absolutely have the best coaching job in sports and I plan on being here a long time.
I am not negotiating with ANYBODY. My total focus is on this team and winning the next game., Jersey Red passed today. A character who's time at Kentucky is well documented. He lived life his way! Jersey Red kept us all smiling yet looked after his friends. #BBN, please pray for him and his family., Two of my biggest supporters and friends!, The SEC is always a grind. This week in The Mailbag I talk about what our focus is in league play., #BBN, my job as a coach is to transform and move a team toward its best version. The players have to trust, and the coach has to create a culture of what's acceptable and what isn't, and then the team moves forward. I believe in this team of players. We have to work toward empowering them. THAT'S ON ME! It's a process., What's better than one birthday? Two! Happy birthday to Tyler and Isaac, our shortest and tallest players. Brownies waiting for you in Lex., #BBN, please say a prayer for longtime friend of the program Bobby Flynn, who took a spill today. Ellen and I plan to visit him in the hospital tomorrow. Please pray for a speedy recovery., With Emily Giffin, author of "Something Borrowed," and her son, George., My second try was much better. Again don't try this at home. DONT DO IT!!!!, Old people should not try this. 😀, New Year's Eve with Brad in the gym!, Happy New Year, #BBN!  My hope is that the past year was rewarding and this year a true blessing for you and yours! Pope Francis said if you create opportunities for others you create opportunities for yourself. Let's all commit to that mindset! It brings joy to our lives!, Took a break from Camp Cal to answer a couple questions from The Mailbag on Dom and Tyler. Check it out:, We had two hard practices today. I'm getting soft though. Giving them OFF tonight. Tomorrow back at it!!, Two good sessions today. Off to see Bam play De'Aaron in North Carolina. KP and Robes have the evening session. Keep grinding! Love it!, Happy belated birthday to John Y. Brown, Jr. our former governor and a great friend to me, the program and university., Off to radio show after our second practice today and dinner. Then it's on to number three., null, I've said it before and I'll say it again: Every one of my players is on their own timetable. Kids grow at their own pace and shouldn't be judged by anyone else's timetable. We're here to serve these kids and help them reach their dreams. Ultimately they've got to do it, but if anyone wants to attack one of my kids personally, they won't be welcomed here. Evaluating guys is one thing, personal attacks are another. These are young kids and they deserve better., #BBN, we need more questions for the Mailbag. Ask me questions here and I may answer them in future Mailbag episodes., I told you we weren't very good! LOL. Merry Christmas!, Had a spirited practice this afternoon. Afterwards we had dinner with 10 families from the Lexington area. The players gave out gifts and sang carols. They weren't very good but it was really funny. We are back at it tonight at 8., Getting away from my team the last two days gave me a chance to really think. I asked myself, if we would have closed out that game and won, would I have felt differently? No, because our challenges haven't changed. Now the question becomes, how do we start moving forward? This is a good basketball team that will have a chance in every game we play. We've got to teach them winning time/situational basketball and the role that grit plays in this. It's a process, and you can't skip steps. Time to get back to basics, and all that in the face of playing a really good Louisville team. These are challenges that excite me., We put a new episode of The Mailbag on the site today. This week I answer questions about what I'd like for Christmas and how I keep negativity out during tough times. Check it out, #BBN., #BBN, make sure you wish De'Aaron Fox, The General, a happy birthday today., Had to stop at st pats. Great feeling. Prayed for family/friends!, My two dear friends and two of my strongest advocates, Ron Nathan and Marty Jacobson., Look who's on campus, #BBN! Welcome Tai to Kentucky., Unbelievable night. Ellen and I can't thank everyone enough for the memories. Tonight was the celebration of an era., Dave Bischoff gave Ellen and I our first opportunity., So many great memories from the 90s at this place., John Kennedy, who funded the UMass basketball practice facility. The best I've seen!, Leaving my home away from home in Boston, The Colonnade, and heading to my old home in Amherst! Go UMass and Go Big Blue!, What made last night so special was seeing all the faces that helped build what we did at UMass. It was about relationships and about people. Having the guys back and knowing what they’ve done and how they feel about this place, it made for an unbelievable night., How about this cake?! My family is gonna eat the book tonight!!, With DK, Nicole and Ellen., Celebrating an era., Great UMass event. 250 at dinner with former players talking about their experience. Big time! We are having a blast., #BBN, still looking for that great Christmas present for a friend or a family member? "Let's Ball" seems like a pretty good idea to me. Exclusive behind-the-scenes content from the historic 14-15 team that you'll get nowhere else., I just want to tell you how appreciative I am that UMass would bring back these uniforms for its game Wednesday. The original design was by my good friend John Gilmore. Looks great!, Players first. People first. It's our legacy. 

If you think in terms of a year, it's WIN; if in terms of 10 years, it's the PROGRAM; if in terms of 100 years, it's about the PLAYERS., I'm really proud and honored to being going back to UMass this week as they honor an era. It's not about me or individual players - it's about that era. I was so blessed to be at UMass at an early stage in my career as we built a foundation focused on family, excellence and players first. No one steals the joy of that time! I can't wait to get there., With Jonathan Martin and his family. Jonathan is a New York Times reporter., I was just thinking, I'm yelling at kids for NOT shooting the ball or being ready to shoot it. Where was I back when I played??, With Ed Henry after the game., Wow!!! What a win for UK Hoops and Matthew Mitchell. And how about Makayla Epps?! She was ballin' tonight., #BBN, there's a new Mailbag episode up on CoachCal.com where I answer questions on what keeps me motivated, and I talk about how much time our team spends together as a family. Watch here:, Learned at Mass this morning that it’s the anniversary of Thomas Merton’s death. Thomas was  monk from Gethsemani near Bardstown, Ky. I have visited the monastery a couple times, and if you want to read of an amazing life, Google Thomas Merton. You’ll read about peace, about race relations and about bringing religions together. All the things we’re dealing with today, he dealt with in the 1960s. By the way, Merton spent time at St. Bonaventure in New York. I plan on visiting his steps there., Joe Craft and Kelly Knight representing UK at the new governor's inauguration., Happy birthday to Eric Bledsoe, who is playing like an all-star this year!, You win or you learn. WE LEARNED. Time to get back to work. Time to get better. Let's figure this out!, My good friend Jerry Schilling, he and GK, were two of Elvis' best friends., I talked to Derrick Rose this morning for a while. What a great person. What a great basketball player. What a hard worker. I can’t imagine Chicago has a player that works harder than D-Rose. He's grown so much since the first time I saw him play. There is no doubt in my mind he's getting closer and closer to being 100 percent. That spells trouble for the rest of the league. LOL, by the way, neither one of us like needles., We're on Pacific Time out here in LA so it's not too late to wish Brandon Knight a happy birthday. Happy birthday, B-Knight!, Tyler practiced today but was limited. His elbow's still a little tender. He looked OK but he's still day to day. We'll see about tomorrow., Had a good time at the FS1 studios. Same studio where we shot "The Best Damn Sports Show Period" back in the day. Got a chance to catch up with Shannon Sharpe before we left. Looks like he could still play. Now time for practice. Time to get better., #BBN, it's a new season of The Mailbag. In our first episode of the year, I talk about getting guys to buy in and which player would make the best coach., Ellen also agreed to do the Y for her birthday. She's gone from Mrs. No to  Mrs. Yes, I'll do whatever you ask me., I really appreciate the players taking brownies to Ellen on her birthday. As you know, that's her gift to every player who has been in this program., We're going to hold Tyler out for tonight. He'll be fine but want to make sure he's 100 percent before he goes back out there. He wants to play., It's my wife's birthday today!  She's getting better with age. A great wife and great mother to my children and sons! I also want to wish Coach Hall and Allison Peevy a happy birthday today. Special day for birthdays., Congratulations to Matthew Mitchell on his 200th victory at Kentucky. Getting it done!, #BBN, join me in wishing Joel Justus happy birthday. Joel has been an unbelievable addition to our staff. Doing great things for our program., It's Julius Randle's 21st bday. OMG. I'm having red velvet cake in his honor and his mom, Carolyn., Two of Kentucky's finest., Riley Baldridge did a great job of singing "My Old Kentucky Home.", Wow. At the game with Papa, Kent, Joe and the Governor. Alliance Coal, Papa John's, Texas Roadhouse, the Governor and that other guy!!!, Thanks to Christ the King for having a mass for my mom on Friday. It's been six years today? I miss her every day., Who does this remind you of???, My old friend Mark Fisher and our team at Thanksgiving dinner. We have so much to be thankful for. Happy Thanksgiving!, Not only did the players sing Happy Birthday to Kenny, they also got him this., It's Kenny Payne's birthday! Great coach, teacher and mentor with a big heart! Players sang to him on bus!, To a friend, to a mentor, to one of my presenters at the HOF, I thank you. What Pat Riley did for our team today, and the message he gave, all I can say is amazing. As a player, as a coach and as an executive, Pat Riley will go down as the best-ever to do all three., After a Hall of Fame career as a college and NBA player, Alonzo Mourning has now added to that legacy by making an impact on kids' lives at the Overtown Youth Center., Unbelievable time at the Overtown Youth Center. What a rewarding experience for our guys to be able to give back., Hey #BBN, how about Devin Booker getting the start for the Suns tonight!, It was great seeing Sacha today at practice. I saw Wenyen scrimmage last week and Bam play Saturday. Oh, and I've been listening to this album on the road., It's my baby girls birthday today. I can still remember walking into practice after leaving hospital and saying, "There's nothing you can do today to make me mad!" Love you Megan!, #BBN, it's that time of year again. I'll be going through The Mailbag soon, so ask me anything you'd like here on my Facebook page and then check back at my website to see if I answered your question., Today is Jerry Colangelo's birthday. His accomplishments in our game are unparalleled. A good man whose friendship I appreciate., #BBN, welcome our newest group of Wildcats. You are going to love this group! One of the things I loved about this group is they all want to play together. This recruiting wasn’t just coming from me and my staff; this whole group wanted to play together and wants to be one of the best groups ever. Every player in this class is different. They all have their own strengths. They all bring something to the table. They’re all different and they’re all concerned with being the best version of themselves. As we bring this all together, I’m excited., One of the great teammates of all time, Derrick Rose. His son is 3. If I'm still coaching in 14 years, that's my point guard. #LaFamilia, Brandon Brandon Knight with his first career triple-double last night! He and Eric Bledsoe are playing like all-stars for the Suns!, 109 points and 32 rebounds for DeMarcus Cousins in the last three games. Are you kidding me? Those are MVP numbers if they keep winning. If you wonder how I stay up with all my NBA players, the first thing I look at every morning is a summary on how our guys did and how their teams did. Then I move on with the work at hand. Wouldn't you want to know how your son did if you couldn't make it to the game?, Charles Matthews' birthday today and also Karl Anthony Towns. No brownies for you, Karl, but in another year you’ll be 21. Happy birthday to both!, So happy Megan Thacker and Chris Rogers could come by shootaround and attend to the game tonight. Megan is a fighter!, #BBN, Isaiah is out for tonight's game with a bruised knee. We hope to get him back for tomorrow., And so Karl Anthony Towns doesn't pout, I better tell you he had ANOTHER double-double last night! LOL, Trey Lyles got his first NBA start last night. Yeah! Eric Bledsoe went for 29-10-9 while Brandon Knight had 37 points. Crazy!, With Ed Allin, who played for Coach Rupp in the 1940s. Wow!!!, It's my baby boy's birthday. So proud of the young man he is becoming. Love you, son!!!, Birthday present. Governor says he's 60!!!, Dr. Palmer with the governor getting his pardon!!, Ellen and I appreciate all their hard work for our state. GREAT JOB!, Farewell dinner at the mansion with the Governor, First Lady and friends!, One of our harder practices of the year. All body to body. Stretched them out to see where we can go. No one let go of the rope even though a few were right at the end., Chuck Gerber, the force behind the creation of the SEC Network and one of the most talented men I've ever met, passed away last night. Prayers and thoughts to his family., Congratulations to Johan and the UK men's soccer team on their Conference USA championship!, You have to read Mike Lupica's new novel Fast Break for young readers. It's about a 12-year-old point guard overcoming the odds. Mike's sold 5 million books like this. Wow., Orange Leaf in Richmond is having a fund raiser for Officer Ellis, who was shot yesterday. Yeah OL!!! Way to go!, Happy 20th birthday to Trey Lyles. Can't wait to watch you grow at the next level!, One of my captains from Memphis back in the day, Arthur Barclay, won a seat on the New Jersey state Assembly in the 5th District. Congrats, Arthur!, Watching basketball with the master. We walked in and I overheard someone say, "Who's that with Mr. Gatton?", Make note, #BBN., My dad and one of my sons. #Family, I wanted to share with you a letter that reminded me of the values my sisters and I were raised with by my mom. My mom passed away in November of 2010, so this time of year is always a time of reflection for me, personally. We don’t always know why we respond to situations the way we do, or how we’re influenced. This letter helped me., Jacob Murray from Osceola, where Ellen is from!, Looking forward to practice tomorrow morning with the Coaches' Clinic. Spots still available for walk-ins., Talked to Karl Anthony Towns earlier today. The youngest player ever to start his career with back-to-back double-doubles. He said I held him back., Congrats to Keeneland staff. What a great job. Five-star. Food was great too. 

Now on my way to our second practice. I'm jacked. Congrats to American Pharoah. #GrandSlam, Congrats to American Pharoah! I gave him a good luck pet before the race., With Hall of Famer Bob Baffert and his son Bode. Congrats, my friend. What a coach., Having a blast at the Breeder's Cup., With Elliott Walden of WinStar  and Hall of Fame trainer Todd Pletcher at Keeneland for the Breeder's Cup., #BBN, a must-have book is out about our 2009-10 team! It's called "One and Fun." Great read on what got this all started., #BBN, let's wish one of the best young shooters in the league, Devin Booker, a happy birthday. Great NBA debut for Book Wednesday night., I've gotten a ton of calls about my dad. He's doing really well to his point. He feels good and starts rehab in three days. He told me to let everyone know he appreciates all the prayers., Why do they grow after they leave me?????, It's my good friend and mentor Bob Marcum's birthday today. He turns 79. Bob is one of the great athletic directors of all-time., Anyone in the #BBN know who is older, Aaron or Andrew? Be sure to wish them both happy birthday today!, My father, the best grinder/gatherer I've ever met, is having bypass surgery tomorrow. IF I make it to 80, I hope I look like him. Please keep him in your prayers., Congrats to Kelsey Saylor of Corbin, Ky., and Jordan Evers from Richmond, Va, on winning the #BlueWhite scholarships! Both will put them to good use., We're all North Americans!, #BBN, don't forget, I'll pay the in-state spring tuition for two lucky UK students at tonight's Blue-White Game., Keeneland was at its best yesterday for the post-position draw. 2,000 strong! And the food was great., Good luck to all our guys as they begin their NBA seasons this week. #SucceedAndProceed, #BBN, still spots available in Sunday's Coaches' Clinic, but they're going fast. Sign up here:, #BBN, we’re selling signed copies of Players First again in the main lobby of Rupp Arena for $20 on Tuesday before the Blue-White Scrimmage. All proceeds go to The Calipari Foundation!, Let me thank all the women at yesterday's Women's Clinic. Young and old alike, some with matching shirts, some came from long distance, but all come to celebrate Kentucky basketball. Kind of switched up the format a bit this year but several hundred still stuck around and watched practice. Thanks to Shannon Spake and Jennifer Palumbo for helping out., Want to say thank you to Rafferty's, United Way, Kennedy's Wildcat Den, Allsports, Alumni Hall, K Fund, the Committee of 101 and Pieratt's for their help with the Women's Clinic this year., This is what was left in our team meeting room from the women at the clinic. These ladies love their Cats., Over 750 people. Waiting outside since 7 a.m. Great time at the Women's Clinic!, Loved the creativity with the matching outfits at this year's Women's Clinic., At the Women's Clinic and I just heard that Flip Saunders passed away. Flip was one of the great basketball minds and an even better person. Praying for him and his family., With Ronnie Shartzer. So sorry to hear about his loss but glad he decided to join us for our practice this evening., Happy Birthday to October's Very Own! You should see the video I sent Drake for his bday. Wild!!  He's still not 30?!?, Also had the honor of speaking with Kentucky National Guard troops this morning. Can't thank them enough for what they do. The ultimate servant leadership., Amazing morning. Tom and Jan Lewis are helping set up the Lewis Honors College with a $23 million gift, the largest ever for UK., I already texted Karl Anthony Towns and told him it doesn't make our Sports Illustrated wall. #WrongUni, Everywhere I look, it's one eyebrow., Wasn't too long ago these guys were getting ready for the college basketball season. #BBM15, I must be nervous about the start of a new season and Big Blue Madness tonight. I walked into Rupp Arena and left my car running. #BBM15, Lastly, I've never done this before, but if you want to read about a great man of character, go to this link., I went to Royce Pulliam Sr.'s funeral. I got to hug his wife, who sends me great notes, and as I was leaving town I saw this sign., Jason Dufner stopped by practice today. We'll forgive him for being an Auburn fan. After all, he is an Auburn grad., #BBN, we’re selling signed copies of Players First in the main lobby of Rupp Arena at #BBM15 for $20. All proceeds go to The Calipari Foundation!, Working on my Madness address. Less than 500 words. This will be my shortest address, but hopefully the most powerful., Everyone join me in wishing my good friend and proud UK alum Joe Craft a happy birthday today!, Royce Pulliam's dad, Royce Sr. from Cythiana, passed away this morning. Our state lost a good man. #BBN, please keep my good friend in your prayers., This is playing with pressure. This is when you learn about yourself. This is when you can be honest about where you have to go., Just finished up #UKPractice. Wish we could have done this when I coached these three. They could get buckets!!!!, One hour until our open practice on ESPNU. #BBN, I think you are going to enjoy., I’m happy Derek's injury isn't something that will keep him out very long, but I’m disappointed because I really wanted him to participate in tomorrow’s open practice. It’s nothing serious and he will be back in a couple weeks, but I’m disappointed for him because he had been doing so well. He deserved to show his stuff tomorrow. He’s made great strides and will bounce back from this., Headed to second practice today. Getting better, feeling encouraged. #UKPractice tomorrow on ESPNU from 7-9 p.m. All 30 NBA teams in the house!, Really proud to be working with Tempur-Pedic and Sleep Outfitters. Tempur-Pedic employs over 470 people on our Coldstream Research Campus. Worldwide company based here in Lexington. Taking care of many families! Sleep Outfitters moved their corporate office to Lexington last month and has helped thousands sleep better for over 30 years!, Wow!!!! Had a chance to watch the full thing a few weeks ago. Reminded me how special that group was.  You will want to watch this, #BBN. It will be available for fans on Tuesday. Full details at bit.ly/Lets-Ball-Coming-Soon., Congrats to Coach Skinner and Kentucky Volleyball on its recent run. Eight in a row, first place in the SEC and getting it done. I’ll be stopping in practice soon., #BBN, please pray for the families of Bob Vance and Ricky McDonald, two R.J. Corman workers who died tragically in South Carolina yesterday., #BBN, there are a LIMITED number of spots still available for the Women's Clinic on Oct. 25. Sign up now:, I said a special prayer for Dom this morning at Mass. I can tell you I've never coached a more pure person with a kind heart. I'm yet to meet a person who has anything but something positive to say about him. #BBN, keep him in your prayers. He will be back in four weeks., I really feel bad to have to report this because Dom was playing so well. He was so much more confident, so much more skilled. There was no doubt he was in the rotation, and now he’s just got to get back and stay in shape. We’re looking forward to getting him back in November., I've gotten several questions about when we were going to do it this year? #BBN, here's your answer. We'll see you Nov. 1., First practice is done. Going to the house. All the players are coming over to get a bite to eat and sleep a little bit. I like what I see!, Sleep Outfitters and Tempur-Pedic offered one lucky UK fan a #BigBlueGlamping experience during the #BBMcampout. I stopped by to see this "glamping" experience for myself and meet the lucky winner, Savannah Schlueter., Wow, what a crowd at the #BBMcampout. Weather has been nasty and yet the #BBN still comes out. Best fans in the country. Big thanks to Papa John's Pizza for feeding #BBN. Fans, use promo code BIBP40 at PapaJohns.com for 40 percent off large pizzas at regular menu price., Yet again, only at Kentucky. A live show from a tent campout for FREE tickets to a practice! You people are crazy., Great series and great story on Jamal., Let me make this clear: The twins dragged us to a Final Four in 2014 and helped lead us to 38 straight wins and a Final Four this past season. I loved coaching them. It never entered my mind to sub those two in that game or any other game late. Those two had come through for two years in critical moments. My loyalty was based on results., Congratulations to John Wall for his $400,000 donation to a center for homeless children in D.C. Servant leadership!, At George Raveling's #CoachingForSuccess Clinic. San Diego christian college team demonstrated for me! Great team and staff!, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist finally hits 22!  Happy birthday! So proud of you., Dap Porter from my Pitt days. We met up at Rod Brookin's funeral., So happy for Antoine Walker and all of our new UK Athletics Hall of Famers. Well-deserved honored. Hope you all enjoy the weekend., Five years ago I said for a campus to grow there have to be cranes. Now we've so many new dorms I can’t keep track of them all. We’ve also got a new science building on the way, a new business building coming and a new student center being built. The campus is transformed. That’s what I call putting cranes on campus!, Making my first stop at The 90, the new dining facility on campus. Where was this when I went to school? UK students are getting spoiled!, I had a chance to really reflect on what Pope Francis said yesterday and I wanted to share my thoughts with the #BBN. I wanted to share some more detailed thoughts because it hit me how much my faith has impacted how I coach my team. Let me say, this is the most you are ever going to hear me talk about my religion and my faith. And yes, I did pray my prayer list and threw in a little nudge for the Big Blue Nation while in the pope’s presence Thursday., Got the pope's speech transcript and was able to re-read everything he said and wow. What a great speech. Honored to be in attendance., With Speaker of the House John Boehner where the pope addressed a crowd outside the Capitol. Begged him for a year to let me be here., Pope Francis talked from the heart. He was so well spoken. You could tell his life has been about servant leadership. His care for people is unwavering. He challenged everyone to the golden rule: Treat people how you want to be treated. You may not agree with his stance on everything, but you have to love him. What a day., Just arrived for the big day. With Brett Guthrie., On my way to see Pope Francis. I'll be in the gallery for this momentous occasion to see a true servant leader, one who puts our most needy first!, Going to see the Pope tomorrow in our nation's Capitol. This is going to be one of the highlights of my life. Please don't hate me for loving the pope. If I get close enough, I absolutely will kiss his ring. And I'll be praying for everyone on my prayer list in his presence. I'll throw one in there for the #BBN., Watching my No. 1 recruit today!!!, #BBN, important details for next week's #BBMcampout!, Saddened to hear the news about Yogi Berra, one of the all-time greats. Yogi led the Yankees to the World Series 14 times. Yogi had a heart for people. His quips were legendary. He always had a way of saying the wrong thing at the right time to get people to laugh. Yogi always made me proud to be Italian. Prayers go out to his family., My Moon High School classmate Dave Recchion who lives in North Carolina. Two young guys!!! Lol!, Happy 20th birthday to Dakari Johnson! Excited to see him play in OKC this year. So proud of what he is becoming!!, #BBN, we've set Oct. 25 as our date for the Women's Clinic. You know how quickly this fills up, so sign up NOW!, Just a great, humble kid., Started as a manager for me and now he's our equipment manager doing a great job. Does it all. #BBN, let's wish Mark Evans a happy birthday!, Did two one-hour workouts this weekend and they were really good. For not being together, we’re further along than I thought we’d be., At the UK football game with my boys. Let's go, Cats!!!, I'm so excited tomorrow is the first day I will have the team together to do some court work. Been looking forward to this day for a while. Afterwards we're going to #TheNewCWS to cheer on University of Kentucky Football., Rod Brookin, one of my first recruits at Pitt, passed away today after battling a long illness. Rod was from Steelton-HighSpire. I’m going to miss Rod’s smile. He was one of the kindest hearts of any kid I’ve ever recruited. I’ll be thinking about his family., The mosaic I got at the Alumni Game will be one of my most prized possessions because it has all my players on it., #BBN, we’ve raised $100,000 for @Samaritans_Feet and an anonymous donor will match all donations up to $100,000 by Friday at 5 pm ET. You can donate at www.samaritansfeet.org/donate and write “Coach Calipari Match” in the special instructions box., Out on the road. Stopped at a place in Greensboro before jumping on plane. Pastabilities. REAL NICE. WOW!, My Fantasy Experience champions will sleep well tonight. They each won a Tempur-Pedic mattress and custom pillow! #TempurLove, Steve Neil brings home MVP honors at my #FantasyExperience. Thanks Crown Trophy of Lexington for the trophies for my participants!, Closing down Fantasy Camp. It was another great camp this year. Now I'm ready to hit the road recruiting!, Seeing that many former players from over the years come to the Hall of Fame was overwhelming. To then come home and have a bunch of those guys back for the UK Alumni Charity Game capped an unbelievable weekend. Thanks, guys. #LaFamilia. It looks as though we will generate $1.5 million from the game and my fantasy camp. Let me thank all the players, including the North Carolina guys, the #BBN, the fantasy campers and the staff for making it happen. Now, my fantasy camp ends this afternoon, and after that I'm on a plane to recruit. YAY!!! Over the next two weeks it's time to find out who wants this. I'm starting to feel anxiety because I want to coach my team., null, Birthday brownies for Marcus Lee! It's his birthday. Wish him a happy one, #BBN!, These Citi Private Pass cardmembers got the exclusive first look at my #HOF trophy at my #FantasyExperience. #CloserToPro, The Kroger team and Coach Robic working hard and driving for the title. Thanks, Tide!, My fantasy campers are sore and tired but ready for championship Monday! Eight teams, seven tournament games, one champion will be crowned. The seeds are:

1) ProCamps 3-0
2) Titan Healthcare 2-1
3) Fifth Third Bank 2-1
4) Bio 2-1
5) Kroger 2-1
6) FedEx 1-2
7) PrascoAGs 0-3
8) Red Ventures 0-3, My man Terrence Jones!, Hanging out with @Anthony Davis' dad and Darius Miller's dad at the Alumni Game., My dad last night with NBA commissioner Adam Silver., On behalf of Alltech and Papa John's Pizza, we are giving away 2,000 FREE tickets to tonight's UK Alumni Charity Game for sections 235 to 244 starting now. All you have to do is come to the Rupp Arena box fffice and say, “I’m here for the Alltech/Papa John's ticket giveaway.” There is an eight-ticket limit per person., Thanks to Alltech and Papa John's Pizza (and of course the #BBN) today's UK Alumni Charity Game is officially sold out.If you didn't get tickets to the game, you can watch it on ESPNU at 5:30 p.m. Going to raise a lot of money for charity today!, #BBN, join me in wishing Metz Camfield a happy birthday today. Metz took over as the CoachCal.com editor last year and has done a great job. He was a huge help at the Hall of Fame this week in Springfield., Just got back and heard the great University of Kentucky Football news. What a win! Congratulations to Coach Stoops. Let's pack #TheNewCWS next week., Heading back to Lex for the Alumni Charity Game and my Fantasy Camp. Couldn't have done this weekend without my family., Jason Shrinsky. My mentor from my Pittsburgh days!!!, Proud to stand on stage with these Kentucky legends., It's been an unbelievable experience taking this whole week in with Louie. One of the best., Louie's ABA championship ring, designed by John Y Brown., About to go on stage at tonight's Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame ring presentation. So honored to have entered the Hall of Fame with these legends. #HoopHOF2015, null, null, At the Panini America Hall of Fame signing with George Raveling and the rest of the #HoopHOF2015 class., My good friend Rick Corman was with me yesterday. How do I know? As I spoke at an event in the afternoon, heard a train whistle. Miss my buddy. So glad Rick's daughters were able to be there for me last night., I'm the luckiest coach in the world that this many guys would want to come back and enjoy this with me., Who better to run into on my way to the Hall than Billy Dunavant and his wife, Tommie., I usually keep it together, but this moment, with all my sons here, it got me., #PlayersFirst, So thankful and so blessed to share this night with so many friends. Without them this night is impossible., #LaFamilia. Great having family together. A surreal week. Will have more pics later. Gotta get ready for tonight., I can’t tell you what it means when all the presidents who have been a part of your life show up. Patsy and Dr. Lee Todd were here at the breakfast this morning. Tom O’Brien and Susan Whitmore were there as well. Thank you to Chancellor Subbaswamy and his wife, Mala, for organizing this family event. It took a village and most were here this morning., I want to take a moment to reflect on what happened 14 years ago today. Let’s never forget what happened on 9-11, and always keep in mind all the many brave men and women who continue to fight for our freedom., I've gotta show you UMass' new practice facility. One of the best I've seen. If you don't go to Kentucky you should be going to UMass., With Ron Nathan and Glenn Wong, two of the selection committee members who brought me to UMass., Coaches never have weekends like this without loving, sharing, supportive families., Bob Rotella, one of my closest mentors., #LaFamilia, What a great gift from UMass. Will always remember our time here., My UMass guys. Always family. We build relationships that last forever. #LaFamilia, They told me #BBN and this job were different. They were right. Former UK president Dr. Todd and his wife, Patsy., Bob Marcum, my old AD at UMass. We took the program to new heights! Love you, Bob., With Chancellor Subbaswamy at the UMass breakfast., I'm back where it all started. I'm at a breakfast at UMass this morning to visit with all my old friends and family. My two daughters went to UMass and Brad Calipari goes to school 10 minutes down the road. Still feels like home. Pictures to come., So happy for Louie Dampier. One of the greatest shooters of all time. This is going to be a fun week. #HoopHOF15, I appreciate UMass and Memphis for deciding to honor what we were able to accomplish. UMass gave me my first opportunity and Memphis revived my career. I have a special place in my heart for both Amherst and Memphis. Ellen and I have made so many friends and created relationships with so many people at both schools that we will forever cherish. This week is about all of the schools, all of the staffs, all of our friends, all of our supporters, but most importantly, all of our players from all three schools., Watching Hoosiers for the thousandth time. Love it!!!, It's both Alex Poythress and John Wall's birthday! Mrs. Cal's brownies are on the way, Alex! J-Wall, you gotta wait til the 13th!!, Proud to coach 20 percent of Sports Illustrated's Top 15 NBA Players and nearly 10 percent of the Top 100, and Terrence and Enes are just outside. Wow!, Great start to the weekend with wins from volleyball and men’s and women’s soccer. Now it’s University of Kentucky Football's turn at #TheNewCWS! #ALLIN, We were going to host my annual Basketball Fantasy Experience dinner in one of the end zones after the Alumni Game, but due to ticket demand we're going to move it to open up more seats. At 10:30 a.m., we're going to open up 1,000 more lower-bowl tickets for the game. The rest of the lower bowl is sold out, so I bet these go fast. Also in the ticket release at 10:30 will include some courtside tickets. Remember, #BBN, all proceeds go to charity., It's Carolyn Kyles' birthday today. I know she's enjoying some red velvet cake today., Great having Mike Epps stop by the office today., #BBN, we've released additional lower-level tickets for the UK Alumni Charity Game. These will go fast, so get your tickets now at the Rupp Arena box office, online at Ticketmaster.com, at any Ticketmaster outlet or by phone at 1-800-745-3000., #BBN, it's an exciting time for the city of Lexington. Check out what the Breeders' Cup Festival has to offer at breederscupfestival.com, Ms. Bledsoe, you're in my prayers today., The Athletic Director of the Year, Mitch Barnhart, is having a birthday today. Have a great day, Mitch!, One of my favorites, Ms. Bledsoe, Eric Bledsoe's granny, is having surgery. She's in my prayers., MKG, $52 million! So happy and so proud! Don’t be satisfied, Michael, because you have a lot of wins and a few contracts left! #PlayersFirst, I have a new book on my desk and this comes at a good time. The start of the season! Time to re-calibrate!!, Can't wait to see Trey play for the Utah Jazz. People don't realize how good he's going to be., I want to wish everyone the best in their first week of classes. This is always one of my favorite times of the year., Want to welcome the Class of 2019 to UK. Wish I could be there tonight at Big Blue U to welcome you in person. One message I want to give the freshman class: dream big. Don't be afraid to get involved. Explore, ask questions and be safe., I watched Isaac when he first came over to the United States in high school in Indiana and was impressed with his skill and size. He reminded me of a much bigger Josh Harrellson. He’s very skilled, has great hands and is a great passer. To have a 7-footer who just turned 17, he has a lot still in front of him, and the best part is he wants the challenge of playing at Kentucky., Brian and Patty Long with son Travis, who played for me at Memphis, at New York Yankees game. #Family, What do you think, #BBN?, #BBN, will you be there to welcome back our players Sept. 13 for the UK Alumni Charity Game? Tickets are on sale at the Rupp Arena box office, Ticketmaster.com, Ticketmaster outlets or by dialing 1-800-745-3000. This year's UK Alumni Charity Game will feature UK pros against North Carolina pros. Love the format. Even better, it's all for charity., null, Paul Molitor, Hall of Fame player and current manager of the Twins., With Minnesota Twins pitcher Kyle Gibson whose dad is from Hazard, Ky., Soaking in a great day with my daughter Erin., The Yankees' brain trust, Brian Cashman and Joe Girardi. Two great people., It's Willie Cauley-Stein's birthday today. He turns 22. I miss my book club partner!!!, With Cecil Fielder. Who do you think would win in a HR Derby: Cecil in his prime or his son, Prince Fielder?, Happy birthday to Archie Goodwin! Can you believe Archie is only 21 years old?! Bright future ahead for him., Happy birthday to James Young. Looking forward to seeing what James is going to do in year two in the NBA., Where's Megan?, Terrence Jones will be balling with DeMarcus Cousins at 10:30 p.m. in the USA Basketball scrimmage tonight on ESPN2., My wife's big baby has a birthday today! Happy birthday DeMarcus Cousins!!!, And it's all for charity, #BBN. Can't wait to see you there., My USA Basketball Fantasy Camp team. We've got Jerry Haffey Jr., Jerry Haffey Sr., Jason Goldblatt, Michael Scotch, Jerry Ferrara, Travis Nelson, Dale Eeles, Ric Elias, Ben Nicolas, Joe Leavitt and Michael Peterson. Having a blast with my guys., My point guard at USA Basketball Fantasy Camp, Jerry Ferrara. Says he's better than Tyler. Too late for cameo!!! Man!, My sons have all grown up., #BBN, get to know Mychal Mulder in our next "Meet the Wildcats" stories. I hear Mike has looked great this summer., Two more belated birthday wishes to give out. The first goes to Tony Barbee, who I've had the pleasure of watching grow from a player to a terrific coach.I also want to wish Linda Carmack a happy belated birthday. Linda keeps our entire Kentucky Basketball office running smoothly., Happy belated birthday to John Robic! We've been through so much together and can't wait to see what's in store for us in the future., Congrats to Mark Krebs on the birth of Kellan James Krebs. Mark tells me the mom and baby are healthy and happy!, Just watched the Fran Healy interview. After talking with Karl Anthony Towns, I have a fuller picture of what our guys were feeling., Love this "Meet the Wildcats" story on Skal. Great basketball player and an even better kid., My good friend and mentor John Gilmore passed away early this morning. He was loyal, charitable and one of the funniest people I’ve ever met. Many of us in this profession owe John a debt of gratitude for how he’s helped all of us. Prayers go out to John's family., Had a blast at my ProCamps in the Joe Craft Center. Thank you Kroger and Tide for helping us #UnplugAndPlay this week!, It's Howard Garfinkel's birthday today. All of us Five Star alums owe him a debt of gratitude! HAPPY BIRTHDAY my friend!, Here I am throwing an absolute BB for the first pitch. The clock said I threw harder than Willie!, Always good to see Clint Hurdle. Caught up with him here with Jerry Haffey, Marc Chiurato and Joey Morrison., How about the Home Run Derby champion?! Todd Frazier can crush it., Garren Colvin, CEO of St. Elizabeth Healthcare, and his family Kylie, Hannah, Emily and Nick., Fun talking with former UK baseball star Joe Blanton before the game tonight., With Reds skipper Bryan Price and Elizabethtown native Nate Adcock before tonight's game., One of my favorite events of the year. Can't wait to see my sons and raise money for charity. Get your tickets now!, Congrats to my Memphis captain Arthur Barclay, who was named to the State Assembly for the 5th Legislative District of New Jersey. I remember watching Dajuan Wagner and Arthur playing in the state tourney for Camden High! Proud of both of them., My sons Karl-Anthony Towns and Willie Cauley-Stein can throw the hardball too., Trey Lyles and Devin Booker are back in town for ProCamps. Still time to sign up, #BBN: http://www.ukathletics.com/sports/m-baskbl/spec-rel/060815aaa.html, Always good to see Coach Tomlin. One of the very best in the NFL. Glad he's the Steelers' coach!, Having a great time at Steelers Camp with Tom Wynne, Charlie Wesley and Mark Watson., .@steelers have tons of weapons on offense this year. Great seeing Big Ben and QB Coach Randy Fichtner., #BBN, I know how much you all like the annual "Meet the Wildcats" series. Excited to let you know our first story is up. You're going to love Charles Matthews., Orange Leaf has a new flavor: toasted marshmallow. Really good. Go give it a try, #BBN., At Street Craves with our dental students! Food made us all smile., It's Eric Lindsey's birthday. A website, Twitter and Facebook guru who's moving up and getting married, and still just 29. Happy birthday!, I'm happy for the #BBN to hear about the upgrades to Rupp Arena. I'm excited to see how the changes improve the fan experience., Hey #BBN, vote #Harrison4Bowerman. She is the first UK athlete to be nominated for this award. #UKTF, null, I couldn’t be more proud of Jamal’s performance. For someone his age to do what he did shows how good he is and why we wanted him in the worst way to be on this team., Bruiser Flint's birthday was yesterday. My brother is officially 50!, Almamy Thiero from my Memphis days and his 11-year-old baller Adou!, With Ray Allen, one of the greats. Been following him since my UMass days. Wish he and Marcus Camby had played together for me! Lol!, I hope #BBN was watching Canada’s national team and Jamal Murray going against my former assistant from the Dominican Republic and good friend Jose Maita Mercedes. If you watched, you know why I’m excited about Jamal, who as an 18-year old was composed in his first national team game., #BBN, limited spots are available for next weeks' ProCamps. Sign up now before it's too late!, I loved watching that game last night and seeing our guys perform. All in all it's been a good NBA Summer League for our players., Watching Devin Booker, Josh Harrellson and Archie Goodwin compete in the NBA Summer League. Reminds me of some great memories. All three have been playing great., #BBN, let's do our part for the flood victims in our state who so badly need our help., Big Blue Night at the Reds game July 30. Willie Cauley-Stein and Karl Anthony Towns to throw out the first pitch! Lucky fans will come back for Saturday game with me in a suite! #BBN and Cincinnati Reds fans, let's pack the house. Buy tickets at reds.com/bigblue and also help a good cause., Had a great salad today at my friend Dr. Greg White's new restaurants - Street Craves and Freakin' Unbelievable Burgers - Lexington. Be sure to check out both places on Limestone by campus today. Artisan street tacos, salads and gourmet burgers., Josh Harrellson still ballin’. NBA Summer League with Phoenix, 15 points, nine rebounds in 16 minutes, and Devin Booker revved up too with 18 points., Changed seats just in time to see the Andrew McCutchen home run! #ASG2015, Changed seats just in time to see the Andrew McCutchen home run! #ASG2015, One of the all-time shortstop greats, Barry Larkin., Toms River's best, Todd Frazier, and Andrew McCutchen from the Buccos., With the former Yankees skip and one of my all-time favorite managers Joe Torre., At the #ASG2015 with my baby boy, Brad., Just voted. Do your thing, #BBN., Can't wait!, Watching one of my future sons reminded me of one of my older sons, Kyle Wiltjer., Watching the Canadian National Team practice and having a ball. Can't wait to get Jamal Murray on campus!, How about Aaron Harrison making Charlotte?! He will be in that league for a long time. Last season just officially ended!!!, Hey #BBN, let's all wish Rod Strickland a very happy birthday today. Rod's doing a great job at USF!, Ran into J-Wall on the recruiting road., Just sat with Jodie Meeks. Couldn't be happier for a player!  Great guy!, First Anthony Anthony Davis, then Brandon Knight and now Enes Kanter. Another max contract. Proud of all my sons. Go do your thing, Enes., Been hopping around from city to city the last two days trying to find positionless players. Who wants to be next?, I typically send out my annual recruiting manifesto around this time. This year it’s much shorter. I’ll say this to all the recruits and their families: Who wants to be next?, Kickin’ back on the #FourthofJuly watching NBA Summer League action. Dakari and Marquis are facing Aaron right now. Andrew is playing at 5 p.m. And if you’re strictly into Kentucky Basketball, our games vs. Kansas and Louisville from this past season are at 4 p.m. and 10 p.m. on the SEC Network., Happy Fourth of July, everybody. Don’t be afraid to be different or think different, but respect others’ right to be different also. You have the freedom to make choices to lead your life in a way that it becomes your shield against all attacks and all naysayers., I hope everyone has been enjoying our Kentucky Wildcats #SECNTakeover today. We're on all day until midnight tonight., At the Jersey Shore with Jersey's finest., We've got an unbelievable lineup for our ProCamps at the end of the month. Six draft picks and four lottery picks!, People ask me, “Why do you go to the draft?” My answer: This is the culmination of a whole lot of work and dreaming. Some say it’s for recruiting. What helps our recruiting is players getting drafted – not me being at the draft. For as long as I have guys in the Green Room for their graduation, I’ll be there., Aaron will do well. He's a fighter and my guess is he will be on an opening-day roster. #SucceedAndProceed, For the 100th time, I have the best basketball coaching position in the world. I am not looking for any other coaching position. Since he bought the team, Vivek Ranadive and I have talked on and off about DeMarcus Cousins. Vivek has asked me what I thought about DeMarcus and I told him he would be an all-star, and I was right. In the last two weeks, we’ve also talked a bunch about the draft and on draft day, obviously because of Willie Cauley-Stein. At no time has Vivek offered me a job. I WILL BE AT KENTUCKY., Proud of Andrew. He is going to fit in well with the Grizzlies., Was just asked a question on a basketball conference call about the confederate flag. I don’t want any confusion. I think we should take it down! I don’t think there’s any question it should be taken down, but again, I’m not running for office., Have you signed up for our ProCamps (July 30-31 and Aug. 1-2) yet? We’ll have six draft picks, four lottery selections and the No. 1 pick in attendance. Don't know that we'll ever have all those guys together again. Don't miss your chance., A lot to celebrate today. It's also @dhawk_25's birthday. Let's all wish him a great one, #BBN!, With Cody's parents., More family pictures. My wife and Brad., Love my family., At Erin and Cody's wedding reception. Two special people, one union!, null, #SucceedAndProceed, Six guys get drafted and tie a record, four lottery picks and another No. 1 pick – it’s been another unbelievable night. I'm proud of the guys. Our job as coaches is to help these kids realize their dreams. I’m so happy that a lot of lives were changed tonight. I'm disappointed that Aaron (Harrison) didn't get drafted, but he will be fine. I will tell you that he will be on a summer league team and fighting for a position on an NBA team. My guess is he will be on an opening-season roster even though he wasn't drafted., I love this. Three mothers who couldn't be happier. #SucceedandProceed #NBADraft, Willie's family: big fans of Sacramento! #SucceedandProceed #NBADraft, And now all my boys! I'm a proud papa tonight. #NBADraft #SucceedandProceed, I bet you can imagine how Karl Towns' family is feeling right now. #NBADraft #SucceedandProceed, Now with Willie Cauley-Stein's family. #NBADraft #SucceedandProceed, This is what it's all about: changing families' lives. With Trey Lyles' family. #NBADraft #SucceedandProceed, Karlito's here and ready to go. #NBADraft #SucceedandProceed, One of my absolute favorite nights of the year, when our guys have their dreams come true. #SucceedAndProceed, Jamal Murray is one of the best guards in the country. He showed that in practice at the Nike Hoop Summit and in the game. I had so many people call me to tell me how unbelievable he was. You’re talking about a 6-5 playmaker that can score and can guard multiple positions. He can make an impact from anywhere on the floor. I can’t wait to start coaching him., Jamal is one of the best guards in the country. He showed that in practice at the Nike Hoop Summit and in the game. I had so many people call me to tell me how unbelievable he was. You’re talking about a 6-5 playmaker that can score and can guard multiple positions. He can make an impact from anywhere on the floor. I can’t wait to start coaching him., null, Went to Mass this morning at St. Patrick's, as I always do when I'm in New York. This morning was special. I lit seven candles. Wonder who that was for. As I was thinking of my guys, this thought came to my head: You cannot delegate love. Can't wait for tonight., Congratulations to Joel Justus and Will Barton on earning new jobs within our staff today. Both have earned it. Happy they're staying in the family., Hanging with the Yankees skip. Getting ready for a big day tomorrow!, We are thrilled to return to the Bahamas in 2016 to play Arizona State. The Bahamas bring back a lot of good memories for our team. A great opponent coupled with a beautiful setting after the holiday weekend should make this an unbelievable trip for the #BBN., #BBN, please join me in wishing Derek Willis a happy birthday today. Derek, we will have your birthday brownies for you when we get back. Happy birthday!, Happy Father's Day to all fathers young and old. The sacrifices that fathers make for their children and families are part of what make this country so special. Especially to my father who looked after my mother for 24 hours a day for almost eight months. Love you, Dad., I told Edrick when he came to Kentucky that this could be a track school too. Now it's official., I'm getting asked where my comment about position-less players came from. Just so you know, I got it from the owner of the Kings, Vivek Ranadive. He said he's looking for position-less players. My comment to him was that's how we coach. I just didn't have a term for it. Now I do., I know the #BBN is behind me when I say our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Charleston. S.C., Congratulations, Isaiah. Proud of you, kid. Go do your thing. Looking forward to coaching you when you get back., Congrats to Sean Nelen, a former UMass player of mine and one of my first graduates, as the director of sales and marketing for Clipcentric, Inc., #BBN, please join me in wishing one of the brightest and hardest-working people I have ever met, DeWayne Peevy, a happy birthday today. DeWayne was the SID for men’s basketball when I came to UK and is now the deputy director of athletics. More importantly, I’m happy to call him a friend. Happy birthday, DeWayne!, Taking pictures at camp and got to meet Rachel Mobley, who just found out she's cancer free. What a blessing!, Happy birthday to Mychal Mulder. Don't know if he's heard about Ellen's birthday brownies, but he has a batch waiting for him!, Starting our second Father/Son Camp today. Crazy. Sold out 2,000 strong for the summer. Overnight Camp is nearly sold out at 800. ProCamps in August just went online. You’ll see some familiar faces there. Sign up quickly because we expect it to also sell out. We’ve improved the camps each year with one thought in mind: What’s best for the campers, not what’s best for the camp. Campers first., Love doing the Father/Son camps. Always reminds me of Brad Calipari. Brad never got a haircut this good though., Ellen and I were laughing at the response to the The Dan Patrick Show yesterday. I would only go on a show with someone I’m comfortable with. I’ve known Dan for 25 years and throughout that time I can tell you one thing has never changed: He could never play basketball. LOL., I'm always looking for players that want to get better and enjoy the PROCESS! LeBron said it best when he said he changed when it became about the process of being great, not just BEING GREAT. The joy we all get from the process is what brings us joy while the other brings anxiety! I'm excited just thinking about starting the process of helping this new team become special., With Sgt. Webb, of the Kentucky State Police; Fred Scheffler, our raffle winner; and Jim Bentley, the Man O' War Harley-Davidson owner. Thanks again to Man O' War Harley-Davidson for all of its help with this great raffle!, I'm challenging Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Terrence Jones, Anthony Davis, Brandon Knight and Patrick Patterson, along with all of the Big 12 coaches, to take part in the #VThrow Challenge., I'm so excited to be coaching Mychal. He's been in a great program the last two years and been pushed hard by a terrific coach. His teams have won and he's shared, yet he was still rewarded as a First Team All-American. He fits our program.
・・・
Please welcome the newest addition to the family, Mychal Mulder. He's gonna be a good one. 
bit.ly/1HuBHwB, I'm so excited to be coaching Mychal. He's been in a great program the last two years and been pushed hard by a terrific coach. His teams have won and he's shared, yet he was still rewarded as a First Team All-American. He fits our program., I'm excited for Tony, who has been a part of my basketball family for more than 20 years. Tony has proven himself to be one of the top coaches in the country. The knowledge and experience he brought to our staff last season was invaluable. To have him be a part of our staff is a blessing for all of us.
・・・
#BBN, it's official: Tony Barbee has been elevated to assistant coach. He's been an unbelievable addition to the staff. 
Story at http://m.ukathletics.com/m/sports/m-baskbl/spec-rel/052215aaa.html, I'm excited for Tony, who has been a part of my basketball family for more than 20 years. Tony has proven himself to be one of the top coaches in the country. The knowledge and experience he brought to our staff last season was invaluable. To have him be a part of our staff is a blessing for all of us., What a big year for our NBA guys. Anthony Davis  and DeMarcus Cousins All-NBA, Anthony and John Wall All-Defensive and Nerlens Noel All-Rookie. And let's not forget about Terrence Jones, who is still going strong in the NBA Playoffs. Been a great year and I'm happy for my sons., Putting a schedule together, especially one like this, is fun. Having to play those games is a different story. To understate it, this will obviously be a challenging schedule for a young team like ours, which lost more than 85 percent of its scoring and nearly 80 percent of its rebounding. We're excited for the challenge., I hate to drive you traditionalists crazy, but I will say it again: our goal at the beginning of the season was to have eight players drafted. I'll be honest with you, at the time I may have said nine. My point when I said that was to have them all eat. When they asked how we do it, I told them to do this you will have to be a selfless team, share and do historic things on the court. They did. If Alex doesn't get hurt, eight are drafted. We fell short of a national title but this season was not disappointing to me. Have a great day!, Just spoke to 2,000 people around the world at the Alltech Rebelation. I talked to them about their "why." My "why" is to be a vehicle to help others reach their dreams, to be the stone that creates a ripple that goes on and on in their lives., Even though Anthony and Tyreke are in New Orleans, I have no interest in coaching the Pelicans or any other coaching position. I have a great job and I'm happy at Kentucky., Even though Anthony and Tyreke are in New Orleans, I have no interest in coaching the Pelicans or any other coaching position. I have a great job and I'm happy at Kentucky., Two of my sons!, Proud of you, Nerlens!, Deirdre Lyons, an amazing woman. Looking forward to speaking for Dr. Lyons and Deirdre at the Alltech Rebelation at Rupp Arena on Wednesday., My favorite general. I always thought he would be our president one day. What a leader., With Bo Outlaw and the Clippers' Dr. Kipper., Succeed and Proceed!, Can't think of anyone more deserving than Mitch Barnhart  for the NACDA Athletic Director of the Year Award. Congratulations, Mitch!, Just wanted to take some time to reflect on what my mother meant to me. Her heart and wisdom is what set her apart. My hope is you look at how I approach challenges and charity and say, “That’s his mom’s legacy.”, Every player I've coached over the years was a momma's boy! To all those mommas, HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!, We have four guys graduating today: Tod, Brian, Sam and Alex. That's 15 in six years who have gotten their degrees. I'm really proud of them. Alex earned his degree in just three years. He, Patrick Patterson and Jarrod Polson each got their degrees in three years. Wow. #SuccessRate, So happy to see Derrick Rose hit the game-winning shot tonight. Keep doing your thing, Derrick., #BBN, let’s wish a happy birthday to Chris Woolard, our associate AD for operations. Chris does so much for us to make everything possible!, #BBN, please join me in wishing my longtime assistant Lunetha Pryor a happy birthday today. Don't know what I would do without Lunetha. Happy birthday!, I’m happy we were able to make the platoon work for every player this year. Karl is going to be at the front of the draft, Willie is going to be shortly thereafter, I believe Trey and Devin will be in the lottery, and the other three have chances for being in the first round. By this summer we will have had 26 guys in six years drafted, potentially 13 lottery picks and maybe three No. 1 draft picks. Having said that, if you ask me if I’m ever going to platoon again, my answer is NO. Last season was an absolute outlier. It’s just not the way I like to coach. I would rather play seven or eight guys because I believe that gives us the best chance to win. I think we wrote the book on platooning this year, but I hope we stick it on the shelf and never have to use it again., As I was walking in the back door, I found these. Can't wait for a great fight., I want to congratulate Billy Donovan on his new opportunity in Oklahoma City. What a great opportunity for a great guy.
For six years we competed against each other yet remained friends. I always loved seeing his dad at the games and spending time with him. I’ll miss coaching against Billy but he’ll do terrific work for the Thunder. Oklahoma City made a great choice., My Steelers picked a Wildcat?! Championship combination!!! Congrats to Bud Dupree and the Pittsburgh Steelers., When I make choices with anything, it’s all about people. That said, I’m going to ride with Carpe Diem with Elliott Walden and the WinStar Farm boys for the Kentucky Derby. #SeizeTheDay #SeizeTheDerby, #BBN, UK softball senior Griffin Joiner needs your votes for 2015 Senior CLASS Award. Vote once a day until May 11 at bit.ly/VoteJoiner., A team for the ages., It was an unbelievable honor to present the Lifetime Achievement Award at the CATSPYs to Commissioner Slive. He has taken our conference to new heights. I just wish my introduction would have done him justice. Our league has won 80 championships in his 13 years (I'm sorry I said 30, Commish!). That's ridiculous. He's been a dear friend of Ellen and I and an unbelievable mentor. I can't think of anyone who deserves the Lifetime Achievement Award more than him., Due to my trip to Springfield for the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame induction, we are shifting my fantasy camp schedule back one day to Sept 12-14. Very limited space is still available. We will sell out very early this year and look forward to a historic camp with a new Hall of Fame twist!, Buzz Williams' son, Mason, recruiting for Va Tech!, With Virgil Sweet, an Indiana high school legend., With the Indiana Basketball Coaches Association officers at a coaches' clinic., #BBN, check out ceekars.com and stay tuned for my upcoming #virtualreality experience on @ceekapp @maryspio., One of my college teammates, Gary Cooper, is having some surgery. #BBN, let’s do what we do and pray for him., null, null, Plus Derrick Rose, Tyreke Evans and Joey Dorsey! ・・・ They were winners at UK. We're not surprised they're winning at the next level. Keep it going, fellas. #NBACats #WeAreUK, I’m proud that our kids are being drafted at unprecedented numbers, but what I’m more proud of is that they thrive in the NBA Playoffs. Every NBA team is looking for those guys. And I don’t think that will change. I think it will only grow., Team up with me on the golf course this summer and help us try to beat cancer., Let’s all congratulate Slice for his new opportunity at St. John’s. When he came in my office and talked to me about the offer, we both got emotional. You have to understand, we’ve been friends for 30 years. Not only that, he loved this place and the #BBN. At the end of the day, it was an offer in every way – including going home – that I didn’t think he could pass on. As we do with players and staff, when these things arise, I want our family to do what’s right for them. I couldn’t be happier for Slice. He’s not only a great person, he’s a terrific coach and recruiter, and one of my most loyal friends. I wish Slice and Kerry nothing but the best in their new opportunity., The cover of the EYBL guide. Love seeing my guys. Brow and Hi-Top., #BBN, please join me in wishing Nerlens Noel, who is having a huge rookie season, a happy birthday today. Happy birthday, Nerlens!, Time to get out on the road and recruit. As you know, this is a different deal at Kentucky. Need to sign two, possibly three more guys. We're not signing guys to platoon. We're signing guys that want to play and who have a dream that we can all chase together., I met with the players in the back before they announced their decisions today and I started to get emotional. They're starting on the next phase of their lives. I had to kind of turn and walk out because it's like they're my own sons. When they leave, they're gone. It's like they're leaving the nest. But I'm so proud of them., This is going to be hard for people to understand, but I was at a loss for words when I got the call for the Naismith Hall of Fame. I was overwhelmed but so grateful. I would imagine other recipients felt how I feel now: unworthy of such an honor, but appreciative. As a coach, this honor means that many parents entrusted you with their sons and many players entrusted you with their careers. I'm indebted to all of the players, all the families, all of the staffs and all the administrations that have helped me build these programs., Left Easter Mass a little bit ago. It put me in a great frame of mind. As each hour passes, I'm beginning to feel better. All of us need to look at this season for what it was. This season changed college basketball. Not only the historic 38-0 start, but it showed that All-Americans can be selfless and servant leaders that care about others more than themselves. I love these guys., We’re excited about getting ready to play this game. What came to my mind is the support from the #BBN. It’s ridiculous. We also have another nation pulling for us: I bet 10 million strong in the Dominican Republic are rooting for Kentucky too. Gracias!, Had a few visitors at our dinner. Charles Barkley, George Raveling and Sherman Brown, three great friends, stopped by., #BBN, please join me in wishing Brian Long a happy birthday today. Brian got his birthday brownies before we left. Happy birthday, Brian!, So happy that Mitch Barnhart has been nominated for Athletics Director of the Year. It’s certainly well-deserved. I can’t thank Mitch enough for the support he gives not only to our program but the entire athletic department. What we’ve been able to accomplish across the athletic department the past few years couldn't have happened without his vision., I remember watching Willie score TWO points (he remembers too) in high school. Now he's a consensus All-American. Proud of you, Willie!, I woke up with this thought a few weeks ago: Love your team. Tonight I told them that thought is still with me and I told them we are here for you.  It was a dogfight the whole game and we fought to keep it close. They did it and finished it out. All I can say is wow., #BBN, let's all make sure we take a minute today to wish EJ Floreal a happy birthday today. EJ has been a great teammate. Happy birthday, EJ!, null, These were some of the fans at the Ohio State-Arizona game. Our fans are crazy. #BlueGetsIn, I know that I'm coaching a special team when they practice like its Dec. 1. I had to stop it because I was afraid we may have a fight., Jack Haley, who played for me and was an assistant when I was coaching with the Nets, passed away too young. Jack was one of the most positive, upbeat guys I've ever been around. He was on that unbelievable 1996 championship team in Chicago. Sad day., Happy for Coach Matthew Mitchell and our women's team earning a No. 2 seed. Get out and support them at Memorial this Friday like you will for us in Louisville on Thursday. UKHoopsTix.com, Let me wish everyone a happy St. Patrick's Day. Two of the most important women in my life - my mom and my wife - have Irish heritage., My aunt has been sending me old clips. Look how young Sean Miller and I look., For all you with conspiracy theories, we really did forget about the nets mainly because we were in a hurry to get on a plane and get back to Lexington. It was not a statement. I'm not that smart. I don't know how many blue teams will be playing in Louisville, but I hope the arena looks like the one in #BBNashville., So glad we got to meet Gavin Santo and his family. #BBN, please say a prayer for Gavin and his family., Congrats to Greg Sankey, our new commissioner. He learned under one of the best I've ever been around and without a doubt is ready to lead us to that next step., I heard about the proposal that would extend the NBA Draft withdrawal deadline, and I couldn’t be happier. It's a great idea because it would be a decision made for the kids., #BBN, happy to announce that registration for our 2015 Father/Son Camps and Overnight Camps is now open. We've had such a high demand in previous years that we're going to have three separate Father/Son Camps this year and two Overnight Camps. You probably know how quickly our camps fill up, so register now and be a part of the fun in the summer., My senior big man Anthony Davis turns 22 today. Could he start on this team? I think so. LOL!, I always enjoy talking with Coach Rave, who I consider a mentor., Thank you, #BBN!, Let's take a moment and think about what this team has accomplished and enjoy it. We're not done, but let's appreciate a fun ride so far. This team is committed to the tourney for the #BBN. We can't promise you we'll win every night, but we're going to do our best to perform for you., null, #BBN, to celebrate this team's run so far this season, let's all stand at the under-four timeout and drag them to the finish line., Well over halfway to a sellout at my 2015 Fantasy Experience. Join us Sept. 11-13 and live Kentucky basketball.http://www.johncaliparibasketballexperience.com/, null, 39 points, 13 rebounds, eight blocks and three steals for Anthony Davis in his first game back. Sounds like that shoulder is healed., Want to thank UMass for honoring my teams and me from the '90s with a banner. A special time with special players at a special place., It may be a little past midnight, but I hope it's not too late to wish two of my favorite people, Bob Rotella and Tom Leach, a happy birthday., Congratulations to Matthew Mitchell and University of Kentucky Women's Basketball on their big win over No. 2 South Carolina. Love the fight of Matthew's team., Hey #BBN, I need your help. Stop by the main lobby today at Rupp Arena and purchase a $10 raffle ticket for this bike. Proceeds will go to The Calipari Foundation and the Trooper Project., With Harold Ford, John Tyson, John Randal Tyson, John Davidson and Drew Katz. Some old friends having dinner., Who wears short shorts? Danny Ferry, Troy Lewis and Dean Keener are in that pic too. LOL., #BBN, if you want to watch three of our guys, turn on the Phoenix-OKC game. Brandon Knight, Eric Bledsoe and Enes Kanter are all on the floor., My high school coach Bill Sacco, a great coach and unbelievable influence, won his 400th game last week. That's hard to do when you have players like me., Congratulations to Vince Doria on his retirement. A huge loss for “SportsCenter.", My college roommate Dennis Tobin's wife, Denise, just passed away. My heart and prayers go out to the entire family., Wishing a happy birthday to William Austin of Starkey Hearing! Thanks for all the life-changing work you do with Starkey., I'm sick over the Derrick Rose injury. He has been through so much and deserves better. Fate has intervened again for this good man. He will use this as fuel. I pray for him daily., Happy birthday to Phil Knight. If Phil lets me, I may tell the story of how we met later., #BBN, big news: #PlayersFirst is now available in paperback and features a new chapter on our 2013-14 season. There's a lot of good material in that final chapter that I've never shared before that you'll want to check out., Love how our university continues to invest in our kids and their academics. At the end of the day, that's what we're all here for and what this is about., #BBN, we're going to film a few more episodes of The Mailbag before the postseason starts. Send me some questions and then tune in because I may answer yours., Proud of Kyle Wiltjer, who just won his second national player of the week honor. He's on a long list of players who say I've held them back. Love ya, kid., I've got another question for you #BBN. Watch the new episode of The Mailbag and let me know how you would handle this situation by answering in the comments section below., Thanks to Trifecta for designing my foundation’s website and joining our mission to help improve the quality of life in our communities. Trifecta did a great job and I hope that you will take the time to check it out and join us in our mission to help others. 
PRESS RELEASE: http://www.marketwired.com/press-release/trifecta-the-calipari-foundation-team-up-on-new-website-1993207.htm, Alright, #BBN, I've got a new question for you in the latest episode of The Mailbag. After watching the video, be sure to give me your answer in the comments section below., Happy birthday to my baby girl Erin. She's a good girl and I'm proud of her. I'm proud of what she's becoming as a young woman. Here's a picture of Erin when she was just a little girl. She's the one on the right. Later, I may give the whole story of the day she was born. I still remember it vividly. Some really funny stuff., Happy birthday to my baby girl Erin. She's a good girl and I'm proud of her. I'm proud of what she's becoming as a young woman. Here's a picture of Erin when she was just a little girl. She's the one on the right. Later, I may give the whole story of the day she was born. I still remember it vividly. Some really funny stuff., Three fired coaches., Few more pics from last night's NBA All-Star Game. Had an unbelievable time!, I felt so bad yesterday at the NBA All-Star Game. My daughter Erin and I both go down to see President Bill Clinton. President Clinton was so in to our team that when he started talking, I totally forgot my daughter was standing there. She finally nudged me and said, “Hi, I’m his daughter Erin.” LOL., #BBN, please join me in wishing Tod Lanter a happy birthday. Happy birthday, Tod!, Here's my view for tonight's NBA All-Star Game. Not bad, huh?, Headed to the NBA All-Star Game with my daughter Erin and my good friends Joe Craft and Kelly Knight., Was racing to see Brandon KnightBrandon at the Barclays Center last night but traffic got us there just after he had finished. I did get a chance to visit with Anthony Davis, DeMarcus Cousins, John Wall and Brandon at the event but I haven't seen Nerlens Noel yet., Beam me up, Scotty., Just got word that I was nominated as a finalist for the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. I’m at a loss for words. I want to thank the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame committee for even considering me. The process is by no means over – I’m just a finalist at this point – but to even be mentioned as a finalist among these worthy candidates is an unbelievable honor. I am absolutely humbled by this. I want to thank the people at UMass, Memphis and Kentucky for giving Ellen and I an opportunity to coach at three great institutions. I want to thank all the assistants and staff who have worked for us over the years, as well as the people in the community who have added value to our lives. Most importantly, I want to thank all of the players who have let us coach them and all of the parents who entrusted us with their son. Thank you., After our game today, visit Memorial Coliseum to see more than 1,000 UK students dancing at DanceBlue this weekend. They will stand and dance for 24 hours to raise money for pediatric cancer and cancer research. The kids at DanceBlue are stars. For more info, visit danceblue.org. #FTK #DB15 #BBN, I know how much #BBN likes behind-the-scenes videos, so we  gave you a look at what a road trip is like for our LSU game., Wow! How about that Makalya Epps and our UK women's team's double-overtime win over Mississippi State. Epps had 42 and the game-winning bucket! Great game., Boy, was Jay Bilas spot on with what he told us this summer?!, #Repost from @kentuckymbb ・・・ Repost if you're looking forward to watching our guys during NBA All-Star weekend. #WeAreUK, null, Hall of Fame coach and great friend Jerry Tarkanian has passed away. We've lost two icons in the same week. Sad week for all who love this great game., Want to thank everyone for all the cards and birthday wishes I got yesterday. #BBN, you're the best., Loved catching up with Kerry Kittles' family after the game., I told Anthony that I don't know if he could play on this team. LOL. The guys loved seeing him after the game., The best birthday present I could ask for. We found Trey! You're the best, #BBN. He is questionable for tonight., Hey, I found the baby in the king cake! Doesn't this mean good luck for the year? Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes., Message to Trey: Wherever you are, if you don't make shoot around today, you won't play in the game tonight. #WhereIsTrey, Has anyone in Lexington seen Trey? If anyone sees him, please let us know. #WhereIsTrey, I thought Trey got on plane but we can't find him., Just a sad day for basketball to lose one of the great coaches of all-time in Dean Smith. Dean Smith was the most innovative and player-loved coach of his time. Just to give you an idea of how much I admired and respected Dean Smith, here's what I wrote about him last summer., Great having Lori Harrington and her kids, Lulu, Patrick and Kelly, at shootaround today., I've answered a lot of your questions over the years, #BBN. In this week’s episode of The Mailbag, I ask you a question. After watching the video be sure to give me your answer in the comments section below., It's Dajuan Wagner's birthday today. He turns 32. OMG! How old am I?!, You may have heard me talk recently about the covenant of our program. Wanted to take a few minutes today to explain what I mean., The Mullins Center opened 22 years ago today. I remember playing West Virginia and Harper Williams balling in an overtime win. Tony Barbee was not so good that game. LOL. One of my coaching highlights was opening that building. Lot of great memories., With Van Weinberg, John Dickens, Tully Dickens and Lee Abbey., The Big O!!! Can you believe he averaged a triple-double in the NBA one season?, Super Bowl party. Large group for Seattle. Small group for New England. And Willie is for Seattle., Congratulations to Will Shields on being elected for induction into the Pro Football Hall of Fame. He's an even better person than he was a football player., With Cara Wallace and her boyfriend., Good to see Archie Miller's wife, Morgan, and their daughter, Leah, after the game., DeMarcus, I'm expecting another headband I can wear now that you're an NBA All-Star. Congratulations, kid. You deserve this., Really proud of the way Andrew played last night. Was really happy to see him play with confidence. You know what else I loved about Andrew? Watch his comments. Great personality and really funny., #BBN, please join me in wishing my good friend Joe Palumbo a happy birthday today. Happy birthday, Joe Joe!, Congratulations to Isaiah Briscoe on making the McDonald's All-American Game. Looking forward to coaching you, kid., One of my favorite coaches of all-time. Great coach and was always really kind to me., Joe DeGregorio, my college coach from Clarion, turns 80 today. He's in better shape than me and his golf game is better than mine., Had a great time hosting CBTS at practice today., #BBN, time is running out to make a bid on the signed Coaches vs. Cancer sneakers and two lower-level tickets to the Auburn game. Remember, full proceeds will go the American Cancer Society, and my foundation will match up to $5,000., Hey #BBN, the Mailbag is empty. Ask me anything and I may answer your question on the next episode of The Mailbag., Congratulations to Coach K on his 1,000th win. Truly one of the all-time greats who I have the ultimate respect for., Willie has come a long ways. Great kid., Two fired coaches., After watching games last night, my coach of the year is Tom Crean. Tony Bennett is doing a great job too. Love to see coaches' toughness when clutter is swirling!, Two sons on the NBA All-Star starting lineups. I love it. Is that a humble brag? Congrats to John Wall and Anthony Davis. Proud of you two., #BBN, I'm auctioning off the signed shoes I wore for Tuesday's Coaches vs. Cancer game along with two lower-level tickets to the Auburn game. The auction is live right now and the full proceeds will go to the American Cancer Society. I'll match up to $5,000 for the winning bid to go towards the American Cancer Society. Here's a pic of the package. The online auction will close Monday at 11 a.m., so get your bid in now., Ellen and I with Rodney McMullen, Kroger CEO and a UK grad. Rodney started at Kroger in '78 as a part-time clerk! Kroger has always been a great partner with us over the years in so many different projects. The new store is ridiculous., Hosting the Chinese national team. With David Wang, Feng Lizheng, Gong Luming, Li Nan and Sarah Weiler., Alright, it's time to get back to my team!! Practice tonight!! YEAH!!!, With Howie Davis, my SID from my Umass days. Great to see him., That was a lot of fun, but my favorite part about today: my team getting to meet Eric Bledsoe's grandmother., Just arrived in Tuscaloosa. Dominique Hawkins is questionable for the game due to a minor medical procedure. He's fine. Hope to have him available., If you want to read about an amazing man, pick up the Jan. 12 issue of Sports Illustrated and check out the George Raveling piece. Coach Rave is more than a basketball coach. He's a leader. A teacher. A mentor. An innovator who adds value for everyone he meets., There's nothing more I love than when one of our sons wants to come home to get ready for his next battle. Darius is ready for his., Happy birthday to Jennifer Palumbo. Jen is doing an outstanding job with the "This is Kentucky Basketball" show this year. Here's the latest "This is Kentucky Basketball" episode, which aired this past weekend., Hosted a group from Northwestern Mutual today. Special thanks to their company for donating the championship floor from New Orleans that we used in our locker room at Rupp Arena., The things I do for my sons. Vote DeMarcus Cousins to the NBA All-Star Game. #NBABallot #DMCtoNYC, Everyone that knows me and Dick Vitale knows that our comments the other night were in jest. I have great respect for Dickie V, as he does for me. He's always been kind to me. And by the way, he was a hell of a coach., Ralph Faudree, former provost at Memphis, passed away yesterday. A big loss to the Memphis community. Anyone who has come in contact with Ralph knows what a great man he was. Prayers and thoughts go out to his family., My man Terrence Jones was in the house tonight. Ellen can't stop talking about how much she enjoyed sitting with him., With Jim Donald from my New Jersey Nets days. He's a loyal friend., I was present during a similar injury with Edgar Sosa who came back strong. My prayers are with Janee Thompson for a quick recovery. #PrayForJanee, In the immortal words of a great quarterback: RELAX!, Always love it when my good friend Bob Marcum and Kathy Duggan stop by the office., For fear of his life in Memphis, Dan Mullally didn't want me to put this out, but I made him anyway., With Dave Colella and Ron Drucker from Massachusetts. Both friends and supporters from my UMass days., Hey #BBN, it's that time again for me to answer some questions you may have. Ask me anything and I may answer your question on the next Mailbag episode., #BBN, join me in wishing a very Happy Birthday to Tyler Ulis today. Mrs. Cal gave Tyler his brownies last night at our team dinner., While we wrap up Camp Cal, I wanted to give you a full update on how it's gone. It's been a great week and a half., I saw Stuart Scott speak at the ESPYs in person and got emotional. Felt the same way today when I heard the news of his death. RIP, Stuart., Really proud of how our guys have responded this week. We've scrimmaged the last two days and the White Platoon got the best of the Blue Platoon yesterday but the Blue Platoon turned that around today. That's exactly how we want it to be. Each player knows that they must bring it each and every day., I apologized to my guards today. I did something with them I should have done earlier that would have made them ALL better. It was eye-opening., Thoughts and prayers go out to the Cuomo family. Mario Cuomo, the former governor of New York, passed away yesterday. Watching Mario in the 80s, I heard him talk about helping others climb the ladder of success. To this day, I use it in every talk I give., As the coach at Kentucky and as we move forward, I question myself in this regard: How can we have more fun and enjoy this unusual team? How can I keep them curious so complacency doesn't set in? How do I make sure they continue to keep the clutter away? How do I keep them together so that they handle adversity together and collectively so no one feels overwhelmed? Those are my daily challenges in 2015. I'm reminded of what Jay Bilas told our team before the season., Happy New Year! Let's all continue to dream big dreams, to attack adversity with vigor, and realize that when one door closes, another one opens. Also, let's all try to create hope for others where there seems to be none and spend a little time every day being kind to someone. It's hard to fall off the wagon when those are your New Year's resolutions., We are right in the middle of what I like to call Camp Cal. There may be a few times I'm not with the guys because I am out recruiting or doing something else, but every day we are weight training, doing individuals and practicing. Yesterday we had one of our better practices and then they had individuals in the evening, which I heard were outstanding. A couple of our guys are banged up but they are getting treatment and they are in the training room three or four times a day. Just because I'm doing double duty, don't think this team isn't in camp and isn't getting better. We are making a lot of strides right now., Anthony has a double-double already. Eric and Tyreke are in double figures. All three are ballin. Coming down to the wire., Checking up on my sons, Anthony and Tyreke, and Mr. and Mrs. Davis., We've been struggling shooting so I brought in a real shooter: Louie Dampier., Don’t overanalyze the game. It was a rough game. Don’t overanalyze individual players. They’re not machines and they’re not computers. They don’t play great every night out. Just know that this is the time of the year when our team gets better. Time to get better., Special thanks to Julia Peterson, Eric Atkinson, Hayes Barton, Brandon Hager and Amanda Zachary for preparing a great Christmas meal for the team! Thank you!!, We are back in Lexington and busy preparing for our next game, but I want to wish all of the #BBN happy holidays. Merry Christmas!, Glad we could put a smile on some families' faces on Christmas Eve. I think we are better at basketball than singing. I think our guys tonight really saw the type of impact they can have on other people. Special thanks to Kroger and Fan Outfitters Kentucky for helping us make a difference in some families' lives in Lexington. And oh, by the way, that is Willie in the Santa costume. Merry Christmas!, What a great Christmas present for our team and our academic support people. We posted a 3.13 team GPA for the fall semester. That puts us on par to have five straight years with a a B average. These kids work in the classroom, and I'm proud of them. They're not only playing selfless basketball, they're getting it done in classroom too, which makes me just as proud. #SuccessRate, Hope everyone is getting a few days to spend with their families for the holidays., #BBN, we've got a lot of guys who deserve to go to this year's NBA All-Star Game. Vote every day at allstarballot.nba.com. Let's not forget about how well some of our other guys are playing too. Enes Kanter is taking that next step and playing great. Patrick Patterson has been really solid. So has MKG. Nerlens is off to a great start to his career., null, With Mike Starr, my longtime friend from my UMass days., null, Ray "Big Daddy" Aldridge, my good friend from my UMass days, is struggling. Let's keep this good man in all our prayers., #BBN, it's about time for us to film more Mailbag episodes. Before we do that, we need questions from you. Post your question for me in the comments section below and I may answer it in an upcoming episode., When you’re coaching other people’s children and these children have high aspirations and unlimited potential – not only to do things for themselves but for other people – I can’t begin to tell you the feeling when someone gets hurt. My own son, Brad, tore his ACL last year. All I can tell you is I was physically sick when it happened to him. I feel exactly the same way now that it’s happened to Alex., Couldn't be happier for Tony. He deserves it! http://m.ukathletics.com/m/sports/m-baskbl/spec-rel/121114aac.html, If you haven't heard, we have a third Platoon. It's YOU, the #BBN!  And if you're looking for the perfect ammo to stock up on this Christmas, make sure to get a copy of The Sixth Man, the only movie that depicts the greatest fan base in college basketball, the BIG BLUE NATION!  If you're a true Wildcat fan, you must own this movie!, Not one of our better efforts. Reverted a little bit but don't overanalyze, #BBN. We've got a really good team with really good players, and they're not robots. They don't play great every night out. I LOVE MY TEAM. Make sure you police yourselves and don't pit any of us against one another. It's a long season and enjoy the ride., We are going to hold both Tyler and Devin out for tonight's game due to minor injuries. They both should be fine., #BBN knows no boundaries. This is one of this year's Nobel Peace Prize winners, Kailash Satyarthi, in UK gear. Now we just need him to do a study on the effect the platoon system has on world peace. In all seriousness, congratulations to Kailash., Eric Bledsoe had a triple-double last night (27 points, 16 assists and 11 rebounds) and now today is his birthday. Not a bad last two days. Happy birthday, Eric!, I just got an unbelievable card from Mary in Oklahoma City. It said some of the greatest things about what we are trying to do here. Mary didn't include a return address or last name, but if you're out there Mary, just know that the card made me say, "Wow!!!" The card reminded me that what we are doing here is about more than just wins and losses. It's about these kids., Registration is now open for my fourth annual Fantasy Experience. We sold out early in 2014, so get your spot now. The dates in 2015 are Sept. 11-13., What an unbelievable gesture and kid., Tyler is not feeling well so we are going to hold him out for today's game., What a victory by Coach Matthew Mitchell and UK Hoops!!! Big win!, #BBN, it's Sam Malone's birthday today. Ellen had the birthday brownies made two days ago but I double checked on the date. Happy birthday, Sam!, Let me thank all of the #BBN for how loud you were tonight. You were ridiculous ... BUT Willie was really ridiculous., Really sad to hear Bryan Burwell passed away today. He was one of the good guys in the media. He was an intellect with a heart for people. Prayers go out to him and his family., #BBN, please join me in welcoming Metz Camfield as the new editor of CoachCal.com. Metz returns to UK after two years at Ole Miss. He's got some big shoes to fill, but he's got a great work ethic. Looking forward to getting started with him., #Repost @ukmensbasketball ・・・ Three hours until tip, here is your game-day info for today's matchup., Today is my wife's birthday, but before I make it official, today is Nov. 30, right? LOL! Happy birthday, Ellen., #BBN, join me in wishing Julius Randle happy birthday. Julius is a strong kid who is going to come back better than ever. Happy birthday, Julius!, Congrats to Jennifer Palumbo on being named the host of "This is Kentucky Basketball," which debuts this Sunday on WKYT, UK Network Affiliates and FS South. My website will also have a replay of it every Monday., On this Thanksgiving, my family and I have so many things to be thankful for. We’ve been blessed in so many different ways., When I talk about efficiency, this is what I'm talking about. Look at what our guys would average with 34 minutes., #Repost @ukmensbasketball ・・・ They won't last long. Get them now., I've said it before and I'll say it again: None of what we are doing would be happening without our players allowing this to happen. Everybody wants to talk about defense, energy, etc. - and I love all that - but the story of this team is you have a bunch of guys sharing. We learned a lot playing a lot of games in a short period of time to start the season. Our guys will get a much-needed day off tomorrow., #BBN, before it turns midnight, make sure you wish Kenny Payne a happy birthday. Glad we could get the win for him tonight., See, I didn't get Megan's birthday wrong. I got her a balloon., Congratulations to all of the players, coaches and contributors that will be inducted into the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame tonight. I've had the pleasure of getting to know a lot of the guys who will go into the hall tonight, and they are all more than deserving. Zelmo Beaty, Dale Brown, Howard Garfinkel, Darrell Griffith, Grant Hill, Shaquille O'Neal, Glenn Wilkes and Gary Williams are this year's inductees., Alex is doing a lot better today but we are going to hold him out one more game with an illness., My message to my team today: I'm not here to make you feel good about bad play. I'm here to get you to understand how good you can be., #BBN, it's time to start the CoachCal.com Mailbag for the season. Post your questions for me below in the comments section and I may answer it on my website and my weekly TV show. Ask anything. It doesn't have to be basketball only., Wait, it's the 22nd? It's not the 23rd?! Oops, Megan's birthday is tomorrow. Too many games in too many days! It's hard enough remembering the two platoons; I've also got to remember four birthdays! Lol. Love you, Megan., It's my baby girl's birthday today. Megan turns 25. Ellen and I are so proud of what she's becoming., Henry Cho stopped by the office this morning. He killed it last night. Absolutely hilarious., Having a great time at Comedy Mania. This is with Henry Cho, Sinbad and Bill Engvall before the show., #BBN, Comedy Mania is tonight. It's not too late to get your tickets for a night full of laughs. Really happy to be a part of this and generate some funds for the people in Haiti who need it. Hope to see you there., null, Comedy Mania is TOMORROW. We will be auctioning off some cool stuff and this is a one-time only event that will raise money for a worthy cause. It's not too late to get tickets. We need you there, #BBN., I'll say it again: We have some of the greatest kids come through our program. Really nice of Julius to send this to me., Alright #BBN, don't go nuts. Don't think this is going to be a walk in the park. We played average offense, good defense, but we've got a ways to go. I've got a job to do, day to day, week to week, month to month. Our team defense and offense still need work, and just as importantly, we need to click better. I repeat, do not lose your mind and start counting wins or championships. We are a long ways away. Kansas, just like in 2012, could be right back in the title game., I'm so glad MKG could watch us tonight. We looked a little bit like him playing defense out there tonight, don't you think?, Watched UMass pull out the overtime victory as I waited on the SportsCenter set., Wow!!! Congrats to Matthew Mitchell and UK Hoops. They never stopped battling. Big-time win!, We don't have subs. We have reinforcements. #2platoons1team, #BBN, Paul Miller Ford is giving you the opportunity to design the Second Generation Coach Cal Edition Mustang. Ellen loved the last one. Can one of you do even better?, #BBN, you know I love you, but let me remind you to enjoy the ride. If we live and die with every play, we’re all going to crash. I know how much you love to break down film, but please, let’s not get into comparing player to player, platoon to platoon, especially after each game. We can’t get into that. We need to focus on building a team instead of creating clutter for individuals. Some games one guy is going to play well, in other games it will be someone else. That’s what makes this platoon system so great., We've got another birthday today. Let's show one of our newest family members, Charles Matthews, the power of #BBN and wish him a happy birthday., #BBN, we're getting back to work today, but let's not forget to wish Karl-Anthony Towns a happy birthday today. Karl got his bday brownies last night. Happy birthday!, Excited to announce the start of our 2015 class. All three of these players had dreams to play at Kentucky. Those dreams are now a reality. We didn’t have to beg any of them. They wanted to be here. They are all different, yet collectively they will complement each other nicely. It’s a great start to what could be a super class again. Now let's go play ball!, We have a long way to go but I'm excited for our guys tonight., #BBN, single-game tickets are still available, including for tonight's game., #BBN, join me in wishing Vickie Bell a happy birthday today. You'd be hard-pressed to find a more loyal supporter of the Kentucky Wildcats., Presented our rings from the run last year to our returners today. This wasn't to celebrate. This was to remember., Took Dan and his staff on a tour. He's changing the culture in Phoenix., I've got a big goal going forward: to beat Dan Majerle in recruiting his son. LOL., Everyone thinks Megan is happy go lucky. She's not always that way in the morning!!!, Congrats to Sophie Robic on signing her national letter of intent to play softball at UAB. Our basketball family couldn't be more proud., The birthday boy at school with the dean of students. No brownies from mom though. Too far away. LOL., Want to wish a happy Veteran's Day to those who has served to preserve and protect our freedom. Appreciate all you've done for our country., It's my baby's birthday! He's 18 and becoming a young man. Proud of you, Brad. Keep moving forward!!!, null, Kenny and me with Chip Kelly., At the Eagles game with owner Jeffrey Lurie and Jerry Haffey Sr. and Jr., With JB, general managers at Ralph's in Philly. Oldest family owner Italian restaurant in USA. Fantastic meal!, With Team Ambrosia. Good people doing great things., I hear Coach Briggs got excited after the game last night and made some statements. Let me be clear: If we played ANY NBA team, we would get buried. ANY., If you're in Rupp Arena tonight, keep an eye out for the Kentucky State Police. They're selling raffle tickets for the custom made Harley-Davidson. Proceeds from the Harley will benefit the Calipari Foundation and the Kentucky State Police. We're on the SEC Network tonight at 7 p.m. vs. Georgetown College. One more exhibition before they count next week., We've got another great deal for our Comedy Mania event on Nov. 20. Tickets are just $12 for select LOWER-LEVEL seats. First-come, first-serve. Join me, Bill Engvall, Sinbad, Henry Cho, Dailey & Vincent and more for a night of fun and laughter. Remember, proceeds go to charity., Thinking this morning about all the challenges that come with what we’re about to do and this popped in my mind: From the biggest challenges come the biggest rewards. #BBN, what’s the biggest reward we can get from this season?, #BBN, our men's soccer team needs you to #PackTheBell tomorrow night as it goes for the conference title. Admission is free. #WeAreUK, #BBN, it's Doron Lamb's birthday today. Happy birthday, Doron! Keep up the hard work., In D.C. to watch John Wall play. This woman raised one heck of a young man., #BBN, we are now only two weeks from the first big benefit event hosted by The Calipari Foundation. We need all of our fans to come out and join us for this incredible event. We are going to have a great night of comedy, music and even some magic. There will also be some really cool prizes given away. Join Bill Engvall, Sinbad, Henry Cho, Dailey & Vincent, Ted DiBiase and myself for Comedy Mania. We are still offering $10 off tickets with promo code BLUE. Get your tickets now to get the best seats available at www.RuppArena.com/ComedyMania., With former Wildcat great Kevin Grevey at his restaurant in Falls Church., null, #BBN, we've got a special birthday to celebrate today. Please join me in wishing Trey Lyles a happy birthday!, The #KentuckyEffect., Alex is next!, Spent the day recruiting and finished it up watching Nerlens Noel, Terrence Jones and Joey Dorsey in Philly. Great seeing all three of them., null, In the three weeks since we opened the doors to the NBA teams, our guys have really zeroed in on what we need to accomplish as a team. By letting our players eat first, we've all seen the benefit from it the last few weeks. We're going to let the NBA teams back in next week after our exhibition game with Georgetown College after four weeks of closed practices. Also, we're going to announce next year's NBA Open Practice date shortly., Talked with Michael Kidd-Gilchrist and he said he's fine. And by the way, he's playing great, too. Should I keep going?, Wow!!! I know it’s early, but what a start for our guys in the NBA. DeMarcus Cousins was unbelievable yesterday. John Wall and Brandon Knight are among the league leaders in assists. Terrence Jones is averaging 17 points and nine rebounds. Eric Bledsoe is going for 13 points, seven assists and six rebounds a night. And do I even need to say anything about Anthony Davis? He’s become one of the best players in the league. I can’t go through all of our guys because we’ve got so many (is that a humblebrag?), but all of our guys have taken their games to the next level. Even though I’m going to be recruiting this week, I’m hoping to catch up with some of our guys in the NBA and watch a couple games., Lexington had a blast this weekend with Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood., As we start the season two-platooning, my concern is that two platoons become two different teams. We don't want that. In order to make sure that doesn't happen, I've talked to some of my friends in the football coaching profession who are in charge of two units (offense and defense). I had a great talk with Mike Tomlin, I've talked to Anthony Munoz and Joe Gibbs left me a message. They all gave me great ideas. I also plan on talking  to Coach Stoops, Marvin Lewis and a few other of my friends. Time to get ready for our game tonight. We're on the SEC Network at 7 p.m. vs. Pikeville. #2platoons1team, Happy to see Coach Kelly Wells back in action after his transplant. Organ donation saves lives! Join the registry at donatelifeky.org., null, Congrats to Mark Stoops on his contract extension. Mark has been a perfect fit for the job and University of Kentucky Football's future is bright under his leadership., Our team accepted the #Layup4Lauren challenge. Anthony Davis and Darius Miller, you're up next., Doron Lamb is back on campus and doing two- and three-a-days with our coaching staff. He will be ready for his next opportunity. Proud of him., One of the youngest players in the country turns 18 today. Happy birthday, Devin Booker. Hope you're enjoying those brownies from Mrs. Cal., BUY ONE, GET ONE FREE TO COMEDY MANIA NOW!!! We have a wonderful opportunity to help a lot of kids all over the world through our Comedy Mania Benefit in three weeks. We need as many people as possible to join Bill Engvall, Sinbad, Dailey & Vincent, and myself at Rupp Arena. The more people that come, the more children we help. We need you and your entire family to come. Since we want to fill the arena, I am extending a very limited buy one, get one free offer on select tickets for the next two days ONLY or until they are gone. Please go NOW to www.RuppArena.com/ComedyMania and enter the promo code BOGO in the BOGO discount section. Offer ends Friday at 10 p.m. ET., My good friend and mentor is having a birthday today. Bob Marcum turns 78 years young. Happy birthday!!!, I feel absolutely sick for Julius Randle but I know he's going to come back from this better than ever. I'm praying for you, kid. Hang in there., Had some of the UK Athletics family over to wish John Hayden, his wife, Maria, and their daughter, Lilly, well on their new adventure. John has been a valuable member of our staff at Kentucky and we are going to miss him and his family. Big thanks to Charles Patterson, Justin Cooper and Cat Wolf from Chatham's for providing the food. The sweet potatoes were out of this world., Good luck to all of our guys as they begin the 2014-15 NBA season. I've got a feeling we're going to have a lot of guys have big years. http://www.coachcal.com/31320/2014/10/19-former-coach-cal-players-nba-opening-day-rosters/, null, If you have children who are still in the house, hug them. And if you have left the nest, call your parents and tell them you love them., Happy birthday to Andrew and Aaron. Enjoy your brownies from Mrs. Cal. Big advantage to get two pans of brownies., Congrats to Hank Curtis and Katie Wolf on winning the two spring scholarships tonight. One of my new favorite traditions., Congratulations to Zack Banks on being the first to guess the two platoons tonight. We'll go with the Harrison twins, Willie Cauley-Stein, Trey Lyles, Karl-Anthony Towns, and Derek Willis on one team and Tyler Ulis, Devin Booker, Alex Poythress, Marcus Lee, Dakari Johnson, and Dominique Hawkins on the other. Zack, please send an email to staff@coachcal.com with your phone number so we can get the tickets to you for tonight., Our Blue-White Scrimmage is on national television (SEC Network) tonight at 7. Both platoons tonight will feature four veterans and two freshmen. Can you guess the two platoons we'll use? The first to guess right will get two tickets behind the bench for tonight’s scrimmage. You need to guess the top six for both platoons. Due to NCAA rules, prospective student-athletes (grades 7-12), their family members or individuals associated with prospective student-athletes are not allowed to participate in this contest. Also, don't forget that two UK students will win in-state scholarships for the 2015 spring semester from Ellen and me just for being there tonight. The odds of winning are pretty good., I’ve got three leadership books going right now to get me in the right mind frame for the season. I’m reading “Good Leaders Ask Great Questions,” “Leading So People Will Follow,” and “Be, Know, Do." Check them out when you get a chance. Great, empowering reads., More than 350 at our Coaches' Clinic this morning. The guys did great in our defensive-focused practice. We will move to offense this afternoon and do some scrimmaging in both man and zone. After that, it's time to turn our attention to UK Football. Let's go!, It's my good friend Drake's birthday today. He's 28. Let's all sing out loud to him at exactly 8 p.m. LOL!, We broke them down into two groups today that I REALLY like. Two platoons, #OneTeam., Want to wish Monica Fowler, our team dietician, a speedy recovery. She does a great job with our players. The guys really love her., The basketball gods stepped in yesterday and cut our practice short, but here are some video highlights -- not to mention a spotlight on Robes -- from our practice yesterday., Congratulations to Derek Kellogg on the contract extension. Well-deserved!, With Travis Freeman and family at the 23 Blast movie debut., Love this from yesterday. Tyler coming in on his day off to get a workout in., Attention #BBN students: I'm going to award two 2015 spring semester in-state scholarships at the Blue-White Scrimmage. We will randomly select the winners at the end of the scrimmage. You must be present to win. Students can sign up at the regular student entrance at Rupp. Hope to see you there Monday., Look who stopped by to watch us practice today. Great young man with a tremendous head on his shoulders. #LaFamilia, Put the veterans against the young guys today. Vets beat them by a few buckets in man. In zone the older guys beat them by double digits., Mr. Gatton is the ultimate servant leader. We can’t thank him enough for all he’s done for our university., Limited spots are left for our Coaches' Clinic this weekend. If you want to get one of the final spots, sign up now!, Jimmie Sacco, the Heinz Field GM. He's the best in the business, This one's with Matt Kemp. Ran into these guys at the Steelers game., With Andrew McCutchen and Thomas Tull., Had a great lunch meeting with this group of folks from the Southern California Chapter of WPO/YPO today. Glad I got to meet David Switzer, John and Mary Carrington, Rick and Mary Godber, Ken and Barbara Strottman, Hal and Pam Bennett, and Bruce and Karen Carso., Team picture with our newest member before #BBM14. #LetsBall #WeAreUK #LaFamilia, The newest member of our team. #LetsBall #BBM14 #WeAreUK #LaFamilia, #Repost from @rupp_arena Who's ready? #BBM14 #WeAreUK #BBN, You can also pick up our official schedule cards for this season after #BBM14 at Subway restaurants across the state of Kentucky., Wow, have you seen our poster for this year? They will be available in Kroger stores across the state of Kentucky after #BBM14., I miss my baby boy. As you can tell, he thinks he's too old for a kiss from his dad., If you've never been to a UK game at Rupp Arena before, now's your your chance, #BBN!, Our Comedy Mania benefit next month just got even bigger. We have just added a major act! We already have Bill Engvall and Sinbad. Now we have added multi-Grammy-nominated and three-time Entertainers of the Year Dailey and Vincent to the lineup. This is going to be incredible. If you have not purchased your tickets yet, do it today. Remember you can get $10 off your tickets for a limited time with promo code BLUE at www.RuppArena.com/ComedyMania, I can’t begin to tell you how much we are going to miss Mike Slive, one of the best there is, in the SEC. I’ve worked with Commissioner Slive in two different leagues, both in the SEC and Conference USA. I wouldn’t have gotten either of my last two jobs without his support, so my wife and I will forever be indebted to him. Commissioner Slive has a brilliant mind. He’s one of the most thorough and forward-thinking leaders I have ever been around. He’s a man with integrity who has built an unbelievable brand and legacy in the SEC. He will be missed by all of us. Let’s finish his last year strong., Did you know that 17 of the NBA's 30 teams have at least one player who has played for one of my programs? Two teams have three (Pelicans, Suns)., Our engineering school puts out engineers, our law school puts out lawyers, and my hope is that every game we turn on one day looks like this., One of the strongest supporters of our campus and my good friend Joe Craft has a birthday today. Happy birthday!, We had two more practices yesterday in front of a full house of NBA personnel. A few that couldn't come Friday made it yesterday. We focused on defense in the morning and offense in the afternoon with some 3-on-3 sprinkled in there. We will have one more practice today. I think the kids have performed well and everyone has benefited from this weekend. Now it's time to get down to work and make this right., Milt Newton, my FIRST recruit. He's now the general manger of the Minnesota Timberwolves., New poster pictures in Rupp training room. Powerful., It's Royce Pulliam's birthday. Have a great day, my friend., Want to thank David Zapata for inviting me to speak to his Procter & Gamble group. Great group and leadership that is continuing to look for ways to improve., Lari Ketner passed away today. Bruiser Flint and I recruited Lari to UMass. Sad day for the family. My prayers go out to them., #Repost from @coachcaldotcom Just your everyday practice. Only at Kentucky. #UKpractice, #Repost from @coachcaldotcom Who's watching practice today? You can watch UK's open practice at 3 p.m. on ESPNU., Here's the setup for today's practice. We're expecting 90 NBA personnel. Other than the NBA Combine, has there ever been more NBA personnel in one building to scout? #WeAreUK, Pat Harrington, part of our Five Star Camp pack, passed away. Prayers for he and his young family. Sad day., #BBN, one of our own, Thomas Neuteufel, a Patterson Scholar at UK, has developed an app to record basketball stats. Check it out when you get a chance. It's free to download. https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/half-court-stats/id875153545?mt=8., #BBN, single-game tickets for our first four home games are on sale, as well tickets to the Blue-White Scrimmage. , Using the Blue Platoon System should lead to many succeeding and proceeding!, I like where we are so far but we have a long way to go. Another practice this evening. , Yes!!! That's what I'm talking about!!!  Great battle, great fans and great finish. #WeAreUK #ChangeTheGame #WhyNot, That's what I'm talking about, UK football! And how about the student section! #StoopsTroops is packed. Shoutout to #BBN for the support., Dinner with three special players! A lot of wins at the table with me and Kenny. They all embellished their Coach Cal stories. NEVER HAPPENED!, Great first day of practice. Can't wait to get back on the court tomorrow morning with our guys. In the meantime, check out what we did on our first day. , I enjoy all the different parts of my job, but nothing makes me happier than getting on the court with my guys and coaching my team. Great day., I wish every coach who is starting their season today the best, especially those from our family. Let's all stay focused on developing our young people., Excited to offer everyone a special limited time $10 discount on Comedy Mania Tickets. Use promo code BLUE to get $10 off Comedy Mania tickets through Oct. 15. Join me, Bill Engvall, Sinbad, Ted DiBiase,and several others for a fun evening of comedy and music that will help a lot of children in Haiti and other countries. Click here to buy your tickets now: http://www.ticketmaster.com/event/16004D0FE1467B3F, With Chris Douglas-Roberts from my Memphis team. "Buckets" could PLAY. First-team All-American., This is what 3.1 seconds in a 3/4-court sprint looks like. @t_ulis3, The staff and I met with Doc Rivers and his staff this morning to pick his brain about some things and talk about the challenges we will face this season. We really got a lot out of the meeting. Doc has an all-star staff. Thanks to Doc, Armond, Brendan, Lawrence, Woody and Sam., null, Quick trip to Louisville for the Tip-Off Luncheon made me think of my friend Rick Corman. Miss him., Love these pics of the #BBN women having fun at our clinic today. Do we have the greatest fans or what? http://www.coachcal.com/30995/2014/09/photo-gallery-women-crazy/, Another amazing Women’s Clinic. We set a new record this year with nearly 800 attendees. You women are crazy! Big thanks to Pieratt's Alumni Hall, Rafferty's and Jimmy John's for their help today. Couldn’t have put it on without them. Make sure you enter Pieratt’ Big Blue Bomber 3-point Contest. You can enter at their Facebook page at https://www.facebook.com/pieratts/app_194975693850063. 
, 3 goggles w/a lot of moms. Biggest bball mom gathering in the world. Speaking of moms,  happy bday, you know who you are!, Our team had a big night. Had a chance to meet with the champ and later got to meet Jim Brown. Think about that in one night. Jealous I missed it., Michael Kidd-Gilchrist is about to enter his third season in the NBA and just turned 21 today. Wow! Happy birthday, Michael!, Talked to my 2009-10 backcourt today. Spoke to John Wall earlier and congratulated Eric Bledsoe on his new deal an hour ago. So proud of both., Went to our volleyball team's practice today. They're doing loose-ball drills the day before their first SEC game. And I love the chatter. They're for real., Here's my other point guard. #BBN, is the rim low this time or can he actually do that?, I was doing this after I dictated the post at the link. LOL! http://www.coachcal.com/30963/2014/09/next-watershed-moment-kentucky/, I was doing this after I dictated this post about the next watershed moment at Kentucky. http://www.coachcal.com/30963/2014/09/next-watershed-moment-kentucky/, I appreciate the Courier-Journal's apology. Although it was something they didn't need to do, it's something most papers wouldn't have done., #BBN, Dakari Johnson turns 19 today. Let's all wish him a happy birthday. Don't forget to pick up your birthday brownies today, Dakari., Register to win four FREE tickets to our upcoming Comedy Mania benefit on Nov. 20 with Bill Engvall, Sinbad and more. Go to wkyt.secondstreetapp.com/fb16305 to register to win NOW., Tyler Ulis CAN dunk., Had the guys over tonight for a little fun., Our guys are in the best shape they have ever been, but John Cena ... Wow!!!, John Cena stopped by. A champ at everything he does!!!!, What's that I say about the #BBN? Ah, that's right -- you people are crazy!!!, Wow!!!! #Repost from @coachcaldotcom The scene tonight at the #BBMcampout. Only at Kentucky., Jim Boeheim's comments were brought to my attention and I called him. We are friends. I have unbelievable respect for him and how he runs his program. Any concerns that college coaches have had in the past have always been addressed by USA Basketball. The job that Coach K and Coach Boeheim have done to turn around USA Basketball, to make it what it is today is truly amazing. If – and I emphasize if – they gained any advantage, because of that work, I don’t begrudge them in the least. My time with the Dominican Republic national team showed me how hard and how much time it takes away from your own team and your recruiting to do those things right. There’s not a college coach in the country that would say no to Jerry Colangelo if he asked them to coach the national team. My hope is they would handle it the same way it’s being handled now., Here it is, #BBN. Our complete 2014-15 schedule. We'll be on national television 32 times this year. , Great work by our guys. It's about servant leadership. , A friend texted me and told me that an orange a day reduces your chance of a heart attack by 50 percent. I texted back, having great players reduces your chance even more., #BBN, a friend of one of our fantasy campers really needs our help. Owen McMasters could really use a bone marrow match. You can register at deletebloodcancer.org. Please spread the word and keep Owen in your prayers and thoughts., I hear the #BBMcampout tent count is up to 680. We're talking about practice! Only at Kentucky! #WeAreUK , Two Pittsburgh coaching legends: Coach Kuzma (who passed this past week) and Coach Conboy., #Repost from @coachcaldotcom Look who made a surprise appearance at the #BBMcampout to hand out Papa John's pizza and play cornhole with campers. It's Michael Kidd-Gilchrist., Thanks to our friends at Tempur Pedic for helping us give away some mattresses and pillows to some dedicated fans at the #BBMcampout. And congratulations to Morgan Todd, Colin Draper, Kaitlyn Tompkins, Taylor Lacheta and Drew Wilden on winning the mattresses. (Photos by @reynsoul), Have you signed up for our Coaches' Clinic on Oct. 25? Last year's was sold out and limited spots remain for this year. , You people are crazy! The passion of this fan base never ceases to amaze me. #BBN is the best., Former player and my friend Reggie Warford is having heart transplant tonight. Keep him in your prayers, #BBN., It's been a sad Monday. The mother of Harper Williams, a former player of mine at UMass, has passed away. She did a great job raising her son. I’ve also learned that Hank Kuzma, one of the fathers of basketball coaching in Western Pennsylvania and Ohio, passed away this weekend. Hank won state championships at Midland High School before taking over at Steubenville College. He was a great friend and mentor to me. As a matter of fact, Hank came to our game at Robert Morris a couple of years ago and talked to me about my career and where I came from. My prayers and thoughts are with both families today., At the Niners' game tonight., Congratulations to Anthony Davis, DeMarcus Cousins, Derrick Rose and all of USA Basketball on capturing the gold. Dominant run!, My seat at the fight last night. Sat right behind Warren Buffett, who's a big Floyd Mayweather fan., #BBN, join me in wishing Marcus Lee a happy birthday. Happy birthday, Marcus!, I'm sick. #BBN better believe in Coach Stoops and UK football after seeing that fight and passion. Show them the support they deserve., With Jamie Foxx and his friend and teammate Rob Bailey he wants to come to fantasy camp next year. Says he's good for 20 per game. Let's go! Great guy!!, Have you gotten your tickets for Comedy Mania yet? Bill Engvall, Sinbad and more will be at Rupp Arena on Nov. 20. Proceeds will support clean water initiatives and provide shoes for children and families across the globe. Funds raised will also go towards literacy programs. , Wow, what a win for UK men's soccer! Knocked off the defending national champions and No. 2 team in the country on their home turf. Congrats!!, We never forget about you at UK. Great win for the football team today. #WeAreUK, Had the guys over for dinner tonight, something Ellen always looks forward to., How about Joe Craft and Kelly Knight tying the knot? Congrats to you both!, The Dominican Republic national team has advanced to the FIBA World Cup round of 16 for the first time in the country’s history. Congratulations to Orlando and all the guys on the team. I couldn't be more proud of everyone on that team, past and present., Our good friend Bill Gatton may be the most knowledgeable UK basketball fan there is. Had him speak to our team., Ellen and I are staying in the same room in the same hotel in Amherst as we did when we were offered the UMass job in April 1988. Must be a good sign. We come home tomorrow and officially begin our search for matching sweaters.  Please don't send any sweaters. We will take picture recommendations though., I hope you will join us Nov. 20 for "Comedy Mania." We've got a great cast of stars and proceeds will go to a great cause. , Congrats to Coach Stoops and UK football on the great start to the season!, Excited to see what Coach Stoops and University of Kentucky Football have in store for us this year. I can't wait to watch. I also want to encourage everyone to come out to Commonwealth tomorrow. Let's support our student-athletes!!! #WeAreUK #ChangeTheGame, #BBN, our final story in the "Meet the Wildcats" series is on Trey Lyles, who I am hoping will become our next beast. , I mentioned in an article the positive effect the players have on each other and their careers after playing USA Basketball. It was the same effect for the Dominican players and me with the Dominican Republic national team. Good luck to all our players and both teams! , A lot of the stuff I’m reading  in "A Team of Leaders" is about empowering a team, which is my challenge every year. It explains some of the challenges I have with new teams, new players and new roles every year, and how I can empower individuals and teams. Really good read. 
, As classes start let me wish you good luck. Please ask for HELP when you need it! The most successful, academically or personally, always do. We are all here for you! #studentsfirst, Happy birthday to Mitch Barnhart. Ellen and I have this opportunity because of him and we are grateful. His support has made all this possible!, Can you believe we’ll be watching football in less than a week? UK football wants to know who’s going to #ChangeTheGame for the Cats this season. I have to go with my good friend Coach Stoops. Share your choice by clicking this link: http://bit.ly/SoundtheSiren, Want to thank everyone again who made this weekend’s fantasy experience such a success. Thank you to all the campers, the coaches, our sponsors, everyone who matched funds and participated in the auction, and anyone else I missed. Without the collective support of a lot of people, generating $1 million for charity this weekend would not have been possible. Thank you!!! , Congratulations to Tony Barbee and the CBTS team for winning the fantasy experience championship.  It never ceases to amaze me, when competition starts, the competitors come to play. As the legs start to go, the mind steps up. Love it., Our tournament MVP Billy Wilford receiving his award thanks to our friends Crown Trophy Lexington., Last night I was sitting in my chair and started looking around when I noticed how empty the house looked. It hit me that my boy, Brad, is headed off to prep school. I got kind of got emotional, like, what just happened? I'm actually headed out to take him up there now. Before I do, I want to thank everyone one more time for all their help with this weekend. All of our campers are here to win the championship, but the heart of this whole thing is charity. Glad we could generate $1 million again., One of my favorite players at Memphis, Jeremy Hunt., We did it again! The fantasy experience, with matching funds, generated more than a million dollars. Twenty different organizations will benefit. We’ll give you more details tomorrow. Time for bed., Want to thank Joey Lentz of RS Guitarworks for donating this custom-made guitar for tonight's fantasy auction as well as all the NBA players who donated jerseys. Helping make a big difference in our community., Our first female team owner!!!, Happy to make this donation to JDRF on behalf of Eva Whitaker., Chris Burns from CBTS leading his team to a No. 1 seed for championship Sunday. Special thanks to all our friends at CBTS!, It is Rick Corman's birthday today. Man, I miss my brother!, With my Fantasy Camp team. I love these guys! Jerry Haffey Sr., Jerry Haffey Jr., Stuart Lackey, Jason Carlock, JR Edmondson, Nathaniel Cook, David Moss, Chris Simon, Nick Alberto, Jeff Orberson and Walter Lunsford., Our title sponsor and my assistant Walter Lunsford coaching ‘em up on the sidelines!, Great start to fantasy camp. I'm always blown away by how much these guys want to win. They take this thing serious! , Here's the @Kroger team at my fantasy camp smelling as fresh as they look thanks to @OldSpice., The NBA got its first female coach this year. Well, we have our first female fantasy circuit player in Kimberly Parks for this year's camp. Carolyn Howell is also joining us this year as a team owner., Fantasy camp starts today! Get to see old friends and meet new ones. Hoping to raise $1 million for charity in three days. Amazing weekend for all!!, You can disagree without being disagreeable. Mike Francesa and I are good. Always have been. By the way, once again he's wrong. LOL!, #BBN, our 2014 Coaches' Clinic has been set for Oct. 25. Last year's was sold out so I would register now! Registration closes Oct. 22. , #BBN, here's my website's latest "Meet the Wildcats" story. This one's on Tyler Ulis. Love his energy!!! , Yesterday would have been Gene Bartow’s birthday. I miss my good friend. Also, praying for a quick recovery for Bishop Gainer, who is recovering from hip replacement surgery., Happy birthday to Willie Cauley-Stein! Can't wait for him to rejoin us on the court. He's going to be an integral part of our success this year., #BBN, let’s all take a breath. It’s been an exciting last few weeks, but we need to accept that we have a long way to go if we hope to become what we want to be. It’s time to shift our attention to University of Kentucky Football, Kentucky Volleyball, men's soccer, women's soccer and cross country. Looking forward to watching them., Before we head back to States, want to wish Archie Goodwin a happy 20th birthday. #BBN, make sure you send him some wishes as well., Would have liked for us to make a play down the stretch, but we may have needed this to show our guys that you have to bring it every game. There is no birthright on that court. You have to have energy every minute you're out there. If you don't, you're not playing. Just because we are doing rotations doesn't mean you're guaranteed 20 minutes. It doesn't work that way. Our guys learned that today. Having said all that, what a great trip for our guys. We really learned a lot about ourselves and grew closer. I think we are all ready to come home, and if I had to do it over again the trip would be shorter. But couldn't have asked for a better trip., You could tell our legs were a little tired today which led to some poor transition defense, but that's to be expected with this many games on one trip. I was proud of the way our guys competed and showed a will to win. One more to go and then we're coming home, #BBN. , I accept Eric Bledsoe's ALS Ice Bucket Challenge and WE nominate the entire 2012 national championship team to take the challenge! On behalf of UK basketball, Ellen and I are also going to donate to our local ALS chapter. I encourage other community members to do the same., #BBN, let's all wish James Young a happy birthday. Can you believe he's only 19?, I can’t begin to tell you how happy I was to to see the players I coached on the Dominican Republic national team today. Great guys and the ultimate competitors. And then seeing Orlando coaching against Kenny made me feel really good about what we try to do here, developing players and coaches. If it looked our energy was down a little bit, it was. We took a little step back in our transition defense and a couple of other areas, but nothing drastic. Dakari and Marcus were unbelievable today. Really great. And then when you talk about Alex, he’s coming into his own. This has to be the foundation for him to build toward greatness. Understand all these guys are doing this in 20 minutes. Just shows you don’t need 40 minutes to show who you are as a player. , As promised, here is video of our boat trip from yesterday. Guys had a lot of fun. Now time for basketball. , Eloy!!! So proud of him., With Champagne Chalons-Reims Basket., With all the coaches from this week. Want to thank them for helping make this possible., With my old Dominican team. I love these guys. Made me a better coach. I just hope they take it easy on us tomorrow., Got back from snorkeling a little bit ago. We will have more pics and some video later, but I can tell you right now the guys had a blast. Headed to a #BigBlueBahamas reception right now, but after that it's all basketball., My oldest daughter, Erin, married Cody today. She is now Dr. Erin Siciliano Calipari. Megan was there. Ellen, Brad and I can't wait until the reception to celebrate., When I get time to myself, you know I can’t help but think. Well, I’ve come up with one of my best ideas yet. It's crazy, ridiculous. Hum diddy diddy. BUT, I'm not going to tell you until it's ready to be executed. When I put it together, you’ll say, “That was the idea he was talking about.”, I was walking on the beach this morning and doing a little thinking when I saw footprints in the sand. It reminded me of the poem "Footprints in the Sand." Thought you may enjoy reading it if you never have. , I invited Jay Bilas to speak to the team tonight, and I'm glad I did. It was one of the most interesting and insightful talks I've heard in a while. Jay is a brilliant basketball mind and a guy I think our players can relate to. I think they really got a lot out of what he said., #BBN, if you enjoyed our story & pics of our @Samaritans_Feet video earlier, you're really going to love this video. , What a great experience today with Samaritan's Feet. What Manny does for children across the world is unbelievable. We teach our players about servant leadership, and today’s work with Samaritan's Feet was a perfect opportunity to give them a lesson in it. We were able to provide hope for some young kids in need while giving them new shoes and socks. The greatest part for me was seeing what our guys got out of it. It really changed their perspective. Lot of smiles. , #BBN, make sure you wish DeMarcus Cousins a happy birthday today. DeMarcus is still one of Ellen's favorites. Happy birthday, Boogie!, With what we’ve been able to do with bringing our guys back for our fans and raising money for charity, the UK Alumni Charity Game has turned into one of my favorite events at UK. Unfortunately, due to a number of circumstances out of our control, we are going to have to cancel this year’s game. We consider the alumni game to be a first-class experience, but without the presence of several of our key alums who had previous commitments, including to USA Basketball, we didn’t feel we could meet the standard that we have set for fans, We still had enough commitments to field our team, but it was becoming increasingly difficult to secure enough members for the non-UK team. While I’m disappointed for our fans and for the great organizations we were able to help with the game, I’m happy we will still be able to make an impact on our community with the proceeds from my fantasy experience. Anyone who purchased tickets for the game will receive a full refund. Tickets purchased in person need to be returned to the point of purchase. Tickets purchased online or over the phone will be credited back to the card used for the original purchase., Liked what I saw today. This could be special, but we are going to have to be mentally tough enough to not be sabotaged. When I say sabotaged, you're going to have a lot of people trying to make stories out of our depth and wonder if we can still have chemistry. Don't listen to it, #BBN! Don't buy it. Understand what we're trying to do. It isn't going to crack me or my team, but don't let it crack you. #PlayersFirst , Our honorary assistant for today is the REAL Joe Hall lol., Proud of our guys. My job is to empower them to make it their team. Today showed that we are further along than any team I've had in awhile. Kenny did a better job than I would have. Should I try this during the season? I had fun today. , With Patrick Wren and his two boys. Patrick is going to serve as one of our assistants today., Champagne Chalons-Reims Basket head coach Antic Nikola just gave me a famous bottle of champagne from his hometown. Now I have to get him some famous Kentucky bourbon., Getting ready for our second game in the Bahamas. Kenny is going to coach today's game so Tony and I can watch and evaluate. We played well yesterday, but we've got a big test today. This French team has several guys who have played in the NBA. Great opportunity for us to learn and grow. Remember, our game is at 1 p.m. ET on ESPNU. You can also watch it on the WatchESPN app. , We hit the trifecta today in the Bahamas! Three birthdays in one day: John Robic, Tony Barbee and Linda Carmack. #BBN, let's wish them all a happy birthday., #BBN, what did you think? For Aug. 10 and only a handful of practices, I was really pleased. I thought everybody gave us a great effort and had a lot of fun. Alex was an absolute beast. He's starting to put it all together, and boy can he do some things that other people can't. We're back tomorrow at 1 p.m. ET. , Good morning from paradise, #BBN. Our first game is today at 1 p.m. ET on ESPNU., #BBN, here's a video recap of our first day in the Bahamas. We're just getting started. , Guys are having a blast so far in the Bahamas. Great practice when we arrived, just finished up with a pep rally and now headed to dinner. Excited to start learning more about our team tomorrow. This is a great opportunity for us to grow and build chemistry. , #BBN, we're getting ready to take off for the Bahamas. Can't wait to get this trip started., With Hall of Famer Van Chancellor's grandson, Zachary Asaro., With my friend Harvey Mackay. I've read every book he's written., My prayers and thoughts today are with the family of Duane Stokes, a high school basketball coach in Memphis who unexpectedly passed away yesterday. Duane coached Jeremy Hunt, a former player of mine at Memphis, in high school., I have expanded my fantasy camp to eight teams and there are now just a few spots left. Be one of the last to join us! , Antwain Barbour has joined Joe Crawrford, Erik Daniels, Antoine Walker, Derek Anderson and Randolph Morris in our 2014 Alumni Charity Game. #BBN, who would you like to see them play against? Any requests for the World visiting team? And if you haven't gotten your tickets yet, why not? Full proceeds go to charity. , #BBN, my website's second "Meet the Wildcats" feature is now up. Great read on Devin Booker. , #BBN's outpouring of support for Dash was truly amazing. Shows a lot about who we are in Kentucky. He was my boy and I miss him., #BBN, have you bought your tickets for the UK Alumni Charity Game yet? We can't confirm which NBA players are playing, per NBA rules, but I can confirm Joe Crawford, Erik Daniels, Antoine Walker, Derek Anderson and Randolph Morris are in. Our UK pros are going against pros from other teams, some of who I know the #BBN has a love-hate relationship with. Should be fun. Remember, full proceeds from the game will go to charity. Let's make this even bigger than last year. , It breaks my heart to report that our German Shepherd, Dash, also known as the Mean and Nimble One, has passed away. Like a dog or a cat is to most of you, he had become part of our family and we are sick to our stomachs to lose him. We're going to miss him., It breaks my heart to report that our German Shepherd, Dash, also known as the Mean and Nimble One, has passed away. Like a dog or a cat is to most of you, he had become part of our family and we are sick to our stomachs to lose him. We're going to miss him. , It’s been a rough day. Dash, aka the Mean and Nimble One, got sick last night. We didn’t know what it was so we took him to the hospital and they kept him overnight. Saw him this morning and he hasn't gotten any better. I’m going to stop and see him this afternoon before I go to practice. #BBN, if you don’t mind, say a little doggie prayer for him., This year's Women's Clinic has been set for Sept. 28. If I were you I'd register now. Last three have been sold out. , My point guard and shooter, Barry Cottle and Tanner Logue., With Jerry Haffey Jr. and Sr., two great guys. Sr. is gonna be my new assistant coach ... at USA Fantasy Camp., I'm excited that Tony Barbee, a longtime friend, former player and former assistant of mine, is joining our staff. Tony has been a part of my basketball family for over 20 years. I've had the pleasure of watching him grow up and mature with this game since I started recruiting him when he was 16 years old. I’m thrilled with the knowledge and experience he brings to this program and our staff and am looking forward to working with him again. , My USA Basketball fantasy team from left to right, top to bottom: John Backer, Jay Bilas, Zeus Hernandez, Matt Repa, Ky Webb, Nehme Abouzeid, Bill Raftery, Jerry Haffey, Greg Balturshot, Tanner Logue and Barry Bottle. Having a blast with these guys., #BBN, on my website, we're going to be profiling our new guys over the next several weeks, before and after the Bahamas trip. The first one is on Karl-Anthony Towns. Check it out. , Nothing better than visiting with my sons. The three of us, John Wall and Derrick Rose are all going to have dinner tonight. Who is picking up the check?, With @realjamesyoung at our @procamps in Florence., A UK cancer doctor is investing his own hard work and sweat to upgrade the cancer services available to Central Kentucky and he needs our help. Join Dr. Feddock in his fight against cancer and donate today at ironcology.net. , Tickets for our Alumni Charity Game are on sale. You can get them by calling 1-800-745-3000 or going to Ticketmaster.com. This year's game will be a team of UK pros vs. a team of non-UK pros. Remember, full proceeds go to charity., Kicking off @procamps this morning with @juliusrandle30 and our team., Sad to hear of the passing of arguably the greatest UK athlete, Wah Wah Jones. He was an All-American under Adolph Rupp and Bear Bryant. #BBN, please join me in praying for both his family and friends. http://www.ukathletics.com/view.gal?id=126855&slide=31, Happy Birthday to Eric Lindsey who just completed his third year as the content editor for CoachCal.com. #BBN, join me in wishing Eric a very happy birthday., #BBN, I think you're going to enjoy this video on our strength and conditioning program. Our guys put a lot of work in over the summer to get them ready for the season. And a big credit goes to our staff for getting them there., Friend, colleague and brother James "Bruiser" Flint turns 49 today. You are getting old, my friend! Lol!, Our annual UK Alumni Charity Game is set for Aug. 24. This year we are going to have a team of UK pros go against a team of non-UK pros. Tickets for the game will go on sale Monday at 10 a.m. Remember, full proceeds from the game go to charity. Hope to see you there. , #BBN, join Julius Randle, James Young, the coaching staff and current players for our @ProCamps coming up July 28-29. Register now at ukathletics.com/camps/. , Saw RJ Corman sign and thought about Rick. Today would have been his 59th birthday. Miss him., At a commercial shoot with five great kids: Brooklynn, Devon, Micah, @ukcoachmitchell and Coach Stoops., Let me explain why I said it's nice to have returning players. When you have older guys who have done this and understand what we're asking of them, it makes the transition for the freshmen so much easier. This group of veterans has been really good so far at leading and teaching. Oh, and by the way, here's that practice report I told you was coming. Enjoy, #BBN. , Boy is it nice to have returning players. I haven't had that in five years. They understand what we're trying to do. Oh, by the way, we will have a practice report on my website later today or tomorrow., Halfway through my autographed copy of Coach Ted Owens' book, "At the Hang-Up," and it's already clear it's a great book for all basketball fans. Lot of great history and lessons. Coach Owens gave me my first coaching opportunity at Kansas. I was offered the volunteer position and loved my time at that storied program. , New baby girl born in the Long family!  Mackenzie Dawn to Ashley and Ben Totten. Prayers answered!, Sad day for all the UMass family. Soccer coach and my friend Sam Koch passed away last night. He touched so many lives and did it with a smile on his face. I will miss him and be praying for him and his family., Headed home after another day of recruiting and then the Starkey Gala. I'm absolutely juiced because I get to work out my team tomorrow., Got to meet Hillary Clinton. She looked great! Really exciting stuff!, With Phyllis Hait of Audible Hearing., I found myself a big guy!!!, Got off the road, go to my office and find out I've got a full team doing what it does just about every night: playing. This team loves to play and the players are beginning to love and trust each other. I want this to be the most enjoyable year for our players and our staff, not to mention our crazy fans, the #BBN. Let's have fun., Donta Bright from my UMass days. He looks great!, With UMass' finest, Julius Erving. Did you know Julius Randle was named after Dr. J?, I found Ellen's baby at the ESPYs. @boogiecousins, Robes has told me that he once hit a home run off Dan Marino. Dan just told me that's BS!, How about this guy and the run his Mercer team had in the NCAA Tournament?, So proud of @specialk44 for winning Gatorade Male High School Athlete of the Year., With @erinandrews and Jarret Stoll at the ESPY Awards., With Ed Schilling, who worked with me at UMass and with the Nets, and Steve Alford., Congratulations to Karl Towns on winning Gatorade Male High School Athlete of the Year. Great player, even better kid. Proud of him., Two terrific players who are great students. @brandonknight11 @specialk44, Saw some reports that Joey Dorsey is headed to Houston. Yeah, Joey!!!!, The pre-ESPY's party. Kidding. Dinner with my good friend Drake. Fame hasn't moved this mega star., My favorite Viking and broadcaster!, My 2014 Fantasy Experience is officially sold out! Looking forward to having all of you join the UK basketball family Aug. 22-24. We are currently taking a wait list and will expand if we can get 10 more. , Two Pittsburgh guys! @mcuban, Congrats to LeBron James and his family! What's better than going home for the right reasons? I'm happy for Cleveland, the Cleveland Cavaliers and their fans., Will I coach long enough to coach this point guard?, Looked who I bumped into on the road. @brandonknight11, Ran into my first draft pick with the Nets, Kerry Kittles. Looks great and as always a great guy who I enjoyed coaching!, Have you signed up for our ProCamps yet? This year our featured pros are going to be Julius Randle, James Young, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist and DeMarcus Cousins. , Want to wish my mother-in-law a happy birthday. Wish we could be there to celebrate with her., In 15 minutes I'm going to get on the floor with my team for the first time for skill instruction and I am jacked. Willie and Trey won't participate but everyone else is on deck and ready to go. We're going to do a little experimenting and give them some drills that we will do daily so they have them when we start our practices for our foreign trip and I don't have to waste time., Want to thank the Books-A-Million staff in Nashville for all their help with the #PlayersFirst signing today. Nice turnout., Since I had to cancel last month, I'll be at the Books-A-Million on Charlotte Pike in Nashville tonight at 6 to sign copies of #PlayersFirst. See you there., Limited space remains at my 2014 Fantasy Experience. Be one of the last few to join the UK basketball family Aug. 22-24. www.johncalipariexperience.com, #BBN, let's all wish John Hayden a happy birthday. John celebrated his birthday yesterday and has been tremendous in his role as our sports information director. Happy birthday, John!, Wow, what a debut for Nerlens Noel. He deserves it. I know he's worked so hard to get back get back on the court., Our guys have been really committed to each other this summer. I've been really impressed with the leadership, the competitiveness and the togetherness at such an early stage. They are all going to take a few days off for the holiday before they come back and we get ready to work and prepare for a tough summer tour, which will begin in early August. Our team wishes everybody a happy Fourth of July. Please be safe in celebrating., Met up with Dr. Calipari after the game., May have been the last time I will ever see Derek Jeter bat in person. What a career. What a role model., Look who I got to come with me to the Yankees game today., Here it is, #BBN: Our 2014-15 nonconference schedule. What do you think?, #BBN, make sure you're following @KentuckyMBB on Twitter. We're going to be announcing our full 2014-15 nonconference schedule from there soon., Every year around this time, I like to post what I call my annual recruiting manifesto. This year I'm doing something a little different. This year I have come up with 20 questions that I would recommend any player, especially an elite-level athlete, ask a coach or a program so that he can gather the information to make a good business decision. , Really sad day in Lexington. Paul E. Miller, the founder of the Paul Miller ford dealership in Lexington, has passed away. Mr. Miller was a great man who always made his employees' well-being a priority. When Adolph Rupp was the coach, Paul gave him one of his cars. My prayers and thoughts are with his family., I'm really proud of Brad and his decision to attend prep school for the next couple of years. Brad has grown into a great young man who is driven and is ready to take the next step in his life. The only thing I'm worried about is how he's going to do without his mother. He's a bit a of a momma's boy. LOL!, I wish ESPN would stop saying we have had 18 draft picks over the last five years when we’ve had 19. They keep leaving off Enes Kanter. Enes was a part of our program. He was a student at UK, he practiced with us every day and he was evaluated at Kentucky. STOP!, Happy birthday to Dominique Hawkins. I’m so proud of what he’s become and what he’s becoming. One of the most genuine people I’ve ever met. Also, happy birthday to George Raveling, who has been one of my biggest supporters and mentors from day one. He has given me some great ideas over the years ... all of which I have made my own! LOL!, Congratulations to all the coaches, administrators and Mitch Barnhart for finishing a school-record 11th in the Director’s Cup standings. Now let's go after that national championship., Two weeks ago I said I knew where I wanted Julius to go. I called him in my office and I told him what I meant. I really felt that as they reload in L.A., it’s the perfect place for him to start and learn from a true professional in Kobe Bryant. No one understands how to work or how to be better than Kobe. And how about James going to Boston with Marcus Smart and getting to learn from Rajon Rondo on how to work and how to win.The Lakers and the Celtics are the two most storied programs in the NBA and our guys are headed to both. What could be better?, My season is officially over! Go Lakers.Go Celtics. Go CATS!!!, And here's @bradcalipari with James and Julius. He's having a ball tonight., Julius with his mom and mentor, Jeff Webster. Don't know that there is anyone more proud of Julius than these two., With @juliusrandle30's family., This is what it's all about. So happy for James Young's family. #NBAdraft, Here are all the green-room invitees up on the stage at the Barclays Center. We've got two guys up there. #NBADraft, With @bradcalipari getting ready for the draft. I'm nervous!, Congratulations to Dick Vitale on winning the NABC's Court of Honor award last night. It was a terrific event that raised money for a great cause. I had to cut out a little early to spend some time with Julius Randle and my daughter Erin. I'm on my way to Brooklyn right now for the #NBADraft. I'm taking Brad with me for the first time. My stomach is starting to turn as I get closer and closer and to the Barclays Center. I want to wish Julius and James Young luck tonight. Within a short period of time, both of them will be significant players for their teams and in the NBA., So proud of @nerlensnoel3 for making time for the Haitian community in Brooklyn., Like Willie, we’re going to hold Trey out for the games in the Bahamas while he recovers from a medical procedure. Both Willie and Trey could probably play if they really wanted to, but I’m not taking a chance on either kid. I want them 100 percent for the start of our season and there’s no reason to push these guys before they are absolutely ready. Plus, this gives us a chance to play some of our other guys and get them some more work. , We've added a third and fourth ProCamp for Aug. 4-5. Michael Kidd-Gilchrist will be our featured pro for those dates and we're hoping to add another pro. The first two ProCamps are July 28-29, with one in Florence, Ky., and the other at the Craft Center. Sign up now before spots fill up. , Happy birthday to Allie Schick! Allie's worked in our office for several years and has been a great asset to our day-to-day operations. Also, a belated happy birthday to Ray Oliver, who celebrated his birthday last week. Ray is as good as it gets and a great friend. Happy birthday to both., Excited about our new partnership with JMI Sports and looking forward to working with our new friends. I've worked with Tom Stultz in the past and he's one of the best., Uh oh, #BBN, I had some free time this morning. You know that usually means my mind is firing and ideas are popping up. But, this morning was a little different. Instead of thinking of new ideas, I did some reflecting and thought back on one of our game’s best: Dean Smith. Dean Smith is a great man that our fans – whether you like UNC or not – need to know and remember. He impacted our game in so many ways. Coach Smith was THE original players-first coach and inspired me to coach how I do. I hope you'll take a few minutes to read what he was all about., #BBN, let's all make sure we wish Derek Willis a happy birthday today. Happy birthday, Derek!, Is there anything better than having two players from two different teams stop in and say hello? I'm proud of them both. And yes, I'm standing on my tippy toes., Look who popped in the office today. Boy does he look physically great and excited for the draft. I know where I want @juliusrandle30 to go; I'm just not saying., A great lady that makes it about #PlayersFirst at Xavier University: Sister Rose Ann Fleming., Just a reminder, I’m stopping by Wildcats & More in Dry Ridge at 4 p.m. to sign copies of #PlayersFirst and any merchandise bought in the store. I'll be at Joseph-Beth Cincinnati after that for a signing at 6 p.m. Hope to see the #BBN later today., Are you going to the Bahamas with us in August? It's not too late to make plans. Go to ukfantravel.com for more details. , We had a surprise visitor who brought his children to our Overnight Camp. @ScottiePippen is one of the best who has ever played. Great player, even better teammate., Hate to do this but we’re going to have to reschedule my #PlayersFirst signing tonight at the Books-A-Million in Nashville to July 8. I was planning on closing our overnight camp this afternoon and then hopping on a plane to Nashville but our plane has mechanical problems. If you are in Nashville and were planning on coming, I’ll be back there July 8. Thanks to Books-A-Million for their help in making this happen., I need everyone to send prayers to Willie Kemp, who played for me at Memphis. He lost his mother, Maxine, to kidney disease a few days ago. Maxine was a strong woman who loved her kids and made sure they were reaching for their best. Let's keep Willie and his family in our thoughts and prayers., On my way to my #PlayersFirst signing at Joseph-Beth Cincinnati on Thursday, I’m going to stop by Twany Beckham's Wildcats & More store in Dry Ridge, Ky. I’ll be there Thursday at 4 p.m. I'll sign copies of #PlayersFirst, which will be available at Wildcats & More, or any merchandise bought there. After that we'll head to Joseph-Beth in Cincy for a signing at 6 p.m. Hope to see you Thursday at one of the locations., I couldn't be more proud of Preston Spradlin or happier for his family for accepting an assistant coaching position with Morehead State. This is exactly what I hope this program is about: creating opportunities for young people. This is Preston's first step in a long and successful coaching career. We wish him nothing but the best at Morehead State., DeWayne Peevy turns 41 today. Hey DeWayne, it's all downhill each year after 40 LOL. Hope you had fun with your kids at Disney World., To all those fathers out there who tried to make a better life for everyone around them, I salute you and say Happy Father’s Day. On Father's Day, I want to share with you some important lessons I got from my dad that I've carried with me. , As we close out our second Father/Son Camp, want to let you know we have set our first two ProCamps for July 28-29. This year's pros will be Julius Randle and James Young. ProCamp I will take place on the mornings of July 28-29 on the campus at the Joe Craft Center and Memorial Coliseum. ProCamp II will be held off campus in the afternoons of July 28-29 at the Sports of All Sorts complex in Florence, Ky. We will have two more ProCamps for kids of all ages that we will announce at a later date. For now, sign up for the first two ProCamps before spots fill up. , #BBN, I've got a special offer to pass along to you for our Big Blue Bahamas tour. If you order your package today, you could be one of three fans selected as an honorary coach for the first three games in the Bahamas, which includes a seat on the bench. You must order today through ukfantravel.com or by calling 1-855-UKBBALL., We are excited to make the trip to the Bahamas Aug. 10-17 for our foreign tour. Working with Lea and Mason Miller has been a pleasure. My goal is for our team to grow together, to learn about one another, to have fun and to compete against teams that will stretch us out. These teams should be a challenge that will let us really see where we are at this point. But again, learning and having fun will be the emphasis of the trip. It’s another opportunity for us to fail fast. Fan travel packages, which include tickets, flights and hotel accommodations, are available at ukfantravel.com or by calling 1-855-UKBBALL. Only those who book through the Big Blue Bahamas tour travel company will have access to tickets. , Stopped by to watch my Pirates for a little bit today. This is Josh Harrison, whose cousin, JaVon Shelby, is a freshman on our baseball team at UK. Josh is having a good year for the Pirates., Want to thank the guys from the @6thmanmovie for their generous contribution to the foundation. #BBN, if you haven't seen the documentary yet, you need to. The film is about you! Check it out at sixthmanmovie.com., #BBN, I’m going to do three more book-signing stops for #PlayersFirst in Nashville on June 18, in Cincinnati on June 19 and in Paducah on June 22. Hope to see you there., Just learned of the passing of Elmer Whitaker. He was a good man who was good to me personally and good to the university for years. My prayers go out to his family., With two of my sons from earlier., Just got finished with our first Father-Son camp. Had 400 people and will have 600 next week for Father's Day. By far one of our staff's favorite weekends., First day of camp. I love these shirts. #SucceedAndProceed, All of us owe a debt of gratitude to all those souls who stormed the beaches of Normandy 70 years ago on D-Day. Our thoughts and prayers should be with everyone who made it back and all those who made the ultimate sacrifice for all of us.  I took my two girls to Normandy and all I can tell you is it’s amazing anyone made it back alive. This was truly the greatest generation., I’d like to thank Mitch and Dr. Capilouto for their commitment to me, my family and the basketball staff. I’ve said over and over that I have the best job in the country. With the continued support from our administration and the greatest, craziest fans in college basketball, we have accomplished a lot in our five quick years, but we still have lofty goals for the future. We want to continue to help young people and their families reach their dreams, while at the same time maintaining our success on the basketball court, in the classroom and in the community., Are you following Nerlens Noel on Facebook? If not, why? #BBN, like his page!, #BBN, if you haven't figured out a Father's Day gift yet, this might not be a bad idea. #PlayersFirst, Excited to start the camp season at the end of the week. It's not too late to sign up your youngster for one of our camps. Register at ukathletics.com/camps/., Getting tired from waiting on the UK baseball game vs. Louisville to start, so I'm headed to Orange Leaf Kentucky on Man-on-War with Ellen., Incredible fight by our baseball team. Gary and his kids never stopped believing. #WeAreUK, #BBN, make sure you pre-order Pat O'Brien's new book, "I'll Be Back Right After This." Pat's been my friend ever since he did our Final Four game in 1996. He walked in the locker room and asked me how I was feeling. I told him I was doing good and asked him how he was doing and he stuck out both hands and said, "Hands of a surgeon." There wasn't any movement in his hands. That's always stuck with me and Pat will text me to this day and tell me, "Hands of a surgeon." Can't wait to dive into his new book. , Great win by Coach Lawson and our UK softball team in the College World Series. On to the next one. #WeAreUK, Make sure you drop everything to watch UK softball at 7 p.m. on ESPN2 in the College World Series. And to Coach Lawson, just know that Elaine would be proud., Congrats to A.J. Reed on winning National Player of the Year. Don't think there was any doubt who the best player in college baseball was this year., #BBN, let's support UK baseball in Louisville this weekend. Get your regional tickets now. , Congratulations to UK baseball on making the NCAA Tournament. I hope the #BBN gets out and supports Gary's kids this weekend in Louisville., We should do this more often, but I want to make sure everyone takes some time today to thank everyone who has served in our country. We can't thank the brave men and women who have served or are still serving enough for all that they do for our country. Their sacrifices have made this country what it is today -- the greatest country in the world., Wow!!! Watch out, Oklahoma City, here comes UK softball. What an unbelievable job Rachel Lawson has done to build that program. #WeAreUK, Good luck to Coach Lawson and UK softball. They are one win away from the College World Series. Great bounce-back win earlier., This is what I'm looking at every day. As I see this endless picture in front of me, it makes me wonder what we can do differently to continue to grow the program that benefits the young people involved. #PlayersFirst, Heard I made the SI Not So Liked List with Saban, Belichick and one spot below Tiger. What does this tell me? I probably shouldn't run for political office., Congrats to Gary Henderson and UK baseball on their continued success in the SEC Tournament. I've been watching from afar. Keep it up!!!, One of the giants in our profession, Don Meyer, passed away over the weekend. I’ve been watching Don’s tapes and learning from him for years. Don was a coach who always moved the ball forward, was ahead of his time, developed championship teams and championship people. We'll miss him., Also, congrats to Kentucky track and field on its weekend in the SEC Championships. The men posted their best finish since 1996 and the women had their best since 1983. Wow!, Congratulations to Rachel Lawson and UK softball on their big victory tonight. Back to Super Regionals! #WeAreUK, Big day for the #BBN. Softball advances to the regional final and men's golf is headed to the NCAA Championships. Congrats to both teams., Really sad I couldn't attend Dick Vitale's gala last night. I heard it was another smashing success with a lot of money raised to fight cancer. The honorees, Mike Brey, Tom Crean and Nick Saban, were truly deserving to be honored last night. They do a lot more than just coach. And to my friend and Hall of Famer Dickie V, I'm looking forward to seeing you receive the NABC's Court of Honor award in New York in late June., Went to the viewing for Joe Miller last night. Of everyone I've met, I don't know that I've met many who were more kind. He was a good man., I couldn’t be more proud of our young men for posting a 3.11 GPA this past semester. Ten of our 16 guys had a B average or better. I’m also proud of our APR scores. We have posted a 989 in my first four years here and had a perfect 1,000 last season. Over the last five years, we’ve had as much on-court success as anyone and none of it has been done at the expense of academics. I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again: When you come to UK, you are either going pro, getting a diploma or doing both. We’ve proven that you can succeed both on the court and in the classroom. Also, hats off to Michael Stone, our academic adviser. Our guys understand the weight of academic responsibility they carry, but Mike holds them accountable. #SuccessRate , Joe Miller from Wilmington, N.C., a close family friend -- a cousin -- passed away yesterday unexpectedly. Joe went to Moon High School, went to the Midwest to play football, and ended up in Wilmington as a football and baseball coach and eventually an athletic director at New Hanover High School. He was a pillar in his community and a big reason why I initially picked UNC-Wilmington to go to college because I knew I would have family in town. Early on, Joe's mother raised my mother and practically raised me. That's why our families were so close. Joe was a great mentor and a friend who I always stayed in touch with. Prayers go out to Phyllis and his two kids, Shannon and Jake. Just a sad day., I want to thank everyone for their cards, their well-wishes, their thoughts and their prayers over the last couple of weeks. I’m doing fine. The hip is feeling better every day, and a little time away has given me the opportunity to think and reflect. As much as I want this rehab process to speed up, I'm reminded I can't skip steps. It's a process. Sound familiar? , Just saw the interview Anderson Cooper did with Kevin Durant's mom. It showed me why we as coaches do what we do. You want to win championships, but we are talking about someone's child who has the opportunity to change the direction of a family. For a young man to take their family to the next level and reward their mom for her sacrifices, that’s an opportunity you can't take lightly. Everyone across the world was touched by what Kevin said, but all he said was the truth. That’s why I always come back to #PlayersFirst. If we focus on them, everything else works out., Kyle Wiltjer graduated today. Wow! What a great thing. Ellen and I are proud of him and continue to follow him closely., Cancel the flowers to #BBN moms. Send a #celebcalls phone call from me. It’s less than 5 bucks!, Want to wish all the mothers out there a Happy Mother's Day but especially to all the moms who have entrusted me with their sons., Congratulations to Jodie Meeks and all the 2014 graduates. Jodie has proved you can chase your dreams AND get a degree., #BBN, we've got another birthday today. Let's all wish Jon Hood a happy one. I'm so proud of his growth as a man. To see him from his first year to where he is now, it’s one of those rewarding things that makes everything we do as coaches so worth it., I've always been a fan of Kevin Durant, but after watching his NBA MVP acceptance speech, wow!!! He brought the Thunder to Lexington during the lockout, and when I really saw what he was about, I thought there's no better team builder out there. He's been asking me to work his fantasy camp in Washington, D.C., and after hearing his acceptance speech, how could I not do it for him? 
, I want to thank everyone who has had an interest in #PlayersFirst. Extremely humbled it’s going to appear on the New York Times Best-Seller list for a third straight week. The support and feedback I’ve gotten lets me know that people are genuinely excited about the message of the book, which was the reason I did it in the first place. Thank you! , #BBN, let's give a special birthday shoutout to Jarrod Polson. Seems like just yesterday he was walking through that door as a freshman. Jarrod has done so much for our program. He's been the ultimate teammate. We're going to miss him next season., #BBN, like this and share this post if you like the 2014-15 schedule so far., Happy to announce we will be participating in the CBS Sports Classic for the next three seasons. This event will feature programs that represent 25 national championships, which is remarkable. Not only that, some of the best fan bases in college basketball will have the opportunity to see us play in three major venues against some of the top programs in the country. We’re excited to be part of an event of this caliber for the next three seasons. , Happy birthday to Lunetha Pryor, my longtime personal assistant. Don’t know what I would do without her. She’s done so much for me and my family., Made it home Saturday. Thanks to the staff and doctors at UK Good Samaritan Hospital for everything. Great stay with a boutique atmosphere., With Papa John and some hard-working kids from West End School in Louisville at Grace At The Race., Excited to announce Barry "Slice" Rohrssen as our new assistant coach. Barry has been part of my coaching family for the past 30-some years. We roomed together at Five Star as counselors, still in college, and have followed each others’ careers on the court closely. I’m thrilled with what he brings to our staff, both on court and off, in terms of coaching, recruiting and mentoring these young men., Before it starts, I'm totally committed to helping this group of young men reach their dreams. I wouldn't and couldn't leave this group!, Had a team meeting on Monday. Had to wait to do it until we knew what the team was. The meeting was minus our incoming freshmen obviously. The meeting was about our vision for this group and each player talked about what they would work on this summer to elevate their game. Today I met with Marcus, Dom, Derek and EJ, who I hadn’t met with individually yet. All I can tell you is we have the best young men. They aren’t afraid to self-evaluate and be honest with themselves, yet they all have dreams, hopes and desires that I want to help them with. I am totally dedicated to each of these young men. I believe in them and I’m committed to doing the best for them as individuals as we build this team into something we can all be proud of., The #PlayersFirst book tour continues today at the Barnes & Noble at the Hamburg Pavilion in Lexington at 6 p.m. I'll be at the UK Bookstore tomorrow at 6 as well. Partial proceeds from that event will go to the foundation., Just got done signing #PlayersFirst books with the help of this great staff at the Kroger on Richmond., We've all had time to go crazy over what's happened. Now, take a deep breath and calm down. We have a lot of work and a lot of blending to do. We will benefit by the guys that stayed, but let's remember what we said all along: These decisions were made with their best interests at heart. This was about doing what was best for them, which is why this whole thing works. I was going to tell you to calm down Friday but I didn't want to rain on your parade. I hate to rain on it now, but this is still going to take the same ingredients that it always has: time, hard work, being their brother's keeper and buying into the team. Let's keep that in mind, take a deep breath and remember to enjoy the ride again., I’m excited about Aaron and Andrew’s decision to return for next season. Their postseason play was a result of the improvement they made all season and displayed what they’re capable of doing on the court. I look forward to having the opportunity to work with them during the summer and watch them lead next year’s team. , Getting ready in my office to talk with the greatest fans in the country. Hope everyone is enjoying #PlayersFirst. Give me just a few more minutes and we'll get started. Start asking your questions now. 

http://thepenguinpress.com/book/players-first-success-from-the-inside-out/, #BBN, we are going to push the live Q and A back to 2 p.m. Talk to you then., #BBN, make sure you're back here at 1 p.m. I'll be taking questions from you on #PlayersFirst and whatever else you want to ask me., With Stephen Colbert and my daughter Erin before tonight's show. It comes on at 11:30 p.m. on Comedy Central., Humbled and honored to hear #PlayersFirst will be No. 3 on the New York Times Best-Seller list. It just goes to show you the power of the #BBN and how spot-on Scott Moyers of Penguin’s vision was when he approached me about the book. Scott and David Black, my literary agent, sat me down and recommended that I do it with Mike Sokolove, which was an absolute home run. Mike is not only a great writer, he’s a true professional and someone I now call my friend. I remember thinking that it may be a good time to write it because I could also talk about how to do this when you’re struggling, which we were. Again, thank you to everyone who has helped with the book. The goal of all of this was to share my vision of making this about the players.
, I’m happy to have Dakari back with us for next season. Despite being the youngest player on the team this year, he continued to improve every day on the court and it showed. We look forward to seeing his improvement over the summer and throughout next year., I’m excited for Alex and the decision he arrived at to return for his junior season. I’m proud of the work he committed to this past season, on and off the floor, and think he’s ready to take that next step and lead this team next season. , Just wrapped up with a #PlayersFirst book signing at the Owensboro Sports Center and headed to the Owensboro Orange Leaf Kentucky. See you there., I truly believe that Julius will be an even better pro than a college player. He was Shaq’d all year – in every way. I really appreciate all that he did for this program and how he represented all of us throughout the entire year. I cannot wait to watch him shine at the next level. , I’m proud our campus has adopted students first, our coaches have adopted players first and now our athletic dept. is adopting #BBNfirst. The bottom line is they’re trying to make sure we’re totally focused on the #BBN’s experience when they attend any event at our university. I couldn't be more for what Mitch Barnhart is doing. It’s a great initiative and I hope everyone gets on board., Happy Easter to the #BBN. Hope everyone gets a chance to spend it with their families and reflect upon all their blessings., I’m excited for Marcus Lee to come back and think he’s barely scratched the surface of what he’s capable of. In addition to his athleticism and the energy level he brings, the experience he gained in the NCAA Tournament this year will be immeasurable for us next season., #BBN, not only have we added Keeneland tomorrow for the #PlayersFirst book-signing tour, we will be in Owensboro on Tuesday. We're also going to make a stop at the Kroger on Richmond Road in Lexington on April 28. If you're coming out to Keeneland tomorrow, I'll be there at 11 a.m. Books will be available there. And if you're coming to Owensboro on Tuesday, we'll be at the Owensboro Sports Center at 3 p.m. CT. Books will be available for purchase there or at the Books-A-Million ahead of time. , #BBN, make sure you check back here on Thursday, April 24 at 1 p.m. ET for a Q and A. I'll be taking questions from you for about an hour on my new book, #PlayersFirst, and whatever else you want to ask me. 

If you haven't had a chance to check out the new book, you can check out a preview at the link below. , We've added Keeneland to the list of stops for the #PlayersFirst book-signing tour. I'll be there Saturday in the paddock area at 11 a.m. Hope to see the #BBN there. , Had our first #PlayersFirst book signing today at Joseph-Beth in Lexington. You people are crazy., I’m excited for James and his family and the decision he’s come to. From day one, the NBA people who came to our practices in the preseason raved about him. He’s done everything we’ve asked of him all season, investing himself in his brothers for the betterment of the team, and I think we all saw the end result in the tournament and Final Four. Whatever team drafts James is not only getting a superb athlete, they are getting the ultimate teammate., Just got done talking with two of my mentors, Ken Blanchard and Bob Rotella, both of whom really helped me with the #PlayersFirst book. President Clinton told me yesterday how much he likes Bob's books -- after he mentioned how much he liked my book. LOL!, It's guys like these why my teams win. Also had a chance to visit with Derrick Rose tonight. He's doing well. #PlayersFirst., Had lunch with President Bill Clinton. Amazing two hours. Can't thank him enough for his support of #PlayersFirst., I'm going to release a few excerpts of my new book, #PlayersFirst, over the next few days on my site. The first one is on what's at the core of our players-first philosophy. , As I'm running around on the #PlayersFirst book tour, I ran into two wonderful women, Katty Kay and Claire Shipman, whose book, The Confidence Code, I already gave to my daughter Erin., How did I do on Morning Joe this morning? I bet the ratings for Morning Joe are about to go through the roof now that everyone knows Joe Scarborough is a HUGE Kentucky fan. #BBN #PlayersFirst, I’m happy this appears to be going through. I wonder if they will move on some of my other suggestions., Having a blast at ESPN today. Want to let the #BBN know I'll be making my way around Kentucky once I get back. The schedule is at the link below. , Yesterday was the four-month mark before the SEC Network launch. Here are four things #BBN needs to know about it. , How did I do on the O'Reilly Factor? This pic was taken after I talked with Mike Francesa. I was signing the WFAN Wall of Fame. #PlayersFirst., I’m so happy for Rod and his family and their opportunity at South Florida. I’m sad we’re losing him but happy that he’s going to work again with Orlando, who he also coached the Dominican Republic National Team with. It’s a great opportunity for Rod, one I’m confident he will do well with, but it’s also a great thing for Orlando to have Rod, his experience and his knowledge at his side., I'm happy for Willie and also proud of him for making the best decision for him and his family. Being in school for at least three years will get him closer to having a degree and will help him prepare for the next level and life afterwards., Just got done with Bill O'Reilly's show. Wow. I'm going to be honest, normally I'm not very nervous doing interviews but he's pretty big. The interview will air sometime tonight during his show at 8 p.m. He said he wants to come to a Kentucky game. What game should we invite him to? #PlayersFirst, Signing copies of my new book, #PlayersFirst, at Barnes and Noble in New York., Just finished up on the Dan Patrick Show. I told Dan I enjoyed doing his show once every three years. LOL. #PlayersFirst, Getting ready to go on @CBSThisMorning to talk about #PlayersFirst., Getting ready for a long but exciting next few days. My new book, “Players First,” hits bookstores on Tuesday. I’ve been excited about this book because it goes in-depth about how we do things at Kentucky and why we do what we do. To kick off the book this week, I’m going to reveal what the tweaks are tomorrow on CBS This Morning. Make sure you tune in. And if you want to make sure you get your copy, the book is still available for pre-order at http://thepenguinpress.com/book/players-first-success-from-the-inside-out/, #BBN, make sure you tune in to CBS This Morning on Monday for the start of my #PlayersFirst book tour. I'm going to reveal the tweaks on there., Spots are filling up fast for both sessions of our Overnight Camps in June as well as our three sessions for the Father/Son Camps! Reserve your spots today at http://www.ukathletics.com/camps/, We've got a lot of fans in the NBA who never played for us, but I'm not sure there is a bigger one than this guy. #WeAreUK #SucceedAndProceed, I was close to depression yesterday. Getting that close and not being able to see the joy in my players’ eyes after victory rocked me. I’m back up and running because I’ve called a bunch of the NBA teams about our guys and met with the players twice individually. Remember, I’m here to help them. I stay out of the decision making. I’m trying to get them information so they can make the best decision. It’s a process that we seem to be doing every year, but this group may be the most mature that I’ve dealt with as far as reasoning. Every single person in the #BBN should be proud of this group. I know I am. Remember, our season doesn't end until the evening of June 26. And oh, by the way, I’ll be recruiting this weekend. Let’s keep this going., Our fans are amazing. The streets are lined with the #BBN just like when we won it all in 2012. Thank you, #BBN., I'm more disappointed this morning than I was last night but I'm still really proud of our kids that we had our chances to win the game. In the end, life goes on. I'm on my way to Mass right now. I love these kids, I love this team and I love the #BBN. Just sad it's over. Thank you for your support this year., #BBN, be loud, be proud, (be early), wear blue! #WeAreUK, Look who else was in our locker room last night. I bet Terrence was more nervous watching than he ever was playing for us., My good friend is always there for us. Much love for @Drake. (Photo by @ukphotogs.), I thought the #BBN knew we share ideas LOL. Thanks to Rene' Cornette for coming up with #SucceedAndProceed. "Learn and Earn" was a close second., In front of Dirk Nowitzki's locker. He's a huge Kentucky Wildcats fan. #SucceedAndProceed, #BBN, join me in wishing Brian Long a happy birthday today. Gave Brian his birthday brownies earlier for the plane ride to Dallas., #BBN, think you're going to want to read this piece Willie wrote. My favorite part is just seeing how much fun he's having. He's dealing with some adversity and yet he's having the time of his life. , I was leaving Mass this morning and thinking of the Big Blue Nation and what message I could give you today before we embark on this ultimate challenge. Let’s remember where all this started. It didn’t start with me. It all started with Coach Rupp, who created raving fans in a program that could withstand the test of time. It’s true leadership when the energy of the program, the appeal of the program and the legacy of the program sustains long after you’re gone. I’ve always wished I had an hour to spend with Coach Rupp, but let’s not get away from the roots of this program. That’s why this is the Commonwealth’s program. That’s what he’s built here., #BBN, let's not forget the role the 2010 team played in this. Without the commitment of those players to each other and to Kentucky, this wouldn't have been possible. They changed the culture and made this the fun place to play. Some of you didn't agree with me when those five guys went in the first round, but just like I said then, they laid the groundwork for three Finals Fours and a championship in the last four years., When this is done right, everyone involved should benefit from the success of the program. This includes the university as a whole, the athletic department, administrators, staff and especially the assistant coaches. They and their families deal with the brunt of the work. With that being said, I am so excited that Orlando has been hired by the University of South Florida. Based on what he’s done with the Dominican Republic National Team as their head coach and his work with our family over the last five years at Kentucky and one season at Memphis, I have the utmost confidence in him to lead this program to new heights. My guess is they will do things that have never been done before at South Florida. We’re all going to miss him and his family after we finish this run., I’m so happy for our team and each individual player. To think about Dominique and Marcus stepping up to help us win, that’s what we’re all about at Kentucky. Every single guy on our team has played a part in what we’ve done this year. But we’re not done yet.
As for you, #BBN, I can’t say enough. You stuck with us and kept believing. You’re amazing. 
, When you look at my guys late in the year, the thing I want to know is are my guys having fun, are they sharing the ball. I've always said that if we're doing those types of things at the end of the year, we have a chance. Are we doing those things, #BBN?  Enjoy the ride, folks! Have fun tonight., Congratulations to Karl Towns for helping his team win the New Jersey Tournament of Champions. I also want to wish Trey Lyles good luck as he and his team go for the Indiana state championship on Saturday. All of our 2014 signees have had great senior years. They're all winners., Another reminder that you people are crazy. Thanks to Brandi Romines for bringing this by. Really great. #BBN, Congratulations to UK Hoops and Matthew Mitchell on their big win tonight. That's three Sweet 16 appearances in a row. Big time!!!, I’m really proud of the fight in this team and its ability to withstand adversity. The biggest play of the game: Dakari's offensive rebound. James Young made a big 3, Andrew made some clutch free throws, Julius grabbed a ton of rebounds and Aaron made some shots. But without Dakari’s rebound after a missed free throw when we were down four, we don’t win. It became anyone’s game when he rebounded that ball., Proud of our guys last night. We will have to play better tomorrow, but remember that was the first NCAA Tournament game for most of them. We'll be busy preparing for a great Wichita State team. You don't go undefeated without having really good players, which Wichita State does. While I've got a minute, I want to take a minute to wish a special happy birthday to Kia Symone. Kia turns 18 today. Happy birthday!, #BBN, it's game day but it's also Darius Miller and Deb Moore's birthday. Make sure you wish them a happy birthday., Look who I ran into here at the Scottrade Center: Jim Jackson. I coached Jimmy with the Nets., Wow!!! Sent this video to the team. How do you not get fired up to play after watching that? 

http://youtu.be/uPBtfEDFXcA, DeWayne Peevy's grandfather Alfred passed away this week. DeWayne won't be at our game Friday but he will be in our thoughts and prayers., Wanted to pass along this quote: "It is better to trust and occasionally be disappointed than to mistrust and be miserable all the time." I totally trust this team. Now they just have to totally trust each other. And if you know me, where do you think I got that quote from?, This came at a good time last week. It got me to focus on the kids and not my pride and ego. #tweak #PlayersFirst http://m.barnesandnoble.com/w/players-first-john-calipari/1117775592?ean=9781594206214, We had a nice little run. Now it's time to regroup one more time and see how we play being the best version of ourselves. We still have room to improve but I like what I'm seeing., Great shootaround this morning and great week of practice. Anxious to see how our guys respond to adversity. It’s all about us coming together. It never ceases to amaze me the support we get from the #BBN. Everywhere I look there is blue. Now I know why they call it Catlanta. We’re going to need all of you tonight in a tough game. Be loud, be proud, wear blue! #WeAreUK, Anthony Davis turns 21 today. Toes up! That's between me and him. Would he just be a junior this year?! Happy birthday, Anthony!, Congratulations to Trey Lyles, Karl Towns, Devin Booker and Tyler Ulis for making the Jordan Brand Classic. Looking forward to working with you guys., Congrats to Matthew Mitchell and our women's basketball team on their big win in the SEC Tournament over Florida., Look who stopped by the office today. (Thanks to @reynsoul for the photo.), #BBN, we've set Aug. 22-24 as the dates for my annual Fantasy Basketball Experience. Registration is now open. See what it's like to live the life of a UK basketball player.
, If you missed the Senior Night festivities last night, you can watch them here. , #BBN, let me just say how proud I am of our two seniors, Jon Hood and Jarrod Polson. Jon has become like a coach for us. He knows what he’s doing and he’s able to help our younger players understand what we’re trying to do. And let me add this: Jon has never been a better player. He’s confident and has fun. No player in college basketball has ever played with more NBA players than him.  Jarrod came to us as a walk-on and ended up being a scholarship player his entire time here. He always has a smile on his face. I still remember back to the Maryland game last year when Jarrod came in out of nowhere and helped us win that game. Both are great kids who have helped this program immensely and have benefited by it. That’s how it should to be. Can’t wait for those two to start tonight and go out there and have some fun. Make sure you get to Rupp Arena early to honor them., Happy birthday to my favorite father-in-law, Ray Higgins., I wish I didn't get thrown out of the game, so that I could fight with our team. We have a short turnaround to prepare for Alabama so we have to get back in the gym Sunday and start working on getting better. Proud of the guys for not giving up but we all have to figure out what do we each have to do to get this team right. We have to continue to believe in ourselves and each other and I know our fans are fighting with us., #BBN, have you wished Marquis Teague happy birthday today? Happy birthday, Marquis!, #BBN, last night was not what I expected, but it does not change how I feel about this team. I love this team. We have a bunch of good kids who want to do well, but nobody said this was going to be easy. My job is to continue to paint a picture of how they need to play. It's not so much about what I don't want them to do; it's about what I want them to do. There were seven minutes in the second half last night where we played exactly how we needed to play. They didn't make every shot but they played with the energy, the chemistry and the will to win we are looking for. But it was only seven minutes. We just have to refocus and get back on that positive path., Wow!!! What an inspiring video our sports video department made about Make-A-Wish America kid Josh and his time with us this past weekend. I’m so glad we were able to help Josh’s wish come true. I hope our guys understand the joy they helped put on that young man’s face. , Congratulations to Julius Randle on winning the Oscar Robertson National Player of the Week honors. Keep it up, Julius!, Excited to announce that registration has opened for our Father/Son Camps and Overnight Camps. Both camps will be split into separate sessions in 2014 to accommodate for their recent popularity. The Father/Son Camps will feature three separate opportunities (June 6-7, June 13-14 and June 20-21) and the Overnight Camps will have two separate sessions (June 29-July 2 and June 15-18). The camps have been sold out the past three years so make sure you reserve your spot now! , #BBN, we are going to be shooting our final episodes of the Mailbag for this season in the next couple of days. If you have a burning question you want to ask me, now is your final shot for this season. Let's hear them. Post your questions below., Just stopped by DanceBlue where our students are dancing their tails off to raise money for the fight against pediatric cancer. What an incredible effort our students put in at DanceBlue to support those fighting this horrible disease. But they still need your help. You still have time to donate at DanceBlue.org. #FTK, Josh from Make A Wish was good luck for us tonight. He came up with the game plan and willed us to victory. Proud of our guys., Make-A-Wish kid Josh had a ball at our practice. We presented him a jersey from Fan Outfitters and then he got to shoot around with the guys afterwards. Josh has a pretty good shot., Make-A-Wish America kid Josh is joining us the next two days for his wish to meet the UK basketball team. Josh from Laurel County is going to watch us practice, attend our pregame film session, receive UK gear and be in our locker room after the game. Really looking forward to having Josh be a part of our team. We will have some pictures later., It's Orlando's birthday today. I'm so proud of what he's becoming and the job he's doing for us and the Dominican Republics National Team. He's been off the charts. Happy birthday, O!, I’m in the business of asking my players to do what appears to be impossible and in my mind possible. When I look at our strength of schedule being fourth this late, did I do right? When I see this chemistry, confidence and their growth as a team, IT IS possible., #BBN, my new book, "Players First: Coaching From The Inside Out," doesn't come out until April 15, but if you pre-order now you will receive one of these limited edition signed bookplates. Pre-order at http://thepenguinpress.com/2014/02/pre-order-now-to-receive-a-limited-edition-bookplate-signed-by-john-calipari/, Love this video. I'ts like I told our guys, how they approach the end is how they will be remembered. Let's continue to enjoy the journey. , I know it's not #tbt, but this was too good not to share. Megan on the left, Erin on the right with grandad., A birthday wish and a lot of love sent to Dr. Erin Calipari. Proud of you for 27 years!, Just boarded our plane and about to head to Ole Miss. We've had two really good days of practice since Saturday. As I told our team, our goals remain unchanged. What Saturday showed me is we can compete with and beat any team in the country. Now we have things we have to correct, especially late in games, but as I told you about our 2010-11 group, I like my team. I like our fight, I like how far we've come and I like what we can still do. My hope is we are playing our best ball in March., Don't forget, #BBN, if you're in Rupp Arena tonight, we need everyone to stand at the 8-minute mark and remain up and cheering until the final buzzer. When you see this video, you will know it's time to stand. Help carry us across the finish line! Tip is at 9 p.m. on ESPN., Headed down to the GameDay set soon. First, let's all wish Tod Lanter a happy birthday today, #BBN!, So proud of Nerlens. He's jumping better than before!!!, Delivering donuts to the students camping out near Rupp in the rain. You people are crazy!, Good luck to our guys at All-Star Weekend. I won’t get to watch all of the events because of our game, but know I’ll be rooting for our guys. I can’t wait until we have 10-12 guys participating in All-Star Weekend. #WeAreUK 
, Need a last minute #BBN Valentine's Day gift? Send a phone call from me! #celebcalls has you covered., #BBN, we need you tomorrow night at Rupp Arena to carry us home. That’s why I’m issuing a challenge for you again. At the 8-minute timeout in the second half, I’m calling on everyone to stand up and cheer until the final buzzer. If you have to stand with a cane, if you have to hold on to someone, if you’re in the upper deck, lower deck or on the floor, everyone stands. Let’s fight together tomorrow because we’re going to need you, #BBN., Happy Valentine's Day to all the women out there, but especially to the special woman in my life, Ellen, and my two daughters, Erin and Megan., In the latest episode of the Mailbag, Cal answers your questions about selflessness, chemistry and transition defense. Check it out at the link below. -- CoachCal.com staff , Just heard longtime Memphis trainer Eddie Cantler passed away. Really sad news. My thoughts and prayers are with his family., Just arrived at Auburn Arena. We play at 8 p.m. ET on SEC TV. To check for an affiliate in your area, click the link below. ESPN3.com will also have a live stream of our game online. Let's enjoy the journey, #BBN. , #BBN, join me in wish Josh Harrellson a happy birthday today. Happy birthday, Josh!, A member of our UMass family Chris Robinson passed away. Chris is the first college player I've lost. Keep him and his family in your prayers., Just a friendly reminder to #BBN, we don’t root against other teams because it always comes back to haunt your team. If you catch yourself in that mode, turn the channel. I do., Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes yesterday. It's always good to hear from players and friends on both twitter and personally., I found a great place for my new Eric Bledsoe bobble head., Great seeing John Wall and DeMarcus Cousins tonight in DC. #LaFamilia #WeAreUK, Did the #BBN figure out what my present was to myself? I'm in DC to watch my two sons John Wall and DeMarcus Cousins compete. The two are all-stars both on the court and off. Both donated a million dollars to charity after getting their new contracts! We are getting dinner after the game. Who do you think will pick up the tab? When I walked in tonight, our alumni chapter in DC sang me happy birthday. Only Kentucky fans! They are everywhere., Going into the office to watch film and get my practice plans done. My birthday is tomorrow so I'm going to do something for myself tonight. Any guesses?, Today is a special day for me because it's the four-year anniversary of when I met my good friend Kevin Massey. I'm happy to report that Kevin is in school, he’s a manger for our basketball team and he’s doing well academically. Kevin is a part of who we are, he’s a part of this program and he’s a part of our family. , Today's game will be broadcast by SEC TV. To check for an affiliate in your area, check out the link below. ESPN3.com will also have a live stream. Tip is set for 1:45 p.m. ET. , Had some fun over the last 3-4 days, but my main focus always has been and will be COACH YOUR TEAM!, Glad to see Anthony Davis made the All-Star Game. Well-deserved. Still disappointed Demarcus Cousins isn’t on the roster because I know he’s an All-Star., It's funny how when you talk in a general sense, people take it personal like you are talking about them. I guess the saying is true: When you throw a rock in a pack of dogs, the one that yelps is the one you hit., Congratulations to Coach Stoops and UK football on their tremendous signing class yesterday. Mark and his staff are getting it done. It's exciting to watch the growth of the program. The future is bright!, Somehow the bad weather keeps following us, but it's good to be back in Rupp. We play Ole Miss tonight at 7 on ESPNU., #BBN, we're shooting some Mailbag episodes this week, which means we need your questions. Post your question for me in the comments section and I may answer it on the website and my weekly TV show., In all my years of coaching, I don’t think we’ve ever had more weather problems that have affected our travel than we’ve had this season. You know what I told my team? It doesn’t matter. Stuff happens. There are no excuses. We march on.
, Programming note: This week's episode of "This is Kentucky Basketball" will air at 11 a.m. ET on FS South and at 11:30 a.m. ET on WKYT. If you're outside the viewing area, we'll have the episode on the website later tonight., It was my dad's birthday yesterday. I know he still misses my mom, but he's as strong of a man as anyone I know. Happy birthday, Dad!, Less than an hour left to bid on the signed sneakers I wore for the Coaches vs. Cancer game, two lower-level to next week's Ole Miss game and a signed poster. Full proceeds will go the American Cancer Society and Ellen and I will match up to $5,000 on the winning bid. , Congratulations to John Wall for making the NBA All-Star Game. Really proud of you, kid. You deserve it! Really thought Anthony Davis and DeMarcus Cousins had a good shot to make it but they will make future ones. I know they are proud of John. Also, congratulations to Anthony and Terrence Jones for making the Rising Stars Game. Budding stars!, Happy birthday to my good friend Joe Joe Palumbo today! Joey has been a loyal friend to me and my family since day one. Happy birthday!, Congratulations to Devin Booker, Trey Lyles, Karl Towns and Tyler Ulis on making the McDonald's All American Game. Good kids, great students and terrific ball players. , Happy birthday to Tony Delk, one of the very best to ever wear a UK uniform. Really enjoyed working with Tony during my first year here., I'm auctioning off the signed sneakers I wore for our Coaches vs. Cancer game as well as two lower-level tickets to the Ole Miss game on Feb. 4 and a signed poster. The auction will be open for three days and close on Friday at 11:30 a.m. ET. Place your bid at the link below. The whole reason we are doing this auction is to raise money for the fight against cancer. Full proceeds will go to the American Cancer Society. Ellen and I will match the winning bid up to $5,000. , We are taking the plane the Miami Heat use to LSU. When I was told I was sitting in Dwyane Wade's seat, I said, "I'm not getting up!", Watched the highlights of the Celtics game and how Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce were treated. Now you know why I love the city of Boston: class., Our coaching drills page is live again. Dowloand the drills we teach our kids in practice. The drills range in cost from free to $2.99. Full proceeds go to The Calipari Foundation. , With Gaige and Jerry Osborne after the game., This is why I love my guys. Walked out of the office and ran into Jon Hood heading into the gym to make Gaige Osborne's day playing a little basketball., Just came from watching Jarrod Polson get his high school jersey retired and a key to the city. The whole team and staff were there along with his family. Jarrod is one of the best kids I have ever coached. Not only is he a great basketball player, he's an unbelievable person. Congratulations, Jarrod! Proud of you., #BBN, if you are coming to the game tomorrow, please be safe. With winter weather on the way, give yourself plenty of time to get to the game. Gates will open in Rupp at noon, but the Lexington Center will be open at 8 a.m. There are places to eat for lunch and stores to shop. Do not be in a rush in that weather!, A little bird told me Willie was in the gym late last night. In practice today, he was unbelievable. He was the old Willie today., With my good friends Len Amato and Joe Bayno. Joe's son, Billy, was an assistant with me at UMass and with the Dominican team., This week's Mailbag is up on the website. Lot of interesting insight from Coach Cal on what Tyreke Evans did to become a better player and how it relates to this Kentucky team. -- CoachCal.com staff , Spoke with troops today via Skype in Afghanistan, Kuwait, Guantanamo Bay and Frankfort. It's always an honor to speak with and hear from the brave men and women who make our country a safer place. Thanks to Gov. Steve Beshear and Maj. Gen. Edward Tonini for connecting us with our troops. It was truly a privilege for me, Julius and Alex to speak with them., Look who showed up for the game with his fiancé and friends: my good friend from the old days, Mark Fisher!, Cats-Aggies at 9 p.m. on ESPN. We'll also have a live blog as always. -- CoachCal.com staff, Had a good practice and guys are getting better. Alex was unreal again today and Derek hit 55 3s in five-minute shooting., Wow, just heard our cheerleading team just won its 20th national championship. Talk about the gold standard! Congratulations to Jomo and his team as well as our dance team for finishing fifth in the Division I hip-hop competition., Have to step out of town to visit a few kids. I want everyone to know how proud I am of how this team has performed the last couple games. We’ve got a long way to go but we’re showing signs., It's game day at noon on CBS. Be loud, be proud, wear blue! #BBN, stand up and fight with your team to the finish line. #WeAreUK, The latest episode of the Mailbag is up. Coach Cal answers questions about the future of a long "winter break," Julius Randle's cramps and his favorite moments of Camp Cal. -- CoachCal.com staff , #BBN, we're on ESPN tonight at 9 in a tough environment on the road at Bud Walton. It's another whiteout. Let's see where we are., I see someone named a horse after me. I'm just glad no one has named a mule after me yet., Brad's recovering from his knee surgery. He has the pain threshold of a third grader but he's fighting it and watching cartoons all day. The best thing we used to do when he was 9 and 10 years old, he would come over and ask me, "Do you want to watch SpongeBob" together? We used to watch it together all the time. He still watches it; he just doesn't ask me to join him., #BBN, we need more questions for our Mailbag that we show on my website and "This is Kentucky Basketball." What do you have for me today? You can ask me anything and we might answer your question on the next episode., Make sure you watch "This is Kentucky Basketball" at 11:30 a.m. on WKYT. We'll have it on my site later for those not in the viewing area., Stepped off the airplane in Paducah and look what greets me. Also heard Ramon Harris scored 19 points and hit the game-winning shot for his team in the NBA D-League. Proud of you, Ramon., #BBN, we're on CBS today at 3:30 p.m. ET. Be loud, be proud, wear blue., Good luck to Tim Garrison and UK gymnastics tonight for Excite Night!, Happy birthday to Terrence Jones, who turned in another double-double last night against the Lakers., #BBN, it's good to be back in Rupp. Our game at 8 tonight is being carried by SEC TV. You can check to see what affiliates are carrying it at the link below. ESPN3.com is also carrying a live stream online., Brad's surgery was successful. Thanks for all the thoughts and prayers. I'm headed back to the hospital after practice., #BBN, I promised you some video highlights from Camp Cal, so here they are: The good, the bad and the ugly. We grew a lot over the last couple of weeks. Camp Cal wasn't just about basketball; it was about stretching them out mentally. The guys were always together – at breakfast, at dinner, at practices, at meetings and in film sessions. We showed the guys that video at my house last night so they could see the last two weeks. They loved it., #BBN, do not take any chances tonight with this weather. If you don't have a place to stay or know someone that needs a warm place, the Hope Center, the Salvation Army and the Arbor Youth Services MASH Drop Inn Center (youth 0-17 years) are all open 24 hours a day. If you need a ride, please call LEXTRAN at 859.253.4636 for bus route info. And if you have elderly neighbors, please knock on their door and make sure they are OK., How about what our incoming signees are doing, #BBN? Tyler Ulis is putting up big numbers every night, Devin Booker just passed the 2,000-point mark the other night, Trey Lyles posted 45 points and 16 rebounds last night, and Karl Towns nearly had a quadruple-double. Wow!!! Really proud of all those guys and can't wait to start working with them. Also, it's Tyler's birthday. Make sure you wish him a happy one today!, #BBN, don't forget to tune in to "This is Kentucky Basketball" at 11:30 a.m. on WKYT. If you're outside the viewing area and can't watch it this morning, don't worry, we post every episode on my website later in the day., #BBN, here's that dunk from Dominique I was talking about yesterday. Dominique is 6 feet tall but boy can he get up., Dominique put the helmet on Marcus today with a CRAZY dunk. May put out the video later., My message to the team this past week: Think pass when you have the ball and think score when you don't., Working through several books this past week. Still have a little bit to go on Declan Coyle's "The Green Platform," an uplifting book that changes how you think and approach challenges. Finished "7 Men and the Secret of Their Greatness" by Metaxas, a spiritual book that's inspiring, sometimes in a way that humbles the reader. I've also read most of this holiday gift from President Clinton. I'm still amazed at how President Clinton can take a very complex issue and explain it in a simple way so that everyone can understand., Our first practice today was outstanding. Did some individal work plus a Houston Rockets 1-on-1 drill. Finished up scripting too. The guys will be back at 3 p.m. as we continue to build our team. May show some clips to the #BBN later., Great seeing Fran Fraschilla tonight. He and I started out together at Dean Smith's basketball camp in the late 70s. Fran is a great guy and an unbelievable basketball coach., What I said two years ago and three years ago, if you enjoy the growth of this team, you’re going to enjoy the season a lot more. At the end of the year, this team should be a lethal offensive team, a smothering defensive team and a 70 percent free-throw shooting team. That’s what we should be. We’re not right now, but we’re working on it. If you know the mental picture I have of this team, you know it’s not going to happen overnight. Enjoy the path!, Starting with a leg practice on Christmas, we've gone nine straight days, most of them two-a-days with an evening meal and meeting to end the night. So today we are going to have an "off" day. No contact, no scrimmaging. For one hour we will script offensive and defensive schemes. They deserve a day off. I'm really proud of the progress. They're all learning to deal with the day-to-day grind of becoming a better team and a better player., People have told me I've got one of the hardest jobs in coaching. I'm not sure if that's right, but it is one of the best., Saw Brandon Knight scored a career-high 37 vs. the Lakers a couple nights ago. Brandon is one of the hardest workers I've ever coached. Brandon gets the absolute most out of his body. Keep it up, B-Knight. Proud of what all of our guys are doing in the NBA., Marcus Lee wanted no part of keeping the helmet so he gave it to Aaron Harrison yesterday., I want to send a special Happy New Year wish to the greatest fans in the country, the #BBN. To start the new year, think of all the blessings that were thrown our way last year and give thanks as we start on a new journey., Saddened to hear Johnny Orr passed away. You may remember him from his Iowa State days, but he also coached at UMass and Michigan. Coach Orr was a coaching legend who treated me with kindness knowing our mutual background. He was one of the funniest men I have ever met in my life, and there's no doubt in his 86 years that anyone had more fun than he did. When I was at UMass and we were getting ready to build the Mullins Center, he came up and said to me, "Did they show you that model? They showed me that in 1960s." Coach Orr was a great man and a legend in our profession. He's going to be missed., It's been a while since we've featured a Helmet Dunk, but I had to put a couple on the site from this past week., Wow, is today a special day for birthdays or what? We've got three birthdays to celebrate today: Eloy Vargas, Preston Spradlin and LeBron James. #BBN, make sure you wish all three a happy birthday today., Gov. John Y. Brown and his grandson watched our spirited practice tonight., Missed the chance to make Gov. John Y. Brown's 80th birthday celebration because my postgame media obligations ran long. I wish him the best and would like to thank him for what he's done for this state and personally for me and my family., Want to thank the #BBN for showing up strong today. Biggest crowd of the season and everyone was in the building an hour before the game. I hope you realize how big of an impact you have on our guys. When a team is this young, they need that extra push you gave them today., #BBN, we need you today. Stand up and fight with your team from the 8-minute mark until the final buzzer. No matter where you are -- Rupp Arena or anywhere around the world -- stand up and let everyone know #WeAreUK. Tip is set for 4 p.m. on CBS., Late holiday present for our parents and #BBN as our team finished with a grade-point average of over a 3.0 for the fall semester. Our guys have not just been putting in time on the court but they have also been working hard in the classroom., Late practice and a quick bite with the team at Waffle House. Merry Christmas, #BBN., Hope the #BBN is getting to spend some time with loved ones. Remember what Christmas is all about!, In this week’s holiday Mailbag, Coach Cal talks about the Cats’ Christmas plans and working on the last three minutes of games. -- CoachCal.com staff, #BBN, don't forget to vote every day for your favorite UK players for the NBA All-Star game. Text their last name to 69622., Today's game at noon will be televised nationally on ESPNU. It will also be available on the WatchESPN app. -- CoachCal.com staff, Thanks to Chuck Osborn of the Richmond Road Kroger and Joe Kawaja of Fan Outfitters Kentucky for helping us bring some joy to 10 families for the holidays. Chuck and Joe epitomize what this time of the year is all about. I hope our players learned a little something from them about the power of giving back. I also want to thank Tom Kirk, Cathy Gibson, Teresa and Perry Ryan, and Carolyn Heightchew for their generous donations to Samaritan's Feet. With the help of those individuals, we will be sending 20,000 shoes to those in need in the Philippines., My message to my team today: We can’t change the beginning but we can change how we approach the ending. That’s how this team will be remembered., Today would have been Mr. Keightley's 87th birthday. I know how much the #BBN misses him. One of the all-time class acts., #BBN, need some more questions from you for our next Mailbag. Ask your question for me below in the comments section and I may answer it on my website and on "This is Kentucky Basketball.", As I was sitting here this morning getting ready for an early practice, I wanted to let everyone know how jacked I am to coach my team today. I’m excited to coach my guys because I know we’ve got good kids who want to learn and who want to get better.  I think everyone sees now that we don’t just recruit the best players and then roll out the balls. This is what I live for, to coach these guys and make them better basketball players and better people. I just have to stay patient and continue loving them as we raise the bar. We're going to be fine. Enjoy the process., Last hour to bid on the signed, custom-made "Refuse to Lose" NASCAR jacket Coach Cal wore at the Kentucky Speedway over the summer. The jacket is signed by 30-plus top NASCAR drivers, including Jimmie Johnson, Jeff Gordon, Kyle Busch, Dale Earnhardt Jr., Danica Patrick, Carl Edwards and Tony Stewart. It will also include Coach Cal's signature. Full proceeds go to charity. The auction closes at 1 p.m. ET. -- CoachCal.com staff, Pulling into Carolina brings back memories of Michael Hooker, president of UMass then chancellor of UNC who was a dear friend. Michael was a great man and terrific leader who left us too soon., Saw my man Chris Douglas-Roberts signed with the Bobcats. CDR and MKG together? I love it. You deserve it, CDR!!!, We got Jon Hood back at practice today. It was great to have him back., In this week's Mailbag, Coach Cal talks about body language, playing against zone defense and his protégées. -- CoachCal.com staff, The jacket I wore at the Quaker State 400 has now been signed by 30-plus NASCAR drivers and is up for auction. Signatures include Jimmie Johnson, Jeff Gordon, Kyle Busch, Dale Earnhardt Jr., Danica Patrick, Carl Edwards, Tony Stewart and me. The auction will be open for five days close on Monday at 1 p.m. ET. All proceeds will go straight to charity. Of all the items we've auctioned off, this one might be the most unique., The Cats look to get back on the winning side of the scoreboard tonight against the Broncos at 9 ET. The game will be televised on ESPN. -- CoachCal.com staff, If you cheer us to victory tomorrow night, one student will get a picture with up to three of their friends with the championship trophy. I will also post the picture on Twitter and the winner will get a signed basketball. Must be in the building by 8 p.m. to be eligible. The winner will be announced at the end of the game. UK students can buy tickets for $5 at the UK Ticket office on Tuesday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Tip-off is set for 9 p.m., Happy birthday to Eric Bledsoe, a star in the making. So proud of what he is doing out in Phoenix. Hope you're having a good one, Eric., The UK-Baylor game will be televised nationally on ESPN tonight at 10 ET. You can also chat along with our live blog at the link below. -- CoachCal.com staff., If you're in the Dallas/Fort Worth area tonight and you are coming to the games tonight, please give yourself plenty of time and be careful., #BBN, let's all wish Sam Malone a happy birthday. Sam, Mrs. Cal will have your brownies for you when we get back to Lexington tomorrow., I know the importance of basketball to our players and I know that teaching and developing these guys on the court is one of my main responsibilities. But there is more to it than just that, in my opinion. When my players leave us, there are certain things that are important they know. Every day I want them to be better basketball players, but I also want them to become better people. So, today, instead of going over basketball and talking about the Xs and Os of Baylor, we spent our lunch talking about the legacy of Nelson Mandela. I’m having them write a one-page paper talking about who he was and what he was about. It may not seem like a lot, but to get them to think about what we talked about, they will learn about an important man they need to know., Had a great time today meeting President George W. Bush at the George Bush Library and Museum. Thanks again to Kelly Knight and Joe Craft for the tour and dinner. Met President Bush's mother and father at the Houston Final Four, President Barack Obama at the White House and President Bill Clinton for the first time in 1995., You know those wall-sits and lane slides I've been talking about doing with my team? Here's an inside look at our team going old school in practice. We need it., Each member of our women’s team wrote me a little note, thanking me for the doubleheader with Baylor. I appreciate it but the privilege is ours., #BBN, have you pre-ordered your copy my new book, "Players First," which comes out in mid-April? Read an excerpt at the link below and place your order., I love my fans, and to prove it, I’m giving an autographed basketball with MY John Hancock! Just in time for Christmas! Enter exclusively at CelebCalls.com. Click here: http://bit.ly/1a5zkj1., Good news, #BBN: If you can't catch the initial airing of "This is Kentucky Basketball" every Sunday at 11:30 a.m. on WKYT either because you're busy outside the viewing area or you can't watch it at that time, we've now got you covered. We'll post a replay of each week's episode on my website after the initial airing. Jon Hood hosted the season premiere this week., I got a great call at 3 o’clock on game day yesterday from President Clinton. We spoke for about 20 minutes. He knows our team, he knows our ups and downs, and he knows where we’ve got to go. He really tried hard to make our game, which I appreciate. He also told me he wants to come to a game in Lexington. I hope he does so he can talk to my young team. It’s always good hearing his voice. I appreciate him reaching out to say hello., Another great showing by our fans last night in Brooklyn. We have the best fans in the country. Make sure you buy a copy of the movie about YOU, The Sixth Man. You can check out the trailer at sixthmanmovie.com., Headed back to the hotel from shootaround. Congrats to Matthew Mitchell and our women's team on a great comeback win over Louisville., Happy birthday to my wonderful wife, Ellen, a great mother and friend who has put up with a lot over the last 27 years. I wish I could be there with her to celebrate today but I know Brad has my back. Love you, Ellen. We've also got two other special birthdays today: Allison Peevy's and Coach Hall's. #BBN, join me in wishing them a happy birthday., #BBN, join me in wishing Julius a happy birthday today. Julius, make sure you pick up your birthday brownies after practice., I hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving and gets to spend a little time with family and friends today. Today also marks the third anniversary of my mother's death. I bring it up because I want to share a message she gave me that I'm so thankful for. She taught me and my sisters a lot of life lessons, but one of the most important was to dream big beyond your surroundings. On this Thanksgiving, I hope you're not only thankful for what you have, but that you also dream big. Happy Thanksgiving!, Today's game will be televised live on the FS South footprint and delayed on UK IMG affiliates. The FS South footprint includes Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, South Carolina, North Carolina (partial) and Tennessee. For those of you outside the footprint, you can watch a live stream online at espn3.com. We will also have a live chat at coachcal.com. -- CoachCal.com staff, Who's participating in the Big Blue Triathlon tomorrow? UK Hoops at noon, our game at 4 p.m. and UK volleyball at 8 p.m. Everyone who checks in at the five checkpoints will receive a Big Blue Triathlon T-shirt, but one lucky winner will receive a lot more. One grand champion (random drawing) will receive a Nike gift pack and two lower-level tickets to our game vs. Louisville, VIP access to ESPN College GameDay on Feb. 15, two lower-level tickets to our game vs. Florida, and two lower-level tickets for our Alabama game (Senior Day). The winning “triathlete” will also get to shoot baskets on the Rupp Arena floor prior to one of the games as well as get their picture taken at midcourt., Told the guys today, what got you here won't get you there. Time to change the old and create the new., One last chance to send in a question for me for our upcoming Mailbag episodes. Post your question in the comments section below., Don't get down on these kids. You can't go up and down with this team half by half because you'll drive yourself nuts. Continue to watch the growth. How hard is it for these kids? Take your worst habits you had for 10 years and tell yourself, "I'm going to change these habits." Then do it. That is what these guys are having to do, and it's really hard. They're having to change habits. I want you think of every time you have the urge to do the bad habit again. It's no different in basketball. We are miles away right now, but we are moving in the right direction. This is one of the best groups of young people I have ever coached. I wish we were farther along than we are, but that's on me. I love these kids., Tonight's game against Cleveland State will be televised by FSN. There will also be a live stream at ESPN3.com, but it's subject to blackout. We'll also have a live blog at the link below., I'm so happy this university is investing in our football program to give it the same opportunities that other big-time SEC schools have. It's a process, and the renovations, along with the recruiting Coach Stoops and his staff have done, are huge steps forward. Check out thenewCWS.com to see what the stadium will look like after the renovations., I can't begin to tell you how bad I feel for Derrick Rose with the news that he will be out for the rest of the season. Derrick's injury is similar to what Russell Westbrook had, so he should come back for next year and be fine. If there's anyone who can bounce back from this, it's Derrick. My message to Derrick would be to stay strong and stay focused. Love you, kid., #BBN, join me in wishing Kenny Payne a happy birthday. If you're at the game tonight, make sure you wish him one., Congratulations to James Young for winning SEC Freshman of the Week. He's our third player this year to score 25 or more points in a game., Congrats to UMass and Derek Kellogg. UMass just won the Charleston Classic and should be ranked in the top 20 tomorrow after a 6-0 start that includes some impressive wins. Proud of Derek and what they're doing up there in Amherst., Look who stopped by practice today. Great to see Ashley. She's going to give me her critique of the team later., My good friend and mentor George Raveling is being inducted into the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame tonight. I can think of few people who have done more for our game, players and coaches than Coach Rave. What a well-deserved honor., Today is Megan's bday. She was a Thanksgivkng baby. I'm proud of the woman she has become. She's a good girl. I love you, Megan. Happy birthday!, Just cracked open “The Seed” by Jon Gordon and “The Essential Wooden” by Steve Jamison. Both got me thinking. My purpose at this point in my life is taking someone’s child, helping him grow as a man and preparing him for future success. That purpose and winning games are sometimes at odds, but at the end of the day, what we do here has to be about these kids., We are going to be shooting more episodes of the Mailbag soon, but to do so, we're going to need more questions from the Big Blue Nation. Ask me anything and I may answer it on video on my website., Another strong night for our guys in the NBA. Terrence got another start and scored a career-high 24 points in his team’s victory. John Wallied his career high with 16 assists. DeMarcus Cousins' 27-12 night is becoming normal. Archie had 16 points in 19 minutes. We’ve got so many guys in the league right now that I can’t mention every single one, but all of our players are playing really well. Seems like every night one of them is having a big game. Won’t be surprised if a few more do well tonight. Keep it up, guys., Today marks the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address, which was delivered by one of my all-time favorite leaders, President Lincoln. President Lincoln taught us that doing what’s right isn't always popular and what’s popular isn't always right. On the anniversary of the address, I wanted to share the speech with you along with one of my favorite quotes from him., Congratulations to Bruiser Flint on becoming the winningest coach in Drexel history tonight. He's a great friend and brother., Saddened to hear Betty Ridl, the wife of legendary Pitt coach Buzz Ridl, passed away. Buzz taught me the Amoeba Defense and we became fast friends soon after. When he passed away in 1995, Betty and I became close. Betty and her family came to a lot of our games, including our national championship game at Memphis. She was a wonderful woman and became like a second mom to me. I'm going to miss her dearly., My radio show returns tonight at 7. You can ask a question by calling the Fan Outfitters hotline at (800) 249-2287 or by sending a tweet to UK IMG Sports Marketing (twitter.com/UKIMGNetwork). You can listen to the show in Lexington on WLAP-630 or online at UKathletics.com., Congratulations to Eloy on signing with Fuenlabrada in Spain. Proud of you, Eloy., #BBN, if you're headed to the game tonight, make sure you stay safe out there. We've got some inclement weather on the way. I'd advise getting early. If you're staying at home, we're on ESPN2 tonight and WatchESPN online., #BBN, let's wish one of the newest members of our family, Karl Towns, a happy birthday today. Looking forward to working with Karl next year., I hope everyone knows we didn't schedule Robert Morris for revenge. I wanted them on the schedule because I know how hard they play. They execute as well as anyone and are going to give us a dogfight, which is what our team needs., #BBN, happy to announce we've received national letters of intent from Devin Booker, Trey Lyles, Karl Towns and Tyler Ulis. I’m really proud of this group as far as where they are academically, what type of people they are and their basketball ability. All four of these guys are skilled for their position and they have the ability to score. We’re happy to announce they will be joining us next fall. Welcome them to La Familia., I want you to know I was miserable all day yesterday because we lost and how we played early in the game. With that being said, I see my job and the job of all college coaches as promoting college basketball AND the players. What I’m most proud of is the Champions Classic was more about the star power of the players than it was the coaches. The players helped themselves, and not just the freshmen. What about Alex Poythress, Keith Appling, Gary Harris and Perry Ellis? They used that stage to elevate their games. That’s why putting on events like that are good for the game and good for the players. They promote our game and promote our players., #BBN, who's ready for tonight? The UK-Michigan State game will be televised nationally on ESPN. You can also follow along our live blog at the link below. -- CoachCal.com staff, Had a surprise visitor in our locker room last night. Tony Spino, Coach Wooden's longtime trainer and good friend, was at our game. As I stayed in touch with Coach Wooden all those years, Tony was the guy I called to get a hold of him. I told Tony I hope some of that UCLA magic Coach Wooden had going rubs off on our team., Happy Veteran's Day to everyone who has served to preserve and protect our freedom. Appreciate everything you have done for our country., Brad turns 17 today. Couldn't be more proud of how he's grown as a young man. Every day I see the little things he does and I'm more amazed with his growth. His mother has done a great job with him. LOL! Happy birthday, Brad. Love you, kid., This afternoon's game will be televised on FS South and UK IMG. There will also be a live online video stream at http://espn.go.com/watchespn/index/_/type/upcoming/startDate/20131110/search/*/ (subject to blackout)., For those asking about tonight's TV coverage, the game will be televised by FS South and UK IMG. If the game isn't being carried in your neck of the woods, WatchESPN will have a live video stream at http://espn.go.com/watchespn/index/_/id/1313790/Mens-College-Basketball-UNC-Asheville-vs-Kentucky. -- CoachCal.com staff, Can you believe I’m beginning my fifth season at Kentucky? I can still remember the first press conference. We are all going to have to be patient with this group, ESPECIALLY me. We have four months to get this thing right. And if you want me to let you in on a little secret, we’re not right yet. Let’s enjoy the ride., Congratulations are in order for Tony Barbee, who is headed to the UMass Hall of Fame. As many of you know, Tony played for me at UMass and later coached with me. Couldn't be more deserving of the honor. Proud of you, Tony!, Happy belated birthday to Doron Lamb. Wanted to wait on Mrs. Cal to make a new batch of brownies. The first ones mysteriously disappeared., We are excited to continue and be a part of the Champions Classic. This season-opening event does a couple of things for our schedule. One, it allows us to play an early-season marquee game at a neutral site, which is important for our team to play in before the NCAA Tournament. Secondly, when you talk about Duke, Kansas, Michigan State and Kentucky, you’re talking about four of the best programs in our sport. So it’s a great event for our fans. We’re happy we could renew it for three more years., We've got a new Mailbag with Coach Cal up on the site. Check it out at the link below. -- CoachCal.com staff, A copy of the 1958 Sports Illustrated college basketball preview issue came across my desk this morning. In it is a story by Adolph Rupp that I wanted to share with the #BBN. Coach Rupp was clearly ahead of his time., The team and I just stopped by to see Dickie Gregory, who fell at our game Friday night. Our prayers are with Dickie and his family., Don't panic, folks, James had a slightly sprained ankle from the game last night. The boot is just precautionary., After sleeping on it last night, we've got a terrific group of talent, but we're just not a unit on either end of the floor. It appears it's going to take some time. I won't let our schedule change the process. There are going to be teams way ahead of us early but I won't let it change the process., Getting ready for our final exhibition game. We're on UK IMG and FS South at 7 p.m., Andrew could play tonight, but I’m going to hold him out. We're off tomorrow so that gives him another day of rest. Hopefully he’ll be ready to go Wednesday for our game on Friday but no guarantees. I’m going to start Jarrod to let Aaron play both his natural position at the two and point. Starting with Jarrod will be Aaron, James, Julius and Willie., How about our man Boogie Cousins averaging a double-double so far? Make sure you like his Facebook page for a chance to win some prizes., What does #BBN think of our new website design at CoachCal.com. My staff has redesigned the site to increase functionality and to tailor to all of your devices. I’ll be the first to admit that some of that stuff is over my head (LOL!), but I know one thing: I like the new look! I’m told there are still a few bugs we are working through, but we should have those fixed by the end of the week. Want to thank my staff and friends at WebMedley Web Services for all their hard work on the site. Chad Hobson and Bill Dotson are the best in the business!, How about the start of our guys in the NBA? Eric Bledsoe hitting a game winner, Enes Kanter averaging a double-double and how about Anthony Davis? Yesterday, Anthony became the youngest in NBA history with at least 25 points, five blocks and five steals in a game. Wow!!! Proud of all of our guys. Keep it up!, Just a heads up, I'm wearing a red tie tonight to honor my late friend Rick Corman. We miss you, Rick., The 2013 GoodGiving Challenge has started. Donate now until Dec. 31 and help your favorite local nonprofit, not to mention win great prizes., Andrew is out for tomorrow’s game with a bone bruise in his knee. Alex, who had a great practice today, will be one of our starters., Alright, #BBN, you're getting a little carried away with last night's scrimmage. It showed we can be a good team and possibly a really good team, but every team we play will be more experienced and execute better than us. We have to play harder than them and we have to be a great defensive team to have a chance. You should be excited and happy, but you also have to understand we have a long way to go., Congratulations to Amanda Dowell, a freshman from
Stanford, Ky., and Josh Lawson, a senior from Boyle County, for winning the scholarships tonight. I know those two will put it to good use next semester., #BBN, our Blue/White Scrimmage will be televised tonight on the UK/IMG Sports Network as well as FS South. We will also have a live blog that you can follow along with for those of you watching from home., Want to wish luck to all of our guys a great year as they start the NBA season tonight. We have 22 UK guys on an opening-day roster plus three more of my UMass and Memphis guys still going. Proud of all of you., Attention UK students: I’m going to award two students who attend our Blue-White Scrimmage by paying for their undergraduate spring tuition. Students enrolled at UK can sign up at the regular student entrance at Rupp Arena, behind Section 34. You must present a valid UK student ID. We will announce the winners at the completion of the scrimmage. You must be present to win. Gates open at 6 p.m. and you must sign up by 7. One other thing: In the event of a graduate/professional student winner, in-state/out-of-state undergraduate tuition amount will be applied. Get your Blue-White Scrimmage tickets for $5 through Ticketmaster.com or by calling Ticketmaster at 800-745-3000., Happy birthday to Andrew and Aaron Harrison. Mrs. Cal has a plate of brownies for each of you. Don't need to share them., The Kentucky Gathering is this week! Bring your family to celebrate the best Kentucky has to offer., You people are CRAZY! 24,000 show up for a practice, most of them staying in a tent for four days to get tickets. Tomorrow we have a scrimmage where 14,000 of you have bought tickets. Can we break the 2009 record and get to 15,000?, Look who I ran into in Houston. With Terrence Jones and Francisco Garcia., Our first Mailbag episode of the new Mailbag went up on the site today. We will be back with another one next week., Wow!!! I hear the #BBN is going to get a chance to talk to some of our guys on a live chat at 11:15 a.m. today. Pretty neat idea for our guys to get to interact with some of you. Alex, Andrew and Jon will be on the chat at the link below. Start thinking of your question now., Our Coaches' Clinic is tomorrow from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. We're going to give our participants a chance to watch us practice two times. We've decided to give each participant a piece of the national title floor because it was such a big hit at the Women's Clinic. It's not too late to sign up for tomorrow's clinic, but do so now because limited spots are available., What does the #BBN think of the player blogs we're doing on the website? Tod was our latest guy to talk about some of the things we're doing here. Let me know what you think., With the season upon us, I want to get our CoachCal.com Mailbag going again so I can hear what the #BBN is thinking. Post your questions below and I may answer one in one of our Mailbag episodes. Remember, it can be about anything., Tickets for the Keightley Classic go on sale tonight at 6 at ticketmaster.com., The Kentucky Gathering starts in one week! Bring your family to celebrate the best Kentucky has to offer., Loved seeing Patrick Patterson went for 27 points and 8 rebounds tonight. Even better, he made 3 three-pointers in the game. That lets me know it was the right move to play him more on the perimeter. Just think, he never even made a 3 before his last season at UK., Good morning #BBN, here are a few highlights from last night's event. I had to tell our guys how they have to play about five minutes into our scrimmage. We never discussed it so they didn't know they could go 100 percent. It just shows you with a young team, you can't assume anything. I'm looking forward to a great practice today. Hope you enjoyed the show., What an unbelievable night for our program. Our fans are the absolute greatest. Hope the #BBN had fun tonight. I know our players did. If you missed my state of the program address tonight, here it is. 
, Getting ready for #BBM2013. Everything you need to follow along for tonight can be found at http://www.ukathletics.com/. Hope the #BBN enjoys., Have you downloaded the Wham City Lights app yet for tonight's #BBM2013? Download at https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/wham-city-lights/id580034697?mt=8 … or https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.whamcitylights …., Here's one of the brains behind the Sixth Man movie, Jason Epperson. Check out the trailer at sixthmanmovie.com., Saw the premiere of the Sixth Man movie tonight, a one-of-a-kind look at what makes our fans, the #BBN, so special. The Sixth Man made me laugh, it made me cry and it made me really appreciate the opportunity I have to be the basketball coach at Kentucky. Thanks to Jason Epperson, Steve Bates, Tim Bates, Lee Cruse and Bart Mahan for not only inviting me but including me in the movie. Loved it., Look who watched practice today. One of Lexington's best athletes, Ben Revere., Happy for Derrick Rose. He scored 22 points in 22 minutes tonight, and he looked fast! HE'S BACK!!!, This is going to be a huge weekend for you fans with Madness and a few of our players returning Saturday Night to Rupp Arena. But tomorrow night it's the #BBN in the spotlight with the premiere of the Sixth Man. It's a documentary about the greatest fan base in all of sports! See you at the Kentucky Theater. Show times are at 9 and 11 p.m. UK students get a discount with ID. , Look who we ran into at the airport on the way to SEC Media Day. I still remember meeting Dr. Todd in Chicago with Mitch about the job and the things we talked about before I was hired., The Official Kentucky Basketball Yearbook will be available for purchase starting Friday at Rupp Arena for Madness. The yearbook will be available later this month in select retailers. You can order it online now at imgproducts.net., #BBN, if you are attending Madness, our marketing staff has come up with a great way to participate in this year's events. Download the free Wham City Lights app and join in the celebration this year., Looking forward to seeing my sons Anthony Davis, John Wall, Darius Miller and Tyreke Evans in Rupp Arena on Saturday. Tickets are still available for that Pelicans-Wizards game, which starts at 7 p.m. on Saturday., If you missed it earlier today, check out Coach Cal's press conference from UK Media Day today., Great practice. The guys came back strong after a small weekend break. Alex is getting healthier and it was good to have him & Willie back. Having all 12 scholarship players available today made a difference. We also had 12 NBA scouts at practice which is more than normal., I visited one of my friends in the hospital today. He's sick, but I left inspired, and I want to tell you why., Thanks to Pieratt's for supporting the Women’s Clinic. Nobody Beats Pieratt's. #BBN, check out their Facebook page for a chance to win tickets to Big Blue Madness and possibly a Samsung Home Theater worth more than $2,500!, Just wrapped up our 2013 Women's Clinic. This year we had a record 651 women show up. We let the ladies watch us practice from start to finish. I’m always blown away by the knowledge and passion of our fans. Found out one of our participants backed out of her friend’s wedding so she could watch the national championship game. Another one said she induced labor so she could watch our title game. And one woman said she named her child so that her initials was MKG. You women are crazy! Hope all of our participants had a great time this year., You women are crazy! A line has already formed for our Women's Clinic that will start later tonight., I promised the #BBN more details on the Wildcat Code a while back. Check them out at the link below., Talked to Tom Izzo today. We both laughed at all the talk. We both want to beat each other! Lol!, Congratulations to Jenna and Matthew Mitchell on their newborn. #BBN, let's welcome Presley Blue Mitchell to the family! #WeAreUK, Tickets for our Blue-White Scrimmage on Oct. 29 are now on sale. Find out how you can purchase them at the link below., Had a great time in front of 1,000-plus at our Tip-Off Luncheon in Louisville with Coach Mitchell, President Capilouto and Mitch Barnhart., The Madness campout is crazy and you people are crazy. I love it! #BBN deserves its own movie, and they made one. Check out the trailer at 6thmanmovie.com and "like" their page and receive updates on the film at The Sixth Man., Gave a leadership speech to David H. Elliot Company this morning. Great group of people. This is their president and CEO., Gave a leadership speech to David H. Elliot Company this morning. Great group of people. This is their president and CEO., Gave a leadership speech to David H. Elliot Company this morning. Great group of people. This is their president and CEO., Gave a leadership speech to David H. Elliot Company this morning. Great group of people. This is their president and CEO., Just left the Muhammad Ali Humanitarian Awards and Gala in Louisville. On my way to see my people in Tent City. #WeAreUK #BBMcampout, Just an FYI, #BBN., I hear there are 755 tents outside now. Wow!!!! #BBN never ceases to amaze me. I wonder which one of those 755 is my tent from a few years ago., Finishing up the final chapter of Michael Sokolove's "Drama High" book. It truly is an unbelievable read. As I told Mike, I got really emotional around page 160 where I really felt the joy of the cast. It's an eye-opening book that brings light to what theatre can do for people in a positive way. Mike is one of the best., 650 tents already?! You people ARE crazy., Had a blast watching my Pirates tonight. Got a feeling the Reds will come back stronger than ever next year. This is with Michael Keaton after the game. Michael grew up a few miles from where I grew up. I invited him to a game this year. He said he'd come if he could sit with Ashley Judd., Big Blue Madness campout begins “tomorrow." Please be respectful of each other when jockeying for position to set up your tents. Have fun, be respectful to others and let’s show why we have the best fans in the nation!, I'm headed home to pack for my trip to the Pirates-Reds game tonight, but I'm already jacked up about our practice today. Today is the first time we'll run the guys through a full practice that will feature both offense and defense., I see our current players are doing their part to give back today as well. I hear I missed out on some fun stuff., Lots of things to be proud of today. My son DeMarcus Cousins
gets a maximum contract and gives $1 million of it to charity. What a great thing. What DeMarcus did today and what John Wall did a couple months ago shows me that we're teaching these kids more than just basketball here., I'm so proud of my daughter Erin who earned her doctorate of philosophy in neuropharmacology. I barely can say it let alone spell it. She graduated in four years from a five-year program while publishing 23 papers (15 her own). Sound like a proud father? Not done yet. Her presentation was very impressive even though Ellen and I only knew a few words. On top of all that she was confident and funny. Proud of both my girls, including Megan, who graduated from the Cambridge School of Culinary Arts with high honors earlier this year. The jury's still out on Brad. Just kidding of course. I'm Italian. I love my son!!!, I just want to thank the #BBN for the reception they gave Tubby Smith at the football game. It showed how classy our fans are. The love you have shown to former coaches and players like Rex Chapman and Coach Hall shows true loyalty to the program. Continue to believe in our football program. As a coach, I see the progression and the direction of UK football and Mark will get us there. I flew back from camp in New York to join 60,000 others to pull for UK football. We came up short, but better days are ahead., The Five-Star gang. Great memories. I am so thankful to all of them!, Wish I could make the UK Athletics Hall of Fame ceremony tonight for two guys who I have a great respect for in Tubby Smith and Rex Chapman. I’m racing around the country recruiting this week, but I want those two to know how much I wish I could be there. They are two of the best. I also want to congratulate all of the UK greats who will be inducted tonight. What an honor for some really special individuals. #WeAreUK, Our Blue-White Scrimmage, which was originally scheduled for Oct. 28 at Rupp Arena, has been moved to Oct. 29 at 7 p.m. Tickets will go on sale beginning Oct. 8 at 9 a.m., My website team has added a cool feature to the site I think the #BBN is going to like. Throughout the season, our guys are going to blog about their experiences on and off the court. Should make for a unique look at our program by season's end. Marcus Lee started things off., Just got through the first 100 pages of Michael Sokolove's new book "Drama High" and I can't put it down. I hear the book got rave reviews from The New York Times, and I can see why. As the #BBN knows, Mike is doing the "Players First" book with me, which is scheduled to come out in the spring. Mike is a talented writer. Drama High is available in bookstores today and online at http://www.amazon.com/Drama-High-Incredible-Brilliant-Struggling/dp/1594488223, #BBN, let's see how many birthday shares we can get for one of our favorites, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist Happy birthday, Mike! Love you, kid., Here are the additional details on practice I promised earlier. Enjoy, #BBN. 
, Before I hit the road to recruit out West, I scrimmaged the guys for 35 minutes today. We did all Dribble Drive with a few post-up entries. Two thoughts: Obviously we can post up our bigs and Julius, but we can also post up the twins. Big scoring day for Derek Willis. My website will have a few more details on practice later tonight., Honored to be a part of the American Cancer Society's Inaugural Coaches vs. Cancer Tip-Off Madness Cocktail Reception on Oct. 2 in Pitt. To raise some awareness for our fight against cancer, I want to try something different next week. I'm asking everyone in the city of Pittsburgh to wear blue while I'm in town on Oct. 2. Let's paint the town blue and fight this disease., I know how much the Big Blue Nation loves practice reports. Here is one from our practice today. 
, Just had dinner with the Committee of 101. We took over the Merrick Inn. What a great and loyal group full of UK supporters., #BBN, let's all wish Dakari Johnson a happy birthday today. People don't realize how good he really is. Happy birthday, Dakari!, Today, I put the guys thru a controlled dribble drive scrimmage. I tried a few different lineups, even the rookies vs the veterans. Right now, I think we have at least 7 starters on this team with a few guys pushing them. I saw a lot of options, if we want to play a smaller lineup, longer lineup or a big lineup. We all know that it doesn't matter who starts, but what's more important is who finishes the game., #BBN, join me in wishing a happy 50th birthday to my good friend Marc Guilfoil today. Enjoy the day, Marc., Ray Ellerbrook, a great player for Jack Leaman at UMass, a friend and supporter of me passed away today. My prayers and thoughts are with him and his family., #BBN, have you got your tickets yet for our Dec. 1 game against Providence? Let's pack the Barclays Center!, Had our first team practice today. As you can tell in this video, I'm fired up to get started. This is what I live for., My former point guard (Derek Kellogg), center (Marcus Camby) and forward (Lou Roe). Love these guys., Not bad seats, huh?, Alright, #BBN, I decided to go. Who is going to win?, Hate I missed our football game today. Coach Stoops has some great kids and he has them going in the right direction. Still out west recruiting through the weekend and now I'm in Vegas. Got invited to the fight tonight, but don't know if I'm going., #BBN, let's all wish Marcus Lee a happy birthday. Happy birthday, Marcus!, I heard the weather is going to be incredible at Commonwealth Stadium on Saturday. I can't make it back in time from the road, so I need the #BBN to pick me up. Wear blue and pull us through. If you don't have tickets yet, its not too late. Call the UK Ticket Office at 859-257-1818., My website's "Meet the Wildcats" series wraps up today with James Young. James is a long, athletic and skilled wing. I love that he's always wanted to play for us., Alright, #BBN, I'm getting on the first plane ride of a big road trip. I'm going to be absolutely grinding the next six days recruiting. I need to get myself in the right frame mind. While I'm in the air, should I watch the 2012 national title game or the 2012 semifinal game?, I couldn’t have been more proud of our guys last night. To watch them and see how much they’ve grown as men, it made me emotional. To come back to support causes that affect our state is an incredible gesture. The memories that rushed through my mind were incredible. How blessed have we been to have those guys on our court? To my players, you know I love all you guys. I also want to thank the fans, the fantasy players and the people who bought auction items so that we could give 17 charities more than $1 million, which included matching funds. Thank you all. Last night was truly a special night., What did the Big Blue Nation think of our intro video last night for the UK Alumni Charity Game? I know it gave me goosebumps., What an unbelievable night. Nothing that puts a smile on my face quite like seeing all my boys back. And for them to come back and help us raise so much money for charity, what a special thing. We raised more than $1 million from this weekend. Thanks to everyone who made tonight possible, including the Big Blue Nation. This was a special night for a lot of people., How fitting is it that Team Kentucky won our second annual Basketball Fantasy Experience? Congratulations to head coach Dino Gaudio and his assistants Brad Jiulianti and Brian Adkins. Of course, most of the credit goes to the players: David Wilkinson, Rodney Sims, Steve Sibley, Bret Mayberry, Matt Hoetker, David O'Donnell, David Capps, Ron Peddicord and Raymond Wright Jr. The "Wynning" team gets two free nights at the Wynn Las Vegas hotel on the night of their choice. Not a bad deal, huh?, With Jason Taylor, another great Western Pennsylvania guy. Jason was the top pick in our fantasy experience draft, but I hear he received a little "hack-a-Shaq" treatment. Hope you had fun, Jason., If you don't think these fantasy experience players take these games seriously, check out this video., Make sure you go buy your tickets now for Saturday's game. UK football needs your support., Wow!!! We raised more than $215,000 at our Fantasy Experience auction tonight, all of which will go to charity tomorrow at the Alumni Game. That's just part of the proceeds we will donate tomorrow. Looking forward to tomorrow night., Getting ready to host our Fantasy Experience campers for dinner. Camp has been a blast so far. These guys really want to win this thing., One other comment on the Dominican Republic team. I hear our man Eloy Vargas played great today. Scored 13 points and grabbed seven rebounds. Keep it up, Eloy. The Big Blue Nation is pulling for you. Proud of you!, Want to congratulate the Dominican Republic National Team for qualifying for the World Championships for the first time in 35 years. Couldn't be more of Orlando, Rod and the staff, Eduardo Najri, Jose Miguel, and all the players. What a team effort., Day one of our Fantasy Experience is in the books. Guys are looking forward to tomorrow. Here are some pics from day one., WinStar Farm, the setting for tonight's social event for the Basketball Fantasy Experience., Congrats to Coach Stoops on his first career win as head coach. Sounds like the offense was really moving it today. #WeAreUK, The games are underway at the Craft Center. Make sure you are following @CoachCalDotCom on Twitter for updates., Kicking off our Fantasy Basketball Experience this morning with Del Harris., Really looking forward to this weekend. Not only do my sons return home for our game Monday night and our Fantasy Basketball Experience, everything we raise this weekend goes to charity. We are hoping to give away between $700,000 and $800,000 to 15 different organizations at the UK Alumni Charity Game. I want to take this time to let you know a little bit about each of the organizations we will be donating money to in the link below. Also, less than 5,000 tickets remain for our game Monday night. Tickets can still be purchased at the Rupp Arena box office, online at http://www.ticketmaster.com/event/16004B0276AD2F54, at any Ticketmaster outlet or by phone at 1-800-745-3000., #BBN, two special birthdays to celebrate today. Alex Poythress turns 20 today and John Wall turns 23. Alex, make sure you pick up your birthday brownies from Mrs. Cal. John, looking forward to seeing you Monday., Not a bad looking group of guys., I think you're going to like this one, Big Blue Nation. Here's our story and video on the Harrison twins, Andrew and Aaron. Absolutely love their work ethic and will to win., Wow, does the #BBN know whose birthday it is today? Adolph Rupp! Can you believe he would be 112 years old if he was alive today?, Had the team over today to talk to them about the traits of some of my best teams. Ready to get this year started., I just want to say how proud I am of the Dominican National Team and their coach, Orlando Antigua. They beat Argentina for the first time in that type of setting Saturday before losing a close one to Venezuela on Sunday. What they've been able to do has been amazing. It's not just a team anymore, it's a franchise that players want to play for. Even the younger teams are coming along. I'm proud that we were able to play a small part in the success and that Orlando is continuing it.  Good luck to Orlando and the Dominicans as they move forward., We had our first full team meeting today. I'm ready to go to war with this group., Last chance to place a bid on one of five signed balls we have. Myself, DeMarcus Cousins, Eric Bledsoe, Anthony Davis, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Nerlens Noel and Archie Goodwin signed each one. The proceeds will go to charity. The auctions close at 3 p.m. ET., Wow, going to have an unbelievable turnout at our 2013 Women's Clinic. Was just told we have already sold out in less than a week., Happy birthday to Michael Stone, the best academic advisor in the country. We had a 3.4 spring team GPA thanks to Mike's guidance. Happy birthday, Mike. Hope you're having a good one., Starting to get really excited about having our former players back in town next weekend. Can’t wait to see all of my sons. I’ve talked with some of them and they are all ecstatic about being home. Some may have only stayed a year or two, but this is home for them. The #BBN is the type of people they want to be around. Think about that. You’re their extended family. The weekend will also be a great opportunity for our current players to see how much you are loved when you play here. Tickets are still available for next weekend’s game. Proceeds from the game are going to charity., I’m really excited about E.J. joining our team. He’s a great young man who certainly has the athletic ability to be a part of this team and compete at this level. He’s just beginning on the learning curve in terms of some of his basketball skills, but he’s eager to soak up everything he can and has the potential to be a contributor for us., Good luck to all Wildcats on their first day of classes. One of the best times of the year. Here's our official roster for the 2013-14 season., Big Blue Nation, we’ve got another chance for you to win some of my favorite memorabilia. Full proceeds from each auction, including this one, go straight to my foundation, The Calipari Foundation. Since we are less than two weeks away from our annual UK Alumni Charity Game, we are auctioning off five separate Nike basketballs that have been signed by me and six of our NBA pros: DeMarcus Cousins, Eric Bledsoe, Anthony Davis, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Nerlens Noel and Archie Goodwin. We’ll start each ball at $250 and open it up for three days. The auction will close Friday at 3 p.m. ET. Remember, it’s all going to charity!, Our annual Coaches' Clinic has been set for Oct. 26. Don't miss your chance to watch how we approach this year's team with two exclusive looks of our practice sessions., #BBN, let's all wish Mitch Barnhart a happy birthday today. After a record department finish last year, I'm looking forward to our future at UK., Just left Rick Corman's funeral. Had a few more thoughts I wanted to share about my friend now that I've had a few days to collect my thoughts., Excited to announce our Women's Clinic has been set for Oct. 13. Sign up now as spots will fill up quickly., We've lost one of our best. A few thoughts on the passing of my dear friend Rick Corman., It’s been a tough day. Just left Elaine Sortino’s funeral only to find out my good friend R.J. Corman has passed away. I’m not in the frame of mind to talk about it right now, but I will shortly. Rest in peace, my good friend., Had a great time speaking with LG&E and KU today. Victor Staffieri and his leadership team do a wonderful job., Big Blue Nation, I hope you haven't forgotten about our online coaching drills. They're a great way to watch and learn what we're teaching our team and apply it to your team, you kid, whoever. And remember, all proceeds go to charity!, Two of the best ever, Dusty Baker and Joe Morgan. Dusty's boys are nipping on my Pirates' heels after the win tonight., Stopped by Jeff Ruby's to have a steak with the man himself. He's still crazy! LOL., With Marvin Lewis at the Bengals' practice. I'm a Steelers guy, but Marvin has one heck of a team he's put together here in Cincy., It's an exciting week here as students begin to return to campus. Can already tell things are picking up around here. It's one of the best times of the year. Remember, students, play to your strengths!, No fan base gets behind its own quite like the Big Blue Nation, so let's help another person. Miss Kentucky, Jenna Day -- a current UK student --  is vying for Miss America next month. One of the segments of the contest is a video vote from fans. Log on to http://www.missamerica.org/videocontest/ and vote for Jenna. The winner of the video is guaranteed a spot in the top 15 finalists. Let's help her out, #BBN!, Alright, Big Blue Nation, you can plan the rest of your year -- our full 2013-14 schedule is out. LOL!, Sad to hear my good friend and colleague at UMass, Elaine Sortino, lost her battle with cancer. She was a great friend and person. Prayers go out to Elaine's family. I will definitely light a candle for her at Mass., #BBN, two birthdays today, one for a former player and one of our current guys. Let's all wish Kenny Walker and Willie Cauley-Stein happy birthday., A special happy birthday goes out to Archie Goodwin. Proud of what he's doing. Only 19 years old and he's living his dream. Keep it up, kid., #BBN, let's all wish James Young a happy birthday. Looking forward to working with you, kid., How many of you are going to attend GameDay when the Gators come to town Feb. 15? Something tells me we're going to threaten our previous attendance records., Happy birthday to DeMarcus Cousins. Mrs. Cal says happy birthday to her big baby son., Landed top recruit Jason Taylor for my Fantasy Experience. He's committed to play at Kentucky Sept 7-9. You can join him., Congratulations to Wendy Heck Grillo for winning yesterday's giveaway. Wendy, please check your messages and reply for confirmation (click on the messages icon and click on the "other" folder). If you can't find the message, Wendy, please reply with your address below. If you know Wendy, please let her know that she won. -- CoachCal.com staff, Alright, Reds fans, don't get mad at me. This is for the Pittsburgh fans. I'll announce which one of my fans wins this later tonight, so check back then., Just got done reading "Everybody Wins," the story of RE/MAX and Dave Liniger, the chairman and co-founder RE/MAX. Went through the book because I’m going up to Canada on Monday to talk some people for RE/MAX. Lot of great lessons in that book. One of my favorites: When you’re doing things different and you’re going against the grain, boy do people get angry. Yet, when it was all said and done for RE/MAX, they changed the way business was done in real estate. It's a lesson that applies beyond real estate., Couple of special birthdays today. Happy birthday to John Robic, who's been with me longer than any other assistant, and to Linda Carmack, our office secretary. Hope you are both having a great day., Here's a pic of Jeremy Hunt, Ken Bennett and Joey Dorsey from my Memphis days I came across. Man, did we have fun taking on the world!, Tickets for our 2013 UK Alumni Charity Game, which will be held Sept. 9 at Rupp Arena, are on sale now. All seats are reserved and priced at $50 (premium lower level), $20 (lower level), $10 and $5 (upper level). So far, 12 guys are confirmed from the 2010 and 2012 teams. Trying to add two missing starters. Remember, all proceeds go to charity., Happy and proud to hear Julius Mays has signed a deal to play professionally for Mobyt Ferrara in Italy. Go ahead, Julius, and go prove to everyone that you’re the player I know you are. That’s what this program is all about is helping players reach their dreams. Proud of Julius., Wanted to take a few minutes today to talk about my staff and how hard working everyone is. I have the hardest working staff in the country and we could not do what we do without each and every individual. I'll be the first to say that I get too much of the credit when things go well. Our staff deserves much of it. It truly takes a village to create the Kentucky Effect., Here's our next profile on the newcomers. Next up is Marcus Lee. Really love his upside. His speed, jumping ability and length set him apart., Reminder: Tickets for the 2013 UK Alumni Charity Game, which will be held Sept. 9 at Rupp Arena, go on sale Friday at 10 a.m. ET. Starting Friday, tickets can only be purchased at the Rupp box office, ticketmaster.com, Ticketmaster outlets or by calling 1-800-745-3000., Big Blue Nation, tickets for our UK Alumni Charity Game, which will be held Sept. 9 at Rupp Arena, go on sale Friday, Aug. 9, at 10 a.m. ET. All seats are reserved and priced at $50 (premium lower level), $20 (lower level), $10 and $5 (upper level). Tickets can only be purchased at the Rupp Arena box office, online at Ticketmaster.com, at any Ticketmaster Outlet or by phone at 1-800-745-3000. Hope to see you there. Remember, the proceeds from the game go to charity., Howard Garfinkel turned 84 yesterday. I can still remember his two-hand set shot from the top of the key. I still have my memories of watching him make shots under pressure., Congratulations to Donna Metcalfe Paynter for winning today's giveaway. Donna, please check your messages and reply for confirmation (click on the messages icon and click on the "other" folder). If you can't find the message, Donna, please reply with your address below. If you know Donna, please let her know that she won. -- CoachCal.com staff, I've got a pretty cool item to give away to the Big Blue Nation. I got a Nike ball signed by coaches Jim Larranaga, Lorenzo Romar, Mark Few, Jay Wright, Billy Donovan, Dan Majerle and P.J. Carlesimo while I was at the USA Basketball Fantasy Camp last week. I've also signed it. And guess what? I'm giving it away to the #BBN just for being on my Facebook page. We will announce a winner later this afternoon, so check back to see if you've won., For those of you who keep up with the Book Club, I've got a bunch of new books I'm reading, including "The Ticket Out: Darryl Strawberry and the Boys of Crenshaw," by Mike Sokolove, who is doing the "Players First" book with me. Your book suggestions are always appreciated., Huge thanks to all of our sponsors who have helped make our ProCamps a success. Been a great week so far., So who gave me that "pooping ice cream" shirt? You won't believe this but it was Sandy Bell. LOL!, Proud of Twany. His new book "Full Court Press" is now available at Twany-Beckham.com. Really a great read that the #BBN will enjoy. Twany's grown so much during his time at UK. Fascinating to see where he came from and where he's going. Keep chasing your dreams, Twany!, By the way, that last picture was specifically for Jim Rome, who I first talked to about players pooping ice cream. Someone in the athletic department brought me that shirt. Any guesses who?, I finally found someone who actually poops ice cream ..., What a weekend Oct. 18-19 is going to be. First Big Blue Madness and now an NBA preseason game with John Wall, Anthony Davis and Darius Miller. Tickets for the NBA preseason game at Rupp Arena on Oct. 19 at 7 p.m. go on sale tomorrow at 10 a.m. They range in price from $10 to $250 and can be purchased at the Rupp Arena box office or at RuppArena.com. Of course, don't forget about our second annual UK Alumni Charity Game on Sept. 9 at Rupp Arena. We will have current and former pros back from my first four teams at Kentucky. Everything we do that weekend will be for charity. We will let you know when ticket information for the Alumni Charity Game becomes available., PNC Park. Great view!, With Pirates Manager Clint Hurdle. Now Cincinnati fans, don't get mad, he use to be a Red!!, What did the Big Blue Nation think of the online clothing store we launched on Monday? We will be adding several more options and designs over the coming weeks and months. Remember, partial proceeds go to charity. This is just another way for us to raise money for our communities., Congratulations to LeeRoss Clayborne, William Marshall, Gwendolin Ross, Oreta Gay and Jackie Ison for winning UK Facilities Management's Team of the Quarter award., La Familia!, If you didn't sign up for one of our Pro Camps this year, here's what you're missing: a whole lot of fun with our pros., To accommodate the Monday school night, we are moving the tip time to 7 p.m. ET for the 2013 UK Alumni Charity Game on Sept. 9 at Rupp Arena., Our second annual UK Alumni Charity Game is going to be Sept. 9 at 8 p.m. at Rupp Arena. The game is going to feature current and former pros from our last four teams. We will let you know when ticket info becomes available., Big Blue Nation, got another great deal from my friends at Papa John's Pizza to share with you. They're offering 50 percent off any large pizza regular menu price when you order online at http://bit.ly/1bNMiaW and use the promo code SAVE50. The deal is valid through Aug. 4. The offer is valid through Aug. 4., Really excited the Alltech National Horse Show is coming to Kentucky. I can't wait to be there Oct. 29 to Nov. 3., Here's our latest "Meet the Wildcats" story on my website. Today is Derek Willis who has some tremendous upside. Really like Derek's length and ability to spread the court for us., This is hysterical. Makes me happy to see our guys and our campers having so much fun., Wow!!! Look who stopped by my office today: Herky Rupp!, Congratulations to Matt Watt for winning yesterday's Coach Cal signed NBA Summer League pass. Matt, check your Facebook messages to claim your prize or post your address below. If you know Matt, let him know he won. -- CoachCal.com staff, Who wants my signed NBA Summer League pass? I'll announce a winner later tonight so make sure you check back to see if you have won., Here are our Pro Camps Campers of the Day., Really excited to be back in Lexington this week and kick off our ProCamps this morning. We'll have nearly 900 kids here this week to interact and learn from our Kentucky pros. Also good to have my sons back in town., #BBN, I’m proud to introduce my new line of clothing, the “Refuse to Lose Signature Series,” available now at st-brands.com. The Refuse to Lose Signature Series is designed for athletes, businessmen and –women, and fans everywhere. 
Everything we’ve made is geared towards comfort and breathability under high-performance use. We’ll have more options available in the coming weeks and months. The Signature Series is also available at select retailers around the Lexington area, including Walmart, Kroger, the UK Book Store, Kennedy Book Store and Rupp Arena. The best news of this announcement is why we’re doing it: charity. Partial proceeds from each and every sale will go to The Calipari Foundation. Everything we do, from the online coaching drills to the auctions and now this line, are geared towards generating funds to help our communities., Last night I was just sitting thinking and this popped in my mind: "If we help one, it could have a ripple effect for eternity.", I got my first camp technical at the USA Basketball Fantasy Camp today. I must be losing my mind., Steve Jomides bought this at the USA Basketball Fantasy Camp auction. Pretty cool., Here are two of the guys on our team that were missing from the team pic, Troy Mitchum and Kern Shireson., Here's part of my USA Basketball Fantasy Camp team. I've had a blast coaching these guys. In the picture are Stuart Brown, Brian Goldman, Steve Jomides, Dan Feldstein, Ric Elias, Rahime Bell and Wissam Merhi. Not pictured but on the team was Kern Shireson, Troy Mitchum and Maurice Wooden. Troy, unfortunately, broke his foot., With Brian Burkhart at USA Basketball Fantasy Camp. His mom is the dean of nursing at UK and his dad heads up American Red Cross., Last round of camps for 2013 is next week. Have you signed your child up yet? Pro Camp I is Monday and Tuesday, Pro Camp II is Wednesday and Thursday, and Pro Camp III is Thursday and Friday. We'll end the week on Saturday with our inaugural Dribble, Drive and Shooting Skills Academy. http://www.ukathletics.com/camps/, With Stuart Brown, my new assistant coach at USA Basketball Fantasy Camp. He's my recruiter LOL., Here's my website's latest "Meet the Wildcats" feature. This one's on Dakari Johnson, who I think the Big Blue Nation is going to love. I love that Dakari is a winner. He's won a high school championship, a world championship with Team USA, and he said he wants to win a national championship with us and an NBA championship. That tells me a lot about who he is., So proud to be in Vegas to support my sons and Team USA., Wow, Archie has 16 points at halftime of this NBA Summer League championship. I must have been holding him back., With Cui Wanjun, who spent the 2007-08 season with us at Memphis and is now a coach in China, at the USA Basketball practice facility earlier today. Proud of his success., Watching Archie in the NBA Summer League finals. The reports I've gotten of his growth, I couldn't be more proud., While I was in D.C. this past week, I peeled off some time for Mike to go over some of my new book, “Players First.” I’m really excited about the direction of it. It’s very readable and not too preachy. I love it so far and think you’re going to love it too. I know the #BBN doesn’t want me to share everything we do, but the reality of it is reading about it and doing what we do are two different things. The book is due out in the spring of 2014. Check out an excerpt from the book and pre-order your copy at http://thepenguinpress.com/book/players-first-success-from-the-inside-out/#excerpt., I’m saddened that Kyle Wiltjer is leaving the program, but if he thinks it’s in his best interest to go somewhere else, I completely support his decision. Here is what I sent Kyle after he told me of his final decision: “All’s good. Mrs. Cal and I are sad and disappointed but accept your decision. Thank you for helping us win a national title and working so hard for me the last two years. Go prove me right! You can play!! I will be here for you if you need me. Love you, kid." Kyle will always be a part of the #BBN., #BBN, don't forget about our inaugural Dribble Drive, Shooting and Skills Academy on Aug. 3. We've added additional information at the link below., We're proud of the hard work our guys are putting in both in the the classroom and on the court. The Succress Rate remains strong!, There are no road games for Kentucky basketball. Get your tickets now as we take over Brooklyn. Some ticket available for less than $20!, We are definitely a students-first university! Heard the new residence halls are amazing., What did everyone think of the excerpt from my new book that we will be releasing in the spring? Check it out at http://thepenguinpress.com/book/players-first-success-from-the-inside-out/#excerpt., I hear Marquis Teague scored 25 points and Archie Goodwin had 22 in their NBA Summer League games last night. I'm really proud of those two. I really believe they’re going to do well. I hope this shows them that all the hard work they put in was worth it and motivates them to keep going., Who's next? #SuccessRate, Thirty years ago, the very first recruiting I did was of Tyrone Jones and Milton Newton in Washington, D.C., where I am tonight. Every morning I got up, I would go down to the National Mall to go for a jog. It was always invigorated and inspired me to take in the history of our country. More than 30 years later, I feel the same way doing it tonight. With all the issues we deal with every day, there is still no other country I’d rather be living in., #BBN, happy to announce I’m going to be releasing a new book, “Players First: Success From the Inside Out,” in the spring of 2014. 
I’ve been approached many times about doing a book, and I almost always say no, but this one kind of hit home. This book gives me the chance to go in-depth about how we do things at Kentucky and why we do what we do. Michael Sokolove, who is doing the book with me, is a New York Times Best Seller. We’ve spent many hours together talking about players first. Looking forward to releasing the book next year. Check out an excerpt and order now at http://thepenguinpress.com/book/players-first-success-from-the-inside-out/#excerpt., Part two of our "Meet the Wildcats" series is on the site. Hope the Big Blue Nation is enjoying these. A good way to introduce our new guys to you. This class has a lot of personality, and they're all good kids., Congratulations to Kathy Emery for winning the sweatsuit we are giving away. Kathy, please check your Facebook messages for confirmation and to claim your prize. If you know Kathy, please let her know she's won. Kathy, you can also post your address below if you can't find the message. -- CoachCal.com staff, I know our critics don't like to hear it, but it's about more than just basketball at Kentucky. It's about academics. It's about preparing our kids for the the next step of their lives. It's called the Success Rate. Proud of Nerlens, Willie, Alex, Archie, Julius and Tod for getting it done in the classroom in their first year., Just worked out our guys. Going to do it again Tuesday before I head out on the road. It's exactly what I needed to get refreshed for another trip., Who out there in the Big Blue Nation wants this sweatsuit from my signature line? We are going to unveil some new items in the coming weeks, so stay tuned for those. For now, we are going to give this one away for free. It's a XXL., UK is now home to the only National Cancer Institute Center in the Bluegrass. Congrats to the Markey Cancer Center on its NCI designation!, Wow!!! Jim Naismith, the grandson of James, stopped by the office today with his wife, Beverly. Honored to meet them. Jim and Pat Host also stooped by., Alright, we've got another auction item for you to bid on, the proceeds of which go to charity. This time we've got a signed picture of Anthony Davis and me with Anthony's gold medal and the championship trophy. The picture is framed and is 14 by 12 inches. You can bid on it at the link below. I think it's the most valuable item yet. Remember, it all goes to the foundation. Great way for the Big Blue Nation to get some cool items while we raise money for charity., Big Blue Nation, let's wish Coach Stoops a happy birthday today. Mark, hope you get to play a lot of Yahtzee at 46., Just got done reading all the letters from Team Focus members. Thanks, guys. Remember body language and "SWIM!", Big Blue Nation, I think you're going to like this one. Starting today and continuing throughout the summer, my website is going to profile our newcomers in our annual "Meet the Wildcat" series. The first one is Dominique, who has added some real toughness to our team. We will let you know when the next one is up next week., Small world. With Vinnie Correale from Brooklyn Bridge in Memphis. His wife, Bridgett, was my guardian angel., With Brad before the game. I'm Italian; I tan easy., Hey, I'm still with the Reds. And how about my Pirates?!?!, With Shawn Kelley. What a great guy. I know he's from Louisville. Still a great guy!, With Joe Girardi and Paul O'Neill before the Yankees game., Good morning, Big Blue Nation.  In NYC for a Yankees game with Brad and some friends. Stopped at St. Pats this morning and lit candles for my friends., Rain may have prevented me from driving the pace car before the race, but still had a great time Saturday. Here's video from my day at the racetrack., #BBN, please keep the LeMaster family in your prayers. Drue, Preston's mother and Jim's wife -- both former players -- passed away last night., Just heard from Digger. Test results show he's cancer free. He wanted to give a big thank you to the Big Blue Nation for their prayers. Great news!, Here it is, Big Blue Nation: my annual recruiting manifesto., Here I go again. You put me on a beach by myself and give me free time to think, you know I’ve got to put something together.
I’m putting together the finishing touches on my annual summer recruiting manifesto and I’ll release it at 2:30 p.m. Stay tuned, #BBN., Disappointed I didn't get to drive the pace car tonight because of the weather but still had a blast. After getting behind the wheel for the test drive, I really, really want to drive the pace car one day. The #BBN blew me away today. Our fans were everywhere. Nothing like the Big Blue Nation. Want to thank Papa John and everyone at the Kentucky Speedway for having me. Hope the race goes great tomorrow., The year officially ended last night with the end of the #NBADraft. Now we move on to next year. Happy for Nerlens and Archie. Now let’s get back to the business of winning big and set a new draft record. The only way that happens is if this talented group has one heartbeat., Congrats to both Nerlens and Archie. Couldn't be prouder of both., My phone died and had I to borrow a cell phone to call DeWayne and say, ‘Hooray for Archie!’ What a great thing and a great pick to Phoenix at 29. That’s now 13 first-rounders in four years and 17 picks overall. Unbelievable!”, As always, very anxious moments at the NBA Draft. I like where Nerlens ended up in Philly. I think it’s a great situation with a young team. I wish he would have been picked earlier but that’s part of the game. Now let’s wait for Archie and see where he goes., With Nerlens' mom, Dorcina, just moments before the NBA Draft., He thought I was Dan Gilbert. He yelled, "Hey, Dan!!!" Made me feel pretty good., This is one of the perks of my job: getting to see a young man and his family's dreams come true., Already at the Barclays Center for tonight's #NBADraft. Proud of and excited for Nerlens and Archie., My good friend George Raveling's birthday is also today. I wonder what part of the world he is in today. Happy birthday, Coach Rave!, #BBN, join me in wishing one of the newest members of our team, Dominique Hawkins, a happy birthday today. Remember to pick up your birthday brownies from Mrs. Cal when we get back, Dominique. Happy birthday!, Big Blue Nation, our friends at Papa John’s asked me to share this great offer with you. You can get 50 percent off any large pizza at regular menu price when you order online at http://bit.ly/1bVrXMC and use promo code ‘SPEC50.’ Sounds like a great deal to take advantage of while you're watching our guys get drafted tonight.  The offer is valid through Sunday., Have you signed up your child for our Dribble Drive, Shooting and Skills Academy? It's our last youth camp of the year. All of the drills taught will be geared exclusively toward the skills needed to succeed in the Dribble Drive Motion Offense. The Academy will focus primarily on the offensive skills that campers can take home and continue using to improve their offensive skill set. The camp is set for Aug. 3., #BBN, Kyle Wiltjer is going to explore other options. I’m disappointed, but I fully support whatever he chooses. Whatever Kyle chooses – and I still hope he ends up back with us – I wish him and his family the best of luck., Let this picture serve as a reminder that while a lot has been done at the Jersey Shore, it's not done yet., As I was leaving Mass this morning, an older woman grabbed me and said, “Do you remember me from two years ago?” I said, "To be honest, I really don't." She said, “You were leaving Mass here two years ago and I wished you luck and shook your hand -- and then you won the national title!” I said, “Well, get over here and shake my hand again and wish me luck!” And she did., At the Jersey Shore with my family near where Sandy hit. It's got a ways to go but it's amazing how much the area has recovered., With Lou Roe, the ultimate warrior for me at UMass, and Bruiser Flint., Congratulations to the New England Basketball Hall of Fame Class of 2013. What a great night for Jack Leaman and all the honorees. Here is the UMass contingent with Rita and Laurie Leaman at last night's event. Lou Roe and Billy Bayno were honored too., With French master pastry chef Delphin Gomes, one of only 50 in the world, after Megan's graduation., Megan graduated from Cambridge School of Culinary Arts with high honors. Proud of my baby girl who's now a "chef.", Stopped by the Abbey of Our Lady of Gethsemani in Bardstown in between camps to say a prayer for Rick Corman and a few friends., Big Blue Nation, join me in wishing Derek Willis a happy birthday. Derek turns 18 today. Happy birthday, Derek!, Less than an hour left to make a bid on a signed, unique piece of the 2012 title floor. Remember, full proceeds go to charity., Honored and thrilled that Mark Simendinger and Kentucky Speedway have invited me to lead the Quaker State 400 in the pace car next Saturday. It’s kind of like walking out in the Final Four and having your team behind you, excited and ready to go. The last time I was part of this event it was incredible. This is a great thing that brings our people together. The state of Kentucky takes great pride in the facility like it does in basketball, like it does in horse racing, like it does in bourbon. The speed of it is what gets everybody hyped and understanding the courage of those drivers. We sit up in the stands and know how fast they are going, yet they have the courage to be inches from each other at that speed and have the vision and wherewithal to say ‘I’m doing this, we’re gonna get this done’. Having a bunch of them that are the best in the world at what they do in one setting like this is going to be unbelievably exciting., This is Almamy Thiero and his 9-year-old son, Amadou, at our Overnight Camp. Almamy played for me at Memphis. This is when I know I’m getting older., Orange Leaf fans, my sister just opened up a store in Florence, S.C., in the Celebration Shoppe strip. If you're in that area, check it out., Big Blue Nation, we're finishing up our Overnight Camp today, but you've still got an opportunity to get your child into one of our camps. The Prasco Pro Camps will take place July 29-Aug. 2. We're going to have several of our former pros back, including Nerlens Noel, Archie Goodwin, Julius Mays, Anthony Davis, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Eric Bledsoe and DeMarcus Cousins. Sign up today!, My dear friend Del Harris' birthday is today. He's a great basketball coach, a Hall of Famer and an even better person. Happy birthday, Del., So about this Wildcat Code … The first rule of the Wildcat Code is: You do not talk about the Wildcat Code. The second rule of the Wildcat Code is: You do not talk about the Wildcat Code. LOL. In all seriousness, I’m not mad at Dominique at all for talking about it. He’s a good kid who is doing well so far. All I can tell you about the Code right now is that it's geared to make these guys earn everything. Nothing is given; everything is earned. The guys get a grade every day, one for academics and another for physical development. The two grades are then added together. We will tell you what they earned later in the summer. Can the #BBN wait until then?, Big Blue Nation, we’ve got another chance for you to win some of my favorite memorabilia. Full proceeds from each auction, including this one, go straight to my foundation, The Calipari Foundation. The next auction item is a unique piece of the 2012 national championship floor. One of just two pieces of its kind, this piece of the 2012 title floor features part of the American ribbon that was painted on the Superdome court in New Orleans. The only other one is in my home office. Of course, the piece will be signed by me with the option to have the rest of our staff sign it as well. We’ll start the bidding at $500 and open it up for three days. The auction will close Thursday at 11:30 a.m. ET. Remember, it’s all going to charity!, Big Blue Nation, now that Dominique spilled the beans, do you want to know what the Wildcat Code is all about?, Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there. Send your Big Blue Nation Dad the most unique Father’s Day gift for under $5: a personalized call from me., Sent this video to the guys today and asked them, "Are you willing to work that hard to make it?", Big Blue Nation, join me in wishing DeWayne Peevy, the best in the business, a happy birthday. DeWayne turned the big 4-0 today., You want to know why players are picking Kentucky? Here's what I think. Their families trust us with their child. They know we're about education and they know we're going to do what we say. They know we have their child's interest on the forefront of our minds. It's players first. Players know they are going to get better on and off the court, and if they work hard and play for their teammates, they can reach their potential and their dreams. Lastly, we're not trying to recruit kids to our style of play. We're recruiting kids to try to do everything we can to make them better. It's more about them being the best player they can be than playing a certain style. All of our players get better, and that's what they're looking for. Bottom line, they know our success rate., Wow, Yahtzee! Coach Stoops and UK football are on fire!, I’m happy for Orlando and this opportunity to lead the Dominican Republic national team. I’m proud of what we were able to accomplish over the past two years, getting this country to the brink of its first-ever Olympic appearance. I’m confident with the experience he has that Orlando will build on the team’s success and take it to new heights., Another requirement to attend one of our camps. Just kidding, of course, but keep them coming, Big Blue Nation!, Big Blue Nation, check out this documentary that Wayne Turner is a part of. Let's help support Wayne and his exciting project. It's all about making the right choices. Check out their website at themissiondocumentary.com and support them at kickstarter.com., Can you guess which school we were at this afternoon for our Satellite Camp? What a view!, I’m extremely proud of what our players continue to do academically. Today’s APR scores are another example of the hard work they put in to succeed both on the court and in the classroom. We’re expecting our APR to jump even higher next year with the academic success and graduations we had this year. The success rate continues to grow stronger., We're making our way around the state on our Satellite Camp Tour. Having a blast, and I think the kids are too. If you haven't attended one, check out what you missed at our Father/Son Camp this weekend., Our satellite camp tour kicked off today from North Laurel High School. Here's another requirement to attend one of our camps., No surprise, Terrence Jones stills get swarmed when he's here. The campers loved him., The highlight of today's Father/Son Camp was seeing Rod put his boys Tai and Terell through a workout so the dads could watch how he's teaching his sons., Look who showed up to camp today., This is a requirement to attend one of our camps. You must have Nike shaved in the back of your head. LOL., The basketball world lost one of its great ambassadors in Charlie Coles today. As a player, coach, mentor and teacher, no one was better than Charlie. He was a true, compassionate competitor who will be missed., Excited to announce we are going to hold the inaugural Dribble Drive, Shooting and Skills Academy on Aug. 3 at the Joe Craft Center. This camp is going to be geared exclusively toward the skills needed to succeed in the Dribble Drive Motion Offense. The Academy will focus primarily on the offensive skills that campers can take home and continue using to improve their offensive skill set. It's open to boys and girls, kindergarten through 12th grade. Sign up now, as the spots will be limited., One of my high school teammates, Dr. Paul Nussbaum, stopped by today. Great family. He dropped off his book, "Save Your Brain," which I will read over the next couple of weeks., Talked to Digger today. He's getting better. Big Blue Nation, keep those prayers coming. He's appreciated the texts., Matthew Bradford stopped by the office today. Not only is he one of our heroes, I'm proud to call him a friend. Every time I see Matt, I'm absolutely amazed at his positive outlook on his life and his family's life., Had a great time at the Iba Awards last night. Honored they chose me to be the keynote speaker. Here are a few more photos from last night., Went to Brooklyn for the funeral of Dakari's grandfather, Jitu Weusi, an activist and educator who moved people forward and made a difference. Now I'm at the Henry Iba awards. I'll send along a few pictures from tonight. The first one is with Eddie Sutton., At the Junior Achievement Bluegrass Business Hall of Fame banquet with Elmer K. Whitaker and Nick Nicholson. Honored to be a part of it., We're halfway to a sellout for our annual Basketball Fantasy Experience (Sept. 7-9). This is your chance to live the life of a UK basketball player., Added a few motivational speeches to our Coaching Drills page. Hope the Big Blue Nation and coaching community has enjoyed the concept. It's all about growing our game and helping raise funds for charity., We are less than two weeks away from the start of our Satellite Camps. If you haven't signed up yet, now is the time!, I hear Eloy Vargas played great in the Dominican league. Averaged more than 20 points and 12 rebounds and named semifinals MVP!, Hope everyone has enjoyed the day off with family and friends, but let's all take a moment to remember what Memorial Day is all about., Join me in wishing Ramon Harris a happy birthday today. Happy birthday, Ramon!, Please join me and pray for Patrick Patterson and his grandfather, who had open heart surgery yesterday., With Julius after his great workout at today's combine. Proud of you, kid., Having a sandwich and see this. Now I see how I aged in the last four years!! Bill Parcells aged too!, Just got done watching Julius Mays at the Nets' combine. Julius played really well -- and he played point guard! Julius had 18 points and six assists in just two 12-minute quarters. He played so well that people are probably wondering why I didn't play him at point guard. Couldn't be more proud of Julius., Congrats and thank you to Mike Krzyzewski for continuing to lead USA Basketball. It's a lot of work and sacrifice. Great leadership continues!, Great piece on Nerlens. Proud of how hard he is working to get back on the court. He's ahead of schedule., I heard Nerlens was 206 pounds at the Combine. Two things: One, sounds like a smart kid since he's coming back from a knee injury. Two, he may not win a World's Strongest Man competition, but if I'm picking a basketball team, he's my No. 1 pick., Last day to bid on the signed, custom-made surfboards. Both auction close at 11:30 a.m. Here's the link to the UK one http://www.ebay.com/itm/261216493366 and here's the one from the 2010 Maui Invitational http://www.ebay.com/itm/261216490947. Remember, all proceeds go to charity., The Calipari Foundation will be donating $10,000 to the American Red Cross for the victims and families affected by this horrendous tornado in Oklahoma. I'm sure the Big Blue Nation will continue to step up and help too like they always do. Text “REDCROSS” to 90999 for a $10 donation to help the tornado victims in Oklahoma., Only one day left to place a bid on one of two signed surfboards I'm auctioning off. The first one is a custom UK board, which you can bid on at http://www.ebay.com/itm/261216493366. The other is a surfboard we were given from the 2010 Maui Invitational, which you can place a bid at http://www.ebay.com/itm/261216490947. All proceeds go to charity., Congrats to Rachel Lawson and our softball team for the big win today. On to Super Regionals!, Go Big Blue! Big Blue Nation, let's all pull for UK softball, who is now playing for the NCAA regional championship., Hanging out with Coach Stoops at the home of Joe and Jennifer Palumbo earlier today., Congrats to UK softball on winning the opening game in the NCAA Regionals., Big Blue Nation, I'm going to auction off an item or two of some of my favorite memorabilia every month starting today. This month's auctions are two separate surfboards, a custom made UK one and one from the 2010 Maui Invitational. You can bid on the Maui Invitational board at http://www.ebay.com/itm/261216490947 and the UK one at http://www.ebay.com/itm/261216493366. Full proceeds from the auctions will go to my foundation, The Calipari Foundation. What do you think, BBN?, Check out video from Coach Cal at an offseason news conference today in which he talked about everything from each scholarship player to next year's expectations, what he learned from last season, academics, rule changes and more. -- CoachCal.com staff, We've got a new section on our Coaching Drills page -- coaching tips that are beneficial for players and coaches. Check them out at the link below. Remember, all proceeds go back to the foundation., Our student-athletes continue to give 110% in the classroom, competition and in the community representing the University of Kentucky in a first-class manner. You can make a difference today for our student-athletes. Learn more about how you can Invest In Blue at www.KFundonline.com, I talked last week about our 100-percent success rate. How about this, Big Blue Nation? We posted a 3.4 GPA for the spring semester. Twelve of our 13 guys had a 3.0 or better and two had a 4.0. I’m proud of the hard work our guys have put in both on and off the court. When you come to Kentucky, you are either going pro or getting a degree -- or both. We call it the success rate, and right now we’re batting 100 percent. When you run a players-first program, it’s not just about loving to play basketball; it’s about teaching our kids the love of learning., I went and watched “42” today with Ellen and Brad. It’s a movie my team needs to see when the guys get back. I want my players to watch it and understand the opportunities that they have today because of what Jackie Robinson and others went through. Jackie is a true hero. To be able do what he did, withstand everything that was thrown at him and do it with grace, it’s heroic. I believe that not only should we be honoring Jackie in baseball, I think we should be honoring him in every sport. To see people like Branch Rickey, Pee Wee Reese, Ralph Branca and Eddie Stanky show the courage to stand up for what was right made me feel good. If we lived during that time, let’s hope we would have had the character to do what’s right as well., I hope all the mothers of our current players, former players and every mother in the Big Blue Nation is having a great day on this special Mother’s Day., Make you mom feel special today. I’ll give her a personal call from YOUR PHONE so she knows you’re thinking about her. You can also download the app on itunes at http://bit.ly/Yz6nWq  or the Google Play store at http://bit.ly/16k5JFM. Also, remember that moms get 50 percent off today at Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt Kentucky., Big Blue Nation, just found out from our friends at Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt Kentucky that mothers will get 50 percent off froyo on Mother’s Day this Sunday. Also, 10 lucky moms that are in the Coach Cal Mobile Network will get a special treat on Mother’s Day. Text CAL to 78601 to join., I'm trying to get the ultimate sportsman and sports fan President Clinton to come to our Fantasy Experience on Sept. 7-9. Let me make this clear: I don’t know if President Clinton can come, but he has been invited and I’m hoping he can come if his schedule is open. If he comes, he HAS to bring his 2012 national championship ring with him. What are the chances I can pull this off, Big Blue Nation? You are probably betting against me, but you won’t be the first ones to. When I asked my son where he thought Julius Randle would go, he didn’t think we would get him. I said, "You’re betting against your dad?", We just added five new drills to our Breakdown series that you can download, watch and learn at the link below. The drills include our Laker Drill, Skip 21 and more. A couple of them also feature our 2012 national title team running them. Next week we are going to add some coaching secrets I have for players along with some motivational stuff. Hope the Big Blue Nation is enjoying these. The great thing about these is we get to share what we're doing here with the basketball community while helping our foundation., Got a little bogged down yesterday and didn't get a chance to wish Jarrod Polson a happy birthday. It's also Jon Hood's birthday today. Big Blue Nation, let's wish both of them a happy one. Between graduation and the birthday, it's been a big week for them. To Jarrod and Jon, Mrs. Cal will have your birthday brownies for you when you get back in town., We're getting close to filling up at a few of our Satellite Camp stops as we get closer to the start of the tour. Sign up now before it's too late! Sign-up information, camp dates and locations can all be found at the link below., Happy birthday to my good friend Sarah Healy. She has been a big part of our program. I hope you had a great day., A shout out to Cris Carter. Want to congratulate him on making the Hall of Fame and announce he'll be attending our Fantasy Experience this year. Sign up now for the Fantasy Experience at johncaliparibasketballexperience.com. Limited spots are available. It's taking place Sept. 7-9 this year., Stopped by the lodge with Brad to see Nerlens off before he heads to Birmingham to finish his rehab. I almost teared up after seeing the story of Nerlens hanging out and taking Kelly to the Derby this weekend. He's a special kid with a big heart., We've got another special birthday today. Let's wish our former president Dr. Lee T. Todd, Jr. a happy one. I can't thank Dr. Todd and Mitch Barnhart enough for bringing me here four years ago. Happy birthday, Dr. Todd!, Big Blue Nation, join me in wishing Chris Woolard a happy birthday. Chris has been an invaluable asset to our staff the last two years as our associate athletics director for basketball operations. Happy birthday, Chris!, Yes, our kids wore hand-me-downs when they were younger. You should have seen Brad in this outfit!, Congratulations to our 2013 graduates, Twany Beckham, Jon Hood, Jarrod Polson, Marquis Estill, Mark Evans, Brett Miller and Will Barton (graduated in December), as well as all graduates from UK and across the country. As you take the next step to the rest of your life, know that you are taking the first step in leading others. You are taking the first step in finding joy, but you will realize that finding happiness is doing what you love through servant leadership. Share your gift with the rest of the world., Want to wish a special happy birthday to my longtime personal assistant, Lunetha Pryor. Ellen and I are so appreciative of all that she’s done for us over the years. I can't believe how many years she's been by our side. Don't know what we would do without her. Happy birthday, Lunetha!, Happy birthday to our longtime video coordinator, Tim Asher, and also DeWayne Peevy's son, Braden, turns 6 today., Big Blue Nation, coaches and players across the country, you can now watch and learn the drills we teach in practice at the link below., Historic day for the SEC! Honored to be a part of it and the new SEC Network., We just put out our 2013-14 nonconference schedule. What does the Big Blue Nation think?, Our nonconference schedule should be out shortly. I imagine our fans will be happy when they see the teams we're playing. It's once again an elite schedule, but that's the standard here. It looks like we'll play several top teams. Make sure you're following @KentuckyMBB on Twitter at 4 p.m. when we release the nonconference schedule., Have you signed up your child for one of our Pro Camps yet? We've got Nerlens Noel, Archie Goodwin, Julius Mays, Anthony Davis, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Eric Bledsoe and DeMarcus Cousins helping us this year. Camp dates are  July 29-30 and July 31-Aug. 1., Yesterday I talked about how proud I am of what we do academically. My point was this: You either become a pro or you get your degree when you come to UK, or you go pro AND get your degree. Not a bad deal. That's the standard we've set., Eating at Malone's on Tates Creek tonight in honor of my friend Ron Rager with Bluegrass Hospitality Group. Ron passed away Sunday., I got in an argument with Shammond Williams, who told me we played UNC in the Meadowlands during the 1995-96 season. I said he was wrong. When I looked at the nonconference schedule, I was blown away by who we played. How crazy was I? Look at the teams. That picture doesn't include three of our other nonconference games later in the year at Pittsburgh, at Virginia Tech and at Louisville. Oh, by the way, Shammond was wrong. We played them the next year., While I was on the road recruiting last week, I realized kids and their families are looking at us just as much as we are looking at them. I realize they look at how many players we send to the NBA, our national title and an average of 30-plus wins over the last four years. But why don't more people talk about our academics? Why don't they talk about the fact that we have graduated all 10 players who have been eligible to graduate by the end of their senior years, or our 3.0 GPA over the last three years? I'm proud of our accomplishments on the court, but I'm just as proud of the academic story no one tells. Allow me to., Sad to hear we lost a good friend in Ron Rager, the director of operations at Bluegrass Hospitality Group, yesterday from cancer. He was so good to my family. There are people that you come in contact with that touch the lives of others and that was Ron. Our prayers are with his family and friends., Talked to a high school AD who said he's watched all my teams. What he came away with is body language always screams; it never whispers. Wow!, Big Blue Nation, what did you think about the coaching drills we made available yesterday for you to download? You can check them out at http://www.coachcal.com/john-caliparis-coaching-drills/. Also, make sure you sign up for our annual Satellite Camps. We're a month and a half away from the start of the tour. Dates and locations are at the link below., We’re trying something different again, something I think will help players and coaches around the country while helping my foundation. We are unveiling an online store of coaching drills that we put our players through that you can now access at www.coachcal.com/john-caliparis-coaching-drills/. We talk about being different and transparent, and I believe this is another one of those things. These coaching drills are another way that we can show everyone what we’re teaching and how we’re teaching. hey are available to players, coaches, fans and whoever else wants them. The great thing with this is all the revenue is going straight to the foundation to be used for projects that the foundation is investing in., Congratulations to Twany Beckham, Brian Long, Sam Malone, Jarrod Polson and Kyle Wiltjer for making the SEC Academic Honor Roll. Proud of you guys., Join me in wishing Ryan Harrow a happy birthday today. Mrs. Cal's brownies are already in the office., We are excited to return to the Barclays Center next year to play Providence. Last year's game against Maryland was an NCAA Tournament environment in November. It's a great event, a great building and a great city. We're looking forward to being back in Brooklyn., Really excited to let the Big Blue Nation know that Julius Randle, Dakari Johnson and Dominique Hawkins have officially joined our five fall signees. The thing I like most about this group is its competitive spirit and its will to win. These guys are All-Americans and award winners, but more importantly they’re world champions, national champions and state champions. They know what it takes to win. The size and talent of the group will allow us to have tough, hard-nosed practices which will carry over to the games. I’m excited for the opportunity to coach this group., Happy to announce that Nerlens Noel, Archie Goodwin, Julius Mays, Anthony Davis, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Eric Bledsoe and DeMarcus Cousins will be joining us for this year's Prasco Pro Camps. We will have two Pro Camps again this year. Pro Camp I will take place July 29-30 and Pro Camp II will be held July 31-Aug. 1. Sign up now before they sell out., Big Blue Nation, join me in wishing Coach Robic's daughter, Hayley, a happy 21st birthday., Excited to announce that registration for our Fantasy Basketball Experience, which will take place Sept. 7-9 and is open to participants 35 years and older, is now open. Spots are limited, and I know a bunch of last year’s participants are coming back, so sign up now at johncaliparibasketballexperience.com. Citi Card members receive a discounted rate., Congratulations to A'dia Mathies on getting drafted by the Los Angeles Sparks last night. Also, make sure you check out the UK-Louisville baseball game tonight at Cliff Hagan Stadium at 6:30. I hear Coach Stoops is going to throw out the first pitch., I support Nerlens’ decision to enter his name in the draft and am excited for him and his future. The hard work and will to win he showed on the floor this year and the dedication and attitude he has shown in his rehab will only be a reward for him and whatever team drafts him in June., Happy birthday to Nerlens Noel! Nerlens, since Mrs. Cal isn't in town today, we'll get you those birthday brownies when we get back., As we turn our attention to next year, I’m also trying to catch up on some reading that I’ve missed during last year’s very busy season. I’m trying to get through a handful of books over the next couple of weeks. Check them out on my book club and keep sending those great suggestions in., We've locked in all of our locations for the 2013 Satellite Camps. Check out where we're headed this year and sign up now. Spots are filling up quickly., Congrats to Louisville. They had a wonderful year from start to finish which is really difficult to do. For us, next season begins today., Wanted to share three great messages Coach Dick Bennett had when he was honored with the Coach Wooden "Keys to Life" Award yesterday: 1.) Coach Bennett said you can feel phony; just don’t be phony. 2.) He taught his team servant leadership before all else. 3.) Coach Bennett said when he changed his prayer life from “if you will” to “I will even though,” he felt liberated. Now I know why I’ve always liked and respected his son, Tony, who is the head coach at Virginia., Congratulations to everyone in the 2013 Naismith Hall of Fame class. Coach, player or contributor, they have all been tremendous ambassadors for our game., Thoughts and prayers are with Marty Blake and his family. Marty passed away yesterday. He was a good man, a good friend and a soldier for basketball. He will be missed., With Manny Ohonme and family at the Final Four. Happy to be involved with an organization like Samaritan's Feet., Congratulations to Matt Day and Sharon Lynn Sharp for winning today's giveaway. Matt, Sharon, please check your Facebook messages and reply for confirmation or just post your address below so we can ship your prize. Stay tuned for Coach Cal's next giveaway. -- CoachCal.com staff, Proud of two of my boys! Doron Lamb had eight points and was 2 for 2 from 3. Terrence Jones put up 14 points and 12 boards. Both have the talent to be special., Who wants one of my signed passes to last week's Hornets-Clippers game when I went to see my sons Anthony Davis, Darius Miller and Eric Bledsoe? I'll announce two winners later this afternoon., If there are no cranes on campus there is no progress. There are plenty of signs of progress around our campus., Pleased to announce that our Prasco Pro Camps will be held July 29-30 and July 31-Aug. 1 this year. Both of the Pro Camps are open to both boys and girls of the appropriate age/grade level. We'll announce the Wildcat pros at a later date. Sign up now before spots fills up., I’m really happy that, after talking with his family and evaluating his options, Alex has decided to return for his sophomore season. Alex is a great kid with a lot of potential and I’m excited to be able to work with him next year. I believe we have only scratched the surface with Alex, and another season in college will get him closer to reaching his dreams., Great seeing Michael Eaves in the Joe Craft Center today. Brings back memories from my Memphis days., With Jaime Maggio in my office. Where did we work together before?, Dan Issel, the best scorer in school history, not to mention a good man and good friend of the program, stopped by today. How about Dan's new Maker's Mark bottle? Good luck signing all those, Dan!, Congrats to all of this year's 2013 Hall of Fame class, especially George Raveling and Gene Keady, two of my favorites. Well-deserved!, We have so many things to be thankful for. For me personally, this year was a learning, growing, humbling experience, but I am still so grateful for all the good things that happened to our program, our state, our university, and to me and my family. When you think about it, it was one year ago today that we were cutting down the nets. It’s still hard for me to believe that I’m the head coach at the University of Kentucky., Just finished "Killing Kennedy: The End of Camelot" by Bill O'Reilly and Martin Dugard. Right now I'm reading "Nine Words" by Allen R. Hurt, which will change your life. I've also got about 30 pages left of "Grey Wolf: The Escape of Adolf Hitler" by Simon Dunstan. You'll like that one if you're into World War II or conspiracy theories. Any new book recommendations, Big Blue Nation?, Big Blue Nation, join me in wishing Brian Long a happy birthday. Brian, the brownies are on their way to the Craft Center now., Good luck to Coach Mitchell and our women's team tonight. Love how Matthew's team has a ball playing. They are on ESPN in a few minutes., I’m excited that Willie and Kyle have decided to return for next season. When we talk about a players-first program, our goal is for each player to reach his dreams. Willie and Kyle believe it is in their best interest to return to Kentucky next season to achieve those dreams, and I fully support their decisions. Although I really wanted Archie to return for his sophomore season, I fully support him choosing to pursue his dreams. He has the drive and desire to be great and I will continue to do everything I can to make sure he succeeds in life both on and off the court. I believe, with another year of hard work and competition, they all can take their games to the next level. I look forward to seeing them all grow into young men., I went to mass this morning and said a blessing for Kevin Ware. I hope the Big Blue Nation joins me in praying for the kid. We recruited many of those players and they're all good kids. They worked hard and deserve to be where they are. Let's wish them well., Given the health of his dad, we fully support Ryan’s decision to transfer to Georgia State to be closer to his family in Atlanta. Ryan was a vital part of this year’s team and an important player in practice during our 2011-12 national championship run. I want to thank Ryan for his efforts and hard work and wish him the best of luck at Georgia State. I know the Big Blue Nation will keep a close eye on him and wish him well as he continues his basketball career and his pursuit of a college degree., Big Blue Nation, be sure to tune in to watch Matthew Mitchell and our women's team in the NCAA Sweet 16 on ESPN at noon ET., Happy to announce the dates and locations for our 2013 Satellite Camps. Sign up fast before spots fill up., With Frank Buffano, UK football's director of operations, at UK football practice., Big Blue Nation, our friends at Papa John's Pizza have a great offer they asked me to send your way. Use promo code HOOPS when you place an online order of $11 or more by Monday, April 8 and your next pizza is FREE! Go to www.papajohns.com/hoops for details., Great seeing Darius Miller, Anthony Davis and Eric Bledsoe all in New Orleans tonight. It never gets old seeing your kids grow up., My favorite pic of my kids.  Where and when was it taken?  Betcha, Brad doesn't know., Big Blue Nation, how about both John Wall and Darius Miller posting career highs in wins last night in the NBA. So proud of all our guys., My first time in a smart car!, Amazing who you run into at games!  My good friend Irv Gotti., Big Blue Nation, join me in wishing Darius Miller a very happy birthday!, With Kobayashi, world-class eating champion, at Carnegie Deli. Found an Orange Leaf in NYC afterwards. Guess what they had? Yup, Red Velvet Cake., On the road recruitng today. Already on my second stop. About to go by St. Patrick’s for Mass. Hoping to grab some red velvet cake after., When I heard we couldn't host the first round of the NIT, I decided to accept the bid knowing we could host in the second round. I'm not disappointed we have to start on the road because this team needs to prove it wants to continue to play before our fans pay for tickets. If we had to play on the road, I'm glad it was Robert Morris because I knew what it would do for the program., I’m really disappointed we didn’t make the NCAA Tournament but we are going to use this time to make us better. We had our chances, but I’m not going to stop. It’s a great lesson for the future of our program and a humbling experience for me as a coach. To the Big Blue Nation, you did your part all season long. You showed up in droves and helped us pull through key games. We didn’t do our part. Even now, I’m going to coach these guys, try to make them better and give everything I can to make sure we control our destiny in the future., Big Blue Nation, you never cease to surprise me. Blue is everywhere in Nashville. We are going to need you tonight. Be loud and be proud. If you aren't here, you can catch us on the SEC Network at 7:30 p.m. ET., Big Blue Nation, join me in wishing Patrick Patterson a happy birthday. Proud of what you are doing this year, Patrick. Keep it up!, In the final Mailbag of the regular season, Coach Cal talks about what he would ask Coach Rupp if he was still alive today. -- CoachCal.com staff, Big Blue Nation, our friends at Papa John's Pizza have passed along a great deal for us while you are watching the SEC Tournament this week. They are offering 50 percent off a regular menu price pizza when you order online at http://bit.ly/YwKhUB and use the promo code 50PIZZA. The offer is valid through March 19., Got a call from Nerlens yesterday and put it on speakerphone so he could talk to the team. The surgery went well and he's doing fine. It was great for his teammates to hear from him after surgery and I think it helped Nerlens too. I can't wait to see him back on the court., Congratulations to Nerlens, Kyle and all of our SEC award winners. All of our guys have improved individually as the season has worn on., Just so we're clear, it is PLAYERS first, not player first., Big Blue Nation, let's all wish Anthony Davis a happy birthday. Can you believe he is just 20 years old? Love you, kid. Proud of you!, Heard the Big East had 11 teams in the top 100 RPI. SEC, Big Ten and Pac 12 were next with nine. ACC had seven and Big 12 had six. Wins don't come easy., I don't like conference tourneys, but after being at UK, I understand its importance to the Big Blue Nation and the sacrifices the fans make to travel each year., I knew there was good luck in the house today. Glad Anthony's dad could be here for our win., I can't say enough about what our fans gave us today. They pulled this young team across the finish line. Big Blue Nation, you stepped up again!, We are on CBS today at noon. Remember, at the eight-minute timeout in the second half, stand up and cheer until the final horn. Let's get Rupp rockin' like it's never been before and pull this team through to the finish line. Let's fight together!, Headed into a short film session and walk-through tonight and I keep thinking about how important the Big Blue Nation is to our success. We need everything you have on Saturday at Rupp to help pull us across the finish line, so I have a challenge for the Big Blue Nation for tomorrow's game. At the eight-minute timeout in the second half, let's commit to standing up and cheering until the final horn. It won't be easy but we need you! Let's get Rupp rockin' like it's never been before and pull this team through to the finish line. Let's fight together!, With two Hall of Famers, Adrian "Odie" Smith and Vito Montelli, after today's practice., Tonight's game will be broadcast nationally on ESPN. You can also watch a live stream on ESPN3.com in the western part of the U.S. To see if ESPN3.com is carrying the game in your area, head to http://espn.go.com/watchespn/blackout?id=832136. -- CoachCal.com staff, So glad Gen. Tonini and the Kentucky National Guard could come by practice today., Congratulations to Coach Mitchell on becoming the winningest coach in UK women's basketball history with 139 victories., We're at Arkansas today at 4 p.m. ET on CBS. Hope to see some blue shirts in the crowd., We've had so many campers over the last few years that we've decided to have two Father/Son Camps this year. The first one will be held June 7-8. The second session will be the following Friday and Saturday, June 14-15. Sign up now before the spots fill up!, Here's one of the episodes we shot for the Mailbag from questions the Big Blue Nation submitted earlier in the week. We will have another one next week., So happy that just about all of the '96 team was able to come back and receive rings last night. The way that team sacrificed for each other was incredible. It's a bunch of great guys who still meet and talk to each other today. They never changed who they are, and I'm just glad we could honor their achievement even if they did knock my UMass team out of the Final Four that year., Tonight's game will be broadcast by the SEC Network. Check for an affiliate in your area at http://www.coachcal.com/21062/2013/02/tv-clearance-list-for-uk-mississippi-state/. There will also be a live stream online at espn3.com if your city or cable provider doesn't carry tonight's game. -- CoachCal.com staff, Excited to announce that our Overnight Camp this year will be June 16-19. Spots will fill up fast, so sign up today., I'm really proud of what my team has overcome so far this year. I'm really proud of how much we have improved individually and as a team, and I'm excited about how much room we have to grow. We can still improve in every area. To our fans, I want you to know you are helping us more than you know. Can't wait to see you tomorrow., Tomorrow's the final day of regional voting for the Infiniti Coaches' Charity Challenge. We have a lot of ground to make up if we are going to catch Frank Haith and make it to the next round. Remember, Big Blue Nation, if we win, the money will serve as seed money for my foundation's summer project to retrofit homes of ailing children and kids with disabilities. Vote at espn.com/infiniti ., Thanks again to everyone who helped with Dance Blue last weekend. You made a big difference in a lot of lives., We hope to shoot our final few Mailbag episodes for the regular season this week. If you have any questions for Coach, please post them in the comments section below and he could answer it on the next episode. -- CoachCal.com staff, Happy birthday to Phil Knight. I want to thank him for what he's done for college athletics along with me and my family personally. Happy birthday, Phil., Wow, the Big Blue Nation was unbelievable tonight. This was as good of a crowd and as impactful of a crowd as I've ever coached in before. We need that the next game and the next game. Our team feeds off your energy. Thanks for your support., We're on ESPN tonight at 9. We need you to be loud tonight, Big Blue Nation., Thanks to everyone who came out to GameDay this morning. You once again showed why you are the best fans in the country. We are going to need you again tonight, Big Blue Nation. Be loud and be proud., Just visited DanceBlue. It warms my heart to see kids trying to raise nearly a million dollars for children. Few things that mean more than coming together for a worthy cause. Keep up the great work., Wow, thanks so much to Orange Leaf for helping out. When you show proof that you voted in the Infiniti Coaches' Charity Challenge, you'll get 50 percent off your froyo this weekend. Help us retrofit homes for ailing kids and children with disabilities. , Congratulations to Misty Messer Nate-Logan, Velva Pennington Barker, Joey Wright and Greg Sams for winning today's giveaway. If you are on of those four, please check your Facebook inbox for a confirmation message from Eric Lindsey or just post your address below. If you're one of their friends, let them know they've won. Keep an eye out for the next giveaway. -- CoachCal.com staff, Cleaning off the desk today. Have a few signed items from the National Prayer Breakfast and John Wall's Washington Wizards game that I attended last week. We will announce four winners later today just for being a fan of my page. Keep a look out for your name once we announce them., Loved the effort and confidence from our kids tonight. They were having fun. We tried to lighten the mood last night at shoot-around by surprising them with some dodgeball. We are going to play wiffle ball Friday., Tonight's UK-Vandy game will be televised by the SEC Network. You can find a list of affiliates at http://www.coachcal.com/20797/2013/02/sec-network-affiliates-for-uk-vandy/. Tip is set for 8 p.m. -- CoachCal.com staff, Tonight's UK-Vandy game will be televised by the SEC Network. You can find a list of affiliates at http://www.coachcal.com/20797/2013/02/sec-network-affiliates-for-uk-vandy/. Tip is set for 8 p.m. -- CoachCal.com staff, Big Blue Nation, join me in wishing Coach Antigua a happy birthday. Orlando turns the big 4-0 today. Happy birthday, O! Hope you enjoyed the b-day lunch. Thanks to Jimmy and everyone at Rafferty's for providing it. Fantastic lunch as always., We're running low on time to win the Charity Challenge. Go vote at http://espn.com/infiniti  and help us retrofit homes of ailing children and kids with disabilities. We can't win without your help. Come on, Big Blue Nation, help me move this mountain., Wanted to pass along our latest episode of the Mailbag. Thanks again for all of your questions. We will be looking for more next week., Looks like the Big Blue Nation has already set a season high for College GameDay attendance with 13,000 tickets. Can we make it 15,000?, Happy birthday to my baby girl Erin. I'm so proud of you and I love you. Have a happy birthday!, Had a surprise visitor to the office tonight. Anthony Davis stopped by while I was watching film., I’m not hiding under the covers today. I’m not changing my routine. While we are on the road recruiting today, the staff and I are breaking down film to try to figure out how to get this team right. I believe in this team and I believe in its fight., It's game day! They say blue always gets in, so how many from the Big Blue Nation will be in Knoxville today? Be loud and proud. If you couldn't make it today, we are on CBS at 1 p.m. Go Big Blue!, Big Blue Nation, let's all wish Tod Lanter a happy birthday. Tod picked up his brownies before we took off for Knoxville., I'm not one to praise newspapers, but this is one of the nicest gestures I've ever seen. P.S. I do buy the  @USATODAY, What happened to Nerlens raises a couple of issues that I think we should all be talking about more., Let me thank all the coaches who called to pass on their concerns and kind words for Nerlens. Thank you, it means a lot., If you haven't been voting, now is the time to do it. Go to espn.com/infiniti and log your vote today. We are falling behind with less than two weeks to go in the regional voting. I really need the Big Blue Nation's help so that we earn $100,000 that will go towards retrofitting homes of ailing children and kids with disabilities., I’ve been coaching for 22 years and this is the first injury we’ve had of this kind during the season, which makes it even more devastating. I met with Nerlens earlier today. The meeting was really positive, and I loved his attitude. The way he is already dealing with this injury lets me know that he is going to come back stronger than ever. The good news is he is insured, so he would have been fine even if the injury would have been worse. Obviously this is not a career-ending injury and it’s one that athletes bounce back from all the time., Nerlens Noel has been ruled out for the remainder of the season with a torn ACL in his left knee, which he suffered in Tuesday night's game against Florida. According to the UK medical staff, surgery should be expected in the next two to three weeks. The normal timetable for recovery is estimated at six to eight months. -- CoachCal.com staff, Nerlens Noel's X-rays were negative last night. He is scheduled to undergo an MRI this morning. -- CoachCal.com staff, Nerlens Noel underwent further tests at Shands Hospital at the University of Florida. He will fly back to Lexington with the team. -- CoachCal.com staff, Just got to the arena. Thanks to everyone who came out and greeted us as we left the hotel. We are on ESPN at 7 p.m., Big Blue Nation join me in wishing Josh Harrellson a happy birthday. Happy birthday, Josh!, In a fun mood today after our shoot-around so I think I'm going to set up a Valentine's Day call for my wife from Celeb Calls so I don't forget on the big day Thursday. You can do the same at celebcalls.com., Congratulations to Nerlens for winning SEC Freshman of the Week again. As his energy level has risen, so has his play., Have you voted today at espn.com/infiniti? We're still in second in our region and only have two weeks left of voting in the region. Help us win $100k and retrofit homes of ailing children and kids with disabilities. You can vote once a day, every day., Had my birthday breakfast with my friend Rick Corman at Waffle House. What's better than that?!, The guys got me a birthday cake. Can you imagine? It's red velvet. You know how much I love red velvet cake., Big Blue Nation, thank you for all the birthday wishes and thanks again to the eRUPPtion Zone for the song during the game vs. Auburn. What I would really love to have for my birthday is an answer to the question, what is my true purpose in life? I'm not just talking about basketball but life in general. What is my true purpose? Is there more I should be doing with my family, in this community or the people I have come in contact with? That would be a great gift. Thanks., So glad John Boehner and his wife, Debbie, made it to today's game., With some of the Rupp Arena staff after the game. Thanks for making it the best arena in college basketball., Our game at 4 p.m. will be televised on the SEC Network today. You can also catch a live stream of the game online at ESPN3.com. Always tough playing Tony., Sorry it's taken a little bit, but we finally shot new episodes of the Mailbag where I answer questions from you. In the latest one, I answer why I won't let Archie shoot layups in practice, whether or not this has been my hardest coaching year to get guys to buy in and an update on Twany. We will have another one next week., Congratulations to Eric Bledsoe, Brandon Knight, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Anthony Davis and Terrence Jones for getting to be a part of All-Star weekend. Proud of all of you. Also, congrats to Rajon Rondo for making the All-Star game. Wish we could see him out there next weekend. Hope he makes a speedy recovery., Big Blue Nation, I hear they are opening up an Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt Kentucky store in Somerset today. If you live in Somerset, make sure you check them out. They open at 3 p.m. Also, the folks at Orange Leaf are giving away $100 of froyo for every 100 Facebook likes., Really enjoyed seeing John Wall back on the court tonight in person. He was really aggressive and tough. He really used his speed for his teammates. He finished with 21 points and nine assists in a win. Also had a chance to spend time with Marcus Camby prior to the game. Great to see one of my old ones and one of my young ones. I'll be at the National Prayer Breakfast in D.C. tomorrow as Congressman Hal Rogers' guest. I’ll make sure to say a blessing for the Big Blue Nation., Have you voted today? We are closing the gap but still trail. Go to espn.com/infiniti and cast your vote for my foundation. We are going to start a program with Kentucky Children's Hospital this summer to help retrofit homes of ailing children and kids with disabilities to fit their needs. If we can win this charity challenge, the money will go straight to the project. I need your help, Big Blue Nation., Looks like Coach Stoops and UK football are off to a great start on signing day. Alson, #BBNunited legislation was filed yesterday! Call 1-800-372-7181 to leave a message for your representative to support House Bill 7., Reminder to everyone, tonight's game is set to air at 9 p.m. ET on ESPNU., We didn't get around to taping some Mailbag episodes last week, but I promise we will get to them this week after our game on Tuesday. If you didn't get a chance to submit a question last week, post one in the comments section below. And if you sent one last week, don't worry, my staff has it., Big Blue Nation, join me in praying for Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, who was injured tonight in his game at Houston. Just saw that his mom tweeted that he is going to be OK., Today's game vs. Texas A&M will be televised nationally on ESPN at 6 p.m. ET. Live blog link is below. -- CoachCal.com staff, Have you voted today? Go to espn.com/infiniti and cast your vote for my foundation. We are going to start a program with Kentucky Children's Hospital this summer to help retrofit homes of ailing children and kids with disabilities to fit their needs. If we can win this charity challenge, the money will go straight to the project. I need your help, Big Blue Nation., I love seeing our kids grow up. I'm so proud of DeAndre for what he's accomplished & what his future holds., Happy birthday to my father, a man who sacrificed for his family and worked to get three kids through college. His proudest moment was taking care of my mother her last eight months. Happy birthday, dad., Help us win $10k toward the general scholarship fund and title of Naismith Student Section of the Year by voting every day at http://bit.ly/U8HHWd., Big Blue Nation, just wanted to remind you that tomorrow is the last day to join our friends at Papa John's and vote "heads" or "tails" with Papa John's Super Bowl XLVII Coin Toss Experience. Make the right call and get a FREE PIZZA from Papa John's.  Go to http://bit.ly/VacnVt and you'll get 50 percent off any large pizza just for voting. Voting ends tomorrow., A little over a day left to bid on our "Coaches vs. Cancer" package. All proceeds go to the American Cancer Society. The package includes the signed sneakers I wore last week for the "Coaches vs. Cancer" game, a signed piece of the 2012 national title floor and two lower-level tickets to the Mississippi State game at Rupp Arena., Big Blue Nation, I've asked a lot from you over the years, but I need you to help me move another mountain. I need you to go to espn.com/infiniti, register once and then vote ever day to help my foundation win $100,000. With it, we are going to start a program with Kentucky Children's Hospital this summer to help retrofit homes of ailing children and kids with disabilities to fit their needs. This touches my heart, and I hope it touches yours, so let's come together and win this thing., Big Blue Nation, I've asked a lot from you over the years, but I need you to help me move another mountain. I need you to go to espn.com/infiniti, register once and then vote ever day to help my foundation win $100,000. With it, we are going to start a program with Kentucky Children's Hospital this summer to help retrofit homes of ailing children and kids with disabilities to fit their needs. This touches my heart, and I hope it touches yours, so let's come together and win this thing., Congratulations to Nerlens for making the Wayman Tisdale Award midseason list. Nerlens continues to get better every day., Had to make a quick trip to Richmond so I made a stop at the Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt Kentucky near EKU's campus. Feel free to stop by while I'm here., Tonight's game vs. Ole Miss is on ESPN at 9 p.m. ET. -- CoachCal.com staff, Big Blue Nation, we're going to be shooting another few episodes of the Mailbag soon, but we need your questions to do so. Post your questions for me in the comments below and I may answer it on the next Mailbag. Remember, you can ask me anything., Twany did not make the trip to Mississippi. He had a back procedure performed today in Lexington. He is out indefinitely. Willie made the trip with us and is a game-time decision., I'm glad to see North Carolina back on the schedule for next year. With the way we've got it set up now, we've got it to where we will play Louisville at home when we are on the road at Carolina, and vice versa. It gives us the balance we were looking for. We are always looking for great neutral-site games as well., I'm glad to see North Carolina back on the schedule for next year. With the way we've got it set up now, we've got it to where we will play Louisville at home when we are on the road at Carolina, and vice versa. It gives us the balance we were looking for. We are always looking for great neutral-site games as well., Big Blue Nation, we're auctioning off the signed sneakers I wore Saturday for the "Coaches vs. Cancer" game, a signed piece of the 2012 national championship floor and two lower-level tickets to the Mississippi State game on Feb. 27. The auction is open now at the link below. The full proceeds will go to the American Cancer Society. The bidding closes Saturday. Good luck, and thank you for helping us fight cancer., Congrats to Nerlens on winning SEC Freshman of the Week for the second straight week. Keep it going, kid!, Chris Bailey and Jennifer Palumbo emceed the Roundball Bash., The Nixon family had the winning bid on the bottle signed by Coach Stoops, Bill Samuels & me., As the Big Blue Nation knows, I think it’s important to always be transparent with our fans on the things I think it’s important for you to know. I want to take a second today to talk about Archie so you get a better idea of who this young man is., We will be participating in the Coaches vs. Cancer suits and sneakers weekend on Saturday, but I want to encourage the Big Blue Nation to help and do what it can as well. Donate $5 to Coaches vs. Cancer by texting the word “COACH” to 20222 or donating online any time between Jan. 25 and April 9. When you do, you'll be entered for a chance to win some prizes, including being with me as I address the team before the first official practice of the 2013-14 season at Big Blue Madness., I hear there are still tickets left for our home games against South Carolina (Feb. 5), Auburn (Feb. 9) and Vanderbilt (Feb. 20). There are only a few hundred left, so call the UK Ticket Office at 800.928-2287 or the Rupp Arena Box Office at 859.233.3535., Big Blue Nation, I want to pass along a deal you won't want to miss from our friends at Papa John's. Head to http://bit.ly/VacnVtand vote heads or tails with Papa John's
Super Bowl XLVII Coin Toss Experience. The right call wins a FREE PIZZA from Papa John's. You will also get 35 percent off any large pizza just for voting., Saddened to hear about the passing of Jim Line. Jim was on the 1948 national championship team and was Coach Hall's roommate. Let's keep him and his family in our thoughts and prayers., Had a few thoughts I wanted to share with the Big Blue Nation on where we are as a team right now., We're on ESPN tonight at 9 ET against Alabama. Let's continue to get better. Hope to see the Big Blue Nation in Coleman Coliseum., I was very pleased that Willie was able to get in a good treadmill workout Monday. As a precaution, he stayed in Lexington and will not dress tonight., I loved hearing the "Go Big Blue!" cheer from our fans at Auburn and our guys loved it too. I hope to see the Big Blue Nation at Alabama., Great to hear John Wall, Eric Bledsoe and DeMarcus Cousins still keep up with each other. Their job is to love each other and care about each other. Some would say, "How can they love each other if they only stay one year?" Read this and you’ll have an idea., This one is for you Eric (@EBled12). Your grandma is my good luck charm. Thanks, Ms Lessie for coming., Tonight's game is on ESPNU at 9 p.m. ET. Wireless willing, we'll have a live blog from Auburn Arena at the link below. -- CoachCal.com staff, Just got finished with shoot-around at Auburn Arena. The guys did great. Eric Bledsoe's grandmother stopped by. I hope she brings us the same good fortune she did last year when we were down here. Willie stayed home so he could get a double dose of treatment so we can get him back sooner., Big Blue Nation, it's still early in the voting process, but if we get after this thing every day, we can win $100,000 for my foundation and help a lot of people in our communities who are in need of our help. You can vote once a day at espn.com/infiniti. Thanks for your help., Big Blue Nation, just got finished shooting a commercial with "Papa" John Schnatter today. Great news, he told me to reach out and give our fans 50 percent off a large regular menu price pizza when you order online at www.papajohns.com. Use promo code: PAPA50. The offer is valid through Sunday, Jan. 20. Thanks, Papa!, Congratulations to Marcus Camby on having his jersey retired at UMass this weekend. Marcus is one of the greatest players I've ever coached. I can't say enough about how much Marcus had an impact on a university, a basketball program, and a coach and his family., Got a surprise visit from my man Zach Pickard after the game last night. Glad he's doing well., Spoke to the great people at Paul Miller Ford for their 60th anniversary. JP, thanks for allowing me to be a part of your family., Big Blue Nation, I need your help. Help me raise $100,000 for my foundation by voting in the Infiniti Coaches' Charity Challenge. The money is going towards a great cause no matter who you vote for, but I hope we can rally the Big Blue Nation and help make an impact on people and communities in need. Vote at espn.com/infiniti., Good shoot-around today. Who's headed to Rupp for our SEC home opener? If you're watching from home and in the WKTY footprint, today's game will be on CWKYT because of the NFL Playoffs. To find out what channel the CW is in your area, click on the link below. Also, my CoachCal.com staff will have a live blog as always. Follow along at http://www.coachcal.com/19783/2013/01/kentucky-vs-texas-am-live-blog/., I want to thank all the fans who came into Nashville last night to support our team. We needed every single one of you to finish that game. I hope our fans know they will play a part in our games this year more than any other year I've been here., If you aren't in Nashville tonight, you can catch us against Vandy at 9 p.m. ET on ESPN. My CoachCal.com staff will have a live blog for those who want to chat about the game., null, Big Blue Nation, join me in wishing Terrence Jones a happy birthday today. Happy birthday, Terrence. Keep grinding, son!, Really enjoyed Skyping this morning with troops stationed in Djibouti and troops headed to Jordan. Lot of UK fans in our armed forces. It's always an honor to talk to the men and women who defend our country. They truly do refuse to lose., Congratulations to the Alabama football program and Coach Saban. What a run, what a game. True champions!, My daughter Erin did so well on the radio a couple weeks ago that I let her fill in for me on this week's Mailbag. Hope the Big Blue Nation enjoys., Congrats to Willie for winning SEC Freshman of the Week honors. Love how much effort Willie has been putting in at practice. He constantly asks what his heart rate is in practice so he can raise his exertion level., About 250 pages in to Meacham's book on Thomas Jefferson, "The Art of Power." Unbelievable read that I can't put down., Have a few thoughts on the ridiculousness of people calling this the best recruiting class ever that I want to share with the Big Blue Nation., Had to make a pit stop for some gravy before getting back 2 Lex. With my friend Dino. Where am I?, We had two practices today and really got after it. Now I'm on my way to do a little recruiting. Haven't been out in a couple weeks. We'll be back at it tomorrow with two more practices. Our guys are starting to work harder., Want to let Regen Morris know that we're rootin' for him. Hang in there, Regen! Show Regen your support at his page below., Thanks for the great response to my post yesterday. I’m really excited about the information we are able to give our players in real time. Yesterday we showed you their heart rates. Today we've got a graph that shows their sport zones and caloric expenditure. That last graph shows you that our players are using around 2,500 calories in a practice. That does not include individual workouts. f you missed yesterday's post, check it out at http://www.coachcal.com/19635/2013/01/the-monitoring-system-doesnt-lie/. I'm glad the Big Blue Nation is as passionate about our players' health as I am., I promised the Big Blue Nation a behind-the-scenes look at what we're doing to get our players to work harder. Here it is. After you read the story, I hope everyone understands that we're using the device not only to get them to work harder, but for their safety. What we're doing isn't guaranteed to turn our season around because we have other things to work on, but we are seeing improvement., I have a New Year’s gift for the Big Blue Nation that I'm going to post tomorrow on my website. I’m going to give you some special insight on some progressive things we are doing to try to push our young players along more quickly. You have to understand that we’re a program that lives at warp speed and we have to do some things that help our players develop more quickly. I will let you know when it's up tomorrow. Also, it's always nice to see one of your own come back home. That's what it felt like seeing MKG tonight. Love ya, kid., Tonight's game is on ESPNU at 6 p.m. For those of you who don't get ESPNU, you can follow along with our live blog at the link below. -- CoachCal.com staff, Each New Year brings new hope for a better tomorrow., Big Blue Nation, join me in wishing two special people a happy birthday. Happy birthday to Eloy Vargas and LeBron James!, My job is to love each individual player. Their job is to love each other and be their brother’s keeper. We’re not quite there yet., Today's UK-Louisville game will be broadcast nationally on CBS. You can follow along with our live blog at the link below. -- CoachCal.com staff, This piece by Chris Douglas-Roberts, who played for me at Memphis, makes me proud and reminds why I do what I do. It's for kids like him., Had a few things that I wanted to share with the Big Blue Nation today on how to coach young players and a rumor out there., I hear my daughter Erin did such a great job on the radio the other day that we may have her on the Mailbag for a special edition. If you have any questions that you want to ask her, post them below. She already revealed my favorite song so save that question., Merry Christmas to the Big Blue Nation!, Full day so far. Workout, tape, haircut, little bit of shopping for my wife then more tape with John Robic before taking tomorrow off. Done. The team gets back the day after Christmas for an evening practice. I'm refreshed and excited to get started back for the rest of the season., If you're laying around for the holidays and need a little something to do, check out the latest Mailbag from Coach Cal. -- CoachCal.com staff, Great Sunday afternoon. Went to the office, worked out and watched taped before spending the rest of the day with my family. Put in a half day at the office while the kids went to the mall to hopefully get their dad a gift. They know I'll recognize any re-gifts., What does the Big Blue Nation think about our new locker room? If you haven't seen it yet, check out the video tour., Our game is on ESPN2 today. We play at 4 p.m. My CoachCal.com staff will have a live blog at the link below. Anxious to see how much we've improved with another week of Camp Cal., OK #BBN, I promised you the first look at our new locker room once it was completely done. Here it is. I want to thank everyone who helped us get the basketball suite done. We talk about the gold standard. This is another one of those things., Just got word that the custom Harley-Davidson from Man O' War Harley-Davidson/ Buell will be on display in Rupp Arena through New Year's. We'll auction it off sometime early in 2013, the proceeds of which will go to my foundation. We'll announce details at a later time., Every coach, administrator and fan should read this story by Steven  Eder titled, "Some Dietitians Say College Athletes Are Underfed" (http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/26/sports/ncaafootball/dietitians-press-ncaa-to-allow-more-meals-for-athletes.html?_r=0&adxnnl=1&adxnnlx=1356041048-SEPAkxow24dwhaBfaFEzRg). After you read it, I've got my own blog post with my own thoughts about it at the link below., "Going Big," an ESPN film on former UK player Sam Bowie, airs tonight on ESPNU at 9. Hope the Big Blue Nation finds time to watch it., Big Blue Nation, send a special holiday phone call from me to your favorite UK fan at celebcalls.com. A portion of the proceeds benefit the Calipari Family Foundation., We may shoot the video tour of the Rupp locker room today. Should I wear the same shirt I wore in the lodge video? What do you think?, You won't want to miss this week's episode of the Mailbag. Coach Cal talks about Camp Cal, his team's lack of communication and his favorite Christmas tradition of re-gifting. -- CoachCal.com staff, While we were at Man O' War Harley-Davidson/ Buell today, Josh DeWitt (designer) and Jim Bentley (owner) presented me with a Coach Cal motorcycle. It is unbelievable. We're going to auction off the bike in the future, the proceeds of which will go to my foundation. We'll have details in the coming months., Thanks to everyone who donated a coat today. Ellen gave me some to donate. Of course, they were all mine. You can still drop off coats through tomorrow at the Man O' War Harley-Davidson and the Wildcat Wearhouses at Fayette Mall and Hamburg. The coats will go to the Salvation Army, who will give them to families in need., We are going to lift in the morning so we are pushing our appearance at the coat drive back to 10:30-11:30 a.m. Remember, we'll be split between Man O' War Harley-Davidson and Wildcat Wearhouses at Fayette Mall and Hamburg. Bring new or gently used coats. If you can't make it during that hour, the drive lasts until Thursday at those locations., Fall term grades are in. The team had nearly a 3.1 grade-point average with eight guys posting a B average or better. Really proud to coach kids with high aspirations both on and off the court., Check out the link below for a full photo gallery of our stop in Campton today to work with Samaritan's Feet., My players and I will be at three different locations Wednesday from 10-11 a.m. to collect coats for my foundation's coat drive. You can drop off any new or gently used coat at Man O'War Harley-Davidson or the Wildcat Warehouse in Hamburg or Fayette Mall. If you can't come by and see us tomorrow from 10-11, the coat drive lasts until Thursday at those locations. Let's show the Big Blue Nation cares., Had to make a quick stop in the cafeteria while we were at Campton Elementary today because my mother and grandmothers worked in school cafeterias. Here is Patricia Holland, Betty Caldwell, Diana Allen, Teresa Dunn and Elizabeth Maloney, the Campton cafeteria crew., Happy to help Samaritan's Feet, which has helped more than five million children in 65 countries. Here's a picture of Jon Hood chipping in., Glad we were able to come out to Campton Elementary School today with Samaritan's Feet and provide kids with shoes., Our family tradition that I grew up with was one of re-gifting. We didn’t have much so things just exchanged hands between families. Between four different families, there were only five gifts bought. They just exchanged hands six different times. I don’t know if it’s just a Pittsburgh thing or what, but I’m keeping the tradition alive this year., Coach will have another batch of Mailbag questions on his website soon, so please send in your questions for him in the comments section below now. Remember, you can ask anything. -- CoachCal.com staff, Had a great morning film session and talk with my team today. Also went to get a Christmas tree with Ellen after which lifted my spirits. Heading into practice before going recruiting later with two games to watch. This will be my last day on the road so I can spend time with my team., Big Blue Nation, please send your thoughts and prayers to the families and the friends of the victims in Connecticut. It was just a senseless act. I’m sad by what happened today, but I’m also ill just thinking about it. We will have a moment of silence at tomorrow’s game in their memory., I was really encouraged by today's practice. Being at yesterday's NBA game helped me immensely. I was able to watch the communication on both sides of the court by professionals and explain to my 18-year-olds today that that's how you play., Big Blue Nation, help our second annual "Cal's Coats for Kids" coat drive. You can drop off any gently used coats for Lexington area families at all Wildcat Wearhouse stores in Lexington, Man O' War Harley-Davidson of Lexington and Comfort Heating and Air. The drive lasts until Dec. 20., Just landed back from Charlotte. First news I get is Marquis Teague played 20 minutes tonight and played well. Keep working hard, kid!, Here's a picture of Michael and Eric on the court. #WeAreUK http://instagr.am/p/TKIu0tjSB_/, With my two sons, Eric Bledsoe and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, before their game tonight in Charlotte. So proud of them both. http://instagr.am/p/TKDfzuDSM9/, After our second practice this afternoon, I’m going to make a pit stop in Charlotte to watch the Bobcats and Clippers play. The game was part of an auction item we had during the Fantasy Basketball Experience over the summer to raise money for charity. The great thing is I also get to see Michael Kidd-Gilchrist and Eric Bledsoe while I’m down there. Nothing makes me happier than seeing our guys succeed. I wish I had time to see all of our guys play. Every year I look at their schedules and try to see what games I can make. Also, really happy to see Anthony Davis back out on the court. Looking forward to seeing John Wall back out there soon., Where did Coach Cal get the idea to run a players-first program? He explains in this week's Mailbag. -- CoachCal.com staff, Cal said he was going to turn up the intensity at practice last week. Just how tough were they? We've got video of one. -- CoachCal.com staff, Happy birthday to Eric Bledsoe. Proud of what you're doing out there in L.A., kid. Keep it up!, Our game is nationally televised on ESPN2 today. Let's get better today. My CoachCal.com staff will be talking about the game as well. Join their live blog at 11:45 a.m., Just got word that 10 members of the '96 championship team will be at Rupp Arena on Saturday for our game against Portland at noon. Tickets are available online through ticketmaster.com., So proud to see Jon Hood playing with confidence again. I'm also proud of the friendship he's developed with Scott Schaefer. Jon put me on the phone with Scott after the game on Tuesday. Scott's a fighter and Jon made those two three-pointers for him., Congratulations to my son Michael Kidd-Gilchrist for winning NBA Eastern Conference Rookie of the Month. Keep it up, kid!, Big Blue Nation, let's wish Sam Malone a happy birthday. Sam, make sure you pick up Mrs. Cal's brownies after practice today., While I'm on the road recruiting today, check out this week's episode of the Mailbag., I talked Coach Mitchell into giving me some tickets for my Facebook friends and twitter followers to the women's game on Friday at Rupp. All you have to do is stop by the UK Ticket Office in-person between 9-4 on Wednesday or Thursday to get FREE tickets. Just tell them Coach Cal sent you. They play DePaul on Friday at 7 pm ET in Rupp Arena., Just signed the last of the previously auctioned floor pieces for Northwestern Mutual. Thanks to everyone for being a part of our efforts to raise money for a worthy cause., Big-time win for Coach Mitchell and UK Hoops. They never gave up and made two huge plays to win it. Wow!, I usually allow myself 24 hours to suffer after a loss, but I want to express my condolences and prayers for the families of Rick Majerus and John Crigler. I was saddened to hear about the losses of both today. Rick was one of the all-time greats. John, as the Big Blue Nation knows, was an important part of the Fiddlin’ Five. My thoughts and prayers are with both families. We lost two great people today., Today's UK-Baylor will be televised nationally on CBS at 12:30 p.m. We'll have a live blog that will start at 12:15 p.m. if you want to come along and chat about the game. -- CoachCal.com staff, Is Nov. 30 a day for special birthdays or what? In addition to Ellen's birthday, it's also Coach Hall's. Happy birthday, Coach!, Today is Ellen's birthday. You just don't know how important having a loving wife is for a coach. She'll always be my top recruit. Happy birthday, Ellen., Tonight's game will be broadcast nationally on ESPN2. Fans can also follow along with the CoachCal.com live blog at the link below. -- CoachCal.com staff, My mom died two years ago. Went to mass and the Grotto this morning. Glad I was here to pray for her., You asked the questions, Coach answered them. Check out the first episode of this season's Mailbag. If your question didn't make it this time, don't worry, you could be on next week's episode or the one after that. -- CoachCal.com staff, Our Catholic Bishop Terry Steib from Memphis and Mark Dreeves from Lexington's Christ the King were at my house last night. The Bishop was my neighbor in Memphis. Man, is it good to see old friends., I want to congratulate and welcome Mark Stoops to the UK family. The Big Blue Nation is excited to have him. I’m a big fan of the Stoops family. I spent some time at Oklahoma with his brother Bob and met Mike when I was at Memphis and we played at Arizona. I have not had a chance to personally meet Mark but I’ve heard nothing but great things. Mark and I have spoken over the phone a few times and he knows that the full force of the basketball program will be behind him., Happy to see Eloy Vargas back on campus and looking good., Congrats to Archie Goodwin on winning SEC Freshman of the Week. Archie's playing through bumps as well as anybody right now. Keep it up, kid!, Big Blue Nation, start thinking of your questions for me now. After a small break, we're going resume with the Mailbag here in the next week or so. Post your questions in the comments section below and I might answer it on our next mailbag on CoachCal.com., Let's wish Kenny Payne a happy birthday. Kenny's been instrumental in what we've been able to do here. Happy he's a part of our staff., Going twice today. Loved our first practice. Guys went hard. Ryan went the whole way and looked good. Best part was seeing the smile on his face., Tonight's game will be broadcast on FS South (check the coverage area at http://www.ukathletics.com/sports/m-baskbl/spec-rel/112012aaa.html) and online at ESPN3.com. Note: If your cable provider has FS South and is carrying the game, it will likely be blacked out on ESPN3.com. You can follow along with our live blog and chat about the game at the link below. -- CoachCal.com staff, My baby girl, Megan, turns 23 today. I miss her and I’m proud of her. She sent me a great Father’s Day card I was looking at again today. It said, “Thank you, Dad, for supporting me so I can be an independent woman.” Happy birthday, Megan!, Happy Thanksgiving, Big Blue Nation. I hope we all find something to be thankful for today. We're about to have Thanksgiving at my house, will do a walk through this evening and then watch a movie tonight. If you're out shopping tomorrow, we've got a new line of my Refuse 2 Lose clothes Lexington area Kroger stores through the holidays., Tonight's game will be broadcast on FS South (check your local listings at http://www.ukathletics.com/sports/m-baskbl/spec-rel/112012aaa.html) and online at ESPN3.com. You can follow along with our live blog and chat about the game at the link below. -- CoachCal.com staff, Ryan did some treadmill and individual work on Monday and lifted weights on Tuesday during practice to get physically ready to get back on the court. Unfortunately, Ryan left town this morning with his mom to tend to an issue with his family and we don't expect him back in time for Friday's game. Big Blue Nation, please keep Ryan and his family in your prayers and we hope to have him back soon., So what did the Big Blue Nation think of our extended behind-the-scenes video of our trip to Brooklyn? If you haven't seen it yet, make time to do so today., My radio show starts tonight at 7. You can listen to it on WLAP-630 if you're in Lexington. UKathletics.com will have a live stream for those outside the area., Congrats to Alex Poythress for winning SEC Freshman of the Week. Alex is showing signs that he can be a beast. Forgot to congratulate Kyle Wiltjer for winning SEC Player of the Week last week. Keep it up, guys!, OK, Big Blue Nation, we've got something big I think you're going to enjoy. I know you liked the ESPN All-Access series so much that I let my CoachCal.com crew come along for the ride for our Brooklyn trip and shoot some behind-the-scenes footage. Check out our feature-length video, "Under the lights.", Congratulations to Joe B. Hall on his induction into the National Basketball Hall of Fame. No college basketball coach that has followed a legend has won a title. Coach Hall deserves tonight's honor and I couldn't be happier for him. Also, congratulations to Jim Host. Our game wouldn't be the same without Jim. Happy for both of them., Tonight's game is on FS South and online at ESPN3.com. If you don't have the game in your area or just want to chat during the game, join our CoachCal.com live blog at the link below. -- CoachCal.com staff, Thanks to the contractors and suppliers involved in the Rupp locker room renovation: Congleton-Hacker, Harry Gordon Steel, Mason Structure, Specialty Interiors of KY, Kentucky Mirror and Glass, Cooper Painting, Martina Brothers, Carpet Solutions, Hollands Contract Carpet, Brown Sprinkler, Finney Company, Walker Electric, Atlas Company, Forty Nine Degrees, Whirlpool Corporation and Barney Millers. Thanks for working around the clock to get us in our locker room tonight for our home opener., Big Blue Nation, we need your help. We've fallen behind Tennessee by 13 donations in the Kentucky Blood Center's Big Blue Crush. Tomorrow is the last day to donate. KBC’s four donor centers – Beaumont, Andover, Pikeville and Somerset – are open 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Friday. There are also blood drives on the University of Kentucky campus and in Frankfort. Donors at KBC donor centers will receive one movie pass to an area cinema. All Friday donors will also be entered to win an iPad Mini., With the folks from Man O' War Harley-Davidson. Thanks to them for donating the bike for our online drawing to help Sandy victims., Make sure to get out and support UK men's soccer tonight vs. Xavier at 7 p.m. in the NCAA Tournament. UK students are free with ID!, Happy to announce we’ve signed five in the early period for the 2013 class. Big Blue Nation, welcome Andrew and Aaron Harrison, James Young, Marcus Lee and Derek Willis to the UK family., Here's the folks who showed up at Man O' War Harley Davidson today for the Harley drawing. Congrats to Ralph Lucas for winning the Harley. Ralph, the American Red Cross will contact you in a couple days so you can get the Harley. Thanks again to everyone who helped us with the Sandy relief efforts. We made a big difference in a lot of people's lives., The American Red Cross will hold the drawing for the Harley-Davidson I signed last week for the Sandy relief efforts Thursday at noon. I'll be there to draw the winner at the Man O' War Harley-Davidson in Lexington. It is open to the public and the American Red Cross will have an opportunity for people to make financial donations to the relief effort., A warning to the Big Blue Nation: I took my son, Brad, to get his driver's permit today. Brad passed the test but I want to warn everyone in Lexington to watch out while you're on the roads., Big Blue Nation, let's all wish happy birthday to Twany Beckham. Twany, make sure you stop by and pick up Mrs. Cal's brownies today., We need to use last night’s game as a springboard, including myself. I kind of forgot that our last loss in the Vanderbilt game, we didn’t have enough time to think about it because we had to go through the NCAA Tournament. The loss before that was the Indiana game and we used that to get better. It strengthened our team, it strengthened our resolve and it was our springboard. The improvement between Maryland and Duke was evident. Let’s see where we go from here., We're on ESPN tonight at 9:30. If ESPN isn't enough for you, join my CoachCal.com staff for a live blog to talk about the game. Time to learn a little bit more about our team., Really saddened to hear the passing of Kenny Williamson. I'm headed to mass right now to light a candle in his honor. My prayers and thoughts are with his family., Congrats to Johan and men's soccer on making the NCAA Tournament. Big Blue Nation, make sure you get out and support when they host Xavier on Thursday. Also, congrats to Coach Lipsitz and women's soccer on their first-ever NCAA Tournament win Friday. Is this a soccer school?, Happy Veteran's Day. Thanks to all of our current and former troops for their service. Also, I'm starting to see signs from Alex. It's the beginning of him getting it., My baby boy, Brad, is 16 today! He got breakfast in bed and now he wants his drivers license. Ugh! Love you son and happy birthday., Want to thank the Big Blue Nation again as well as Papa John's Pizza for helping us raise $1 million for the Sandy relief efforts., Only a couple hours left to bid on one of 30 signed pieces of the national championship floor. The pieces will be signed by Anthony Davis, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Darius Miller and I. Proceeds benefits Sandy victims., Only a couple hours left to bid on one of 30 signed pieces of the national championship floor. The pieces will be signed by Anthony Davis, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Darius Miller and I. Proceeds benefits Sandy victims., Big Blue Nation, calm down. Take a deep breath. It’s OK. We’re going to be fine. It’s the first game! How about this shot of Jarrod from UK Athletics’ Chet White? I’m proud of him. He comes to practice every day and works hard., Join the CoachCal.com staff for a live blog of tonight's UK-Maryland game from the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, N.Y. -- CoachCal.com staff, The team is wearing new, alternate uniforms for tonight's game against Maryland. They are for tonight only. Check them out below. -- CoachCal.com staff, Ryan and Julius both practiced yesterday and will play tonight. I’m happy that we’re full strength. I was a little worried that we were going to go in light., You can still bid on pieces of the national championship floor and tickets to the Barnstable Brown Party to help us with the Sandy relief efforts. The pieces of the floor will be signed by Anthony Davis, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Darius Miller and me. The auction closes tomorrow. Looking forward to handing a check to the American Red Cross tonight at the Barclays Center., Big Blue Nation, if you're not in Brooklyn, please go cheer on John Lipsitz and UK women's soccer in their NCAA Tournament match tonight at 7., We made it to New York. We practiced this afternoon at the Barclays Center and now the guys are relaxing a bit before we have a team meeting tonight. Check out IMG's digital guide for our first two games. Remember, Big Blue Nation, enjoy the journey! http://www.ukathletics.com/playbook/md-duke, Introducing the Big Blue Nation to QFive - a new social app for the sports world!, I can't tell you how proud I was of our players answering calls tonight. The best part of the night is when they each hugged the volunteers., Wow, just told we raised nearly $500k for tonight’s telethon and that doesn’t even include the help of Papa John's Pizza and online auction numbers. As always, the Big Blue Nation came through. My hope is we give a check for $1 million in New York on Friday. Thank you!!!, Wow! There are now less than 50 spots open for our Harley! And remember, if you don't win the Hog you'll still have a chance at all the other great stuff we're giving away but you have to enter to win. Let's show everyone that #BBNCares and help the victims of Sandy. What a night!, We are an hour away from the "Rebounding from Sandy" telethon, but you can bid on our online auction items now at http://www.auctiva.com/stores/viewstore2.aspx?id=1750121&styleid=12&siteid=0. The drawing for the signed Harley-Davidson motorcycle from Man O' War Harley-Davidson can be found at http://www.coachcal.com/hogwild/. We are about to head to WKYT now to start the telethon at 7. I hope we show everyone the #BBNCares. If you are outside of the viewing area, you can watch a live stream at the link below., Big Blue Nation, I'm honored to announce that my friends at Papa John's Pizza will join us in raising funds for the victims of Superstorm Sandy. Papa John's has generously offered to donate $1 for every pizza order placed today, Nov. 7, to help the victims and assist with relief efforts., Looking at some film before we practice this afternoon and get ready for Maryland. After that we'll head over to WKYT for tonight's telethon. Again, I hope we can show everyone that was affected by Sandy that the #BBNCares. To make a donation during tonight's telethon, call 859.299.5455 if you're in the Lexington area and 855.257.2700 outside of Lexington. If you can't get through to either of those lines, an additional phone bank will be set up at 855.639.8832 to take your call. There is a limited opportunity for companies donating a minimum of $5,000 to make an on-air check presentation. If your company is interested, please contact Laura Atkinson at 859-253-1331 before 5 p.m. We also have an opportunity for you to be a part of the "founders" group. If you want to help match tonight's funds please call 859-257-1916., Let's show the Northeast the #BBNCares. Join me in the Sandy relief efforts and help us with our telethon tomorrow. In addition to our telethon, we will have an online auction, the proceeds of which will benefit the relief efforts. I'm excited that Papa John's Pizza is going to help us with the telethon. Papa is really stepping up. We'll have the exciting details tomorrow., Just left the voting booth a little bit ago. Hope you will join me in voting on Election Day. Also, gappy birthday to my son Doron Lamb. Doron, do you mind if Mrs. Cal gives your brownies to somebody else?, Big Blue Nation, we extended our telethon tomorrow from 7-9 p.m. If you're in Lexington, you can see the first hour on WKYT and the second hour on CWKYT. If you want to make a donation tomorrow, you can call 859.299.5455 if you're in Lexington and 855.257.2700 for those outside the Lexington area. We're going to auction some items off on the telethon, the proceeds of which will go to the American Red Cross to help the victims of Sandy. No matter what you can donate -- $5, $50 or $500 -- it will make a difference., With George Goodwin after the game. Hope he enjoyed being an assistant coach for the day., Tonight's game will be televised for the entire FS South footprint and delayed on UK/IMG affiliates. ESPN3.com will have a live stream (subject to blackout). We will also have a live blog starting at 7:45 p.m. To see if you can get tonight's game, head to http://www.coachcal.com/18033/2012/11/tv-clearance-list-for-uk-transylvania/. -- CoachCal.com staff, Lit a candle at mass this morning for our trainer and good friend Chris Simmons whose father passed away suddenly on Saturday. Big Blue Nation, keep Chris and his family in your prayers., Lane Goodwin's father is going to be on our bench tonight as an assistant coach. Make sure you give George a thumbs up when you see him tonight., I feel for my good friend Joker. He and I talked earlier today and I told him that people just wanted to win more. That doesn't mean they don't love him, because they still do. Everybody does. I reminded him that I've been fired before. I told him that as long as he learns from this, he'll be fine. He's a terrific football coach and a terrific person., Big Blue Nation, I hope you can help us Wednesday at 7 p.m. when we host a telethon with WKYT to help the victims of Superstorm Sandy. 100 percent of the proceeds will go to the American Red Cross to benefit the victims of the storm. We will release the number for the telethon later, but people can call the Red Cross at 859.253.1331 or 800.RED.CROSS during non-telethon hours. Sometimes you need someone to move you to act, and Wayne Martin from WKYT called me earlier and the week and said why wouldn’t you do something? People have to understand, when I saw what happened in Queens, that’s like a neighborhood I grew up in. And it’s not just Queens and N.Y., it’s up and down the coast. When I think about what’s happened up there, it’s our responsibility to help. We’ve got some people outside of the telethon that have agreed to match whatever we raise. We hope to have some items for people to bid on., Big Blue Nation, want to pass along an opportunity for a FREE PIZZA from my friends at Papa John's Pizza. Now through
Sunday, make an online purchase of $12 or more using the promo code 2PAPAS and your next PIZZA IS FREE!  Click below for details., Big Blue Nation, if you feel like talking about tonight's UK-Northwood exhibition game, drop by and chat on our live blog. -- CoachCal.com staff, The airing of the third installment of ESPN’s "All-Access Kentucky" has been delayed until Thursday due to Hurricane Sandy production delays. The show will debut Thursday at 8:30 p.m. ET on ESPN2 preceded by a re-air of the second episode at 8 p.m. ET on ESPN2. ESPN2 will re-air all three episodes back-to-back-to-back on Sunday from 4:30 p.m. to 6 p.m. On Tuesday, ESPN will re-air episode No. 2 at 10 p.m. ET followed by a re-air of episode No. 3 at 10:30 p.m. ET. -- CoachCal.com staff, Good luck to all of our guys as the NBA season tips off tonight. Enjoy the journey., Big Blue Nation, let's keep the victims and families affected by the Carroll County bus crash yesterday in our thoughts and prayers., As the NBA season gets going, watching the joy Anthony Davis and Darius Miller exhibited both on and off the floor against the Miami Heat makes me feel good because that's what we teach at Kentucky -- playing with joy. For all my NBA sons, just remember you control your joy. No one else does. Be the best version of you and play with joy. Everything else falls into place., For those asking what I gave Drake at his graduation, I gave him a game jersey with his name on it and a copy of our recruiting video. More importantly, I gave him some info on UK and how to enroll if he wants to take this thing a step further., Big Blue Nation, vote once a day every day for UK volleyball player Ashley Frazier for the Senior CLASS Award. Spread the word., We scrimmaged this morning for an hour. We did some things I've been waiting to do -- lineups! Every time I make a substitution the team is going to be drastically different. We even played both big guys together today. We are learning about our team., Just watched Drake receive his diploma tonight. So proud of him. Not only does he move people with his music but he's a great example that it is never too late to go back and finish school., Never forget that success creates enemies! Never forget that past success doesn't determine future success! I fear success more than failure. As you can tell, I have some extra time waiting on SEC Media Day to start. That isn't directed to anything or anyone., Just landed with Coach Mitchell in Birmingham for SEC Basketball Media Days. What did the Big Blue Nation think of our Blue-White Scrimmage last night? I told you we have a long ways to go. Whoever put us in the top five needs to be drug tested. But I still like my team. It's only October., Just so there is no confusion on what times you can watch a replay of the second episode of ESPN's "All-Access Kentucky" series, you can find the full list of dates and times at the link below. There is also some exclusive video footage at that link that was provided by ESPN. Some of it you won't see in tonight's episode. -- CoachCal.com staff, NEW TIMES for the re-airing of "All-Access Kentucky" episode two: 10:30 p.m. on ESPN, 9 p.m. on ESPNU and 11:30 p.m. on ESPN2., Here's a final preview of ESPN's "All-Access Kentucky" episode two, which debuts tonight at 7 on ESPN. If you're watching our Blue-White Scrimmage at 7 on Fox Sports South, there will be replays of All-Access Kentucky at 10:30 p.m. on ESPN, 11 p.m. on ESPN2 and 11:30 p.m. on ESPNU. Knowing tonight's show is going to include more practice footage, I imagine they'll be some screaming and yelling by me. Understand I'm harder with them now so that I can be easier later. At some point this has got to be their team and not mine. Forgive me if I come off too mean tonight, but I'm just being loud., Today's message: Work like you don't need the money. Love like nobody has ever hurt you. Dance like nobody is watching. Sing like nobody is listening and live as if this was paradise on earth Have a great morning, Big Blue Nation and make sure to watch our Blue-White Scrimmage on FOX Sports South and All-Access Kentucky on ESPN tonight at 7., What will you watch tomorrow: our Blue-White Scrimmage or ESPN's "All-Access Kentucky" show? Remember, we are going to show the first and second episodes of All-Access Kentucky in Rupp Arena immediately following the Blue-White Scrimmage. If you stay home tomorrow and decide to watch the game, ESPN will have replays available later in the week. , Added our national championship ball to my collection today., Had a fun time with Bob Rotella speaking to the Tiger Global Management group today. A few messages from my talk were: My job is to care about the players and their job is to care about each other. We're not very good right now, but because of the character, coachability and effort of this team, we'll be fine. You hire people who are strong in areas that you're weak that are good people. Fun day, headed back to Lexington., Here's a preview of this week's "All-Access Kentucky" show from ESPN. Episode two airs Wednesday at 7 p.m. on ESPN. -- CoachCal.com staff, We are making John Robic's "Helmet Dunk" award interactive again on my site. The Big Blue Nation can watch videos of the Helmet Dunks of the week and then vote for their favorite. We will do a few of these until regular-season games start., There are times when I wonder how we are going to play in a game in a few weeks, but each day we're getting better. I was really encouraged by our effort defensively today. I'm seeing signs that we could be a really good team, but it's only October. I will tell you one thing, I love coaching basketball!, Great communication training from Steve Shenbaum and Game On Nation with our team yesterday. It even impacted our practice later in the day. Fun time. Also, wanted to let the Big Blue Nation know we will be showing episodes one and two of ESPN's "All-Access Kentucky" immediately after the Blue-White Scrimmage on Wednesday., He already got his white chocolate oatmeal cookies, but I forgot to post about Kyle Wiltjer's birthday, Saturday. Happy belated birthday, Kyle., I told you I hit all my free throws before we went live on SportsCenter yesterday. Here is video proof., Last chance to own a piece of our national championship floor. The auction closes at noon. Make your bid at http://www.2012ukfloor.com/. All proceeds from the auction go toward the fight against pediatric cancer., I promised the Big Blue Nation some photos yesterday of our day at ESPN. With so much going on yesterday we forgot to post them. Check them out at the link below., Big Blue Nation, just so we're clear, I love Big Blue Madness. My comment on the show last night was about the scrimmage part, not Madness. When I walked in last night my wife said, "What do you mean you hate Big Blue Madness?" I was like what are you talking about, I love it. I just don't like the scrimmage. I don’t want to see anyone get hurt. That’s why I put no hard fouls and let guys go on breakaways on the board. But Madness is wonderful. It's become an experience. Nobody does it better than our marketing staff., Just heard that Lane Goodwin passed away. My prayers are with his family and loved ones. Let's all give one more thumbs up for Lane! #RIP, How did the All-Access show go? We just got back from Bristol so I haven't had a chance to watch it yet. Don't know if I will. If it didn't come off well, there is only one person to blame -- me. The decision was mine to let ESPN in., Check out the introduction to "All-Access Kentucky," which airs tonight at 7 on ESPN. What does the Big Blue Nation think? If you're watching tonight at have Twitter, make sure you use the hash tag #AllAccessUK, Coach Cal will go through ESPN's media "car wash" Wednesday. We've got all the shows and times at the link below. Make sure you are following Coach on his Twitter account (@UKCoachCalipari) and the website's Twitter account (@CoachCalDotCom) for up-to-the-minute pictures. We'll have a few photos here later Wednesday. -- CoachCal.com staff, I only let certain people wear this ring. Miss Kentucky is one of them., Tickets for our first five home games go on sale at 6 p.m. They will first be available online at ticketmaster.com or by calling at (800) 745-3000., Here's the second preview for the "All-Access Kentucky" series that will debut tomorrow at 7 p.m., Check out a preview of the "All-Access Kentucky" series that will air on ESPN on Wednesday at 7 p.m., I am dead tired after a great weekend on the practice court this weekend. Big Blue Nation, I'm going to be honest, I was a little depressed after our morning practice, but I was inspired with how the guys responded this evening. We've got a long ways to go, but remember it's only October 14. Enjoy the journey., We just gave out our first Helmet Dunk of the Week Award to Willie Cauley-Stein for his dunk on Nerlens Noel at Big Blue Madness. The helmet looks pretty good on Nerlens, doesn't it? I told him it's up to him to give it to someone else now., Today is my good friend Joe Craft's birthday. What he's done for UK, our athletic dept and our program is ridiculous. Happy birthday, Joe!, I want to thank everyone who came back for tonight's Madness to help us re-raise the banners. Part of tonight was to celebrate a new season and a national championship, but more than that, we were there to celebrate the tradition of this program. By the way, can you believe what Matthew did again? If we're in a dance contest, we're winning. Now I'm ready to coach my basketball team., Doors open at 4 p.m. today for Big Blue Madness. Volleyball starts at 5. Get there early to grab your posters and set a new attendance mark. If volleyball ends early, I have a treat for the Big Blue Nation. We'll show the video we take on the road tonight immediately after volleyball. For those without tickets, you can watch Big Blue Madness on FS South or online at http://www.ukathletics.com/mbbgameday/  ESPNU will also have highlights., If you missed anything from Media Day today, there is full coverage at CoachCal.com. Here's a video recap of today's festivities. -- CoachCal.com staff, Vance Walberg, the inventor of the Dribble Drive, will be our guest speaker for our Coaches' Clinic on Oct. 27. Find out more info and register at http://www.ukathletics.com/camps/, Vance Walberg, the inventor of the Dribble Drive, will be our guest speaker for our Coaches' Clinic on Oct. 27. Find out more info and register at http://www.ukathletics.com/camps/, It's Media Day today. You can watch a live stream of Coach Cal's news conference starting at 1:30 p.m. today at the link below. -- CoachCal.com staff, Big Blue Nation, make sure you get to Big Blue Madness early tomorrow as our volleyball team will play Mississippi State at 5 p.m. Let's help Coach Skinner and UK volleyball break the national attendance record of 17,430. Let's pack the house!, Reminder, you can own a signed piece of our championship floor by placing a bid in an online auction that starts at noon. One hundred percent of the proceeds from the auction will go towards the fight against pediatric cancer. Let the bidding begin!, Heard my good friend Wayne Martin at WKYT is going to be retiring. What a run he’s had. I love that he was a former head coach., Saw my good friend Dusty Baker before their game today. He looks great! We gotta get one tomorrow., Also ran in to Charlie Sheen  at the Reds game today. Who's better than him?, Ran in to Louie Dampier at the Wildcat Tip-Off Luncheon in Louisville. One of the greatest shooters ever., Big Blue Nation, you can own a piece of our championship floor by placing a bid in an online auction on Thursday. The auction will start at noon at http://2012UKFloor.com. 100 percent of the proceeds will go towards the fight against pediatric cancer., null, I'm in Pittsburgh today because I attended the funeral of the father of my first UMass signee. Jim Sr. and his wife was the first family that trusted me with their son. His uncle, Connie Hawkins, is in the picture too. Prayers to them all. Planned to leave town earlier but couldn't get home until later so I decided to check out my Steelers today., Ran into Sidney Crosby yesterday in Pittsburgh. He's going to try to come visit us in Rupp Arena., ESPN announced it will debut "All-Access Kentucky" on Oct. 17 at 7 p.m. The other two episodes will air Oct. 24 and Oct. 31. All-Access Kentucky will follow John Calipari and his staff as they guide the new faces of the 2012 national champion Wildcats from Big Blue Madness to the start of the 2012-13 season. -- CoachCal.com staff, UK Alumni and fans, join me and the Greater Louisville UK Alumni Club for the Tipoff Luncheon on Oct. 10. Head to the website below to RSVP., All four parts of Coach Cal's lengthy preseason Q and A are now up. Check them out below. -- CoachCal.com staff, Tickets for the Blue-White Scrimmage, which will be held Oct. 24 at Rupp Arena, went on sale today at 9 a.m. I saw a line on my way into the office today., If you didn't attend our Women's Clinic this year, see what you missed in the photo gallery below. UK Sports Video was also on hand and shot some great video. You can watch that at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6QsADwer2A&list=UUA0m2HDyoTvx2vXoYSdsJsA. If you were at the clinic tonight and want to download one of the high-res group photos, head to http://britneymcintosh.smugmug.com/Other/Coach-Cal-Womens-Clinic/25729231_Hgdj4b#!i=2127283833&k=hgNftqp., Just had an unbelievable time at the Women's Clinic. We had a record 612 women show up. It gets bigger every year. I want to thank Nancy Lieberman for attending and putting on one heck of a show. Nancy is one of the greats. We took them through some drills, had a fashion show and even showed them our recruiting video. I told them to to tell no one what they saw. Also want to thank Jennifer Palumbo and our guys for doing the fashion show again. It's always one of the highlights of our Women's Clinic. We will have a full photo gallery on my website in just a little bit., Wow!!!! Just saw this picture of the line forming outside for our Women's Clinic tonight. This was taken an hour before registration begins. The actual clinic doesn't even start until 6. You people are nuts! We'll have a photo gallery from the action later tonight., Just finished reading Pat Williams' "Coach Wooden: The 7 Principles That Shaped His Life and Will Change Yours" and about to re-read Coach Wooden's "A Lifetime of Observations and Reflection On of and Off the Court." I always read three books before the season to get me in the right  frame of mind to coach my team. Those are two of them along with Tony Dungy's "The Mentor Leader." Also, make sure you check out Dick Vitale's new book, "Getting a W in the Game of Life." Proceeds from Dick's book will help fight pediatric cancer. Learn more about all of them in my book club., Congratulations to Ronnie Craven for winning today's Facebook giveaway. Ronnie, check your Facebook messages for confirmation or post your mailing address in the comments section below and we'll get the Coach Cal-signed Jay-Z pass to you. -- CoachCal.com staff, OK, Big Blue Nation, I think you're going to like this giveaway. Who wants my signed pass from the Jay-Z concert? Usually I don't mind asking for someone's autograph or picture, but I just couldn't do it with Jay-Z. Hopefully my signature and the pass are good enough. We'll announce the winner later this afternoon., The first of a four-part Q and A with Coach Cal to preview the upcoming 2012-13 season. -- CoachCal.com staff, Just wanted to wish all my NBA guys good luck as they open up training camp this week. If you didn't get a text, send me your new number. That includes all my UMass and Memphis guys too. I love seeing people chase their dreams., We've got a new episode of the CoachCal.com Mailbag. This time around Coach answers how he handles criticism and talks about who inspired him in his childhood. -- CoachCal.com staff, With Brooklyn Nets coach Avery Johnson at the Barclays Center opening last night., Great seeing Magic Johnson and his brother Larry at the Barclays Center opening last night., Had a chance to visit backstage with Jay-Z and my good friend Irv Gotti last night. I told Jay-Z that I might get fined $50k for being in HIS locker room. He said "I got you." I was invited last night for the opening concert because we will be one of the first teams to play in the Barclays Center on Nov. 9., Wow, Big Blue Nation, you will want to check out this video recap of the Basketball Fantasy Experience we held a couple weeks ago. You'll notice in the video it wasn't about our program. It's about the campers. That was our mentality in doing the Fantasy Experience. We asked ourselves what we could do to make it an unbelievable experience for them and have them walk away saying, “That was an absolute ball.” It even helped me get better. It helped me create relationships., I took this picture with Howard Garfinkel last night after accepting the Nell & John Wooden Coach of the Year Leadership Award. Howard is a good friend and found of Five Star Basketball., Congratulations to James Morgan and Carol Workman for winning the signed hat giveaway from yesterday. James and Carol, please check your Facebook messages for confirmation. If you can't find those, just post your mailing address below in the comments section. Thanks. -- CoachCal.com staff, With Nan Wooden accepting the Wooden Leadership Award in DC., It's been too long since I've given away some prizes for my closest friends on Facebook, so I'm giving away two signed hats from last night's Alltech fundraiser just for being a fan of my page. We'll choose the winners tomorrow morning so be on the lookout to see if you've won., Here's more info on the Alltech fundraiser we held last night and where the funds for the "Title Town" bottles are going., Big Blue Nation, our Blue-White Scrimmage tickets go on sale Oct. 4 at 9 a.m. Hope to see you there., Had an unbelievable time tonight with Dr. Pearse Lyons and everyone at Alltech helping raise money for the continued relief efforts in Haiti. As I said at the Clinton Global Initiative, to make our efforts lasting, the effort must be ongoing. With the help of Dr. Lyons and Alltech, that's what we're doing. One hundred percent of the proceeds from our fundraiser tonight will go to Haiti, but the Big Blue Nation can help as well. Alltech will have a limited edition "Title Town" Town Branch Bourbon available around Lexington. One hundred percent of those proceeds will go to Haiti. Here's a picture of me with some folks from tonight., I was driving by Rupp Arena tonight and did a U-turn to check on our locker room. As I walked in, I heard people working. I got a nice surprise. As I walked into our new locker room, I was surprised to find this., To all my Jewish friends on Yom Kippur: G'mar Chatimah Tovah, Happy 19th birthday to my son Michael Kidd-Gilchrist. Michael, let me know next time you're in town and I'll make sure Mrs. Cal has your brownies ready., Really enjoyed our coaches' retreat the last two days. I believe it may have been the best ever. We had 20-plus coaches from our family in town. It wasn't just sharing Xs & Os, but seeing how loyal our coaching family is to one another made it special. Thanks to Collier Mills at Dunkin Donuts, Matt Sackett from Jimmy John’s, Jimmy Woodward at Rafferty’s, and Ray Schmidt and everyone at UK Dining Services for providing us with food the last two days. The food was wonderful and the coaches really appreciated it, With my buddy Franco Angileri. He's the owner of one of my favorite spots on Mulberry St. Can you guess which one?, If you missed Coach's speech at the Clinton Global Initiative earlier, we've got the video and transcript on his website. Coach Cal talked about how to turn inspiration into change. -- CoachCal.com staff, Don’t miss Coach Calipari at the 2012 Clinton Global Initiative breakout session at 4 PM ET along with Allyson Felix & Barbara Bush. Follow it live. #CGI2012 - CoachCal.com Staff, About to jump on a plane and head back to Lexington. Going to pick up Ellen and then stop by the Big Blue Madness campout in a couple hours., Absolutely thrilled and honored to speak the at the Clinton Global Initiative on Sunday. The CGI has asked me to speak about turning inspiration into action. I can't wait to join our world's leaders and try to make a difference. For more about the CGI, head to http://www.clintonglobalinitiative.org/ourmeetings/2012/., How in the world does Coach Cal compare a duck in water to his players on the court? And what former UK player would Calipari have loved to coach? Find out in this week’s Mailbag. -- CoachCal.com staff, Heard our guys had some fun handing out pizza tonight. Wish I could have been there tonight, Big Blue Nation., To Lane Goodwin, from the Big Blue Nation and the class of 2021., As I’m on the road recruiting this week, I’m telling everybody it’s not about buildings, bricks and mortar. It has nothing to do with that. Kids don’t make decisions on those things, nor should they. It’s about people. It’s about relationships. It’s about coaches who care and get results. That’s why kids want to come to Kentucky., Honored to win the Ray Meyer Coach of the Year tonight. Best part is I got to share it with Mr. and Mrs. Davis., Wow, heard there are already 460 tents for our Big Blue Madness ticket distribution. You people are still crazy!, I'm still out on the road recruiting, but I heard our guys had a ball delivering meals and reading to some elementary students in Lexington. Robes told me the entire school at Cassidy did a "Go Cats" chant that was one of the loudest he's ever heard., I'm still out on the road recruiting, but I heard our guys had a ball delivering meals and reading to some elementary students in Lexington. Robes told me the entire school at Cassidy did a "Go Cats" chant that was one of the loudest he's ever heard., So happy we could honor Coach Hall this morning with a statue near the Wildcat Coal Lodge. No coaches in this profession have to follow legends in their time. No one that followed those coaches other than Joe B. won championships. What Coach Hall did to continue this tradition of excellence was phenomenal. He deserved today. I want to thank Joe Craft for helping us get this statue done, as well as J. Brett Grill, who created the sculpture., One of the books George Raveling gave me while he was in town was so inspiring that I called a spur-of-the-moment meeting today with my team to share it with them. The book was "The Energy Bus" by Jon Gordon. It talks about positive energy and how to lead from the heart. Our players are going to read it and then we're going to discuss it., This picture by Chris Reynolds is what the Fantasy Experience was all about. Our Fantasy participants had the chance to interact and form friendships with Wildcat legends. Here's a story about what our Fantasy campers got to experience this past week: http://www.coachcal.com/16501/2012/09/inaugural-fantasy-experience-brought-dreams-to-reality/. Can't wait for next year's., Wow, what an unbelievable experience the past few days. To all the players, thank you so much for coming back. You are always welcome home. To the ’96 team, thank you so much for your help with the game and Fantasy Experience. I now know firsthand why that team was loved so much. The camaraderie of that group, they were truly brothers. They were talented, but they were brothers. And they can still shoot! This weekend everyone wanted to talk about the 1996-2012 comparisons, but you forget how really good the 2010 team was. If we hadn’t gone 0 for 20 from 3 to start the game against West Virginia, we may have won the title that year. Then we’d be talking who’s better: 1996, 2010 or 2012?, Photos from Saturday's UK Alumni Charity Game at Rupp Arena, plus pictures from the John Calipari Basketball Fantasy Experience All-Stars vs. the 1996 national championship team. -- Coachcal.com staff, If you missed the UK Alumni Charity Game today, you missed a special homecoming as UK past and present united. -- CoachCal.com staff, Getting ready for the Alumni Game at 2 p.m., but we're already having a ball at Rupp. The '96 guys didn't take it easy on our Fantasy Experience All-Stars and won 103-43. Here's a picture of me with the 1996 team. We'll have more on my site later once the day is over with., So happy we could give $25,000 to the V Foundation while Dickie V was in town. He delivered an unbelievable speech to our Fantasy Experience participants. Looking forward to giving away more money for charity tomorrow at our alumni game., Wow, does it get any better than this? My son has a national championship AND an Olympic gold medal. And our Fantasy Experience participants each get to take a picture with him. Only at Kentucky!, We have our second coach. John Wall will coach against Drake on Saturday in Rupp Arena. The $20 ticket sale ends today. Buy your tickets at http://www.ticketmaster.com/event/16004917A2CE3E5D, the Rupp Arena box office or 1-800-745-3000. Discount code: TWENTY, What a first day of our Fantasy Experience. I can't tell you how special it was to see so many of our former players back in the building. I know our Fantasy players are having a ball. Some of them are better than I thought, but we'll see how they do tomorrow when they start to get sore. We've got a photo gallery on my site of the first day of the Fantasy Experience, plus the first day's results., #BBN, The special discount offer of $20 for lower level seats ends Friday at 10 p.m. ET or until tickets last, use the code TWENTY. The special discount tickets can only be purchased at the Rupp Arena box office, online at Ticketmaster.com or by phone at 1-800-745-3000. All the proceeds will go to charity. #WeAreUK, Obviously what Jim Calhoun has done on the basketball court speaks for itself, but what impresses me the most is being up there and seeing that change in their campus and their athletic department. What has been done on that campus and what has been done with that athletic department was driven by Jim Calhoun. It shows that he truly impacted more than just a program., Thanks to Chef Sean and Chef Luis from Jeff Ruby's for providing a wonderful lunch for our Basketball Fantasy Experience Captain's Club. I just got finished talking to all of our participants, who are about to go through tryouts. They are experiencing the Kentucky Effect., We're only a couple thousand short of filling the lower level for Saturday's UK Alumni Charity Game. Let's welcome back our former players and raise money for charity. Get your tickets at http://www.ticketmaster.com/event/16004917A2CE3E5D or call 1-800-745-3000., I want to thank Northwestern Mutual for donating the Final Four floor for our use in our new locker room at Rupp Arena. I'm also going to sign some blocks of the floor and help Northwestern Mutual auction them off. The proceeds will help fight pediatric cancer., Now that I've had a chance to catch my breath, I want to make sure we all take a moment to think about those who lost their lives on 9/11. Please say a prayer for all those families who were left in the aftermath and all the heroes who put their lives on the line. We will never forget., We went 22 straight hours recruiting yesterday. We took off at 6:30 a.m. CT and landed at 2:30 a.m. PT. I did sneak in a nap on the plane. I was wrong about the number of states we were in. It was more like the 2012 draft. We had to make an extra stop in Colorado to refuel., Big Blue Nation, let's wish Chris Simmons a happy birthday. Chris is our head athletic trainer. He's the best in the business., Before Coach Cal hit the road to recruit, he answered some questions about his philosophy on recruiting in this week's episode of the Mailbag. -- CoachCal.com staff, Tomorrow will be one of the craziest recruiting days I've ever had. Guess how many states I will be in? Hint, you can guess on one hand?, Big Blue Nation, I need your help this week at the UK Alumni Charity Game. This game is a unique opportunity to show the world that you can only pull off this type of event at Kentucky. I’m a little disappointed to report that we haven’t sold all of our tickets for the lower bowl. This is a chance to bring our players back AND donate money to charity. I want to give our players the opportunity to hand out big checks to charity at Rupp Arena, but I need your help to do that. Tickets for the alumni game can only be purchased at the Rupp Arena box office, online at Ticketmaster.com, at any Ticketmaster Outlet or by phone at 1-800-745-3000. All remaining seats are reserved and priced at $40 (lower level) and $20 (upper level)., Great seeing John Chaney last night. It brought back some memories., Heard there are reports on where I'll be making my recruiting visits next week. They are only partly right. I'll be making stops across the country. You'll be saying, "Where's Caldo?" all week., Since the Big Blue Nation enjoyed the Wildcat Coal Lodge tour so much, we've got a few extra scenes that didn't make the final cut. I think you will enjoy these at my expense., Big Blue Nation, join me for the first public video tour of the Wildcat Coal Lodge as I take you through our new dormitory., I'm excited to see so many Wildcats coming back home for our first Fantasy Experience next week, Sept. 13-15. Our Alumni Game will also have two teams of former UK players, including current and former pros along with six members of the 1996 title team (Tony Delk, Jeff Sheppard, Walter McCarty, Antoine Walker, Derek Anderson and Wayne Turner). We'll have two coaches for the teams and tonight I'm letting the Big Blue Nation know first that Drake will be back in Rupp Arena as one of the coaches. Tickets can only be purchased at the Rupp Arena box office, online at http://Ticketmaster.com, at any Ticketmaster Outlet or at 1-800-745-3000. Let's raise a ton of money for charity by supporting the UK Alumni Charity game at Rupp Arena., It's not too late to sign up for the Basketball Fantasy Experience. We've now confirmed that Orlando Antigua, Kenny Payne, John Robic, Rod Strickland, Sam Cassell, Del Harris, John Lucas, Bruiser Flint, Dino Gaudio, Paul Biancardi, Nazr Mohammed, Derek Anderson, Tony Delk, Anthony Epps, Walter McCarty, Jared Prickett, Jeff Sheppard, Oliver Simmons, Wayne Turner, Antoine Walker, Anthony Davis, DeMarcus Cousins, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Darius Miller and Marquis Teague will all serve as coaches., Is this a week for birthdays or what? Alex Poythress and his twin sister, Alexis, turn 19 today. Big Blue Nation, let's wish them a happy birthday! Let's also wish John Wall a happy birthday. It seems like just yesterday he was wearing the blue and white. Proud of you, John!, Not too late to wish Nazr Mohammed a happy birthday. Looking forward to seeing you next week in Lexington., We released the official height and weight numbers of our team this year. I know how much the Big Blue Nation likes to break down our team and study it, so here it is., Happy to announce that proceeds from our alumni game will go to Samaritan’s Feet, 4 Paws for Ability, West Liberty Recovery Fund and Everfi Financial Literacy. I want our former players to be able to hand out big checks to those in need at Rupp Arena, so don't forget to get your tickets today! Tickets can only be purchased at the Rupp Arena box office, online at Ticketmaster.com, at any Ticketmaster Outlet or by phone at 1-800-745-3000., Just finished reading “Blink” and the “Pistol: The Life of Pete Maravich” over the holiday weekend. Two great reads the Big Blue Nation should check out. One of the things I tell my players is that their feet need to move really fast while their head is moving slow. "Blink" proves that one of the reasons we make good decisions playing that fast is because we work on that. We work on decision making when we run that fast. We don’t get panicky and our heart rate doesn’t raise. Also, Mike Lupica’s new book, “True Legend,” hits book shelves today. Mike sent me the book over early and it is wonderful. Great read for the younger generation. http://www.coachcal.com/coach-cals-book-club/, Big Blue Nation, join me in wishing Julius Mays a happy birthday. The brownies are already ready for you, Julius., Couldn't make it to Louisville but I'm home w/ the family all dressed in blue, ready to cheer on the Wildcats!, Wow, looks like Oliver Simmons is coming back to Lexington for the Legends game too, which will take place before our alumni game. Now nine guys from the 1996 championship team. Don't miss it. Let's raise a ton of money for charity. I want to give out big checks in Rupp Arena., We aren't allowed to put the alumni game on TV, radio or online because we don't own the rights, so make sure you buy your tickets before it's too late., We've still got a long ways to go, but I really like what I see so far in individual skill instruction., I don't know if we're going to be as long as last year, but it sure looks like we are based on this picture., The whole family is in town today., Here's another one of my sons who stopped by today., It's great to see your sons come home with smiles on their faces. I love you guys., Remember, Big Blue Nation, tickets for our UK Alumni Charity Game on Sept. 15 go on sale tomorrow at 10 a.m. ET. I'm happy to announce Derek Anderson, Anthony Epps, Walter McCarty, Jared Prickett, Jeff Sheppard, Wayne Turner and Antoine Walker, all members of the 1996 national championship team, will play in an exhibition game before our alumni game against some of our Basketball Fantasy Experience participants. Doors for our alumni game will open at 11 a.m. so you can watch that game as well., The following is a post I wrote last summer on what I called the five myths of recruiting. I posted it because I wanted to help young athletes wade through the often confusing and challenging recruiting process they go through. It was a way of showing the Big Blue Nation what goes into our recruiting philosophy and another example of how we are always focusing on being a players-first program., We will be shooting another Mailbag with Coach soon. First, we need questions from you. What have you been wanting to ask Coach? Post your questions for him in the comment section below and he might answer yours in our next Mailbag at CoachCal.com. -- CoachCal.com staff, I just taught my 15-year-old son, Brad, how to parallel park in the Joe Craft Center parking lot. The third try he was a foot from the curb., Join me is wishing Mitch Barnhart a happy birthday today. I'm excited about his vision for the future of UK Athletics., My wife and I went for a drive through Georgetown this afternoon and had a barbecue dinner at Fat Boy’s. It was great. Free time is winding down. I’m really proud of Kyle Wiltjer, who was in Toronto this weekend with the initial Canadian national team workout. Steve Nash is now the general manager., A great story on our newest student manager, Kevin Massey. Again want to thank the Big Blue Nation for all of your prayers for Kevin over the last couple of years. He's made it!, The Kentucky Effect., I am so happy to bring back Marquis Estill as an undergraduate assistant on our staff. One thing I always tell our players is that they are always welcome back here, especially to get their degree. This is a players-first program, and we will always be here for them in whatever capacity they need. I applaud Marquis for coming back to finish his degree, and I encourage all of our former players to do the same., Our Alumni Game will be at Rupp Arena on Sept. 15 at 2 p.m. Tickets are $20/$40/$100 and go on sale Aug. 31 through Ticketmaster and Rupp Arena. All proceeds from the game will go to charity., I know the Big Blue Nation is already excited about Nerlens. This story may take it to another level., UK Sports Video was at our Photo Day today. Check out their behind-the-scenes video. Our players have some great smiles, don't they?, Big Blue Nation, had a great day today. I worked out my four big guys (Willie, Kyle, Nerlens and Alex) after they had their first day of class. All I can say is they're really good. Gotta figure out a way to have them all on the floor together. Saw a lot of smiles at photo day too., Welcome back, Wildcats! Play to your strengths!, With my friends at Krossover. Had a great time stopping by today., I hope the Big Blue Nation will check out Del Harris' new book "On Point: Four Steps to Better Life Teams." I'm looking forward to reading the finished product., Big Blue Nation, get your tents ready! We're distributing Madness tickets Sept. 22 at 7 a.m. at Memorial. You can start lining up Sept. 19 at 7 a.m. Tickets will also be available at http://UKathletics.com and http://Ticketmaster.com. Big Blue Madness is Oct. 12. Hope to see you there. I know one of you still has my tent!, Big Blue Nation, thank you for your prayers for Kevin Massey. He's made it to campus and will serve as a student manager for us this year., Glad to help my good friend Carl Howard re-open Fazoli's on Euclid. I told Carl I was happy to see the building blue and white now. A big thanks to Fazoli's for donating $1,000 to my foundation. We will put it to good use., Here's a better photo of of my earlier picture with members of the 1996 national championship team. Thanks to David Coyle for the photo., With members of the 1996 UK national championship team, which was in town for a reunion. What a great group of guys. To sacrifice and play no more than 22-25 minutes a game on a team with nine NBA players -- untouchable! Great seeing Tony Delk, Wayne Turner, Walter McCarty, Derek Anderson, Ron Mercer, Jared Prickett, Jeff Sheppard and Allen Edwards., This was sent to me from Bill Kelly, one of my former players at Kansas when I coached the JV team. You can see shorts were a little tighter back then and my hair style was a pushover, not a pushback. One thing that hasn’t changed: I will still coach at 11 o’clock at night or 7 in the morning. I love coaching young men and seeing their dreams come true., At Big Blue U. Just talked to our new track coach. Edrick said he can help us with our team speed. Welcome to the family, Edrick., Everybody join me in wishing Willie Cauley-Stein a happy birthday. He turns 19 today! Happy Birthday, Willie., Just spoke to some of our Singletary and Patterson scholarship award winners. Our future at UK is really bright. I'm so glad that, with Dr. Capilouto and Mitch Barnhart's help, we've been able to increase the number of Singletary Scholarship offerings from 34 to 51. I told the Singletary and Patterson scholars about a call I made to Brandon Knight to thank him for raising the academic standard for us. Brandon helped change the culture and showed that it’s not just about basketball here. We’ve graduated seven players over the last three years, but we’ve also had a team B average since Brandon stepped on campus. That’s what a game-changer does. If Brandon wasn’t a basketball player, he would have been sitting with those scholarship winners. To see all the students back on campus has me excited for this year. I'm looking forward to speaking to the freshmen tonight at Big Blue U., UK Sports Video was with me on my visit to West Liberty Friday. Here's a video feature., Wow, just heard the Big Blue Nation helped raise $60,000 as of 5 p.m. today for the West Liberty Recovery Fund. Thank you for your support. The best thing about today is finding out the money will be applied for and awarded directly to the individuals and businesses in the town of West Liberty. It ensures the common folk will be touched by what we did today. That’s why Ellen and I decided to match. It’s a totally different deal when you know there is a face behind the cause., Pleased to announce we've set the dates for our Women's Clinic (Oct. 3) and Coaches' Clinic (Oct. 27). Sign up now before spots fill up!, I hope the Big Blue Nation will come out and support Coach Lipsitz and the women's soccer team tonight at 7 as they start the UK Athletics season. Believe!, Made it back to Lexington. Don't worry, UK football fans, we are all planning to join you to tailgate and attend the Western Kentucky game at 7 p.m. on Sept. 15. We'll release more details in the coming weeks, but the alumni game will begin at 2 p.m. on Sept. 15. Ticket info is TBA., Great turnout today in West Liberty. Ellen and I will match donations over the next hour, up to $25,000. Donate at WestLibertyRecovery.com or call 606-743-1080., Just wanted to let everyone know the national championship trophy we're bringing to West Liberty is safe., Don't you just love our fans. Nice surprise on the flight over to West Liberty., Just flew over my house via helicopter as we head to West Liberty., I'll be on Kentucky Sports Radio in West Liberty this morning to benefit the tornado victims from earlier this year. Donate at http://mcltrt.com/MCLTRT/MCLTRT_Home.html. Also, join me in wishing Archie Goodwin a happy 18th birthday today., New numbers this year: Nerlens Noel - No. 3, Archie Goodwin - No. 10, Twany Beckham - No. 11, Willie Cauley-Stein - No. 15, Alex Poythress - No. 22, Julius Mays - No. 34., We've got another Mailbag up on my website. Hope the Big Blue Nation is already thinking of some new questions for our next episodes., Glad to help the KSR gang tomorrow in West Liberty as they try to raise money for the tornado relief effort., Another pic from my visit to Steelers camp yesterday. Had a great time. Thanks again to Coach Tomlin and the staff. Look forward to watching the Steelers AND the Bengals this year. Two great teams., At Steelers camp today., We've got another feature in our "Meet the Wildcats" series up.  Alex is as good as anybody in the country. When he’s got his motor running, he can score at will. Hope the Big Blue Nation likes our new guys., I've been busy recruiting all over the country, especially Buz Tanner, Steve Cronin, Mike Dzik and Ed Kwak. I want to see them in UK uniforms. The Fantasy Experience will be Sept. 13-15. Come on Buz, Steve, Mike and Ed we can help your dreams come true. Chase your dreams! My exclusive Basketball Fantasy Experience is open to only adults 35 years of age and older! Sign up at http://www.johncaliparibasketballexperience.com/citi., Loving my stay at the Colonnade in Boston and I've been hanging out at The RoofTop pool. Maybe the best view in downtown Boston. A must stay. Stopped by practice at Harvard University today as they prepared for a trip to Italy. I was really impressed with the practice. They are a very disciplined, well-coached team. It made me anxious to get started with my team., Happy birthday to my son DeMarcus Cousins. Wow, are you double-deuces today? I'm so proud of you and I look forward to your bright future., Great late-game heroics by Team USA  to win the gold medal in London. How about Anthony Davis becoming the youngest American basketball player to win a gold medal? We're proud of you, Anthony. We love you. The job that Mike Krzyzewski has done for seven years is truly amazing. The ultimate challenge for coaches is to get the most talented players to come together for the team as we work to improve each individual. Coach K has mastered it. Congrats., I'm going to say it again, don't let anyone steal our joy even though they'll try. The parents and the players we recruit know what we stand for., I'm excited to begin the challenging schedule we have before us. The league has added two NCAA Tournament teams in Texas A&M and Missouri. When you take those two, add two more games to the league schedule and combine it with our nonconference schedule, you are once again talking about one of the toughest schedules in the country. It will be a difficult test for our young, inexperienced team, but it's one that I believe will have us ready for the postseason., While Coach is enjoying a little baseball at Fenway, check out the latest episode of the Mailbag he shot last week. He answers who the leader could be next year and when he decided he wanted to be a coach. -- CoachCal.com staff, With Larry Lucchino, Boston Red Sox CEO. Larry played basketball with Bill Bradley at Princeton. He was CEO for both Baltimore and San Diego when they built Camden Yards and Petco Park., Can anyone guess where I am today?, Had a chance to talk with some NBA personnel who watched some of our guys at the adidas counselor game this weekend, guys who are watching and working with the players. They told me Willie, like he’s been in practice this summer, was an absolute beast. He was aggressive, extremely coachable and played with confidence. They said Kyle looks stronger, quicker and more explosive. I’m told he missed some shots in the first games, but I’m not worried about Kyle missing. Just like last year – and like he did Sunday – he’s going to hit a lot of big shots for us. Of course, I was really interested to hear about Nerlens because we haven’t had a chance to work with him yet. My question was, was he one of the best prospects there? They said absolutely. We haven’t had the chance to add anything to his game yet – no conditioning, no weight training, no individual attention – but they loved him because he was so coachable, so smart and picked up everything in a short period of time. In Willie’s case, we’ve 16 one-hour workouts with him, so we’re seeing a different Willie than the one we saw in high school. Wait until we get Nerlens on campus to do the same thing., Bought four books that I'm going to read this week on vacation: Sparky and Me by Ewald, Strength Finders 2.0 by Rath, Blink by Gladwell and Pistol by Kriegel., Here is President Clinton admiring the national championship ring last night., With Chevy Chase last night., I've got several photos I want to share with the Big Blue Nation this afternoon from last night's Starkey Hearing Gala. This one is with Billy Crystal and Robin Williams., Ed "Too Tall" Jones pulled out his 1978 Super Bowl ring tonight, so you know I had to pull out my championship ring., Got so wrapped up in our ProCamp this week that I forgot to let the Big Blue Nation know about our latest episode of the Mailbag., Just finished day two of our ProCamp. I want to thank Prasco for all they've done so far, as well as Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Darius Miller and Doron Lamb. Michael will be back tomorrow to help out with Terrence Jones, Marquis Teague and Eloy Vargas., Big Blue Nation, let's all say a prayer for Tom Leach, whose mother passed away today. We are all thinking about you, Tom., We've got another feature on one of our newcomers. This one's on Willie-Cauley-Stein, who continues to impress. I can't wait for the Big Blue Nation to see him., Wow, blown away by how many campers we have for our Prasco Pro Camps today. Should be a fun four days around here, and I'm looking forward to seeing our former guys back in the building to help with the camps., Two of my good friends, Marvin Lewis and Mike Tomlin, received contract extensions. Always good to see good people who are achieving get rewarded., One of the greatest things about winning a national championship is it gives me the opportunity to show my appreciation for those that have supported me and my family throughout our run at UMass, Memphis and Kentucky. Whether it was providing a ring to a family member or friend, sending gear to our longtime supporters, or taking national championship trophy pictures with our fans, I’m grateful to be able to show my appreciation to my friends and followers in whatever way I can., We are hoping to shoot a Mailbag with Coach sometime soon which means we need questions from you. Post a question -- any question -- for Coach in the comments section below and he might answer yours in the next episode of the Mailbag. -- CoachCal.com staff, Happy Birthday to Eric Lindsey who just completed his first year as the content editor for CoachCal.Com. Eric has been a great addition to my staff and we have big plans for 2012-13. #BBN join me in wishing him a happy birthday., There are two great passages I want to share with the Big Blue Nation from a book I’m reading, “Great by Choice.” The first passage is, “Greatness is not primarily a matter of circumstance. Greatness is first and foremost a matter of conscious choice and discipline. The factors that determine whether or not a company (or a program) becomes truly great, even in a chaotic and uncertain world, lie largely within the hands of its people.” My mother used to say to us, “Your surroundings should not define you or hold you back. Dream big dreams, you can be whatever you want.” This book says, “We are not imprisoned by the luck we get or the inherent unfairness of life. … In the end, we can control only a tiny sliver of what happens to us. But even so, we are free to choose, free to become great by choice.”, I’m always telling my staff to undersell and our program will over-deliver. We want to be about the development of young men on and off the court so that they are prepared to reach their dreams., While I'm on the road recruiting, my CoachCal.com staff has put together another story in our "Meet the Wildcats" series. This one is on Archie Goodwin. Hope you are enjoying these. I know I'm enjoying coaching these guys., Congratulations to Mary Belle Goff, Blaine Price and Alan Yantes for winning the CoachCal.com giveaway this week. The winners were randomly selected, but thanks to everyone for participating. There were some excellent answers, including a few that made Coach Cal laugh — we’re looking at you Ali McGee Kelly. Mary, Blaine and Alan, please check your Facebook messages for confirmation. Post below if you are having problems finding the message. -- CoachCal.com staff, One final chance for Luke Baker, Jo Ann Gibson and Evelyn Kay Lainhart Lawson to claim their prize from last week's giveaway. If we don't hear back from you by midnight tonight, we will select new winners. If you are friends with them, please let them know to check their Facebook messages for confirmation. Thanks. -- CoachCal.com staff, Meant to share this story with the Big Blue Nation a couple of weeks ago. At the beginning of the ESPY Awards, I got out of my seat to go backstage for a minute. When I got back, the show had already started and someone had taken my seat. Standing off to the side, I wondered what the heck I was going to say to this lady. I asked someone next to me what to do and she told me she was a seat filler. I acted like I knew what that was, but I had never heard of it before. You have to understand I have never been on the red carpet before or been to an awards show like the ESPYS. I had no clue. Can you believe the head coach of Kentucky didn’t know what a seat filler was? I’m enjoying this stuff just like you guys., Hope you can stop by Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt Kentucky tomorrow on Romany Road. Show this flyer and they will give 25 percent of your order total to KVC. Money raised from this event will go into an emergency fund to assist families with food, utilities and other basic necessities during times of crisis. KVC is a non-profit agency and 100 percent of these funds will go directly to helping families in need., A coach grabbed me and said one of the best things I said after the NCAAs is don't let them steal your joy. Don't forget, because they'll try., Got to workout with my team today. It's the greatest part of my week, the two hours I get to spend with my team. Nothing gets me more excited., Wow, I can't believe we launched my website three years ago today. Has it been that long? Thank you for your support over the years. I hope you guys enjoy the content we have. As a sign of my appreciation, my CoachCal.com staff is giving away a CoachCal.com package to three CoachCal.com followers. To be eligible to win, you must click on the link and POST YOUR FAVORITE MOMENT ON THE SITE since we've been at Kentucky. We'll choose and announce the winners on Thursday. They will be chosen at random. Thanks again!, Congratulations to Luke Baker, Jo Ann Gibson and Evelyn Kay Lainhart Lawson for winning last week's giveaway. Luke, Jo Ann and Evelyn, please check your Facebook messages to claim your prize. -- CoachCal.com staff, Big Blue Nation, as I’m sure you’ve seen and heard, this is an important time in the recruiting year when my staff and I fly around the country to watch some of the nation’s best players and begin to form our next great team. People are talking about our staff getting after it on the recruiting trail these last couple of weeks, and we are, but the biggest challenge when you win is complacency. We are guarding against it., Before I hit the road recruiting, wanted to give away a few things to the Big Blue Nation. Who wants one of these signed credentials? We'll select the winners by the end of the week., I’m re-reading “The Ten Commandments for Business Failure” by Donald Keough just to get my mind right. I’m trying to forget about the success we had this year and look at how not to do things to make sure we don’t fall into that trap. I’ve begun the “Great by Choice” book and will probably have it read by the end of this week because I’m going to be on airplanes a lot, traveling around the country to do recruiting. The beginning of it makes me feel good that we’re on the right path. And then my son has recommended I read Mike Lupica’s “True Legend.” For all my teenagers readers, it’s a great book., Stopped by Rupp Arena on Monday to see the early stages of the locker room renovations. When it's done at the start of our season, it will be the gold standard. As you can see, we've got a ways to go. Can't wait to show the finished product., Big Blue Nation, pray for my good friend Bob Marcum as he recovers from a stroke. He's getting ready for physical therapy wearing his UK blue., Want to support scholarships for students and show your Wildcat Pride? Join the UK Alumni Association. Membership is open to alumni and friends of UK. Membership also gives you access to exclusive benefits, such as the Kentucky Alumni magazine. Visit www.ukalumni.net/join., The 2012 Coach Cal Refuse to Lose line of clothing is available today, available exclusively at Wildcat Wearhouse. Text CAL to 78601 to get 50 percent off your first Coach Cal Refuse to Lose shirt purchase. Just show your return message from the Coach Cal Mobile Network at any area Wildcat Wearhouse to get your discount today. Hope you LOVE my new clothing line, and of course part of the proceeds help families in our community. Go Big Blue Nation!, Watching Team USA reminded me of how we destroyed the myth that playing with other talented players is not good for them individually. From John Wall and Eric Bledsoe who both sacrificed to play with each other to last year's team that sacrificed to win a title together. They've started the trend of KENTUCKY being the place where talent comes together to reach a common goal which benefits their careers. It's in the NBA too. Look at the Heat, Lakers, Knicks, Nets and Thunder among others. All collections of talent playing for titles, Congratulations to Anthony Davis on his official selection to the US Olympic team. It’s been an incredible year for him and it’s a great honor. That also means he will not be available for our sold out Prasco ProCamps on August 1-2 and 3-4. His Kentucky teammate, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist has gratuitously volunteered to split both camps by participating on August 2-3 to accommodate the kids that are missing out on Anthony. Michael continues to amaze me and has always been an unbelievable person.  I’m looking forward to seeing all the guys in Lexington. Doron Lamb & Darius Miller (Aug 1-2), Michael Kidd-Gilchrist (Aug 2-3), Terrence Jones, Marquis Teague & Eloy Vargas (Aug 3-4)., I'm so proud that Anthony Davis is having this opportunity with Team USA and I truly believe this experience will push him ahead in his career by years. The coaching and what he’ll learn from the players will be an enormous benefit. Team USA, wow! Their length and athleticism was impressive. OK, Big Blue Nation, I'm getting on an airplane right now and flying to the East Coast to start recruiting tomorrow morning., We are introducing our new players to the Big Blue Nation on my website. I hope you will check out the first feature on Julius Mays., I want to thank the Big Blue Nation for all your tweets and support. You made it a battle and to be compared with the other candidates was an honor., With Anthony Davis at the 2012 ESPYS., Making my way down the red carpet at the ESPYS. Can't believe all the stars here. Anthony Davis is looking good!, Happy birthday to Rod Strickland! Glad to have you on our team, Rod., While Coach is on the road, we've posted the latest episode of the Mailbag. We will be shooting some new episodes soon, so post any question you have for Coach below. -- CoachCal.com staff, It's not too late to vote for our team for Best Team. The ESPYS air tonight at 9 on ESPN., We just released our 2012-13 nonconference schedule. What do you think, Big Blue Nation?, I hope this run with the Dominican Republic created an atmosphere on the island where young athletes think about basketball now and not just baseball. The one thing with basketball, to be a player you must be ready to be educated. Not all will be NBA players, but they can change the cycle of their family through an education. If that alone touches a generation of young athletes, that would be worth more than a gold medal to me as a coach. I'm looking forward to seeing my UK guys again today., I want to thank all the fans of the Dominican Republic National Team and all the citizens of the Dominican Republic. The opportunity to coach your national team was an experience that I will remember forever. I grew from this experience, and my hope is the players and the federation benefited from our staff coaching the team the last two summers., Congratulations to Bill Leonard for winning Friday's giveaway. Bill, make sure you check your Facebook messages to claim your prize. -- CoachCal.com staff, Coach Cal's Dominican Republic team lost to Lithuania on Saturday, but they can still qualify for the Olympics with a win over Nigeria on Sunday at 8 p.m. ET. -- CoachCal.com staff, I’ve coached a lot of basketball games in my life, a bunch of Finals Fours and national championship games, and this will be one of those games that I remember. We were down 20 with a lot at stake and we still came back and won. I’m just really happy for the players and the team because they just showed a lot of pride, a lot of guts and a lot of toughness., Hope the Big Blue Nation is voting for Anthony and our team for the ESPYs!, I've been in South America nearly a week, and I can't tell you how much I miss the Big Blue Nation. Here's a little something to give back to the greatest fans in the country. I'll give this away to one of  my Facebook friends. You don't need to do anything to win. Hope everyone gets a chance to watch my Dominican Republic team tonight. We play Macedonia at 5:30 p.m. ET in the quarterfinals of the Olympic qualifier., I want to congratulate and wish Brandon Weems the best of luck in his new job at Drexel. Brandon will be joining Bruiser Flint's staff. Brandon has been an integral part of our staff the last few years and he will be missed. Good luck, Brandon!, Friends and fans of the Dominican Republic National Team, we didn’t play well today, but I'm proud of my team and can't wait to play Friday., Some of our new guys talked about how our first workouts are going. Good to hear we got in some conditioning today while I'm in South America with the Dominican team., Getting ready to play Korea in the World Olympic Qualifying Tournament. We play at 11:30 p.m. ET. You can watch us throughout the tournament at fibatv.com. Also, want to say congratulations and best of luck to CelebCalls.com on their national launch today! Thanks to the Big Blue Nation for supporting the site as part of the proceeds from my page benefit my foundation!, Before Coach took off for Venezuela, we taped an episode of the Mailbag with him. You'll want to watch this one as Coach opens up about his biggest fear. -- CoachCal.com staff, This was taken at our FIBA meetings yesterday. I always wanted to be in the United Nations, helping to fight world hunger and keep world peace., I'm finishing up "Unbroken" by Laura Hillenbrand. Let's hope we are smart enough to avoid war. I'm looking for some new reads. Send me your suggestions., Ran into Greivis Vasquez in Venezuela and he was excited about playing with Anthony Davis and Darius Miller. Thought New Orleans was a good fit for both., When I took this job, I said I wanted this program to be the gold standard, but I also said I wanted every kid to grow up dreaming of playing for Kentucky. We may not be there yet, but we’re darn close after Thursday., null, With the proud parents of Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist., Wow! What a night. So happy for all six guys making NBA Draft history tonight!, Big Blue Nation, it's draft night! I'm both excited and nervous. I'll be tweeting out some comments later on, but follow along with the CoachCal.com and UK Athletics staff as they live blog the draft tonight. Should be a great way for you to follow along and send in your comments. I've also given them some of my comments and predictions ahead of time, so tune in for that at 7., I’m so proud of Anthony. To become the Male Athlete of the Year in the greatest conference in the country is truly a remarkable achievement. Anthony did it by becoming the ultimate team player. He deferred to his teammates, put the team before himself and dedicated himself to becoming the best player in the country. I couldn’t be happier for Anthony and I’m looking forward to watching him achieve even greater things at the NBA level., I know how the Big Blue Nation loves practice reports so we did one on my site from our team workouts this week. We installed some of the Dribble Drive yesterday and our guys really went after it., Let's show the ESPY Awards the power of the Big Blue Nation and vote for Anthony and our team. We're nominated for Best Team, and Anthony is nominated for Best Male College Athlete and Best Breakthrough Athlete., I want to apologize to all the recruits this week. I'm spending the majority of my time answering questions from NBA teams about my six guys., Honored that Aaron's and Michael Waltrip are going to be donning our colors for the Quaker State 400 on Saturday at Kentucky Speedway. Michael and I are going to sign a pit crew shirt afterwards and give it away to a grand prize winner. Register to win at http://www.aarons.com/t-ukcrew_sweep.aspx?utm_source=UKAthleticsandCoachCal&utm_medium=banner&utm_content=300x250&utm_campaign=UKCrewShirt., With Orlando and Del after winning Centrobasket gold last night!, About to hop on a plane and head back to Kentucky. Proud of what our Dominican team accomplished tonight. This team has come together and become brothers in a short period of time. It’s amazing to sit and watch them respond to the coaching the way they have. To win gold for a country that is so deserving is a great feeling and I’m looking forward to continuing our run next week., So proud of LeBron James. They said he was the best player to never win a title. Now where does he stand?, Today is my 26th wedding anniversary. I love you, Ellen! Of course, I have to catch a four-hour flight to Puerto Rico. I'm coaching the Dominican Republic National Team tonight vs. the Virgin Islands and I brought a few DVDs with me for the trip. Should I watch the National Semifinal game or the National Championship game first? If you're looking for something to watch, I suggest giving this week's episode of the Mailbag a view., About to start the final stop of our Satellite Camp Tour. We've had a blast traveling across the state to meet and teach the Commonwealth's youth. Before we got to Bardstown, I had to make a stop at Abbey of Our Lady of Gethsemani., The Lexington Race for the Cure is October 6, at 9am starting at CentrePointe. Registration is now open!

Seventy five percent of the funds Komen Lexington raises help men and women in KY to get screening, education and treatment. The remaining 25% is invested into research., Jon Hood with a few of our campers. Also, want to wish a special happy birthday to Frances Pulley, John Wall's mother. Happy birthday, Frances!, Proud of our guys for getting it done in the classroom., I really like the idea of this. Give our 2011-12 national championship team its official nickname in our CoachCal.com poll. I'm anxious to hear what the Big Blue Nation thinks., What a great day to be a dad. Got a card from my son Brad and a phone call from my two daughters, Erin and Megan. Happy Father's Day! Headed to Georgetown College to Team Focus to talk with a few sons without fathers. We also started our overnight camp today. Busy day! While Orlando Antigua is coaching the Dominican Republic in Puerto Rico, I stayed in Lexington to have two practices with my UK team both Saturday and Sunday. I was very impressed on how much we improved on day two after teaching a little of the Dribble Drive Motion to the new guys. Our returning guys looked good. Still missing three guys. Alex and Archie were really good. People are sleeping on Willie. He's a talented big man., Sunday is Father's Day and while I've been working with next year's team for the first time getting ready for the season, your Dad or father figure has been working hard everyday for you. Let me tell him how much you appreciate him! Check out my page on www.CelebCalls.com!, Our Father/Son Camp is going on this weekend. Take a look at what you missed at this past week's Satellite Camps. We'll have more next week., Orange Leaf is giving away a few T-shirts that I signed. You can enter here: http://a.pgtb.me/c5lM, Last week I announced that Ellen and I are starting a new foundation in Kentucky to make it easier for us to be involved in the community. Now I’d like to further educate everyone on how our charitable work has been, is and will be conducted., Our Dominican Republic team played an exhibition tonight at Northern Kentucky University and have another one tomorrow. I'm taking a look at all of our players so everyone will play tomorrow. I'm also bringing the championship trophy with us for anyone that wants to see it or touch it., We just arrived on the Northern Kentucky campus in their beautiful 10,000-seat arena. All I can tell you is wow, it is really nice. I hope to see the Big Blue Nation here tonight to support our Dominican team. We play Team Ignition at 8 p.m. in an exhibition game. Tickets are $12 and are available at the door. We'll also be back tomorrow night., What a great day to kick off our Satellite Camps. Had a blast in Corbin and Danville. We'll be on the road again tomorrow at Ryle High School and Campbell County Middle School., Headed to the Reds game tonight to see them take on the Tigers. It will be great to see my good friend Dusty Baker again. Also looking forward to seeing Jim Leyland, who I admire from my Pittsburgh days., To share or not to share, that is the question., Big Blue Nation, let's support Brianna as she battles kidney failure. She has started a fund raiser to help offset the cost of all the appointments and travel her family incurs.  
http://www.facebook.com/Uksweetheart, Our Dominican team is going to take on Team Ignition on Tuesday and Wednesday in Northern Kentucky. I hope some of our fans can make it out. Part of the proceeds will benefit my foundation., I wanted to let everyone know that Ellen and I are currently in the process of moving our foundation to Kentucky. We believe the move will be advantageous for everyone involved., Hearing that we're already 20 percent full for the John Calipari Basketball Fantasy Experience. I'm really excited for the participants as well as the foundation because of the good work that will come from the proceeds. If you're still interested, sign up before it's too late. People from around the country will be here., Our soldier and my good friend Kevin Massey had surgery a few days ago and is recovering right now. Big Blue Nation, let's keep him in our prayers., Really enjoying coaching this Dominican team. We are a lot farther along than we were last year., Wanted to share a few thoughts as we begin our training with the Dominican Republic National Team. Also, happy birthday to Al Horford, and fantastic season by our baseball team this year. The Big Blue Nation should be proud of what Gary and his boys accomplished this season. , Happy to announce my book club has partnered with the Lexington Public Library so you can pick up a copy of my recommendations. Copies of the books are available at any of the six Lexington branches. Now go read! , Look who I ran into after a workout in Destin. Not only is Pat Summitt a Presidential Medal of Freedom recipient, she's the best college basketball coach in the modern era., I'm pleased to announce we'll be playing Notre Dame in the 2012 SEC/Big East Challenge. Playing in South Bend will be a huge challenge for our young team. , Congratulations to Bryan Conway for winning yesterday's giveaway. Bryan, please check your Facebook messages to claim your prize. -- CoachCal.com staff, It seems like it's been two weeks since I gave away some free stuff to the Big Blue Nation. If that's the case, it's been two weeks too long. I'm going to give away both a signed John R. Wooden program and a signed Wayman Tisdale flyer to one of my Facebook friends. I signed the Wooden program and Anthony signed the flyer. I'll announce the winner tomorrow., Every summer, after I have some time to sit down by myself to reflect on the previous year and plan ahead for the next season, I write a letter and give it to my players. The idea is to deliver a message of my expectations, goals and dreams for them. Some of the letter remains the same from year to year, but the bulk of the message is new. I like to send it to the guys over the summer to give them time to get mentally prepared for what lies ahead. , Big Blue Nation, let's send out prayers and blessings to all those who died preserving our freedom and also those who served 
and currently serve. TRUE HEROS!, Congrats to Dario Franchitti and Ashley Judd on winning the Indy 500. I saw it was your third time. I know you both are pulling for UK to win No. 9., How about Rajon Rondo? Man, I wish I could have coached him. I loved hearing M-V-P when he was shooting those free throws., Coach Cal talks schedule, next year's team, his faith, his Dominican team and more in a "Conversation With Coach Cal" on WKYT tonight at 8 p.m. ET. For those of you outside of the WKYT footprint, they have offered us the live stream for all of Big Blue Nation to watch. -- CoachCal.com staff , Looking forward to coming to Louisville on June 9 to team up with Men Building Men to raise awareness of the challenges that young men facing growing up in today’s society., When it comes to scheduling. I want to create experiences, not just games., I'm so proud of all our former players. Did you see Eric Bledsoe in the playoffs? I loved it! How can you not be proud of these guys?, I'm so excited to hear that Brandon Knight made the NBA All-Rookie First Team. An unbelievable worker and even better young man., We need more questions for the next few episodes of the CoachCal.com Mailbag. Post your questions for Coach below. Remember, you can ask him anything. -- CoachCal.com staff, My good friend Bridgett Correale lost her battle with cancer. She and Vinnie were married for over 50 years. Together they owned and operated Brooklyn Pizza in Memphis. My prayers and thoughts go out to their family. We lost a good woman., With Lou Holtz at the Dick Vitale Gala., Congratulations to Taryn Edington for winning yesterday's Coach Cal giveaway. Taryn, please check your Facebook messages to claim your prize. -- CoachCal.com staff., Good to be back in Lexington. Feeling like giving something away, so who wants my signed Kentucky Derby pass? I'll announce the winner tomorrow., Being nontraditional is part of our tradition. It always has been and always will be a pillar of Kentucky basketball. , Still enjoying a little time with the family near the ocean, but I'll be headed back to Lexington tomorrow. Before we left, we shot several episodes for the Mailbag. I really enjoyed this one because I got to talk about the top characteristics of an effective leader. , Happy Mother’s Day to all those mothers who have both worked, raised their families and run their households. A special blessing to all those mothers who have sacrificed their careers for their families, their children and their home., Looking at the ocean and thinking. Our dreams have no boundaries and are only limited to our actions and habits!, I’m really honored that the Dominican federation and Eduardo Najri and Jose Miguel Bonetti  have once again asked me to coach their national team. It was a wonderful learning experience last time that turned out successful for both the Dominican Republic and my staff. , With my two favorite little girls., Thanks again to the Big Blue Nation for leading UK to its seventh straight attendance title and 16th in the 17 years. Big Blue Nation has true meaning as an NCAA record total of 885,953 fans watched our 40 games this season, breaking Syracuse’s 1989 record. We have a responsibility to provide the BBN the opportunity to see us play. That means not just games but experiences in large arenas. The way our future schedules are coming together, we might shatter that record in the near future. , Spending a little downtime with Ellen before starting up preparations for the new season. While sitting here, this thought came to mind: "If the mailman reacted to every barking dog, he would never get the mail delivered.", Big Blue Nation, let's all wish Jon Hood a happy birthday today!, Big Blue Nation, make sure you wish Jarrod Polson a happy birthday!!, We taped another edition of the CoachCal.com Mailbag with Coach last week. See if Coach Cal answered your question, and stay tuned for next week's episode. -- CoachCal.com staff , Can anyone identify the three people in this photo from left to right? Hint: 1948, I promised the Big Blue Nation a post on the schedule. Here it is: Forming a nontraditional schedule for a nontraditional program. , Congrats to our two senior managers Will Martin and Brett Miller on their graduation., What an exhilarating three days. White House, Derby, and watching Darius and Eloy graduate. How blessed can one person be?, I want to congratulate Darius and Eloy on graduating and walking today at Rupp. I'm going to be there to soak it in and enjoy their achievement. To be able to win a national title and obtain your degree through hard work and perseverance means you truly did it on and off the court. Hats off to both Darius and Eloy. I can't tell you how proud I am., Happy Birthday to my long-time assistant Lunetha Pryor. She's been with me since Memphis and I'm glad she enjoyed the trip to the White House I heard she wouldn't let go of President Obama when he shook her hand. I'm happy she was part of the staff's first championship. Happy Bday!, One last post before I head to bed. Still soaking up the memories from today. Looks like all of our guys did as well. , Everyone thinks I was nervous today and looked tight. I was! The reason my speech was so short is I couldn't breathe. I was next to the Leader of the Free World. Come on!. Just finished up at the Barnstable Brown Party in Louisville and going to make a quick stop at Orange Leaf on Bardstown Road. After my stop at Orange Leaf, I'm headed back to Lexington. Got a long day tomorrow. RIDERS UP! , Wow, what an unbelievable experience today. Humbled and honored to meet the president today, but even happier for our guys. Didn't our guys look good today? Thanks to Men's Wearhouse for such a quick turnaround., I want to thank Mitch Barnhart, Dr. Capilouto and UK for awarding me and my staff with new contracts. Can't believe it's been three years. As far as the schedule, the BBN will be pleased with the final results. We are not done yet. We will talk more about the schedule on my website Sunday. Today is about the White House and meeting POTUS and tomorrow is about Derby. Headed to the White House now. I'm excited for our players. You can watch a live stream of our visit at 4:50 p.m. using the link below., We started the Mailbag back up this week and will have episodes throughout May. Check out the first one, especially if you're going to the Derby on Saturday. , What an honor it is for my staff and myself to be a part of the Kentucky Derby Pegasus Parade in Louisville as honorary grand marshals. With Mike Berry, president of the Kentucky Derby Festival, and Greg Fischer, Louisville's mayor. Thanks for having us., Notice anything different here, Big Blue Nation?, Congratulations to Jessica Young, Allen Gibson and Darrell Skinner for winning yesterday's giveaway. Jessica, Allen and Darrell, make sure you check your messages to claim your prize., More giveaways for my friends on Facebook. Anthony signed a few flyers for me after going to the Wayman Tisdale Awards a few weeks ago. I'm going to give one to three of my friends on here just for following. Make sure you check your Facebook inbox later tonight to see if you've won., We have been invited to visit the White House on Friday. The amazing thing is the first thing that was said when the horn sounded in New Orleans was, "We’re going to the White House!" It’s one of those moments for these players that they have probably thought about without us even knowing that it was important to them. So I’m excited about the opportunity for them to meet the President of the United States, the Leader of the Free World and someone who is trying to make a difference in their lives., How about this version of the trophy? It's a cake! David Worlock said now I can have my cake and eat it too., If you didn't post a question for Coach last week, you have one final shot. We plan on taping a couple of episodes of the CoachCal.com Mailbag this week, so make sure you get those questions in. You can post them in the comments section below. -- CoachCal.com staff, Tough night. I talked to the Rose family and I truly believe if anyone can come back from this injury even stronger its Derrick., Congratulations to Winston Guy and Danny Trevathan on getting drafted. Have a feeling both are going to do well in the NFL., Glad to see our players did so well in the NBA this season. Can't wait to watch the playoffs, and really can't wait to see another six of our guys in the NBA next year. , We hope to start the CoachCal.com Mailbag back up next week. Send me your question -- any question -- in the comments below and maybe I'll answer yours on camera., Landed back in Lexington from Birmingham. I was asked if I sleep with the trophy. I immediately answered no, but it actually sits next to my bed., Was in Birmingham tonight at Samford's campus for the Bulldog Bash. Martin Newton, our former director of basketball operations, is the athletic director there. I'm so proud and happy for him.  Had a great time tonight. Here is a picture with the Samford coaches., Really enjoying the "Championship Moments" series we're doing on my website. Love to look back and see the maturation and development of our team. , Congratulations to Tim Asher, our hard-working, talented video coordinator who was named Basketball Video Coordinator of the Year by the Collegiate Sports Video Association. Tim is the best in the business., Rod Strickland, who has been with me for seven years and entertained joining Larry Brown and the SMU coaching staff, has decided to stay at UK. He loves Coach Brown, as do I, and he enjoyed the process, but he decided to stay here, which I’m very happy about., So I was wrong about my strike to home plate going 85 miles per hour last night. I was told after the radar guns were showing 90! Don't believe me? Watch for yourself. In all seriousness, our staff had a great time at the Reds game last night. Thanks again to the Reds. , Congratulations to all our student-athletes for their accomplishments this year. I'm happy for everyone that won an award tonight, but this year was really a great year for everybody in our department. The CATSPYs really are one of the best events of the year, and I'm glad Mitch Barnhart has a special way to honor the people that make our program. http://www.coachcal.com/14062/2012/04/mens-basketball-dominates-annual-catspy-awards-with-video/, Congrats to Gary Henderson and UK baseball on the 7-6 victory over LSU to win the series., Ellen and I just arrived to the Blue/White football game at Commonwealth Stadium. I told her she can't jinx this game., We're bringing the national title trophy north to Cincinnati! The Reds are hosting our team prior to Tuesday's game at Great American Ball Park at 7:10 p.m. Hope to see the Big Blue Nation there! , While I was talking to Tom Crean yesterday, Omar, and IU fan, came up to us and congratulated me on the season and the national title. He immediately switched topics, saying it's now over for UK because Indiana is number one. I told Tom, looks like the pressure is on at IU., On the plane headed out recruiting, I had time to reflect on what this past year's team accomplished. I want to thank the players for winning the title for this state, school and our fans. Thank you for what you have done for my family., For those of you still searching for photos from last week's national championship trophy tour, you can find and download your picture directly from chetwhite.zenfolio.com., Big Blue Nation, you've got another chance to see and take a picture with the national championship trophy on Saturday, first from noon to 2 p.m. at Cliff Hagan Stadium before the UK-LSU baseball game (must have a ticket to the game!), and then from 4 to 6 p.m. at the UK Alumni Association tent at Commonwealth Stadium before the Blue/White Game. , We received two great packages today in the men's basketball office. Any guesses what they were? OK, I can't wait to tell you. One of them was the NABC National Championship trophy, and the other was a national letter of intent from Nerlens Noel. I’ve been blessed three times in my career to have a player that can change the game without really scoring with Marcus Camby, Anthony Davis and now Nerlens Noel. I will tell you that Nerlens, just like Anthony, is not a finished product. He’s got a lot of work to do and we have a lot of work to do to get him to where I think he’s capable of being, but he is a special player who I am ecstatic to have an opportunity to work with. , Ellen and I made a stop in Louisville yesterday at Papa John's headquarters with the trophy. There were a lot of people excited to take pictures. It was great to have a chance to visit with John and Annette Schnatter. If anyone has pictures, I'd love to share them., Thanks to Peggy Frost Elliott for the book recommendation of "Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival." I've heard good things about it so I'm going to go out and buy it over the next few days. Appreciate everyone's suggestions. , Anthony Davis, Doron Lamb and Darius Miller will be helping at our Pro Camps on Aug. 1-2. Terrence Jones, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, Marquis Teague and Eloy Vargas will be at the Pro Camps Aug. 3-4. If you need more details or want to know how to register, head to my website. I hope to see the Big Blue Nation there. , Hey Big Blue Nation, Papa John's Pizza is giving away UK posters with purchase of the Champion Meal Deal at all Lexington locations. Carryout only. Take a look at the first one., Got word that both Edgar Sosa & Al Horford have been cleared to play and are 100%. This news has absolutely made my day. Two years ago, I said if our team won a title & not one of my players were drafted that I would be happy for our fans but I'd be disappointed. Doesn't look like I have any reason to be disappointed., I said it three years ago. During the season, it is about our team. You saw it in this year’s team. They were about each other. It is about how we play together, how we share. When the season is over, it is about moments like this. It is about these young people getting with their families and getting information to make a decision about their future. I'm happy for all five of the guys today, and for Darius Miller and Eloy Vargas. This was a special group and we should all be proud of them, Big Blue Nation. , Before we get to this evening's press conference, wanted to let the Big Blue Nation know I already finished "Lead with LUV" from Ken Blanchard and Colleen Barrett. It's a great read about people who lead with a servant heart, a trait that I believe in. It was a quick read so I knocked it to and from the Wayman Tisdale Awards last night in Oklahoma City. I'm also finishing up "Live the Dream: No More Excuses" from Larry Winters, a very uplifting book with a spiritual component. Anyone down on their luck, it's a great read for you. I'm currently going through some recommendations for my next reads. I'll let you know when I find some new books. Remember, you can leave me suggestions on the Book Club. 
, For those asking about coverage of tonight's press conference, we've compiled broadcast info here. , I hope the Big Blue Nation has had a chance to pick up the 2011-12 Official Kentucky Basketball Season in Review in stores. , At the Wayman Tisdale Awards, where Anthony is picking up his freshman of the year award from the U.S. Basketball Writers Association. I had to take a picture with both of Anthony's grandmothers. Wonderful ladies., Picked up a few more quick reads by one of mentors, Ken Blachard. The first one is "Helping People Win at Work" and the other is "Lead with LUV." I’m still trying to get through the "Seven Storey Mountain." It’s truly a man’s spiritual journey from the abyss to the monastery. It’s not one of those reads that I would sit down and read for four hours at a time. I’m reading it in pieces, taking in four or five pages a day. , Last week I asked the Big Blue Nation to send me their written responses detailing what made this team so special, and you came through. Thousands of you wrote in with great answers. It’s helped my staff and I get a better perspective as to why we were able to do what we did. We went through the responses and have selected four winners: Cheryl Powell Klein, Marc Bridges, Terrell Anderson and Pamela Branham Trogdon. Not meaning to offend anybody, but those four stood out in my mind, and they were all somewhat different, which is why I chose them. Each have a won a framed, limited edition pic of the national title game. They will be contacted by my staff on their Facebook accounts, so Cheryl, Marc, Terrell and Pamela, make sure you check your messages. , Getting back into my books now that the season is over. Going to read Larry Winters' "Live the Dream: No More Excuses." Larry went from working at a car wash to running a multi-million dollar business. He talks about how he did it and his lessons along the way. I'm anxious to read it. , Men's tennis is the fourth UK team to bring home a conference title in 2011-12. What a year. How bout our softball and baseball teams?, It’s not what you say or how you say it that people will remember.  It’s how you make them feel. I hope on our trophy tour we made the Big Blue Nation feel important, special and showed we cared about them. They were truly a part of what was accomplished. I hope that’s what they remember!, 1,000 miles later, we are back in Lexington. You people are nuts. Thank you to everyone who came out the last two days. Don’t forget the trophy (only) continues tomorrow in Lexington (Verizon Hamburg from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.) and Louisville (Verizon Old Brownsboro Crossing from 4 p.m. to 7 p.m.). I hope everyone in Lexington and Louisville will make it out to Verizon to get a picture with the trophy. If you had a picture taken with us over the last two days, you will be able to download them at chetwhite.zenfolio.com. It might take a couple of days for my staff to get them up, so please be patient. Alright, Big Blue Nation, it's time for me to put my toes up and get some rest. Goodnight. , Hope the Big Blue Nation has been keeping up with our National Championship Trophy Tour presented by Verizon Wireless on my site. My staff has video, photos, stories and more. It's been an unbelievable experience. Everywhere we go the crowds get bigger. This trip is something I will never forget. , Sorry, folks, if I was a little quiet today on Facebook. It was a busy day one of our national championship trophy tour. The whole day has been unbelievable. It's once again showed me how much this team, how much these players mean to the Commonwealth. We had people honking their horns, standing on cars and waiting in line for hours. When we left Ashland I thought there was no way the crowds could get any bigger. And then there were 2,000 people in Pikeville and another 3,000 in Hazard. You people are nuts, and I love it! It's what this state is all about. Western Kentucky, can you match what Eastern Kentucky did today? We've got a great recap on my site of everything that happened today. I hope you'll check it out. , We are proud to announce the dates & info for our 2012 Pro Camps, August 1-4, With the big day I almost missed my good friend Kyle Pezzi's birthday. Kyle, I pray for you every day. Happy birthday, big guy!, Big Blue Nation, I need your help. I need you to put together what you think made this team different from the other teams I’ve coached or other teams around the country that you watched. When you watched us play, what were the things that made you say, “Wow!” The four best answers – chosen by myself and my staff – will win a framed picture of the championship game. Your responses must be posted on the comments section on CoachCal.com in order to be eligible. I'm anxious to hear what the Big Blue Nation thinks. , Couple of time changes tomorrow for our National Championship Trophy Tour presented by Verizon Wireless. We'll be in Ashland at noon ET and Pikeville at 2:30 p.m. ET. , For fans interested in seeing us off on Friday, the train will now leave from Buchanan Street off W. Main Street near Rupp Arena at 10:30 a.m., On Thursday, my staff and I will start the National Championship Trophy Tour presented by Verizon Wireless in Ashland, Pikeville and Hazard. On Friday, the tour will hit four cities in Central and Western Kentucky: Frankfort, Elizabethtown, Owensboro and Paducah. The tour will conclude on Saturday with the TROPHY ONLY at Verizon stores in Lexington (Hamburg) & Louisville (Old Brownsboro Crossing). Check out my website for the times and addresses of the stops. , We're going to have several giveaways over the coming weeks as I catch up on a few things and clean off my desk. The first things I want to give away are my signed Boston Celtics passes from last week. You don't need to do anything to win other than check your inbox in case you're randomly selected. Make sure you're keeping up with my Facebook page as well as my Twitter account (@UKCoachCalipari) and my website's Twitter account (@CoachCalDotCom) for all the giveaways., Just finished "The Secret of Teams - What Great Teams Know and Do" by Mark Miller on the West Coast trip. Interesting stuff. Great book on building high-performing teams based on talent, a skill set of hard work, and community and family. A lot of it confirmed what we try to do here. I’m going to be reloading on my book list soon. I’ll give you an update when I do., Big Blue Nation, let’s send our thoughts and prayers to Elaine Sortino, the longtime softball coach at UMass, who is battling cancer. Elaine was coaching when I was there. She’s a great coach, administrator, and more importantly, a great friend. I’m thinking about you, Elaine., I can't believe they caught me trying to dance! I was just so happy for our players. , I hope everyone had a Happy Easter., I caught up with my two sons Patrick Patterson and Eric Bledsoe after Patrick's game last night. It was great to see them both and I'm so proud they are doing well., Looking forward to getting back to Boston. Love staying on the back bay at the Colonnade and eating at Brasserie Jo's! You think you are stayin with friends. Found my wife's son in L.A., DeMarcus Cousins. Going try to catch the second half of Patrick Patterson's game after the Wooden dinner., At lunch today with my baby girl, Megan., I'm so glad we could bring home another banner for the Big Blue Nation. If you didn't get to watch us unfurl it yesterday, you can relive yesterday's celebration on CoachCal.com. , Big Blue Nation, breathe. Relax. Enjoy the championship. I'm not going anywhere. , So blessed to be a part of the banner unveiling today. You people never cease to amaze me. I'm glad we got to celebrate with the Big Blue Nation. If you want to read about how some of our guys celebrated last night, check out this story on my website. I think you guys are going to like it. , We are about to pull in to Rupp Arena right now for our national championship celebration. Watch here: http://www.ukathletics.com/allaccess/?media=313925, null, My first call this morning was from Billy Donovan, giving me advice on all the aftermath that I will have to deal with from winning a title. Billy has been a great friend and I really appreciated his call. We just boarded the plane and should be leaving for Lexington soon., I can't wait to see the Big Blue Nation at Rupp Arena for our title celebration at 3:30 p.m. Here are the details: , NCAA Championship gear now available through the UK Team Shop, including the locker room celebration gear, Congratulations, #BBN! I'm so happy we could bring home No. 8. Remember, let's celebrate with the class and respect of a national champion., Congrats Cats! Kentucky brings home #8. We've set up a page for you at CoachCal.com to leave your message for the team. Remember, be safe and be respectful while celebrating! - CoachCal.com Staff, Just returned to the hotel from shootaround. Make sure you join me in wishing Brian Long a happy birthday today. Big Blue Nation, it's been a great season. I'm so proud of these players and how hard they've worked. I love every one of them like my sons. They've dragged us to this point, so let's honor them with pride and respect. Be safe tonight and let's show why we have the classiest fans., Headed to shootaround and just heard that our baseball team is ranked No. 1 in the country. I'm so proud of Gary and his team. #WeAreUK, With Earl "the Pearl" Monroe after Anthony Davis won the Naismith Trophy. When I was playing, Earl was that guy., Big Blue Nation, I'm as happy as anyone for our players to win, but please celebrate safely tonight. Remember, we still have one more to go., Let's not forget Bill Keightley, who passed away four years ago today. I wish he was on the bench with us. He'd be so proud of these guys. , Get a good night's sleep, Big Blue Nation. Relax and enjoy the ride. Don't stay out too late tonight. We need you to be loud tomorrow., Pretty cool idea my staff came up with for my website. We want to see how you're enjoying this Final Four weekend because I know it means a lot to the Big Blue Nation. You can send my staff pictures of what you're doing this to celebrate this weekend to FanZone@CoachCal.com and we'll post some of them on CoachCal.com. , Congrats to Anthony on winning AP Player of the Year today. I'm glad he got to meet the Big O today when he received the Oscar Robertson Trophy earlier this morning. He's a special kid and I'm proud of him. Big Blue Nation, you can still help him win the Naismith Trophy. Text VOTE to 34763. Voting closes Saturday at 11:59 p.m. ET. , I'm so proud to have my third son win the Rupp National Player of Year Award. Marcus Camby, John Wall and now Anthony Davis., Wow, I can't believe how much of the Big Blue Nation is already in New Orleans. You people are nuts!, We have an exciting weekend ahead. Please cheer on the team in a responsible and safe manner. Show them the Big Blue Nation is a class act., Big Blue Nation, show your support for our players this week by changing your timeline to this picture. And make sure you're wearing blue all week., Happy for Anthony that he's getting recognized for his play this year. He takes the fourth-most shots on our team and yet he may be the best player in the country. Think about that. But at the end of the day, Anthony knows none of that matters right now. , Congrats to Coach Mitchell and our women's team on advancing to the Elite Eight with a win over Gonzaga. Goodnight, Big Blue Nation!, Folks, please kick back, relax and enjoy the ride. It's been a great run. We're going to play a basketball game in New Orleans on Saturday. That's it., Big Blue Nation, take a deep breath. Let's just worry about us playing our best. Let these kids enjoy this win and you should too., Good shootaround this morning. BBN, if you can't make it to CATlanta, make sure you watch us on CBS at 2:20 pm ET., BBN, time to turn in for the night. Make sure you get your rest. Big game tomorrow against a terrific team with great players., Big game tonight, Big Blue Nation. We're on CBS at 9:45 p.m. ET. Do they still call it CATLANTA? Looks like a lot of blue is here., Headed from our practice at Georgia Tech to the Georgia Dome, where we'll have an open practice at 3:10 p.m. Hope to see the Big Blue Nation there!, We surprised Darius with birthday brownies from Mrs. Cal on the plane. I'm sure he'll share them with his teammates. Heading to Atlanta., Incredible game last night between DK and Bru. This picture shows the true meaning of family., Big Blue Nation, make sure you wish Darius Miller a happy birthday today., Wanted to give the Big Blue Nation an exclusive peak at our locker room plans for Rupp Arena. Hope you like them. , On the road recruiting today. Watched two tapes on the way there and I'll watch two more on the way back. Great thinking time -- no phones!!! Headed back to Lexington. We'll practice at 4 p.m. Time to get to work. Also, congrats to Anthony Davis for winning the Oscar Robertson Trophy. , Had the guys over to the house and watched a little tape. Gave them the day off from basketball.  We've played five high-level games in eight days., Been to a lot of tourney sites over the years and the Louisville site was run as good as any I've ever been to. A great building and great staff. Also, congrats to Coach Henderson and his team on a sweep of the defending national champions. 21-0! , Beautiful day in Lexington. Might check to see if the guys want to go see our baseball team go for a sweep over No. 2 South Carolina at 1 p.m. today., I want to thank the fans for supporting the NCAA tournament in Louisville, especially the Big Blue Nation. Who's going to Atlanta?, Team meal shortly before getting ready for the game. We're on CBS at 7:45 p.m. Folks, we've got our hands full. Going to be a tough game., Being Catholic, I had to find a place to have fish last night. Had a great dinner at Jeff Ruby's with Jeff and the staff. The seabass was unreal. How about our baseball team last night? Congrats to Gary and his kids. Good luck to Matthew and our women's team today. They play at 4:25 p.m. ET on ESPN2, Great turnout by the Big Blue Nation. Glad to be watching tape today preparing for another game. We have a tough challenge in front of us on Saturday. Would love to be in Lexington to watch our undefeated baseball team tonight. We host defending champion South Carolina at 7 p.m. ET., Getting ready for our game at 6:50 p.m. ET. We'll be on TBS. Remember, Big Blue Nation, enjoy the ride!, The NCAA Tournament is upon us. Let your friends know with a personal call from me tomorrow. Partial proceeds will go to my foundation. , Looked like a packed blue house today. We had already practiced this morning so we did a lot of shooting for the fans. Thanks for all the support., How great is it that three of the four NCAA teams from Kentucky are playing at one site? Big Blue Nation, make sure you make the early session too and cheer for them all., My good friend Bob Rotella came in town last night and brought along a true winner Keegan Bradley along with the Wanamaker Trophy he won. Here's a picture of Bob, Keegan, Larry Brown and the Wanamaker Trophy, all true champions. Also, as I’ve said before, I have the greatest job in basketball at any level. Why would I be interested in another job? I love being the coach of the Commonwealth’s Team. To the Big Blue Nation and all the recruits that are coming or want to come, I will be at Kentucky., Wow, Kyle Wiltjer hit 76 shots in our five-minute shooting drill today, a new record. He only missed six shots!, Congratulations to Anthony Davis for winning the Wayman Tisdale Award., Anyone out there want my signed SEC Tournament pass? I'll be giving it away later today to one of my Facebook friends. In the meantime, I'm catching up on a little rest before we get back at it tomorrow. I gave the team the day off today after three games in three days., Headed to the arena. Big Blue Nation, make sure you wish Anthony Davis a happy birthday. He turns 19 today! Mrs. Cal said the brownies are ready for when we get back tonight. Our game is on ABC, by the way., Went to mass after the game at St. Louis cathedral and I'm proud to say it was painted blue too. It was full of good Kentucky catholics., Thanks for everyone's support with the Kentucky Cares campaign. After today's telethon, heard they've raised $422,000. , Hats off to Trent Johnson and LSU today. I thought they played great. They had a great game plan, played physical and did what they had to do to give them a chance to win. This was a good game for us. And you fans today -- wow! It was like Rupp Arena south. , I've talked before about a Lexington-based company that is changing the world through playing their new game, WeTopia. Check out how WeTopia players are helping one special member of the Big Blue Nation in this video (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHkpPX1HY2w), and play WeTopia here: http://wtp.io/wh4W53, From CoachCal.com staff: Today's game is on the SEC Network, on ESPNU, plus you can watch online at ESPN3.com. Also have a live blog at http://www.coachcal.com/11883/2012/03/sec-tournament-live-blog-kentucky-vs-lsu-quarterfinals/., Wow! Five people have already matched my donation of $10,000 for the Kentucky Cares telethon. Let's not stop there. The next five people that match my donation of $10,000 will join Ellen and I for lunch and a tour of the New Wildcat Coal Lodge. That's 10 matching donations total. Remember, you can call 800-500-1513 or try 859-299-5455. Let's see how fast we can get five more matching donations., While you watch today's SEC tourney games on WKYT, Kentucky Cares is making it easy to help those in our state affected by last week’s tornadoes. From now until to 7 p.m. ET, operators will be standing by to take donations for the American Red Cross. The first five callers to match our donation of $10,000 will join Ellen and I for lunch and a personal tour of the NEW Wildcat Coal Lodge. Mitch Barnhart and his wife, Ellen, will also join us for lunch. The telethon number is 800-500-1513 or 859-299-5455. Also, the Kentucky Cares warm-ups our players are wearing today will go on sale at Fan Outfitters immediately following the game. Partial proceeds will go to Red Cross., You fans are nuts! Big Blue Nation is everywhere in New Orleans. Looking forward to hear "Go Big Blue" chants tomorrow., At the airport, getting set to leave for the SEC Tournament in New Orleans. How many of our fans will be there?, Nice! Bluegrass Hospitality Group donated $10k to Kentucky Cares. Donate through their link and they'll match every $1 you donate with one reward point. , Congrats to all of our SEC award winners. Also, congrats to Coach Hall and Jim Host on being inducted into the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame in November. Quite a day for our program. , Loved the new cover of ESPN The Magazine with Darius Miller, Terrence Jones, Michael Kidd-Gillchrist, Doron Lamb, Anthony Davis and Marquis Teague. The issue will be available on newsstands Friday., Said a prayer today for the troops of the 1204th Aviation Battalion in Kuwait. I hope they saw that Anthony Davis made those 3s he promised., Congratulations to Darius Miller for making the SEC Community Service Team today. Proud of what he's done for this team and this state during his four years here. Also, congrats to Spider-man (Anthony Davis) for winning SEC Freshman of the Week. , While you’re watching Friday’s SEC Tournament games on WKYT, Kentucky Cares is making it easy to help those in our state affected by last week’s tornadoes. On Friday, from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET, operators will be standing by to take donations for the American Red Cross. The phone number will be displayed at 10 a.m. The first five callers – starting at 10 a.m. – to match our previous donation of $10,000 will join Ellen and I and for lunch and a personal tour of the NEW Wildcat Coal Lodge. Mitch and Connie Barnhart will also join us for lunch. , Got a new addition and recommendation to my Book Club. If you enjoy poetry and like basketball (which I know all of you do), check out Jack Ridl's "Losing Season." Jack's father, Buzz Ridl, coached at Westminster College and Pittsburgh. , Can't wait to see the Big Blue Nation in New Orleans. Heard they call it the Big Blue Easy when the Big Blue Nation comes to town. , Great win but more importantly help KENTUCKY CARES. Text Redcross to 90999 for a $10 donation or visit https://american.redcross.org/site/Donation2?4996.donation=form1&idb=557940440&df_id=4996., Thanks again to the Big Blue Nation on another great turnout on the road. Go Big Blue chants never get old. Let's enjoy the path., Game day. Saw a lot of UK fans in the hotel last night. We're on CBS at noon., Congrats to Dance Blue for raising $834,424.57 during this year's marathon!, Happy birthday to my good friend Bob Rotella. Wherever Bob is tonight, I know he is having positive thoughts. Also happy birthday to my father-in-law, Ray Higgins, from Osceola, Missouri. I hope you had a great birthday, Ray., Just boarding our flight to Gainesville. Good luck to Coach Mitchell and our women's team vs. LSU. They play at 4 p.m. ET on ESPNU. Also, I want to encourage everyone in the Big Blue Nation to do what they can to help with the relief efforts. Ellen and I will start by giving $10,000. Text Red Cross to 90999 for a $10 donation or visit the American Red Cross. , Hope everyone across the state has stayed safe today with this weather. We've got a great photo gallery of last night's Senior Night ceremony from Donna Gray. Proud of Eloy and Darius. , Let's send our seniors off with a win tonight. Senior Night ceremonies begin around 8:45 p.m. so make sure you are in your seat by then. And if you're watching from home, the ceremonies will be streamed online at ESPN3.com. The game will be televised on ESPN., Facebook is going to a different look for its fan pages. What does the Big Blue Nation think of Coach Cal's new page? -- CoachCal.com staff, null, Glad to see Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist are on the Naismith Trophy watch list. Both guys have been amazing. Think about this: At the end of the year Anthony is going to end up taking 200 shots less than most of the guys in consideration, yet he will probably have as big of an impact as anybody. They've both had a special year., Congrats to our UK Hoops players on their awards today. A'dia Mathies won SEC Player of the Year and Bria Goss SEC Freshman of the Year. Also, Keyla Snowden was named the SEC Co-6th Woman of the Year. Congrats, ladies. Well deserved., BBN, I wanted to share with you the great myth of our program. , I heard the Big Blue Nation wanted more behind-the-scenes video after our road trip features. Ask and you shall receive. Watch this one as Kyle Wiltjer and Jarrod Polson take you on a tour of our practice facility, the Joe Craft Center. I wish I would have been in my office when they stopped by. , Pleased to announce our Father/Son Camp will be held on Father’s Day weekend on June 15 and June 16. The camp is open to all fathers and sons ages 6-17, regardless of basketball experience. Sign up now before the spots fill up. , Looks like most of the Big Blue Nation got it right last night. Happy birthday to Marquis Teague. He's already picked up his brownies. Don't eat too many before practice, Marquis., My wife, Ellen, just reminded me that we have another birthday to celebrate tomorrow. She's already making the brownies. Can you guess who?, Big Blue Nation, heard we lost to Bob Huggins in the regional voting of the Infiniti Coaches’ Charity Challenge. As much as I wanted to win $100,000 for Samaritan’s Feet, the money still goes towards a great cause, plus we earned $5,000 for Samaritan’s Feet just for participating. Thank you for your support during the last six weeks. I know the folks at Samaritan’s Feet really appreciate it, as do I. Now I need your support for two more things. Voting for the country's best student section ends tomorrow. Vote at http://www.facebook.com/ilovecollegehoops?sk=app_148595948584796. Also Darius Miller and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist are in the finals for Dunk of the Year. You can vote for them at http://www.facebook.com/dunksoftheyear., Congrats to Anthony Davis for winning SEC Player of the Week and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist for winning SEC Freshman of the Week. Well deserved, guys. Let's keep getting better. , Happy Independence Day to all my friends back in the Dominican Republic., Less than three hours until voting closes for the Infiniti Coaches' Charity Challenge. We are down one percent! If we're going to make it to the Final Four and try to win $100,000 for Samaritan's Feet, I need you to go vote right now. And tell your friends to vote too. , Congratulations to WebMedley for winning an award last night at the Addy Awards for their work on my website. It's the second year in a row they've won. I hope the Big Blue Nation enjoys the content we have on CoachCal.com., Just heard that Coach Mitchell and our women's team will celebrate their SEC title tonight at 7 in Memorial. It's free and doors open at 6., Did you enjoy the game yesterday? Great day for college basketball fans. I hope you are enjoying the path. Good luck to Coach Mitchell and UK Hoops on the road at Mississippi State today. They play at 1:30 p.m. on ESPNU., BBN, early game at noon ET on CBS vs. Vandy. Big challenge today. Let's be extra loud. We have the rest of the day to recover., Good luck to John Wall, DeMarcus Cousins and Brandon Knight in tonight's Rising Stars Challenge Game. I know John and DeMarcus are looking forward to playing with each other again. The game is on at 9 p.m. on TNT., Big Blue Nation, please be respectful of our visitors Saturday. We reviewed the Tchiengang-Teague play from our first game and concluded it was not malicious. Let’s not make something bigger than it needs to be and show everyone why we have the best fans in the country., Wow!!! Congrats to Coach Mitchell and UK Hoops on clinching at least a share of their first SEC championship since 1982. Matthew has done an unbelievable job this year. Undefeated at home! And they can win the title outright on Sunday., Finished reading "Maestro" by Roger Nierenberg during our road game this weekend and a recruiting trip yesterday. I never realized how many similarities there are between coaches and conductors when it comes to leading a team. The only major difference is I'm trying to do it while running up and down a basketball court. I'm going to send it my friend Everett McCorvey, the director of opera at the UK School of Music. , Happy birthday to Rajon Rondo. What better present than being named today to the 2012 East All-Star team., I talked a little bit about my trip to the Super Bowl a couple of weeks ago in the latest episode of The Mailbag. Keep those questions coming. , Alright, Big Blue Nation, I really need your help in our final push to win the Infiniti Coaches' Charity Challenge. If we're going to win $100,000 for Samaritan's Feet, we've got to overcome Huggy Bear in the final week of the East Region voting to make the Final Four. We're down 3 percent right now, so vote every day, tell your friends and let's show everyone the power of the Big Blue Nation. We will also have a table set up at Rupp on Saturday for you to vote. I really want to win this thing so we can put a pair of shoes on every child. , Our guys continue to have a will to win. Headed back to Lexington. We'll have a well-deserved day off tomorrow., Who's ready for tonight's game? We're on ESPN at 9 p.m. ET. Sounds like it's going to be another Super Bowl., Congrats to DeAndre Liggins on his first NBA points and minutes tonight., Happy birthday to Orlando Antigua. Grateful to have him on our staff. I see someone took a chunk out of his Red Velvet cake. Was that you, Orlando?, BBN, what are you doing today? Toes up? If not, help me in the Infiniti Coaches' Charity Challenge. You can vote daily. , Our team after shoot around with Mike Tomlin, Randy Fichtner and Scottie Montgomery of the Pittsburgh Steelers., Big Blue Nation, it's game day. We host Ole Miss today at 4 p.m. ET on the SEC Network. , If you missed our open practice/scrimmage on Wednesday, CN2 in Kentucky is showing a replay tonight from 8-10., Only 130 pages left of the Truman book. It's been a fantastic read, but boy is it in depth. I just got through the part where Truman fired General MacArthur, which is another classic case of doing what's right even when it's not popular. I've also got 100 pages left of "Rediscover Catholicism" by Matthew Kelly. You do not have to be Catholic to read this book. I hope the Big Blue Nation is enjoying the Book Club. , Read a prayer today from a great artist today that really stuck with me. He said, “Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I can accomplish.” Who said it, Big Blue Nation?, Shout out to Patrick Patterson. I talked to some of the Houston Rockets staff and they absolutely love him, which I knew they would. The guys bragged to me for an hour about him. Proud of you, kid., Here are the interviews Dave Baker did with our players for yesterday's open practice/scrimmage on TV. Unfortunately we ran out of time to air them but I wanted to make sure the Big Blue Nation got to see them. Enjoy.  , Thanks to all the students, faculty and staff who came out today for our open practice. It was a great turnout and I hope everyone enjoyed it. For those of you who won the posters, Anthony Davis is not allowed to sign them because people have been selling them online. Big Blue Nation, I need you to make sure Anthony isn't signing those posters. It was a fun day and thanks again. Now it's time for the radio show., Getting in my run really quick before the open practice/scrimmage at 3 p.m. ET. You can watch on ESPNU, on WKYT in Lexington, and online at ESPN3.com and UKathletics.com., Man, the way DeMarcus Cousins and John Wall are playing lately, I must have held them back.  Proud of you guys., UK students/faculty/staff with valid ID may still pick up tickets to today's open practice at the UK Ticket Office from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. ET., We've got the latest episode of the Mailbag up. One of our great fans wanted to know who our most improved player was. That was tough for me to answer because all of our guys have improved, but I took my best stab at it. We'll have another episode next week. , Before I jump on this plane, Happy Valentine's Day to my wife. We had lunch before I left and I just want to say I love you, Ellen., After our initial distribution of the Anthony Davis posters last week, we now have a few hundred posters left and will randomly distribute what we have remaining to those in attendance at Wednesday's practice/scrimmage in Memorial Coliseum., Attention, Kentucky students, I need your help! The ticket distribution will be Tuesday from 9-4 at the Memorial Coliseum ticket windows located on Euclid Avenue. Tickets (one per ID) will be available to all current UK students and faculty/staff, as well as Bluegrass Community and Technical College students., If you want to wish your special someone a Happy Valentine's Day, I'd be happy to put in a call for you. Partial proceeds go to my foundation. , Here's the video from our Skype session today with the Kentucky National Guard soldiers stationed in Kuwait. #USA #WeAreUK , Congratulations to Marquis Teague for winning SEC Freshman of the Week. In the last month he’s really focused and listened and practiced hard and now all of a sudden he’s transformed into one of our typical point guards., Just got done speaking with the Kentucky Army National Guard 1204th Aviation Support Battalion in Kuwait via Skype. What an honor it was to sit with Governor Steve Beshear and Major General Edward W. Tonini and connect with our Kentucky troops who are making this country a safer place. You thought you were big UK fans -- these troops were nuts! I'm so glad Anthony Davis got to stop by for the troops to talk to him for a few minutes., I'm in a tight race with WVU's Bob Huggins. Make sure you vote once a day to help me win $100k for Samaritan's Feet to puts shoes on the feet of every child in Kentucky. Pass the word.  Let's separate from the pack and end this early., Good morning, Big Blue Nation. Make sure you join me in wishing Josh Harrellson a happy birthday today. Happy Birthday, Josh and get well soon., An SEC battle in a great atmosphere. I love hearing "Go Big Blue" on the road. Our fans are the greatest. Tonight our guys continued to have a will to win. Everyone played a big role in the game. How about Darius Miller late? Kyle Wiltjer gave us some huge minutes. Marquis Teague with eight assists and one turnover. What?! Michael Kidd-Gilchrist was key down the stretch. In the first half Terrence Jones carried us. Doron Lamb got us going vs. the zone. And Anthony Davis accepted the challenge and played 39 minutes. Goodnight and Go Big Blue! , Go Big Blue! Big Blue Nation, it's GameDay on the road in Nashville. Are you ready for the game tonight? Let's be loud and proud. We're on ESPN., Thanks for all the birthday wishes. Hard game this weekend. Got one of the greatest birthday messages today. Forget the past, you can't change it. Forget the future, you can't predict it. Forget the present, you didn't get one., Congratulations to future Wildcats Archie Goodwin and Alex Poythress for being selected to the McDonald's All American Game. I'm looking forward to coaching them next year along with Willie Cauley., BBN, how many people are going to the game on Saturday in Nashville? For those who asked, there are no more Anthony Davis posters available. It was a one-time limited edition promotional piece., Love hearing about our program's rich history. There have been a lot of great players to come through this program and Deron Feldhaus was certainly one of them. , Love when Dickie V is in town to call the game. We're on ESPN tonight against Florida at 7 p.m., Bidding closes tomorrow on my signed Air Force 1s I wore at LSU for the Coaches vs. Cancer game, plus a signed ball and two tickets to the Ole Miss game. Full proceeds go to Coaches vs. Cancer. , Who wants one of my autographed Super Bowl programs? If you're a fan of this page, you're eligible to win one of them. My staff is going to give out the other one on my website's Twitter handle @CoachCalDotCom., How about John Wall and DeMarcus Cousins combining for almost 60 points in two NBA wins tonight. I love it! Miss you guys., We are putting Anthony Davis posters in every seat at Rupp Arena on Tuesday night., Congratulations to Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist for being named to the Oscar Robertson Trophy midseason watch list, the USBWA's National Player of the Year Award. Also, congrats to Anthony for earning SEC Player of the Week honors. Busy day today with film, media, practice and the radio show. , Did you vote today? We are in a battle, tied for the lead. I'm in the East Region. Vote here: es.pn/CoachesCharity, We're going to be shooting another CoachCal.com Mailbag later this week. That means we need more questions from you. Post them below. You can ask me anything., My two favorite Erins., With my good friend Chris Berman. Gotta get him to Rupp Arena for a game soon., Spending the rest of the day with my dad and daughter, Erin. Taking them to the Super Bowl in Indy. Watching tape on the way here and back. Here's a picture of me with LeSean McCoy of the Philadelphia Eagles. I'm sure my man Bruiser will like this. He's a big Eagles fan., My baby girl Erin got her first publication and an NIH research grant. I can still remember her rolling around on the living room floor at age 1., Good morning, Big Blue Nation. Went to mass early today and prayed for the family of Charlie Spoonhour, who passed away last week. He was an unbelievable man and coach. I watched the tape of our game on the flight home from Columbia and now I'm headed into the office to get started on prep for our Florida game. We will practice earlier today, around 11:30, so the guys can have the rest of the day off. Good luck to our women's team today at LSU., The Big Blue Nation was unbelievable tonight. It was like a home game. We need to chant "Go Big Blue" at all of our games. Really pleased with our effort. Congratulations to Anthony Davis for breaking the single-season SEC freshman blocks record. Anytime you break a Shaq record, you've done something., Congrats to Dermontti Dawson, former UK & Steelers Offensive Lineman, on being elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Great guy, the honor is well deserved., I hear there are quite a few Big Blue fans in Columbia for today's game. If you couldn't make it here in person, we're on ESPN at 6 p.m., On the plane heading to South Carolina. Heard there are tickets available for tomorrow night's game. Big Blue Nation, you know what to do., We're hitting the road again today to go to South Carolina. Take a behind-the-scenes look at what a typical road trip looks like in the second part of an exclusive video feature from the LSU trip. , Guy Ramsey of UK's Cat Scratches asked today who would be the starting five if we combined my first three teams at UK. What do you think, Big Blue Nation? Better yet, what if we combined all of my teams at Kentucky, Memphis and UMass? I'm interested to hear the BBN's starting five. , Wow! My staff has some great behind-the-scenes video of the trip to LSU. It gives you a good sense of what it's like to be on the road with us and the routine we try to follow. Looking forward to seeing part two tomorrow. , I'm auctioning off the shoes I wore for the Coaches vs. Cancer game at LSU, along with a signed ball and two tickets to the Ole Miss game on Feb. 18. The shoes, which are Air Force 1s (I hear the kids like those), are signed as well. Full proceeds will benefit Coaches vs. Cancer. Let the bidding begin! , Really appreciate Coach Raveling speaking to my staff Monday. I'd like to share an email he sent me to the Big Blue Nation. His words of inspiration are why I try to take time out of my busy schedule to meet my friends and mentors., Congrats to Keith Bogans on signing with the New Jersey Nets. He'll love it. Kentucky now has 16 active players in the NBA., Huggy Bear is catching up. Let's not let him, Big Blue Nation. I really want to get that $100,000 for Samaritan's Feet, but I need your help to do it. Remember, you can vote once every 24 hours. , Good luck to our football staff today during Signing Day., Day off tomorrow. Looks like Terrence has already started. Toes up, eating Cheetos!, Big game tonight. We're on ESPNU. If you don't have that channel, I'm told you can watch the game on ESPN3.com. My staff will have a live blog as well. , Had a great dinner and talk with George Raveling last night at Sal's with my staff. Coach is the best and I really appreciate his insight. He brought me three books to read: Roger Nierenberg's "Maestro - A Surprising Story About Leading By Listening," Mark Miller's "The Secret of Teams - What Great Teams Know and Do," and Don Yaeger's "Greatness - The 16 Characteristics of True Champions." Coach Raveling is one of the great basketball minds out there. Make sure you check out his website http://coachgeorgeraveling.com/.
10 hours ago, Darius Miller has been nominated for Dunk of the Year. Cast your vote at facebook.com/DunksOfTheYear., On the SEC teleconference previewing this week's games. We also have media before practice today and the radio show tonight at 6 p.m., I know this is my third year at UK, but I'm still amazed at how the Big Blue Nation travels to road games. It was crazy after the game. #WeAreUK, Anybody going to be in Baton Rouge today? Big game today vs. LSU at 4 p.m. ET on the SEC Network. We have to tame a team full of these. This is a very good team we're about to face., Please join me in praying for the friends and family of Jon Fink, who lost his battle with cancer. His dad, Joe, is the faculty rep at UK., BBN, make sure you're watching PTI today. I'll be on with Tony Kornheiser and Michael Wilbon after practice at 5:30 p.m. ET. Always have a great time with those guys., Coach takes a trip down memory lane to talk about his playing days and discusses how to motivate young people in this week's Mailbag. -- CoachCal.com staff , We'll be wearing Nike Hyper Platinum uniforms for our game against Tennessee on Jan. 31. Here's what the uniforms will look like. What does Big Blue Nation think?, We're on ESPN tonight at 9 at Georgia. It's going to be another tough road environment., Third place?! Come on, Big Blue Nation, I know we can do better. Help us win $100,000 for Samaritan's Feet as we try to put a pair of shoes on every child. We need your help to do it. You can vote once every 24 hours. , After hearing all of your great feedback, I wanted to add one more thing about Truman: He's the first leader of a country to go back and help rebuild the countries he conquered. Just think about that. Again, sometimes leaders have to have the courage to do what's right, not what is always popular., Going to finish up the “Killing Lincoln” book on the road trips this week. Still working my way through the Truman book, which has been incredible. Did you know he was the first president to bring up the abolishment of the poll tax, which was used as a measure to prevent African-Americans from voting? People may say that was easy to do as a lame duck president, but he brought it up before he announced he was running for re-election. He also talked about Japanese-Americans getting reparations for what they had just gone through when the war had just ended. He showed the foresight and the courage to do what was right, not what was popular. , I want to encourage the Big Blue Nation to get out this week and donate some blood in the fourth annual Big Blue Slam between UK and Florida.
You can donate Monday-Friday at the Singletary Center at W.T. Young Library, Tuesday-Wednesday at the Anderson Building, and Thursday at the Johnson Center
Donors will receive a free T-shirt and $10 gift card, plus a chance to win an entertainment package, which includes a 50-inch 3D Smart TV., About to go on 790 The Zone in Atlanta with Tony Barnhart and Wes Durham at 10:30 a.m. ET. We need to start talking about how good the SEC is., Our women's team plays at 2 p.m. ET in Memorial and on the SEC Network. Had to make sure practice was later because the guys want to go to the game., Time to turn to WKYT-TV in Lexington for this week's edition of "This is Kentucky Basketball." It's also on FS South at noon ET., With my good friend John Maxwell. How many of you have read at least one of his books?, Looks like we have a battle on our hands. Let's win this for Samaritan’s Feet. Vote at http://es.pn/w4pjEV You can vote once a day!, In case you want to listen, I'm about to go on SiriusXM channel 91 at noon ET., Another set of really great questions in this episode of the Mailbag. Keep 'em coming! , With the two-game road trip last week and a day off today, I finished the Jack Kennedy book. Great read on a great man. Still reading “Killing Lincoln” and I’m 550 pages into the Truman book. Now it’s time to go watch some basketball tape! , I’m proud to once again represent Samaritan’s Feet in the Infiniti Coaches’ Charity Challenge. The challenge is a great way to bring awareness and add support for some outstanding community efforts going on around the country. If we win, a $100,000 donation will go to Samaritan’s Feet. It’s a great cause no matter who you vote for, but this year I want to encourage the Big Blue Nation to vote for Samaritan’s Feet as we try to put a pair of shoes on every child in this state, in this country and across the globe. Vote at http://es.pn/w4pjEV., BBN, join me in sending out prayers to Bernard Trager, founder of Republic Bank and a giant in Louisville, who's hit a bump in the road. His son Steven and Steven's wife, Amy, have been good friends., Proud of our effort last night. Congrats to Anthony Davis on the blocks record. Marquis Teague and Terrence Jones both made big steps forward. , Headed to Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt Kentucky in Richmond across from the EKU campus. Who's going to join me for some froyo?, What's the most bizarre fan experience Coach has ever had? Find out in episode 10 of The Mailbag? -- CoachCal.com staff , I did my usual drive through the UMass campus and you know what I'm seeing everywhere, CRANES! New business school, nursing school, housing and more. The only new buildings I saw in my eight years was a men's basketball facility. They must be really proud. Everything looks beautiful!, Good morning, BBN! More recruiting today before heading back to Lexington for practice and preparation for a well-coached Arkansas team. One of my greatest experiences was last year being a part of the town hall meeting at Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta to honor MLK., Congrats to our cheerleading team on winning the UCA national championship for a record 19th time., With the great Angelo Dundee at Muhammad Ali's birthday party last night. Also, good luck to Coach Mitchell and our women's team today on the road at South Carolina., My favorite author of all time, Harvey Mackay, at Muhammad Ali's birthday party. You want to be motivated and learn, grab a couple of his books., Hope you enjoyed the game. It was a hard-fought road win. Loved hearing our fans cheering Go Big Blue! Flying to Louisville with Kenny Payne and Chris Woolard for a birthday party for the greatest, Muhammad Ali. I'll watch the game tape on the plane. Big game ahead with Arkansas on Tuesday night. Gotta get this team ready for another physical SEC battle. Ready to get back to Rupp Arena. , Early game today. Is the BBN ready for that? We are in Knoxville at Tennessee for a noon ET tip on ESPN. #WeAreUK, We just shot another episode of the Mailbag yesterday. It's one of my favorite things to do because I get to hear and take questions from the Big Blue Nation. Stay tuned for the next couple of episodes in the upcoming weeks. , Make sure you listen in on the Tim Brando Show this morning. I'm on at 10:13 a.m. ET. , Congrats to Coach Mitchell and our women's team on the win over Tennessee in front of a sellout crowd. #WeAreUK #BeatTennessee, Two years after the Haiti earthquake, the number of orphans has doubled. I’m helping through Aid Still Required. Will you?, I heard the BBN has sold out Memorial tonight for our women's game vs Tennessee. Be early, be loud, wear blue! #BeatTennessee, We are third in the nation in scoring margin and our fans are wondering why we aren’t winning by 40. I love it! That’s what makes this Kentucky., Lexington and UK's MLK Day Celebration is Monday with a downtown march beginning at 10 a.m. followed by a free program featuring award-winning author and columnist Marc Lamont Hill at 11 in Heritage Hall. I hope everyone can make it out and show their support for MLK's ideals., Tough road win. Great to see our fans in the arena. Saw some UK students now at the Auburn Vet School too. I think I heard Go Big Blue. I think the game was a sellout too. I'll have to check with Jerry Tipton to see if I'm wrong about that though., Tonight's game will be televised on the SEC Network. To check for an affiliate in your area, head to http://www.ukathletics.com/sports/m-baskbl/spec-rel/011112aaa.html. The game will also be streamed online on ESPN3.com. -- CoachCal.com staff, Heard there are only a few tickets left for UK Hoops' game vs. Tennessee tomorrow at 7 p.m. ET. Call the UK ticket office at 1-800-928-CATS, Here's a few more pictures from our shoot around at Auburn today. It's going to be another sold-out, crazy atmosphere. I'm anxious to see how we respond. , Had a surprise visitor at our shoot around today. Eric Bledsoe's grandmother is in town for the game., Good morning, Big Blue Nation. Already got a run in this morning. Time to get ready for a great shoot around. Don't forget the pre-sale to see my good friend Drake on Feb. 22 at Rupp Arena starts Thursday at 10 a.m. I also have a special discount for you: Exclusive $10 off student discount for select Drake seats within each price level. The password is CATS. , Just finished the "Lincoln on Leadership" book and wanted to share a quote with you that I really liked from Lincoln: “(The) substance of government ... is to elevate the condition of men -- to lift artificial weights from all shoulders -- to clear the paths of laudable pursuit for all -- to afford all, an unfettered start, and a fair chance, in the race of life.", Happy birthday to Terrence Jones as he turns 20 today. I brought brownies from Mrs. Cal in with me today. Don't eat all of them, Terrence. Happy birthday!, Good morning. Make sure you watch "This is Kentucky Basketball" today at 11:30 a.m. ET on WKYT and at noon on FS South., At a game with two basketball Bennys. Dr. Moore and Coach Hall., That was a good first game for us in conference. I was really proud of how Terrence and Marquis played today. I told Terrence that he has to work even harder now if he doesn't want to go back to where he was before. , Today's game at 4 p.m. vs. South Carolina will be televised on the SEC Network. You can find an affiliate in your area at http://www.ukathletics.com/sports/m-baskbl/spec-rel/010612aaa.html. The game will also be streamed live on ESPN3.com. -- CoachCal.com staff, Good morning, BBN, it's gameday. Headed to shootaround. Looking forward to the challenge., Wanted to share this article about Ralph Asher, who passed away on Monday. His son Tim is our video coordinator. , Congrats to Darius on becoming the 58th player in UK history to score 1,000 points. Darius and Eloy both are on track to graduate this May., I’m through 380 pages on the Truman book with about 500 more to go. If you really want to know about Truman, this is the book to read. On “Lincoln on Leadership,” I’m on page 100 and I’ll probably finish within the week. I did pick up two other books: “Killing Lincoln” by Bill O’Reilly and Martin Dugard. That’s from the right so I decided to not alienate anybody and picked up “Jack Kennedy: Elusive Hero” by Chris Matthews from the left. As I wind down the Lincoln book, I’ll open up one of those two. , Received some very, very sad news. My good friend and mentor Gene Bartow passed away after a long battle with cancer. Not only was he a great coach, he was a great man. He’s going to be sorely missed. Ruth and I talked yesterday morning. Both of us cried knowing that it was coming to an end. My heart and my prayers go out to the family., Tonight's game will be televised live on the UK IMG Sports Network. More TV coverage info at http://www.ukathletics.com/sports/m-baskbl/spec-rel/010212aad.html. The game will also be streamed live on ESPN3.com and a live blog on CoachCal.com. Fox Sports South will air the game on a delayed basis at 11 p.m. ET. -- CoachCal.com staff, BBN, are we filling up Freedom Hall tonight? If you can do your part and bring us a win, we will sign autographs afterwards for 30 minutes., Looking forward to talking UK needs with legislators and Dr. Capilouto on Thursday before noon at the History Center in Frankfort., Let's show the folks at GEICO the power of the Big Blue Nation. Anthony Davis' game-saving block against North Carolina is up for the GEICO Play of the Year. , null, null, null, null, null, null, Special thanks to the staff at Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt Kentucky in Springhurst., null, Look who met us at Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt Kentucky in Springhurst. Nice turnout and we are in Louisville., null, Just finished a team dinner at Volare in Louisville, which was outstanding. The staff and I are headed to Orange Leaf in Springhurst next before it closes., Congratulations to Michael Kidd-Gilchrist and Anthony Davis for sweeping the SEC awards this week. Michael was named Player of the Week and Davis was tabbed Freshman of the Week. Keep it up, guys. , Went to mass this morning and lit a candle for one of my mentors, Coach Gene Bartow. BBN, continue your prayers for him and his family., Hope everyone has enjoyed the holiday. I want to share my New Year's resolutions with the Big Blue Nation. , Happy New Year, Big Blue Nation. We won't have an open practice at Freedom Hall, but we will stay 30 minutes after our game on Tuesday to sign autographs., I really appreciate my good friend Jay-Z coming to our game today. It was also good to see former Wildcats Walter McCarty and Andre Riddick postgame along with Ashley Judd., For everyone out there saying UK is only a place for guards, check out Josh Harrellson and DeMarcus Cousins going head to head tonight., BBN, hope you watched the game. Here's a time lapse video of Rupp Arena from today's game: http://gobigblue.co/2no, Just about game time. Hope the BBN enjoys. Game is on CBS at noon. My staff will also have a live blog. , BBN, let's all say a prayer for Ralph Asher, father of longtime UK sports video's Tim Asher, who was rushed to the hospital this morning., Big Blue Nation, join me in wishing Eloy Vargas a happy birthday today., So I understand there's been some smacktalk going back and forth between UK and U of L fans this week. I'll join in. You can send a personal smacktalk phone call from me at http://celebcalls.com/. Partial proceeds go to the Calipari Family Foundation., I received this Christmas card from DeMarcus Cousins this year. DeMarcus still finds a way to make me laugh. Done with some tape work and practice No. 1. The guys will rest up while I watch more tape before practice No. 2. I love Camp Cal., Congrats to Anthony Davis, who will be featured in the Jan. 9 NEXT issue of ESPN The Magazine. , I must admit I stayed up last night to watch my two sons play on TV. I enjoyed every minute of watching Tyreke Evans and DeMarcus Cousins. What really makes you proud is not just seeing our guys make it to the NBA but to see them excel on the court and really reach their dreams. It's not easy to play for me and the grind is tough. You have to be made for this and want this. The calls of appreciation make it worth it for me., Did you watch the stream of the practice? I called my daughter Megan to see if she watched and she said, "Practice?! Not a game but practice?" I thought I was talking to Allen Iverson., I hope you are looking forward to the practice live stream. We'll start with film at 5 and then we'll get started with practice around 5:30 pm ET. I'm ready to get back going. I'm not sure how long we'll stream but we'll go at least an hour online. We can't show the outsiders everything. Since today's practice is online we are also going to switch up my radio show to be a broadcast to go with the live stream of practice. , It's time to get back into a normal routine again, so let's get back into the swing of things on my website with the latest edition of "The Mailbag." Don't forget, our live stream of practice tonight is tentatively set for at 5 p.m. ET, and then I'll do my radio show right after it's over. , Merry Christmas to the Big Blue Nation. Your present is from the entire team and coaching staff and it's ONLY for the BBN. No wannabes or outsiders! We are live streaming our first practice back from Christmas break just for the BBN on Monday evening. We are tentatively set for Monday at 5 p.m. ET just before my radio show. I hope you enjoy it! Here's the link. , I’ve had some free time over the past couple of days so I’ve been catching up on my reading. I just finished “Shouting at God” by Steve Rose. I’m going to send it to my dad. If you’re grieving or going through a tragedy, it’s a good, quick read to help you out. Father Lucas also sent me a great book that I’m just starting right now titled, “Lincoln on Leadership” by Donald Phillips. I read the manuscript of “Taking People With You” by David Novak. If you’re into bringing people together, whatever your profession is, David does a great job of showing you how. The book will be in stores Jan. 3. Still working on getting through the Truman book. It’s 900 pages, but it’s a really great book. , This holiday season, let’s remember it’s about our family and friends. This is a great time of the year to really connect and reconnect with loved ones. , Big Blue Nation, have me call your friends/family and wish them a Merry Christmas at celebcalls.com. Partial proceeds go to the Calipari Family Foundation., Congrats to Mike DeCoursey on being elected to the Basketball Writers HOF. A true pro, Mike hasn't changed a bit going back to our Pittsburgh days. Also, congrats to Bob Huggins on his 700th career win. I called Huggs with a special message earlier on reaching the 700 milestone., There are some special people in our state who really reached out to help others this holiday season. Ken Cusick and Chuck Osbourn at Kroger, Tamara Combs at Target, Matt Hoetker at Wildcat Wearhouse, Chris Arington, Father Norman and PG Peeples. I want to thank them for the impact they've had going above and beyond for others in our community and I thank you., My son, Brad, along with two of Chicago's sons, Anthony Davis and Derrick Rose. All three are making their parents proud., Happy holidays to the best fans in the world, the BIG BLUE NATION!!!, Big Blue Nation, say an extra prayer four Cindy Richardson, who might be in the hospital through Christmas. Her son Micahel Kidd-Gilchrist will be by her side soon., On the way to Rupp, early start time today. We play at 1 p.m. ET on Fox Sports South., More than 200 of you have already donated coats that are going to the Salvation Army. Once again the Big Blue Nation is coming through. Remember, you can donate ANY gently worn kids coat and get 50 percent off selected merchandise at Wildcat Wearhouse all week. Coats will go to the Salvation Army., Losing Sam Malone to an ACL injury is heartbreaking. Sam has been a great teammate and an even better person. You never want to hear someone is injured, but for Sam to go through his fourth knee injury is especially tough because he’s worked so hard to get where he is. He has become a valuable member of our team and quickly became a fan favorite. We look forward to Sam making a full recovery., Ready for my surprise? I wanna know how far the Big Blue Nation stretches. Tell me where you're from and how long you've been a Kentucky fan for a chance to win (2) free tickets to Tuesday's game vs. Samford., Wow! Are people really making a big deal out of the fact that I don't look at my website? Do you realize that I already know what's on my website, my twitter, my Facebook and my TV/radio show? Eric and DeWayne let me know what the feedback is on everything so I can focus on my team and still engage with the Big Blue Nation. I don’t do social media for my own entertainment. I do it for the Big Blue Nation and to give our fans an inside look into THEIR program. I’m sure a reporter or blogger doesn’t go back and read their own posts/stories either. Or do they??? I could be wrong. Let me jump on this plane. I'll have a surprise for the BBN when I land., BBN, donate ANY gently worn kids coat & get 50 percent off selected merchandise at Wildcat Wearhouse all week! Coats will go to the Salvation Army., Just got done reading one of the most painful books I've ever read, "Auschwitz." My daughter Megan recommended it to me. During this holiday season, let's all reach out with compassion., Got a great question in the latest edition of "The Mailbag." Jim Wimp asked me what I would be doing if coaching didn't work out. Find out the answer on my website. , We'll start Camp Cal today. Make sure you watch our weekly TV show at 11:30 a.m. ET on WKYT and noon on FOX Sports South., TV coverage for today's game on CSS: Insight - channel 505 in Kentucky with a digital cable or mini-box. Also: Dish Network - HD channel 429, non-HD channel 420; DirecTV - HD channel 631 (YESHD); AT&T U-verse - YES (channel 702 in most of KY). And if you don't have those channels, my staff will have a live blog for you to follow. , Had to choose between whether to go see a recruit or go watch my son today. Kid told me to go watch my son and get some Orange Leaf after., I talked the other day about devouring practice and breaking barriers on a daily basis. That’s what we tried to do this week to get better. , My good friend Drake will be at Rupp Arena on Feb. 22. Go buy tickets on Jan. 14 or sign up for the pre-sale. , Big Blue Nation, join me in wishing the old guy across the hall a happy birthday. Happy birthday, Matthew Mitchell., TV coverage for Saturday's game vs. Chattanooga on CSS: Insight - channel 505 in Kentucky with a digital cable or mini-box. Also: Dish Network - HD channel 429, non-HD channel 420; DirecTV - HD channel 631 (YESHD); AT&T U-verse - YES (channel 702 in most of KY), Well, I finally got myself to do it. I'm diving into David McCullough's "Truman." I've read the first 40-something pages. Now I have 860 to go. What's interesting is that Truman's family is originally from ... Kentucky. I also need to finish up "Auschwitz." Keep those book suggestions coming., I had some time this week to think about our teams, past and present, and what I came to realize is every year our kids play hard and we have a good culture. But as I sat down and thought, I wanted to know what it is that makes our culture different. What have we created over the years, not just here, but at UMass and Memphis? , BBN, we're going to be doing another Mailbag with Coach soon, which means we need more questions from you. Type in your questions in the comments section below. Remember, they don't have to just be basketball related. Feel free to ask Coach anything. -- CoachCal.com staff, I hear another
Orange Leaf just opened up. This one is on Leestown Road behind Applebee's. I'll make sure I make a trip there soon., I have a 24-hour rule. We lose, I'm in misery for 24 hours. Tomorrow we move on. Next., Couldn't be there because we drove to Indiana, but I'm so proud of our volleyball team.  What a great match and great season for Coach Skinner and UK volleyball. To take the No. 1 seed to the wire, unreal., Saturday must be a big game, I see Dick Vitale is doing the game. Glad to hear that the court dedication at Detroit went well., Just got finished reading "LEAD ... For God's Sake." It's a good spiritual book if you're coaching or involved with leading people. It's about one of the most successful high school basketball coaches in Kentucky’s history. I'm just now diving into "A Coach and A Miracle," the incredible story of "J-Mac's" incredible night on his high school basketball team and the relationship between him and his coach before the big night. I need to start reading Brandon Knight's mother's book soon. Hope you guys are enjoying the Book Club. I really like showing the Big Blue Nation another side of me., Happy birthday, Eric Bledsoe. So proud of what you have accomplished in a short period of time. Your present, you're back to work. Come see us soon. Robes told me that last night's women's game was one of the most exciting games he's ever seen. I'm disappointed that wasn't there to see it. Back-to-back top-10 wins! This should encourage all UK fans to come to all the UK Hoops home games. Getting ready for tomorrow's game before going on the Dan Patrick Show at 11:05 am ET. Dan and I usually go at it pretty good and it's always fun., Congrats to Matthew Mitchell and our women's team on their win over No. 6 Duke at Rupp Arena. I wish I could have been there to see it in person but Brad had a game tonight as well. About to go on SporrsCenter in a few minutes., Just finished reading the Lincoln book by David Herbet Donald, which was unbelievable. My respect for Lincoln is through the roof after what he went through as president. I’m reading a book on Truman right now by David McCullough along with a few others but the Truman book is going to take me a while because it’s 900 pages! To find out more about the books I’m reading and what I’ve read, I’ve now got my own book club now on my website. If you have a book you would like to recommend to me, please email me at coach@coachcal.com., We put up that poll last week to create dialogue and the Big Blue Nation delivered. That's what makes our fans so special. They are passionate about everything. I'm the originator of playing any time, any place, anywhere. I just want flexibility in our scheduling to modify based on our roster. Dropping one annual home-and-home series allows me to schedule more neutral site games like the Kansas, Duke, Michigan State Classic. You want to play 'em, we schedule 'em. Our current format, if we play two more SEC games, makes it harder to mix in more quality teams. Trust me, you won't be disappointed., Big Blue Nation, let's support Matthew Mitchell and our women's team. They play Duke on Thursday in Rupp Arena at 6. Call 1-800-928-CATS from 9-4 for $1 tickets. Just got word the phones are blowing up. If you can't get through, call back after lunch. Let's set a new UK Hoops attendance record., Just got finished watching  a high school game in Louisville. It's cold outside, so before I head home I'm going to stop for some Orange Leaf at the Springhurst store. Be there in 10 minutes., Big Blue Nation, join me in wishing a Happy Birthday to Sam Malone., My dad is still talking about the Steelers game. Thanks to Mike and Marvin., Great to see my good friend Kyle Pezzi and his family at the radio show last night. Kyle is a great kid with an unbelievable outlook on life., In the sixth edition of the "Mailbag," I talk about Lexington, finding free time in my schedule and the expectations of this job. Keep those questions coming, folks. We'll let you know the next time to send them in. , Tonight on my radio show I was asked about knocking one head off the three-headed monster. Here are my thoughts. , Big Blue Nation, I don’t want you to lose your vacation money or lose your kid’s scholarship fund but if you’re buying those tickets to the Indiana game this week, don’t tell them you’re a UK fan. Show up in a red shirt with blue underneath and don’t take it off until our introductions start. You can leave the red shirt in the building when you leave. #BlueGetsIn, Congratulations to Terrence Jones on winning SEC Player of the Week. He played his best game of the year against North Carolina. , Congrats to Matthew Mitchell and Craig Skinner on their teams' big wins this weekend., Wow! Have you guys tried the FanCam from our game with UNC? Take a look and find yourself and friends in the crowd. , Decided to spend my off day with my dad. He's had a great time at both of our games and we went to the Steelers game today. We went to midfield pregame and talked with both Mike Tomlin and Marvin Lewis. My dad says, "Just think we couldn't even go to a game before and now this?" I really like both Mike Tomlin and Marvin Lewis. Great guys doing a great job. My dad and I had a blast. I needed that. It's not just my team. I have to start having fun and enjoying these games too., Wow, what a game. You people literally rocked Rupp Arena. For a freshman team to do what we did today, I'm proud. I didn't realize everyone was making this game the end-all of end-alls until I was watching ESPN's ticker last night, but I'm glad we came through with a win. North Carolina is a really, really good team., One hour away from tip. Coach is in the locker room getting his guys ready to go. You can watch the game on CBS today. We will have a live blog for those of you who want to chat about the action. -- CoachCal.com staff , Congrats again to Mark and Krystan Coyle on the Boise State AD job. My hat's off to Mitch Barnhart on preparing people to reach their dreams. We are going to have to start calling Kentucky "Athletic Director U." Look at the ADs at Arizona, Mississippi State, Oregon, Samford and now Boise State. All from UK. Mitch now has six total ADs in Division I that worked directly under his supervision. That's strong., Without Anthony Davis we may have lost tonight. We're not in sync offensively right now and these next two games are going to be really, really tough. , Good shoot around today. I hope our guys are ready to play. Don't forget to watch, we're playing St. John's on ESPN2 at 7:30 ET. , I was on CNBC’s Fast Money this evening. I left the guys with some words a successful businessman from our state gave me: “In the past you could be lucky and make money, you could be good and make money, and you could be great and really make money. Now, you only make money if you do great. Good and lucky will not make money anymore. You’ve got to be great at what you do.” Thanks to the guys at CNBC for having me on., Happy birthday to my lovely wife, Ellen. She got breakfast in bed, which is our tradition. After 25 years of marriage, she looks better every year. It's also Joe B. Hall's birthday today. If Coach Hall comes to practice today, we'll have brownies waiting on him. Happy birthday, Coach., More great questions from you in this week's "Mailbag." I really enjoyed showing the game balls on my wall. I'm going to need more wall space if we keep winning. , This early in the season it’s nice to ranked No. 1 but it’s not that significant. Obviously, not everyone thinks that we’re the best team. Starting three freshmen and two sophomores, they may be right. I’ll be anxious to see how the team accepts the challenge this week., Ellen and I want to thank Wildcat Wearhouse and Wal-Mart for helping the Calipari Family Foundation. If you buy a Dribble Driveway at Wal-Mart or buy gear at Wildcat Wearhouse (bit.ly/rE1mC4), part of the proceeds will go to the CFF., My mother passed away one year ago today. As I reflect back, the biggest gift that she gave me, aside from her love, was to dream big and not be afraid to dream beyond my surroundings. In honor of my mother, I would like to pass that gift on to you. Nothing should hold you back. Dream big dreams!, Don't make this out to be more than it is. My question was simply, if you could only keep two series which two do you like more?, I've been thinking about the future of this program and I need the Big Blue Nation's take on a scheduling scenario. , I couldn't be happier for Joker Phillips and the Kentucky football team. What a great win for the kids and Joker's staff. No one else could do that with a receiver at quarterback. Big Blue Nation, enjoy the victory. We'll see you tonight at Rupp., Big Blue Nation, join me in wishing Kenny Payne a happy birthday., Let's all find something to be thankful for. Here's my Thanksgiving message to the Big Blue Nation. , Hope everyone is having a great Thanksgiving with their family and friends. If you get a little time away from the dinner table today, check out our behind-the-scenes video from our tour at ESPN last week. The guys had a blast. , Great turnout tonight by the BBN for a mid-week game. Happy Thanksgiving to all my followers and the Big Blue Nation. http://tinyurl.com/c4dvqaw, Happy birthday to my Thanksgiving baby, Megan. She was born in Massachusetts on Thanksgiving Day at 9 lbs 6 oz as it snowed. I can still remember how happy I was that day. Happy birthday to my little girl, Megan., Told the team that we only talk to our team not the other team. Guys are learning to deal with being banged around for the first time. I have a great bunch of guys that all like each other. I want them to have fun and I'm all for three goggles but the posing must stop., Get out and vote for Randall Cobb to make the Pro Bowl. Vote here for Randall as kickoff returner: http://t.co/7G7Wib7y, Gotta love the BBN. Only our fans would point out that my last two PGs also had 18 turns in the first four games. D-Rose and Tyreke had a bunch too. Marquis will be fine. I'm gonna spend more time with him and once we get it figured out everyone will be talking about how good he is., On the road for some recruiting today. Glad to see some home games on the schedule coming up. We're going to be shooting another segment of the Mailbag soon, so we need more questions from you. Remember, you can ask me anything. I love hearing from the Big Blue Nation., Headed back from a little recruiting with a headache. Not sure if it's from yelling so much or thinking about how much work I have with my team. Probably a combination of both. I know one thing, though: I REALLY LIKE MY TEAM. , BBN, make sure you tune it at noon ET on ESPNU. We need you today. Long road, enjoy the path! , I was wondering with us being a new team playing in a noon game what would happen today. I was pretty pleased. When we got up, our guys continued to play. Doron is playing well because he's developed a motor. I'm happy for Kyle. The kid can play but he needs to grab more rebounds and loose balls. , BBN, you can watch our game today on ESPN3.com at noon. We've also got some radio options and a live blog on my site to follow along so you don't miss the action today. Good luck to the football and women's basketball teams as well. It's a busy day at UK. , With our team and three Naismith Hall of Famers from Kentucky: Cliff Hagan, Dan Issel and C.M. Newton., Wow, our guys had a great time at ESPN today, but I heard Mr. Wiggins had more fun than anybody. Did he really do the 3 goggles? Thanks to ESPN for having us. Now it's time to turn our attention to Penn State and the Hall of Fame Tip-Off Tournament. , We arrived in Connecticut earlier today. We had practice at the Mohegan Sun Arena and now the guys are resting up for our trip to ESPN tomorrow. We are still trying to figure out how to play offensively. , Big Blue Nation, welcome our 2012 signees Archie Goodwin, Alex Poythress and Willie Cauley. I think all three have the potential to do special things here. , Excited to help open the Barclays Center next year with Maryland, return to Brooklyn AND go against a guy I used to coach in Mark Turgeon. We have a chance to come into Brooklyn, spark some interest and maybe turn some young people on to basketball and academics. It’s a good thing, and I know the Big Blue Nation will overrun this city again. , How many of you stayed up to watch last night? Thanks to the Big Blue Nation, we had great support in New York at Madison Square Garden. I'm happy we walked out of there with a win but we really need to come together as a team and learn to play together. Time to rest up and get back at it. , Who's watching the game tonight vs. Kansas (ESPN at 9 p.m. ET)? Where are you watching? Let the Big Blue Nation know? Also, check out a photo gallery of our shootaround today at the Garden: http://tinyurl.com/cq9y8tb. Here's a picture of me talking with Andy Katz., Wow! I heard our women's team put on a show today. 100-25? Congrats to both Coach Mitchell and his team., Making a special announcement Wedneday for hoops at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn. You can watch it here: http://t.co/PNMFzLKR, Settled in for the night in New York. Spoke with the team tonight and told them to get a good night's rest for tomorrow's game. For a lot of these guys it's their first road trip and first time in New York. Check out this video blog Kyle is doing for my website. , Congratulations to Anthony Davis for winning SEC Freshman of the Week. He posted good numbers last week, but I told him he'll have to play even better when we play Kansas. , I want to wish my best to Stacey Poole. I fully respect his family and their decision., Last year, UK won Big Blue Crush, the annual blood battle vs. Tennessee, for the first time since 2002. Let's keep the trophy in Kentucky! You can win prizes too. Big Blue Crush is Monday-Friday from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. , Big Blue Nation, make sure you join me in wishing Twany Beckham a very happy birthday. I'm really looking forward to seeing Twany on the court in December. Also, I heard Dick Vitale said this was the most talented UK team he's seen in 30 years. That's just  Dickie V being Dickie V. He hasn't even seen us play yet. I just want him to say at the end of the season in April that we are the best team., Long day. We practiced twice today and got some good work in. We'll work lighter tomorrow before heading to N.Y. Talked to the team about pushing each other and doing this together. I'll share with you what I gave them., If you are headed to NYC for Tuesday's game, don't miss all the UK events happening in the city. Visit http://t.co/bwXi830a for more info., Good luck to Joker Phillips and UK football vs. Vandy today. Also, congrats to UK Hoops and UK volleyball on their big wins last night. Make sure you get out and support my man Coach Lipsitz and our UK women's soccer team in the NCAA first round tonight at 7. All students get in free., Attention, Big Blue Nation, there is free froyo in Louisville. I repeat, free froyo in Louisville. The Springhurst store gave away 20,000 free ounces Friday for its grand opening and has 12,000 more ounces to give out today. Orange Leaf just opened a store in Owensboro as well., Glad to see we bounced back after a terrible first half last night. If Anthony and Michael didn't come to play, we would have trailed. The team responded with more defensive intensity in the second half and we put together a good 20 minutes. Major challenge on Tuesday in N.Y. I thought our freshmen played really well for their first real game in Rupp Arena. 

, I can't believe it'smy son Brad's 15th birthday. We had breakfast together this morning, but with our game tonight the party will be at Rupp. I'm so proud of the young man he has become.  Make sure u follow him on twitter at @bradcalipari5 so I don't have to buy a gift., Our service members remind us all on Veteran's Day what is the true meaning of servant leadership.  Thanks to all our veterans and troops., Finishing up final preparations for tonight's season opener against Marist. Is the Big Blue Nation ready for tonight? If you're wondering how you can watch the game tonight, we've got TV, radio and live blog information. , I’m happy that nobody was injured in this morning's accident. Here's the latest on what happened. , Are you ready for the season to start?  We actually have out of bounds plays now, so I hope we're ready.  Check out Terrence Jones on the cover of Sports Illustrated.  So proud of him and how he's change his whole world., It's National Signing Day so what better day to talk about technology's role in recruiting. I answer that and more in this week's "Mailbag." , I heard more than 4,000 students were at Memorial tonight for the ticket lottery for the St. John's, UNC and Chattanooga games., null, A good man and a great friend passed away yesterday evening. Donnie Klein has been a part of my life sine 1985 when I was a young assistant at Pittsburgh. Donnie took me under his wing and kept me there for the next 26 years. It's been said that the one thing you can leave this earth with is a good name. Donnie Klein leaves this earth with a good name. He put people first, his family first, his wife first and his friends first. He was an unbelievable father, a loving husband, and what is very rare, a true friend to many. My heart goes out to the family, as do my prayers., Heard our managers are promoting “No-Shave for November” to raise awareness for prostate cancer. Donations can be made to: Markey Cancer Foundation, 800 Rose Street, CC160, Lexington, KY 40536-0093 or www.markeycancerfoundation.org.
, Just heard about the passing of Smokin' Joe Frazier. I have this picture up in my home office. Gonna miss Smokin' Joe. RIP., "This may be a zone team." Did you ever think you'd hear that from Coach Cal? Check out this video for that and more of Coach's instant reaction from tonight's game from his office at Rupp., Congratulations to Terrence Jones, Anthony Davis, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist and Marquis Teague for making the Naismith preseason watch list. I'm also happy to see so many players from the SEC make the list. , Two more practices today. We have a ways to go to be ready for the opener. BBN, join me in wishing Doron Lamb a happy birthday., Made an addition to our wall in the Joe Craft Center practice facility due to all the dunking in practice., It was great to see Jay Bilas today. Jay and his ESPN crew stopped by practice to shoot a segment for an upcoming broadcast. Jay is one of the best around. He gets it., I've heard you people love those practice reports my staff does. Well, you're really going to love this. We've got a video of our practice from Monday. See what a typical practice of ours looks like. , Before next week's Signing Day, I want to wish everyone the best in their decisions and leave you with a special message. , I hear there’s an Orange Leaf opening at in the Springhurst Shopping Center in Louisville. I know where I’m going next time I’m in Louisville. My only question is, what flavor froyo do I get? ... Also, my friend Robbie Prine is having surgery Monday. Let's get the BBN prayers behind her., I think last night showed that we've got a long way to go. Coach Lane' team played well. I'm glad this season started the way it did. It shows me what I need to work on with my team. We'll be alright, but we've got some work to do. , Who's ready for the season to start? Checkout our new interactive website for the 2011-12 season. gobigblue.co/1sm, I'm really excited about playing Transylvania tonight. A great school and I'm happy we can play this game after a 100-year drought. Did you know that Transy was the first university west of the Alleghenies? Or that one of its founders was Henry Clay, who ran for president three times? I want the BBN to check out a fact box we have on Transy on my website. Having said all that, I told Brian Lane that if he beats us tonight, we won't play them for another 100 years. , More great questions in this week's "Mailbag." I answered YOUR questions about Marquis Teague, a 1-3-1 zone and my favorite cup of froyo at Orange Leaf. , Congratulations to the Dominican Republic National Team on their success in the Pan Am games. I really enjoyed our experience this summer. When the DR watches our team this season, they will notice the influence of FIBA basketball and what we learned from coaching the them. I want to thank all our fans from the DR once again for the opportunity to coach your team., Unclaimed student tickets are available to the public for the Transy, Morehouse, Marist, Radford and Portland games. , Congrats to Terrence Jones on being named a preseason AP All-American. He's worked hard to put himself in position for a big year. , Very intense practice today. We got a lot accomplished this weekend. Congrats to our volleyball, rifle and men's soccer teams in their wins. , About to start the first of two practices today.  We'll do a lot of shooting in the morning session and scrimmage in the afternoon. We'll probably start around 3:30 this afternoon so everyone has time to get to the UK football blackout vs. Mississippi State. #WeAreUK, We're going to shoot another edition of the CoachCal.com Mailbag next week, but first we need your questions. We had some great questions last time, but I know the Big Blue Nation has more they want to ask. Fire away!, Great turnout at the UK Alumni brunch in Birminghan after SEC Media Day. It's amazing how the Big Blue Nation is everywhere. I'm off to do a little recruiting now. The guys have today off. I hope everyone enjoyed last night's scrimmage. You should be happy, but don't get too excited. We've got a long ways to go. , Watched some tape earlier from the UMass-UK game when I was at UMass. I'm trying to figure out how we can post it up with this team so I wanted to see our post-ups against nine NBA players. Found some good stuff. I'm excited about tonight and I believe our guys are too., I said yesterday that if there is a better player in the country than Terrence Jones right now, I've got to see him. He's changed his habits, changed his body, added skill level and now has a different attitude toward basketball. , Just got done watching Michael Kidd-Gilchrist in "Prayer for a Perfect Season." Very emotional. How could you not pull for that kid?, Wow! Our scrimmage will be on the UK IMG Network in Kentucky and on FS South in the states of Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, South Carolina and parts of North Carolina. If you're still on the fence about going to the game, you can still order online at Ticketmaster., Had a great chat via Skype on the latest Rich Eisen podcast before practice. Stay tuned Thursday at 4:30 pm ET on the NFL Network to catch the interview or watch the podcast at http://richeisen.nfl.com/., The guys really brought it in our first scrimmage today. We only went about 30 minutes because we practiced for an hour and a half leading up to it. We still have a long ways to go but I like what I see. , My good friend Kevin Massey came to visit us today. Unbelievable kid. Here's a picture after practice with the team:, We had some more great questions in episode two of "The Mailbag." I'm looking forward to sitting down and doing another one. I don't know where the BBN comes up with some of these questions, but I love them. , Went to Wheeler Pharmacy this morning to soak up some wisdom. Happy birthday to Stacey Poole. I brought in a little bday treat from Mrs. Cal, We had some more nasty dunks in practice. This week it's Spider-man vs. Eloy. Who had the better dunk? , null, null, null, null, null, null, About 340 coaches and fans showed up Sunday for the Coaches' Clinic. I hope everyone had a good time and saw what a great group of guys we have this year., null, Nice start for UK football. First practice done, second one will be after our football game. Our Coaches' Clinic is tomorrow. Walk-ups are welcome: http://t.co/FMEm52uy, You want more practice reports? You got 'em. Here's today's report on my website. , Met today with farmers Jack Lane and John Kelley, who cut my face into a cornfield at Kelley Farms. I gave Jack a hard time for making my nose so big. Ellen and I are hoping to check out the maze sometime this week., Only at Kentucky would 550 women show up for a Women's Clinic. We've got some behind-the-scenes footage of the clinic we held a couple of weeks ago. This Sunday we'll host our 2011 Coaches' Clinic. It's not too late to sign up! , Happy birthday to Kyle Wiltjer. Just found out they call him the "Water Fountain." Kyle has his favorite birthday treat coming from Mrs. Cal., Wow, have you read this story on Cotton Nash? I knew Cotton was a UK legend, but I didn't realize what a great two-sport star he was. , Know what I'm doing Friday? I'm finding where they're showing "The Mighty Macs," which opens Friday night in 1,000 theaters across the nation. It's about the story of the Immaculata College women's basketball team winning the national championship in 1972, '73 and '74. Great story!, We just finished up our first six full-length practices since Big Blue Madness. We put the guys through four practices over the weekend and then ran them through one Monday and one again Tuesday. They’ll get the day off Wednesday to recharge, but we’ll have a hard practice lined up for them Thursday. Read my first six observations from the first six days of practice. , I was happy to hear most of you liked my speech Friday. My staff and I put a lot of time and effort into it. Here's a behind-the-scenes look at the night before Madness. , Glad I was able to make the Urban League dinner last night. Always glad to support and to see my good friends P.G. Peebles and Jim Host. Dr. Eli Capilouto was the speaker and was great. Always good to catch up with our president and his wife, Dr. Mary Lynne Capilouto., OK, you convinced me. You went crazy and told me to put Anthony’s dunk up earlier. Well, we had another “Helmet Dunk” tonight. We’re posting both videos on my website, plus a picture of the crowning of the helmet. Head to CoachCal.com to vote for the “Helmet Dunk of the Week." If you people like this, we’ll start posting the best dunks of the week. , We just passed the 10k mark on tickets sold for the Blue-White scrimmage on Oct. 26. Can we get to 15k? Stop by the UK Ticket Office (9 a.m. to 4 p.m.), call 800-928-2287, try the Rupp Arena Box Office at 859-233-3535 or try Ticketmaster., Anthony Davis had one of the nastiest dunks I've ever seen. I might show the video, but I don't want to embarras the team of guys he's dunked on., A good start to the season. We set a good base to build on. Wow, these guys work hard and have no ego. They just want to do this together., Have you signed up for our clinic? It's open to both male/female fans and coaches on Oct. 23., I'm answering your questions live over on Nike's Facebook page right now. Come ask me a question here: http://on.fb.me/UKCal, Great to see DeMarcus Cousins, Josh Harrellson, Brandon Knight, Jodie Meeks, Nazr Mohammed, Rajon Rondo, John Wall, Walter McCarty, Wayne Turner, DeAndre Liggins and Tayshaun Prince. Here's my speech from tonight. How did I do?, I'm gonna say a few words again this year at Big Blue Madness. I hope you enjoy it. Madness will be streamed live and free on UKathletics.com. Our CoachCal.com staff will also have a live blog. Go Big Blue! , Be the first UK fans in history to have "your coach" call up a rival fan and talk some smack on your behalf! , Are you people ready for tonight's Big Blue Madness? I can't wait to see the Big Blue Nation. I did a podcast earlier with ESPN FrontRow to talk about tonight and the upcoming season. , Big Blue Nation, I want you to check out the new LEBRON 9. It has the perfect mix of stability and flexibility to keep you versatile on the basketball court. I will be doing a live chat tomorrow at noon to discuss the shoe, versatility and skill development. Join me tomorrow at http://on.fb.me/UKchat.  , Busy day today. Started at the Rotary Club at noon, went through Media Day after that, ran our team through a short practice before our Big Blue Madness dress rehearsal, but I still had time for some Orange Leaf!!! Ellen and I met Ben Haggin there. All he talked about was DeMarcus. I miss him too, Ben., Great turnout today at the Greater Louisville UK Alumni Club Wildcat Tip-Off Luncheon. Looked like we had about 1,000 UK fans there. Do you think we could pull this off in other cities outside of Lexington? If so, where? , Had a chance to speak with Louisville Chief of Police Robert White and his team this morning. Great man and great group!, Have you seen the new look of CoachCal.com? My staff has put together a great new look for the website. I hope you enjoy the changes. , The second season of "The Mailbag" is back! I really enjoyed answering the questions the Big Blue Nation had for me. See what I have to say about the 1996 Kentucky team, whether or not I'd let my son play for us, who the leaders on the team will be this year and more. , May have to try something new at Orange Leaf. They're giving $5 to Susan G Komen for each Raspberry Lemonade yogurt batch they make in October. I haven't tried a flavor I haven't liked yet, plus I'll be helping a great cause., Really honored and humbled to receive the Hope Award tonight at the St. Peter Claver gala. Hats off to St. Peter Claver and Father Norman for all they do for the community. I was also really touched tonight to read a letter written by Kyle Pezzi., Coach Hall is telling people that this year's team is the most talented team I've had at Kentucky. What is trying to do, get me fired? I've been lucky to have good friends and great mentors at every stop in my coaching career. Jack Leaman at UMass, Gene Bartow at Memphis and now Joe B. Hall at Kentucky. All great men and great coaches., Made a trip to Wheelers this morning to gain knowledge from my other assistant coaches at the Horseshoe of Wisdom. Great start to my day., with Case Clay, president of Three Chimneys, at Big Brothers Big Sisters fundraiser., Wow! Just heard the Big Blue Nation has bought 7,300 tickets in the first hour for our Blue-White game. Like I said before, there's no place like this., We are relaunching the CoachCal.com Mailbag on the website soon, but before we do we need questions from you. Post your questions below and I might answer your question on CoachCal.com. Include where you're from and don't be afraid to ask me anything., Blue-White Scrimmage tickets go on sale Thursday. Our Blue-White attendance high is 14,060. Come on, Big Blue Nation, I know we can do better than that. Let's paint Rupp blue like we always do., Apparently, a lot is going on in our facilities today. All I saw was that my good friend Erin Andrews was at our practice today. #WeAreUK, Had a blast at the Women's Clinic today. Only at Kentucky would 550 women show up for a clinic. Special thanks to Josh Hopkins, Jennifer Palumbo and Patrick Whitmer for their help with the clinic. Also want to thank our sponsors for helping us run our most successful clinic yet: Cane’s, Pieratt’s, the Dribble Driveway Kit, H 2, Fayette Heating & Air, the K Fund, the University of Kentucky Bookstore, Kennedy Bookstore, Rafferty’s, Fan Outfitters, Tropical Smoothie and Jimmy John’s., I was in South America during our Photo Day but it looks like the guys had a good time. Mike thinks he has the best smile on the team. What do you think? , Big Blue Nation, what better way to learn the Dribble Drive Motion Offense than to own my Dribble Driveway Kit. It's like having my camp in your driveway. Check it out at www.dribbledriveway.com. , Really pleased with our practice today. The young kids are playing better and Terrence Jones was a man today. , Just got back to Lexington for practice and found out there were 570 tents outside for the BBM campout at the final count. Wow, you fans continue to amaze me., We just uploaded the 2011-12 schedule to the events tab on the left. Take a look at it and let us know how many games you're going to attend this year. How many games is it going to be this year, Big Blue Nation?, This video reminds me of what it was like to camp out at the Big Blue Madness ticket campout a couple of years ago. , At a School Choice Fundraiser at Papa John's headquarters with John Schnatter and Ken Taylor., I hear there are 500 tents outside the Joe Craft Center now. We had 525 last year. Come on, Big Blue Nation, I know we can beat that mark., Heard our guys gave out pizzas tonight to the Big Blue Madness campers. Unfortunately, I was on the road recruiting. Check out a full photo gallery of the BBM campout at http://tinyurl.com/3sx6mrh. I also heard there are around 400 tents on the first day: http://tinyurl.com/3cktnjt You people are crazy!!, Really enjoyed speaking today at the Get Motivated Business Seminar. It was a great experience. I hope I left a good message and I hope I changed some people's thinking., Just made my rounds through tent city. Bigger crowd this year already. Always great to see the Big Blue Nation. I was going to camp out this year until I realized someone took my tent last year. You know who you are!, I hear we had quite a few students show up to the Big Blue Madness student lottery Monday night. Who is camping out this week for the Madness ticket distribution on Saturday? , BBN, make sure you join me in wishing Mike Kidd-Gilchrist a happy birthday. Not sure if he's aware, but the bday boy gets brownies from Ellen., I'd like to welcome Billy Kennedy and Texas A&M to the SEC. Congrats to Commissioner Slive and our presidents on a great addition to our league., I want to encourage you to check out the following video, which profiles our team's participation in the God's Pantry and UK Athletics "Backpack Program." It's one of a number of community-based programs we participate in every year. , We had our third team practice today. I really like what I'm seeing. Check out a video update of how things are going so far at practice on CoachCal.com. , BBN, you'll want to read this story on Rex Chapman. One of the all-time great Wildcats. , Was in the backyard with Brad shooting free throws. My personal best was 38 in a row in 1978. I made 45 straight today and Brad goes down ... again. Shot my age. NEVER too old!, How bout this? Another first! Just finished a home visit in another state and the mom treated us to Orange Leaf as a surprise. They had two flavors that I didn't even know we had: Sugar Cookie and Yellow Cake., Tickets for the Champions Classic on Nov. 15 against Kansas will go on sale to the public Oct. 6 at Ticketmaster.com and the Madison Square Garden box office., Want to know how the first two team practices have gone? We've got exclusive video interviews from the players and I on CoachCal.com. We'll go again today for an hour and then I can't work with them again until next week. , Had our first team practices this weekend. We've got a long ways to go, but I was really pleased with the guys' effort. I've missed them., Rescheduled our practice after getting back late from recruiting yesterday. More recruiting today before hopefully making it to our football game at Commonwealth Stadium. Anxious to see the new video boards tonight. Good Luck to Joker Phillips and the team tonight. #WeAreUK, Check out this story on Twany Beckham. I'm happy that he's a part of our program and I'm looking forward to seeing him compete tomorrow morning at our first team skill instruction. , Big Blue Nation, let's give Harry Mullins and the UK rifle team a little love. Head over to his Facebok page and like his page. We talk a lot about making our program the gold standard in college basketball. Harry has done that with the national championship rifle program. http://www.facebook.com/pages/Kentucky-Rifle/146410568716776, Someone mentioned to me that tickets are left for the Louisville football game. Must be a lot of people ill or there must be some church function. Big Blue Nation, if you are not real sick or going to church on Saturday night then there's no excuse for not filling up our stadium!, Met with the team a little bit ago for the first time this fall. I can't tell you how much I missed them. Tomorrow is the first day we can have team skill instruction so we might meet for an hour or two before I hit the road recruiting again. We're allowed up to two hours a week until Big Blue Madness., I want to encourage you to read about our two new walk-ons, Brian Long and Sam Malone. I've known these two for a while and they are both great young men who will add to the team. , Excited to announce that our Coaches Clinic has been set for Oct. 23. The clinic is open to male and female fans and coaches. Find out how you can register at CoachCal.com. , To the Big Blue Nation and the Dominican Republic fans and countrymen, I've got a special message I want to share with you for your support during our run in Argentina, as well as fill you in on what to expect over the next week. Go Big Blue! , Just finished up our last game in Argentina. We won a bronze medal in international competition for the first time in DR history. We also beat Puerto Rico for the first time in an Olympics qualifier & finished w/ a 6-4 record (the country had eight wins in Olympics qualifers before this!). I'll have a post on my website for you later tonight that you'll want to read.  , Before we play tonight, let me thank our staff (Del, Orlando, Billy, Felipe and Rod) and most importantly the leadership of Eduardo and Jose. Their commitment has made this proram attractive for every player with Dominican descent who wants to participate. That's not always the case. These players were treated close to the NBA level. Thanks to all for making this worthwhile and rewarding., I hope all of the Big Blue Nation takes some time Sunday to reflect on everything we lost on 9/11. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims, their family members, the brave firefighters and policemen, and anyone that was affected by the tragedy. Never forget what happened that day., I’m just so disappointed for the DR team because their effort was tremendous. The DR should be proud of these guys. They never gave up and never gave in. Our goal was London and I’m sorry we fell short, but it’s kind of reaching for stars and grabbing the moon. To the BBN fans, I was in another home visit from Argentina this afternoon and I will be in another one tomorrow afternoon. Keep the faith., We pulled off a Kentucky first on Friday. We had our first home visit from South America. That’s right, BBN, Kenny Payne was in a home and I was on speakerphone. Read more about it on my website at CoachCal.com. Also, I want to wish Joker Phillips and the UK football team the best of luck today for their home opener. Go Cats! 
, Couple of things I wanted to share w/ the BBN. I texted Randall earlier to let him know how proud I was of him last night. What a great representative of UK. The second thing is, we've got a tough game Saturday as we try to make the DR's first Olympics. Brazil is playing better than anyone in the tournament. We beat them a few weeks ago but they're not the same team anymore. , To reconnect with some of our former players, we're going to have a "Where are they now" feature on CoachCal.com. We'll talk with some of your favorite UK stars as well of some of my former players. Hope you guys enjoy the new feature. First up is Scott Padgett, who I'm glad to hear is doing well at Manhattan. , Just heard all the way in Argentina that Randall Cobb just scored his first TD. What a great representative of Kentucky. #WeAreUK, I hear our volleyball team is playing Louisville at 7 p.m. in Memorial Coliseum. My Dominican Republic team plays our rival Puerto Rico tonight as well. I can't be at volleyball, so I need the Big Blue Nation to help cheer on the Cats. Who's got my back tonight?, Check out this exclusive CoachCal.com story on Jarrod Polson. Jarrod is a great teammate and he continues to get better. I feel very comfortable putting him into games, even in tough situations. , Wanted to let the Big Blue Nation in on a little secret: Papa John's is giving away 1 million FREE pizzas throughout the NFL regular season. You have to be a Papa Rewards Member to win the pizza, so make sure you sign up before the season kicks off! , We clinched a spot in the semis today at the FIBA Americas Championship. We're one win away Saturday from a spot in the Olympics! We saw Edgar after our game at the hospital and he's in great spirits. He watched the game and was happy for us. He's 23 years old and he's going to bounce back from this and be even better. Just a great young man who will always be part of our family. , Happy birthday to John Wall. Mrs. Calipari is working on your brownies! Have a great birthday., Congratulations to our final Facebook winners Joey Fletcher and Jonathon Blasdell. Joey won my autographed NBA Green Room pass from 2010 and Jonathon will receive my autographed Final Four ticket and 2011 Derby pass. Hope you enjoyed the desk giveaway. We'll do something like this again in the future., Check out this story on Stacey Poole. I have a lot of confidence in Stacey's ability to transform himself like Josh Harrellson did a year ago. I'm anxious to see what work he put in this offseason because I really think he could have an impact this season. , Please pray for Edgar Sosa. He suffered a leg injury at the end of our game today. It’s one of the most devastating things I’ve ever been through. My hope was Edgar would have NBA opportunities from this. It was just a freak thing with 35 seconds to go. He’s a terrific basketball player and a wonderful young man., I want to thank the Big Blue Nation for its support of the Dominican Republic team. The team was excited to learn that you are following us and cheering for us. Head to CoachCal.com to find out who and when we play next and check out an exclusive video message from me. , Just found out we clinched the top seed in our group at the FIBA Americas Championship. I'm told it's the first time the DR has clinched a top seed in group play in an Olympics qualifier. Now it's time to figure out how to get to the semifinals., I'm learning a lot of great stuff in FIBA basketball to bring home with me, some great movement action that I'm learning here that will fit into the dribble drive and make us better at Kentucky., I’m so happy for the effort we got today and our desire to win against Brazil. We’re trying to transform the basketball image in the DR. We’re trying to say Dominican basketball is about defense first, about tough rebounding and getting 50-50 balls, being an unselfish player, and playing tough at crunch time. We did that today and now we’ve given ourselves a chance to make the semifinals. , You know how the media talks about the Road to the Final Four? I'm giving away my autographed key to the Final Four. I'm also throwing in my Kentucky Derby ticket with my signature. Congratulations to Tina Horton and Josh Tackett for winning the Bulls tickets and guest passes., I asked my CoachCal.com editor to measure the effect of the Big Blue Nation and see just how powerful you are as a fan base. Check out what he came up with on CoachCal.com. It reminded me again that I work for the best fans in the country. Go Big Blue! And if you're following my Dominican Republic team, remember we play at 5 p.m. ET against Canada on ESPN3.com. Hope you can watch. , Josh Hopkins, a star on ABC's hit show "Cougar Town," has confirmed that he'll be at our Women's Clinic on Oct. 2. Josh is a huge Wildcat fan and we're happy to have him. If you haven't registered yet, make sure you do before the spots fill up!, Congrats to our latest two winners of my Facebook giveaway, Tina Horton and Josh Tackett. Tina and Josh are going to each get a set of my autographed ticket and guest pass to one of the Bulls' playoff games last year. Next up is my signed credential to the 2010 NBA Draft Green Room. I still can't believe what a special night that was., To walk away and win today against Venezuela was incredible. Anytime you're down 17 and can come back, that's a good win. We got beat to every loose ball and rebound in the third quarter but we became the aggressor in the third quarter. I was told after the game that it was the Dominican Republic's biggest comeback in international play. Really proud to be a part of it., Really proud of how we opened the FIBA Americas Championship. We're getting better & everyone wants to be coached. After the game I was asked if I was feeling the pressure of trying to qualify the DR for the Olympics. I said, "You don’t understand, Kentucky is like a country. There is only one thing UK fans want to do and that’s win national titles. It’s not qualifying for national titles; it’s about winning them.", One of the things I enjoy about my job: Getting to meet some of the game's best players like UCLA great Gail Goodrich. Hope everyone is having a great day in Big Blue Nation., Time to give away more free stuff to the Big Blue Nation. Susan Walls Hooks was our latest winner. This time I'm giving away TWO sets of my Chicago Bulls Playoff tickets and guest passes (with my signature). Remember, you don't need to do anything to win other than be a fan of my Facebook page., Big Blue Nation, let's all wish Mitch Barnhart a happy birthday. We are all seeing big changes at UK and I think he'll be AD of the Year., Congrats to UK men's soccer Coach Ian Collins on winning his 200th game last night against Dayton. Go Big Blue!, I've been in this coaching business a long time, but the Dominican Republic job is the biggest challenge that I’ve ever had in my coaching career. I'm encouraged by the progress we've made, but I'm still learning my players and they're still learning my system. We've only been together a few weeks. I'm anxious to see the progress they've made tonight against Canada. , Allen Sparks is the latest winner for my desk giveaway. Allen, you should be contacted soon on how to claim your prize. This time I'm giving away another SEC poster with all 12 signatures for SEC coaches, but this time the winner will get an autograph of my Kentucky Derby ticket., I talked with my Kentucky players over the phone yesterday for the first time as a team. I plan on doing a teleconference with them once a week until I return from South America. I've been told this group is already really close., I was heartbroken when Jon Hood tore his ACL last month but I'm glad to hear he's bouncing back and working his way to come back either this year or next. Jon's a great kid and a pleasure to coach. Check out this exclusive feature on him on CoachCal.com. , Big Blue Nation, if you missed out on my exclusive invitation earlier this week, make sure you sign up this time. Our friends at a Lexington company are creating a unique game that is both fun to play and helps kids right here in Kentucky. The game just opened up for an exclusive preview for UK fans and friends, limited to the first 1,000 folks who sign up. Bring a friend and sign up: bit.ly/LeXcOAchCal , Our Champions Classic game against Kansas on Nov. 15 in Madison Square Garden has been set for a 9 p.m. tip as a part of ESPN's College Hoops Tip-Off Marathon. Let's paint the Garden in UK blue!, Before our game tonight, I wanted to give my fans a video update from Brazil. Check it out at CoachCal.com. , Our 2011 Women's Clinic will be Oct. 2 from 4 to 7 p.m. at the Joe Craft Center and Memorial Coliseum. Register now before the spots fill up. We had a blast at last year's clinic. , Congratulations to Jason Drenon and Tim Frazer for winning the autographed Yankees tickets, guest passes and programs that I'm giving away. Jason and Tim, we'll be contacting you to claim your prize. The next thing I'm giving away is my pass to the SEC spring meetings (with my signature) along with the autographs of all 12 SEC basketball coaches. Remember, you don't have to do anything to win other than be a fan of my page., I decided to take the team sightseeing yesterday to the Iguazu Falls. The water falls were unbelievable. I felt like I was taking a shower the entire day., Really excited and proud to lead the Dominican Republic team into the 2011 Marchand Continental Championship Cup in Brazil. Our first game is against Puerto Rico on Wednesday night. , Just found out about Pat Summitt. When I heard the news in Brazil, I was stunned. Pat Summitt transcends her sport. She is more than just a coach; she is a leader in her field. Pat Summitt was one of the original promoters of women’s sports and no one has done more for her sport or for women in general than she has. She will be in my daily prayers and I urge all of the Big Blue Nation to keep her in your thoughts and prayers., As I promised last week, I'm giving away some items that I cleaned out from my desk. First up are two sets of my Yankees tickets (with my autograph), special guest passes and Yankees programs. You don't have to do anything to win. I'll randomly select two fans over the next couple of days and give away a set of each. And if you're not a Yankees fan, check back in a few days -- I've got plenty more to give out!, BBN, I want to encourage you to read this story on Del Harris, who is serving as one of my assistants with the Dominican Republic team. I wouldn't have agreed to coach the team without him. Not only is he benefitting the DR, he's helping me, Orlando and Rod become better coaches, which will help up this season at UK. He is a Hall of Famer in my book and deserves not only our support but a spot in the Hall of Fame. , We all love games, but our friends at a Lexington company are doing more with Facebook games than just having fun. They'd like the help of BBN to help shape the direction of the new game. If you or someone you know enjoys playing Facebook games, be among the first to accept my exclusive invitation to the Coach Cal Friends beta of the game. Only the first 1,000 fans get access. Join me at bit.ly/cOAchCaL to sign up!, Headed to Argentina to do some sight seeing. I went to mass this morning but it was in Portuguese. I did know when to say amen though., It's lunch time here in Brazil and I'm really wishing I had some Papa John's. Our CoachCal.com sponsor Papa John's has an iPhone App to make it easy to order for those of us always on the run. You can download it at http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/papa-johns/id407517450?mt=8# , This hasn't been an easy trip, but we're finally in Brazil. I slept two hours at baggage claim. But seeing Iguazu Falls on the bus ride made it all worth it., Cleaned out some of my desk before I left for the Dominican Republic and came across some items you may be interested in. Starting next week, I'm going to start to giving away some of those items to my loyal fans on Facebook. You don't need to do anything to win other than be a fan of my Facebook page, but make sure you tell your friends and check back next week. Go Big Blue!, I got to thinking more about the completion of our schedule and wanted to share a few thoughts. When you talk about 12 SEC games on national TV and the four others in over 50 million homes on the SEC Network, that's crazy. I love being at UK and part of the SEC. Commissioner Mike Slive has done an unbelievable job putting together our TV package with ESPN and CBS. I didn't know ESPNU was in over 70 million homes and the SEC Network in over 50 million homes. SEC fans are crazy!, Big Blue Nation, go check out "A Night Out With Walter McCarty" at the Lexington Opera House on Aug. 28. Let's support our family. We are UK! , The league released our SEC schedule. Big Blue Nation, get ready to watch your team because we are on national TV an SEC-leading 12 of 16 games. , Our very own John Wall answered a few questions for my website while he was in town during the exhibition series. John had a lot of great stuff to say about our program and our fans. He's humble and he's a perfectionist, two traits I love as a coach., We've got even more great behind-the-scenes video from the "Pros vs. Dominican Republic" exhibition series that you won't find anywhere else but CoachCal.com. Go inside the locker room with Coach Hall and Coach Crum as they prepared their team Monday night. I've only been in the Dominican Republic a few hours and I'm already missing the Big Blue Nation., Before I get ready for tonight, I want to share this exclusive behind-the-scenes video of the Pros shootaround from yesterday. If you don't think those guys were out to win last night, you will after the watching the video. Coach Hall's still got it, doesn't he? I have a feeling his guys will be ready to go tonight. See you at the Yum! Center., As promised earlier, here are my top 10 serious moments from last night's exhibition game. What are some of your's? , ESPN announced its Super Tuesday schedule today and once again we lead the league with four appearances: http://www.coachcal.com/2011/08/16/uk-featured-on-four-super-tuesday-games/, We laughed so much at Wheeler's this morning about last night's game that I decided to make a list of the top 10 funniest moments from a special evening at Rupp. Check it out at http://www.coachcal.com/2011/08/16/the-top-10-funniest-moments-from-%e2%80%98pros-vs-dominican-republic%e2%80%99/ and tell me what were some of your funniest moments. Check back later for my top 10 serious moments., If you didn't make it to Rupp last night or couldn't watch the game on TV, find out what you missed at http://www.coachcal.com/2011/08/16/homecoming-loss-doesnt-spoil-breathtaking-return-for-pros/. I hear we've got a pretty cool behind-the-scenes video on the way, so stay tuned., The votes are in for starters for game two. You picked Rajon Rondo, John Wall, DeMarcus Cousins, Brandon Knight and Josh Harrellson., Unbelievable atmosphere tonight in Rupp Arena. It was like an NBA playoffs atmosphere. Del Harris couldn't believe it. And the place went bonkers when we introduced Coach Hall. I was really proud to how my team responded to a big challege and how both teams played to win. If you were there tonight, you can bring your ticket stub to the Yum! Center box office in exchange for a $5 ticket to tomorrow's game., One more picture for you all and then it's time to focus on tonight's game. It looks like Coach Hall has something up his sleeve. They kicked me out after I took this last picture., I told Coach Hall these guys are only allowed 15 minutes of practice before tonight's game., Just finished up shootaround at Rupp. We're ready for the Pros tonight., Had a great time last night at deSha's for the pre-exhibition red carpet reception. It was great seeing some of the former guys back in town and I'm excited for tonight's game. The best part about last night was Coach Hall had a blast! Check out some photos from last night at http://www.coachcal.com/2011/08/15/photo-gallery-uk-pros-hit-the-red-carpet-at-pre-exhibition-reception/, Good news, Big Blue Nation. WKYT-27 will be televising Monday night's "Pros vs. Dominican Republic" exhibition game live at 7:30 p.m. with Dave Baker and Christi Thomas. The pregame show starts at 7 p.m. http://www.coachcal.com/2011/08/14/wkyt-to-televise-pros-vs-dominican-republic-live/ , The starters (by fan vote) for The Pros at Rupp Arena: DeMarcus Cousins, Jodie Meeks, Tayshaun Prince, Rajon Rondo and John Wall. You picked the starters for Rupp. Now its time to select the starting 5 for the Yum! Center. Click on the link to vote!, I'm glad the NFL is back going and my Steelers are playing now. My friends at Papa John's are excited too and I hear they are selling large pizzas for just $11. I just ate but I'm thinking of using the Dominican Team as an excuse to grab a snack and a few slices of Papa John's sounds pretty good right now., Just got off the phone with Jon Hood. He's already at home after surgery this morning. Jon said he feels good and thanks for all the support by the Big Blue Nation., We were able to announce our new initiative to bring financial literacy education to children in Kentucky today. Along with Kentucky First Lady Jane Beshear, Kentucky Education Commissioner Terry Holliday, Congressman Hal Rogers, Congressman Ben Chandler, UK President Eli Capilouto and EverFi CEO Tom Davidson, we talked about what the initiative means and what it will bring to the youth of the state., Sitting with the 2010 championship derby trophy from Super Saver's win and Elliot Walden, president of WinStar farms. They graciously hosted the Dominican Republic National Team for dinner last night. Thanks to Malone's who catered our meal at WinStar. Ron and the crew are great! The best!, Uh Oh Big Blue Nation, we got challenged again. Someone said you can't pack the Yum Center. Please, I want to say Kaboom after we paint it blue! Tickets are available for purchase at all Ticketmaster outlets, Phone at 1-800-745-3000. Over half the tickets have been sold for the game in Louisville. If you're interested in a group package for kids email: PROSvsDR@gmail.com., Special thanks to Rafferty's for helping the staff celebrate two birthdays today for assistant coach John Robic and office assistant Linda Carmack. Linda is one of the few people that was already at UK when I started and Robes has worked for me more than anyone on my staff. Happy Birthday to you both!, Our game against St. John’s in the Big East/SEC Challenge has been set for a 7:30 p.m. ET tipoff in Rupp Arena on ESPN2.  Should be a battle., Make sure you go to www.PROSvsDR.com for once in a lifetime access to the exhibition game between The Pros and The Dominican National Team at Rupp Arena.  The Courtside/VIP packages include two courtside seats, one parking pass & two VIP area access passes.  Only a few of these packages were made available to the public., Check out the final part of our summer series at CoachCal.com on Ryan Harrow.  He's a great kid and the Big Blue Nation will love him.  He's extremely athletic and the great thing is he can come learn our system and get physically stronger before he takes the court.  Take a look., Our sports video department continues to be top-notch.  Check out last year's highlight video.  I saw it in the Joe Craft Center as I walked to practice and it brought back some great memories., Has everyone bought your tickets for the second exhibition game in Louisville yet? Tickets are still available for all 3 prices ($15, $35 & $100).  I'll be coaching the Dominican team against Denny Crum & Joe B. Hall and their collection of Pros, including Mohammed, Rondo, Wall, Cousins, Bledsoe, Knight, Liggins and Harrellson.  Should be a fun couple of nights. We'll vote on those starters starting on Thursday., My friend Joey Palumbo got me a book for my travels. Truman by David McCullough. It is 992 pages!!! I'm still finishing Lincoln & Auschwitz, so I have lots of reading to do. Tell me about your summers.  What did you guys do?, At Great American Ball Park with my dad and the Dominican National Team to watch the Reds play. The team took a picture with fellow Dominicans Johnny Cueto and Francisco Cordero before the game. I got a ton of questions about football. I'm going to have to ask Joker can I watch more practices., Check out Marquis Teague's story from our 5-part CoachCal.com series.  Marquis is a great kid and we are in good hands with him as our lead guard., I think you should pick the starting 5 for The Pros. Vote for the starting 5 at Rupp Arena at the link below., Who was the last coach Sam Bowie played under?, Make sure you like Joker's fan page. I hear its gonna be an exciting year for UK Football.  New scoreboards, new players and new uniforms! I hope to make my usual trips over to practice once I return from the Tournament of Americas during Louisville Week. The Big Blue Nation's support for our football team is big for our recruiting too. Go Big Blue! #WeAreUK, The staff just ordered some of the new double layered Premium Pepperoni Pizzas from Papa John's for the Dominican Republic National Team. As a sponsor for my website, CoachCal.com, Papa John's has helped Ellen and I raise money for the Calipari Family Foundation for Children. Thanks again, Big Blue Nation for your support., The pre-sale for tickets to the Dominican National Team exhibition game at the Yum! Center in Louisville ends tonight at 10 pm ET. Remember the Code is 'GAME'., I kicked off training camp for the Dominican Republic national team earlier this week at the Joe Craft Center. Hear what some of the players, including NBA stars Al Horford, Charlie Villanueva and current Wildcat Eloy Vargas, have to say about playing for the team., The pre-sale for the exhibition game in Louisville started at 10 am ET. We will play against John Wall, DeMarcus Cousins, Rajon Rondo, Eric Bledsoe, Nazr Mohammed, Brandon Knight, Josh Harrellson & DeAndre Liggins.  Looks like the $100 seats are gone and the $35 tickets are almost gone too.  We might as well paint the place Blue! You people are crazy and I love it!, One more announcement before we call it a night. I'm pleased to announce that Denny Crum will be assisting us with the Pros team for both exhibition games., Tickets will go on sale for the game in Louisville on Friday but you will have access to the pre-sale on Thursday at 10 am ET. Tomorrow morning use the password "GAME" to purchase tickets. The prices are the same: $15 (upper level), $35 (lower level) & $100 (1st few lower level rows)., I heard from the Big Blue Nation and because of the sell out at Rupp and your demand for tickets we have added a second game in the area.  We will now play in Louisville on August 16th.  We have most of the same guys for the Pros playing in both games but a few will be replaced by some of last year's draftees., Just talked to our new president. He's now on Facebook & Twitter @UKYPRES – follow and like his page BBN! , Interesting story over at kyforward.com on my twitter account. I know some of you follow me on twitter as well and I want to thank you for being a follower and my friend., Don't forget that tickets go on sale tomorrow (Monday, 8/1) at 10 am ET for the Dominican Republic National Team exhibition game on August 15 at 7:30 pm. Go to www.ticketmaster.com, I still can't believe the pre-sale was a sellout. You people are crazy, but you know I love it! If you didn't get tickets during the pre-sale, don't worry because you have one more chance on Monday.  The remaining tickets which include seats in all three levels will go on sale at 10:00 am ET on Monday, August 1st., I'm not sure if heard about it yesterday, but I'm proud to announce that Joe B. Hall has joined my Dominican team coaching staff. He will be with us at practice and the exhibition game. Coach Hall already has international coaching experience and brings a lot to the table and I'm glad that I finally have the chance to coach with him. #WeAreUK, I heard Joker was great at the Kickoff Luncheon. I missed him & lunch. I grabbed Papa John's pizza to celebrate Football was back! I also learned about a special treat for you guys this weekend. All online purchases made by new & existing Papa Rewards members from 7/29-31 will earn double points towards free pizza. So place your order now & lets get Back To Football!, The password for the pre-sale is 'NATION' and tickets for the DR National Team exhibition go sale at 10 am ET., Last thing. I will post the pre-sale passcode for tickets to the Dominican National Team exhibition game on Friday morning at 8 am ET. Just for you!, John Wall, Rajon Rondo and Eric Bledsoe all plan to enroll in school for the fall semester if the NBA lockout continues. Kaboom!, I had a busy day today and its not even August. ProCamp in the morning, then I got to introduce Oscar Robertson at lunch, more camp with a TV interview mixed in, some recruiting on the road and tonight I'm having dinner with a candidate for an open position on the staff. I've heard from a few former players that plan to enroll in school in the Fall and also I still need to tell you about my Friday special treat., Here's a special note to all my Facebook friends.  Make sure you're paying attention to this page on Friday morning, I have a special treat just for you!, One thing I learned from reading about Theodore Roosevelt was that you shouldn't look for a life of ease. You wanna be in the fight! It's amazing all the things he stood for during his time at the turn of the century. Can anyone name some of them?, I've been finishing up on my reading.  Does anybody know where the term "teddy bear" came from?  Anyone know the whole story?, Tickets will go on sale Monday at 10 am ET for the 2011 Basketball Hall of Fame Tip-Off on Saturday, Nov. 19, and Sunday, Nov. 20 at the Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville, Connecticut. UK will play Penn State and either Old Dominion/South Florida. Tickets are available at all Ticketmaster outlets and the Mohegan Sun Box Office. Let's spread the Blue Mist all over Connecticut!, First day of our overnight camp with registration already underway. Always great to see so many kids that love the game of basketball. I'm glad to be able to get the camp started before doing a little more recruiting.  We have already had satellite camps, father/son camp plus overnight camp and procamps are this week.  What other camp formats does the Big Blue Nation want to see?, Make sure you read this great story on CoachCal.com on one of our new freshmen, Kyle Wiltjer. He's a great student of the game that learned a lot from his dad who stands 6-11.  I know you've seen the hook shot but he's bring a whole lot more. I can't wait to start working with these kids. Let me know what you think?, I was told yesterday that there were only 38 spots are left for our ProCamp, July 28-30. Brandon Knight, DeAndre Liggins and Josh harrellson will join us over the three-day camp along with Tayshaun Prince. From your suggestions, I now also expect several other former UK stars currently playing in the NBA to stop by for autograph opportunities throughout the three-day period. Who's coming?, Here's the story of “The Turtle and the Scorpion.” It’s a story my father told me that I’ve hung on to throughout my coaching career. Let me know what you think?, Senator McConnell gave me one of the best compliments, saying You produce more millionaires than a Wall Street firm! I underestimated our fans. I thought I could slip in and out of DC without anyone noticing. I should know better., Jon Hood suffered a torn right ACL playing in a pick-up basketball game on Monday. Surgery will be scheduled once the inflammation subsides and there is no timetable on his return. This is a tough blow for both Jon and our team. Veteran leadership on a young team is irreplaceable but if I know Jon he will use this to come back even stronger. If you could, leave Jon a pick me up below in your comments., I watched my favorite sports movie, Hoosiers, Monday. Taking a team of young people to battle who feel empowered, what's better than that? I have another story to tell the Big Blue Nation from my dad called "The Turtle and the Scorpion". Anyone heard it already?, Great story on Anthony Davis over at CoachCal.com by Cat Scratches' Guy Ramsey. Anthony is an unbelievable talent but even more he's a kid that the Big Blue Nation will be really proud of., Remember when I talked about the gold standard? Take a virtual tour of the future Wildcat Coal Lodge. The lodge, which is currently being built next to the Joe Craft Center, is expected to be completed by fall 2012., I stopped in George's Deli for lunch today.  What should I have ordered?, I'm driving home and my son Brad is already on the basketball court waiting on me.  I can't wait to see my wife, Ellen. I've been gone way too long. I do have some important phone calls to make over the next few days but it feels really good to be heading back to Lexington. #WeAreUK, Check out this story on CoachCal.com. Michael is an unbelievable kid and the Big Blue Nation is going to love his passion for the game., I know I haven't been on Facebook much the last few days, so for your patience here's our non-conference schedule: http://www.ukathletics.com/blog/2011/07/cat-scratches-annual-basketball-schedule-breakdown-nonconference-edition.html, I wore the wrong shade of blue in the gym today. UNC's Roy Williams came over to me and noted how he loved seeing me in Carolina Blue so I immediately went back to my hotel room and changed shirts. It won't happen again. Only Kentucky Blue for me! #WeAreUK, Here are the short books I'm reading during my down time while on the road recruting: Lion in the White House: A Life of Theodore Roosevelt by Aida D. Donald and The Present by Spencer Johnson.  I will also read The Art of War by Sun Tzu before our season begins. I don't think anyone ever guessed it but I was in Springfield, Massachusetts yesterday before heading to North Augusta, South Carolina last night., I picked up three more short books even though I haven't finished the other two that I've been reading this summer.  I'll share what I'm reading later. Everyone wish Strick a Happy Birthday below in the comments. Rod Strickland has been a part of my staff for 5 years and it's been great to have a 17-year NBA veteran around. I think he can still play a few seasons. Happy Birthday, Strick!, I was in a bookstoreearlier today and I looked on the bottom shelf and saw a book that just didn't seem to belong tuck away at the bottom, so I put it in its rightful place., Spots for the remaining basketball camps are filling up fast. Scheduled for July 24-27, the Overnight Camp will be dedicated to helping each camper learn new techniques, improving skills, games & more. The Prasco pro camps, scheduled for July 28-30, will feature Brandon Knight (7/28), DeAndre Liggins (7/29) & Josh Harrellson (7/30). For more info, call 859.257.1916 or go online to www.ukathletics.com/camps., I'm going incognito today with sunglasses and a baseball cap on.  Who can spot me and let everyone know what city I'm in today?, Today was a hot one in the gym in Atlanta. Does anyone know what the mascot for Oglethorpe University is and the story behind it?, Just arrived in Akron. Had to give a little head fake last night so that I could get some work done today. Excited to be in Akron because I'll actually get to watch a few of my own guys play. Just posted this year's roster, take a look. http://www.ukathletics.com/sports/m-baskbl/mtt/kty-m-baskbl-mtt.html, Big Blue Nation, please continue to pray for our good friend Kyle Pezzi as he goes through chemo. Also, one of Kevin Massey's friends showed me a picture of his new haircut. He looked great and is doing well. I was in Indianapolis today, got up at 6 am and I've been at the gym all day, just leaving around 9:30 pm. I'm getting too old for this. My next stop is Akron. What's going on in Lexington?, Let's all wish a special happy birthday to Ms. Geneva Helm who turned 104 years young today. Geneva loves the Wildcats and her energy and devotion to UK and our basketball team is unmatched. The July recruiting period didn't allow me to wish her a happy birthday in person, so let's make up for it in your comments below., Take a look at this exclusive interview with Enes Kanter before the NBA Draft.  Enes is a great kid and he will forever be grateful for how the Big Blue Nation took him in and made Lexington feel like home. http://www.studyinamerica.com/exclusive-interviews/i-am-enes-kanter/, 2011 NBA Draftees: Brandon Knight on July 28, DeAndre Liggins on July 29 and Josh Harrellson on July 30 will be at our ProCamp at the end of the month. We are also proud to announce that Tayshaun Prince will be co-hosting all 3 days of the camp. Let me know who else you'd like to see there in your comments. http://www.ukathletics.com/sports/m-baskbl/spec-rel/052611aab.html  , Don't forget to register for our upcoming Overnight Camp (July 24-27) and ProCamps (July 28-30) later this month. Our satellite camp tour was a success and our father/son camp sold out, so don't wait too late! http://www.ukathletics.com/camps/, Big Blue Nation, have a Happy 4th of July! Let's all be safe today and enjoy the food and festivities. #WeAreUK, My job as a head coach is to help all of our family, including players, staff and assistant coaches, to reach their dreams. You want everyone in this program to benefit from its success.  It makes me proud to see guys like Tony Delk, Scott Padgett, Martin Newton, David Scott and Jason Walberg move up the ladder in their careers., Part of what we want to continue to do is give former players from our family the opportunity to jumpstart their careers. I’m so thankful that Tony was with us our first two years at Kentucky. His background as a UK graduate, national title winner and NBA veteran provided a valuable resource for our program., Congratulations to Tony Delk, who will now have the opportunity to be an assistant coach at New Mexico State. There’s no doubt in my mind that Tony will be a great basketball coach and I couldn’t be happier for him., I reached out to every former Wildcat that’s in NBA and having to deal with this lockout to make sure they knew the Joe Craft Center is available to train if needed. If they want to finish up some school work while in Lexington, we will help with that as well. We just want to make sure all our players know that it’s all about family here at UK. #WeAreUK, On behalf of our basketball program I want to officially welcome University of Kentucky's 12th president, Dr. Eli Capilouto & his family to the Commonwealth! http://t.co/Cp16YFf  
Also, hope you will take some time to read my pre-4th of July message at CoachCal.com. Be safe out there & Go Big Blue!, Part 2 of 2: David leaves some big shoes to fill and he will be missed, but we all wish him the best at his next stop. We will continue to be aggressive & innovative in social media as we explore ways of bringing the Big Blue Nation closer to our program. Make sure you congratulate David in the comments below for making us a leader in collegiate social media., Part 1 of 2: Congratulations to David Scott as he leaves his role as editor of CoachCal.com for a new venture as ESPN Director, Communications. David has been a great friend & confidant to me during my time in Lexington working w/our social media & my website. Prior to my arrival at UK, we co-authored "Bounce Back" & he’s been a vital part of my team ever since. (Cont'd.), President Todd & Patsy are in their final day as UK president & First Lady & I would be remiss if I didn't wish them both much happiness & joy on this next chapter in their lives. Thank you for all you have done for our program & the university as a whole. God Bless. , Had a super time at the Yankees game last night. Full day of eating, touring & sharing time w/friends in & around NYC. Had to share this picture of me & Reggie Jackson. Mr. October himself!
I'd urge you to check out CoachCal.com for Ken Howlett's super pre-July 4 look at our 4 NBA Draft picks from last season's team. http://bit.ly/DraftCats11July4, Had lunch with the family at Angelos on Mulberry in NYC. Nice. We had to stop at Ferrara's too. Over the top. I may not have to eat again until Sunday!! Hope everyone is finishing up the week strong & getting ready for a holiday weekend w/family, friends & fellow Big Blue Nation citizens!!, Can't believe we're almost through June! But you all know what that means: we're getting closer to when I can start working w/this year's team! I can't wait & I'm happy to hear the guys are all getting along well, taking care of their studies & working out. Champions are made in the off-season. Have a great Wednesday & Go Big Blue!, Congratulations to Clarion's Rich Herman on his induction into the CoSIDA Hall of Fame tonight. He is an unbelievable person & dear friend. Also congrats to the SEC's Charles Bloom & the other honorees on being inducted into the CoSIDA and Academic All-American Hall of Fames., Enjoying some more family time before recruiting heats up again in July. I've been reading my books & even started doing some Rosetta Stone to help with my Spanish as I coach the Dominican National team - just hoping to pick up some key words & terms - mainly, DEFENSE & RUN!!! Hope you are enjoying the day - always a good time to check out what Orange leaf has going on & give them a LIKE on their page. Go Big Blue!, Read all about Coach Calipari's contract extension at Eric Lindsey's Cat Scratches blog, w/additional comments from Coach Cal himself. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Heard from Enes today & he wants everyone to know that his official twitter account is @Enes_Kanter & that he misses UK already. Hope you're having a great Sunday! Go Big Blue!, You know I'm starting to relax a bit when I start up my summer reading list again!! Here are the 1st two I'm working on: "Auschwitz: A New History," By Laurance Rees (my daughter Megan's suggestion) & another Lincoln book - can never get enough of Honest Abe - "Lincoln," by David Herbert Donald. Just finished an Eisenhower book written by his grandson, David, "Going Home to Glory." I love reading & hope you do too!!, Enjoying some family & friends time & reflecting back on what a special night Thursday was for our guys & our program. So proud of Enes, Brandon, Josh & DeAndre.
Had the pleasure of meeting Norman Van Arsdalen in NY (photo below). He went on a UK trip 2 Israel, Greece & Iran w/ Rupp, Riley, Dampier & the boys. Can you imagine how great that was? Wow!! Go Big Blue!, Hey Big Blue Nation: You will all get a huge kick out of the link below as it features John Wall in a promotion for the July 13th ESPY's. Check it out.
Also, be sure to get over to YogAurt on Sat. from 10 am to Noon, sponsored by Orange Leaf & Urban Active. More info here: http://on.fb.me/YogAurt2011 ^CoachCal.com Staff, There's only one place to get Coach Cal's reflections on NBA Draft Night 2011 - CoachCal.com. Read about Coach's Green Room nerves; the "Kentucky Effect" & how fate intervenes yet again. ^CoachCal.com Staff, The "Kentucky Effect" produced another incredible night for our program as Enes, Brandon, Josh & DeAndre were all selected in the NBA Draft & now begin the next chapter of their lives. Ellen & I & our staff & players are so proud of them & the lessons they teach us all about hard work, determination & following ur dreams. Let's flood comments w/congrats to all. Go Big Blue!!, I'm so proud of Enes & Brandon & was honored to be able to share some of their special night w/them. They both went to teams - Utah & Detroit - where they will fit in great & be given a chance to shine. 
Let's all keep rooting for Josh & DeAndre as the Draft continues to unfold. We Are All Cats Tonight!!! Go Big Blue!, Join in with CoachCal.com Editor David Scott as he live blogs the 2011 NBA Draft w/check-ins from Coach Cal himself & other UK Staffers. Guaranteed to be a great time. Click below or scroll down on the left & click on the link., Having a Draft Viewing Party? Why not invite Papa over. Our CoachCal.com partner let us know about this great offer: Get ANY Two Large pizzas for $10 each at www.papajohns.com. Use promo code T623ANY2. Good thru 6/26.   
Join us at 7:15 pm for a Live Blog of the NBA Draft by clicking the tab to the left. See you then!, Excited to announce we have signed a deal to bring Orange Leaf to all of Kentucky! Currently working to open stores in: Richmond, Louisville (3), Bellevue, Owensboro, & Elizabethtown. Even more in the works. . .Where would you like to see OL next? Be sure to give them a LIKE at the link below & let them know you can't wait for the new stores!!, Hope every1 is getting ready for tonite's Draft. Coach Cal is en route to NJ's Prudential Center. He will be checking in w/us throughout the nite as we Live Blog right here at Coach's Facebook Page. Scroll down on the lefthand side & click on "NBA Draft Live Blog" at 7:15 p.m. Join CoachCal.com editor David Scott & a host of characters as they dissect the draft live from Boston. ^CoachCal.com, We've got two sessions of our satellite camp in Louisville today, both at Christian Academy & I was able to meet with my friends from the media this morning. I'm so excited to get to the Draft tonight & be able to be in the Green Room w/both Enes & Brandon. Hope you will all be watching!! Go Big Blue!, Another super day of satellite camps in London & Danville. Special thanks to Greg Hoskins & the crew at Mallards in Danville once again! Best food in town! 
Also thanks to Shiloh's Roadhouse in London (Scott & Jerry) for the 2nd year in a row w/their terrific service once again!!! Louisville Thurs. & then I'll be heading to the NBA Draft - can't wait!, Great morning in London w/another fantastic group of youngsters who are proud to be part of the Big Blue Nation.
Wanted to alert you to a neat event being sponsored by our team at Orange Leaf this Sat, 6/25 in Lex. It's call YogAurt & it combines 2 great & healthy endeavors: Yoga & Orange Leaf frozen yogurt!! Find out more here: http://on.fb.me/OLyogaurt2011, Heading to our 1st camp of the day in London, KY & then we'll be in Danville this afternoon. Hope all the youngsters are ready for a couple of great sessions.
Please take a minute & wish Brandon Weems from our staff a very happy birthday. We've been fortunate to have "Weemsy" w/us at UK - he is the driving force behind our camps & many other aspects of our program. We r lucky to have him., Some of you will remember a young man I met last Fall during a talk at Lexington Catholic - his name is Kyle Pezzi (orig. story linked below). Kyle will be undergoing surgery this week so I thought it would be neat if we could show Kyle & his family some of the Big Blue Nation's Big Blue Heart by wishing him all the best & letting him know he's in our prayers. Stay strong, Kyle. Look forward to seeing you again soon., Another super day of Satellite Camps & looking forward to London & Danville tomorrow. 
My Dad called from Charlotte & some of his friends  who are also UK fans asked that we make sure all the BBN members living in North Carolina know about a super project. The group at the link below is very close to being able to offer special UK license plates for NC car owners who bleed OUR color blue!! Let's get it done!!, We are well into our 2nd camp of the day w/help from the great staff at Buckhead Mtn. Grill!! They fueled our camp staff up w/great food & service!! Enjoying being in Independence & sharing time w/another group of young citizens of the Big Blue Nation. Hope everyone is having a good Tuesday. Only 2 more days til the NBA Draft!! Can't wait. Go Big Blue!, A super morning in Newport & we're looking forward to Independence later today. 
Neat story from a start-up website focusing on "community journalism" in KY regarding last weekend's Father/Son Camp. Thanks to Judith Clabes for sharing w/her readership. http://bitly.com/kHceEW
We hope that's the type of experience we offer all camp attendees. Enjoy your day. Go Big Blue!, Incredible 1st day of our Satellite Camps 2011 Tour (Bowling Green & Bardstown). The youngsters were tremendous & so attentive & we had a lot of smiling faces. It's neat to see the next generation of the Big Blue Nation learning how special this game & this program are. Check out CoachCal.com all week for an updated photo gallery from the Tour. Tues. we hit Newport & Independence. Go Big Blue!, Kicking off our big week of satellite camps w/our 1st stop in Bowling Green w/a fantastic crowd. Exciting week ahead as Thurs. brings us the NBA Draft & I'm looking forward to being in the Green Room w/Enes & Brandon as their dreams come true.
Still some space at our camps this week, visit: http://www.ukathletics.com/camps/
Make the most of your Monday & Go Big Blue!, Hope everyone continues to enjoy their Father's Day. Wanted to commend UK Opera Theatre Director Everett McCorvey for his group's incredible Sat. nite tribute to UK President Dr. Todd & First Lady Patsy. I've got to see one of Everett's practices - how does get 30 people to work together like 1? Also, Happy BDay to my long-time friend, Ray "Rock" Oliver - We love you Ray, enjoy!, Happy Father's Day to my dad, Vince, the grinder who taught me & my sisters the value of hard work & unconditional love. Of course, Happy Dad's Day to all the fabulous dads in the Big Blue Nation - getting to share time w/some of you at our 2011 Father/Son Camp only reinforces how special the BBN's male role models truly are. Enjoy the day & Go Big Blue!!, Moms, don't worry, your boys are eating well!! Grabbing lunch and signing and taking pictures before we head into the final sessions of the 2011 Father/Son Camp. So many smiling faces and the common thread of love for UK Basketball - amazing stuff. Thanks to everyone for coming & being part of our biggest camp yet. Go Big Blue!, One of the many neat things about our Father/Son camp is that the campers get to see our guys play even before me and the staff do! Last nite after we were done, they were able to watch some pick-up ball & it was good for both the fans & our new guys to understand how beloved they are. Get a taste of what I had to say to the campers at CoachCal.com & check the photo gallery 2 see ur Father or Son!! , Off to a super start at the 2011 Father/Son camp. Always hard to tell who is having more fun - dads or kids!! Our staff really loves this kick-off to Camps Season; it's one of the best parts of our job when we can share this great game w/different generations of the BBN. You can check CoachCal.com throughout the weekend for our Father/Son picture gallery. See if you can spot your guys sweating & working!!, We're all busy preparing for the arrival of our Father/Son camp participants this afternoon. Can't wait - going to be another super camp!
Wanted to remind everyone to check out the Orange Leaf Facebook page (link below): First off, make sure you LIKE their page; more importantly, notice that Dads get 50% off their FroYo on Sunday. You know I'm making Brad take me!!! Go Big Blue!, Putting some final touches on our Father/Son Camp which starts tomorrow. Can't wait for it! Have to thank Jimmy and the gang at Rafferty's for feeding the staff today - they never fail to provide the fuel to keep us going!!! Make it a great day, Go Big Blue!, Looking forward to seeing some good friends at the Richmond YMCA tonight for a special evening. 
Talked w/our friends at Papa John's and they had a great suggestion for the sure-fire Father's Day gift: Get your favorite Papa a "Papa Card" for "Papa's Day." One size fits all & maybe Dad will even share a slice or two with you!! (Order at the link below), Hoping we can flood the comments section below with birthday wishes for a very special member of our family, UK Media Relations Director, DeWayne Peevy. He's not only the best in his field; he's an incredible husband, father, son, sibling & a true confidant of mine. It's my distinct pleasure to be able to not only work w/him but to call him my friend. Enjoy your day DeWayne & thanks for all you do for the BBN!, Still not sure what to get Dad for Father's Day? Coach Cal has the perfect gift! Sign up for the Coach Cal Mobile Network & you will be eligible to win a signed iPad, lunch w/Coach & other great Dad-worthy prizes. But you must be enrolled by Fri when winners will be contacted  by our partner, Marlimar. Text: CAL to 28553 or sign up at the link below. Your Dad - & the CFFC - will thank you!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Just heard that both this weekend's Father/Son camp & the Bowling Green satellite camp have sold out!! That's amazing but don't worry: Plenty of camp opportunities remain. Click on the link below.
Also, I got word that UK super fan, Josh Hopkins, has a movie that will be shown at the KY Theater for 1 week beginning this Fri. Check out the trailer here: http://lebanonpamovie.com/ 
Looks great - best of luck to Josh!!, Was at WKYT on Winchester taping promos & turned the wrong way out of parking lot. Stopped at Sarah's Corner Cafe. BBQ. Good stuff., Let's all make this a great Monday! I've got a few things to do around town today & looking forward to checking in with our players to see how summer classes are going. I have to congratulate the Dallas Mavericks & UK fan, Dirk Nowitzki, on winning the NBA Title & also give praise & admiration to the Miami Heat for a great season as well. I can't wait to be in New York in 10 days for the NBA Draft! Go Big Blue!, Enjoying a Sunday with the family & loving hearing how the Big Blue Nation is embracing our new players. Right away when they get to Lexington these young men learn they are part of something special. Thanks for making them feel so welcome. Go Big Blue!!, Hope everyone is enjoying the start of the weekend. Lots of great stuff to catch up on from the week's UK news over at the school's website (link below). Also a quick bit of recognition to John Hayden in our Media Relations office, who received a well-earned promotion. Between John & DeWayne Peevy we truly have the gold standard in their profession. Be safe out there & Go Big Blue!, Join UK for a Special Grand Night June 18 celebrating Pres. & Mrs. Todd. I'll be there! Order tickets at the link below.
Just heard from our CoachCal.com charter partner, Papa John's, and they are thrilled to be offering their large Sausage Sensation pizza for $11. Order on-line at www.papajohns.com & bring Papa along to your pool party or picnic this weekend!!
, Hope everyone is finishing out the week strong & ready for a great weekend w/family & friends. Working on some things at the office & wanted to give another reminder about our camps. Father/Son is one week from today!! Can't wait - one of the highlight weekends of our off-season for sure. Go Big Blue!!, Happy 72nd birthday to the inventor of the Bald Dome Index (BDI). Dick Vitale - have a great birthday & I wish you many more! 
Also, we finished our 2011-12 schedule. Thanks to Mark Coyle, John Robic & Mitch Barnhart for helping get it done. We'll release it after we get the last contract in which should be soon. I'll make sure my followers know first!, (Part 2 of prior post) Ryan wipll have a year to grow in our system and should be ready to be a major contributor in 2012-13., North Carolina State transfer Ryan Harrow has enrolled for summer classes at UK. Ryan has tremendous ball-handling skills & offensive awareness & is a great addition to our team. He’s a great student of the game as well as in the classroom., Had been waiting for Orange Leaf's low-fat, NO sugar vanilla to arrive!! And now it has. Really good & the perfect weather for it!! OL stores all over Lexington are carrying the latest addition to the line-up. Let me know how you like it., All of us at CoachCal.com & the gang at WebMedley are hoping you can throw some support to CoachCal.com's longest-serving intern, Ashley "ADub" Rowe (nee Welsh), as she vies for a chance to work w/KSTV. Click on the link below, watch the video & vote. Lots of worthy candidates, but we're partial to Ashley!! Good luck to all the entrants. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Love this time of year when our returnees come back to campus & our newcomers arrive for the 1st time to experience campus living. Every1 looks great & we are focusing on a strong summer session in the class room.
1 more thing: To our friends at Lexy, who today announced they have "ceased operations," we thank you for the chance to be part of your  start-up & for your support of the CFFC. Go Big Blue!, Congrats 2 everyone at WKYT on their Emmy nomination under the category of Special Achievement - Community Service for "Hoops for Haiti." I'm extremely grateful to be listed among you & all the nominees, but the real Emmy nomination goes to the people of the BBN that donated & made the telethon a success for the people of Haiti. #WeAreUK, I'm so proud of Darius Miller, who has been invited to attend the 2011 USA Basketball Men’s World University Games Team training camp (July 29-Aug. 7) in Colorado Springs, Colo. If chosen, Darius would represent the Big Blue Nation at the 2011 World University Games men’s basketball competition in Aug. in Shenzhen, China. Darius has been part of USA Basketball b4 & I know he will make the most of this chance too., Check out Ken Howlett's latest offering at CoachCal.com (link below). Ken looks at one of Coach's most impressive qualities - the ability to build a team & keep everyone happy. Oh, & win at the same time!! 
Also, exciting news from Orange Leaf which has started offering NO SUGAR ADDED VANILLA as its newest flavor at all Lexington stores. Great day to become a beLEAFer!!
^CoachCal.com Staff, Back at the office today & starting to get really pumped for all our different camps that begin next week with our Father/Son experience. Click on the link below for info on our UK-based camps as well as our diverse array of satellite camps. Hope to see you at one or all!!! Go Big Blue!, Before clicking on the photo, can any of you Washington Redskin fans identify the former 'Skins I'm with in this picture? [ID'd in photo, which was also taken at the "Tournament of Love" for Camp Good Days.]
Looks like I finally found a good photographer too, huh?! Special day & lots of money & awareness being raised for www.campgooddays.org. Heading back to Lex soon. Go Big Blue!, With John "The Guv" Gilmore (L) & Gary Mervis (R) at today's Camp Good Days "Tournament of Love" in beautiful Rochester, NY. Special times & they don't come any better than The Guv! Honored to be able to help out such a wonderful organization. Go Big Blue!, Heading to Rochester, NY this afternoon to take part in a special event put on by Camp Good Days, "The Tournament of Love." Looking forward to seeing my good friend, "The Guv," John Gilmore. 
A reminder that our website partner, Papa John's, is offering any large pizza for $11! Great deal & great way to get Papa in your house!! Order on-line at www.papajohns.com. Go Big Blue!, Congratulations to UK Baseball's @AlexMeyer17 (Twitter name). I heard that he's a pretty good basketball player as well. Is DC becoming Lexington-East? Go Big Blue!!, Happy Monday everyone! Hope you all had as good a weekend as I did! Great to be able to share some time w/my family & enjoy some of Brad's basketball games. Forgot to announce our winners from last week's Facebook contest - they are Farron Clifford & Jonathan Osborne. If you know either or are them, please have them drop an email w/mailing address to coach@coachcal.com. Go Big Blue!, Enjoying some more family time & grabbing a bowl of soup at Panera. Wanted to remind everyone about our camps that are filling up fast! Father/Son is less than 2 weeks away!! Best Father's Day present you can give!!
Father/Son Camp: June 17-18 http://bit.ly/lbnEps Satellite Camps: June 20-24 http://bit.ly/iuNFv6 ProCamp: July 28-30 http://bit.ly/m8tKKl
Go Big Blue!, Spent some time in Midway, Ky, what a great town. Went by the Crittenden clothing store but didn't buy anything so I'll have to go back. They had a train going through the city. Guess who was on the back of the train waving in a red coat? My good friend, Rick Corman!!, Hope everyone is having a great start to the weekend. Nothing like early summer days spent w/family & good friends, is there? Not to mention, we're another weekend closer to starting our 2011-12 season!! Be safe and enjoy your day. Go Big Blue!, Here's the link to my latest part of the 2011 State of the Cats: http://www.coachcal.com/2011/06/03/state-of-the-cats-2011-part-2/, Some great responses to our last post on how to reach 300K followers for Facebook - I'll announce a few winners of signed items over the weekend.
I'll be catching up on some work today at the office & getting ready for a weekend w/the family. Hope everyone has a great Friday! Go Big Blue!, Back in Lexington after a very busy few weeks. Catching up on some office work. I hate being away from the office, but it's made easier knowing the great staff I have around me.
Hey, on another note, we are nearing 300,000 followers on Facebook!! - let's get there as soon as we can. Any ideas to boost followers? Use comments to suggest & I'll send an autographed item for a couple of the best suggestions., Looking forward to another productive & informative day at the SEC Spring meetings. Hope everyone is having a great week. Go Big Blue!, Coverage from SEC Spring Meeting this afternoon at the link below. Coach Cal started things off a bit after Noon ET. Great stuff from the league's Digital Network - check it out! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Woke up this morning & heard the response to last night's post was tremendous. Understand that 'radio silence' has nothing to do with media coverage, it's solely about response - or the lack of - within the Twittersphere. 
Excited for SEC meetings today in Destin. Hope you all have a great day as well. Go Big Blue!, My definition of 'radio silence' is the sound u hear in the Twittersphere from the triumverate & compadres when there r positive stories about UK to be told. See if you can hear it!!!, I still want to give you the definition of "Radio Silence" I promised on Friday. We've gone over a bunch of words/terms & what they mean to me in the past (i.e. Trust, Loyaty, Players-first, etc), so you will be able to add this entry to the "Coach Cal Dictionary". . . But not to until 10 pm ET when I post it here & on Twitter!!, From the Calipari Family to all our service men & women, their families & all who have served before, we thank you on this Memorial Day. Your deeds & sacrifices never go unnoticed & are always appreciated. 
My friends at Orange Leaf & Urban Active also asked that we extend their thanks & gratitude. 
The Big Blue Nation salutes each & everyone of you & may God Bless the United States of America. Go Big Blue!, WOW! How about Coach Lawson and our softball team? One win from Oklahoma City and the Series! Good luck ladies!!, Guess who took home the Cal Clan's putt-putt golf title for Memorial Day 2011. You got it - YOUR basketball coach!! Hardest putt-putt course I've ever seen - Par 5s!!
Brad was a stroke behind. Megan was 3 behind. But who's counting??!! Go Big Blue!!, 'Radio Silence' has nothing to do with me taking time off to be with my family, but it does involve UK. Any guesses? I'll give a hint later., Hope everyone is enjoying the start to the holiday weekend. Let's all be sure to root on Coach Lawson & UK softball today & tomorrow from wherever we are!! Go get 'em ladies - you've already made us so proud! Let's fill the comments below w/well-wishes. We Are UK! Go Big Blue!, Finally enjoying some down time w/the family before SEC Spring meetings next week. Hope you are spending the long weekend w/friends & family & doing so in a safe & responsible manner. I have a new term I want to throw at you guys. It's called: "Radio Silence." Take a guess at what you think it means in the comments below & I'll define it for you later. Go Big Blue!!, Coach Cal kicks of this year's "State of the Cats" at CoachCal.com. be sure to check it out! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Some great stuff over at CoachCal.com, including WebMedley's Chad Hobson's final part of the Media Luncheon video that has received rave reviews AND information on the Prasco John Calipari ProCamp which will feature 3 of the 2011 Final Four Cats. Check it out now at the link below!, Hope everyone is having a good day - doing some work and thinking about how fortunate we all are to live in this great country and be served by our men and women of the armed forces. We are all truly blessed. Let's all let them and our veterans and their families know how much we appreciate them with an outpouring of support in the comments below. Thanks and Go Big Blue!, Was another busy day as we tie up some loose ends around the office and prepare for a nice holiday weekend w/our families. Really proud of Eloy and the international experience he is getting with Reach USA. We saw what that trip did for Josh and Jon last year and it sounds like Eloy is taking a great attitude into the opportunity. Go Big Blue!, Had a few thoughts on our APR score, so I jotted them down at CoachCal.com. Hope you have a minute to read over my comments. Go Big Blue!, Wanted to share some good news w/everyone, direct from our Media Relations Dept.: The UK men’s basketball team posted a 974 in the Academic Progress Rate (APR) as released by the NCAA today. The score tied Vandy for the highest APR score in the SEC & was good enough to be listed in the 80th-90th percentile for their sport.
Proud of everyone associated w/our program & hope you all are as well. Go Big Blue!, CoachCal.com's Ken Howlett offers some praise for former and current Cats and then looks ahead to what 2011-12 may look like. Check it out at the link below! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Big Blue Nation, please send your thoughts & prayers today to the people of the Joplin, Mo. area. It has been a horrific few months for so many areas of this great country & I hope that the BBN's prayers & contributions can be of some comfort to all those who have been affected. God Bless & Go Big Blue!, Looking forward to a great week ahead, leading into the Memorial Day Holiday weekend & a time to honor those who have sacrificed so much for this country. 
Let's be sure to get some "Go Cats!" messages in the comments below in support of Coach Lawson & her 39-win softball team as they head to the "Supers" of the NCAA Tournament. Go Big Blue!!, Wow! Unbelievable game. Congrats to Coach Lawson and our softball team on making the Super Regionals. #WCWS #RTL #WeAreUK, Spending a peaceful day w/the family. What an inspiring week it was! I'm so blessed to occupy this chair as your basketball coach. Let's all wish Coach Lawson and the softball team the best of luck today. Go Big Blue!, Wow - an incredible couple of days in Sarasota for the Dick Vitale Gala - More than a million $$ was raised for cancer research & the BBN was a big reason why. I can't thank every1enough. One of the really neat things was having Eduardo Najri (w/Erin Adnrews below) represent the Dominican Republic nat'l team at the event & contribute $10,000 to the Jimmy V Foundation.
Loads of pictures you won't see anywhere else at the CoachCal.com (http://bit.ly/DVGala11Pix), Still in Sarasota as Dick Vitale welcomes some of last night's guest to his beautiful home. We'll be posting a ton of pictures from the Gala later on this weekend at CoachCal.com but for now, here's one of my favorites w/Hall of Famer, Dave Cowens - Wow, was he a heck of a player! Enjoy your day & Go Big Blue Tennis & Softball!! You can also see the full text of my speech at the website (I didn't get to deliver the whole thing - didn't want people to fall asleep!!), What an emotional night at the Vitale Gala where over a million dollars was raised for the Jimmy V Foundation. Just a huge honor to be a part of it. 
How bout Coach Lawson and UK softball w/ a big win over Notre Dame & good luck today vs. Michigan. Check them out today at Noon on ESPN., How lucky am I? All four Final Four coaches on stage at the Dick Vitale Gala. (picture here: http://twitpic.com/50a4zx)
What an incredible event. Please check CoachCal.com at 10:30 pm ET for an exclusive copy of my speech notes from tonight's Gala., Let's all wish Enes Kanter a Happy 19th birthday! Told him yesterday that Mrs. Cal has brownies waiting on him. Heading to Sarasota in a bit - Dickie V has outdone himself this year w/the guest list! Excited to raise as much as we can for the Jimmy V Foundation for Cancer Research. Will be a special night., Getting ready to head to Sarasota for the Dickie V Gala - it will be an emotional evening but one I look forward to sharing w/so many close friends. How about Coach Emery & the UK men's tennis team advancing to the Elite 8? So happy for them. Reminder below about our summer camps - don't be left out! Also, a unique opportunity for a BBN citizen from our friends at KSR: http://kentuckysportsradio.com/?p=81622 Go UK!, The UK men’s basketball team will host the St. John’s Red Storm on Dec. 1 in the 2011 Big East/SEC Challenge. I’m excited about playing in it once again. The exposure of SEC basketball is important to our league & to face St. John’s in Rupp Arena w/their great tradition is unique. SJ has been recharged by a terrific coach in Steve Lavin & we look forward to the challenge., I've heard some people say that our fans don't care about Haiti, DR or anything except UK bball. I NEVER want to be JUST a basketball coach. I hope you understand.
Getting excited - & maybe a bit nervous!! - for the Dick Vitale Gala Fri nite. It will be special - I do wish my mom would be able to enjoy it, but I know she'll be watching from her skybox as we help beat the disease that took her from us!! , Back in Lex; 2day's experience in Haiti was humbling. What an inspiration Dr. Lyons is. We visited both his co-op in Dondon & the school in Ouanaminthe for which Alltech provides full financial support. Even areas not affected by the earthquake lack so many basic needs that we take for granted. But Alltech is implementing some incredible programs & Dr. Lyons' heart is just immense. Blessed to be able to travel w/him., Couple of reminders:
1. Some great pics over at CoachCal.com of both Coach's visit to the Dominican & Kevin Massey's inspiring participation in a 5K walk. PLUS: New exclusive Chad Hobson video from Coach's April meeting w/media.
2. May is "Get Active America" month & Urban Active is giving you a chance to try them FREE for 30-days. Just visit www.urbanactive.com to print off your free pass! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Spending the day with Dr. Pearse Lyons in Haiti & honored to be doing so. Problem is, Dr. Lyons is used to hanging out w/royalty as he was w/the Queen of England last week! Now he's stuck w/me!! It will be an emotional day for all of us as we re-visit the land that is so near & dear to the hearts of the BBN. Let's all again pray for the people of Haiti. Go Big Blue!, Some good comments to the Guess the Photo post we did earlier. . . some really bad ones too!!
It's actually the home where Christopher Columbus once lived as well as his brother & nephew, according to our guides. 
Great night w/our staff & local dignitaries & friends in the DR - I'm off to Haiti Wed a.m. w/Dr. Pearse Lyons - I know it will be an emotional day., We've had a full day in the Dominican Republic & I'm overwhelmed by how welcoming & gracious everyone has been. I've posted some more photos at CoachCal.com as well as some special photos sent to us from Kevin Massey's family - he walked in a 5K this past weekend!! Amazing stuff, Kev! Keep it going. http://bit.ly/DRKMass  
Any guesses on who used to live in this house in the DR? I'll tell u later tonight!, Continuing with some touring around the Dominican Republic and getting the chance to share time with local school children and community members. What an incredible group of people with such passion and devotion to the DR - reminds me a lot of the Big Blue Nation!! Can't wait to share more about the trip at CoachCal.com in the coming days. Hope everyone is having a great day - I know I am!!, What an unbelievable reception upon our arrival in the Dominican Republic. There were dignitaries, dancers, music & all the works! I'm so excited about the opportunity & the experience ahead for all of us. I can't wait to introduce the people of the DR to the culture & customs of the Big Blue Nation. . . & vice versa!! Press conference next & then a tour of the Palace of Sports venue. What a day! Go Big Blue!, Heading to the Dominican Republic today for a full day of activities surrounding the announcement of our involvement w/the DR National Team. So excited, I could have flown without a plane!! I'll check in with updates throughout the day as I know the Big Blue Nation is excited to share its love of basketball w/our friends in the DR! Go Big Blue!, A reminder that the Dick Vitale Gala is this Friday night in Sarasota, FL Let's make sure we guarantee victory over UNC in donations for our "Heart of the Program" challenge (in conjunction w/ our friends at Kentucky Sports Radio) to benefit the V Foundation for Cancer Research. Donate today at the link below. No amount is too small to beat this dreaded disease. Thanks and Go Big Blue! ^CoachCal.com Staff , Had a super time at the Yankees game last night. Below is 1 more picture I was able to take - this one w/Lee Mazzilli. You know I love the guys w/vowels at the end of their names!! Went to St. Pat's this morning & prayed for my friends & family & the BBN. Busy day as I join the NABC in honoring NIKE's Phil Knight tonight - humbled to be a part of it. Enjoy your day & Go Big Blue!, Just a bit more on Terry Francona (& I'll throw in the pic below w/ARod) - Terry went to New Brighton HS, near where I grew up in Moon, PA. In addition to being a great baseball player, Terry was a really good basketball player. A lefty w/a great outside shot - too bad he played b4 the 3-pt line!! He invited me in the Sox clubhouse to tell his coaching staff how good he was at hoops!! 1 more bball connection w/Terry - he managed Michael Jordan!, At the new Yankee Stadium - what a gorgeous ballpark. Going to be attending Red Sox-Yankees tonight with NY GM, Brian Cashman, who grew up in Lexington! In the interest of fair time for both teams, here's a shot w/me & one of the great leaders in all of sports, Terry Francona of the Sox. I'm like a little kid - how lucky am I? Go Big Blue!, Wow! How about Coach Emery & the men's tennis team? Advancing to Sweet 16 with a win today over Louisville!!! Keep it going guys - The Big Blue Nation is behind you!! Go Big Blue!, Hope you will take some time to read over this great piece from Larry Vaught about the Dickie V Gala: http://bit.ly/mUwwoU
Also a reminder that if ur looking for a good weekend meal for ur team, try a Lg John's Favorite (pepperoni, sausage & a 6 cheese blend) or a Garden Fresh for $11. Order online at www.papajohns.com, a proud CoachCal.com partner. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Let's all wish the best of luck to Coach Emery & the men's tennis team in their 3 pm ET 2nd round NCAAs match vs. Louisville. The match is at the Hilary J.Boone Tennis Ctr in Lexington & I know Coach & the team would appreciate your support! I'm heading to a NIKE coaching clinic in MS. A ton of great coaches I'm looking forward to seeing & learning from. Enjoy your Saturday & Go Big Blue!!, Let's all wish the best of luck to Coach Emery & the men's tennis team in their 3 pm ET 2nd round NCAAs match vs. Louisville. The match is at the Hilary J.Boone Tennis Ctr in Lexington & I know Coach & the team would appreciate your support! I'm heading to a NIKE coaching clinic in MS. A ton of great coaches I'm looking forward to seeing & learning from. Enjoy your Saturday & Go Big Blue!!, Big News on our Satellite Camps! Six of our camps will now be open to boys/girls entering K-12th grade. Camps in Bardstown, Newport, Independence, London, Danville & Louisville are open to kids in kindergarten thru those entering the 12th grade. ^CoachCal.com Staff, TGIF, right?!?! It's been a great week & looking forward to this weekend, as I will be heading to NYC to celebrate Nike's Phil Knight being honored Mon. nite by the National Association of Basketball Coaches Foundation w/its 2011 Court of Honor Award.
Wanted u to check out this story on UK tennis Coach Dennis Emery - shared time w/him at Derby - what an amazing leader & tremendous person. Go Big Blue!, Hope everyone is enjoying their day. Getting some work done around the office & really looking forward to one week from tomorrow when the Dick Vitale Gala will be held in Sarasota (5/20/11). What an incredible honor & what amazing work Dick has done for the Jimmy V Foundation. Plenty of ways for you to help out. Click on the link below for more info and Go Big Blue!, Good Luck to Coach Lawson and our softball team in the SEC Tournament!! Go Big Blue!, Here's a great way to start the day!! Wow! SLAM 149 is on sale now!! Here's the cover: http://bit.ly/jY2Ni8 and here's the cover story: http://bit.ly/lzlCdj
Is it October yet? I can't wait to coach all these guys!!! Make it a super day, Go Big Blue!, Coach Cal shares some good news about the Cats in the classroom at CoachCal.com: http://www.coachcal.com/2011/05/11/spring-semester-grades-something-to-proud-of/
^CoachCal.com Staff, Let's all send our congratulations to Eric Bledsoe, DeMarcus Cousins & John Wall as all 3 were named 2010-11 T-Mobile NBA All-Rookies teams. Cousins & Wall were named 2010-11 T-Mobile NBA All-Rookie 1st Team, while Bledsoe received 2nd team honors. 
Also, a reminder May is Get Active America Month & Urban Active is giving you a chance to try them FREE for 30-days.
Go to link below to print off your free pass!, Hoping everyone is having a great day. I appreciate ur kind comments on the video from the prior post. So refreshing to see our guys understanding the importance of community involvement & betterment. 
Haven't heard from you all on Orange Leaf lately - how are you enjoying the summer flavors? Any ideas for new flavors? Let's get their FB page to 10,000 LIKES, okay?, Hoping you can all take a couple of minutes to watch this video linked below from "NBA Cares.' This is the side of DeMarcus & Eric I wish everyone could have seen. Two special young men who will NEVER forget where they come from. God Bless them & the people of Alabama & beyond., Coach Cal is hitting the road to see the young citizens of the BBN! More info at link below: "These satellite camps have been some of our most rewarding experiences since we've been at UK," Coach Cal said. "To be able to bring this game that we all love to the young people in their own backyards is something I'm proud we can do." 
Don't forget Father/Son & Overnight camp too!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Coach Cal explains last week's announcement about inviting former players back to the UK Campus. Read about it only at ONE place, CoachCal.com (link below). ^CoachCal.com Staff, Honored to once again be able to attend First Lady Jane Beshear's "Celebration of Hope" in Frankfort. So proud of Mark Krebs & the way he has carried on his mom's legacy. Some more photos can be found at this link: http://bit.ly/COHWKrebs. 
Amazing group of ladies w/powerful stories & incredible strength., I actually had 2 fave pictures! The 1 w/Adam Richman from 'Man v. Food' is great because my daughter Megan & I have watched his show. Look at the burger in the pic below!! The other is the 1 w/the gentleman from the Air Force. It was an emotional wk for the USA & he was a great reminder of how blessed we all r.
In comments below let's all wish Jon Hood a happy bday!! Brownies from Ellen r coming!, Catching up on some things today - you don't realize how much Derby weekend takes out of you until Monday hits!! Would love to hear which of the pictures in the CoachCal.com photo gallery were your favorites? Let me know in the comments & later today, I'll tell you my favorite!! Go Big Blue!, Junior guard DeAndre Liggins will forego his sr. season & keep his name in this year's NBA Draft. I feel comfortable that DeAndre had all the information that he needed to make this decision. I fully support what he's doing & I will do everything I can to help him reach his dreams., I want to wish all the mothers the happiest of Mother's Days 2011 - I know I speak 4 all the Big Blue Nation's sons & daughters when I say, "Thank you, Mom." There is no love like a mother's love.
Hope u will take some time to check out the Derby pictures posted at CoachCal.com. See every1 from Erin Andrews to Bobby Flay to Paul Hornung & many other surprises. What a day!! Go Big Blue - & welcome back, Terrence!, What an incredible day at the Derby. I was pretty close on my picks, wasn't I? What? Close doesn't count? Oh well!! We will have some pictures for you to enjoy at CoachCal.com on Sumday. Happy Mother's Day to all the moms!!, Another incredible night at the Barnstable Brown party. We saw The Most Interesting Man in the World, Fred Thompson, Marissa Miller & a whole bunch of other folks. Special night as always. Tried to grab Patrick for this photo, but couldn't find him! Great to see John & DeMarcus - they seem so much older now!!, I haven't done too well w/my picks at my first two Derbys as your Coach, but I'm looking for that to change this year!! My picks are in & posted at CoachCal.com. Share your picks in the comments section below. Enjoy the Derby & be safe out there., I talked today to Terrence Jones about the NBA Draft & he has everything he needs to make an informed decision. He plans to talk it over w/ his family tonight & wants to announce his decision Saturday on his twitter account (@TerrenceJones1). Make sure ur following him so u know!!, Looking forward to the Barnstable Brown party tonight - sounds like there will be a lot of big names there, as always - what the heck am I doing there?! Have to thank Gold Shield Limousine for providing transportation for me & the staff tonight. Can't wait to see our hosts for the party - super, super people & what an incredible event they put on every year. Go Big Blue!, As many of you have heard, Brandon Knight announced that he will keep his name in the NBA Draft. He's come a long way in a short time. He's a great kid w/a super family & I'm happy to see him taking the steps to make his dreams come true. We will miss him & I know all of the BBN will wish him the very best. Go Big Blue!, Just got a note from the folks at the Red Cross & "The Bluegrass Chapter of the Amer. Red Cross in cooperation w/WKYT, WLEX, WYMT & WTVQ TV stations hosted a phone bank 2day & raised $63,016 4 Southern Storm Relief.
“We were amazed by the generosity of so many people,” said Terry Burkhart, CEO of the Bluegrass Chapter.
I know the BBN had a lot to do w/that - Thank you!! Click below to donate., Coach Cal makes it official; signs on to coach Dominican Republic National team. Read all about it - including the possibility of a scrimmage against ex-Wildcats - at one place: CoachCal.com (link below) ^CoachCal.com Staff, Hope every1 is having a great Cinco de Mayo! Getting excited for Derby weekend. Hoping to see the Papa John's folks at Churchill Downs to thank them for their involvement w/CoachCal.com & our Foundation. Doesn't a Papa pizza sound good for your Derby Party? Order online: www.papajohns.com.
Also, the bday girl Lunetha asked to send out big thx to KC Tailoring on Tates Creek in Lex 4 helping w/her Derby Eve dress!!, Proud to have been able 2 b part of DRose's MVP celebration in Chi. on Wed. 
2 things for u:
1. Visit the link below & learn how to help those affected by this terrible stretch of weather.
2. My personal asst. & the true "glue" of our office, Lunetha Pryor, celebrates her bday today - Cinco de Lunetha!! It would be great if we could fill the comment section w/bday wishes for a special woman.
Thanks & Go Big Blue!, A few more pictures have been added to the link at the previous post, including this one w/former Orlando Magic teammates Rod Strickland & Keith Bogans. Keith was a rookie when Rod was in his final full season in the NBA (2003-04). Their Coach that year (going 21-61) was Doc Rivers. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Guess where Coach Cal is tonight? HINT: He's in the presence of the NBA's MVP!! Check out CoachCal.com for pictures and the whole story! (Link Below) ^CoachCal.com Staff, Honored to be a part of this event, coming up in two weeks. I hope everyone realizes just how huge Dick's heart is. He is a tireless worker and I'm proud to call him a friend., Catching up on some office work & starting to think more about my Derby picks!! Doesn't seem to be any clear cut favorite and after my 1st two years of picks, I'm not sure it would help me if there was!!! Maybe I have to go with the jockey instead of the horse? And I thought coaching was difficult!! This is some pressure!! Enjoy your day and Go Big Blue!!, Coach Cal discusses the 2-day KY Combine & also congratulates his former point guard Derrick Rose on being named NBA MVP - only at one place, CoachCal.com!! (link below) ^CoachCal.com Staff, Big Blue Nation, let's all welcome our new university president, Dr. Eli Capilouto, his wife Mary Lynne & daughter Emily to UK., A reminder that DeMarcus Cousins will be at Lexington Sports Cards tomorrow (Wed. 5/4, from 4-5:30pm) signing autographs for all his fans!
Before that, we'd urge you to check out CoachCal.com's Ken Howlett's latest story the Jorts Experience at UK. A great read and tribute to #55. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Have to send out happy birthday wishes to our video guru, Tim Asher. I don't know how he does all that he does for us but I'm glad he's with us - thanks for everything Tim & enjoy ur day.
A reminder that May is 'Get Active America' month & Urban Active is giving u a chance to try them FREE for 30-days.
Go to link below to print off ur free pass!, Here's a video on my comments about the Kentucky Combine. The staff couldn't watch the session but the feedback was positive. bit.ly/m0Wdsh 
Have a great day. Go Big Blue!, Doing some work in the office and getting ready for the first day of the Kentucky Combine this afternoon. Can't believe it's already Derby Week! Anyone got any tips or do we have to wait a few days?!?! Have a great day. Go Big Blue!!, Had a great steak at the Chop House and a quick stop at Orange Leaf for some of the spring flavors!! Bruce Drake don't be mad, I had lunch at BHG restaurants twice last week!!! Always a great meal! Let's make it a super week ahead. Go Big Blue!, Church this morning and then a nice, quiet day with the family. Hope you are all enjoying this first day of May as well! Go Big Blue!, 2 quick things for you on this Saturday:
1. We've released the Summer 2011 Satellite Camp schedule (link below) - they will fill up fast so register soon!
2. Thanks to Papa John's for another great month as CoachCal.com's charter site partner. I tried 'John's Favorite' at Papa John's this week & it's now my favorite too!!! Only $11 at www.papajohns.com. 
Be safe & have a great night. , Hope every1 is enjoying their Sat. If you get a chance check out the link below 4 a photo gallery at CoachCal.com taken during my visit w/the men & women who r part of Joe Craft's Alliance Coal family. Really neat day & I'm blessed to be able to have opportunities like that.
1 quick reminder of the impactful project UK's track & field team is again undertaking w/Soles4Souls, Info here - http://bit.ly/ARLPExcelVisit , Great night for UK football as Randall Cobb has been chosen by the defending champion, Green Bay Packers. So happy for Randall - it's been a pleasure getting to know him a bit. Let's all wish him our best in the comments below. Go Big Blue!, What a special day for me today as I'm visiting the Excel Mine in Martin County with my guys, Joe Craft, Tom Wynne & a crew from Alliance Coal. It means so much to me & my family that I'm able to share time w/all these hard-working folks & get a feel for what my relatives did during their time in the mines. You want to talk about salt-of-the-earth folks? These are them. I'm blessed to be able to share time w/them. Go Big Blue!, Coach Cal discusses details of the Kentucky Combine exclusively at CoachCal.com (link below) ^CoachCal.com Staff, Busy day in the office, getting a lot done & really looking forward to the KY Derby and the Dick Vitale Gala next month. Want to wish good luck to our UK players in the NFL Draft! Gonna order John's favorite from www.papajohns.com while I watch the show tonight! Only $11! Get Papa in your house too!!, I know I speak for all of the Big Blue Nation when I send our thoughts and prayers to all those being affected by the severe weather in so much of our nation. Especially, let's turn our thoughts to our SEC brethren in Tuscaloosa. Let's all help one another when and where we can. Thanks., Whoops! I got confused about the smoothies and sandwiches that we had for staff lunch - they were actually from the Tropical Smoothie Cafe! We use the other place on the road when we travel!! Thanks to Brad and crew and sorry for mix up. Great lunch!!, Can you believe that for the 15th time in 16 years, UK’s average crowd of 23,603 at Rupp led all of Division I men’s basketball? It's the 23rd time in the 35-year history of Rupp Arena that UK has had the top attendance figure. What's really nuts is that the national average was 5,025 per game - we get more than that for the post-game radio show!! I love it!! Go Big Blue!!, Coach Calipari's statement on the Dominican National Team is now posted at CoachCal.com (link below). ^CoachCal.com Staff, Chad Hobson of WebMedley does it again over at CoachCal.com with Part 1 of Coach Cal's end-of-season media meetings from a couple of weeks back. Footage you won't see anywhere else presented in a way that only Chad can. Check it out at the link below. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Just wanted to congratulate Thom McDonald and everyone at Championship Productions for winning a Telly Award for our DVD with soon-to-be NBA MVP Derrick Rose. Great group to work with and can't wait to do some more videos down the road with them. , Hope everyone has a chance to read the letter at CoachCal.com we posted in the prior Facebook post. Let's all pray for our neighbors affected by the horrible flooding. 
Also, you can view a full photo gallery of last night's Catspys at: http://bit.ly/eRr6ul. What an honor to be recognized along w/all the great coaches & student-athletes - our athletic dept. once again outdid itself in showing the love for all our players, coaches & staff., What an unbelievable show at the Catspys tonite. The entire ceremony was a special celebration of our athletic department & our University. Congrats to all the nominees/winners.
Hope u can check out the link below which features a kind letter from a Big Blue Nation citizen hoping to get support for his neighbors as flood waters approach their homes. , Getting ready for the CATSPYs after a couple of meetings & wanted to congratulate Coach Emery & UK Men's tennis on reaching its 2nd-ever SEC Tournament finals over the weekend - & its 1st since 1992! Good luck in the NCAAs guys! Also, if you're on Twitter, be sure to follow @UKMitchBarnhart. Our AD is giving away an autographed Final Four men’s basketball program this week! Go Big Blue!, Hope everyone had a great holiday. Looking forward to tonight's CATSPY's as the department honors all our student athletes for all their hard work and dedication to this great University. Go Big Blue!!, Just a quick message from my family to you and yours, wishing you a blessed Easter. Share this day with loved ones and as always, Go Big Blue!, Hope a lot of the Big Blue Nation will be able to come out to support Joker Phillips & our football team today in the Blue/White Spring game at 3 pm ET at Commonwealth. Exciting time on campus w/our Spring sports in full gear & a preview of the upcoming Wildcats on the gridiron!! Enjoy yourselves, be safe & Go Big Blue!, On behalf of our program & UK Athletics, we'd like to congratulate the Bluegrass Hospitality Group Restaurants on the grand opening of the St. Matthews Drakes location in Lville. Brian & Bruce are great friends & we wish them nothing but success. Can't wait to check it out!!
Hope every1 has a super Easter Weekend - be safe & enjoy some time w/your friends & families - that's what I'll be doing!! Go Big Blue!, Big event happening Sat. at Commonwealth before the Blue/White Football Game – the Central KY Start! Heart Walk. My pal Luther Deaton is Chair. Did you know we lose nearly 40 KY citizens EVERY DAY to heart disease or stroke? AHA is doing so much to help change this – including funding millions in research here at UK’s Saha Research Ctr. Please support the Walk at the link below., Coach Cal discusses one of the things that sets UK apart. EXCLUSIVE TO COACH CAL.COM (Link Below) ^CoachCal.com Staff , Transy students have been holding out on us!!! DOODLES...chIcken noodle soup...WOW. Wonder what breakfast is like here? Thanks Lillie & crew - You know I'll be back!!
http://www.doodlesrestaurant.com/ or http://on.fb.me/doodlescal, Back home after some recruiting & heading to the office to catch up on what I've missed. What a treat to see John Wall & his mom for lunch yesterday in Raleigh. I guess I need a new recruiting trip photographer (!!!!), but thru the blur you can make out the 3 of us!! John said he learned a lot this season & can't wait 4 next year w/the Wiz. He's already working on getting better - would you expect anything else? Go Big Blue!, I've been meaning to remind everyone about the iPad giveaway still underway for everyone who becomes a member of the Coach Cal Mobile Network. The network is growing every day and national partners are coming on-board to offer super deals & significant discounts. Join by visiting link below or simply text "CAL" to 28553 on your cell phone. Free, easy & helps and the Calipari Family Foundation for Children.  , As you have heard, 3 of our guys have declared for the NBA Draft, but NONE have signed w/an agent. They will each gather as much info as possible & take advantage of the process. They were a joy to coach this year & I would love the opportunity to continue to coach them next season. I will always support my players in weighing their options & doing what is personally best for them and their families. Go Big Blue!, Continuing on the road today & loving all the Big Blue Nation citizens we see everywhere we go. A few folks were asking about our summer camps & that reminded me to make sure you all know about 2011 Camps. Check the link below for more information. 
Also, when you get a second, check out another neat Samaritan's Feet initiative that grads & friends can take part in: http://bit.ly/SamFeetZipperPulls  , Got an early start in Boston (the land of Dunkin' Donuts!!!), appearing on the FOX25 a.m. show w/V.B. - did he ever know his UMass basketball trivia!! Good friend Joe Malone helped get us on FOX25 - thanks Joe! Heading out 4 some more recruiting today - big thanks to my guy Dave Collella at the Colonnade Hotel. Also, special bday wishes to best-selling author & UK super fan, Ashley Judd! Go Big Blue!, In Boston - no, I didn't run the Marathon!!! - at Dolce Vita on Hanover Street. WOW! (Franco says hello to Central Bank's Luther Deaton). Cannolis to finish it off. A must stop in Boston's North End - ask for Franco & tell him Coach Cal sent you! Special Passover wishes to our friends & followers observing that holiday this week & looking ahead to a super Easter weekend. Go Big Blue!, Catching up on some office work before heading out recruiting again this afternoon. How about that Sunday of NBA Playoff games? Wow! Great to see Rajon & the Celtics pull out an exciting win & I loved how Doc Rivers' guys executed out of his timeouts late in the game! That's what we strive for at UK. Enjoy your Monday & Go Big Blue!, Out doing some recruiting & I love hearing all the Big Blue Nation buzz re: Derrick Rose's performance yesterday - & the anticipation for Rajon Rondo's 2011 Playoff debut tonight for the Celtics (vs. the Knicks, 7 pm ET). Hope every1 is enjoying a peaceful Palm Sunday & sharing the day w/family & friends. Check out some exclusive photos from my Thurs. on-campus appearance at the link below. Go Big Blue! , I thought all the young men played well in Sat. night's Jordan Brand game but how about our future Cats, led by Anthony Davis?!? Can't wait for him, Marquis Teague, Michael Gilchrist and Kyle Wiltjer to get on campus!! Another great night of hoops for the Big Blue Nation. Congrats, guys - ur already making us proud!! #RTL http://twitpic.com/4lt995, Have you ever seen a will to win like Derrick Rose has in him? So proud of the MVP & can't wait to see what he has in store next! BTW, Papa John's has a Special for all tax day proCRUSTinators! A Lg 4-topping pizza for $10.40 [Online offer only at http://www.papajohns.com/ using promo code "1040" (4/15-18 only)]
Lastly, can't wait to watch future Cats tonite at 8 pm ET on ESPN2 in Jordan Brand game., Watching MVP-to-be Derrick Rose and the Bulls. How bout Keith Bogans!!! It's uncomfortable with all the red in the building but I'll deal with it!! Love seeing guys in our family live their dreams!! http://twitpic.com/4lnc9c, Getting a chance to do some recruiting & I'll plan on playing the role of 'proud papa' as I get to be in Chicago for the start of the NBA playoffs as the (soon-to-be) League MVP, Derrick Rose & the Bulls tip off at 1 ET. Lots of UK flavor in this & other playoff games. Go Big Blue - enjoy ur Saturday., Big Blue Nation it’s time to show us your green thumb. Celebrate Earth month by joining Paul Miller Autogroup & Fortune Collision Centre 4 Reforest the Bluegrass tree planting event, Sat., April 16, 9 a.m.-1 p.m. at Liberty Park. Fortune Collision Centre is planting a tree 4 every customer. Join in 4 hot dogs & fun. Bring the family to this important event for Lexington!, Support the Lexington Charity Club & the Make-a-Wish Foundation by attending their 1st annual downtown block party at the 5/3 pavilion Fri nite (8-2). $5 Tix avail on site & will provide access to all downtown has to offer. Live music & fun 4 all. If you can't make it but would like to donate, text "LEX" to 85944 & a $5 donation will be made in ur name to the Lex Char. Club Fund., Was happy to be able to spend some time Wed nite w/our N. KY/Greater Cincy alums as well as w/Dr. Todd & some worthy scholarship recipients. Ellen & I want to send special birthday wishes to Tomi Anne Pulliam & ask you all to do the same. For everyone else, 50 is the new 40; for Tomi Anne, it's the new 25!! Enjoy your day. Go Big Blue!!, Busy day at the office & then I'm looking forward to being at tonight's Northern KY/Greater Cincinnati UK Alumni Club event in Cincy w/Dr. Todd & myself, sponsored by Central Bank. Enjoy the day & Go Big Blue!, There's a great community project taking place in Lexington 2 a true KY icon. Volunteers r working to build a park 2 honor the legacy of Lexington's Isaac Murphy, an African-American jockey who helped make this city the horse capital of the world by winning 3 KY Derbys & 44% of his races. Check out www.isaacmurphy.org 4 more details or donate $10 to the project by Texting: ISAAC to 85944. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Getting some work done this morning & catching up on some paperwork & note writing. Still amazes me how incredibly dedicated & fervent the Big Blue Nation is for this program. It's truly humbling to be your coach. Make the most of your day & Go Big Blue!, How about UK Hoops' Victoria Dunlap being drafted No. 11 by the WNBA's Wash. Mystics? Congrats Vic - was an honor 2 watch u play.
Hoping the BBN can share Happy 16th bday wishes to my friend, Kyle Pezzi - you may recall his story from lat last yr: http://on.fb.me/gcTPLS. A special young man.
Check out our final FoxSportsSouth.com mailbag of the season: NBA Draft talk, recruiting & more. , I don't think I can vote on Orange Leaf's poll question re:Spring Flavors until I get out and sample the flavors!! An informed voter is a wise voter!! 
I'm so thrilled to be associated w/OL - a great group of fellow investors & staff at each of our 4 Lexington locations - and very philanthropically-minded, which you know I like! Hope u will get out & try some. Bleed Blue, Eat Orange!, Just finished taping our final Mailbag for FoxSportsSouth.com - it will be posted later this week. I want to thank everyone at FSS and Fox Sports for all their efforts in making the Mailbag the huge success it was. What a great way to interact & talk w/the Big Blue Nation! Hope to do something similar next year. Working on some things in the office today & looking ahead to next season. Go Big Blue!, Enjoying a beautiful Sunday in the Bluegrass - hope ur doing the same wherever u are! So proud of all our guys for their efforts in the Nike Hoop Summit last night in Portland. I know all of the BBN is looking forward to welcoming the new members of our family & I can't wait to start coaching them!! Go Big Blue!, I was able to spend time with two of my former players last night but I'm in Memphis for a more solemn occasion as the city honors the life and contributions of one of its greatest citizens, the late Larry Finch. Let's all say a pray for Coach Finch, his family, his friends and this wonderful city that he helped make a better place. Rest in Peace, my friend. , Hope everyone is getting ready for a great weekend. I'm on the road & hoping to catch one of our former players in action tonight!! I'll keep you posted if I wind up getting to the game. Anyone care to guess who I might see? Go Big Blue!, TGIF!! I have to thank all of you who have sent cards, letters, emails & faxes to our offices over the past few weeks - it's incredible to see the affect this team had on The Commonwealth. We are all honored to have been a part of it. Make sure you go see Enes tonight when he throws out the 1st pitch at the UK baseball game at 6:30 p.m. He's nervous - but not as nervous as a batter would be facing him!!! Go Big Blue!, Hope everyone is enjoying the Spring weather - I'm continuing some family time & tying up loose ends from the past season & looking forward to next season. Our staff's work never ends!!
CoachCal.com contributor Ken Howlett looks back at an unbelievable season (link below) - Thanks to Ken 4 all his great work this year, we were lucky to have him & hope you all enjoyed his super previews & stories. Go Big Blue!, Wow. No sooner did I type my last post and UK softball got ANOTHER perfect game from Rachel Riley!! Two perfectos in 1 day? Amazing. Go Big Blue! , Getting to spend some family time but I had to give a shout out to UK softball player Chanda Bell who pitched the school's 1st-ever perfect game for Coach Lawson! Way to go, ladies!! How about that, BBN? Go Big Blue!, Bleed Blue, Eat Orange - Guess what's coming to Palomar really soon?
Yep, another Orange Leaf self-serve frozen yogurt store. Find out what all the Be-LEAF-ers already know! Watch for a chance to win a cool Coach Cal-signed gift bag when the Palomar OL opens. ^CoachCal.com Staff, UK sr. Josh Harrellson has withdrawn from the Portsmouth Invitational & is out for a wk due to flu-like symptoms. It’s unfortunate that Josh will not b able to participate in this year’s P.I.T. I know he was honored to be selected & was looking 4ward to the opportunity. We’ll do everything we can to help him prepare once he’s cleared to return. Go Big Blue!, Some clarification on Coach's prior post about a Final Four banner (link to Cat Scratches below). ^CoachCal.com Staff, Some Banner Clarification from the incomparable Cat Scratches blog (link below). Go Big Blue!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Part 2 of 2: I hope you all enjoyed the journey & that you know how honored & proud I am to be The Commonwealth's coach. Can't wait until Big Blue Madness when we can all be together again & raise a new Final Four banner to Rupp's rafters. Go Big Blue!, Part 1 of 2: We returned 2day 2 a great crowd at the airport & the whole team/staff appreciate the BBN’s support since the game ended. I'm so proud of our guys & thank them 4 teaching all of us what the power of team & commitment to 1 another can mean. It will help me & our staff greatly as we look forward 2 adding more quality young men 2 our program next season., It's disappointing to lose but it was a heck of a season & I hope everyone will appreciate what these young men were able to accomplish. I personally want to thank these guys, my staff, our administration and all of the Big Blue Nation for creating these wonderful memories. Go Big Blue!, We had over 2,000 well-wishes in our Facebook comments each of the last two games, let's see if the Big Blue Nation can top that for the Final Four! Show Coach Cal & the guys your appreciation & wish them luck against UConn. Go Big Blue! ^CoachCal.com Staff, We r all getting ready for our game tonight vs. an exceptional UConn team. But for a moment, my thoughts r with the friends and family of former Memphis player & coach, Larry Finch, who passed away today. Let's all pray for Coach Finch - a great man with a huge heart., As we boarded the bus for shootaround, the fella in the picture below was there to greet us! My friends at Yum! Brands must've sent him to wish us well! 
Please visit CoachCal.com for all sorts of Final Four goodness including Ken Howlett's UConn preview: http://bit.ly/fKwWYd & Chad Hobson's Part 2 of his fabulous Craft Madness video. Go Big Blue!, Please be sure and read an important message from UK President, Dr. Lee Todd to the Big Blue Nation at the link below. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Another great showing by the Big Blue Nation at our open practice. You guys never cease to amaze me! We will go & get a "real" practice in after finishing media responsibilities. Happy to see so many familiar faces & the guys r feeling at home 2!! My Memphis team played in this building on our way to the Final Four & we won 2 games here - good news? We're in the same locker room! Go Big Blue!, Even if you can't be in Houston, you CAN watch UK's Open Practice from Reliant Stadium. Go to the link below for all the Open Practice action! UK's session begins at 2 pm ET.
Also, CoachCal.com's charter partner, Papa John's is offering a Large Works or Tuscan Six Cheese Pizza for $11. Order on-line at: http://www.papajohns.com ^CoachCal.com Staff, Some great Final Four content over at CoachCal.com including Chad Hobson's exclusive videos, a look at the Road to Houston for these Cats from Ken Howlett & an explanation of what a retro couch has to do w/UK's run? ^CoachCal.com, Morning schedule includes Mass, coffee at the local Dunkies & then my workout b4 we head over 4 open practice & more media duties. Special time at the teams' Salute Dinner last nite & I had the honor of sharing a few minutes w/former President Bush & his wife, Barbara, who indicated they were Cats fans this weekend!! Aren't we all?!?! Go Big Blue!!, Heading to practice & some media responsibilities at Reliant Stadium. Fondly remembering Mr. Bill Keightley on this day & knowing he is enjoying our journey to Houston from up above! Let's all wish DeAndre a very happy birthday - Ellen got him his brownies earlier in the week!! Travel safely if ur heading to BLUEston & Go Big Blue!, Landed in Houston and heading to our hotel. Looking forward to watching (Twitter handles) @AntDavis23,@MikeGillie14,@MarquisTeague25,@kwiltj in the McDonald's All American game (10 pm ET, ESPN). Time to get work done. Go Big Blue!, Had a good & focused practice. Happy B-day wishes to our Director of Basketball Operations & soon-to-be Samford AD, Martin Newton. Despite his pending new job, he has stuck w/us thru this journey & we wish him the best. Let's wish Martin good luck in the comments below while we also wish the team safe & enjoyable travels. And PLEASE check out Chad Hobson's one-of-a-kind video at CoachCal.com. Go Big Blue!, Getting ready 4 practice & then departure to Houston - can't thank every1 enough for their well-wishes & understanding of yesterday's post requesting space for our team. You guys r the greatest fans & we hope to make you proud.
Big thanks to bd's Mongolian Grill 4 catering 2day's send-off staff lunch. Egg rolls were OUTSTANDING!! Travel safe if ur joining us in Houston & Go Big Blue!, Hope u were all able to get in on the Coach Cal Mobile Network deal this AM. Wildcat Wearhouse gave all members HALF OFF their on-line purchase today - incredible deal & more like that to come from the CCMN to support the Calipari Family Foundation 4 Children - join now & don't be left out: http://bit.ly/CCMNWiWe
Also, great story on Derrick Rose & Coach u should check out below. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Thanks to every1 for your kind words & understanding of Coach's prior post. The Calipari Family Fndtn 4 Children Wanted to let u know it will b having its biggest Coach Cal Mobile Network deal yet beginning at 10 AM on Wed (3/30). Opt-in by 9:45 AM 2 take advantage of this great Final 4 apparel discount. Text: CAL to 28553 or visit link below. ^CoachCal.com Staff, A special message from Coach Calipari to the Big Blue Nation in advance of the team's trip to Houston for the Final Four (link below). ^CoachCal.com Staff, Finishing up the last of my media responsibilities - taped 1 interview w/Coach K 4 his Sirius/XM show & another 4 The 2 Lives Stews. On w/Jim Rome shortly & then a couple of other things b4 I shut it down & focus solely on tape & prep work. 
Thanks to Bruce & the gang at the Richmond Rd Texas Roadhouse 4 providing Staff Meal 2day - outstanding. The fried pickles? WOW! Go Big Blue., Time to get down to the business at hand. I've been watching tape & we'll get back on the floor w/the team this afternoon. Thanks to everyone for all the well wishes - u guys r the BEST! 
In the meantime, I was able to answer a lot of Final Four questions at the FoxSportsSouth.com mailbag this week - please check it out below. Go Big Blue!, Had to stop in w/my dad & visit w/the Knights of the Horseshoe of Wisdom at Wheeler's! They never cease to amaze me w/their insight!! Thanks to every1 who greeted us at the airport & The Lodge - Have I told you that you all are crazy? And that I love it!!
Getting business things done this AM & then tape & prep for UConn. Go Big Blue!, The Cats returned to Lexington just before midnight & the BBN welcomed their heroes home at the airport. Video below. Enjoy. ^CoachCal.com, Looks like we'll be touching down in Lex a little bit b4 midnight - Hope u r all being responsible & respectful as we celebrate UK's return to the Final Four. I'm so proud of every1 associated w/the program & it means so much that my dad, Vince, has been able to share all this w/me. We lost my mom, Donna, in Nov., but I know she's w/us every day. Time to get focused on UConn! Thanks to the BBN!, Any1 want to go to Houston? Wow. Can u imagine? I'm so proud of these young men & our entire staff. UNC was a great opponent & they fought to the end. Still work to be done, but we'll enjoy this 1 for a little bit. Please, please, please be safe out there & celebrate w/the class & dignity that makes the BBN the greatest fan base in America. Go Big Blue - We're BACK, FINAL FOUR!, We had a good shootaround this AM & the staff & players are making final preparations 4 tonight's game vs. UNC (5:05 PM ET, CBS).
We managed to get over 2,000 comments of encouragement prior to Fri.'s game, think we can top that today?
Reminder to check out Ken Howlett's game preview at CoachCal.com: http://bit.ly/Elite8UNC (Picture below from Thurs at arena) Go Big Blue!, CoachCal.com brings you a special video to enjoy as we await the Elite 8 game against UNC on Sunday (5:05 pm ET, CBS). Just a little behind-the-scenes fun that we hope you enjoy. ^CoachCal.com Staff, At the arena 4 media & then practice. We've turned the page & r focused on a really good UNC team (Sunday, 5:05 pm ET, CBS). 
Have 2 offer congrats to my good friend Paul Miller 4 winning Ford Motor Co.’s Salute to Dealer award! He’s 1 of 4 dealer recipients in the nation. Visit their FB page below & show the BBN’s support 4 PMF's generosity & commitment to UK & our community. Go Big Blue (Oval)!!!, Wow - Over 2,000 comments in the 2 hours after the win. You guys are crazy!! Be sure to check out CoachCal.com's postgame mash-up w/Papa John's quote of the game, picture of the game, iPhone photo exclusives & more: http://bit.ly/Elite8Bound  
Coach & the team thank u all 4 your comments of support - keep them coming as the staff & players prepare for UNC (Sunday, 5:05 pm ET, CBS). ^CoachCal.com Staff, Well, Big Blue Nation, what do you think of that? I'm so proud of our guys - another total team effort and again we refused to lose. Still a lot of work to do but we'll enjoy this one for a few minutes and then get ready for UNC on Sunday (5:05 p.m. ET, CBS). Thank you all for being the greatest fans in America! Go Big Blue!, Heading to the arena & looking forward to seeing how the Big Blue Nation turns out for our game tonight against Ohio State (CBS, 9:45 ET). Let's keep the encouraging comments coming for the guys & see how many we can get before tip-off. We had nearly 1,000 last nite & almost 600 the nite before - let's top both those combined!! Enjoy the path & Go Big Blue!, The team will shootaround at the Prudential Center this afternoon. In the meantime, please check out Ken Howlett's Sweet 16 preview at CoachCal.com (link below).
Also, our CoachCal.com charter partner, Papa John's has a super Tournament Special! Any Lg. pizza, choice of chicken wings OR strips & a 2 liter soda 4 ONLY $20.  Use promo code HOOPS at http://www.papajohns.com. (Avail. 3/25-27 only).  ^CoachCal.com Staff
, Had a good practice again at the NJ Nets facility & guys are going to get a good night's rest. I have to thank Brett Yormark, Bobby Marks & the whole Nets staff who were unbelievable to us both nights we used their gym. Great to see old friends - including Howard Garfinkel who stopped by to check us out. Keep the well-wishes coming 4 the team - let's break 1,000 comments now!! Go Big Blue!, About to take the court for a light practice at the Prudential Center in Newark. Seeing a lot of blue in the stands, as usual!! Be sure to check out CoachCal.com for some exclusive iPhone photos of our practice at the New Jersey Net's facility last night. Sneak peek below! Let's keep the "Go Cats" comments coming - you guys broke 600 last night!!! Go Big Blue!, Getting ready to go to Newark - had a good workout this afternoon & guys are focused on the task at hand. Hope everyone is enjoying the path & remembering how hard these young men have worked all year to represent the BBN. Let's show our appreciation in the comments below - Go Big Blue!!, CoachCal.com's Ken Howlett completes his look at past UK Sweet 16 appearances (link below).
Special thanks to Papa John's & District Mgr Sean Meeker 4 feeding the Staff 2day as they take care of last minute details 4 the trip to Newark - Better Ingredients, Better Pizza, Better Preparation 4 Ohio State!! ALSO: Here's what you missed out on by not being a member of Coach Cal's Mobile Network: http://bit.ly/CCMN032311 , Let's hear it for NAIA National Champs, Pikeville College & Coach Kelly Wells. Proud 2have played them earlier in the season & proud of the fight they showed in representing The Commonwealth.
Reminder 2 sign up NOW for the Coach Cal Mobile Network - incredible discount offer coming this AM 4 all members. Text: CAL to 28553 or visit link below. Every1 who signs up is eligible 2 win a signed iPad from me. Go Big Blue!, Have you joined the Coach Cal Mobile Network yet? If you have, keep an eye out Wed. am for a special deal on a unique piece of Sweet 16 apparel. If you're not, SIGN UP NOW - you won't want to be left out of this opportunity. Text CAL to 28553 or visit the link below:
Also, any1 who brings their Orange Leaf receipt & ONE DOLLAR into Urban Active now thru 3/31/11 can become a UA member!, The latest Coach Cal mailbag is posted at FOXSportsSouth.com & reveals Coach's thoughts on Ohio State; the difference between being in the NCAA Tournament at UK as opposed to UMass or Memphis; off-day recruiting & more. ^CoachCal.com, Couple of special bdays in our family today: Wayne Turner & Kia Benson share today as does our friend Kevin Foley at the Soup Kitchen on Southland, which catered our staff meal today. (Thx to Rafferty's for yesterday's lunch).
Also want to wish all the best to Pikeville College & Coach Kelly Wells as they play for the NAIA title tonite - yet another Tournament team that we faced this season!! Go Big Blue!, Enjoying my morning decaf & getting ready 4 more tape & practice later on. We should all b proud of Matthew & UK Hoops 4 the way they fought 2 the end - another great season 4 them & the nation knows UK women's Bball is a contender year in & year out. As soon as they get back, I'm giving Victoria a BIG hug - what a great ambassador 4 UK.
Check out the Tsunami relief walk being held this Sat - show our Big Blue Heart., All fueled up on some Orange Leaf blueberry frozen yogurt & back w/ Ellen & the kids getting ready 2 watch some tape & UK Hoops vs. UNC. Thanks to every1 who came out 2 opening nite at our newest Orange Leaf at Brighton Place (off Man O War @ Helmsdale). Great crowd & I love seeing all the families enjoying themselves (one young lady REALLY loaded up!!) Good luck 2 Matthew & the ladies - Go Big Blue!, If you have been paying attention to my Facebook posts today, you can probably guess where I plan on going after my radio show which ends at 7 pm! I won't be there long but I need a little more fuel to watch more tape tonight!! Go Big Blue!!, Just took a break from tape-watching & read the Fortune mag. story on a man I'm proud to call my friend, Rick Corman. You need to take a moment out of ur day & read it as well. The writer, Ms. Carol Loomis, put forth a Hall of Fame effort in capturing what makes Rick so special to so many. He's the only guy allowed to wear red in my gym - but he looks pretty good in blue & white too! We love you Rick - stay strong., Happy Birthday wishes to Darius Miller. Ellen will have the brownies ready for u Tuesday, Darius - she didn't want to distract u from ur individual workout!!
Great news 4 all the be-LEAF-ers out there: Orange Leaf Brighton (Hamburg) opens tonight at 7 p.m. (ET). Giveaways, fun & FroYo! Check out what ALL of Lexington is talking about. Eat Orange, Bleed Blue!, Best of luck 2 Coach Mitchell & UK Hoops 2nite as they face UNC in the 2nd rd of the NCAA Tourney at 9:30 pm ET (ESPN2 & ESPN3.com). B sure to check out Ken Howlett's look back at past Sweet 16 appearances by the Cats (link below). 
Also: Coach Cal Mobile Network members will have another chance this wk 2 discounted unique apparel. JOIN NOW. Text: CAL to 28553
Go Big Blue!, Had to stop in at Wheeler's Pharmacy to visit w/The Knights of the Horseshoe of Wisdom! Feeling wiser already! The staff is really working hard preparing 4 OSU (Friday, 9:45 pm ET) & the guys will do individual work later today. Reminder that the games aren't the only competition underway: The Heart of the Program Challenge is still underway 2 benefit the V Foundation for Cancer Research. Go Big Blue!, Had to pop into Wheeler's Pharmacy this morning & check in w/the Knights of The Horseshoe of Wisdom!! I feel wiser just being in their presence! Our staff is really working hard preparing 4 OSU (Friday, 9:45 pm ET, CBS) & the guys will do individual work later. Reminder that the "Heart of the Program" challenge is underway & is a great way 2 support the V Foundation 4 Cancer research. Link below. Go Big Blue!, From @UKAthleticsNews: Tip-off for Friday's UK-Ohio State game in Newark, N.J., will be at 9:45 p.m. ET on CBS. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Coach Cal - Can we get one more? - http://lexy.com/p/202324, Enjoying a gorgeous a.m. in the Bluegrass w/the family & then heading our 4 some recruiting b4 meeting w/the team later today. So proud of the guys & excited to attack our next challenge. Reminder to watch "This is Kentucky Basketball" at 11:30 am in Lex - check local listings 4 show times. Also, below, is a great column on my mentor Larry Brown I hope you'll read. Go Big Blue!, Let's hear it for Coach Matthew Mitchell & UK Hoops - survive & advance - it's the same 4 everyone at this time of year. Now they move on to a Monday game w/UNC. 
Had a great flight home - enjoyed sharing the trip w/the band & cheer squad - another dedicated group that gives their all EVERY game. Guys will rest up & I'll head out recruiting. Enjoy & Go Big Blue!!, Our guys just Refused to Lose & I'm so proud of all them - How about Brandon? Wow. Going to be a nice flight home & then we get ready for whoever our next opponent is in Newark on Friday (TBA). Thanks to all our great fans both here in Tampa & all over the Big Blue Nation; you guys make all the difference - Enjoy the path & Go Big Blue!!, We all got a good night's rest & r ready to compete against a talented & well-coached West Virginia team. Let's all enjoy the path & know how hard our guys have worked to get to this point. We will all do our best to make the BBN proud. Cant wait to see our support in the arena today - make yourselves heard if ur here!!! Go Big Blue!, Everyone is back resting up after a good practice 2 prepare 4 a tough West Virginia team.  We start early on Saturday at 12:15 pm ET on CBS. Go Big Blue!, That was a wild day of Tournament games & I'm sure there r more to come all weekend. What better way to enjoy the Madness than w/Papa John's Hearty Meats pizza for $11?  Go to papajohns.com for more great tournament deals. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Got up early for Mass w/my dad who I'm glad has been able to travel w/us these 2 weekends - means a lot to me. Watching tape & preparing for a really strong & physical & well-coached West Virginia team. We practice later this afternoon & then rest up for our 12:15 pm ET (CBS) game on Sat. Keep ur well-wishes coming - we all appreciate your support. Go Big Blue!, At this time of year, it's win & advance. The guys did what was needed to win & now we prepare for a really good West Virginia team on Saturday. Thanks to all our great fans who turned out to cheer us on & give us the extra lift we needed to beat an incredibly well-coached Princeton team. Wow. Let's all catch our breath & enjoy this win for a bit. Go Big Blue - be safe out there!, Just got to the arena & wanted to again remind everyone to enjoy the path - our guys have worked so hard to be where they are today & they will do their best to make you proud on every possession! Looks like a lot of blue filling in the arena - I love it! Saw this happy couple grilling up a porterhouse steak on our way in - Our fans know how to travel - love the hairdo too!! Go Big Blue!, It's Game Day, St. Patrick's Day & also a Day 2 make sure u r part of Coach Cal's Mobile Network. CCMN members will get an INCREDIBLE offer this AM giving a HUGE discount on 1 of the season's hottest UK apparel items. Don't be left out - Text: CAL to 28553 or visit: http://bit.ly/CCMNSTPATS.
Also, b sure to visit CoachCal.com 4 exclusive photos from Wed & Ken Howlett's Princeton preview. ^CoachCal.com Staff, We had a good day of preparation 4 a really tough Princeton team. We will all get a good night's rest & b ready 4 the 2:45 tip-off on Thurs. Funny story: Yankee Alex Rodriguez stopped by our practice today at the Univ of Tampa. But I was so focused on preparing, I didn't even know he was in attendance until the guys told me afterward!! Thx to ARod for stopping in - my son, Brad was super excited to see him., Had a good closed practice & we all want 2 thank the fans who came out 4 our open practice - of course we had the most support!! A reminder that highlights from our FoxSportsSouth.com live chat r now posted: http://bit.ly/9Idp9e - Touched on a wide array of topics & even gave a tour of my home office! Guys will get rest this afternoon & a good nite of sleep. Go Big Blue!, We r getting in a good practice over at the University of Tampa & then will head over to the arena for media responsibilities & open practice. Have to wish 2 dear friends, who share a birthday, all the best on their special day - Tom & Chris Arington, thank u for ur friendship & support of UK. Enjoy the day. Go Big Blue!, 1. The "Heart of the Program" Challenge (part of Dickie V Gala) is off 2 a great start. But it's March Madness & we ALL need 2 step it up 2 ensure a W over UNC. Info here: http://bit.ly/HrtProgUK  
2. You will kick urself if ur not part of Coach Cal's Mobile Network by Thurs, Noon ET. Incredible apparel deal coming 4 ALL members. Text: CAL to 28553 or visit here: http://bit.ly/CCMN031511  ^CoachCal.com Staff
, Watching some tape this morning, then getting on the treadmill b4 practice & we'll depart this afternoon 4 CaTampa. 
Hoping you all remember a special young man I met earlier this season, Kyle Pezzi: http://on.fb.me/KPezzi  
Kyle will be undergoing some surgery this week & I'm hoping the Big Blue Nation can send prayers & good thoughts to Kyle & his family. Stay strong my friend - we'll see you soon! Go Big Blue!, This is what this time of year is all about: Having Fun!! 
Last year it was The John Wall Dance and this year UK is again an "early adopter" of the rage sweeping basketball: 3-Goggling!!
Great story w/a comment from Coach Cal in the Wall Street Journal. Here's hoping our guys keep wearing the Goggles!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, CoachCal.com wraps up the trip to Catlanta & starts packing for CaTampa. Check it out & don't forget Coach Cal's radio call-in show at 6 p.m. ET tonite on the Big Blue Sports Radio Network. ALSO: We're hearing the Coach Cal Mobile Network is going to soon be pushing out some more great deals or discounts. Don't be left out! Sign up now for FREE by texting: CAL to 28553. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Sorry we had to cut the Live Video Chat a bit short - ran into a few technical snafus! Great questions & I've enjoyed doing those all year long. We'll be back w/a Mailbag next wk.
Our guy Joe Kawaja at Fan Outfitters asked us to pass along this link for u to get ur Back-to-Back Cats t-shirt: http://bit.ly/hLYyvM
Sharp looking & selling fast! Thanks 2 Joe & his team 4 all their support of UK Athletics. Go Big Blue!, Needed to stop in & visit w/the Horseshoe of Wisdom at Wheeler's. I feel wiser already!! Big day of tape watching & preparing. Focused on the task at hand & so proud of our guys 4 the way they've handled everything. 
Reminder that our LIVE video chat will start at Noon ET at FoxSportsSouth.com: http://bit.ly/frrwiu
Join me & get ur questions answered!
Go Big Blue!!, Finally got a chance to catch my breath & sit down w/Ellen & the kids. We are so blessed to be here in The Commonwealth w/the greatest fans. Couple of reminders:
1. FoxSportsSouth.com LIVE video chat on Monday at Noon ET: http://bit.ly/frrwiu 
2. Video you won't see anywhere else (below) includes post game locker room and on-court celebration, Well, now we know what is ahead of us. Time to get to work. Thanks to Papa John's 4 providing all sorts of pizza & wings 4 the selection show at my house - PJ's Jude Thompson even delivered some himself!! Now that's service! Hope u will listen to my Lexy - It's hard to explain why we are seeded where we r but NOTHING is going to ruin my day - & don't let it ruin ur day. Go Big Blue!, Coach Cal - S E C CHAMPS!! - http://lexy.com/p/201126, Wow! So proud of our guys. Everybody did their job & we won it as a TEAM. I probably haven't mentioned it lately, but you all are crazy - I walked out onto the court & had to check twice if we were in Rupp!! Thanks for all ur support. Let's continue to enjoy the path! Go Big Blue!!, Let's keep the "CatDome" rocking today - the guys will need all of your magnificent support whether you're here in Catlanta or anywhere in the Big Blue Nation - send those good vibes. Over at CoachCal.com Ken Howlett offers up a title game preview, including 5 Things to Look For in today's game against Florida. Go Big Blue! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Proud of the guys for playing together as a team & really sharing & caring for the ball (16 assists on 27 FGs & just 7 turnovers). Good win for us and going to be another tough one on Sunday against a really good Florida squad (1 p.m. ET, ABC).
Thanks for everyone's support both here in 'Catlanta' & from all across the Big Blue Nation. Remember to "Spring Forward" tonight. Go Big Blue!!, Hope you all got some rest! The staff was up late preparing as the guys got their own rest in preparation 4 another battle against a very good Alabama team (1 p.m. ET, ABC). Let's all continue to enjoy the path.
Meantime, please check out Ken Howlett's look at today's game over at CoachCal.com. Ken has done a SUPER job all season, I hope ur enjoying all his efforts. Go Big Blue!, Glad to get a win in our 1st tournament game w/a young team. Mentally, that 1st one is always hard. Guys played hard & Doron really kept us in it w/his shooting (7 of 10 FG, team-high 19 pts). Got a bunch of tape to watch & the guys need to rest up. 
Please check out CoachCal.com 4 a post-game poll, Papa John's Quote of the Game & photos from Catlanta!! Go Big Blue & thanks 2 our amazing for all ur support., A little video flavor of Catlanta for those of you who couldn't make it to the SEC Tournament this year! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Had a good shootaround at the GA Dome this a.m. & now resting b4 game at 3:30pm ET (SEC Network). 
As u know Papa John's is our charter sponsor on CoachCal.com & their partnership helps in the operating costs 4 the site so many of u visit every day. Let's show our thanx by heading over 2 PJ's FB page & giving a LIKE!
Also, don't 4get Fan Outfitters is in Catlanta - check out the mobile store near Centennial Park!!!, We all gain perspective when we see natural disasters such as the one Japan is now enduring. Later today we will play a game - and it's just that, a game. Let's try & keep that perspective as we send our prayers & thoughts to the people of Japan & everyone affected by this horrific disaster. Let's again show how big the heart of the BBN is. Thank you., Had a good practice Thurs. & then went & had some chicken & waffles at Gladys Knight's restaurant. We had special visitors at our team breakfast Thurs. morning as Matt Bradford & his girlfriend, Amanda, were kind enough to spend some time w/us. Matt is a true hero & an inspiration. We will all get a good nite's rest & be ready 4 a tough Ole Miss team that has already beaten us this year. Go Big Blue!, Late night traveling back from New Jersey but up and at 'em this morning ready to prepare for our next game. They tell me Atlanta is starting to look an awful lot like downtown Lexington on gameday!! Painting the town blue again!! Travel safe if ur headed this way and we will c u in the Georgia Dome tomorrow afternoon at 3:30 pm ET. Go Big Blue!!, PT. 2 "This is the greatest part of occupying the seat I have at UK - seeing our staff members reach their dreams & further their own careers. Everyone at UK wishes Martin all the best and we thank him for all his hard work and dedication.", COACH CAL ON SAMFORD HIRING MARTIN NEWTON AS ATHLETIC DIRECTOR (2 Parts):
PT. 1 "Samford University is not only bringing home 1 of their own, but they are getting 1 the brightest & most progressive athletic administrators I have ever been around. Martin has been a huge asset u the Univ. of KY basketball program over these past 2 years & on a personal level he has become a dear friend & trusted confidant., Getting ready for an early practice & then the team will head to ATL & I'll meet up w/them late tonight after going to NJ to see Michael Gilchrist's final HS game. Can't wait to watch him & see his family. The BBN is going to love him & all our future Cats. If ur heading to ATL, travel safe & let's paint that city Blue. See u all at the Georgia Dome!, Thanks to everyone who came out to opening night of the Romany Road Orange Leaf. Great to be working w/such a community-conscious ownership group - & people who truly believe in their product & customer service. Enjoy the video & check back late Wednesday AM 4 more on our preparations 4 the post-season. Guys r really putting in the time & effort., If ur not busy tonight & ur in the area of Romany Road (across from Wheeler's Pharmacy), why don't you stop by the newest Orange Leaf & see just how much frozen yogurt 1 basketball coach can eat in 1 sitting!! Stop over & find out what is so unbe-LEAF-able about the best FroYo u will ever taste. T-shirt giveaways & more. . . Go Big Blue and Go Big Orange Leaf!!, Okay, so who's going to Catlanta? WOW! ALL of you! Perfect - because Fan Outfitters will be there too! Look 4 the Fan Outfitters Merchandise Trailer & b sure to get ur 3-Goggle t-shirt: http://bit.ly/fFiRY6
Everybody is 3-Goggling w/the Cats! Visit Fan Outfitters at 136 International Boulevard in ATL, close to Centennial Park or any of its 3 KY locations. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Watching some tape, getting ready for practice & preparing 4 the post-season. Still a long way to go but good signs from the guys & I love their focus & work ethic - need to keep it going.
My latest mailbag is up at FoxSportsSouth.com - I take u inside Sunday's 1/2 time locker room; talk about my guy Sammy Cassell & there's a special guest appearance from MY vote 4 NBA MVP - DRose!! Check it out below. Go Big Blue!, Hitting the road recruiting after a busy morning at the office. Guys get today off & then we are back at it Tues. Let's all enjoy the path together.  
BTW, Hearing good things about another Orange Leaf opening this week on Romany Road. Getting closer to my backyard!! Go Big Blue!!, The Greater Atlanta UK Alumni Club will host SEC Tourney pep rally on Fri, 3/11/11, at 11 am ET.  Will be held at the GA World Congress Ctr, Building C, Rooms 303-305, adjacent 2 Georgia Dome. UK Mascot, pep band, cheerleaders, & celebs. $12 for UK Alum. Assoc. members w/advance registration at: www.ukalumni.net/sectournament. Nonmembers & event walk-ups r $15.  Students pay $10 w/valid ID. ^CoachCal.com Staff, LISTEN UP! Coach Cal has something to tell you! "We grew up today"; "Terrific win"; "Rough road in SEC Tourney"; "We are getting better" - PLUS: Coach discusses which team in the nation reminds him most of the Cats. 
Hear coach's 3-minute podcast: http://bit.ly/hhUS54 
Record a message & win a signed Orange Leaf t-shirt. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Coach Cal - We grew up!!! - http://lexy.com/p/199954, Back in town & watching Matthew & UK Hoops w/Ellen & the kids. You know they're going to fight to the end. So proud of our guys & the toughness we showed. We grew up 2day. Great way to end the regular season & Papa John's has a great way for u to end the weekend, the Hearty Italian Meats pizza: http://bit.ly/pjcalfb030611, Our guys just refused to lose today & I'm so proud of them. How about the huge minutes Eloy (3 pts, 1 reb, 1 blk in 7 minutes) gave us in the 1st half? All the guys stepped up when we needed them to & now we get a well-earned bye in the SEC Tournament. Our 1st game will be on Friday vs. the winner of Ole Miss/USC at 3:30 pm ET (SEC Network). On to the post-season - Enjoy the ride & Go Big Blue!!, Great win for Matthew & UK hoops Sat. nite. Congrats. Looks like we will play two against Tennessee tomorrow! Good luck to the ladies & I'm looking forward to seeing how our guys respond to another hostile environment in Knoxville (Noon ET, CBS). We will give it our all, I know that. Go Big Blue!!, Had a good practice in Lex & getting on the road to Knoxville. Want to wish Matthew & UK Hoops the best of luck l8r 2day. Also want to urge every1 to get over to the Paul Miller Ford Facebook page & "Like" them. My good friends over there tell me March is Truck Month. 4 every truck sold during the "Stampede of Savings" they'll give a donation to UK Children's Hospital. Let's help them stay #1! Go Big Blue!
, Congrats 2 (Twitter handles) @UKCoachMitchell & the @UKHoopCats 4 knocking off LSU today in the SEC Tourney, 60-58. Win & advance at this time of year & Coach Mitchell has his team as well-prepared as any in the nation. Condolences 2 the family & friends of Kansas's Ed Manning. I was fortunate enough to work w/him for 2 yrs at KU - a true gentleman., Find out what Coach Cal's Book Club for the Cats' reading assignment was this week at only 1 place: CoachCal.com. (http://bit.ly/212degreesCal) Also check out the Jorts Edition of "Sights and Sounds" complete w/a Happy Chandler soundtrack! (http://bit.ly/eT9hun)
Lastly, be sure to visit FoxSportsSouth.com for highlights from Coach Cal's Live Chat from earlier in the week. ^CoachCal.com Staff
, Had a good practice 2day as we prepare 4 another tough road game at TN on Sun. (Noon ET, CBS). We had a special visitor to practice today, as Odolphe Charles & his buddies Ian & Colin Rothbauer came by 2 visit. Odolphe is a survivor of the Haiti Earthquake, who was brought to KY by Healing the Children & is living w/Jim & Jen Rothbauer & family in Lexington. Inspiring story & 1 we will share on my Coach's TV show in a couple of wks. More info on HTC: http://bit.ly/htclvilleky, Heading into practice in a few minutes but wanted to share this video (below) with you from our own Ashley "ADub" Welsh. Sometimes we forget that Senior night is about more than just the students on the court - ADub gives a great reminder of what all this nuttiness is about!! Great stuff - hope you'll take the time to watch it. Thanks to Ashley for all she has done for CoachCal.com - an MVP by every definition. Go Big Blue!!, LISTEN UP! Coach Cal spent the "off" day visiting w/coalminers in Madisonville at Alliance Coal's Dotiki Mine. Hear Coach explain why the miners are TRULY a team; discuss being your brother's keeper; & what his Wed. recruiting schedule consisted of. 
LISTEN to the LEXY & then RECORD a comment here: http://lexy.com/p/199304 & become eligible 4 a signed Orange Leaf tshirt. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Spent time today at Alliance Coal's Dotiki Mine w/some of the biggest Cat fans u will ever find. What a great group of people who truly understand the meaning of teamwork. I salute them all for Powering Kentucky. Stopped in Indy  for some recruiting, then home to watch tape & prepare for Tenn. Go Big Blue!
Check out more Dotiki photos at CoachCal.com - http://bit.ly/dotikivisit, Coach Cal discusses his mentor & former Coach, the great Bill Sacco, over at CoachCal.com. Check it out and find out how you can win a signed Orange Leaf of Lexington t-shirt! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Few things as I head out 2 visit the crew at the Dotiki Mine, who were so kind & giving during Hoops 4 Haiti. Then some recruiting 2nite.
1. Look 4 a signed Orange Leaf t-shirt giveaway at CoachCal.com later 2day - details will b embedded in a story re: Coach Cal's HS coach, Bill Sacco.
2. The Partners in Pharmacy Tour is coming 2 a KY community near u. Dean Tim Tracy hopes to see u on the road! 
, We needed a close win & I'm proud of the guys for pulling this one out. How about Josh on Senior Night w/8 points, 9 rebounds, 4 blocks & 3 steals? Happy for him & his family that we were able to get this 1. Guys r off on Wed & staff will get out recruiting & preparing for another battle on Sunday. Go Big Jorts & Go Big Blue!!, It's been a long couple of weeks 4 our staff as we prepare to finish the regular season strong & head into the post-season; I want to thank Jimmy & his crew at Rafferty's 4 catering another incredible Staff Lunch - you guys provide the fuel that keeps us going!!! Lots to check out at CoachCal.com - hope you'll read Ken Howlett's super look at our trio of upperclassmen (link below). Go Big Blue!, Happy Jorts Day everyone! Now that I know what jorts are I can safely tell you I will NOT be wearing them to tonight's game vs. Vanderbilt (9 p.m., ESPN)!!! But I look forward to seeing all the jorts in the stands in honor of Josh! Watching tape now, shootaround this afternoon & then another tough opponent as we wind down the regular season. Enjoy the day & Go Big Jorts! I mean, Go Big Blue!!, Coach Cal Mobile Network (CCMN) members received a 50% discount at Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt (Lexington) w/Monday's official launch of the CCMN. What are you waiting for? Join now. It's FREE. It's Easy. And best of all, it helps Coach's Foundation (see video below). Be Part of Coach Cal's Network. . . 
Visit - http://bit.ly/i7uYBO - for more info. ^CoachCal.com Staff, All sorts of goodness over at CoachCal.com for your Monday evening pleasure: Chad Hobson's "Sights and Sounds" (brought to you by Papa John's, who we thank 4 catering Staff Lunch 2day); ALSO: Complete text of Coach Cal's latest motivational msg 2 The Cats. NO ONE COVERS COACH CAL LIKE COACHCAL.COM 
Don't forget Coach's radio show 2nite at 6 p.m. ET on the Big Blue Sports Radio Network. ^CoachCal.com Staff, I've been hearing all day from Coach Cal Mobile Network members how excited they r w/our first deal that was sent to their cell phones earlier 2day. It's for 1/2 off at a well-known retailer! Bcuz I want every1 to experience how the CCMN works, we will send out the same offer again tonite at 5:00 p.m. ET - Sign up b4 then to be eligible. Text: CAL to 28553 - Help the Calipari Family Foundation just by joining 4 FREE., I heard that Tues. is being called "Jorts Day." What does that mean? Should I get a pair of jorts? Do they sell them around here? Some1 help me!!
Meantime, I'm watching film & getting ready for the FoxSportsSouth.com LIVE video chat today at Noon ET - please join us as I answer questions & give away signed Orange Leaf t-shirts. Josh will have his own Sr. Day live blog on UKAthletics.com at 12:15 pm ET. Go Big Blue!!, LISTEN UP! - Coach Cal had the team over to the house on Sunday & you will find out what they discussed at just 1 place: Lexy.com. Record a comment at link below & become eligible for a signed Orange Leaf t-shirt & signed 500th Career Win final stat sheet from the UF win. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Still looking 4 more from Saturday's dual-milestone win over Florida? Check out Chad Hobson's pix, Ashley "ADub" Welsh's FlipCam video from rowdy Rupp & a special "Appreciation" 4 the newest member of the 500-win club. VISIT CoachCal.com; JOIN the Coach Cal Mobile Network - HELP the Calipari Family Foundation for Children. Go Big Blue!!  ^CoachCal.com Staff, Thanks to every1 for ur kind words. The only win I was concerned w/ Sat. was win #20 for our team - proud of our guys for getting it!
REMINDER: Live Chat Monday at Noon ET on FoxSportsSouth.com - join me & get ur questions answered LIVE via video.
Also, check out Ashley "ADub" Welsh's fantastic celebration video (below) from the UF win at a rockin' Rupp! Enjoy ur Sunday & Go Big Blue!!, Hey Big Blue Nation - Let's show Coach Cal how much we all appreciate the milestone win he notched w/the Cats on Saturday. 500 Career Wins for Coach!! Incredible. Send along a congratulatory comment - lets see if we can 500 of them!! Thanks - ^CoachCal.com Staff (Screen Shot from UK Athletics website home page), Hope everyone is ready to rock Rupp this afternoon!! CoachCal.com's Ken Howlett shares some pre-game need-to-know info as you prepare for the 4 p.m. ET game (CBS). Go Big Blue! ^CoachCal.com Staff, WOW! What a performance by UK softball junior Chanda Bell, who tossed a no-hitter in UK's 7-0 win vs Colorado St. Chanda had 16 Ks, breaking the UK single-game & moved into 1st place on UK's career K list (561). Congrats to Chanda, Coach Lawson & the team (now 9-2). Let's get Rupp rocking for Florida on Saturday (4 p.m. ET, CBS). Go Big Blue!, Finishing up some tape & getting ready for another good practice this afternoon in preparation for our re-match w/FLA (Saturday, 4 p.m. ET, CBS). Let's get Rupp rocking again & show everyone why the BBN is the best fanbase in America! Go Big Blue!!, Wow! Great win by (Twitter handles) @UKCoachMitchell & the @UKHoopCats. Special night at Memorial as it was Senior Night for Victoria Dunlap & Carly Morrow - great careers, Ladies. You both have done so much to help Coach Mitchell bring the program to where it is - one of the best in the Nation. The BBN thanks you for your loyalty & passion!! Go Big Blue!, I know it's frustrating to lose but stick by our guys. The next game is UF at home (Saturday, 4 p.m. ET, CBS) so let's make Rupp rock. Keep believing. Go Big Blue!, Just got to the arena & the guys are in a good mindset for tonight - we know it will be another hostile environment. Happy that Ellen's parents are going to be here tonight for the game - always great to have family in the stands - beyond our Big Blue Nation family of course!! Enjoy the game & Go Big Blue!! (8 p.m. ET tip, SEC Network & on the internet at ESPN3), Check out Ken Howlett's Arkansas game preview over at CoachCal.com. Also, Ken and his co-hosts will be talking w/Coach Joe B. Hall on their 1340 AM, WBGN call-in radio show tonight at around 5:15 pm ET. Visit http://www.1340wbgn.com/ to listen to live streaming (click on iTunes/Windows Media player logo on right side of page). Call in line is 270-742-9246 or email at sportsguys@1340wbgn.com ^CoachCal.com Staff, Watching some more tape of Arkansas and getting ready for shootaround in a couple of hours. Thanks to everyone who submitted Orange Leaf frozen yogurt flavor suggestions - great stuff! We will notify the 3 winners of signed "Bleed Blue, Eat Orange" t-shirts by Thurs. afternoon. 
Latest mailbag is up at FoxSportsSouth.com and I talk recruiting, Spud Webb (!!), the underrated SEC & MORE. Go Big Blue!!, Grabbing a great meal w/good friends at Herman's Ribhouse in Fayetteville. Wow!! Super BBQ. We'll meet as a team later & then rest up for a tough one tomorrow against Arkansas. Go Big Blue!!, Some unbe-LEAF-able news from Coach Cal about his involvement w/ Orange Leaf frozen yogurt is now posted at CoachCal.com (link below).
In honor of the announcement we will be giving away 3 "Bleed Blue, Eat Orange" t-shirts (signed by Coach) to the 3 commenters who leave the most creative (& appropriate!) ideas for new "froyo" flavors. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Had a good practice Mon. & finishing up some tape-watching this a.m. b4 an afternoon practice & departure 4 Arkansas later today. If u haven't joined the Coach Cal Mobile Network yet, please do so. We've got some great deals & discounts coming soon from some of ur favorite, nationally recognized business. Ur cell # is protected & never shared w/a 3rd party. Text CAL to: 28553 or check out link below for more info., Wow what a great road win for Coach Mitchell and UK Hoops at Vandy. Another 20-win season for them w/more to come! We'll get back at it today after a well-earned day off as we prepare for another tough road game at Arkansas on Wed. night. Check out the prior post & be sure to listen to my latest Lexy about a phone call I had with Coach Joe B. Hall after the SC game. What a tremendous man he is!, Coach Cal - Sorry coach hall!! He's the best! - http://lexy.com/p/197548, Coach Cal - Sorry coach hall!! He's the best! - http://lexy.com/p/197548, Let's give a Big Blue Nation birthday wish to Coach Orlando Antigua - truly one of the best young coaches in the country. I hope we all know how lucky we r to have the hard-working, talented staff we do!
Don't forget to watch this week's edition of "This is KY Basketball" at 11:30 am ET on WKYT & Noon ET on Fox Sports South.
Meantime, check out Ashley "ADub" Welsh's rockin' Rupp video below - the crowd got jiggy wid it for sure!!, Get over to CoachCal.com for the South Carolina Post Game Mash-Up - Papa John's Quote of the Game, running diary, photos and more. Enjoy your Sunday everyone! Go Big Blue!, A good win at home & I think we got better. Everyone contributed & we did some really nice things. Every game gets harder from here on out so we need to keep improving. Wasn't it neat to have Jodie, Patrick and Tim Masthay here? They r all part of our Big Blue Family., Had good shootaround this am & guys had strong focus. 
So proud that (Twitter handles) @boogiecousins, @jimmywa11 & @EBled24 represented the BBN so well is last nite's NBA All-Star Rookie game. 
We play at 4 ET on SEC Network vs. SC. Check local listings or watch on ESPN3 http://es.pn/i96kWJ
ALSO, join the CCMN FREE & b eligible 4 a signed iPad & other grt prizes. Text: CAL to 28553 or more info: http://bit.ly/i4vOXV, I was finishing up some tape in the office & was able to sneak over to Dance Blue for a bit. U wanna talk about servant leadership? This event is unbelievable & and it keeps getting bigger & better. Dr. & Mrs. Todd offered some really inspiring words to the students as well. We r going to miss them both so much! Go Big Blue and Go Dance Blue!!, Special thx once again 2 & the Rafferty's gang 4 staff lunch as we celebrated Coach O's birthday (Sun, 2/20). 
Starting 2 see some great involvement in the Coach Cal Mobile Network & I want 2 thank u all for doing ur part to help fund the children's financial literacy initiative the CCMN will support. Join FREE & b eligible 4 a signed iPad & other grt prizes. Text: CAL to 28553 or 4 more info the link below., 2day is my oldest child, Erin's 24th birthday. I still remember being in Pitt & Ellen saying, "I think I have 2 go 2 the hospital." As a baby, she was a roller & a climber - she'd fall asleep & roll thru the house or when awake she'd climb all in the drawers. She always knew 2 put herself in her crib & quiet herself down. Which is incredible cuz she hasn't stopped talking since! We love u & can't wait 2 call u Dr.!!, With NBA All-Star weekend upon us, check out this great story (below) on John Wall's NBA adjustment. 
Also, how about Derrick Rose's stat line from CHI's Thurs win over SanAnt: 42 points (w/out a single made 3-pointer), 8 assists, 5 rebounds in 39 minutes. I'd say he's more than an All-Star - he's the league's MVP!!
So happy to see our family members fulfilling their dreams!, Back at it today. Got a chance to pop into Charlotte & visit my Dad on Wed. Not to get 'preachy' but I hope u all make time to not just call ur loved ones, but also to visit them when u can. Amazing what some one-on-one time can mean! It was one of the best days of the year for me. Enjoy the day & Go Big Blue!, Some of you have been commenting on some new suits I've been wearing of late & I want to thank you for all the kind words. I also want to give a shout out to the two tailors who were kind enough to work w/me on the clothing: Andy Laungani of Continental Fashions & Rawlings Crittenden of Crittenden Clothes in Midway (http://crittendenclothes.com/about.html). Two really talented tailors & two exceptional gentlemen. , The guys r off today & the staff & I will have a chance to watch film & prepare 4 another tough 1 at home on Saturday vs. SC.
Hoping every1 has had a chance to learn about the Coach Cal Mobile Network (http://www.marlimar.com/cal.php) - we are giving away a brand new (signed) iPad, but u need to "opt-in" to be eligible. It's free & you'll get access to discounts & deals from national businesses. Text CAL to: 28553 to join.
Enjoy Ashely "ADub" Welsh's latest rockin Rupp video below. . ., This was a good win for us and how nice is it to have 2 in a row in Rupp? Great crowd tonight & we did some good things. Still a lot to work on but I like my team. Keep supporting us & Go Big Blue!!, CoachCal.com's Ken Howlett gets you ready for tonight's game against MSU: http://bit.ly/e8jMiT
Also, while you're waiting for tip-off, we urge you to check out the link below & sign-up to vote for Paducah as one of our nation's most distinctive destinations - there are a few familiar places we'd like to beat out as you will see on the list!! Thanks & Go Big Blue! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Some special friends in town for tonite's game including Father Jay from Fall River, MA & Team Focus founder &  former college football coach, Mike Gottfried, who was just honored as Mobilian of the Year (http://bit.ly/h8nTkW).
Reminder that the latest FoxSportsSouth.com mailbag is now posted (link below). I answer Qs on John Wall, recruiting & the NBA's midway point MVP. Check it out!, A special announcement regarding Coach Calipari's involvement in the Dick Vitale Gala (May 20) is now posted at CoachCal.com (link below). Coach Cal and Coach Roy Williams of UNC hope all of you will show your support for this incredible event and the new "Heart of the Program Challenge." ^CoachCal.com Staff, Want to wish everyone a Happy Valentine's Day, especially my wife, Ellen, for the amazing things she does day in and day out for me, Erin, Megan & Brad. Watching some film now & we'll practice this afternoon as we prepare for a tough MS State team. Looking forward to being back in Rupp Tues nite (7 pm ET, ESPN) - let's make it rock again. Go Big Blue!, Went out recruiting after film w/team. Got to catch up w/@MikeGillie14 (Twitter) too. Also wanted to congratulate our 4 signees on being named McDonald's All-Americans. A great honor for them all & something to build on. Also Congrats to @UKCoachMitchell & the @UKHoopCats on their last second win over LSU! Go Big Blue - let's make it a great week!, Coach Cal - The final push.  Next level - http://lexy.com/p/196222, Well, the guys showed a lot of fight. In that game, on CBS, (at) that high level? There was a lot of good. I just don’t like losing. It is a tough environment, a hard place to play. We gave ourselves a chance to win. Now we go back and get ready for MS State on Tuesday. We r getting better & gaining experience. Still a lot of basketball to play. One more Happy B-Day to Josh. - Go Big Blue!, UK at Vandy on CBS at 1 pm ET. Happy Birthday wishes to Josh Harrellson. Go Big Blue!, Get your game day off to a smart start with Ken Howlett's Vandy preview at CoachCal.com. Wish the Cats all the best in the comments below as they face the Commodores in Nashville! Go Big Blue! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Getting ready 4 practice & then the trip to Nashville for tomorrow's game at Vandy (1 pm ET, CBS). Making a big push to drive membership in the Coach Cal Mobile Network. Every1 who joins will help in raising funds 4 my Foundation. PLUS: All members become eligible to win an autographed iPad & other great prizes. Simple to join: Text: CAL (that's C - A - L) to: 28553 or visit http://bit.ly/i7uYBO for more info., It's Coach Cal's birthday, but he's giving away the presents! Join the Coach Cal Mobile Network & become eligible to win an autographed iPad & other great prizes PLUS u will soon begin receiving valuable offers & discounts from national businesses. Don't be left out - Get Mobile with Coach Cal. Simple to join: Text: CAL (that's C - A - L) to: 28553      ^CoachCal.com Staff, Looking ahead to Vamderbilt & wanted to share a few thoughts on them w/u: They are a good team. We all know that if (John) Jenkins gets going he can beat u by himself. Inside, (Festus) Ezeli is really good. He is really physical. They are 1 of the better teams in our league., Just about to head into practice but I need to thank some local spots (& of course Lunetha Pryor!!) for providing (& arranging) such a great birthday lunch. The Soup Kitchen (which also gave me the trophy below); Magee's Bakery for not 1, but 2 incredible cakes; & the gang over at Orange Leaf for the best frozen yogurt ever! (Red Velvet - WOW!). Most of all, thanks for the BBN's 2,000-plus bday wishes here on Facebook. You guys are incredible - thanks for making my day special., It's Coach Cal's birthday, but he's giving away the presents! Join the Coach Cal Mobile Network & become eligible to win an autographed iPad & other great prizes PLUS u will soon begin receiving valuable offers & discounts from national businesses. Don't be left out - Get Mobile with Coach Cal. Simple to join: Text: CAL (that's C - A - L) to: 28553  ^CoachCal.com Staff, Okay BBN, it's ur Coach's bday - let's see how many happy bday comments we can load him up with below!! We'll do a group version of the happy bday song at 12:30 pm ET - feel free to join in wherever u r!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Sorry to have had to miss the press conference announcing Mitch Barnhart's extension - I'm on the road recruiting as most of u know. But on behalf of the UK basketball program I want 2 congratulate Connie & Mitch on his well-deserved extension. It's been a pleasure to work w/Mitch & his dedicated staff over these 2 seasons & to know he will be around for the foreseeable future gives us all great comfort. We look forward to keeping UK Basketball & the entire department as the gold standard in college athletics., Get stats, Papa John's Quote of the Game, Game Poll, John Wall & more at the "Post Game Mash-Up" on CoachCal.com. , I'm proud of the guys. They committed to each other & refused to lose. Wasn't it great to have John Wall back in Rupp? What a great ambassador 4 our university. Day off 4 the guys tomorrow & I'll get out 4 some recruiting w/the staff. Then we get ready 4 another tough road game at Vandy. Go Big Blue!, CoachCal.com's Ken Howlett previews the Tennessee game (ESPN, 9 p.m. ET) Be sure to check out the Post Game Mash-Up at CoachCal.com later tonight as well for exclusive photos, insight, the Papa John's Quote of the Game and more. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Watching more tape & getting ready for shootaround. Let's get Rupp rocking tonight & show the nation why we have the best, classiest fans in the nation. If ur looking to kill some time before tip-off (ESPN, 9 pm ET), my new mailbag is up online. Want to know who my favorite athlete growing up was? Also get my post-game assessment on the Stillers-GB game! Check it out at the link below., Visit CoachCal.com for news on: Terrence Jones and his dunk; Brandon Knight and Bob Cousy; and Coach Cal and Teachers who Make a Difference. Go Big Blue!
^CoachCal.com Staff, Watching tape & getting ready for another good practice this afternoon. 
Just wanted to congratulate CoachCal.com's newest partner, Papa John's, on an incredible 1st season as the NFL's Official Pizza. It was capped off w/last night's Super Bowl & I'm guessing my good friend John Schnatter was sweating a bit when it almost went to OT!! So happy to be working w/Papa & his people - Go Big Blue!!, It's been a tough week but there's still a lot of basketball ahead. We lose 2 in the last seconds AND the "Stillers" lose a heart breaker. All 3 opponents (Ole Miss, Fla & Green Bay) played well & deserved the glory. We bounce back & get ready for a rocking Rupp on Tuesday night (9 pm ET, ESPN) vs. Tenn. Players & staff all know the talent we have. I like our team. Go Big Blue!, LISTEN UP!! Coach Cal discusses the FLA loss & the team's 4 losses by 2 pts each: "I believe in this team. Let's all take responsibility & work 2 improve. It's all ahead of us." Listen link below or download App at iTunes - 
Wishing CoachCal.com's newest partner, Papa John's, has a great SB: If the Super Bowl goes into OT Papa's giving away free pizza. Go 2 papajohns.com to sign up for their "My Papa Points" program., Coach Cal - I believe in this team. Let's take responsibility and work to improve.  Its all ahead of us. - http://lexy.com/p/194893, Every1 ready for 2nite's game at FLA (ESPN, 9 pm ET)? Was able to share a few minutes pre-game w/ @theRealDickVitale & The Schwab, Howie "Stump The" Schwab! Don't 4get about the DickieV Gala, 5/20/11 in Sarasota. 
FYI: ALL DAY on Super Bowl Sunday, every 45 seconds some1 who orders online at papajohns.com is going to win a $45 Papa John's gift card. Have these guys lost their minds!?! WOW! Details at papajohns.com., Just finished up GameDay at the arena and now I'm going to get in a good workout. Reminder that Crazy stuff is happening for the Super Bowl this year. Did you hear Papa John's is giving away MILLIONS of FREE pizzas if the Super Bowl goes into OT? That's crazy! You just have to be a member of their My Papa Points to get your Free pizza - go to papajohns.com and sign up. Go Big Blue!, What a pleasure to have Dr. Pearse Lyons & his good friend motivational expert, Declan Coyle, at practice today. Mr. Coyle was able to speak to the team after practice & shared some great tips about being a better teammate & erasing doubt & fear. 
Happy to announce Papa John's as a CoachCal.com sponsor, Papa asked me 2 tell u all: PJ's is giving away FREE pizzas if the SB goes in2 OT. That's crazy! Go to papajohns.com & sign up., A bit more on the Coach Cal Mobile Network (see prior post): Proceeds from the CCMN will specifically be geared toward Coach Calipari’s Financial Literacy for children program which is set to launch in the Spring of 2011 in conjunction w/our partner, Washington, D.C.-based EverFi. The program will be piloted in Louisville & Lexington w/expansion throughout the state planned for the 2011-12 school year. ^CC.com Staff, On behalf of the Calipari Family Foundation for Children, I'm proud to announce the formation of the Coach Cal Mobile Network. It's FREE to participate & every1 who enrolls will be eligible to win great prizes, including a signed iPad from me! 

Click here for more details & to become a member: http://www.marlimar.com/cal.php or by Text: CAL to 28553

Membership will get u discounts & offers from NATIONAL businesses. (You can opt-out at ANY time.) Thanks for getting Mobile With Me! http://www.marlimar.com/cal.php, Congrats to Mr. Jim Host & Dr. Pearse Lyons on their Commonwealth Legacy Awards. Two extraordinary men whose vision 4 Kentucky is unmatched. Inspiring any time I'm with them & so happy to have been able to share their special night at the Commonwealth Legacy Awards event. Special men., Coach Cal discusses Thursday's productive practice & the Cats' need to say "NEXT!!" ALSO: Coming Friday, the Calipari Family Foundation for Children will have an exciting announcement in advance of #ESPN's #GameDay in Gainesville on Saturday; the Big Blue Nation is going to LOVE it. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Coach Cal - Let's get better!  NEXT!!  Cal - http://lexy.com/p/194373, Watching film & getting ready for practice this afternoon. Wanted to congratulate Joker & his staff on the great Signing Day they had Wednesday. The depth & breadth of the class shows just how great a job Joker & the guys are doing. I know Rock Oliver is looking forward to working w/the newest Cats & preparing them for elite-level football!! Go Big Blue!, 1. Coach Cal's radio show is tonight on the Big Blue Sports Radio Network from 6-7 pm ET. Check local listings & join in on the caller line.
2. CoachCal.com Contributor Ken Howlett begins a UK sports themed radio show tonite from 5-6 ET on WBGN (Bowling Green) along w/Norm Haney & BC Thomas.  Mike Pratt is the trio's 1st guest. Tune in or stream it online at: http://www.1340wbgn.com/
 ^CoachCal.com Staff, Want to wish Coach Joker Phillips & our football team the best of luck today, National Signing Day. What a great program & university young men will be committing to - can't wait to meet the latest class.
Be sure to check out the "Best of Coach Cal's Live Chat" at www.FoxSportsSouth.com.
Lastly, a reminder that today is the 25th annual National Girls & Women In Sports Day - "Play, Believe, Achieve." Go Big Blue!
, Getting ready for another tough road test in a hostile environment - we had a good shootaround & the guys understand the passion & energy they need to bring. A REMINDER that due to postponement of the Big 12 game our game at Ole Miss will be on both ESPN2 and ESPNU at 7 ET.
Check out Ken Howlett's game preview at CoachCal.com (below). Go Big Blue!, Here in Oxford and ready for another tough road game. Just realized I neglected to wish one of my closest friends in Lexington, Joe 'Joe-Joe' Palumbo a very happy birthday. You r the best Joe-Joe, thanks for all you do for my family and our program., Wow, was that fun on the www.foxsportssouth.com LIVE chat - unbelievable questions. We'll have another 1 next month & the hi-lites of 2day's will be posted at their site later this wk.
On a more serious note, condolences go out to former UMass football coach, Mike Hodges, who lost his wife, Sue. Mike is a great friend & he & Sue were super to us when we were in Amherst. Stay strong, Mike & God Bless., Watching film getting ready for Ole Miss - we'll have a good practice this afternoon & then head to Oxford for a very tough Ole Miss team. 
Hope you will join us at Noon ET for our www.foxsportssouth.com live chat. Hoping to answer as many questions as possible in 30 minutes - would love for one of them to be YOURS!! Can't wait to hear form the BBN & interact in this unique forum. , Learn about "The Law of the Price Tag" as it was presented to the Cats by Coach Cal. 
And don't forget the www.foxsportssouth.com LIVE chat with Coach on Monday at Noon ET. Join in, ask questions directly to Coach & get instant video answers. ^CoachCal.com Staff, We will get back on the court this afternoon at 4 pm. At that time, I'm going to share something w/the BBN that I had the player's read after Friday's practice. Every now and again I give the players things to read and hold onto. I think you will all enjoy it. Visit CoachCal.com at 4 pm ET & see what I gave them. Go Big Blue!, I hope every1 enjoys their Sunday & has some family time to enjoy. Some reminders:
1. "This is Kentucky Basketball" airs 2day - check ur local TV listings (11:30 am in Lex on WKYT)
2. LIve chat at www.FoxSportsSouth.com on Mon, Noon ET. Hope 2 "see" as many of u as possible. LOVE interacting directly w/the BBN: www.CoachCalMailbag.com
3. Visit CoachCal.com for the Post Game Mash-Up & watch Ashley "ADub" Welsh's great video below., Coach Cal - A good week with a mentor and friend. - http://lexy.com/p/193539, Another good win vs. a really tough opponent. I'll say it again: We have more upside on this team than any team in the country. ^Coach Cal
Check out the CoachCal.com Post Game Mash-Up: Vote for Game MVP & see photos you'll only get in 1 place. http://www.coachcal.com/2011/01/29/post-game-mash-up-georgia/#   ^CoachCal.com Staff, Had a good shootaround & the guys know what we need to do - mainly play each & every possession w/passion & desire. Looking 4ward to getting back into Rupp after our off-week. How about this picture from this A.M.? Two Hall of Famers & a kid from Pittsburgh! WOW! Great to see Adrian "Odie" Smith &  it's been invaluable to have Coach Brown visiting us. ALSO: Check out Ken Howlett's preview of the game at: http://bit.ly/hUWxyL Go Big Blue!, Want to wish congratulations to our good friends at the Paul Miller Autogroup, who are celebrating the Grand Opening of their most recent facility in Winchester. Included at the location on Bypass Road is an AutoOutlet, Ford Quick Lane service & a Fortune Collision/Paint Centre. The Millers do everything first class & I'm so grateful for all their support - true friends & loyal partners. http://www.paulmillerford.com/specials/72, Watching tape & getting ready 4 the Georgia game (Sat, 4 pm ET, ESPN) - I've liked the guys' energy in practice.
Notes: 1. A few of "our guys" r nominated to compete in the NBA Skills Challenge (below) - vote 4 John, Derrick & Tyreke!
2. Let's all wish Tony Delk a happy Bday - Tony loves some Rafferty's so Jimmy & his staff r going 2 bring over some of his faves! But don't tell TD - it's a surprise!!!, Heading onto the treadmill after the fantastic lunch provided to the staff by Steve Atkins & his team at The Crossroad on Southland. Excellent stew, ribs & all the southern treats you'd expect from a blues club/restaurant. Saving the pecan pie for after practice!! Thanks guys - appreciate you feeding us as we prepare for a tough one on Sat. vs. GA. Go Big Blue!
http://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Crossroad-on-Southland/147106561975857, Our friends at Samaritan's Feet have been given $10,000 as part of a partnership w/me, ESPN & Infiniti. Samaritan's can win $100,000 if I get the most votes, which would buy 10,000 pairs of shoes for impoverished children. We r in 2nd place behind Coach Donovan’s charity as of now - Please click on the link below & click the VOTE button under my name. Let's show everyone the power of the BBN!, Getting ready for practice & really excited as Coach Larry Brown is visiting for a few days. Anxious to have him get a good look at our team & help us improve. Coach Brown has been a true friend & mentor to me & it's great to be able to share some time w/him. We also have a visiting coach from China in for a few days to observe our team - the more eyes & the more input we can get, the better!! Go Big Blue!, 2 long days of recruiting, practice & tape watching but this is the time of year I love - being able 2 work w/our young men & get out & see the quality student-athletes who want to b a part of our UK Family.
On a separate note, I talked to Urban Active's Royce Pulliam over the weekend & he wanted 2 make sure our Cat fans in ATL know about the Summer opening of UA in Buckhead. It's going to be an incredible facility., Had a good practice today & the guys really got after it. I'm heading out to do some more recruiting tonite - can't wait 2 c the Big Blue Nation at the gym I go to - they're always there, no matter where the gym is!!
Did want to share this picture from Las Vegas on Mon. of me w/the Maloof brothers. Great friends & they tell me they are loving DeMarcus in Sacramento. Always a pleasure to share time w/them., The latest www.foxsportssouth.com mailbag is now posted. Watch as Coach discusses - among other topics - where the Cats are now; where he hopes they'll be in 2 months & why he's decided to wear a helmet!! 
Don't forget next Monday (1/31/11) Coach will hold another FoxSportsSouth.com LIVE Chat at NOON ET. ^CoachCal.com Staff, WOW! How about them Stillers! (That's Pittsburgh-ese for Steelers!!) Believe me, I love the Bengals too, but I grew up w/the Steel Curtain. So happy for Coach Tomlin, Coach Fichtner & the team. Picture below is from our www.FoxSportsSouth.com mailbag shoot this am! Mail delivered later 2day.
Also, reminder to UK students: Ticket Lottery 2nite! Bring an extra $1 or more 4 @UKDanceBlue (Twit) & @UKCoachMitchell (Twit) & me will match up to $2,500!, Coach Cal - We bounce back...now what's next? - http://lexy.com/p/192018, Vote 4 your favorite coach or the charity that inspires u the most. Winning charity gets $100k. Vote everyday thru 3/11. Help Samaritan's Feet in their remarkable efforts! http://es.pn/hPn4sV.  ^CoachCal.com Staff, Thanks to all then fans who gave us such a lift at the end of the game. Always a great crowd when K Fund brings a large group like they had in Columbia. There was a lot of blue & we appreciate that from every1 who traveled near & far. Go Big Blue! ^Coach Cal
Don't forget to check out 'This is Kentucky Basketball' on Sun. (check local TV listings & see previous episodes at the WKYT link below). ^CoachCal.com Staff, A good win & I'm proud of how our guys responded on the road in a hostile environment. Still a long way to go but any time you can win on the road, it's a good thing. Enjoy the rest of your weekend and be sure to check out the Post Game Mash-Up at CoachCal.com. Go Big Blue!, Good shootaround this AM & I like the guys' energy & focus. Another hostile environment that will test us, but that's why you come to UK - to be everybody's Super Bowl! Be sure to check out Ken Howlett's preview of the game at CoachCal.com. Go Big Blue!, Watching some tape on a really good SC team & then we'll practice b4 heading to Columbia this afternoon.
Want to thank the student paper 4 covering what I feel was a very important event Thurs. at the UK Student Ctr. I hope we were able to raise awareness on being fiscally responsible - no matter what ur age! 1 last thing - speedy recovery to my guy, Marcus Camby, who had knee surgery on Thurs. Go Big Blue!!, Want to thank Pres. Todd & the "Are You Credit Wise" group for inviting me to take part in their program this morning w/over 300 students. Peer educator Kayla Klein delivered an impressive presentation on the importance of being fiscally responsible.
Also want to remind everyone of the 20th anniversary Joe B. Hall/KY Prep Classic this Sat (1/22, from 2-9 pm ET) at the MCHS Arena in Mt. Sterling. Always a great day of bball action., Headed to UK's Student Ctr at 10 am to speak in support of student financial literacy w/Pres. Todd. This is an issue of personal interest to me and important for the BBN too. According to a recent report by Sallie Mae, of the 84% of undergrads who have credit cards, the average balance is more than $3,100. Need to make sure our young adults r fiscally responsible. Go Big Blue!, LISTEN UP!! Coach Cal & the Cats look to put Alabama behind them & take the positive from it - & there were positives to it; chiefly the "comeback." Coach Cal discusses that & more on his latest Lexy. (Also a summary of radio show comments on Tues nite's game. Visit: http://lexy.com/p/191321
. . . OR GET the iPhone/iPad App: http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/lexy2/id385415014?mt=8   ^CoachCal.com Staff, Coach Cal - Tough loss. We move on! - http://lexy.com/p/191321, Attention all students: Be credit-wise Thurs. at 10 a.m. in the UK Student Center Grand Ballroom. UK senior Kayla Klein will be hosting a FREE seminar on spending & credit habits for students. President Todd & I will be voicing our support for student financial literacy prior to Kayla’s talk! (More info below). Hope to see you there!, Coach Cal's latest Fox Sports South mailbag is posted & it's must-viewing for all of the BBN. Coach talks about the intimidation factor of Michael Jordan; his ESPN MLK Town Hall experience; staying in touch w/the Draft Cats & much more. Check it out now at the link below. ^CoachCal.com Staff, I do want to apologize for my language at the end of the game. I got caught up in the emotion of the game, but that's no excuse. Sometimes you don't realize in the moment that what you're saying is on national TV. The BBN deserves better and so do my players. I am sorry., Proud of the way our guys fought back but we can't dig a hole like that against a quality SEC opponent. Alabama played well and we still have to learn the level u need to compete at on the road. We will get after it again tomorrow and get ready for SC on Sat. Thank u all for ur support, Go Big Blue!, Made it to church here in Tuscaloosa this am; was able to get in a good run; & I'm headed to speak at a local Tip-Off Club luncheon before our shootaround this afternoon. Going to b a tough game on the road against a very good opponent in Alabama - need the guys to understand the urgency of each possession. Since our 2 schools share a legendary coaching figure, I wanted to share this photo below w/u all. I've been reading a book on Coach Bryant - incredible man & motivator of men., "Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth." - Muhammad Ali
What a great quote from The Greatest, who I want to wish a very happy 69th birthday today. Picture below is of 2 photos hanging in my office that Muhammad was kind enough to sign - very special to me. (Wish him a Happy BDay here: http://bit.ly/alibdaywishes
Also, congrats to @TerrenceJones1 (Twitter) on earning SEC Freshman & @TheRealDickVitale (Facebook) Diaper Dandy of the Week honors., Hope we can all take time today 2 reflect on the impact & importance of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr's life & work. Being able 2 participate in ESPN's Town Hall on Fri nite was a distinct honor. I hope our panel was able 2 make people think & appreciate how 4tunate we r that men & women like Dr. King stood up when they did. 
As 4 b-ball, we'll get a good practice in 2day, then head 2 'Bama 4 another tough SEC game. , Back East recruiting 2day & was able 2 watch yesterday's game on the way out. Starting to do some nice things but still a long way to go. Also watched tape on Alabama & we know it will be a tough game on Tues (9 pm ET, ESPN). How about my "Stillers?" Looking forward to seeing who they will face next week 4 the right to go the Super Bowl! Enjoy ur day & b sure to check out Ashley "ADub" Welsh's super video below from the LSU game., I had to get on the road for some recruiting so John Robic had post-game media responsibilities - he's got a bigger crowd waiting for him than I ever have!! Good win and I liked our energy. Back to work Mon  after a day off for the team tomorrow and I'll get in some mote recruiting. Enjoy ur weekend., Coach Cal reflects on the unique opportunity he shared w/Spike Lee on ESPN last night; 2 follow-ups to the panel discussion; Incredible Dean Smith story (more info on that: http://bit.ly/f00xyc) & the reason Coach is "jacked" for the LSU game (4 pm ET, SEC Network). Go Big Blue!
http://lexy.com/p/190593  ^CoachCal.com Staff, CoachCal.com takes you behind the scenes at the ESPN #MLKTownHall on Friday night in Atlanta. Tidbits and Photos. . . 
No One Covers Coach Cal like CoachCal.com ^CC.com Staff, What an incredible opportunity to serve on that panel for ESPN's #MLKTownHall. Thanks to Spike Lee for including me & to the network for devoting two hours of live TV to such an important topic. The Big Blue Nation, of course, was represented in the audience!! Now time to focus on LSU., Talking w/Robin Roberts as we get ready for the MLK Town Hall from 6-8pm ET on ESPN. Hope u all will watch this important panel discussion. I'm so honored to be a part of it and to b able to represent the BBN., Getting ready for LSU w/some more tape watching & then practice b4 heading to Atlanta for a few hours to take part in an ESPN Town Hall meeting in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. (ESPN, 6-8 pm, ET). Looking forward to being part of an outstanding panel discussion on his continued impact on society & sports.
Meantime, check out an "Ode to Dale Brown" from CoachCal.com's Ken Howlett (Link below). Go Big Blue!, Good practice today, hoping the guys realize the intensity they need to play with every possession. Want to wish Matthew and UK Hoops good luck tonight against South Carolina at 7 p.m. ET in Memorial. More info at the link below. Go Big Blue!!, Back in town after a day of recruiting & watching tape for Saturday's LSU game. Going to be a tough one as the Tigers are 2-0 in the SEC. We'll get after it this afternoon at practice & make sure the guys understand the need to bring it EVERY game we play in-league. I'm also looking forward to participating in ESPN's Town Hall on Friday nite (6-8 pm ET, ESPN w/re-airs throughout the weekend). Go Big Blue!, CoachCal.com's Chad Hobson (from WebMedley) has a "Sights & Sounds" from the Auburn game that needs to be seen & heard!!!
Visit CoachCal.com or watch video below. A MUST SEE!!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Coach Cal discusses team depth, his respect for Geno Auriemma & recruiting in his latest mailbag for www.FoxSportsSouth.com (link below). ^CoachCal.com Staff, Heading out 2 recruit as the guys have the day off 2 start classes. Sending out congrats 2 Rick Byrd at Belmont who got his 500th career win. The job he does never ceases 2 amaze me. Also, congrats 2 my pick as Coach of the Year, Ed DeChellis. A good friend from Western Pa. who is coaching 'em up at Penn State. Lastly, 4 all of the Umies (UMass folks) - my original "Warrior" Harper Williams at our game last nite., I hope we can all take a moment today & pray for our brothers & sisters in Haiti on this, the anniversary of that devastating earthquake. The Big Blue Nation showed its big heart thru our Hoops for Haiti telethon & we always have a special place in our hearts for that nation & its people. Visit the Facebook page of #Smile4Haiti & show your support: http://www.facebook.com/pages/SMILE-4-HAITI/144492802232639
Below, Ashley "ADub" Welsh's unique look at the Auburn game., A good win for us and I hope you all understand we're a young team trying to get better. Terrence was good off the bench, wasn't he? The guys start classes tomorrow so we will be off as I do some recruiting & then get back to work on Thurs to prepare for LSU on Saturday. Let's all remember that Wed. is also the 1 yr anniversary of the earthquake in Haiti. The BBN will always be tied to that country & its people., Getting ready for our first home SEC game of the year against Auburn (7 pm ET, ESPNU) & hoping our guys understand the intensity & desire they must play with for every SEC contest. ^Coach Cal
While you're getting ready 4 the game, cruise on over to CoachCal.com & check out Ken Howlett's game preview which includes a look at the host of Coach Cal-Auburn-UMass connections surrounding tonite's game. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Little bit of snow out there this morning in Lex - everyone take some extra time & drive safely, especially if ur coming to Rupp tonight for our game against Auburn (7 pm ET, ESPNU). We'll have shoot around a bit later & then get focused for a team my former assistant & player (at UMass), Tony Barbee, is doing a really good job in developing. Will be a good test for our guys. Go Big Blue!!, Coach Cal - Tough loss. Learn. NEXT - http://lexy.com/p/189629, BREAKING NEWS: Coach Calipari will participate in ESPN's National Town Hall Meeting this Friday (6-8 p.m. ET, ESPN) as part of the network’s ‘Content of Character’ programming in Honor of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. Find out more and get reaction from Coach Cal at the link below. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Got to thank Jimmy Duggan from Jimmy D's italian Kitchen in Midway 4 bringing lunch 4 the staff today. A good Italian from up Boston-way, Jimmy & his sous chef Alex treated the gang to all sorts of goodies - smelled like my grandma's house in the office for a while! Great meatballs & eggplant parm among other treats. Topped it off w/some Mrs. Rogers White Chocolate Popcorn made right here in Lex!! Thanks Jimmy D!!, Back to work today as we get ready for Auburn (Tuesday 7 pm ET, ESPNU). We'll have a great practice, I know. Wanted to thank Mark Perkins & all the great people over there for the incredible meals they have been providing to the team all throughout break. Perkins is always there when we need them & we value their friendship - not to mention their food!! Go Big Blue!! , Let's all wish Terrence Jones a very happy birthday. He has come a long way since August and I look forward to seeing him develop more. Go Big Blue!, A tough loss against a good Georgia team & hopefully our guys learn how they have to compete in the SEC. We will get better, just remember to enjoy the path & be patient. On a more important note, let's all send our thoughts & prayers to the victims of the horrible tragedy in Arizona. Events like that give us all perspective., Just finished shoot-around & now watching a bit more tape b4 we kick off the SEC schedule at Georgia this afternoon (4 pm ET, SEC Network). Want to wish Joker & the guys the best of luck in the BBVA Compass Bowl (Noon ET, ESPN). Let's make it a Big Blue Day all around! , Arrived in Athens & had a good walk-through over at the arena. I think our guys understand how much things will elevate now that we are in SEC play. As for the Enes Kanter decision, my statement can be found at CoachCal.com through the link below. Enes will always be a part of our family & it'd be great to have the BBN show its support thru the comment section. Go Big Blue!, Getting read for another great practice before we head off to Athens for our SEC opener. Want to wish Joker and the team the best of luck tomorrow - let's get back-to-back wins at Noon ET (Football, ESPN) and 4 pm ET (Basketball, SEC Network)! Go Big Blue!, Coach Cal - Tme to step it up! - http://lexy.com/p/188889, Back in town after some east coast recruiting yesterday where I got the chance to see one of our longtime supporters, Father Jay - always great to see him. He's been my guy since way back in the UMass days - which he reminds me were a long time ago! We'll be back on the court this afternoon getting ready for the SEC opener (at Georgia, Sat., 4 pm ET, SEC Network). Hope everyone is enjoying the path. Go Big Blue!, Coach Cal - Its on. League play!!! - http://lexy.com/p/188604, Back at it this morning w/practice & then heading out again 4 some recruiting. Guys have been giving great effort & r focused on the GA game (Sat, 4 pm ET SEC Network) - which is already sold out & will b another hostile environment 4 our young guys 2 adapt 2.
Wanted to share the feature video below on Kevin Massey from "This is Kentucky Basketball." Our video staff & WKYT did a super job capturing the Masseys visit 2 Lexington. The BBN should be proud of how welcome we made them feel. Thanks again., A great effort by Coach Mitchell and UK Hoops at Duke. It is so hard to win on the road in college basketball but they gave it all they had. Finishing up some recruiting today and the back to practice in the morning b4 some more recruiting on Wed. Go Big Blue!, Let's all show our support for Coach Mitchell & UK Hoops w/comments of encouragement in the comments section below. Be sure to watch the No. 10 UK women take on the No. 3 women of Duke (ESPNU, 7 p.m.) Go Big Blue!!, Ashley "ADub" Welsh brings the goods again, this time w/a special New Year's resolution edition of the Mash-Up video from UK's 86-62 win over Penn. And remember to visit CoachCal.com for the entire Post-Game Mash-Up. Go Big Blue! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Check out CoachCal.com's unique re-cap of UK's win over Penn in the Mash-Up w/Pictures, quotes, stats & more to make you the most-informed BBN Citizen in the Nation: http://bit.ly/i4ssm1
Also, WATCH this week's www.FoxSportsSouth.com mailbag, including: Josh Talk; "Wall of Balls" requirements & recruiting philosophy (link below) ^CoachCal.com Staff, Another good win & I'm proud of all the guys for getting thru non-conference at 12-2. Now it's onto the league games & we know how tough that will be - just got to keep getting better. Practice & some recruiting on Tuesday - Go Big Blue!, Great job by both Josh & Brandon along w/their teammates on helping them earn SEC Player & Freshman of the Week awards. I'm proud of all our guys because they know that when the team succeeds together, individual accolades will also come. Hope everyone is back in the saddle after a great break - Happy BLUE Year & Go Big Blue!!!, Getting ready for a good challenge vs. Penn tonight (ESPNU, 7 pm) & looking forward to getting back into the comfy confines of Rupp Arena w/all that blue surrounding us! Glad to see the old DeMarcus Cousins is back. He had 28 pts, 8 rebs & 6 asts last nite in a Sac win. Love that kid. Go Big Blue!!, Coach Cal - Happy new year!!  What we learn from josh..... - http://lexy.com/p/187962, We get back to practice this afternoon to get ready for Penn (Mon, 7 pm ESPNU). Please be sure to catch "This is Kentucky Basketball" in your local market today (check listings, 11:30 in Lex) - includes a special feature on Kevin Massey's visit to Lexington & is extremely well done by our video staff & WKYT. It'll make you laugh, cry & think. Enjoy ur Sunday & Go Big Blue!, New Year's Day Twitter Sign-Up Offer: Let's add some Twitter followers 4 the New Year. RT "follow @UKCoachCalipari" w/ur Twitter account & 1 fan will win a pair of lower level tickets to Monday's game (vs. Penn, 7 pm ESPNU). 
11 new Facebook followers will receive signed 2009-10 season memorabilia. (Comment below to be eligible)
The Big Blue Nation grows every day - So should our following!!
^CoachCal.com Staff, Coach Cal - Louisville - http://lexy.com/p/187648, LISTEN UP! Coach Cal has something to tell you: Check out the post-UL game Lexy at: http://bit.ly/e2pX0l. 
Hear it straight from Coach Cal - unfiltered; 3 minutes; just you & Coach, 1-on-1! 
Get the Lexy iPhone app at the link below. Happy New Year! ^CoachCal.com Staff, A good (78-63) win in a hostile environment & I'm so happy for Josh especially. I gave him a big hug when he came off the court. All the guys stepped up & did what we asked of them. Check out our unique Post-Game Mash-Up at CoachCal.com (link below) & please, be safe out there tonight & have a very Happy (Blue) New Year!! Go Big Blue!!, We've arrived at the KFC Yum! Center & we're ready for what we know will be a tough, hard-fought game. I want to remind everyone to Enjoy the Path and, if you're here in Louisville, to continue to show all of college basketball why we have the best, classiest fans in the nation. Enjoy and be safe out there! Go Big Blue!, CoachCal.com's Ken Howlett has your UK-UL primer to get you ready for Friday's Noon (ET) game at Louisville (CBS, with Gus Johnson & Clark Kellogg).
While you're there be sure to check out Chad Hobson's new twist on the "Sights and Sounds" montage from the Coppin State game - he borrows a page from VH1's old "Pop-up Videos" - great stuff. As always, no one covers Coach Cal and the Cats like CoachCal.com. ^CC.com Staf, Two big birthdays in La Familia today - Eloy Vargas has brownies-a-bakin' from Mrs. C & word is she may even make a batch for LeBron James who turns 26 today. Can you believe that? He's only 26!? Wow! Happy Birthday to both and many more. Go Big Blue!, Two Months After Meeting, Coach Cal Finds Inspiration from a Local Student, Had a good practice this afternoon - especially considering it was after a game night. Just need to keep working & getting better. We'll go again this evening & also support Coach Mitchell & the team. Hope you saw this picture of Kevin Massey from Tues nite - thanks very much to BBN 4 embracing Kevin & his family the way you have - means a lot to all of us. Go Big Blue!, My guy Royce Pulliam & some of his key folks from Urban Active were at practice the other day & they asked me "What’s ur New Year's resolution?" I'm still thinking on mine but since this is Royce's busiest season, he wants all ur resolutions 2 b fitness oriented. He's even giving u incentive w/a FREE trial pass at www.urbanactive.com. Select ur location & use promo code: COACH CAL. Get Active at Urban Active!!, CoachCal.com's Ashley "ADub" Welsh provides her own special "Heroic" look at Tuesday night's UK win over Coppin State - watch it through until the end to discover the TRUE Hero of the Game. Incredible stuff from the mind - and FlipCam - of ADub!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Another good win & now we move on to the next game on Friday at Noon in Louisville (CBS). We'll get a good practice in tomorrow and again Thursday. Hope you'll check out the work our CoachCal.com team is doing at Rupp - pictures, behind-the-scenes access & coverage you can't get anywhere else. Click on link below and Go Big Blue! , A reminder: Coach Cal’s "Best Of" Monday's Live Chat is now viewable at FoxSportsSouth.com. Please keep submitting questions & visit the link below to see Coach touch on topics from LeBron James to Terrence Jones to Santa Claus! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Looking for something to do while you count down the minutes to tonight's game? Head over to CoachCal.com where Ken Howlett provides a preview of Coppin State & while you're there, check out Ken's convincing argument for why Joe B. Hall needs to be in the Basketball Hall of Fame. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Been meaning to mention that Coach Mitchell is doing his own Lexy thing & he had a gem last week: http://lexy.com/p/185419?play_comments=1 
(He still owes us some Carols, by the way!!)
Then flip on over & check out my Lexy from earlier today on player & team development. http://lexy.com/p/186763?play_comments=1
Go Big Blue!, Hope you enjoyed today's live chat on www.foxsportssouth.com - I had a ball! Let's do it again in a month, meantime keep the mailbag questions coming by submitting at link below.
Congrats to both Doron & Brandon who swept SEC Player of Week & Freshman of the Week, respectively. Well-deserved but still a lot of work to be done., THREE reminders on how to hear, chat with & talk to Coach Cal:
1. LISTEN UP! Coach Cal discusses the importance of the name on the back of the jersey in representing the name on the front of it!  
2. LIVE CHAT TODAY (MONDAY) at Noon ET at www.FoxSportsSouth.com. BBN citizens submit questions & Coach Cal answers them in real time, LIVE from his office. Don't miss out on ur own in-home/at-work visit from Coach Cal!! 
3, Don't forget Coach Calipari's video LIVE CHAT TODAY (MONDAY) at Noon ET at www.FoxSportsSouth.com. Big Blue Nation citizens submit questions & Coach Cal answers them in real time, LIVE from his office. Don't miss out on your own in-home/at-work visit from Coach Cal!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Don't forget Coach Calipari's video LIVE CHAT on Monday at Noon ET at FoxSportsSouth.com. Big Blue Nation citizens submit questions & Coach Cal answers them in real time, LIVE from his office. Don't miss out on your own in-home/at-work visit from Coach Cal!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, From Coach Calipari's Family, Team & Staff to the Big Blue Nation: Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays & a joyous & safe New Year!
Special thanks to 2 of our dearest partners in the community: Krogers (espec. Chris & his Richmond Road store team) & PG Peeples (& his team at the Urban League of Lexington-Fayette County). Unsung heroes making a difference 4 the people of this great city EVERY day.  ^CoachCal.com Staff, Some food for thought as we all try & take some time to share w/our loved ones: CoachCal.com contributor Ken Howlett makes the compelling case for Joe B. Hall to become a member of the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame: http://bit.ly/fUh09Z
Also, check out Ashley "ADub" Welsh's unique look at the Winthrop game in the video below. Be safe & enjoy your holiday. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Get a multimedia re-cap of UK's 89-52 pre-Christmas win over Winthrop at CoachCal.com's "Post-Game Mash-Up" Includes: "ADub's" Video; photos, analysis, stats, quotes and more. 
Nobody Covers Coach Cal like CoachCal.com. Check it out at the link below!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, A good win for us in what is always a tough game to play - everyone is looking ahead to leaving for the break and it's hard to keep focus. To our guys' credit, they played well. How about Doron? And DeAndre really played well too. Hope everyone has a great holiday. Thanks for all you do for our program - you all are THE BEST!, Ready for an early game today (1 p.m. FSS) & hoping our guys realize they need to bring focus & energy on every possession. Can't be looking ahead to going home, need to work on the task at hand. Enjoy the game & if you're traveling, do so safely & leave plenty of time to get where you're going. Go Big Blue!, Coach Cal - Last practice before christmas break! - http://lexy.com/p/185731, With the holidays upon us I wanted to wish the Big Blue Nation "Merry FITness"!! Get out & exercise this holiday season. It’s cold outside, but my guy Royce Pulliam wants everyone to know Urban Active is heated & ready for you to get after it! Free Trial pass available online at www.urbanactive.com. Select your location & use promo code: COACH CAL., Lots of pre-Holiday info 2 across BBN:
1. Check out Coach Cal's most recent mailbag (link below). Highlights include: Assessing the Cats; Defining career success &; pre-game ritual sweeping UK athletics!!
2. Brand new Lexy from Coach - a MUST listen: http://lexy.com/show/1497
3. Need stocking stuffers? Head over to Fan Outfitters 4 "Blue Dawn" DVD & Coach Calz Crazy Bandz 2.0 ^CC.com Staff, Coach Cal - Practice. Practice. And the term ends! - http://lexy.com/p/185495, Coach Cal - Practice. Practice. And the term ends! - http://lexy.com/p/185495, We've got a morning practice today & then I'll head out for some recruiting b4 returning for tonite's radio show live from Sal's on Tates Creek (6 p.m. Big Blue Sports Radio Network). Got to be ready for a tough Winthrop team that will give us all we can handle on Wed. Hope every1 is getting their holiday shopping/cooking/wrapping done. Enjoy & be safe. Watch 4 a brand new FoxSportsSouth.com mailbag later today., A good win 4 our team after a tough week of finals 4 the guys. How about having Sean Woods back here? Still a lot of things 2 work on & we'll get back at it on Sunday as we get ready 4 Winthrop on Wed (1 pm). So happy 4 Coach Hall today 4 - great to see all the ex-players.
Don't miss the CoachCal.com Post-Game Mash-up (link below), Looking forward to a tough, competitive game tonight & can't wait to see so many of our former players here to honor the great Coach Joe B. Hall. I love it when our "family" comes back to visit & share memories. Hope everyone enjoys themselves & be safe out there., As some of u noted, today is Mr. Bill Keightley's birthday. Mr. Bill would be so proud of all the players coming back to honor Coach Joe B. Hall at Saturday's game - it's really going to be a neat deal. Coach Hall has been like a mentor to me. This program has so much incredible tradition! It's an honor to be your Coach. Go Big Blue!, Getting ready 4 practice this afternoon by watching some tape & preparing 4 a dangerous MS Valley State team. Will b a good test 4 our guys after a tough Finals week. 
We're giving away 2 copies of the perfect DVD stocking stuffer, "Blue Dawn," 2 the commenter below who comes up w/the most creative nickname for Coach Calipari's zone defense he has been using this season. (Winners notified thru FB messaging.) ^CC.com , Coach Cal - Keep improving and keep growing. - http://lexy.com/p/184828, Some Thurs. birthday wishes I failed to get our earlier: 1st to Kelenna Azubuike - Come see us soon Kelenna & enjoy ur day. Also, my guy Matthew Mitchell celebrates his bday today. Wow, did you turn 40? Like I tell my staff, once you hit 40, it's all downhill from there!! You're a great coach, a dear friend & a super ambassador for UK. Keep it going & easy on that cake 2nite! Tough to "Dougie" if ur cramping up!!!, I have 2 thank Samaritan's Feet 4 nominating me 4 the prestigious Celebrate Positive Peace Award. Just seeing some of the other giants in various categories gave me chills. Truly, I am just the conduit - it's the BBN that should take pride in being included on this remarkable list. I'm blessed to occupy the seat I have. Go Big Blue and thank you 4 being the best fans!, Coach Cal - Indiana and finals - http://lexy.com/p/184617, Some sad news to share w/the Big Blue Nation as a special man, Dr. Gifford Blyton, has passed away. Coach Cal was honored to share time w/Dr. Blyton earlier this year (http://es.pn/CalDrBlyton) & thousands of UK students had the similar honor of being taught by Dr. Blyton. Let's all share our thoughts & prayers w/the Blyton family. May he rest in peace. ^CoachCal.com Staff
, Visit CoachCal.com for exciting news about an incredible honor being bestowed on Coach Calipari. It all happens because of the Big Blue Nation - You all are incredible!! (Link below) ^CoachCal.com Staff, LISTEN UP! Lexy.com is giving away 10 Coach Cal-signed "Refuse To Lose" t-shirts to the top new shows on Lexy.com. Listen for rules & details at: Contests.Lexy.com.  Winners will be announced 1/21/11. Text ADD CONTEST to 68948 2 be notified by phone as soon as winners are announced!  It's all free & every1's eligible! Good luck & GO CATS! ^Lexy.com Staff, I want to congratulate Randall Cobb on the accolades he is most deservedly receiving. He has been named a 1st-team All-American by the AP as an all-purpose player & is garnering attention & praise from all over. A great young man w/a super future ahead of him.
Please check out CoachCal.com contributor Ken Howlett's lat...est, as he sagely stuffs the stockings for the 2010-11 Cats (link below). Go Cats!!, Due to a scheduling conflict, Coach Cal's planned Tues FoxSportsSouth.com live chat has been postponed. We will let everyone know when we are able to re-schedule. Thanks for your understanding & Coach looks 4ward to chatting soon w/the BBN. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Proud of Brandon for being honored as the SEC's Freshman of the Week after averaging 19.0 pts, 5.0 rebs & 4.5 assists in our wins over 23rd-ranked Notre Dame & Indiana. As long as he keeps working like he is & being as conscientious as he's been, there will be more to come! Hope everyone is getting to enjoy the snow a bit! Stay safe & warm, Go Big Blue!!, Due to Coach Cal's recruiting schedule & travel demands, Coach's inaugural FoxSportsSouth.com Live chat has been postponed until Tues at Noon ET. Be sure to join in as Coach goes 1-on-1 w/the Big Blue Nation. 2 questioners will receive signed memorabilia from last season's magical ride. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Don't forget to check out the TV show this morning at 11:30 - check your local listings. Also, head over to CoachCal.com for the post-game mash-up and if you haven't yet, be sure to check out Ashley Welsh's incredible video from yesterday in the previous post. Enjoy your Sunday and be safe out there. ^CoachCal.com Staff, We showed a will 2 win 2nite. Still a long way 2 go but we had some good spurts. I gave the guys the rest of 2day off (!!!), 2mrw & Mon. We'll be out recruiting & then back 2 work on Tues. Enjoy the win! [Check out Ashely Welsh's great video from the game (below). ALSO: Visit CoachCal.com 4 the multimedia mash-up from behind the scenes at UK-IU.], Be sure to check out CoachCal.com contributor, Ken Howlett's UK-IU game preview. An easy read, chock full of the info you need to be best-prepared for today's big game (ESPN, 5:15 ET). ^CoachCal.com Staff, Check out a special Bonus Edition "Coach Cal's Mailbag" on FoxSportsSouth.com!
For a peek at a transcript to 1 answer (re: his toughest challenge), visit: http://tinyurl.com/2b37gt7
ALSO: Get ready 4 MONDAY'S DEBUT of the exclusive FoxSportsSouth.com LIVE Chat w/Coach cal. Mon., Dec. 13 (Noon, ET). Log on & talk 1-on-1 w/Coach. (2 questioners will win autographed FoxSportsSouth.com gear) ^CC.com Staff, Watching some tape & getting ready for a well-coached Indiana team. Tommy Crean is one of the best in the business & we know this will be another tough game. We'll need a great practice with focus & commitment in everything we do. Also, be sure to check out CoachCal.com contributor Ken Howlett's column on what he thinks of when he thinks of Indiana and UK (link below)., Listen Up! Coach Cal has something to tell you! Who is the most conscientious player Coach has ever had? What did he like about the ND game? Looking ahead to Indiana. Click below and listen to 4 minutes of Coach uninterrupted and unfiltered! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Have to give a special thanks to the Foleys from The Soup Kitchen on Southland Drive who catered today's lunch 4 our coaches & support staff. Their signature chili, veggie soup, sandwiches on homemade bread, homemade choclate chip cookies. . . WOW! Can't thank Jim, Kevin & Andy enough. See you all again soon! Heading onto the treadmill now 2 work off all that goodness!! http://bit.ly/soupkit, A good win last night & now we're preapring 4 another tough game w/ Indiana on Saturday at Rupp (5:15 ET, ESPN). Watching tape & then back on the practice floor this afternoon. Let's all wish LA Clipper Eric Bledsoe a very happy birthday today - we miss you EB & we're all proud of what you're doing. Keep it going & Go Big Blue!!, Catch the fastest, most comprehensive re-cap of the Cats' 72-58 win over Notre Dame at CoachCal.com w/the Big Blue Nation's ONLY Post-Game Mash-Up. Running diary, photos and more. Go Big Blue! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Getting ready for tip-off of our game with Notre Dame (9:30, ESPN) - going to be a great test 4 our guys to see how they bounce back. Had a couple of good days of practice w/focus & passion.
If you need something to read in the meantime please check out this great story from the Washington Post on 3 of our guys from last season. Go Big Blue!!, Happy to b participating in the Champions Classic beginning next season. It’s a unique opportunity 4 our fans across the nation 2 see us play in 3 major cities against top-level competition. We r looking forward 2 the challenge & sharing it with the Big Blue Nation, the best fans in the country.
Be sure to follow @championclassic
 and like on Facebook http://ht.ly/3m3PE
Go Big Blue!, Had the best Italian meal of the yr last nite in Lville at recently opened, Mozz on E. Market St. We'll have shootaround later & then rest up 4 a big challenge vs. ND.
2 things to pass along - 1. Check out Ken Howlett's chock-full preview at CoachCal.com (http://bit.ly/NDPrevKen); 2. Joe Kawaja & Fan Outfitters sent a UK Flag 2 my guy Chip Templeman & he sent this pic back fr Pakistan w/him & crewmates, Daniel Wormley & Daniel Fisher. Big Blue is EVERYWHERE!, A special thank you from Coach Cal and his family to the Big Blue Nation: http://bit.ly/fw67fo
^CoachCal.com Staff, Coach Cal’s 
latest Mailbag is now posted at FoxSportsSouth.com. Watch as Cal 
thanks BBN 4 their incredible outpouring of support over the past 
week; reflections on UNC & exactly when it hit him he was the 
HC at UK! Please remember 2 sumbit questions 4 future mailbags &don't miss our 1st LIVE Chat w/Coach Cal takes place Monday Dec. 13 at Noon ET. 
Interact LIVE w/Coach from his office. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Had a good practice and the guys are figuring out how we need them to practice each time out. We'll be back at it tomorrow and then head to Lville for Wednesday's game. Congrats to Joker and the guys on their bowl berth - should be a great game against Pitt. Go Big Blue!!, Back in the office, just met w/the staff & now we're watching tape & preparing 4 a tough & undefeated Notre Dame squad on Wed in the Big East/SEC Invitational in L'ville (9:30 ET, ESPN). We r going to need 2 great days of practice w/everyone giving full attention & effort. REMINDER: My radio show is live from Sal's tonight at 6 p.m. on the Big Blue Sports Network., Spending some time w/the family & getting ready for Notre Dame on Wed. Let's all show support for Coach Mitchell and UK Hoops as they battle Louisville at 2pm. Enjoy your Sunday. Go Big Blue!, Head over to CoachCal.com for the Post-Game Mash-Up from UK's 75-73 loss to UNC. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Looking forward to a great game today where we can improve and get a feel for what the road can be like in a hostile environment. Will be important for our guys to talk and be unselfish. Enjoy the day, the game and the first weekend of December! Go Big Blue!, Just got to the Smith Ctr for practice. Impressive building w/a lot of history. But we have to focus on the job at hand. Go Big Blue!, Smith Center, Heading to Chapel Hill in a bit as we will practice there this afternoon & then get a good night of rest for a very tough UNC game. You can check out Ken Howlett's game preview over at CoachCal.com (link below) & after you do that be sure to show your support for Coach Skinner & the volleyball team as they begin the NCAA Tournament tonight vs. Purdue (More info: http://bit.ly/g6Bvgw)
Go Big Blue!!, Back to work today after a good day off for everyone. Was able to get some recruiting done & watch some tape. Tough week ahead w/3 games over 8 days. Will be good to learn more about where we are at.
Let's everybody wish a happy birthday to Brandon Knight - u won't find a more well-rounded young man & Brandon is the exact type of student-athlete we pride ourselves on at UK. Enjoy your day, BK!, Been on the road 2day but wanted 2 thank you all
 1 more time 4 the BBN community's outpouring of support toward me, my
 dad, my sisters & our families. Some folks wondered how we chose
 the charity 4 donations in my Mom's honor. It was part of her requests
 - she never missed a St. Jude telethon w/Danny Thomas!! Tribiute info
 at the link below., "The Dreamer and The Driver" - Coach Cal discusses his mom, Donna & thanks BBN for all its support. ONLY on Lexy. . . so Listen Up!
Also, catch the CoachCal.com Post-Game Mash-Up w/pictures by Chad Hobson of WebMedley: http://bit.ly/e8Cw28 ^CoachCal.com Staff, On behalf of my family, I want 2 thank the team 4 honoring my mother, Donna, by wearing black socks & wristbands 4 tonite's game. It means a lot to me & is another sign of the kind of superb young men we hav in our program. Thanks 2 all of Big Blue Nation 4 ur support - I will coach w/a heavy heart tonite but I know my mom is watching from the luxury boxes w/a whole crew of UK luminaries cheering right along w/her., A couple of important birthdays in the UK Basketball family 2day, in addition 2 my wife, Ellen's: Best wishes 2 Coach Joe B. Hall on his bday. It's been 1 of the great perks of this job 2 b able 2 get 2 know Coach Hall & b able pick his incredible basketball mind. A true friend & 1 of the all-time greats.
Another all-timer, Allison Peevy, wife of the Twitter Man, DeWayne Peevy celebrates her bday 2day. Enjoy Alison!, Getting ready for a tough Boston Universoity team tonight - BU is the pre-season pick to win the rugged America East Conference.
Have to take a minute & send birthday wishes to my best friend & the world's greatest Mom - Ellen. You are always there for me, Ellen, & I hope you know how much the kids & I appreciate every little thing you do. You are our rock & we love you. Enjoy ur day - u deserve the best, always!, Just wanted to check in & thank everyone for your kind thoughts & prayers. The Big Blue Nation is absolutely amazing & our entire family appreciates your warmth & support. There was a stack of cards at my mom's house from all of you who sent her well wishes over the past several months - meant so much to her, she kept them close by. Thank you from the bottom of my heart - this is a special place w/special fans., (Part 2 of 2) We hope you will all respect our privacy during this period & know 
that we r grateful for being part of the Big Blue family. God Bless 
& thank you - Coach Cal & Family., (PART 1 of 2) As most of you know, my mom, Donna, has been battling cancer for several months. On Sunday, she lost her brave fight. On behalf of my dad, my two sisters, Ellen & all of our family we want to thank the BBN for all their prayers, cards, letters & support shared w/my mom during these days. Your warmth uplifted her & all of us. (Cont'd), How about Coach Craig Skinner & the UK Wmn's Volleyball team? They'll appear in 6th straight NCAA Tournmnt on Fri vs. Purdue in the Austin regional. I was able 2 catch the end of their practice 2day after we finished up. U no what drew me into Memorial 2 watch them? I heard chatter! The ladies were communicating the way I want our team 2, so I had 2 watch 4 a while. Let's all wish them luck. (Bracket: bit.ly/fkuMuT), Getting in a morning practice & then we'll get in one in the afternoon. Guys r working hard, need them to focus & show they trust one another. Watch the video from the prior post and send an email to: contests@coach cal.com identifying ur favorite still photo for a chance to win signed Maui memorabilia. Two random winners will b chosen. Go Big Blue!, One last look at the trip to Maui with a blue-skies, shore-side drive along Route 30 & some still photo memories from the MauiPhone of CoachCal.com. COACH CAL CONTEST MAUI: Watch the video, then check back thru Monday to win signed Maui memorabilia for correctly identifying the pics. 
Enjoy & have a peaceful Sunday to finish up this weekend of giving thanks. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Hope everyone is enjoying a weekend w/family & friends & preparing to root on Joker & the guys against Tennessee this afternoon. Should be a great game - 
Want to congratulate Barry R., one of our growing group of Foursquare followers who was first to email me yesterday & in doing so won a unique, signed Tournament program from Maui. All sorts of exclusive giveaways for Foursquare followers, so sign up NOW!: http://f, Back home safe & sound. Resting up today & back to work tomorrow. Let's all share what we r thankful for In The comments section. I'm thankful for the blessings in my life, including my family, friends, players, staff & the chance to coach this amazing program for all you amazing fans. Ur turn. . ., Just boarding for the return trip. Want to thank every1 who made the trip & supported us. Sorry we couldn't bring home the trophy. Just didn't hav enuf in the tank, but we r lucky to have the greatest fans in all of sports who know it's a journey, not just one stop. Enjoy ur holiday & Go Big Blue!, Some more Thanksgiving wishes to all our troops serving across the world - thank you for all you do for our freedoms; the Big Blue Nation is thinking of you today & every day.
Also need to spread Happy Birthday wishes to assistant coach Kenny Payne - our newest staff member has fit right in & done an amazing job. Kenny once wore red but he now bleeds blue! Happy Bday, Kenny!, Not the way we wanted 2 end the trip obviously but we will learn from this loss & work on the things we didn't do well. Overall, 3-1 on a tough trip w/a young team & we now know more about where we r on the path.
On behalf of Ellen & our family, we want 2 wish every1 a Happy Thanksgiving. Spend it w/ur loved ones & cherish the moments. We travel all day but will be w/our family - the UK family! Be safe & enjoy., Not sure how much the Big Blue Nation believes in omens, but we'll give you this one for posterity: On the way to the arena this afternoon, the UK team bus was treated to a spectacular rainbow out the left side of the bus. A few of the players took pictures after Josh Harrellson pointed out the magnificent sight. 
For more concrete basketball matters, please check out Ken Howlett's quickie game preview at CoachCal.com (http://bit.ly/fQrw2K)  ^CoachCal.com Staff, Had a good shootaround & the guys r resting up for a tough test tonight (10 pm ET on ESPN). Just a reminder that my guy Royce Pulliam's Lexington Urban Active clubs r holding a "Turkey Burn Bootcamp" this Friday! Stop in wearing UK blue & show this message 4 ur VIP pass to the bootcamp. Enjoy ur Thanksgiving & then give thanx 4 Royce's clubs - & staff - to help u burn off the turkey, spuds & stuffing!! Go Big Blue!!, Late night watching tape & early morning preparing for an excellent UConn team. Hope our guys know how hard they will need to play in order to compete w/our 2nd straight opponent that goes by the name of Huskies!!
Thanks to the ever-classy Jay Bilas for a shoutout 2 our hard-working managers: Brett Miller, Mark 
Evans, Will Barton & Will Martin are the best! (Insider link below). They r the most dedicated & prepared , Wow! They're telling us there was an earthquake - or two - during our win over Washington in Maui, but I'm telling every1 that's just the way the Big Blue Nation supports its team!! A really good win for us & we got contributions from a lot of guys. Need to rest up for what will be a tough battle with a really good UConn team on Wednesday night.
Check out CoachCal.com's new breed of game story - the Post-Game Mash-up, Just about ready 2 tip-off on ESPN - going to
 be a great test for our young team. Whole lotta blue in RupPacifc again
 - I love it!!Please remember to enjoy the path & know that our 
guys are giving it their all on every play - it's what our program is 
based on. One more Happy Birthday to my "little girl," Megan - seems 
like just yesterday we were at Cooley Dickinson for your birth!! We love u, honey. Go Big Blue!, Going to be a tough game later today but a great challenge for our young team.
A special day in our family as my daughter Megan celebrates her birthday. Ellen & I are so proud of the young woman she has become. We love you, honey - enjoy your day, wish you were here!!
CoachCal.com contributor Ken Howlett gives you all you need to know about today's opponent, check out the link below., A good win over a tough opponent in Oklahoma. Coach Capel does a great job with his team. We needed a game like this so we could see who was going to step up and Terrence was terrific - that's what I want him to be every time out. Hope you enjoyed the game and hope you are remembering to enjoy the path! Unbelievable support in the arena - it was like RupPacific!! You're the best, BBN!, Few multimedia updates for you before the 2nd half begins:
1. More exclusive MauiPhone photos at CoachCal.com (link below)
2. Check out Coach Cal's latest mailbag on FoxSportsSouth.com. He talks LeBron, 1-and-dones & recruiting.
3. Reminder that next Monday (11/29) Coach will have his 1st Live Video Chat, also at FOXSportsSouth.com ^CoachCal.com Staff, R u ready for some basketball from Paradise!
B4 we start, wanted to let u know of a great promotion my guy Royce Pulliam is running at his Lexington Urban Active locations where u can pick up ur free VIP Pass to the Turkey Burn Bootcamp on Nov 26 (Black Friday). Stop in wearing ur UK blue & show this message 4 ur Free pass. The avg person gains 10-15 lbs during the holidays!! Don't be one of them!! Enjoy the game., Coach Cal and the team attend a Tournament banquet Sunday evening and then will get a good night's sleep for the 12:30 p.m. local time (5:30 p.m. ET) game on Monday. For a preview of the contest, visit CoachCal.com and catch contributor Ken Howlett's Oklahoma game preview. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Busy day all around - few things for you:
1. Congrats to Coach Mitchell & the UK hoops team - great things happening w/the ladies & we r all thrilled 4 them.
2. Picture below is from Dr. Victoria Graff & shows my winning form in this A.M.'s FT shooting contest!! I practice what I preach!!
3. Please take a stop by CoachCal.com & enjoy our MauIphone gallery of pics - all sorts of behind-the-scenes pics you can't get anywhere else: http://bit.ly/MauiPhoto1, We r getting an early start (local time!) w/the coaches presser & then I'll watch more tape of a very tough Oklahoma team. As I said at the presser this will b a great experience to find out who we r & how we will compete against top competition. I'm excited about our team & looking forward to learning about where we are. Enjoy ur Sunday & good luck to Matthew & his team, Go Big Blue!, Listen Up! Coach Cal checks in from Hawaii w/a Lexy focusing on a locker room visit by Marcus Camby; the flight to Maui; Portland re-cap; the field of teams in this Tournament; and the need for patience. 
No one covers Coach Cal like Coach Cal - so get all the facts straight from his mouth! Go Big Blue ^CoachCal.com Staff, First & foremost, let's all send our thoughts & prayers to country star & KY-native, Eddie Montgomery, who has been diagnosed w/prostate cancer. I just recently received a signed UK hat from Eddie & really appreciate the support he has given both our program and Matthew's. Stay strong, Eddie. 
On a lighter note, please check out the photo gallery at CoachCal.com of our players arriving in Maui early this morning. We're rested & ready to get back to work., Aloha Big Blue Nation! Just arrived at the Westin Maui. It's 5 am local time so we will rest up, get some breakfast and then get to work preparing for 3 tough games in 3 days. Super group on the charter over here - they r ready to cheer on their Cats and enjoy all that Maui has to offer. No one travels like the BBN - the purple of Portland was turned blue last night!, A good win for us but there's still a long way to go. We'll look at the tape and get ready for three games in three days starting Monday in Maui. Hope everyone is beginning to enjoy the path. Please check out our game coverage at CoachCal.com (link below). Go Big Blue!, Do not adjust your computer/PDA screen, BBN!! - Your Cats are warming up in yellow Livestrong jerseys as part of the efforts to promote cancer awareness in conjunction w/tonight's game vs. the Portland Pilots. (Nike HQs are located just up the road in Beaverton.) Let's all Livestrong and Dare to Change Your Life: http://www.livestrong.com/  Enjoy the game and enjoy the path. . . ^CoachCal.com Staff, Listen Up! My latest Lexy is posted and I discuss visiting w/Marcus Camby, the dangerous Portland Pilots and our trip so far. Go Big Blue and remember to enjoy the path!!, Coach Cal and the Cats visited Portland's Doernbecher Children's Hospital on Thursday. Below is some video from that special trip. 
^CoachCal.com Staff, CoachCal.com's Ken Howlett gives you all you need to know on Friday's opponent, the Portland Pilots. Check it out and be sure to glimpse the Papa John's behind-the-scenes commercial video at the home page while you're there - You'll only see it at one place: CoachCal.com - Nobody covers Coach Cal like CoachCal.com ^CC.com Staff, We got to Portland late last nite, had the guys get a good 
sleep & just finished up breakfast. We'll go over to the Rose Garden
 4 practice in a couple of hours & then visit a local hospital. 
Need the guys 2 focus & understand the energy they need to bring for
 all 4 of these games in the next 6 days. Great to be on the road w/the 
team & looking forward to seeing the guys bond like brothers. Go Big Blue!!, Coach Cal has done it again, Big Blue Nation! Find out who he's sending a jersey to now in the video below.
(For some background on why he's doing it, check out this Lexy from a couple of weeks ago: http://lexy.com/p/175540 or this article: http://bit.ly/cA9i8X)
^CoachCal.com Staff, The newest mailbag is posted at FoxSportsSouth.com & the questions keep on getting better!!! Lots of recruiting talk this week & also some thoughts on where we stand heading into this stretch of 4 games in 6 days beginning on Friday. Jump over & check it out NOW!!, Check out our new video at CoachCal.com! We got to spy on the filming of the new Papa John's commercial with Coach Cal and John Schnatter and put this little video together to show you what REALLY happens behind the scenes.
^CoachCal.com Staff, Beat Tennessee! Give blood at the Kentucky Blood Center for the 23rd annual Big Blue Crush, Nov 15-19. http://bit.ly/dbXd2n ^CoachCal.com Staff, Our first radio show of the season & Joker (seated) was good enough to stick around after for a bit. Can you imagine, 5 straight bowls? Wow., Don't forget, my weekly radio show begins tonight at 7 pm on the Big Blue Sports Network. Check local listings and join in for all the fun. Excited to hear from the fans again and share time w/one of the best in the biz, Tom Leach. Hope you will all listen in., Look who I finally got in our colors!!! Looks good in BLUE doesn't he? We are having a blast. John and I are thinking about a little one-on-one when we are done . . . But he's in cowboy boots!!!, Pizza Guy is here!! I'm shooting some radio & TV spots for my good friends at Papa John's. Can't wait for Papa to get here for the scenes we r doing together. Better pizza, better ingredients, Papa John's!! THE Best!! Honored to be working w/Papa's team - true pros., Off day for us today. I'm excited because I get to do some promotional work with the Papa John's folks and then we start up the radio show to tonight at 7 pm. In between, a lot of film and time w/ the staff  Have a great Monday everyone! Go Big Blue!, LISTEN UP! on LEXY: Find out about Sunday's practices; the departure of the Chinese Coaches and the Cats' first road game of the year - Direct from Coach Cal. http://lexy.com/p/178270
No one covers Coach Cal like Coach Cal!! ^CoachCal.com
UPDATE: Coach Cal Book Club: "I'm about 1/2 way thru the Andrew Jackson book, American Lion. Gives a good perspective on who Henry Clay was up against. But mostly makes me wonder - even back then - who would want to get into politics!!" - Coach Cal, Had a farewell dinner 4 the Chinese coaches on their last nite in Lex w/
 our host & good friend, Bruce Drake at Regatta (see pic). The sea bass is REALLY good!! Big few days ahead b4 we take off 4 Portland on Thurs. Day-off  Monday & then back 2 work as we prepare for 4 games in 6 days. Great challenge & we r looking 4ward to it. Make it a great week!
ALSO: Check out The Bard's photo blog at CoachCal.com (http://bit.ly/RegattaChina), John Calipari Going twice today & it will be both physically & mentally demanding for the guys. Need to keep improving. Hope you will all visit www.foxsportssouth.com and submit Qs for the Mailbag. Having a lot of fun doing it and ur questions have been super so far. Keep 'em coming. Go Big Blue!, Ellen & I were happy to open our home to the Chinese coaches tonight for dinner & conversation. Thanks to Fulin's off Harrodsburg for catering the authentic meal to our visitors. Had a good hourlong Q&A & we were able to go over a lot of what the coaches have seen this week in practice & in the game. Great questions, really good discussion. Such a thrill to be able to continue this relationship with our Far East friends. Go Big Blue!, "I was a bit surprised we played as well as we did (Friday night)." - Coach Cal
Hear more on the opener; Joker's big day; & the plan for the week ahead - Only on Lexy & ONLY from Coach Cal! (Click below)
Better yet, if you own an iPhone, get the Lexy iPhone App available here: http://bit.ly/bWvjke  
Also, if you leave an audio comment & include email address, you will be eligible for signed Coach Cal items commemorating last season. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Had 2 take Brad 2 practice this morning. Now, headed 2 see a good friend
 & stopped by Waffle House in Nicholasville to have a cheese omelet. You know I can't resist a Waffle House breakfast sitting at the counter!!
Happy I was able to stop by the Lex Cancer Fndtn's Boots, Bourbon and Brew event presented by Paul Miller Ford last nite. Thanx 2 our lucky ticket auction winners who helped us raise $25,000 in about 10 minutes! The Big Blue Nation's big heart never ceases to amaze!! Thrilled to b able to help., Some unique video from the ETSU home opener won 88-65 by UK. Terrence Jones led the way with 25 points and 12 rebounds. http://bit.ly/ETSUVid ^CoachCal.com, That was a good win over a very well-coached ETSU team. I wanted to see some fire & I did. The guys really competed & we made shots. That said, we still have a long way to go but this is a good start. Back to work tomorrow. Let's all get behind Joker & the guys tomorrow & keep the winning going. Go Big Blue!!, Congrats to Coach Mitchell & UK Hoops
 on their season-opening win over Morehead State. BTW, what is it with these coaches'
suits lately?!?! Just finished shoot-around & getting ready for a tough game against a really good ETSU team. Be safe out there and enjoy the Opener!!, In preparation for tonight's game, CoachCal.com profiles two of the more unique fans who populate Rupp Arena. If your Spidey senses are good, you'll know exactly who we mean!! Only a few more hours til tip-off!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Opening night - hope you are all as excited as we are to get this season started. Just like last year, I'm going to ask you all to be patient & to enjoy the path. The guys have been working hard & have done everything we have asked of them - but we still have a long way to go. Let's get it started and let's all appreciate what these young men do for the Big Blue Nation. Go Big Blue!!, In this, the 11th hour, of the 11th day of the 11th month, I ask that all of the Big Blue Nation acknowledge our Veterans. It is because of the sweat & sacrifices they have made that we are able to enjoy the freedoms we have in this great country. Know that we appreciate our vets every day, but especially so on this, Veteran's Day., Today is my son Brad's birthday! He's 14! I'm proud of the young man he is becoming. Have a great day son. See you at our practice later. We will get a workout in at practice!! (Maybe some cake too!!) Love you, Son., Just a super day all around. Proud of our staff
 & our university for once again attracting the best & 
brightest. Hope u will check out this exclusive CoachCal.com video for 
my thoughts on the class: http://bit.ly/cWTAKu 
I'll save
 the other great part of my day 4 tomorrow but let me just say what an 
honor it was to host Dr. John Maxwell at our practice. We're 
looking 4 a team leader & Dr. Maxwell is THE expert on leadership. 
And oh yeah, How about John Wall? GO BIG BLUE!!!, Nobody covers Coach Cal like Coach Cal, right? Check out this EXCLUSIVE seven minute video at CoachCal.com and hear the head coach's thoughts on each new member of the Wildcat Family. Enjoy!, We had great response 2 our hardcover media guide giveaway yesterday so we're going 2 give 5 more signed-by-Coach Cal guides away 2day. BUT, we will choose the best answers 2 this question: What's the ONE thing the visiting Chinese Coaches need 2 do, eat or see during their time in Lex? Best, most original comments will b notified by FB msg if they win.
Also, 1 last reminder 4 the Lex Cancer Fndtn's annual Boots, Bourbon & Brew event this Fri nite at Buster's, info and tix: http://bit.ly/BBBFinal, I hadn't been by Wheeler Pharmacy in a dog's age & I knew I better get w/ The Horseshoe of Wisdom crew b4 our 1st game!! The best folks u will ever share breakfast with. Big day of practice and our Lexington Tip-Off dinner. Go Big Blue!!, A couple of links from the world of Coach Cal's Social Media!! No one covers Coach Cal like Coach Cal!!
1. The true meaning of having the Chinese coaches visit UK: http://bit.ly/LtrCui

 2. More on the Chinese Coaches and a look ahead to Signing Day w/Coach Cal's Lexy for Tuesday, 11/9: http://bit.ly/bbaGfI
^CoachCal.com Staff, Had an unbelievable meal over at Texas Roadhouse w/this year's group of visiting Chinese Coaches. So enjoyable to be able to renew old acquaintances & make new friends.
On a more solemn note, as most of you know, Eloy's father passed away. My heart goes out to Eloy in this time of great loss. Big Blue Nation, please keep Eloy, his family & their friends in your prayers. May God Bless the Vargas Family., The delegation of Chinese coaches has arrived and r currently watching us practice. Great to have them with us. 
Also, today's 5 winners of a hardcover media guide have been notified via FB msg. We will give away 5 more on Wed., Back at it today after re-juicing the batteries on Monday. Need to have 3 great days of practice with focus & passion & physicality.
We're going to be giving away signed copies of the 2010-11 hardcover UK media guide to random commenters thru-out the day. Guide is available for purchase here: http://bit.ly/guidegivway
It's an unbelievable publication that captures last season & provides a full look at this year. (Winning commenters will be notified via FB msg), SEE - AND HEAR - ALL ABOUT IT, DIRECT FROM COACH CAL:
5 really strong questions in Mailbag #2 over 
at FoxSportsSouth.com. Find out about some of the recruits that Cal 
missed out on; John Wall's winning attributes & the charisma building 
now underway w/the young Cats. http://bit.ly/calbag2 
Also, Monday's Lexy is a Basketball Benny's dreamcast, listen here about possible starters for ETSU & the arrival of the 13 Chinese coaches: http://lexy.com/p/176788
 ^CoachCal.com, The annual UK men's basketball media guide is now available for purchase online at the UK Team Shop. Filled with 208 pgs. of stats, player info & quotes from head coach John Calipari the guide costs $20.
I got a sneak peek last week & I was BLOWN away. There's a reason last year's guide was named best in the nation: we have the BEST media relations folks & they spared no expense in creating this masterpiece. A perfect gift or keepsake.
All orders MUST be placed online through the UK Team Shop (link below)., Our off-day for the week & then it's 3 practice days & Show Time! Hope u r all as excited as we r. Remember: Enjoy the path. Couple of reminders of worthwhile events this week:
1. Junior League Holly Day Market. 11/11-11/14 at JR Ewan Elementary school/Henry Clay Blvd. See Mark Krebs @ Preview Party 11/11 from 7p-10p signing his book, & also 11/12 fr. 10a-12p & 3p-6p. 
2. Boots, Bourbon & Brew: Presented by Paul Miller Ford. This Fri at Buster’s.  2 floor tix to UK bball 2 b auctioned at event.  Buy tickets at: http://bit.ly/BoBoBe, Want to give u something I shared w/the team over the weekend. Let's get your thoughts on what it means in the "Comments."
But 1st, excited we will once again be hosting the Chinese coaches this week. Great timing as UK's Confucius Institute officially opened this weekend. Congrats to our friends @ the Center.
Here's the quote I gave the team: "It's hard 2 work 4 something u haven't seen, felt or been a part of. That is faith which must be inspired by the leadership of the team who hav experienced it.", Going twice again today. Will b our last double of the pre-season. Need everyone to bring focus and passion. Enjoy your Sunday and Go Big Blue!!, Let's all wish Doron Lamb a happy birthday today. Loved how he got after that one loose ball last night. That's the way we need him to play. Good win for Joker and the guys. Go Big Blue!!, We r all focusing on UK football for now but wanted to remind you of the tip Royce Pulliam and I received from a little birdie this week: Mad Flatter in the 9th!! Royce checked in from Churchill and said it's a beauty day for racing!! Go Big Blue and go Mad Flatter., CoachCal.com videographer Ashley Welsh fights for your right to party during the Dillard game - More great video capturing the sights and sounds of the Dillard game. Enjoy and GO BIG BLUE!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Back by Popular Demand: The CoachCal.com Post-Game Mash-up. Dillard exhibition game highlights, backstage photos and commentary from Coach Cal and players.
Check it out - it's the game story, reinvented. ^CoachCal.com Staff, We r getting better. Long way to go but some good signs from this game. Huge weekend ahead with four practices; the mornings will be like football practices and the afternoons will b basketball practices. Need to build on this. Hav a good weekend and here's hoping good things for Zenyatta!, Reading the Andrew Jackson book & this quote from AJ caught my eye: "I was born for a storm, & a calm does not suit me."
At SEC Media Day, my former player and asst., Tony Barbee, said the same can be said about me. I don't know if I necessarily agree (!!) but I do know that if u wreck my village, I'm coming after you & ur village. I don't look 4 the "storms," but at the same time, I don't shy away from them., Hope you will all check out Dick Vitale's fledgling Facebook page - he only needs about 205,000 more fans to catch up to our page!! You'll get there Dickie V.!!! I'm asking all of the BBN to help out!! Can't wait to be a part of your Gala in May - going to be very special & I'm hoping the BIg Blue Nation will be well represented there!! More info: http://bit.ly/bOQOYF, Over at Common Grounds for a bit - had missed a few days here but fortunately, it doesn't change much!
Just want all of us to send our hopes & prayers to the people of Haiti as they brace for Hurricane Tomas - we know what a resilient people they are & let's send our thoughts their way so they can find the strength to overcome another of Mother Nature's tests. God Bless them all., Physical battles. Old School practice w/Coach Hall there to see it. 
Trust us: Take 3 minutes & listen to this Lexycast from Coach Cal - Setting the tone, indeed. (Link below, listen online or get the App) ^CoachCal.com Staff, A couple of items 2 share as we gear up for Fri nite's final exhibition game:


  
  
    
      
  1. One of my all-time favorite managers, Sparky Anderson, passed away. 
Remember the Big Red Machine of the 70s; it might never  happen again.
2. For all my young followers & parents 
who want their kids 2 read more, Mike Lupica's book "Hero" is out. I'm 
already making Brad read it!! Then I will & quiz him!!
3. Remember we set our clocks back this weekend: http://www.webexhibits.org/daylightsaving/b2.html, Met w/the media for a bit & we're heading into practice now. It will be another day of physicality & toughness building. The 1 thing I told the media that I'll share w/you is that this year we are having to manufacture toughness in practice, whereas last year that toughness was there already. But I know we'll get there - just going to take some time.
Please check out the story below at CoachCal.com and get a better feel for the incredible job President Todd has done for our beloved University. Go Big Blue!, Back to work after an inspiring day yesterday with Mr. Buffett - amazing the knowledge & compassion he displays in everything he does. I hope I can share some of his wisdom w/my team. Ready for another tough & phsyical practice today in preparation for a good Dillard team. Can you all believe the season starts a week from tomorrow? Let's get after it - Go Big Blue!!, You all had some hilarious answers to the last post but I know you knew it was Mr. Warren Buffet. Hear my audio tweet about an amazing day meeting an amazing man. http://bit.ly/cfE0DE, Ready for a guessing game? Who can identify the gentleman whispering in my ear in this picture? And then, who can guess what he was whispering? 
I'll reveal the answers later tonight in my Lexy so be sure to stay tuned for that! All I can say is "WOW!" What an amazing day. I'm blessed to be able to meet the people and do the things I do as your coach. Thank you BBN!, Off-day today for team after a good session Tues. that I hope will make us tougher. I finished the new Tony Dungy book & enjoyed it (may be 2 spirirtual 4 some) & now I have 2 more 2 get started: One is on Andrew Jackson which I was inspired to read after the Henry Clay book we discussed last month. The other is "Everyday Greatness: Inspiration for a Meaningful Life" w/insights & commentary by Stephen R. Covey., Got after it in practice today & the guys responded well. They understand what we're asking of them & working hard.
Day off on Wednesday but then right back at it on Thursday to get ready for Dillard on Friday night. 
Please hear my "audio tweet": http://bit.ly/cta1NB
and find out what we did at practice on Tuesday to help us improve on Monday's performance., CoachCal.com videographer and creative force, Ashley Welsh, submits the following for your enjoyment. We call it - A Minute at Rupp (Pikeville Game). Hope you like it! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Take a look at the 1st edition of my mailbag on foxsportssouth.com and get your questions 
in for next week. http://bit.ly/dj2y6M
There's also bonus video called "Kentucky Wildcats breakdown" & some really sharp behind-the-scenes features shot at & around Big Blue Madness.
Off to a great start with FoxSportsSouth.com and can't wait to do some special things throughout the season with them., Watching tape and getting ready for what will be a competitive and important practice this afternoon. But the most important thing about today is making sure we all get out there and vote. Doesn't matter what party you support or what candidate, just that you exercise your right and have your voice heard. Let's do our part Big Blue Nation!, A good indication of where we are against Pikeville and now it's time to get back to work and keep getting better. Have to develop that viciousness that we haven't had yet. But we did some good things too. I'll be able to assess better after I watch the tape.
For now, click over to CoachCal.com and check out our new feature: The Post-Game Mash-up., Special friends of mine r attending the game 2nite: Mr. Chip Templeman & his family (Bethe, Grace & Addison). Chip is a Capt. in the 123rd Airlift Wing of the KY Nat'l Guard & pilot of the C-130 Hercules cargo plane. Chip has flown me all over this country as part of his "day job" & he is simply THE BEST. He is set 2 embark on his 2nd deployment 2 Afghanistan on Nov. 11. Let's all wish Chip & his wing all the best., You will notice our staff going 
barefoot during 2nite's national anthem as we support Samaritan’s Feet. U can help by texting 'SHOES' to 85944 to give $10 to Samaritan’s Feet on your next cell 
phone bill. $10 will provide 1 child with a pair of brand new shoes., I don't want to sound like I'm gloating but I'm not going to hide my pride either! Check out this Marcus Camby story when you can. Marcus was a special young man when I coached him at UMass & he has become an incredible man w/a HUGE heart. Just like when I see our guys from last year doing their thing in the NBA, I beam like a proud papa. It's what makes coaching the unbelievable profession it is & why I'm so blessed to be your Coach at UK. Go Big Blue!!, A reminder: Boots, Bourbon & Brew – Presented by Paul Miller Ford - Friday, Nov 12 at Buster’s, 8-12:30 pm.  Enjoy beer and bourbon tastings, BBQ and music by Sixty Four West. Chance to win two floor UK men’s basketball tickets.  Buy tickets online at: http://bit.ly/BoBoBe ^CoachCal.com Staff, An early start to the day w/the annual Salvation Army breakfast. Let's all "do the most good" this holiday season. Remember all the blessings we have and share them w/those less fortunate., Crazy - You guys struggled w/the question: Who's the youngest Cat this year? (prior post)
The answer is Enes Kanter by almost half a year. He turned 18 in May. A 
lot of Polson guesses, does he really look that much younger?!?!?
2 winners will be notified via FB messaging. . . Thanks for guesses!!, Going 2x today as we get ready 4 Pikeville on Monday night. The guys are bringing the right mindset - now it's time to break those bad habits & really get after it on the defensive end & w/our rebounding. BTW, Stacey Poole turned 19 last Sunday & it got me thinking: Who's 
the youngest Cat this year? Remember, we have 6 freshmen. 2 random correct responders get a signed, "Blue Dawn" DVD. Happy Halloween - B safe., Just finished our 1st practice of our Clinc at Rupp. Going over some things w/the coaches and fans in attendance and then we will break for lunch. Coach Huggins joins us in the afternoon. Love being able to share ideas about this game we all love so much. Go Big Blue!, Looking forward to Sat.'s clinic (tickets & registration on-site at Rupp media/player entrance)
We'll do a defensive practice in the morning & go w/an offensive session in the afternoon. Coach Huggins in afternoon 2. Fri was a good practice but we're still getting hung up on screens & we're not always rebounding the way I want us to. But we're making strides & the Pikeville game (Mon nite) comes at a good time so we can see where we are. Happy Halloween weekend & PLEASE be safe & careful out there., Watching some film & getting ready for another big weekend of practice, including the clinic sessions we'll be doing on Saturday (still time to sign up, click below).
Hoping everyone in the BBN can join me in wishing Ms. Sandy Bell a very happy birthday. Sandy is the best in her field & we r fortunate to have her at UK. Enjoy your day Sandy & thanks 4 everything you do.
Lastly, be sure to check out our latest "Blue Dawn" DVD profile at CoachCal.com: http://bit.ly/arVzpa, Happy 2 be partnering with FoxSportsSouth.com 4 something I think we're all going to enjoy a whole lot. Next week we begin a weekly mailbag, but for now see exclusive video from the run up to - and the actual event of -Big Blue Madness 2010. Link below & then click on a Coach Cal Mailbag button. Enjoy & be sure 2 ur Mailbag question. Random questioners will receive signed Coach Cal items from his 1st season in the Bluegrass., Fantastic event on Friday at Cardinal Hill Hosp. in Lex: Community Health Fair from 7:30am-3:00pm. Flu Shots available for $25 (while they last); Free Stroke Screenings, Pet Therapy Dogs, Vision & Lung Screenings, Wood Chiropractic Center, Arbonne Skincare, Free Massages, Dental & Breast Cancer Awareness Info. PLUS: Wii Tournament, BMI scale, Strong Woman Program, 5 K training program, CHRH Wellness Program & MORE. Get Healthy KY!! More info, call 859.254.5701 ext. 5515, My good friend Coach Mike Gottfried’s new book "Wisdom From Winners" is out. Interviews w/45 athletes & coaches about their faith, lives & legacies. Included are: Me, Joker Phillips, John Wooden, Vince Dooley & more. All proceeds go to Team Focus. 
Big thanks to Brad at the Tropical Smoothie Cafe in Lex for feeding the staff today w/a healthy alternative. Great smoothies, sandwiches & wraps., Discovered a new lunch spot over on Southland - The Soup Kitchen. Wow! I'm a soup guy & they even impressed me! Back at the office now and getting ready for another big day of practice. Everyone got to catch their breath w/yesterday's off day and now it's back to work. Got to get better & keep our passion and energy up. Go Big Blue!!, Some housekeeping reminders 4 you as I wind down from visiting 3 cities in about 12 hours & the Big Blue Nation showing us love at
 each stop. Such a great thing to b part of.

1. Check out what contributor Ken Howlett has been doing over at 
CoachCal.com. Great profiles on the people who helped tell the story of 
last season in "Blue Dawn" DVD: http://bit.ly/BluDawnProfiles

2. Still spots available for our basketball clinic being held this Sat. @
 Rupp & featuring Bob Huggins. Coach Huggins is 1 of the great 
coaches of our time. His #s don't lie. Super clinic speaker 2., Two-thirds of the way through this 3 city swing for recruiting. Still amazing to me how the Big Blue Nation is EVERYwhere. We all feed off the passion and dedication you all show us. We are lucky to have the greatest fans in all of sports. Be back later tonight & then back at it in practice tomorrow., Got an early start today w/the staff as we use our off-day from practice to get some recruiting done in different cities. Feeling good about last night's Blue/White scrimmage but I hope you all saw how far we still need to go. We did a lot of good things but we made a lot of mistakes & still have some bad habits we need to break. But the guys want to be coached & they are putting forth great effort. Go Big Blue!!, I think we can all agree that our guys earned their off-day tomorrow!! A good night with the Blue-White scrimmage as I learned more about my team & we also got better as a whole. That's all you can ask for. It's still early & the path has a lot of twists still to come. Please check out our coverage of the Scrimmage at CoachCal.com (link below). Recruiting day on Wed. - Go Big Blue!, From UK Media Relations: Mark Krebs, Perry Stevenson & Wayne Turner will not be available to participate in tonight’s Blue/White scrimmage as previously announced. UK was informed by the NCAA this afternoon that their participation in a public scrimmage would constitute a contest against outside competition. There4 their participation could affect UK's 2 scheduled exhibition games against Pikeville & Dillard., We've got a ton of information to get out on this very busy day, so we hope you'll pardon the long post. 

1) Check out CoachCal.com for the latest episode of "The Mailbag" below where Coach Cal answers your questions (Cal retiring at UK?) and also be sure to read the new article about the people featured in the new DVD, "Blue Dawn".

2) Check out this video and help support a worthy cause: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWG_2CNkbEg

^CoachCal.com Staff, Busy morning as I shoot some promos 4 a new project we'll be launching in the coming weeks with FoxSportsSouth.com. Great group 2 work with & the Big Blue Nation is going to love what we're doing. More info to come on that.
Finished the book, "1959," & enjoyed learning about the year of my birth! Incredible events during that period. I'm now onto Tony Dungy's new book that I've been anxious to read. Incredible writer & motivator., The trio of Wayne Turner, Perry Stevenson and Mark Krebs will participate in the Blue/White scrimmage. Excited for them to be a part of it., Coach Cal is running the team through practice but b4 it started, he did make a special announcement at CoachCal.com regarding Tuesday night's Blue/White scrimmage. Click on over for your chance to win a Coach Cal-signed copy of the hot-selling "Blue Dawn" DVD: http://bit.ly/MysteryCats ^CoachCal.com Staff, Hope everyone's Monday is off to a great start. Staff & I are watching tape & getting ready 4 a big week of practice & of course, tomorrow night's Blue/White scrimmage. Another reminder that I will be speaking at the Salvation Army's annual breakfast next Monday morning. Let's all help change the lives of homeless women & children, hungry families & those who struggle w/poverty. Info here - http://bit.ly/SalvArmyCal, Just finished our 4th practice of the weekend & 2nd scrimmage. We got better w/our intensity & viciousness on defense. Perry Stevenson has scrimmaged w/us & it was gd 4 Terrence 2 go against him. Our guards r getting better- all of them r learning 2 play w/an intensity & passion they've never played w/b4. Here's the 1 thing I said abt 50 times 2day: I LOVE lay-ups & I like 3s. They r starting 2 understand! More tmrw!, Had two good practices on Sat. and looking for two more good ones today. Let's all wish two of our own very happy birthdays: Stacey Poole and part of La Familia, Drake. Enjoy ur days, gentlemen. Let's all get better today and enjoy our Sunday. Go Big Blue!!, If u listened to my Lexy from yesterday, u know how important I feel this weekend's 4 practice sessions r for us. Guys Hav come in with a grt attitude this morning. 
Need u all to do me a favor, Coach Mitchell just passed 5,000 Twitter followers. Let's get him over 10k BBN! Follow @UKCoachMitchell.  Enjoy homecoming every1. B safe out there., It's that time again!  Check out this week's episode of "The Mailbag" brought to you by CoachCal.com. A series with Duke? A visit with Warren Buffet? We're all over the place on this one. Enjoy!
^CoachCal.com Staff, Pssssst - Coach Cal has something to tell you!
Find out what root canal & media day have in common & get EXCLUSIVE comments from Coach on why this is a HUGE weekend for his young team.
Download the new Lexy app here: http://bit.ly/LexyApp
Or sign up and never miss a word from Coach Cal - Text: "Add Coach Cal" to 68948
Or visit Lexy.com and see what EVERYone is talking about!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, So I went 2 dentist after Wed's practice w/what I thought was a toothache. Next thing I know Dr. Palmer (Richmond) is giving me abt 90 novocain shots & I'm having root canal. His asst says, "U look pale." No kidding!! Even so, media day was more painful 4 me!!! Not really, I go 2 media day 2 promote our school, our program, our league & our coaches. That may not b every coach's approach, but it's what I do., A long day & a lot of interviews but SEC Media Day was a great opportunity to share the fantastic story of our University & our program. So proud of Darius for how he represented the school & enjoyed seeing so many familiar faces.
Over at CoachCal.com we have posted some behind-the-scenes photos of today's trip to Birmingham. Check the link below & Go Big Blue!!, Here I am w/several of my very closest friends!! Does this league get some media attention or what? Looking forward to getting back home and starting back up w/my team tomorrow!! Go Big Blue!!!, Making the rounds at SEC Media Day. Here, I am catching up w/Andy Katz of ESPN. Lots of familiar faces here including CM Newton, Commissioner Slive and ESPN's Mark Gottfried. We've got the best people working for and around the SEC - so fortunate. And of course, the Big Blue Nation was waiting for me in the lobby!!!, Just landed in Birmingham for SEC media day and going to the Central Alabama alumni group's lunch first. How about Darius Miller and Victoria Dunlap putting on the ritz! Smooth!! Great day to be able to spend time w the Big Blue Nation and meet w/my friends in the media. Go Big Blue!!, 2day will b our 1st day off & the guys have earned it. Wed.'s pre-practice talk was simple: Offensively we have a ton we need 2 get in be4 we start playing. Then I talked abt defense & the ton of things we still need 2 work on there. So u may ask: What the heck have u been doing? It's bball 101 when ur dealing w/17, 18, 19 year-olds. Right now we couldn't play a  game. Good news? We r at abt the same spot as last yr., Check out CoachCal.com for exclusive content on my discussion of the NCAA's Enes 
Kanter review w/ESPN's Jimmy Dykes. http://bit.ly/EnesESPNU
  ^CoachCal.com Staff, Mid-week & looking forward to another strong practice this afternoon. We will be off tomorrow as I head to SEC Media Day. The guys will have really earned the day off after an intensive first week of practice. Proud of their effort and willingness to learn. We are getting better every day. Please be sure to check out my open letter to the Big Blue Nation (link below). Go Big Blue!, Okay, how many of u think ur basketball coach can ONLY coach roundball? Well I've got news for you all: I also happen to have some acting chops!! If any1 has seen the *runaway smash hit of the fall* "NSecure," u may have recognized my cameo appearance in a Memphis coffee shop scene. Yep, I've gone Hollywood on y'all!! Great fun - another neat thing I've been able 2 do in my life because of the blessings I've been given thru this game we all love., Coach Calipari has penned an open letter to the Big Blue Nation that he's asked you all to read: http://bit.ly/LTRBBN 
While you're over there, be sure to check out clips from the hot-selling "Blue Dawn" DVD and order your copy today! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Do you all know what this weekend is? That's right - HOMECOMING!! Can't wait to see all the alums back at their old stomping grounds. Not too late to make the journey: Homecoming 2010: Oct. 21-23.  Visit
 www.ukhomecoming.com to find out all the
 details. GO BIG BLUE and always stay TRUE to your school., Had another strong practice yesterday & we r all looking forward to our Students/Faculty/Staff open practice this afternoon at 3 p.m. Only people w/those vaild I.D.s will be allowed into Memorial for the hourlong session.
Want to let every1 know how honored I am that the Salvation Army has asked me to speak at their annual breakfast, being held this year on Nov. 1 at the Lexington Hyatt. More info below - let's all help in Doing the Most Good!!!, REMINDER TO UK STUDENTS FACUYLTY & STAFF: UK's men’s basketball team will host a faculty/staff & student practice TOMORROW (Tues, 10/19) in Memorial Coliseum at 3 p.m.
• Doors open at 2 p.m. Attendees must enter thru Euclid Ave entrance, & may not line up b4 1 p.m.
• 1st 5,000 people will receive a free NIKE t-shirt.
• Students & faculty/staff must present valid UK IDs. NO EXCEPTIONS., Happy Monday everyone! A reminder that my guy, Royce Pulliam and Urban Active, along w/ the American Heart Association & UK Healthcare r hosting a START Walking event downtown in the 5/3rd Bank Pavillion from 11:30 am - 1:30 pm. Walk on down and get heart healthy!!!, Had two good practices today and I felt we got better in both. Really a special weekend to be a part of here at UK & I hope everyone enjoyed and appreciated it. Wanted to share my thoughts & best wishes for Purdue's Robbie Hummel - have heard great things about the young man & I hope all of BBN will show their support to him as well. Let's make it a great week and let's improve!!!, Wow! How bout Joker and our football team. Looks like Big Blue Madness was tonight after all!! I'm so happy for him and the whole team. Congratulations and Go Big Blue!!!!!, Go Cats!!
Some pictures for your viewing at halftime from the past week with Coach Cal., Joe Craft stopped by practice this morning & the team presented him w/ a birthday cake. Always great to see Joe & catch up on all that is going on w/ Alliance Coal - got to talk for a while about the incredible exhibit they had at the WEG & how it will start to travel to different events. http://bit.ly/AllianceWeg
Let's keep the Blue Madness going at Commonwealth for Joker & the team. Go Cats!!! be safe out there everyone & have fun., On the court w/my team - my favorite place to be!! The Madness is over and it's now time for Business. Turn the page and let's get after it. Hoping to see you all at the football game tonight - Go Big Blue!!, Had a few minutes before taking the floor to explain what all this is about. Told the guys to enjoy it tonight because tomorrow we get down to business!! Thanks to everyone who came out and to everyone watching at home. Let's enjoy the path. Go Big Blue!!!, Now I know you guys know the five fellas in this shot!! On our way out to the court. How great was Matthew and the women's team during their introductions? I think we may need to ask Erin Andrews if she can get him on Dancing With the Stars!!!, Some new pictures in my Rupp Arena office. Here's the first. You know who these guys are? The building is already rocking!! You people are crazy, you know that right? Enjoy yourselves and be safe., No winner at the last place... thanks to all who participated! Enjoy Big Blue Madness! C-A-T-S....
^CoachCal.com Staff, The CoachCal.com Street Team has moved to the third place... free Blue Dawn DVD is sitting with us!, Didn't catch this gentleman's name as he was in a hurry to get back to the Arena, so congrats anyway! New location coming in five minutes!, CoachCal.com Street Team has moved to a new location... who wants a signed copy of Blue Dawn?, Eric  & Ashley Rose are our first winners... only two left!, First giveaway is underway now... up for grabs is a signed copy of Blue Dawn for the first three people to find us at our location... hope you're following on Foursquare!, I'm getting ready to head to Rupp and my staff tells me the doors have just opened and the student section is filling in quickly 
A reminder: our CoachCal.com Street Team is giving out signed 'Blue Dawn' DVDs but ONLY to My Foursquare followers. We will begin giving location giveaways at Foursquare shortly. Don't b left out!!!, Was talking 2 my guy Royce Pulliam earlier today & he was so jacked about BBM that he is running this promotion today ONLY at his fitness clubs: The first 40 people wearing UK gear who visit any of the 3 Lexington Urban Active locations will get a FREE Coach Cal "Bounce Back" book w/ a 30-day pass inside! Talk about Madness!! Royce bleeds blue & shows it EVERY day. Get pumped up - and ACTIVE - 4 tonite., Everyone who will be out & about before Big Blue Madness tonight needs to become a follower of Coach Cal at Foursqaure.
The CoachCal.com Street Team will have signed "Blue Dawn" DVDs & Coach Calz Crazy Bandz Ver. 2 to give away, but you can't win if you're not following Coach on Foursqaure - the next big thing in social media. Giveaway locations will be announced on Foursquare later today - don't miss out, follow Coach NOW!!!, Any1 have plans 4 tonite? I was thinking of a quiet nite at home w/Ellen &. . . 
Gotchya!! Can't wait for BBM & to start working w/the team daily. Couple of items to start u off:
1. Homecoming 2010 is NEXT WK: Oct. 21-23.  
Visit www.ukhomecoming.com 2 find out all 
the details. 
2. Happy Bday 2 one of the unsung heroes of our crew: Terrance "TC" Commodore  
3. Boots, Bourbon & Brew, Presented by Paul Miller Ford is set 4 Fri. 11/12 at Buster’s. 2 floor tix 2 UK bball game 2 b auctioned at event. Info and tix at: http://bit.ly/BoBoBe, You know where I'll be 24 hours from now??? Yep - with my team getting ready to start up UK 2010-11 season of basketball. You can't imagine how excited I am & I know u r all just as juiced. Let's remember 2 enjoy the path. And 4 now, please enjoy a couple of features over at CoachCal.com (Women's clinic video at link below) & contributor Ken Howlett's poignant piece on the power of BBN as it relates to Kevin Massey: http://bit.ly/Wmnsclnc, Excitement & buzz are building 4 BBM - can u feel it?
I have 2 give u a couple of thoughts on my time w/Pres. Todd last nite & his speech 2 the KY Broadcasters Assoc:
1. If u all heard Dr. Todd speak, u would understand why I'm so sad he's leaving. What an incredible leader & visionary he is.
2. Also, if u heard some of the statistics & news he shared u would just say, "WOW!!" - talk about someone who "gets it.", Don't want to hit everyone over the head w/memorabilia & collectibles but two really neat projects are now available to the Big Blue Nation. "Blue Dawn: Inside Coach Cal's First Season" and Crazy Bandz 2.0. Check both out & thank you 4 helping 2 support the Calipari Family Foundation for Children. Big Blue Madness, here we come!!! Let's get to work. . . 
http://www.coachcal.com/blue-dawn-dvd/, Here in Pikeville with the great folks of the Kentucky Broadcasters Association. Sharing the podium w/Dr. Todd who just blew everyone away w/the information he discussed on the strides UK has made. I'm really going to miss him. In this picture I'm w/former Gov. Patton & his wife - special people. I'm so blessed to hav opportunities like this., Heading to Pikeville w/President Todd for the Kentucky Broadcasters Association conference. Speaking of broadcasting: On Fri, the Big Blue Sports Network will show Big Blue Madness live, from 7-9:30 pm (ET), on FS South (State of KY ONLY); WYMT-TV in Hazard; WKAG-TV in Hopkinsville; WKYT-TV in Lex & on WMYO-TV in L'ville. Fans can also view BBM live FREE on the UK website at www.ukathletics.com or www.espn3.com., I hope all of the Big Blue Nation will take a moment and say a prayer for the family and friends of UK hockey player, Taylor Vit, who died this week after a tragic car accident. Let's make sure the Vit family and everyone who knew Taylor feel the prayers and compassion of the BBN. Stay strong and God Bless., Two days til Big Blue Madness!! But more importantly today is the birthday of one of my dear friends and someone who has been incredible for our whole campus and the community - Joe Craft. Joe, thank you for all you do and for being such a giving and kind soul. Happy 60th my man!!, Don't forget to submit your questions for Coach Calipari for the next episode of "The Mailbag" series which you can watch at CoachCal.com. The deadline is midnight tonight, so ask away in the comment section below!
^CoachCal.com Staff, ATTENTION BIG BLUE NATION: Special Announcement, while supplies last - The next 100 people to register for the Oct. 30 John Calipari Basketball Clinic will receive ONE Big Blue Madness ticket. (Click Link Below)
Further instructions will b sent 2 winners via email. Good Luck!! 
(NOTE: If you have already registered, u will also receive 1 BBM ticket, info 2 come via email.)
***No recruitable age youths allowed to participate. If ur entering 7th-12th grade u will NOT b allowed 2 register or attend.***, It's that time once again!  Have a question for Coach Calipari?  Ask it in the comments below and you may be featured in the next episode of our ongoing web series, "The Mailbag", where we take questions from you the fans straight to the head man. As always, have fun with it!
^CoachCal.com Staff, ATTN: UK Campus Community: Support the MAT Club Denim Drive, stop by their table outside the student center today from 11-2 for more info and to donate your denim! ^CoachCal.com Staff, The Bulls were good enough to send over this fantastic photo from Friday's game vs. the Wizards. I don't mean to gloat, but that was a really neat night. So proud of John & Derrick & all our guys who are living their dreams. Special times for sure. Go Big Blue!!!, Great night at the Bellevue Urban Active. Hope everyone is enjoying the start to this Big Blue week of excitement!, On my way to Urban Active in Bellevue. Should b there a bit b4 6 pm - running a bit late but can't wait to sign books and see another of birthday boy Royce Pulliam's fantastic clubs. Stop by if ur in the area., Some news & reminders from the CoachCal.com Staff:
1. One of Coach's favorite authors & one of the world's most-respected  speakers on leadership will b making a special appearance at UK on Nov. 11 - a rare chance 2 see Dr. John Maxwell at an unbelievable price: http://bit.ly/DocMax
2. Purchase the Blue Dawn DVD (below) b4 Fri. & be entered 2 win a special Coach Cal commemorative autograph pkg from the 2009-10 season., A busy week leading up to Big Blue Madness as I try to clear my schedule & get ready to devote my time to the team & practice. I love all facets of my job, especially being w/the BBN, but my favorite part is being w/our team.
Have to offer up bday wishes to someone who has been very special to me, Ellen & our family since we arrived: Royce Pulliam - ur getting old, man!! But u still look young!! Enjoy ur day., Finishing up a book on Benjamin Franklin and I'm already a few chapters 
into Birthday Boy, Mark Krebs' book, "Beyond a Dream" http://bit.ly/DreamKrebs
Some really solid story-telling from the "Krebs Effect." ^JC

[**A reminder that Coach Cal will be at Urban Active's Bellevue, KY location for a book signing Monday at 5:30 p.m. Free books, 1st copies of "Blue Dawn" DVD giveaways, prizes & pics w/Coach - Come by & say hello - http://bit.ly/UABellVu ^CC.com Staff], Heartfelt condolences to Mr. Bill Gorman, the Hazard mayor who passed away Friday. Mayor Gorman gave me the honor of being a Duke of Hazard & I have had the pleasure of getting to know his brother, L.D. Let's please say a prayer for their family & friends & may he rest in peace., Really had a great time last night at the Bulls-Wizards game - incredible feeling to see John and Derrick living out their dreams in front of me. 
Spending some time w/the family today & I plan on heading over to the game tonite 2 support Joker & the guys - let's give them a HUGE homefield advantage.
Pics from our women's clinic have been posted at link below - we sure did take a lot of photos!!, My Three Sons! Derrick, Brad and John. I'm a "proud papa" tonight & every night! Enjoy your weekend everyone and be safe out there. A tremendous few days for Lexington to show what a World Class city we have!, What is it they say about a picture telling a 1,000 words? WOW! I'm humbled once again by how blessed I have been. . . John Wall and Derrick Rose - Thanks for always giving me your best. Go Big Blue!!!, In Chicago, 
headed 2 United Center 2 watch 2 of my point guards go nose2nose.
 Derrick Rose vs. John Wall in a pre-season game. This is the 1st time 
I've  seen 2 of my players head-2-head. Incredible sense of pride 4 
both myself & Ellen & our whole staff/family/program. 
Here w/me r Brad (my son), Chip, Elizabeth & Coach Tom Crean & his son, Riley. The boys will sit in 1st row & I'll take pics from 
upper deck!, The 2010 John Calipari Basketball Clinic will be held on Saturday, Oct. 30 from 9:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. ET at Rupp Arena.
Now open to male & female fans & coaches, the day-long instructional clinic gives a unique glimpse into the coaching philosophies and strategies Coach Calipari uses in guiding the defending SEC champion, UK Wildcats. Included in this clinic, will be a chance to tour the Joe Craft Center & Wildcat Lodge w/experts available to answer questions. More info at link below., Our last weekend b4 practice starts - I've told the team & staff 2 make the most of it - our journey begins a week from today.
Couple of notes:
1. ATTN ALUMS: Homecoming 2010 is Oct. 21-23.  Visit www.ukhomecoming.com to find out all the details. Hope to c u bak on campus!!
2. One last push 4 our friends at Staples & their charitable efforts: Follow @StaplesTweets on Twitter. Choose a charity to support: http://bit.ly/9zOjZK
5 new followers will b chosen 2 receive Coach-signed copy of "Blue Dawn" DVD. Prove u follow @StaplesTweets by sending ur Twitter handle to: contests@CoachCal.com, Sending out prayers to two good friends in Memphis that could use the support of the BBN. Former Memphis coach Larry Finch and Jim Glover - both incredibly kind and giving men. God Bless them both., In celebration of Student Day at Alltech WEG on Saturday, Rupp Arena will be 
doing a Nickelback ticket scavenger hunt on campus this afternoon. 
"Like" them on facebook to follow along for clues - http://www.facebook.com/rupparena, Some items of interest:
1. CoachCal.com Crazy Bandz Version 2.0 have arrived. Fan Outfitters has fresh stock & we will be updating on-line ordering later today. $1 from each pack sold goes 2 the Calipari Family Foundation 4 Children.
2. Our staff was treated 2 a delicious Wed. lunch from J.J. McBrewsters at the Stonewall Shpng Ctr on Clays Mills. We've got a bunch of folks who lived in Memphis in our office so when they say BBQ is good, it MEANS something!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Busy day after a fantastic nite at our Women's Clinic - thx to everyone who made it such a success & 4 helping us raise $$ for Susan G. Komen for the Cure. Heading to Cincy 4 a unique luncheon w/business leaders & then hoping to spend some time w/Ellen, Brad & Megan, who is home from college 4 a few days.
Great news from the WEG!!: All KY college & univ. students will receive free admission 2 the Alltech FEI WEG this Saturday, 10/9. Valid student ID req'd., Erin Andrews has been phenomenal. Answering all sorts of questions and so kind to give her time. A true professional and we r lucky to have her here at our Women's Clinic., Pauline Moore from Lawrenceburg, who is 88 years young, just presented me w a beautiful tie. Womens Clinic in underway. The passion from these ladies for UK basketball is overwhelming! Great stuff! Go Big Blue!, Some recruiting 2 get done early & then back 2 lex 4 our Women's Clinic, which I'm really excited about. Our partners at Skirt! have just been tremendous & we have a great nite on tap featuring our very special guest, Erin Andrews. Our staff looks forward 2 this nite & being able 2 share UK basketball w/500 diehard Cats fans. 
Also, if you haven't checked it out yet, please listen to my latest Lexy on "Trust" - http://www.lexy.com/post/167495, For the past week, the Alltech Haitian Harmony Choir has been stealing the hearts of Kentuckians & WEG tourists alike. Last night they stole Coach Cal's. . ., I've got to give a shout out 2 the folks at Louisville's John-Kenyon American Eye Institute. My personal assistant, Lunetha Pryor, had Lasik surgery performed there Friday & says she can see clearly now!! Helps me, since I can never read the fine print on things she wants me 2 read over!!! Lunetha said every1 over there was fantastic & the procedure was quick & painless., Just spent some time over at Singletary Center for the Alltech Haitain Harmony Chorus and The Chieftans. Absolutely amazing - what precious youngsters. So much good has come from the WEG, but seeing the childrens' smiles is among the best!! Dr. Lyons is an incredible man and I'm so happy to know him.  A pillar of our community., Today I talked to the team about trust. Trust is a confidence in one another created by great respect for each other's hard work and preparation. Trust is based on demonstrated performance at critical times which leads our team to believe anything possible., The 3rd installment of Coach Cal's Facebook mailbag is posted at CoachCal.com. Response has been overwhelming to the feature & we will be expanding it in the coming weeks - so stay tuned! ^CoachCal.com, Hope every1 is getting their week off to a good start. Just 11 days until I can get w/my team 4 real & I'm excited about that! I'm also still pumped about getting to take this picture w/Franco Harris & former Pitt basketball player Keith Starr at yesterday's Stillers game (I know how to spell it folks, but that's Pitsburghese for Steelers!!) Enjoy your day & Go Big Blue!, This was just b4 kickoff. You all know who the Ravens coach is related to thru marriage, right? My good friend and opponent!!!, Tom Crean. Tommy raves about all the Harbaughs. Great atmosphere here. Their fans r are just as rabid as ours!! I love it!!!, Here at the STILLERS/Ravens game & our group from Alliance Coal - Tom, Mark, Christy, Chip & Adam - was just down on the field. I had to meet the Ravens' Michael Oher, the young man whose story served as the basis 4 "Blind Side." Such an inspiring thing 2 c a young man raise his GPA significantly, overcome odds & succeed. That really is the stuff movies are made of, don't u agree? Go Big Blue! Go Big Black & Gold!!, Few things for u:
1. Let's get behind Joker & our FB team.  We have 3 home games in a row
 starting w/ Auburn. Let's sell out & show them all the power, passion & loyalty of the 
BBN!
2. My Lexy on FOCUS from earlier in the week: How USA/Brazil game will help our Cats: http://lexy.com/post/166408
3. U all know I'm a Bengals - & Reds - fan, but today I go back to my roots - w/the Alliance Coal guys at the STILLERS game. Going to be a street fight w/Ravens!, Had a great day w/Ellen and I've been able to get into some of the books I mentioned at the beginning of the week. Reading is really an important part of my life if you haven't noticed!!
Wanted to give everyone a heads up on this Halloween Bash in Louisville to support the tremendous UK School of Music., Enjoying this perfect fall day w/Ellen as we hav just discovered Common Grounds coffee house 4 the 1st time. I know our students know about it, but it's new to us!! Ellen had a scone (I may hav tasted it!!) & it was super. Going off grid 4 s bit so want 2 send my best to Joker & the Cats. Let's get it done!!, WOW! That was a very special night outside Memorial. You know we all wish we could sign every item for each of you, but we do our best & hope you understand our gratitude. Speaking of which, let's show some for Papa John himself, John Schnatter, & the local PJ stores. It's not easy feeding a Nation!!!, Pizza time for the Camp Cal crowd! You people r nuts and I love it!! We appreciate ur support  more than u know!! Go Big Blue!!, ONLY 50 spots remain for this coming Wednesday's Women's Clinic - Don't be shut out: http://bit.ly/9WqHTq
 Erin Andrews & plenty of surprises, fun & the opportunity to meet Coach Cal, his staff, players & learn the Dribble Drive!, We had a couple of Foursquare winners from Camp Cal who asked not 2 b identified (they may have called into work sick, but we can't confirm that!).
Coach is heading into practice & then plans on coming back over to visit w/the Nation's citizens later tonight. Enjoy yourselves and b safe out there. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Hey Tent City folks - looks like you r all having fun. Got to sign a few autographs on my way in to prepare for practice - I'll get back with you all later in the day! For now, I'd ask that all our Foursquare followers be on alert as CoachCal.com Staffers will be out & about w/signed Easy Buttons & tees. You can't win if ur not following coach on 4Square. 1st 4square check-in in 20 minutes. Sign up now: 
http://4sq.com/Tent4SquarePromos, After Monday's book signing at the Palomar Urban Active I wanted to take a tour around Royce Pulliam's gorgeous facility. The video below shows the highlights of that tour. Between the UA staff & clients I got so motivated I wanted to run on one of their state-of-the-art treadmills! Enjoy the video - thanks again to UA for having me out. We'll be at their Bellevue, KY location on 10/11 for another signing & visit., CoachCal.com Staff will b circulating amongst the 'Camp Cal' denizens 2day giving out t-shirts & limited edition, signed Staples Easy Buttons. But u need 2 take some steps 2 be eligible:
1. Sign up as an @StaplesTweets follower & vote
 4 a worthy charity here:  http://bit.ly/9zOjZK
2. Sign up as a follower at Coach Cal's Foursquare (http://4sq.com/Tent4SquarePromos) 
Beginning around lunch time, we will use 4Square 2 announce where giveaways will take place. ^CC.com Staff, John Calipari Let's see who's all snug in their tents, who's studying and who's just goofing off eating pizza and checking Facebook and Twitter?!?!?! Tent check everyone!!! You guys r the best!!, Plans are coming together 4 a special, VIP gathering 4 the release of the must-have DVD, "Blue Dawn: Inside Coach Cal's First Season" - Become a Coach Cal follower on Foursquare by 9 p.m., Oct. 8 & b entered 2 win a signed copy of the 90-minute (plus extras) film on DVD. Sign-up is easy (http://4sq.com/4SquareLanding) &
 Coach is loving the early repsonse 2 this emerging social media platform - keep it going  ^CoachCal.com Staff, It's time 4 our weekly reminder from the CoachCal.com Staff that we monitor Facebook & reserve every right 2 remove posts &/or commenters. This is a friendly community devoted 2 UK basketball & Coach Calipari - extreme negativity & mistruths will not be tolerated as we strive 2 keep this space, & all of Coach's social media platforms, family-oriented & accessible 2 all. Thanks & Go Big Blue!!, Tickets for the 2011 Women’s and Men’s SEC Basketball Tournaments will go on sale to the public beginning at 8 a.m. CT Friday, Oct. 1. Tickets for each event will be available online at www.SECsports.com or by calling 1-800-732-4849.
The Men’s SEC Basketball Tournament is scheduled for March 10-13, 2011, at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta, Ga. Reserved books are available for $325, $275 and $250. Books provide 1 ticket for each of the six sessions of the tournament., U guys must not like free stuff! No winners yet in our 4square giveaway. Only five minutes left. Sign up and follow Coach Cal on 4square; win stuff! Now that was easy!!!^cc.com staff, Okay Camp Cal denizens, you ready for some Coach Cal-signed Easy Buttons from Staples? Here's the deal: Sign up as an @StaplesTweets follower & vote 4 a worthy charity here:  http://bit.ly/9zOjZK

Then, sign up for Coach Cal's Foursquare (http://4sq.com/CampCal) 4square& be prepared 4 the Coach Cal Contest team to check in from somewhere near tent city. 1st three people at each spot 2 prove they r followers of Staples & Coach on 4square will win the signed Easy Button & free t-shirt. First giveaway at 5:45 p.m. Let's have some fun!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, I was on the road recruiting & unable 2 make the WEG Ronan Tynan event last nite but I'm told the 24 Haitian children making up the Alltech Haitian Harmony choir were absolutely fantastic. They must have been if they were able to steal the spotlight from Mr. Tynan!! Heading 2 a Louisville Rotary Club lunch & then 1 of my 2 favorite hours of the week: being with my team on the floor! All u tent folks - be on the lookout 4 Foursquare giveaways this afternoon., Have I told u all lately that ur crazy? Well, u r!!! Just walked by "Camp Cal, 2010" & I'm blown away by all the tents that r set up for Big Blue Madness tickets. Best part - every1 is respecting 1 another & being safe & having fun. I've got some recruiting 2day & 2morrow but b on the look out - we're going to stop by a couple of times & show our appreciation. Tomorrow, we'll have some 4Square contests for the Tent Dwellers. U can't win if ur not signed up., I've got to correct my earlier post about Spalding's Bakery - last week's special delivery of donuts were actually brought in to the office by Antoine Spillman - Sorry, Antoine - all due credit to you. My waistline regrets it but I'm grateful for you thinking of us in the office - a true friend of our program!!!, The new documentary about the 2009 season, "Blue Dawn: Inside Coach Cal's First Season" is now available for pre-order at CoachCal.com. Check out some clips from the DVD and take advantage of $1 shipping. 

***TWO LUCKY BUYERS WILL BE SELECTED TO RECEIVE A COMMEMORATIVE PACKAGE OF AUTOGRAPHED GAME PROGRAMS FROM THE 2009 SEASON!

*Orders will arrive by the launch date of October 12.

^CoachCal.com Staff, Was on my way to the school & after having some
 Spalding's Bakery donuts brought to the office last week, I had 2 
stop in 2 thank the good folks 4 thinking of our staff. Not quite 
sure how they knew we liked sweet, fried delicious things but they 
sure had us pegged!! My first time here but it won't be my last - 
enjoying learning about the history of this Lexington institution!!
 Loving it!! Any1 know this pretty lady?!?!, Haven't had a Coach Cal's Book Club post in a bit, so here's what I picked up today at B&N (Do you think I'll ever use my Kindle?? Dash may use it before I do!!): 
"Warren 
Buffett's Management Secrets"; "Poorer 
Richard's America: What Would Ben Say?"; & "1959: The 
Year Everything Changed."
Any guesses on what sparked my interest in the last title?!?!, CONTEST UPDATE: 4 Coach Cal Followers on 4sqaure have been sent friend 
requests from Coach Calipari. Each of those 4sqaure Followers have been 
"friended" by Coach. If ur one of the 4 new friends, Email: contests@coachcal.com & use subject line: "I'm W/Cal on 4Square"

Also, Coach's Tues visit to Winchester (below) has already been 
formed into an info-packed article!!!: http://bit.ly/WinchesterSunCal, Okay BBN - time to show how our united efforts can help make a difference: I am giving away 4 signed EASY Buttons from Staples (only 24 like them in the world!!!) to randomly selected followers who do these TWO things:
1. Follow Staples on Twitter @StaplesTweets & pick a charity to support http://bit.ly/9zOjZK
2. Sign up to follow Coach on Foursquare: http://4sq.com/Cal4Square
We will choose our winners from those who follow BOTH @StaplesTweets on Twitter AND Coach Cal on Foursquare., Great news! Mark Krebs's book, "Beyond a Dream" is now available for purchase on-line: http://bit.ly/DreamKrebs
Coach Cal said after reading it, "Just incredible - you understand how amazing Mark, Terri & the whole Krebs family is. It's a must read for UK fans, but also for fans of great storytelling.", Loved feeling the energy of our students at last nite's Student Lottery 4 Big Blue Madness tix. Thx 2 every1 who made the effort & for those that didn't get tix, remember we will hav another student-only practice this year.
Wanted to share these framed photos with u - Can u imagine, the grandson of a coal miner is the head coach at UK & snapping pictures with MJ and LBJ??? I am truly blessed., Check out the video of exactly how easy it is to be one of Coach Cal's Contest winners by following Coach Cal on Foursquare. 
^CoachCal.com Staff, 1st & foremost, condolences to the friends & loved ones of George Blanda.
I want 2 thank the UK students I just visited with over at Memorial. They r there 4 the Big Blue Madness lottery & it showed me yet again y we have the greatest student body in the nation.
Here r the winners of my personal WEG tickets, UK Srs. Mary McGuire and Allyson Pierce. Follow me on 4sqaure & u can win prizes too!, We have a winner! Stay tuned..., Contest is now underway! Tick tock. Where could I be?, ATTN: UK STUDENTS
RE: FLASH WEG FOURSQUARE CONTEST
WHEN: RIGHT NOW

Now is the time to follow Coach Calipari on Foursquare if you want to win WEG tickets in the next 15 minutes! Only one clue is given in the form of Coach checking in on Foursquare at his next location.  The first person to find Coach at this location and say "I want WEG tickets!" is the winner., I'm getting ready 2 head over 2 Urban Active at Palomar 4 an open house & book signing. If u've never been in a UA facility, 2nite is the nite to check it out - THE best, anywhere. Royce Pulliam's staff is committed 2 helping you get the most of out of ur membership. I've seen how they work & the attention they give clients & it's off the charts. See you in a bit at the UA, Palomar. Signed books, giveaways & more!!, We've got about a week & a half left of recruiting & I'm doing several events w/rotary clubs, alumni groups, charities, etc b4 Big Blue Madness Oct. 15. Then I shut just about all that stuff down & all I do is coach my team. I get locked in on bball & as u know that's what I love best! The other stuff is great - nothing better than being out w/the Citizens of the BBN. But I CAN'T WAIT to get to coaching this team!!!, Busy week ahead & so much positive buzz 4 the WEG - all well-earned. Brad & his buddy went to the Park Sunday & really enjoyed it. Brad was begging 4 the HUGE John Deere tractor, but when I told him he'd have 2 do the lawn he piped down!!
Don't 4get tonight's special OPEN TO THE PUBLIC book signing/open house at my guy Royce Pulliam's Urban Active location at Palomar. Starts at 5 w/ giveaways & all sorts of fun., Calm down everyone!!! Ellen & I were proud to b at the home of Texas Roadhouse's GJ & Heather Hart 4 the 32nd annual Cancer Survivors party. It's done in conjunction w/ the Ride to Conquer Cancer organized by Nortons Hospital & this year’s Louisville Metro Police Foundation’s “Boots, Badges, & Bids” event held last nite. The Harts r super, super people. And it was just a quick shot w the bird I swear!!!, Don't be alarmed folks but there will probably be a few pictures of me w the dreaded Lville Cardinal mascot!! Fear not. It was for a good cause that I'll tell u about soon. All in good fun!!!, I'm still smiling when I think about last night's Alltech FEI WEG Opening Ceremonies. A truly special night & something ALL of us should be proud of. 
Want to send out prayers to the performer who took ill during the ceremonies & share the prayers of the BBN w/that person. 
If you get a chance, check out my photos from last night: http://bit.ly/WEGOpening
Enjoy your Sunday & appreciate how blessed we all are to live in this wonderful state., It was a special nite 4 our State, our city & our community as the Alltech FEI World Equestrian Games officially began Saturday nite.
Sitting near Dr. Lyons, Gov. Beshear, Mayor Newberry, Jim Host & so many of the key figures in bringing this dream into reality, I was struck by the unity & single purpose of all those folks. Then, to have THE Greatest there? Mr. Ali, I'm humbled to be in ur presence. UNBELIEVABLE!, The BBN never ceases 2 amaze me - thank u 4 all ur kind words. I have shared them w/my mom & she lights up when she hears of ur support.
Want to share 1 thing I gave to the team yesterday. It was 2 definitions of the word, "FOCUS." The 1st was the standard Merriam-Webster meaning. The next was my definition: "Being able to perform your job at a high level, on a daily basis, while adversity swirls." If we have that kind of focus this year, we will all have fun., In Charlotte with my mother. Keep those prayers coming. She had chemo today but she's doing fine. Big Saturday ahead for our state. WEG start up and Joker goes into The Swamp. Good luck, Men!! Go Big Blue!, Thx to every1 who is now following @StaplesTweets. We will hav more 
Coach Cal-signed Easy Buttons next wk. 
Just got great news from my 
guy, Royce Pulliam, at Urban Active. Monday's 5 p.m. book signing at UA Palomar
 is now open 2 the PUBLIC!!! Free, signed book while they last & 
current UA members (or members by Mon @ 7 pm) can enter to win 4 premium
 UK Basketball tix (Drawing at 7, must b present 2 win). THE BEST 
fitness centers I've ever seen. C u there!!, All right BBN - we r not messin around anymore. Let's get this Staples partnership REALLY cooking. U can help enrich the lives of young people in need, just by following @StaplesTweets on Twitter. U even get 2 help choose the worthy charity. 
Once u become a follower, email ur Twitter handle to: contests@coachcal.com. We will select 4 random winners to receive a UNIQUE Coach Cal-signed Easy Button - Now, isn't THAT easy?!?!, The WEG are just a day away, but the spirit of these games is already shining through. Check out this story (below) from CoachCal.com on the Alltech Haitian Harmony group now visiting Lexington. 
ALSO: Get ready from Coach Cal-signed Easy Buttons as our Staples #Follow4aCause efforts to help @StaplesTweets followers continue to grow. . . 
^CoachCal.com Staff, An important message on Campus Safety from Coach Calipari can be found below. Please, whether you're a student, faculty or staff member, take time to watch it & then take extra time & attention to practice "Awareness and Avoidance" when traversing campus. There is SAFETY in numbers!! Go Big Blue!, We had another strong workout Wed. afternoon. Spoke w/the team on some things I borrowed from Lou Holtz (spent some time with several years back when he was at SC). "The goal is more important than your role," was 1 we discussed & also had Tayshaun speak w/the guys about teamwork & unity. I want them 2 understand that indiviaul accomplishments r about ego, but u leave ur legacy w/ a TEAM., Lexington Rotary is still looking 4 volunteers to work @ WEG thru Rotary and its campaign to eradicate the crippling disease polio. Go to www.Rotary-WEG.org to register & volunteer. 
Also, watch tomorrow for more 1-of-a-kind giveaways in our Follow4aCause campaign with @StaplesTweets. U even get to help choose the charity. So, follow Staples & then spread the news! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Checking my calendar 4 next wk & I'm so pumped 2 b launching an alliance w/Royce Pulliam & his fantastic fitness chain, Urban Active on Mon, 9/27 @ 5:30 pm @ the Palomar location. It's a UA Members ONLY book signing & I hope all of UA's dedicated (& buff!) members & Royce's incredible staff will stop by 2 say hello. Details at UA clubs. BTW, did u know UA was voted America's 3rd healthiest gym by Health.com?, All sorts of great stuff at CoachCal.com 2day to get u juiced about the season: Episode 2 of Cal's Mailbag is posted - find out how difficult it is to take the Mean and Nimble One to the Vet: http://bit.ly/Calmbag2
 Also, CC.com contributor Ken Howlett begins a 3-part look at the pre-season bball magazines and how they treat the Cats: http://bit.ly/LindysPrev
 ^CoachCal.com Staff, Only 3 days to the WEG!! In celebration, we hav 3 collector items packages signed by Coach Cal w/memorabilia from last yr's magical season. Pkgs contain game programs, stat sheets or game notes. 
In order to be eligible 4 the random drawing, commenters need 2 use the phrase, "I'm excited for the Alltech WEG because. . ." Winners will b notified thru Facebook. Have fun with it!!! I can't wait!!!, Tickets 4 our Blue-White scrimmage go on sale 
Oct. 5. Tix are available by visiting the UK Ticket Office or 
calling 1.800.928.2287. Fans can also get tickets by 
calling the Rupp Box Office (859.233.3535) or online at 
UKathletics.com & TicketMaster.com. Cost is $10.
ON my way back from west coast recruiting - saw the Big Blue Nation's citizens everywhere we went!!! Love it!!, Thanks to every1 who helped us on our 1st day of teaming w/Staples to raise money for several charities. BBN came through huge as always, but we still have a ways 2 go. We will be giving both announced & random prizes to selected people who follow @StaplesTweets on Twitter. Confirm you are an @StaplesTweets follower by emailing ur Twitter handle to: contests@coachcal.com - Stay tuned 4 more great giveaways & thanks for helping!!, We've had 2 winners so far 4 our Follow @StaplesTweets contest - both have been notified by email. 
All u need 2 do 2 is become a Twitter 
follower of @StaplesTweets & then vote at page below. The 
500th user 2 prove they follow @StaplesTweets will get 
a unique Cal signed item. Send ur Twitter handle to: Contests@coachcal.com - 
we will confirm u r a Stapes follower & notify winners via email. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Tickets for the 2010 Big Blue Madness at Rupp Arena will be available Saturday, Oct. 2, at 7 a.m., at the Memorial Coliseum ticket windows on Euclid Avenue and online at UKathletics.com and Ticketmaster.com. Madness, the first open practice opportunity for Kentucky’s 2010-11 men’s and women’s basketball teams, is Friday, Oct. 15 and will be part of ESPNU’s coverage of Midnight Madness across the nation., Ok, BBN - huge week here in the Bluegrass. I've got some recruiting to do, we have Lville tip off dinner on Thurs & WEG starts on Satur. 
B4 all that I need ur help. I have teamed w/Staples 2 raise $$ 4 several charities. All u need 2 do to help is become a Twitter follower of @StaplesTweets & then vote at page below.
The 1st, 100th and 500th user to prove they follow @StaplesTweets will get unique signed items. Send ur Twitter handle to: Contests@coachcal.com - we will confirm u r a Stapes follower & notify winners via email., Heading out in a little bit 4 some left coast recruiting - always exciting 2 c the BBN in different parts of the country - WE ARE EVERYWHERE!!
2 important items 4 u: 
1. Happy birthday to my ex-player & current Big Cuz teammate in Sacramento, Tyreke Evans. You can't imagine how happy I am  they will play together.
2. Would love 4 u all to check out the link below. Thrilled 2 be able 2 team w/Staples CEO, KY native & Big Blue diehard Ron Sargent for this incredible opportunity., COACH CAL HAS SOMETHING TO TELL YOU: Listen to his latest Lexy & find out about the message he delivered to the team at Saturday's hourlong workout.
If you miss a Lexy, you miss a LOT. Text: "Add Coach Cal" to 68948 & never miss what COACH CAL HAS TO TELL YOU., Read a great 1 from Albert Einstein this A.M. & I'll share w/team 2day: "Everything that can b counted does not necessarily 
count; everything that counts cannot necessarily b counted." Translation to me: If you're playing 4 individ stats, ur missing the point. You need 2 b the teammate u want 2 play with & sacrifice 4 the others. That's what our team did so well last yr.
Please b sure 2 check out our 1st episode of "Cal's Mailbag" at CoachCal.com: http://bit.ly/MailBag1, Here's a little bit of perspective which we ALL probably need: UMass Band Dir. George N. Parks, a colleague of mine at UMass & truly 1 of the best of the best, died Thurs.
http://bit.ly/CALGPARKS
 George led what is known as "The Power & Class of New England" & they were every bit of that title. He was a great supporter of our program in the 90s. Plz pray 4 George & his friends/fam., Here it is folks... the premiere of our newest online series, "The Mailbag", presented by CoachCal.com. Enjoy!
^CoachCal.com Staff, Chad Rumford found us at The Opera House who'll be hosting an event during WEG. That's all folks! Congrats to our winners and let's get ready for WEG!!!
^CoachCal.com, 30 minutes on the clock! You have to find the man guarding this bag and tell him "I WANT WEG TICKETS" and you'll walk away with that and plenty more! Checking in on Foursquare in 5 minutes. Good luck, this is the LAST bag!
^CoachCal.com Staff, Nolan Jez is your winner... another sprinter SCREAMING through 5/3 Pavilion!!  Nolan says he just got hit by car last week and this was definitely an improvement. Stay tuned for the last one!, 30 minutes on the clock! First person to find us and say "I WANT WEG TICKETS!" is the winner. We'll check in on Foursquare in 5 minutes. Good luck!
^CoachCal.com Staff, The last two WEG bags are on their way to the locations. The contest will start in the next hour! The theme for this afternoon has been expanded from ticket kiosks to "WEG Event Locations"... stay tuned.
^CoachCal.com, Here they are everyone! Fan Outfitters has caught WEG fever and added four t-shirts into the last two bags. These things are full!  Stay tuned this afternoon for the big giveaway!
^CoachCal.com Staff, On behalf of Coach Calipari, his Twitter Man, DeWayne Peevy, & the UK Basketball program, we want to thank Ace Weekly 4 honoring Coach w/Best Lex Twitter & Best Ambassdaor 4 Lexington!! http://bit.ly/ACETHX
Our Facebook monitors felt shunned until we explained this is a team award & just as on the court, every1 wins when 1 of us wins!!!
Hope u r getting psyched 4 our final TWO WEG gift bag giveaways - just 1 week til the WEG. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Can you believe it? The World Equestrian Games are only a week away! I spoke with Dr. Lyons from Alltech and we both agree that we will send the last two prize packages out tomorrow to one of the many officially authorized WEG ticket kiosk locations right here in Lexington. That was the first clue and this will be your last chance. So tell me, WHO WANTS WEG TICKETS?, Getting ready 4 some recruiting travel later in the weekend but I was very happy to be able to join our players today as we visited area elementary schools in conjunction w/our work w/God's Pantry. I absolutely love getting out in the community w/our guys & stressing the importance of education to youngsters. Huge credit goes to our AD, Mitch Barnhart, 4 making events like these possible 4 all our student-athletes. It's really what being part of the UK family is all about., We were able to get on the court w/the team today & it felt great to be back in the gym. We've still got some learning to do on "how" we practice but Eloy was picking things up really well & the "veterans" were doing a good job of helping out the young guys. Still some bumps & bruises but we'll be ready when we start practicing regularly. One month away from the MADNESS!! Go Big Blue!!, Can you guys believe we're just a month away from Big Blue Madness? I can't!! Seems like the season just ended, doesn't it? Really looking forward to coaching this group & hope everyone will show the same patience & confidence shown to last year's team. We struggled early on, remember, but we improved every day & we ENJOYED THE PATH together. Go Big Blue!!!, With recruiting & travel occupying my mind & time I was negligent in wishing our world-class trainer, Chris Simmons, a very happy birthday this past Saturday. Chris came w/us from Memphis & is one of the best in the business - a true pro who always puts the student-athletes 1st. Happy belated bday, Chris & thanks 4 all u do for our program., UK players and staff packed bags for God's Pantry's Backpack program Tuesday afternoon. Here's some video of their efforts. The team will deliver the bags on Thursday afternoon: ^CoachCal.com Staff, Ever had the urge to spend 2 hours w/Coach Cal? 
Check out this video from CoachCal.com & get those 2 hours in 4 minutes!! Watch as Coach kicked off the paperback "Bounce Back" tour at Joseph Beth Books in Lex on Aug. 31. Ride w/Cal, Sign w/Cal & Listen to Cal. Great stuff from our partners at WebMedley. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Just a reminder that Coach Calz Crazy Bandz, Version 1.0 are being sold on-line (& in-store) at Pannell Swimshop (http://bit.ly/94Kumm) & throughout the state at select retailers. The Version 1.0 supplies r running low & Ver. 2.0 will be arriving in time 4 the start of UK's SEC FB schedule. Any guesses on what the 6 NEW shapes are in Ver. 2.0? Random commenter guesses will b chosen 2 receive free Bandz. . . Hav fun with it. ^CoachCal.com Staff, You guys have done it again! The paperback version of "Bounce Back" debuted at No. 2 on the USA Today Money books list: http://bit.ly/USATPBACK
When we wrote the book we hoped we'd be able 2 impact even a few people. But now, after making best-seller lists in both hardcover & paperback, it's humbling to think how many folks we've been able to reach. 
Thanks to all of u who have supported the book - we are 4ever grateful., Big week of recruiting ahead & also getting ready for the final countdown to the World Equestrian Games. You can really feel the excitement growing all around Lexington and I urge you to check out all the great events that will accompany this world-class display: http://bit.ly/aXsqGi, Got a text back from Derrick Rose after I sent one congratulatung him & telling him he's the "The best point guard in the WORLD." He replied, "Thanks Coach, Love you." Doesn't get much better than that for a Coach. Happy 4 Coach K, Coach Boeheim & the whole staff and of course Mr. Colangelo., What a joy to watch Team USA bring home the gold! Seeing Derrick Rose get that medal put around his neck was really special. He's such a great kid & so deserving of the success he is having because of the way he works. Oh, & the Steelers won!! (You know I love the Bengals too - but that was a great finish to the PITT-ATL game!), NFL back in full force which I love, but gotta watch the FIBA World Championship's title game with Team USA vs. Turkey. So proud of my ex-point guard, Derrick Rose for the way he has played & handled himself while representing our country. Such a thrill to see our guys accomplish their goals & do it on the biggest stage in the world. Going to be a hostile building, but DRose is used to that!! USA! USA! USA!, Ellen & I went to the Roots & Heritage Festival 2day w/PG Peeples & some of his family & all I can say is: Make sure you check it out: http://bit.ly/aCBUpc
There's so much there 4 every1 from soaps 2 shirts 2 hand carvings - u name it, it's there. & the food? I had grilled corn in the husk with salt, pepper & butter. WOW! Ellen said it right: The city is so alive w/all that is going on. LOVE IT!!, Can't get in2 FB pre-game mode until we r able to collectively commeorate 9/11 & honor all those who gave their life on the day of that despicable act. I was about to go recruiting & was on the treadmill watching as the 2nd plane hit. I was just stunned like, "What the. . . ?" & then I thought of all the families affected; the civil servants; the clergy; our nation. Let's say a prayer & appreciate all we have., Congrats to the UK Hall of Fame Class of 2010 inductees. Sorry to have missed the ceremony last nite. I was at the UMass HOF dinner to introduce Marcus Camby. Incredible to see the skinny young boy transform into a skinny NBA veteran! So proud of him and honored to have coached him. To see what a class guy he is, please watch his speech if you get a chance: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7KtKYP1zXU&feature=youtube_g, Up in MA for tonight's Hall of Fame dinner for Marcus Camby - they told me he's 36 years old & I about fell off my seat. If he's 36, I must be like 100!! A tremendous young man who turned into an upstanding & charitable  man. This is a nite to celebrate UMass Basketball - all that other stuff? That's 4 the haters. We all know who they r.
                      Don't forget: Dawn is Coming, Big Blue Nation!!! - Don't be left
 in the dark. Find out what gave Coach Cal "chills": http://bit.ly/DawnCCcom 
Pre-Orders being taken at
 UK Team Shop: http://bit.ly/UKTeamPgDawn, Some restructuring in the UK Ath. Dept. that 
will benefit our program, UK student-athletes & the Univ. as a 
whole. I'm happy 4 "Twitter Man" DeWayne Peevy on his promotion 2 Sr. 
Assoc
 AD. I've said it 2 him & publicly: he's the best I've been 
around. Also looking 4ward 2 working more w/Mark Coyle on a daily 
basis - A great guy, very deserving & I'm glad Mitch 
gave him the chance., Brad Baker is our latest winner who found us at the new Fan Outfitters in Hamburg Shopping Centre! Congrats to Brad!, First to find the man with this bag and say "I want WEG tickets!" is the winner. Well check in on Foursquare in 10 minutes., You think being out on the recruiting trail is all
 laughs & giggles?  Today is gonna be a little bit bumpy - I feel like the Red (or perhaps Blue) Baron!
Not sure if you can see it, but I'm wearing a bracelet given to me by Kevin Massey - I'll have more information on them next week & we'll give away some 2. 
Don't forget Dawn is Coming! Learn more: 
http://bit.ly/DawnCCcom, It's been kind of quiet lately, so let's ramp up for another giveaway!  The next contest will begin in the next hour and will be somewhere on this map.
^CoachCal.com Staff, Dawn is Coming, Big Blue Nation!!! - Don't be 
left in the dark. Find out what gave Coach Cal "chills": http://bit.ly/DawnCCcom
 Watch for
 more details, giveaways & sneak peeks.Pre-Orders being taken at
 UK Team Shop: http://bit.ly/UKTeamPgDawn ... 

Also, Coach spent a few minutes w/ the inspiring Kevin Massey today in Indy: http://bit.ly/domj6V
^CoachCal.com Staff, Heading out on the road 4 recruiting. Can't believe I'm saying this, but recruiting will give me a bit of down time! Past 10 days hav been HECTIC!
1. Sat is United Way Day at Commonwealth Stadium. Let's fill the collection buckets again this year & help a great org.!
2. 15 days til the WEG. Reason #30 to attend: U can c the entire state in 1 place. All 9 tourism regions will b in the KY Experience exhibit., Kim Wise of Georgetown is our winner of WEG Tix. Do u hav ur Tix yet??!!, We hav a winner, Anyone know where this is? Skinny jeans not allowed. Phrase that pays will be on Coach's FourSquare. Find the man w the bag and give him the phrase., Get ready for 2 night time WEG goody bag giveaways to win WEG tickets and CoachCal.com gear. 1st stop in a place where there may be Hoya Paranoia. U need to b on Coach's 4Square in order to win. Clue coming soon., Was able to attend the funeral of Coach S.T. 
Roach earlier today. It was a celebration of a great man's life & a 
life well-lived. Coach Roach's legacy was how he lived his life, how he 
treated his family & his special ability to move people w/out having
 to bowl them over. Had the pleasure of sitting next to a former player
 of Coach's, Davey Whitney, & it was incredible to hear the reverence he had 4 Coach Roach., Coach Cal explains why reconnecting w/the Big Blue Nation has made this book tour just as important as last year's:
http://bit.ly/9gMRB4
Also, don't forget it's United Way Day at Commonwealth Stadium this Saturday. Let's fill the buckets & again show our Big Blue Hearts to a group that does so much 4 our communities.
^CoachCal.com Staff, Had a nice morning at the Horse Park w/Dr. Lyons & got a tour of all the hustle & bustle going on in preparation for the WEG. I can't believe no one won our Foursquare prize pack this morning!! You're letting me down BBN!! But there will be more to come. Be sure to join Foursquare & follow me: http://4sq.com/9EPbMq
 We plan on using it more & more and you don't want to be left out!!, Time's up! No winner was able to find us at The Alltech Experience Pavilion at the Kentucky Horse Park. Stay tuned for the next one!, Only 10 minutes left!, There are over 300 new structures here..., First to find us and say "I want WEG tickets" is the winner. This one is an easy one!, Couple of late-in-the-day birthday wishes & a link to enjoy some photos of Coach Cal taken in Louisville on Saturday: http://bit.ly/b0WCRv
 Happy Bday to John Wall - Spoke w/him 2day & he wants u all 2 know he misses everybody!!
Also cakes-a-cookin for UK Media Relations Office 
Coordinator Jamie Holloway, a key member of DeWayne Peevy's team!!!, In honor of Labor Day, let's take a minute 2 give some credit & love 2 the workers who make this country so great. I come from a family of laborers. So much of my work ethic & drive comes from seeing them sweat & toil, day in & day out. People ask why I travel so 
much across the State?: Helping others financially is 1 thing but giving of urself 2 people is invaluable. 
Seeing the smiles of the BBN is worth it., Coach Cal's Facebook Follies!!:
See what put Coach on "Cloud 9" this past week in the video below:, Had a nice afternoon w/the Shelbyville alumni group & I want to thank everyone 4 welcoming Ellen & Erin w/such open arms. They were both signing autographs & posing for pics!! People didn't even want see me once they knew my wife & daughter were there!! Makes sense; they r prettier than me!!! Hope every1 is enjoying the long weekend., Coach Cal just posted a new Lexycast at the re-designed www.lexy.com. Visit the site or call: (415) 754-0938. U can also subscribe for free by texting: 'Add Coach Cal' to 68948. Hear directly from Coach and get the REAL scoop. ^CoachCal.com Staff, A picture perfect Sunday in the Bluegrass. So happy for Joker and the guys - 8 months of hard work, sweat and tears pays off w/a debut win. And my longtime friend Ray "Rock" Oliver again proves why he's the best in his biz. Book-signing in Shelbyville this afternoon. Go Big Blue!, Winding down a long day but I'm still so pumped from the game I hardly even need a car to get home!! Good friends Karen & Todd Blue hosted a fantastic 'Welcome Back' party 4 Kenny Payne tonite & Joker & the team were the talk of the party. So good to be Blue today all around!!! B safe & enjoy the long weekend., Just saw Joker and the team in locker room. Game faces r on!! Someone let Coach Phillips know my spiral is TIGHT!!! Just had a 40 yard pass. Looking for a trainer and some ice! What a great day to be a Cat!! Soak it all in and b safe., My man John Stokes, the owner of Triton Stone. John and his wife, Anne r dear friends from Memphis. Friends for life like so many Memphians. Great to share memories w/him. John and Anne aren't just fans of Ellen and me, they r loyal supporters of the univ. and city of Memphis. True treasures., Just back from the Bob Huggins Roast & fundraiser in Morgantown. Special night that began w/the great people of Bell County. Few hours of sleep then off to Lville for a book signing at Triton Stone (11a.m.) & then to stadium to support Joker in his debut. Let's all enjoy ourselves, be safe, be classy & be proud of OUR Cats!! Go Big Blue!!, The newest WEG attendee, Will May, found us at the home of the Yellow Jackets in 8 minutes! That one wasn't even that easy. Thanks for playing and keep checking back for details about the next round., Last prize package... first to find us wins. No clue but the picture.
^CoachCal.com Staff, Karen Ackinson is our winner, arriving at TAC Air - in just 11 minutes - just as I am catching a flight to Middlesboro for tonight's leg of the book tour. My staff is heading to the next location which is on the map posted earlier. No one around here pronounces this next place like the French would., We have our winner! Stay tuned for pictures. And she's going to be on the news! Wow!  Next contest coming soon..., First of two contests... 30 minutes starts NOW!  Many of our WEG guests will pass through this tactical place. Next clue via Foursquare in 10 minutes. First person to approach the man holding the bag and say "I want WEG tickets!" is the winner., Rumor has it there will be a couple more Alltech WEG & CoachCal.com prize packages given away again this afternoon. We were able to take a picture of the map Coach Calipari is looking at as he plans where to dispatch the prizes to. Something will probably happen mid to late afternoon so stay tuned.
^CoachCal.com Staff, Hey, maybe we r onto something again, huh?!?!? http://www.wkyt.com/home/headlines/102119059.html
Stay tuned for more Alltech WEG prize packs and fun. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Please join me in sending our condolences to the family of former Dunbar High School basketball coach S.T. Roach who passed away today. Not only was he a legendary coach but he was an even better person who gave a lot to Lexington and will be sorely missed., Congrats to Lucas Taylor who found us in 11 minutes!  That's all for now. Thanks for playing and stay tuned for our next giveaway! Is everyone enjoying this contest? Should we do more in the coming days?, 30 minutes on the clock... only using the picture as a clue this time. Good luck! Next clue comes in 15 minutes., That was too easy!  Ben Self is the winner... he was sprinting!  Give us a few more minutes to setup somewhere else and well do it again!, Put 30 minutes on the clock! The first person to approach the man holding this bag and say "I want to go to WEG!" is the winner. The next clue comes in 15 minutes. Here's the first clue... we are at the site of some famous celebrations., Here's a pic of what's up for grabs. Two WEG tickets, autographed copy of Bounce Back, autographed Crazy Bandz, and an assortment of WEG & CoachCal.com shirts, hats, pins... contest starts in 30 minutes.
^CoachCal.com Staff, Were spending some extra time with the Kentucky Small Business Association this afternoon, so we're going to have to delay our contest until 3:30PM so we can get back to campus. Stay tuned!
^CoachCal.com Staff, Coach Calipari will be dispatching the first Alltech FEI World Equestrian Games/CoachCal.com prize package in today's Foursquare contest to a place somewhere on this map.
^CoachCal.com Staff, I want to send out a big THANK YOU to all the students who came to the SAB Lecture Series last night. We have the best and brightest students ANYWHERE. Loved sharing time with them. Also - coincidence? -  our first Foursquare contest kicks off today at 2:30PM... stay tuned!, Were you at Coach's book signing on Tuesday night at JoBeth? If u were, see if u can find urself in these fabulous photos from Chad Hobson at WebMedley: http://bit.ly/tourpixJB
Also, if ur not on Foursqaure yet, now is the time 2 join. Great prizes & giveaways coming in the next few days but you can't win if ur not following Coach Cal on Foursquare!! More info: http://bit.ly/4squarelaunch, The Bluegrass State will host the World Equestrian Games in just 23 days and Coach Calipari has teamed with Alltech for our first ever Foursquare contest. Since you're reading this, you'll see the first clue here on Facebook but you'll need to be following Coach Calipari on Foursquare to get the second clue. The first of five packages will be given away tomorrow so good luck to everyone!
(CoachCal.com Staff), Had a great kickoff to the paperback "Bounce Back" tour last night at Joseph Beth. I'm about to head over to Barnes and Noble at the Hamburg Pavillion for a noon-time signing (I'm running a bit late, so hang on if you're in line - be there soon!!)
Looking forward to speaking to a group of students on campus tonight. UK Students only - hope to see you there: http://bit.ly/bfOsIe, Look out for an upcoming feature on CoachCal.com called "Coach Cal's Mailbag" where will be taking questions from you, the fans, for Coach to answer. To kick this off, leave your pre-season questions for Coach Calipari in the comments below and we'll get them answered. And remember, let's have a little fun with this!
(CoachCal.com Staff), As we close out August and turn to September, be sure to keep an eye on the CoachCal.com calendar for upcoming events. Wednesday, I'll be on campus for the Student Advisory Board event and Thursday at the Embassy Suites for the Kentucky Small Business Association. More info available at CoachCal.com. You guys ready for this season yet!?!?, Bill Keightley, Adrian Smith, and back flips? Be sure to listen to the latest from Coach Cal and don't forget to check out Lexy's newest contributor, UK Hoops coach Matthew Mitchell, by going to http://coachmitchell.lexy.com.
(CoachCal.com Staff), I'm doing back flips into the pool w/Brad. 
Great weekend & an exciting week ahead. Oh, and I'm a man of my 
word!!!
Picture 2 of 2 - . . . GO!!!, I'm doing back flips into the pool w/Brad. Great weekend and an exciting week ahead. Oh, and I'm a man of my word!!!
Picture 1 of 2 - Ready, Set. . ., Coach Cal & Ellen went book shopping Sat. & aside from c'ing early copies of "Bounce Back" in paperback, Coach Cal picked up these titles:

"Coach Wooden 1 on 1" by Jay Carty; "Enough." by John C. Bogle; “Don’t Sweat the Small Stuff," by Richard Carlson (Ellen's Choice 4 me!); "The Prodigal Son," by John MacArthur; & a bk that had a big impact on Coach 35 yrs ago, "The Greatest Salesman in the World" by Og
Mandino., Happy Birthday to the best in the business, Michael Stone, our academic adviser. Mike and everyone in C.A.T.S. make sure our guys get it done in the classroom. He's received numerous awards & I see why.  He gets results. (Coming later tonite: Coach Cal's back to school book list!!! ^CoachCal.com Staff), Just a really special night for Coach Brooks out at the gorgeous Gainesway Farm. He is a special man & it's great to see all these people who appreciate the fantastic job he did rebuilding this football program. 
This picture I'm sharing w/you is one I know I will cherish for a long time to come. Coach Brooks and Coach Phillips are flat out winners. Go Big Blue!!!, Looking 4ward to sharing in the event 2 honor Coach Brooks 2nite at Gainesway Horse Farm. Tix available at door ($250 single/$450 couple) - benefits Coach Brooks's Fndtn: http://bit.ly/cp8KC7
Also, I've been negligent in mentioning the Chilean miners trapped underground. Let's show the people of Chile what the BBN's compassion is all about. Send thoughts & prayers 2 their everyday heroes., On behalf of the Big Blue Nation, I'd like to wish our fantastic athletic director, Mitch Barnhart, a very happy birthday. Some people see a mountain and think it's an obstacle; Mitch sees a mountain & he climbs it - literally and figuratively!!! It's been great working w/him and his entire staff & I look forward to many more good times ahead. I hope you enjoy your day Mitch & thank for all you do., Coach Cal Has Something to Tell You. . . On Lexy:
Coach gives you inside scoop on media training for the players; getting back to a full and bustling campus; and find out the 1 thing that makes Coach Cal say, "That is not in my job description!"
A thoroughly entering 2 minutes to start ur weekend.
Call: 415-754-0938; Visit - http://bit.ly/FriLexy0827
 or sign up by texting "ADD COACH CAL" to 68948, Starting next week: Coach Cal's paperback Pep Rally Tour for "Bounce Back":
http://bit.ly/TourBB 
Also, keep an eye out for some real-time social media integration during the tour that will allow fans to win signed packs of Calz Crazy Bandz:  http://www.coachcal.com/coach-calz-crazy-bandz/
         Twitter, Facebook, Lexy, Foursquare, CoachCal.com - HOW DO YOU GET YOUR COACH CAL CONTENT? Stay Informed. . ., Big Blue Nation, all you women 
are crazy! Nearly 300 have already signed up for our Women's Clinic on 
Oct. 6.  We're gonna have some fun! Our Women's Clinic (Oct. 6) & Coaches Clinic 
(Oct. 30) are both accepting registrations. Don't wait! Sign up: http://tinyurl.com/2e9umol, Just released our 2010-11 basketball schedule:  http://bit.ly/al7EPl
Here's a clean version of it.  http://twitpic.com/2ie84i
UK's Blogger Eric Lindsey does a thorough breakdown of our 
schedule.  Check it out here: http://tinyurl.com/38wlgf7
Times & TV info for the remaining games will 
be announced at a later date.  
What do you think of it? All I know is we will be everyone's Super Bowl - and we love that don't we?, For my spiritual friends, I just
 completed 'Forgotten God' by Francis Chan.         
                            

            I'm going 2 read it again 
because it is powerfully packed w/nuggets to help change lives. I might 
re-read 'Crazy Love' which I read 6 months ago. I've been watching a bio on Thomas Jefferson & 
saw he could read 5 books at 1 time w/a special stand. I usually read
 2, but 5 is a bit much!!, Coach Cal is spending a final few days w/the family b4 the start of the paperback Pep Rally Tour for "Bounce Back." We hope you'll be able to get out & show your Big Blue pride w/Coach & fellow BBN citizens at any of the stops. CoachCal.com has details here: http://bit.ly/fbbbpeprallytour
Links for ticket info are found under the EVENTS tab at CoachCal.com
Hope to see you "on tour!!!"
^CoachCal.com Staff, Just got done putting Brad through a work out 
& he needed a t-shirt to wear home. What does everyone think of this
 1 sent to me by my friend Mark? (Pittsburgh people will understand it 
immediately - the rest of you may need a refresher course on 
Pittsburghese from this site: http://bit.ly/dontbeajag)
 It's good advice 4 everyone!!! (Yes, 
that's Coach O laughing in the background!!), We will be part of ESPN's 
College Basketball GameDay once again on our visit to Florida (Feb. 5) 
this season http://es.pn/aXRdWn, Check out www.CoachCal.com for a Facebook Fast Break interview with Patrick Patterson on the home page.
You can also order your Calz Crazy Bandz and check out the schedule for Coach's paperback "Bounce Back" Pep Rally Tour. ^CoachCal.com Staff, A couple of reminders: The Alltech Games 
YouTube contest has 1 week left! 90 Seconds of Creativity could earn you
 $1,000 and tickets to the Alltech FEI WEG! http://bit.ly/c3duaD 
Also, my 
good friend, Coach Mike Gottfried has a new book out titled, "Wisdom 
From Winners" find out more about it here: http://bit.ly/WisdomFromWinners, The Mean & Nimble One, Dash, hasn't been feeling
 well. Ellen & Megan took him to the vet & he had to be muzzled 
& held down by 3 people. Apparently, he doesn't like having blood drawn & really 
was not a fan of having his temperature taken. Do you blame him?!?! Enjoying some time with Ellen & the kids before every1 gets back to school & routines., Did anyone see this add in the paper on Sunday? We are a month away from the start of the WEG - I'm really looking forward to the event and can't wait for the Opening Ceremonies. Hope everyone is getting their tickets and supporting this world class event that will showcase the best of our Commonwealth, our city and our University., Hoping to see a lot of you at this coming Saturday's Rich Brooks 
Foundation Summer Celebration. Join UK friends & family as we honor 
Coach Brooks upon his retirement. INFO: Gainesway Farm, Sat. Aug 28 at 
6:00 pm.  Go to www.richbrooksfoundation.net to purchase tickets., Coach Calipari on Lexy - He's got something to tell you!!
2 different Lexys: Hear Coach Cal talk about the MJ Flight School, some individual workouts planned for the Cats & the MJ Flight School award winners! Hear the audio tweet: 415-754-0938; visit: http://bit.ly/cbCNlJ or sign up by texting: "Add Coach Cal" to 68948, Congrats 2 Derrick Rose & Team USA on the win 
over Spain.  Seeing DRose make that game-winner brought back memories of
 him as a freshman for me at Memphis. I can still remember how I felt watching from the 
bench & the Team USA coaches know exactly what I'm talking about. 
Remarkable talent. Even better, he's a great person too.  Combined 
w/his work ethic, talent & passion for the game, the sky's the 
limit., Coach Cal tells Drake: "I do like Phil Collins, but I don't light candles!!!"
Visit the NEW CoachCal.com: http://bit.ly/DrakePhilCollins
ALSO: Coach Cal's Women's Clinic (10/6) is filling up fast. SIGN UP SOON, Don't be left out! The Coaches Clinic (10/30) is in Rupp Arena this year & also filling quickly! 
More Clinic info: http://tinyurl.com/2dy96cr
^CoachCal.com Staff, That was a long road trip, but a very educational & rewarding one as well. Our team build a good foundation in Canada and I was able to share in the first-class MJ Senior Flight School camp. It is nice to be back in Lexington & see Ellen & the kids. Hope you all enjoy a peaceful Sunday w/the ones who are dear to you. Go Big Blue!!!, I can't tell u how much fun I had at MJ's Sr Flight School. Hats off 2 organizers including George Raveling, Bill Frieder, Ed Janka, John Thompson, Glenn Wilkes & of course, MJ. It's a 1st class operation & there isn't another camp like it. Gave me great ideas 4 a UK Fantasy Camp!!
Funniest thing: 1 of the player's young daughters came up 2 her dad after the game & asked, "Why are the coaches sweating so much?" LOL!!, I've always liked Ben Howland 
but even more after coaching all week w/ him at MJ Sr. Flight School. We improved like all our
 teams but shot FTs like them too!!! I've invited entire team to a game at Rupp. Even Joe 
who's a Duke grad!!
          
    
  
    Calipari/Howland All-Star Team: Ric Elias, Joe 
Peterson, Denny Fish, Jason Carlock, Steve Sibley, David Olsen, Jason 
Grosfeld & Brian Nord. Thx 4 everything!, Coach Calipari is proud to be taking part in this event on Sept. 2 in Lexington, put on by UK's Small Business Development Center. Coach Cal will give the keynote speech during lunch & will also be signing copies of the paperback version of "Bounce Back" (Releases 9/1) Filling up fast!!!
Tickets and more info: http://bit.ly/djOiw4
^CoachCal.com Staff, Last day in Vegas as the MJ Senior Flight Camp winds down. So happy I was able to take part in this - humbling to be around so many of the great conributors to our game. Had a very nice dinner at Ferraro's Friday. PJ, Caroline, 
Mike Frat, Rav, Jay W, Scott, Ben & Kim.  It's a must stop. (If u do go to Ferraro's, check out my picture located near one of Steeler great Franco Harris!!), Here we are: the Nets! A bunch of great guys and good players, no one and dones!! Great effort by everyone and good chemistry., MJ Senior Flight School Game Update: WE WIN!! ALLSTAR effort by all!! 2-2 going into playoffs. Proud of our guys!! The 'second season' - this is what we play for!!, MJ Senior Flight School Game Update: Tom Hayes made a buzzer beater 
to beat us after my man from DirecTV, David Olsen, hit a clutch 3 to put us up one. (Thought I heard him say, "You can't do it with Cable!" after he hit it, but maybe not!!!) We shot 
30 percent from line - is it me?!?!? Great effort and our guys are playing their hearts out - BBN would love their hustle., Last year's Jordan Camp MVP Rick Schnall went off in last night's late game, scoring 40 points. I thought it was Jodie Meeks out there!!! Funny thing is, we beat Rick's team in our first game - How did we do that? Our club is regrouping after our loss & the guys are in a good mindset for today. 
I snagged this picture from Mike Fratello's website http://mikefratello.com/ - doesn't it look like MJ could still play??, We lost our 2nd game at MJ camp to Doc Rivers and the Bulls. They had a few guys we couldn't stop plus a heady PG that made jumpers. Good effort by our guys and one to grow on. I'm telling our guys, 'Enjoy the path!' But I think they may hav thought I was talking about the path to the blackjack tables!!! Great group we hav, we'll bounce back today!!, Sitting with George Raveling who runs the MJ camp. Still gives me coaching nuggets that are BIG!! Amazing the wealth of knowledge at this camp. Legends of the game., First game result: We were down 10 pts and came back to win!!!  Gave Denny Fish MVP for effort play on a break out!! Having a blast along w/ the players!!!, Check out UK's new interactive website, Kentucky 
Athletics Interactive, at interactive.ukathletics.com. Basketball will 
be added in Oct! Do we have some talented people working in our athletic department or what? Incredible execution and foresight to have this kind of website., Great talk & demo. by Michael. Q&A w/campers was lively. He still oozes w/competitiveness & championship knowledge.
In this picture, the greatest basketball clinician of ALL-time, Hall of Fame Hubie Brown talking to the campers. (Lay off. I'm a coach, not a photographer!!!), MJ Flight School Scouting Report #1 (of 8): David Olsen, 5-10, Santa Monica
We drafted David for 1 simple reason: He's a Senior VP at DirecTV!! The DirecTV commercial we did last year was 1 of the most enjoyable experiences I've had in a long time. Great people. Let's hope David can shoot. Or handle the ball. Or defend!!!
In this picture, 1 of our guys, Ric Elias (Hudson crash survivor) goes 1-on-1 w/MJ. Hope our coaching helps him!!, I was up early in Vegas this a.m. - got in a work-out at 5 a.m. & started planning the offense that Ben Howland & I will put in for our team at the Michael Jordan Senior Flight Camp. One thing for sure: it will be a real easy offense!! Games start 2day so we've got 2 work quickly. You'll get a kick out of our team's name: the Nets!!! Funny, right? Good thing is, I know I'm not getting fired this time!!! (Right, MJ?!), Got 2 learn a bit about B.B. King while we were in Memphis & was able to meet him there a couple of times too. An incredible musician & a true gentleman. A thrill to be able to catch up w/him & spend a few moments talking about a city very dear to both of us. When B.B. was introdcued to the 500 people gathered for the dinner, he got a standing O - it was neat.  http://www.bbking.com/bio/, Okay, BBN - here's "our" roster for the next 3 days. No Kentuckians, but we'll change that next year!! Great group - looking forward to getting to know the guys: Jason Carlock, 6-0, Cornelius, NC; Ric Elias, 6-5, Charlotte, NC; Denny Fish, 5-11, Denver; Jason Grosfeld, 5-10, L.A.; David Olson, 5-10, Santa Monica, CA; Brian Nord, 6-0, Deer Park, IL; Joe Peterson, 6-5, Char.; Steve Sibley 5-9, Matthews, NC, Just finished
 our draft at the Jordan Camp. I'll tweet out our roster after we meet 
w/team. I think we got some quality players & they will adapt 
quickly to the Dribble Drive!!! Coach Howland was looking for a Kevin 
Love & I was looking for a John Wall.

            The greatest thing that happened - our 1st pick was on the flight that crashed into the Hudson. What a story! More 
on him & roster tidbits 2 come., Having a blast at the Jordan Senior Flight School. A tremendous group and an unbelievable line-up of coaches and staff. We are having our draft tonight - Gotta get some studs!!  Ben 
Howland & I are coaching the team together. We'll reveal our draft 
picks later w/some info. The Big Blue Nation will have to adopt our team for the next three days!!!, Here's the Draft Cats photo in larger size - sorry about prior post!!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, I had to pause a minute when I saw this - so proud of our guys and seeing their dreams come true. How many of you will have this as your screen saver starting now???!!!, This only makes sense: If I'm going to learn the "Dougie," then my good friend @UKCoachMitchell should be SINGING 
Fri night @ Moondance in Beaumont Centre at the new amphitheater. Someone please get me 
video!! http://bit.ly/cCHFhr
 I've heard he's very good. Get out and support Coach Mitchell!!!, Just got word that we will have a
 league-high 4 ESPN Super Tuesday games this year with 3 in Rupp 
Arena. http://es.pn/SupTue
I love being able to showcase this great university and the greatest sports fans in America to that national TV audience. Go Big Blue!, Can not wait to get started at the Michael Jordan Senior Flight School camp this morning: http://www.mjseniorflightschool.com/
 It's humbling to be amongst these coaches & giants of the game - Jay Wright, Mike Fratello, PJ Carlesimo, Doc Rivers, Bill Self, Alvin Gentry, Ben Howland - just to name a few. And of course, MJ!
I'll have more from the Camp all week, but for now please check out the next dance my daughters are telling me I need to learn!!  http://bit.ly/CuzWallDougie, Coach Cal's latest Lexy lets you hear directly from the Coach w/final thoughts abt Canada Trip. Includes individ player assessment; the bigggest payoff from the University's investment & more on what Coach Cal learned while putting the "Win" in Windsor
Call: 415-754-0938; Visit: http://bit.ly/d9edr7 or Sign Up by Texting "Coach Cal" to: 68948
Also, check out CoachCal.com's re-cap of the Canada Trip, including a Best & Worst of the Canadian Crusade & combined player & team stats 4 the 3 games: http://bit.ly/c6ryTt, Our women's clinic (Oct. 6) and our coaches clinic (Oct. 30) r now accepting registrations. Don't get shut out. Sign up now: http://www.ukathletics.com/camps/, On my way to Las Vegas to work the Michael Jordan camp. Looking fwd to seeing MJ and some of the best people in our business. Happy w/what we got out of Canada and glad to give the guys some time to themselves b4 classes start. Thx to everyone for ur support, especially our fans who went to Windsor. Ur the best!! Go Big Blue!, One quick pre-game reminder: Coach Calz Crazy 
Bandz have arrived at Pannell Swim Shop in Lexington - collect, 
trade, enjoy!! $1 from every pack sold goes to the Calipari Family 
Foundation for Children.  You can find details here: http://bit.ly/cq5rxW
  ^CoachCal.com Staff, Ready 4 some basketball & breakfast from Canada? The guys got a good nite sleep - I hope - & we'll have 2 see how they respond 2 the quick turnaround. 
Ur probably all waiting w/great anticipation 2 see my sideline outfit today (!!!) - Well, the people have spoken & I'm going w/the "Casual Friday (or Tuesday in this case) Look" - jeans & a Tommy Bahama button down. Thanks 4 all your votes & suggestions!!!, Well, another good learning experience for our guys & I was happy Doron bounced back a bit from Sunday. Good team effort & you can see our guys are tired - it will be interesting to see how we respond w/an 11 a.m. game.
Wanted to let everyone know that Calz Crazy Bandz have arrived. You can find details here: http://bit.ly/CalzCrazyBand, With the attention drawn to my sideline outift on Monday night, I wanted to let you all pick my Tuesday morning coaching wardrobe. Here are your choices:
A. Dentist Look (like Sunday)
B. Chef Look (like Monday)
C. Lexington Khakis Look w/golf shirt or collarless
D. Eastern KY Jeans Look w/golf shirt or collarless
Fashionistas, Please Vote!!! Have fun with it, you know I am!!! Enjoy the game., Thanks 2 every1 who came 2 the arena early. Hope I was able 2 get 2 all of u for pix & autographs. 
Now, I hear some of u thought I looked like a dentist last nite. Maybe so, but dentists must b real comfortable! 2nite I'll look like a head chef w/white shirt and black pants. And I'll b comfortable again!!!, You guys can't imagine how much we all appreciate the incredible support we're receiving here in Windsor. I wish we could have the guys sign autographs for all of you, but they need to focus on playing. I, on the other hand, can sign for a little bit. So why don't y'all meet me over at the St. Denis Centre in 30 minutes or so? See you there. . ., This is a picture of Assumption Church in Windsor, where I've been going
 to Mass each day. It's not only beautiful, it's also the oldest 
continuous parish in the present 
              province of Ontario. I always enjoy visiting new churches 
and learning the history of the areas I'm blessed enough to travel to.

Good shootaround today and we're ready - if a bit undermanned - for 
tonight's game at 7 p.m. Go Big Blue!, Want to remind everyone that the WEG are just 39 days away!! http://www.alltechfeigames.com/
While I'm at it, I hope everyone got a chance to see some of the amazing work Dr. Lyons is doing in Haiti. http://bit.ly/aWq5Qm 
He has a huge heart and isn't afraid to help others. I admire that., Our medical staff took Terrence to an imaging center in Detroit for an MRI this morning. He has been diagnosed with a stress fracture of the rib which has affected the motion in his left arm. We hope to have him back in mid-September when we begin individual workouts., Watched the tape of last nite's game & the beauty of viewing the video is that IT NEVER LIES. Great teaching tool 4 our guys & overall I thought we did some good things. I still can't believe I'm coaching in August!!!
We'll shootaround & then get rested & ready 4 the Western Ontario team. Another good challenge 4 our guys. Have I mentioned that BBN has taken over Windsor? Canada in now a Big Blue Nation!! I love it., Well, I have 2 say I'm pleased w/our effort 2nite, but it's August! Some of our guys weren't quite ready 2 play, but that's 2 be expected. 
Just understand - WE HAVE A LONG WAY TO GO, but this was a gd 1st step. Our fans were incredible - I can't believe how many r here. But that's the Big Blue Nation 4 u. Looking 4ward 2 another game Mon nite. Do I need 2 remind u again 2 "enjoy the path?" Please do. Go Big Blue!, Fans can view all 3 games in Canada on UK's 
website, www.ukathletics.com. Here's a direct 
link to tonight's game: http://bit.ly/9DbPDG
While you're watching, join CoachCal.com editor David Scott live from courtside for a special "Cats in Canada" live blog. Go to CoachCal.com and click on the live blog banner at the top., Just finished shootaround & the guys really seemed to understand that shootaround sets the tone for how you will play in the game. That's hard for young players to understand, but they seemed to grasp it today. Looking forward to tonight's 7 p.m. game. 
B sure to join CoachCal.com editor David Scott live from courtside for a Canada version of the CoachCal.com Live Blog beginning at 6:30 p.m., Had a great meal & a brief team meeting to make sure the guys get their rest & understand we're playing 3 games w/in 40 hours. 
For those curious, the book I'm reading is "Forgotten God" by Francis Chan - it's very spiritual, so if that's not ur thing, u may need 2 wait 4 my next recommendation!!!
Lastly 4 today, please take some time & watch this video:, About to have a nice team meal at The Keg Steakhouse in Windsor. We had a good practice and the guys are ready to play some unfamiliar faces!!! I've started my next book and I'll tell you about it soon. It was given to me by my friend and former Dodgers GM Kevin Malone, who is an Lville grad, but that's ok!!! He's not just a gd guy, he's a great guy., I know u all hav been on cloud nine because of our recruiting and these early practices. U know what? I'm beyond that cloud because of what our team took part in today w/Samaritan's Feet at the Detroit Y. I hope u will all see some of the video and pictures of our guys making a difference in the lives of young people., Some more photos of our visit to the Y in Detroit. An uplifting day to say the least., We r in Detroit w/Samaritans Feet and I'm so proud of all our guys. They r putting smiles on the faces of all the youngsters. Here, Darius Millet, gets a child ready to receive brand new socks and shoes. This is what UK Basketball is all about!! Be proud of our team, BBN., null, Just about to cross the border into the US for the shoe giveaway and clinic in Detroit w Samaritan's Feet. Guys r really looking forward to it. Great experience whenever our guys can understand service leadership. B sure to check out the new coachcal.com and let us know what u think!!, Check out the new CoachCal.com and join the NBA's No. 1 overall pick John Wall as he answers Facebook questions from Coach Cal's commenters. http://www.coachcal.com/
CoachCal.com - If you were any closer, you'd be on the bench. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Just got to the hotel in Windsor. Bon jour BBN!! Looking forward to a great trip., Finally finished the Henry Clay book - what an interesting read. Really enjoyed it. Clay died on June 29, 1852 & upon his death, he became the 1st person in US history to lie in state at the US Capitol. Amazing man.
I'll start a new book on the flight we're about to take on our way to Windsor. It won't be 500 pages!!! But it is a spiritual book. I'll tell u more about it in the coming days., Congrats to UK's Adrian "Odie" Smith who will be 
inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame today as a member of the 1960 
US Olympic team. Also, great news about our games in Canada: All 3 games in Canada will be streamed live for 
FREE on UKathletics.com.  Here's the direct link for Sunday's game: http://bit.ly/9DbPDG, Some programming info from our friends at FOX Sports South: FSS and FOX Sports Ohio are both carrying the UK games from Canada:
Sunday, 8/15 vs. Univ. of Windsor – 7 p.m. ET
Monday, 8/16 vs. Univ. of Western Ontario – 7 p.m. ET    
Tuesday, 8/17 vs. Univ. of Windsor – 11 a.m. ET  
Both will air 'Wildcat Warm-Up' b4 the games on Sun & Mon at 6:30 p.m. ET.  FSS will air Wildcat Wrap-Up post-game on 8/17 at 1 p.m. ET., Last pic for now - Here's our Alliance Camp Pilgrimmage Crew (Adam, Chip, Tom, Mark and Charlie) with Steeler super scout, Mark Gorscak. Mark is from Donora, south of Pittsburgh, and he was Joe Montana's center at Ringgold HS. Anyone know why they Call Mark, "Mr. 90?"
What a great day - can't thank everyone enough. Amazing when I think about the neat things I'm able to do and how blessed I am., How about these names? Green, White, Greenwood, Russell, Ham, Lambert, Blount, Thomas, Wagner, Shell? U want me to name the offense too? I'm giving away my age, but it's worth it to have had those Steel Curtain teams to root for growing up in Moon!!!, Also had a super talk w/d-line coach John 
Mitchell, a former All-America DE at Alabama & the 1st 
African-American 2 play 4 the Crimson Tide. I asked Coach Mitchell abt 
Bear Bryant & he said he was a great man who truly cared abt his 
players. Said he couldn't stop crying the day Coach Bryant died. He was 
getting emotional just talking abt him w/me. WOW! That's the
 impact you hope you leave as a Coach., Had a nice talk with the architect of the 
Steelers’ famed “zone blitz,” Defensive Coordinator, Dick LeBeau. I hope our team can play defense like his guys do! He did give me some advice, though: "Pressure the ball!" he said and then he laughed. We'll do our best, Coach!!!, I'm like a little kid when I get around MY Steelers - what a great, championship organizaton. I learn things just by being here. Here, I was able to catch up with Coach Tomlin and Big Ben. They all want to know how our Cats are going to be this year! I told them I'll know more after Canada!!! More pics to come. . ., We want one of these!!!!  Stilllers over the cards for the big ring!!!! At Steelers camp w Robes and the Alliance Boys. Our annual trip - love it!!! Big Blue is everywhere! Tomorrow: Canada., null, Help us get to 200k fans on the official UK 
Facebook page b4 football season begins and help us do the same here at Coach Cal's page. Click on "Suggest to friends" 
on http://bit.ly/94ZGYk and to the left on this page. Thanks! ^CoachCal.com Staff, A special opportunity in a couple of weekends to honor one of the first men I was privileged enough to get to know when we moved here - Rich Brooks. Join us as we celebrate Coach's tremendous career in football & also raise money for the Rich Brooks Foundation. I'm told it's an incredible night. I plan on being there and I hope you will too. . . http://bit.ly/BrooksRetirementBenefit, COACH CAL ON LEXY: HE'S GOT SOMETHING TO TELL 
YOU!!
In a 4-minute audio tweet: Coach Cal talks about a possible starting line-up (& a thought Coach Hall had); his freshmen philosophy; "No one is guaranteed playing time. No one.";  Dial: 415-754-0938; Visit: http://bit.ly/cz8LGs  ; Sign Up by 
Texting: "Add Coach Cal" to 68948 ^CoachCal.com 
Staff, So, it appears we had some pretty good guessers in our "Guess the Photo" post from Monday night. It's true - the silly band craze that is sweeping the nation is about to sweep the Big Blue Nation as well. But b4 we give you all the details on Coach Cal's special line, we want you to guess what the shapes are in the 1st set. There are 6 different shapes, all having to do with Coach Calipari. Start ur guessing & 3 random commenters will receive a signed package of the silly bands when released. ^CC.com Staff, UPDATE: The unfortunate alleged crime involving credit card #s used to purchase Hoops 4 Haiti t-shirts from a local retailer has caused some confusion, esp. w/local media. As the Red Cross has explained, "no credit card numbers provided during the "Hoops for Haiti" telethon . . . have been compromised." http://bit.ly/cAe7ZU
 The retailer & law enforcement r dealing w/those who may have been victimized. ^CC.com Staff, Had a good 2nd session tonight & we were fortunate to have Nazr Mohammed play w/us for a bit. Great for our guys to be around an NBA veteran like him & see how he hard he works & prepares for the season. We went about 2 hours in Session 2 & today I'd say we got better defensively. Our guys are starting to figure things out. It's a long process, but one I'm excited to be undertaking, especially in August!!!, Check out a special chance to win VIP treatment at the Alltech FEI WEG. Make your own commercial & you can win 2 tickets to the opening ceremonies, 2 hospitality tickets, and $1000.  See this video for more info. http://bit.ly/c3duaD
Let's show the World what the Big Blue Nation is all about!!! ^CoachCal.com Staff, Just went over to see Joker and the team practicing. Boy, am I happy we train indoors!!! They start practice with a drill we used to call 'Bull in the Ring' - two guys going at each other and trying to knock each other out of the circle. What a great way to start a practice! Joker and his staff r doing tremendous work. Cant wait for football to start  Go Cats!, We had a very cerebral morning session w/the team & went just about an hour. We did a lot of scripted stuff & nothing head to head. Worked on some post defense, shooting & different ways to post the ball in the dribble drive. Our second session, tonite, we will go over what we discussed in the AM & then we will go live against each other. Getting excited for Windsor - going to be a great trip for us all. Go Big Blue!, Incredible opportunity to win access to every UK home sporting event this year, the Big Blue Bucket List: http://www.ukathletics.com/genrel/080910aaa.html
^CoachCal.com Staff, Any guesses on what this picture puzzle may be? 
We'll all know on Friday. . . ^CoachCal.com Staff, COACH CAL ON LEXY: HE'S GOT SOMETHING TO TELL YOU!!
In
 a 4-minute audio tweet: Coach Cal talks about the competitiveness at Camp Canada (Knight v. Lamb); Setting the defensive tone; More on Henry Clay book as Coach wonders, 'Is dueling still legal?!?!'  Dial: 415-754-0938; Visit: http://bit.ly/bXtO0g  ; Sign Up by Texting: "Add Coach Cal" to 68948 ^CoachCal.com Staff, Getting ready for the first of our sessions today & looking forward to our trip to Canada. We're also just 46 days from the start of the World Equestrian Games & I wanted you all to check out the Spectator Guide that is now available: http://bit.ly/bC1Qdq
It's full of everything you'll need to know about the Games & I guarantee you'll find something for you and the whole family to partake in. Let's show the World what the Big Blue Nation is all about. . . Have a great Monday., Gave the team off today and we'll get back at it on Monday. Hope everyone had a great weekend and spent it with friends and family. That's what we did and it is what summer memories are made of. Looking forward to our trip north of the border - hope you are too. . . Go Big Blue!!!, COACH CAL ON LEXY: HE'S GOT SOMETHING TO TELL 
YOU!!
In a 3-minute audio tweet: Coach Cal talks about Camp Canada; Reminds everyone "It's August, August!"; "I'd rather be right than be president," - H. Clay; and more
Dial: 415-754-0938; Visit: http://bit.ly/cbCNlJ ;
Sign Up!:
 Text: "Add Coach Cal" to 68948 
^CoachCal.com Staff, Wanna wish @danielorton21 a Happy Bday from me & the staff. Ellen wishes she could give u ur brownies! J. Hood just got a belated batch 2day! That's Demarcus u hear salivating. He was a brownie fiend!! Enjoy the weekend and b safe., Our 2nd session of the day allowed us to scrimmage agnst former players & local guys. We did some good things & were able to see our guys respond in "game" situations. We're 5 days in & they have gone hard with grt enthusiasm.
Really appreciate the efforts of UK guys, Ravi Moss, Jules Camara, Ramon Harris & Eric Daniels, Collier Mills (played at Transy) & Eli Strait (Gardner-Webb) in serving as our opponent., We had a good 1st practice 2day & went about 2 hours. We started putting in the press, added some things 2 the offense & worked on the Dribble Drive a bit more. Guys r really getting after it, they r attacking the basket but they r making bad decisions at times. We're right abt 20 % of the time, but that's ok 4 now as long as we're aggressive. We'll go again later 2day maybe w/some former players & alums joining us., Every day I'm learning more about the World Equestrian Games & every day I'm blown away by all that happens in addition to the competition. Did u know that kids 12 & under get in free w/a paying adult at the Horse Park? Or that the Newport Aquarium will be bringing penguins & petting sharks? I'm going to have to see if Brad wants to pet a shark!! Tickets & info: http://bit.ly/WEGTix or 888-934- 2010.
Let's show the World what our Big Blue Nation is all about!!!, The Krebs Effect was in FULL effect during the final day of UK's Satellite Camps. Here, Mark feels the love from his hometown Newport, KY fans. 
Don't forget, Mark's book "Beyond a Dream" is slated to release on Oct. 1. ^CoachCal.com Staff, COACH CAL ON LEXY: HE'S GOT SOMETHING TO TELL YOU!!
Coach Cal talks about satellite camps concluding; Dueling (old school); and Henry Clay, the man who owned the land upon which Casa de Cal sits. Dial: 888-659-7863; Visit: http://bit.ly/HenryClay 
Sign Up!: Text:
 "Add Coach Cal" to 68948 
^CoachCal.com Staff, Canada Games Broadcast Details, times and affiliates: http://bit.ly/UKCANADABRDCAST, Canada Games Broadcast Info (Part 2 of 2): The games can be heard on radio in Lexington on 
WLAP-AM (630) & in L'ville on WHAS-AM (840). The Big Blue Sports 
Radio Network will also carry 
all 3 games; check for the affiliate in ur area. CoachCal.com will have extensive coverage & exclusive Coach Cal content thru-out the trip. ^CoachCal.com 
Staff, Canada Games Broadcast Info (Part 1 of 2): UK fans have a variety of broadcast options 4 
keeping up w/UK’s 3-game, 3-day exhibition series in 
Windsor. The Big Blue Sports Network will televise the 
games live on FS South; WTVW-TV in Evansville; WYMT-TV in Hazard; 
WSAZ-My Z in Huntington, WV; WKAG-TV in Hopkinsville; WKYT-TV in Lexington;
 WMYO-TV in Louisville and WDKA-TV in Paducah/Cape Girardeau. (Cont'd.), UK's first game of the Maui Invitational will be against Oklahoma (Big 12) at 5:30 p.m. ET on Monday, November 22. The Cats' second opponent will be either Washington (Pac 10) or Virginia (ACC) on Tuesday 11/23. "It's going to be a great experience for our young team and we are all looking forward to the first class tournament that is the EA Sports Maui Invitational," said Coach Calipari. ^CoachCal.com Staff, Coach and staff are on the road for Satellite Camps today (heading to Newport now), but he did speak to the media in Mason County: http://bit.ly/Maysville

^CoachCal.com Staff, Camp Canada, Pt 2: Terrence was able 2 go & looked good, as did Enes & the returnees. Doron has got a little of Chris Douglas
 Robert's game - a real knack for scoring the ball! Brandon is doing a 
grt job running the club. 
We'll b off Thurs & then Fri & Sat we practice & scrimmage w/some alums/former players who r around. 
***2 satellite camps on Thurs in Mason County & Newport. More info - http://bit.ly/ayw1QA ***, Camp Canada, Post Practice Report, Part 1: We had a late practice 2nite as our guys had finals during the day & we wound up cutting the session short. I could tell they were tired. We were happy 2 have Coach Hall there & he was able 2 see us  take some more positive steps at this early stage. 
I've got 2 remember that most of them have never gone like this, so we've got 2 b careful how we stretch them out. (Cont'd.), A story you may not be able to find anywhere else - now posted at CoachCal.com: http://bit.ly/CalAPR
 ^CoachCal.com Staff, COACH CAL ON LEXY: HE'S GOT SOMETHING TO TELL 
YOU!!
Coach has Camp fever as he drops in on Coach Lewis, T.O., Ocho Cinco & the Bengals. Dial: 888-659-7863; Visit:  http://bit.ly/aOQQin Sign Up!: Text:
 "Add Coach Cal" to 68948
Who can give us all the ways that Cris Collinsworth is connected to UK?
Oh - also, we need to stay ahead of @OGOchoCinco on Twitter, so lets do what he does so well: Gain some separation from our pursuer!!!, Practice Report, Pt 2: It's different 4 the new guys 2 b driving 2 score instead of driving 2 pass which is what they r used 2. Terrence was able 2 go live in the 5 on 5. At this point I don't think we're as deep as last yr, but we haven't seen Eloy yet.
Ray Oliver & I will b heading 2 Bengals camp in the AM. Don't worry Steeler fans, I'll be going 2 Latrobe, PA at some time 4 annual trip w/Tom, Mark & Charlie!!!, Camp Canada Practice Report, Part 1: We had 2 good sessions today & in the morning, my good friend and former AD, Bob Marcum was present. His comment to me was, "You're going to have fun coaching this team." I think he's right!!! 
We went 5 on 5 in the afternoon for the first time & I was happy to see the young guys getting the idea of what we are trying to do in the Dribble Drive. (Cont'd.), It's been one of my great pleasures since arriving in KY to have the opportunity to get to know Alltech's President, Dr. Pearse Lyons. Today is Dr. Lyons birthday & I want all of the BBN to wish him the happiest of bdays!
I spoke w/Dr. Lyons this morning & he got me all fired up for the start of the World Equestrian Games, which is 52 days away.
What an incredible opportunity 4 our city, state and region to showcase what makes this area so special. I got my tickets this morning - how about you? Tix available: http://bit.ly/WEGTix, My staff and I will close the 2010 camp season on 
Thursday, Aug. 5 with the final satellite camps in Mason County and 
Newport and we can't wait to get back out and see all the youngsters in the Big Blue Nation. This summer's camps have shown us that these future leaders of the BBN are more than ready to embrace everything about UK basketball.
The camp is for K-6th Grade (entering). Times are 
9-Noon in Mason County and 4-7 pm in Newport. Register Online at http://bit.ly/ayw1QA See you there!!!, COACH CAL ON LEXY: HE'S GOT SOMETHING TO TELL YOU!!
Topics
 covered in 3 minutes include: Camp Canada practices underway; Returnees show improvement; First impressions of the newcomers; and more Dial: 888-659-7863; Visit: http://bit.ly/bhFmwQ; Sign Up!: Text:
 "Add Coach Cal" to 68948
LEXY: Audio blasts, blurbs and 
bites directly to YOU..., Getting ready to record a LEXY regarding our first two days of practice but did want to check in first and let you know that overall, I'm pleased with the progress we are making. We are doing very little team stuff, instead almost all is individual work for the first few days. More to come on my LEXY. . ., 2nite I'll discuss the returnees: I'm seeing a vast improvement in DeAndre's shooting already this year & Darius has really impressed w/his athleticism. Jon looks more comfortable on the floor & I think he's grown an inch. Josh is lighter on his feet & w/the way we r going 2 play it was good 2 see him run the floor. We went about 1:40 in both sessions 2day.  Looking forward to seeing how they bounce back tomorrow., I was glad 2 get started 2day. There was an adjustment period w/all the normal things that freshmen don't do, but they all had a skill level I'm pleased with. Eloy is not here yet, but the 4 returning players were so much better than a year ago. They responded great w/o me saying anything when they didn't do things right. They knew they needed 2 do it again. It was a great lesson 4 the young guys, watching that., Practice is underway as we prepare for our Canada trip & I'm pleased with the energy everyone brought. I do want to let you all know that junior Darnell Dodson will not be playing for UK this season. If Darnell, who is academically eligible, decides to return, he could practice with the team if he meets our standards., Coach Cal and Cats' Canada Trip Preparations begin today. 
Read more at CoachCal.com: http://bit.ly/cZp62a, We start our practices 4 the Canada Trip on Sunday & I can't tell u how excited I am 2 start coaching this young team. To help set the tone, I handed out a sheet of paper 2 each of our players titled, "UK's Championship Standards." I'll share it with u as well: 1. Be early & be ready 2 work; 2. Hav a daily passion 4 learning; 3. Bring grt enthusiasm & competitiveness; 4. Strive 2 b the teammate u want to play with., COACH CAL ON LEXY: HE'S GOT SOMETHING TO TELL 
YOU!!
Topics covered in 3 minutes include: Brandon Knight holds his own against John Wall; The joy of having the Draft Cats back on campus; "The dogs are barking but the caravan is moving on. . ." Dial: 888-659-7863; Visit: http://bit.ly/blOesT; Sign Up!: Text:
 "Add Coach Cal" to 68948
LEXY: Audio blasts, blurbs and bites directly
 to YOU..., All set for ProCamps today after being on the road. I heard the turnout was great. Looking forward to seeing our newest pros back on campus. Submit questions in comments below for us to ask Patrick for possible use on CoachCal.com. Go Big Blue!, Video from ProCamp: DeMarcus Cousins still can't get enough of Kentucky http://bit.ly/953D08 (CoachCal.com Staff, hat tip to UK Media Relations), Got A Question for the Draft Cats? As u all 
know, 4 of our newest NBA players will be in town 4 our SOLD OUT 
ProCamps beginning TODAY. We're hoping to get some 1-on-1 video time w/the players 4 use on 
CoachCal.com. But we need ur help - Today, we r taking questions for Eric Bledsoe, who will be at the camp on Saturday (with Patrick). Give us your Qs in the comments below. Go Big Blue!!!, Hope everyone is having a great week! I want to encourage you all to support Joker and the team at UK Football's Fan Day on Sat., Aug. 7 at Commonwealth Stadium. UK will hold an open practice starting at 6 pm ET. Gates open at 5 pm ET. Let's show our Cats the pride of the Big Blue Nation!!!, Got A Question for the Draft Cats? As u all 
know, 4 of our newest NBA players will be in town 4 our SOLD OUT 
ProCamps beginning 2moro (waiting list available: www.ukathletics.com/camps
 ). We r hoping to get some 1-on-1 video time w/each player 4 use on 
CoachCal.com. But we need ur help - Today, we're looking for Q's for John Wall. Reply w/Qs in comments., Got A Question for the Draft Cats? 
As u all know, 4 of our newest NBA players will be in town 4 our SOLD OUT ProCamps beginning Thursday (waiting list available: 
www.ukathletics.com/camps ). We're hoping to get some 1-on-1 video time w/each player 4 use on CoachCal.com. But we need ur help - what questions r u dying for DeMarcus, John, Eric & Patrick 2 answer? Starting 2day & continuing thru the week, we will gather ur questions 4 each player. First up, Big Cuz - Reply w/Qs in comments & hav fun with it!!!, COACH CAL ON LEXY: HE'S GOT SOMETHING TO TELL YOU!!
Topics
 covered in 3 minutes include: Overnight camp underway; Dribble Drive to be featured more this season; Checking in on student-athletes who are on campus.
Dial: 888-659-7863; Visit: http://bit.ly/cbCNlJ; Sign Up!: Text: "Add
 Coach Cal" to 68948
LEXY: Audio blasts, blurbs and bites directly
 to YOU..., Great news! Patrick Patterson will join Eric 
Bledsoe on July 31st during our ProCamps. Beginning Thursday, that means we will have John Wall, DeMarcus Cousins, Patrick and Eric back on campus over the course of three days - I can't wait!!! We are close to a sellout, so sign up now!! www.ukathletics.com/camps, In Vegas, enjoying being out on the road and seeing old friends and new faces. The breadth and depth of the Big Blue Nation never ceases to amaze me - We are EVERYwhere!!! I LOVE IT!!! Hope everyone is having a great weekend - be safe, stay cool and Go Big Blue!!, This year's Overnight Camp is SOLD OUT. Spots in the ProCamps are filling up fast. Don't be left out! http://tinyurl.com/378kbhg, With the recent - & recurring - floods in Eastern Kentucky Ellen reminded me last nite that these are the times when Big Blue Nation defines itself. I knew exactly what she meant. And so do you. Let's all do our part 4 relief efforts. The Red Cross http://bit.ly/bF3hyQ is one of many groups helping our fellow BBN citizens who have been affected. We encourage you to find some way to help flood victims. Ellen & I are pledging $5,000 from the Calipari Family Foundation for Children as a beginning 2 our flood relief funds and supplies-raising efforts. Show your BIG heart BIG Blue Nation!!!, Coach Calipari is looking into ways to help Pike County's flood victims and we hope to have some ways to show BBN's support later today. Please keep everyone in ur prayers and we will have more info later today. (CoachCal.com Staff), (Part 2 of 2) That said the Governor's event planned for August 11 - 
along with  

other charitable functions scheduled for our home - have been canceled after realizing the full plate of both professional and pressing, personal matters I will be tending to in the next couple of 
months. Ellen and I do hope this discussion will lead you to exercise your right to vote in the upcoming elections., (Part 1 of 2) I hope by now you all realize that I don't take my position as your  
basketball coach lightly. I know how politically charged this state is and I recognize that the Big Blue Nation comes from both sides of the aisle. I appreciate every elected official who supports the University of Kentucky, regardless of party., I know I speak for all of Big Blue Nation when I send our thoughts and prayers out to the family and friends of Samuel J. Barnes, Sr. http://bit.ly/9oJUKa 
I was deeply touched in reading about Mr. Barnes's commitment to the community and all his philanthropic efforts. I only wish I had more time to get to know him. Let's all share our gratitude and appreciation for Mr. Barnes in the comments. Rest peacefully, Mr. Barnes., COACH CAL ON LEXY: HE'S GOT SOMETHING TO TELL 
YOU!!
Topics covered in 3 minutes include: Being your best; Possibility of more pick and roll offense; Competing against the best and the satisfaction of beating them!
Dial:
 888-659-7863; Visit:  http://bit.ly/brHh2s; Sign Up!: Text 
"Add Coach Cal" to 68948
LEXY: Audio blasts, blurbs and bites 
directly to YOU..., Congrats to John Wall for 
making the SEC Freshman Academic Honor Roll. The award requires
 24 credit hours and a G.P.A of 3.0 or higher., Congrats to the UK Athletics Hall of Fame inductees for 2010 - it includes 3 deserving honorees who r part of our basketball family!: The class of 6 enshrinees will be honored HOF weekend 9/10-11: 
Mike Casey (men’s basketball), Steve Flesch (men’s golf), Nancy Napolski
 Johnson (rifle), Billy Ray Lickert (men’s basketball), Valerie 
McGovern Young (cross country, track & field) & Tayshaun Prince 
(men’s basketball)., NBA Summer League Standouts Wall, Cousins and Bledsoe back on UK campus for ProCamps July 29-31!!!!

The University of Kentucky has announced the schedule of appearances for the Coach Calipari “ProCamp” presented by the Garth Brooks Teammates for Kids Foundation. http://www.teammatesforkids.com/

 Visit the UK site to register: http://bit.ly/ProCampsCalSched
(CoachCal.com Staff), Spent some time in the office 2day making recruiting calls & then we took the staff down 2 the floor & started 2 work on things we'll need to install 4 the Canada trip. Every yr u have different personnel & it's our job 2 figure out how best 2 fit all those pieces 2gether. I'm thinking about using a press I used to use & we r also looking at our early offense & some defense too. Getting excited 2 work w/our guys!, Is there anything better than watching 13 year olds playing baseball?? Watched Brad this morning in Louisville tourney. Loved it!! Hope everyone is having a great, safe weekend. Enjoy and Go Big Blue!!, COACH CAL ON LEXY: HE'S GOT SOMETHING TO TELL YOU!!
Topics covered in 3 minutes include: Germany trip; NBA Summer League Cats Attack; Individual meetings with 2010-11 team underway.
Dial: 888-659-7863; Visit: http://bit.ly/dx32Q9; Sign Up!: Text "Add Coach Cal" to 68948
LEXY: Audio blasts, blurbs and bites directly to YOU., Before the camp season closes, the UK men’s basketball team has added two additional camp opportunities at the end of July.
 Prior to the John Calipari ProCamps, which will take place from July 29-31, UK will offer two additional camps, the Lil Wildcat Day Camp and the Overnight Camp. The Lil Wildcat Day Camp will take place on July 19-20 while the Overnight Camp will take place overnight from July 25-28. For more information, interested parties can call 859.257.1916 or go online to www.ukathletics.com/camps., Effective today, Kentucky law bans 
texting for drivers of all ages & cell phone use for drivers under 
18. Keep your focus & Drive Smart Kentucky! (CoachCal.com Staff), The King has spoken on Twitter (@KingJames): "Give me John Wall or DeMarcus Cousins for ROY this year. Them young cats been balling in Summer League." What more needs to be said?!, I'm guessing this won't be John's last ESPY of his career!!!: Congratulations to John Wall on winning an ESPY for Best College Male Athlete! Also, congrats to Erin Andrews on her new deal w/ESPN and ABC. She's doing a great job on the red carpet 2nite!!, How about our guys doing their thing in the NBA summer league? And stop about turnovers! The Dribble Drive's upside is it creates fearless, aggressive penetrators. But when our guards like John and Eric start playing w new teammates, it takes time to get in sync. They will b fine!! And how about DeMarcus and Patrick!! Big Blue in the Big Time!!!, The UK Alumni Association Challenge to 10,000 has begun! Help them reach 10,000 fans on their official Facebook page at http://www.facebook.com/ukalumni. Click on “Like” & suggest 2 all your friends 2! Great prizes given away 2 randomly selected fans as 10,000 nears. 1st prize given away beg. at 7,000! All fans eligible. (CoachCal.com Staff), You guys know I was just recently in the new Yankee Stadium and I am reminded today on the passing of George Steinbrenner of what a remarkable organization his New York Yankees have become. I got chills looking around that park and at all those banners. I know Big Blue Nation is sending its thoughts and prayers to Mr. Streinbrenner's family and friends. He'll always be The Boss., I hope some of u r able to watch this summer league between Washington and the Clippers. I'm smiling from ear to ear as John and Eric go head to head. Reminds me of some practices in the Craft Ctr. Best yet, Kevin McHale on NBATV just called the game, 'The Wildcat Open.' I love it!! Go Big Blue!, I'm back on American soil but I was going through some of my pictures and I had to show you this one: You knew if there was a Dunkies to be found in Germany, I would find it, right?!?! Can any1 identify which one this is?
Great to be back in USA, but still on the road - the dog days of summer. I love it! It's a lot easier when there are BBN fans everywhere we go!!!, One last push for our friends at Living Arts and Science Center, as we are a few hours away from the close of a bank-sponsored grant contest. LASC needs to move up 25 spots to garner a donation. Let's help them - or others you know in the field - fulfill their hopes. http://www.lasclex.org/ Thank You! (CoachCal.com Staff), Planning on finishing the Bill Walsh book I told you I was reading, on the flight home. He has some really strong stuff about the pride he took in the success of his players. As a teacher, like I hope I am, u want your students to be learning and improving. It's y u do it!! Go Big Blue., It's definitely different here in Germany. Fans r 
celebrating their 3rd place World Cup finish w/horns and banners 
everywhere. The Big Blue Nation would be happy about a 3rd 
place finish but they wouldn't be celebrating and I'm not too sure there
 would be any banners!! Hope every1 is having a great weekend., The winners in yesterday's Pictures in Berlin giveaway were Evan Markham
 and Bby Blu Tyler. They will receive an autographed memento from Coach's trip to Germany. Thanks to everyone for commenting and look for more Facebook fun with Coach Cal in the coming weeks. (CoachCal.com Staff), Post 2 of 2: On the sad news of Melvin Turpin's
 passing, UK has released these statements from Coach Calipari & 
A.D. Mitch Barnhart. 

Calipari: "I want to express my deepest sympathy to all of Melvin 
Turpin's family & friends. I also pray for their strength during 
this 
time of grief." (CC.com Staff), Post 1 of 2: On the sad news of Melvin Turpin's passing, UK has released these statements from Coach Calipari & A.D. Mitch Barnhart. 

Barnhart: "We are deeply saddened by the passing of Melvin Turpin. Our hearts & prayers are with his family & friends as they mourn their loss. The University of Kentucky & the Big Blue Nation will forever remember Melvin & all his contributions to our basketball program.", Yep, #5 was the Fernsehturm Berlin and #3 was the Cathedral.
Here's our last one for now, "Cal in Berlin" Pic #6. To make it even harder, I'm looking for the name of the restaurant where we are eating (and took the pic from). And yes, O is enjoying his pizza!!!, "Cal in Berlin" Pic #5 - Remember, we're not in Seattle, so this isn't what you think it is!!!, "Cal in Berlin" Pic #4: I'll have to give you this one - It's JFKAntigua!!! Asst. coach Orlando Antigua plays tourist. And how about this; we go out to eat after the tour and he orders a pizza for dinner. I, on the other hand, went with the weinerschnitzel. When in Germany, do like the Germans - What is up with O???!!!, I liked Evan Markham's response to Pic #2!!! Very funny and it earns him one of the sign mementoes!!! Here's "Cal in Berlin" Pic #3 - you guys are doing great. BBN knows its history on EVERYthing, not just UK Basketball!!!, Two randomly selected commenters who provide guesses for the "Cal in Berlin" picture postings game will receive a signed memento of Coach Cal's trip to Germany. Let's see how many guesses we can get for each pic!!! (CoachCal.com Staff), Okay, that was an easy one. Good job everyone. Remnants of the Wall as we drive through East Berlin. Next one is tougher: Cal in Berlin Pic #2, I'm taking a bunch of pictures so we might as well have some history lessons while I tour around Berlin. I bet that at least one perosn can identify every place. But if you don't know the answer, make educated guesses. And no vulgar stuff of course. Have fun with it though - Cal in Berlin Pic #1, Doing some sightseeing in Berlin. Here I am at the Brandenburg Gate - so much history here. From JFK's visit in the 60s (We are all Berliners today. . .) to Ronald Reagan's in the 80s ("Tear down that wall. . . ") Once again, I feel the impact of living in the country we do & having the freedoms we possess. Powerful stuff when u start 2 think about world history & our place in it. Looking 4 UK fans as we travel around - say hello if u c me!!!, Guten tag! Ich bin ein Berliner!! Stay tuned for more on my travels in Germany!, Coach Cal's World Cup Thoughts, Live from Germany, Part 3: Well, Germany loses, 1-nil. The agressor usually wins and Spain certainly seemed to play that role from what I could tell! Going to be some depressed people around here I guess. Great time though and enjoyed seeing how passionate other fans can be. Still, nothing beats the Big Blue Nation!, Coach Cal's World Cup Thoughts, Live from 
Germany, Part 2: What are the chances I'd be cheering for Spain if I were in Barcelona instead of Hamburg!!!??? We are celebrating shots on goal!!! That how this thing is going so far. Soccer - gotta love it!!! Go Big. . .  WHITE????, Coach Cal's World Cup Thoughts, Live from Germany, Part 1: Germany on defense too much. Attack more! Need to see some headers. . . or footers. . . or neckers. . . .You realize I have no idea what I'm talking about, right?! Great fans here though, they're living and dying with every kick. I'm just drinking my coffee and enjoying!!, Searched for different places to watch Germany-Spain match. Most were outdoors so we have settled at a Cup & Cino coffee house. Very festive here, to say the least! I'll give you updates as the game goes on. Nil-Nil to this point!, 2 things as I settle in 2 watch Germany in the World Cup Semis live from
 Germany where I am recruiting:

1. Info on the Prasco John Calipari ProCamp (Grades 
K-12) is available - visit http://bit.ly/cUMaDh
 or call 859-257-1916. Gonna be HUGE!

2. 27.7 million viewers watched Germany's last game - 90 percent of all 
people watching TV in the country tuned in. Top that, BBN!!! These 
people are crazy too!!!, Last year, if you recall, we helped Lexington 
Children's Theatre win in the Chase Community Giving competition on 
Facebook. This year, the Living Arts and Science Center is vying to win 
$20,000 if their votes are in the Top 200. Less than a week to go in 
voting, so please vote now!!!: http://bit.ly/cXSnNe
 (CoachCal.com Staff), I'm in Germany recruiting & am going to have an opportunity to witness what it's like 2 b a Kentucky fan up close; I will be at a pub watching Germany take on Spain in the World Cup semis & soaking up the atmosphere. That passion will be about as close to being a KY fan as one can get!! Can't wait., Got great news today that the paperback version of "Bounce Back" will be available on August 31. http://bit.ly/pbackorder
Hoping to get around the Commonwealth a bit for a mini-tour in early Sept. Any thoughts on what counties - THAT I HAVEN'T BEEN TO YET - we should shoot for?, Hope every1 is back in the swing of things after a super holiday weekend. The live recruiting period has begun & I'm out on the road evaluating. Started reading ex-49er Coach Bill Walsh's "The Score Takes Care of Itself" - leadership philosophy and more from a guy who was an innovator in his game. Should be done with it soon. Go Big Blue!, Happy Fourth of July everyone. Always a great weekend and always a time to reflect on how lucky we r to live in the USA. Be safe out there and enjoy. Go Big Red, White and Blue., Our friends at WKYT have posted a story from our trip 2 Haiti last week & I hope everyone will take some time over the weekend to check it out. Some really fine work by reporter Sam Dick and videographer John Wilson & I think it gives you all a glimpse of the devestation in Haiti, but also the strength & fortitude of its people. Be safe out there this weekend and let's all pray for our brothers and sisters in Haiti: http://bit.ly/9dT81f, Some good, spirited baseball talk in the comments! I love it. I wouldn't say I'm a fan of the Yankees, but I don't dislike them. They r the epitome of a championship organization. You can't argue w/their numbers. But yes, I am a Reds fan too!!! Perez-Morgan-Concepcion-Rose-Bench-Foster-Griffey-Geronimo.
 Wow! & lead by Sparky!! Also: Plz make sure to watch WKYT's coverage of our Haiti trip 2nite at 11., What's better than mid-week, afternoon baseball at the new Yankee Stadium? Not much, I can tell you that! Look at all the beautiful Kentucky Bluegrass behind Brad and our family friend, Brian!!! I'm told that every year UK wins a national title, the Yankees win a world championship. Sure would be nice if that were the other way around too!!!! Go Big Blue. . . and for today. . . Go Big Pinstripes!!!, The dates 4 our Pro Camp are July 29-31. Kids 
age 7-11 from 9 am-Noon each day & ages 12-18 from 1-4 pm all 3 
days. Cost will be $199 & format will see each pro 
attend 1 full day of camp 4 both age groups. More info 2 
follow in the coming days. But trust me, this will be THE Pro Camp 2 end all pro camps - so save the dates & watch 4 more details on sign-ups & who the pros will be (Eric Bledsoe will be 1 of them!), Folks, we appreciate all your guesses below, but as the instructions said, only the answers submitted at the Twitpic link will be accepted as part of the contest. Sorry for any confusion but the rules were clearly stated in the previous post. (CoachCal.com Staff), We checked all 229 entries &  still don't have a winner in the contest 4 the UK Slam magazine w/all 5 signatures. Continue 2 guess the 3 former Wildcats who will be at our our Pro Camp, July 29-31. 1st to guess all 3 
wins the prize. Make sure u leave your answers/comments on 
twitpic 2 verify the winner: http://bit.ly/procamp
Here's 1 of the participant's names: Eric Bledsoe. More info in coming days. (CC.com Staff), (Part 2 of 2 re: Terri Krebs) I just finished writing the foreword to Mark's upcoming book and my 
words were largely inspired by Terri's memorable participation in Senior
 Day ceremonies. Rest in peace Terri and know that all of the Big Blue 
Nation is here for your family., (Part 1 of 2 re: Terri Krebs) I know I speak for all of the Big Blue Nation when I express my sincerest sympathies to Mark Krebs, his family and their friends as they mourn the loss of Mark's mom, Terri. One of the special parts of our first year in Kentucky was being able to coach Mark and get to know him and his family., Lot of people on vacation this week and next - wanted to wish everyone a restful and enjoyable time away, wherever you are whatever you are doing to coincide with July 4th. Be safe and be thankful. . . Also, special thanks to Homerun Burgers in Louisville 
for their help last Friday during our Satellite Camp tour. The staff 
loved the cajun fries!
Go Big Blue!!!, Coach Calipari checks in from his "battery re-charging" and talks about visiting with his former player, Milwaukee Buck Chris Douglas-Roberts. Also: Recalling when Coach could do back-flips; Staying out of the office as long as he can; and more. Hear Coach Cal's audio tweet: 
888-659-7863 or visit http://bit.ly/bvCcyx Better yet, sign up by texting "ADD COACH CAL" to 68948. (CoachCal.com Staff), Spending some quality time with the family - sorry for lack of updates.
Wanted to share this picture of DeMarcus's little brother - BRAD!
(Nice shirt, by the way!!!)
Hope everyone is doing well - Go Big Blue!!!, The Big Blue Nation wasn't the only fandom excited when DeMarcus got drafted. Check out this video of Kings fans as they learned Big Cuz was headed to Sac-town: http://www.twitvid.com/XPX4J, Had the pleasure of meeting Jeff White who is the Managing Partner at Texas Roadhouse on Dutchman’s Lane in Lville. Jeff is one of the original TRH team members who worked with Kent Taylor at the chain's 1st location in Clarksville, IN. Great guy, great lunch!!!, In btween camps, so we stopped at #Texas Roadhouse w/the staff 4 lunch. Want 2 wish GJ Hart the best w/his recovery from some back issues & also hoping 2 c Kent Taylor & get some special chix fingers 2 bring bak 4 Ellen, Brad & the Mean & Nimble 1!!! ALSO: Was grt seeing Dan & Shirley Mullally & their dghtrs at  Draft. Always good 2 c our friends from FedEx. P.S. Go find this video from the Wiz!!!, Everyone wants to talk Draft today, huh? Finishing up our 1st satellite camp of the day in L'ville.         
                          Long line for autographs this 
morning! The passion is amazing.
Check out my interview earlier this morning on the
 Dan Patrick Show. http://tinyurl.com/34llnu6  

I'll be on the Scott Van Pelt radio show today as well., All 5 in the first round?? Are your kidding me? Players 1st at this program, everybody. Players First! What a night, I'm still beaming: Listen to my Lexy: 888-659-7863 or http://bit.ly/bLcLY3 or sign up by texting "ADD COACH CAL" to 68948
In Louisville today for satellite camps, having a great day - you do the same. GO BIG BLUE - The Draft Cats Made History!!!, For a program that makes history pretty regularly, Thursday night was a truly historic evening. An unprecedented FIVE Wildcats were chosen in the 1st round of the 2010 NBA Draft. I am so proud of John, DeMarcus, Patrick, Eric and Daniel & I love the way they have represented our University, our program & the BBN., Wow!  There it is folks.  Daniel Orton goes to Orlando with the 29th pick of the first round. YOUR University of Kentucky "Draft Cats" are the first school to EVER have five picks in the first round of the NBA draft. Congratulations to all of these young men and let's send them out with one more pat on the back for all they've done for our University. We'll wake up tomorrow and prepare for next season... GO BIG BLUE!, Eric Bledsoe is selected in the first round by the Oklahoma City Thunder. For the first time ever, Kentucky has FOUR young men selected in the first round of the NBA draft. Congratulations to Eric and the BBN wishes you the best of luck pursuing your dreams!, A great night keeps getting better. Everyone give it up for Patrick Patterson who will be moving to Houston as their first round pick. That's THREE of YOUR Kentucky Wildcats going on to live their dreams. Amazing!, Sacramento took a former player of mine, Tyreke Evans, last year with the fourth pick and this year they take my BIG son... DeMarcus Cousins!  What a night and there's even more to come. Again, be sure to join David Scott in the first ever live chat right now by clicking on the LiveStream tab above., Congratulations to Kentucky's own John Wall on being the first #1 draft pick in the illustrious history of the University of Kentucky. Wow!  Join us in our Live Chat now by clicking the LiveStream tab above., Join us in the NOW in the LiveChat for the 2010 NBA Draft!  Click on the LiveStream tab above!, Go to the tabs above and scroll to the right and
 click on "LiveStream" to join us at 7:25 p.m. ET as CoachCal.com editor
 David Scott video-blogs with Coach's Facebook Commenters. David, in 
Boston, will have insight, tidbits and maybe even a few surprises 
including giveaways and special guests!!! Join in the commenting and conversation
 as the Draft Cats celebrate their big night in NYC., Remember we'll be in Louisville Friday, 6/25 on 
our Satellite Camp tour. Call (800) 852-2875 or register online: http://tinyurl.com/2c2j5hb
I'm expecting big crowds again and can't wait to see all the blue around us in L'ville! The Draft draws closer. . . ., I wanna be a part of it - NEW YORK, NEW YORK - on my way to the Draft to see OUR kids live out their dreams. I've got chills just thinking about it.
Sorry to see Italy lose in the Cup, but just as happy for Landon Donovan and the U.S. Team - what an incredible way to unite our country around sports.
Stay tuned to Facebook tonight b4 and during the Draft, we're planning frequent updates., What a powerful and emotional trip to Haiti. Please listen to my audio
 tweet by calling 888-659-7863 or visiting: http://bit.ly/ao2PSi 
Best way to keep up w/Coach's Lexy - text: "ADD COACH CAL" to 68948 
Don't miss a WORD from Coach Cal!, A huge day for UK Basketball and our five Draft Cats, but the impact of yesterday's trip to Haiti still resonates. WKYT has some video from the visit and will be showing more beginning July 1. Here's their package from Wednesday: http://bit.ly/WKYTHaiti 
Please also check out some of my thoughts at CoachCal.com: 
 http://bit.ly/HaitiTrip, Just off his one-day trip to Haiti, Coach Calipari reflects on his visit to  the earthquake-ravaged nation & also on his first season at UK, which officially "wras up" w/Thursday night's NBA Draft. "This may be the biggest day in the history of Kentucky 
basketball," Coach Cal says. Read more and hear Coach's explanation for that statement at: http://bit.ly/HaitiTrip (CoachCal.com Staff), We are back from a day-long trip to Haiti. For now, I just want to say this: Your kindness and support for our brothers and sisters of Haiti is helping. They are a resilient people & so courageous too. It was an amazing day. I'll give you some more thoughts on the visit for the morning at coachcal.com. Big day Thursday in the Big Apple! Gotta get some rest., Congrats 2 our outstanding Media Relations Dept. on its various awards from CoSIDA. Especially 4 the UK men’s basketball yearbook which was judged 2009-10's “Best Special Event Program in the Nation.” It was written and edited by Assoc. Ath. Dir. DeWayne Peevy & Asst. Dir. 4 Media Relations John Hayden w/support from others. How about getting ur own copy? I signed 1 in 10. Order the collector's item here: http://tinyurl.com/3xmf6nj, Might be adding a surprise guest to our UK Pro 
Camp.  Until that's finalized, make sure u get your guess in & we'll
 reveal the pros next wk. Remember only the answers listed among the 
comments at: http://twitpic.com/1ysuqg will be 
counted. Winners still get the same magazine w/all 5 sigs, Need to send out birthday wishes to a valuable member of our program, Brandon Weems. "Weemsy" has been a hard-working, energetic and important grad assistant for us & has a huge future in our business. Happy BDay Brandon!, FoxSportsSouth.com has exclusive video with Coach Calipari discussing Thursday's NBA Draft and UK's "Draft Cats." Get Coach's Top 6 overall picks, his projections on where the Wildcats will be drafted and get a feel for just how excited Coach Cal is to be in NYC with his kids on Thursday. 
Check it all out at just one place: http://bit.ly/calfoxss (CoachCal.com Staff), Self-proclaimed "Proud Papa," Coach Calipari checks in after attending his 2nd  Kicks for Kids event in Cincy w/Doug Pelfrey. Coach discusses the emotions & excitement of Draft Week 4 the Draft Cats & projects Patrick Patterson as a 10-15 year NBA player. http://bit.ly/bIP9Nw
Sign up for Coach's Lexys by texting: "ADD COACH CAL" to 68948 (CoachCal.com Staff), Check out the video in the bottom righthand corner of this link and we think you'll recognize a few of our Draft Cats - if this doesn't get you jacked for the NBA Draft, nothing will!!! http://es.pn/catsinespnpromo (CoachCal.com Staff), Wanted 2 wet ur whistle w/a few dates to keep in mind for our Pro Camps, where 3 ex-Cats will b bak on campus. The dates are 7/29-31; runs all 3 days, 9-12am (ages 7-11) & 1-4pm (ages 12-18). Cost will be $199 & format will see each pro attend one full day of camp 4 both age groups. More info. 2 follow later this week.
1 more thing: I want 2 thank Mark & Mike Critchfield at 
Critchfield Meats 4 their help w/our Father/Son Camp cookout. http://www.critchfieldmeats.com/, Sometimes, there are stories you read that just really stick with you. This was one of those very stories about young UK fan who died Friday serving his country: http://bit.ly/cbT6aJ
I was able to speak with Staff Sgt. James Hunter's dad, Tom, earlier today & I look forward 2 time when I can meet James's family & share all of the Big Bliue Nation's appreciation for what James was doing to protect our freedoms. Let's all send our thoughts & prayers to James's family & friends., On my way back to Lex from Memphis & heading to watch Bradley play baseball at Applebee's Park - how great is that on Father's Day?!?! I was able 2 c Patrick Patterson's workout w/the Grizzlies 2day & I thought he did really well. http://bit.ly/ppatgriz
I also spoke w/Grizz owner Michael Heisley, head coach Lionel Hollins and GM Chris Wallace. Got 2 spend sometime w/my good friend George Sneed too. Great day and so proud of Patrick., Even with a 1-1 tie today, I still have faith in the Italians at the World Cup. Of course, I'm rooting for the U.S. as well - still trying to figure out that call from the other day! I've seen some questionable officiating through the years, but that has to take the cake!!! Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there and to my dad, Vince, thank you for everything - enjoy your day!, Hope u enjoyed my Observations from Father/Son Camp. We need all the feedback we can get 2 continue 2 make this a must-attend event 4 dads & their sons - detailed feedback to Coach@coachcal.com; comments accepted below if u attended. 
This camp got me even more fired up 4 Friday's (June 25) camps in Lville. I want to see grandmas, grandpas, aunts, uncles, sisters, brothers - every1 - come out & enjoy our satellite camps. More info: http://bit.ly/lvillesatcamps, Dad/son Camp 2010, Pt. 4: There r several hilites from camp but 1 of the things that has really stuck w me in 2 yets is Friday nite at the dorms. We were taking pix & signing autographs & the fathers & sons were all messing around & eating pizza - just a great scene. What it's all about, isn't it?, Dad/son camp observations, Pt. 3: Dads r the WORST picture takers ever. They press the wrong button, they put their thumb in front, they turn the camera off. It's incredible!!! There was 1 mom there, she had 2 cameras in 1 hand, held a coke & had 3 kids w/her. She took her pics in 2 seconds. I'm serious!!, Dad/son camp observations. Pt. 2: We did a drill where the father and son race to the ball, dive to get it, and then try to score on the defender. I could not believe the site of dads absolutely wiping out their sons to get that ball!! Some tough youngsters!!!, Cal's Observations from Father/Son Camp 2010, Part 1: It's so funny how competitive we r w/our sons. It's in our genes not to let them beat us! U give them just enuf hope, and then u win!! Even if they're 4 yrs old!, What a day! You can't imagine the fun these fathers and sons are having out our camp! It's amazing to see these guys interact - tough to tell who enjoys it more! I'll give a few observations throughout the day on the sights and sounds of Father/Son Camp 2010, so stay tuned for some hilarious moments I was able to witness., Listen to Coach Cal's Father's Day Weekend Lexy and find out why he fears for the safety of some of the dads at this year's Father/Son Camp (!!!) and what his dad, Vince, has meant to him throughout the years. Call - 888-659-7863; visit: http://bit.ly/dn0uFU or, best of all, text "ADD COACH CAL" to 68948
We'll have updates from Father/Son Camp tonight and tomorrow., A neat weekend coming up with our Father/Son Camp getting underway later today. Last year's was one of my first TRUE introductions to what the Big Blue Nation is all about. It's going to be a blast and hopefully we're creating some great memories for fathers and sons alike. More camp info: http://bit.ly/dadsoncamp
Enjoy your weekend and be safe out there. . . Go Big Blue!, Tremendous photo gallery of John Wall working out at the Wizards facility 2day: http://bit.ly/wallwiz
In some photos u can see another of my former point guards, Sammy Cassell. Sam was 1 of my favorites in the League when I coached. He was a guy that truly had "amnesia" & could put a bad quarter, half, or game behind him quickly & move on. It's the "NEXT" philosophy I try & instill in players & Sammy exemplified it., I was getting my "hairs cut" (As the Caliparis say!!) & got 2 watch some of the World Cup. I don't know a heckuva lot about soccer. But I do no abt teams that play as 1 unit where each player has their brother's back. That's what strikes me abt the WC - the passion & desire the athletes have in representing their countries. I hope 1 day 2 b involved w/our nat'l team & experience some of that internat'l competition 2., Don't forget that Father's Day is Sunday.  How 
about signing Dad up for our Father-Son Camp on Friday-Saturday?: http://tinyurl.com/yb5n3sw
Also, here's a behind-the-scenes look 
at John Wall's photo 
shoot for ESPN the Magazine: http://tinyurl.com/2vgx67m
Have a great day everyone. . ., Went to Saint Joseph's Basilica one of the 
original 4 diocese in the US. Father Bill Hammer, Scott Padgett's pastor 
growing up took us on a tour and we lit a candle for my mom. Stunningly beautiful place.
Also, how about this cover shot of John Wall from ESPN the Magazine? Wow. That's our guy!!!, We're underway with pictures and autographs in Bardstown and today's attendees get bonus autographs with Delk, 
Padgett, Liggins, Hood, Miller & Harrellson signing too!!! Another great group and looking forward to more attentive and responsive kids being given instruction., Had lunch at Stone Hearth in E-Town w/ the staff. 
Owners Judy & Kenny Logsdon have a great place & great food. I hear Judy does all the real 
work. HaHa! Also, thanks to Shawn Rich for the hospitality. Next stop: 
Bardstown., Morning everyone - another great day on our Satellite Camp tour. A long line for autographs this 
morning in Elizabethtown - I just follow the lead of the pros, Scott Padgett and Tony Delk as they sign autographs!!! We'll be in Bardstown later today - hope to see you soon. Go Big Blue!!!, One more thing after a busy day on the road: The Chef who will prepare our Hoops for Haiti dinner with Ashley Judd has unveiled a first-draft of the menu that will be served once a date is set for the special meal. CoachCal.com has the details: http://bit.ly/H4HMenu
We're back on the road Wednesday to E-Town and B-Town - see you all there. . ., Grubbing down with some food from Mallard's in Danville. Ready to watch Rajon and the Celts try and close it out. Every time I watch him, I wish I would hav had a chance to coach him!!! Go Big Blue and Big Green!!, Wow, what a great day. In between getting out and meeting our next generation of Big Blue Nation supporters (in Somerset and Danville), we were fortunate enough to have lunch at Frank Ikerd's Estate. Wednesday, we head to "E-Town and B-Town" with a stop in Elizabethtown (9-Noon) & 
Bardstown (4-7 pm). Still spots available: Call (800) 852-2875 or register online: http://tinyurl.com/2c2j5hb, I'm standing outside a record store & there's a line 2 get Drake's debut album, "Thank Me Later." http://bit.ly/thankmel8r 
Even this old Sinatra fan knows good music. Drake is part of our family - La Familia!!
Also, I want 2 wish a happy Bday 2 the best in his business, DeWayne Peevy, our media relations Director. All the stuff he has to deal w/at the country's most visible program & I've never seen him get rattled. Beyond that, he's a great father, husband, son & a true friend., Let's help the Southwestern HS Conservation Club 
build the Liberty Nature Center, a top of the line center focused on 
environmental issues. Please help them by voting every day in June. A 
grant will be given to the group that receives the most votes. http://tinyurl.com/28klfd5
The Southwestern HS Raptor Program is the only one
 of its kind in the nation, run solely by students., Another day on our Satellite Camps Tour 2010 - we started off in Somerset this morning and will head to Danville this afternoon. More info here: 
http://tinyurl.com/2c2j5hb
So nice to see the enthusiasm our young people have for the Commonwealth's team - really invigorating and another sign of what this program means to the state. Go Big Blue!!!, Day One of our Satellite Camps Tour 2010 is winding down and we had a great group at our Williamsburg stop. Check out the remainder of the schedule here: 
http://tinyurl.com/2c2j5hb
As for the defending World Cup champs, Italy - they squeezed out the tie 2day w/Paraguay & next up for the "Azzurri" will b New Zealand next Sunday. My man Daniele De Rossi came thru today. Going to need to play better going forward. (And u thought I only knew basketball!!!), Our morning stop on the 2010 Satellite Camp Tour was in London & we all had a great time w/the young people there. Next up: Williamsburg at 4 p.m. 
http://tinyurl.com/2c2j5hb 
BTW, GO ITALY SOCCER!! Defend that title! Just keep the those vuvuzelas out of Rupp!!!! LOL!!! I agree w/TSN's Mike DeCourcy: if Italy wants to join the SEC, I'm all for it! Once a year to Rome sounds good to me!, Hear Coach Calipari's first comments on conference expansion, Tom Izzo and the "bully pulpit" of UK basketball. ONLY at Lexy.com:  http://bit.ly/aFi7nE 
If you haven't already done so, sign up to hear directly from Coach by texting "ADD COACH CAL" to 68948. Let Coach Cal talk directly to you and hear him in his own voice! (CoachCal.com Staff), Heading out to our first day of satellite camps - let's all make this a GREAT week. Go Big Blue!!!, We start our Satellite Camps tomorrow in London & Williamsburg. Call (800) 852-2875 or register online and see more camp dates here: http://tinyurl.com/2c2j5hb, I hope everyone is having a restful Sunday. I had to share this link with you: http://nyti.ms/draketimes
It's a big feature in the Sunday NY Times on our guy, Drake, whose new album releases Tues. It's been great getting to know Drake & I'm so proud of all he's doing 2 make his dreams into realities. He is a true part of our family. Make it happen, Drake!, Really having a grt day w/Ellen. Just left the Lexington Farmer's mkt. If ur near the new 5th/3rd Pavilion, it's a must stop on a Sat. (open til 3pm). http://bit.ly/farmrmkt
We were going crazy w/all the local fresh fruit, veggies & food 2 eat. Had a sandwich & crepes from Cookin' Up Kentucky's Chef Graves; stopped at Dad’s Favorites 4 some cheez spread; & from Oliva Bella I got a btl of olive oil., What do you think about your Wildcats playing in 
Windsor, Ontario in August? http://bit.ly/aH8fSQ 
It is a unique opportunity for our program to 
spread the Big Blue Nation's mist into Ontario, Canada. What it does for our young team is immeasurable as
 far as helping us all get to know each other. Advance tickets can be purchased starting Monday, June 14 by phone at 519.253.3000 ext. 2437, Please be aware that Coach Calipari's Twitter account is now "TWITTER VERIFIED" as the ONLY, Official Twitter account of Coach Cal http://twitter.com/help/verified
The REAL John Calipari is at: http://twitter.com/UKCoachCalipari
Don't settle for imposters!!! (CoachCal.com Staff), I was sitting in the backyard this A.M., reading John Maxwell's most recent book  ("Everyone 
Communicates, Few Connect") & as I was relaxing I decided 2 have our office workers, managers & staff over 4 a lunch-time cookout. What a wonderful time we had & yes, I COOKED!!! A good friend of mine told me, "If u can't get away, just stay home." That's what I did & sharing it w/ those who make my life easier was perfect., A couple of things for you to check out as we all wait for Rajon and the Celtics to tie up the NBA Finals series tomorrow night!
First, Coach Cal discusses the off-season a bit at CoachCal.com: http://bit.ly/c84HoZ
Next, earlier today, UK's world travelers, Jon Hood and Josh Harrellson, discussed their trip to China with assembled media: http://bit.ly/bxbGHM
 (CoachCal.com Staff), I'm in the office for the 1st time in a bit & I'm blown away by all the cards & notes u all have sent to me concerning my Mom. I'm forwarding all ur well-wishes to her. Also, keep the prayers & positive thoughts coming. We hav been receiving encouraging news - she's not out of the woods yet, but where it could have gone & where it is instead heading, is nothing short of miraculous at this point., Just a reminder that Coach Cal's Guest Lexycaster this week is assistant coach Orlando Antigua. Coach O gives some reflections on his first year at UK and updates on incoming players. You can listen here: http://www.lexy.com/#/feed?id=1497
Or, better yet, sign up for Lexy by texting "Add Coach Cal" to 68948. (CoachCal.com Staff), Hope everyone is doing well. Thanks for your continued support and well wishes for my mom.
Wanted to make everyone aware that my newest instructional video for point guards - with Chicago Bull Derrick Rose - is now available from Championship Productions: http://bit.ly/aBOK7M 
I know there is great value for players of all ages. The DVD gives a super look into the effort and skills that have made Derrick an NBA All-Star., A new post at CoachCal.com discusses Coach Cal's active role with, and on behalf of, the "Draft Cats." Check it out: http://bit.ly/bc1RhF (CoachCal.com Staff), The Big Blue Nation joins all of basketball in extending sympathy and well wishes to the family of John Wooden and to the UCLA basketball family as well. Coach Wooden was probably the best coach ever, in any sport. A true gentleman and an incredible leader. Rest peacefully, Coach Wooden., We just got more encouraging news on mom.  One more important hurdle on Monday. It's been a blessing thus far! Thx for those prayers...they r working! Enjoy ur weekend and be safe., Let's all send our thoughts and prayers to John Wooden - the Wizard of Westwood. What an inspiration he has been for so many years to so many people. The Big Blue Nation is thinking of you Coach Wooden., Along with my staff, I will again travel around the 
state of Kentucky in June & August to teach basketball 2 the Commonwealth's youths. 6/14 - London & Williamsburg;  6/15 - Somerset
 & Danville; 6/16 - Elizabethtown & Bardstown; 6/25 - 
Louisville; 8/5 - Mason County & Newport. Registration is avail at www.ukathletics.com/camps. For more 
info, contact the UK Bball office at (800) 852-2875., Just a quick update on my mom because all of you have been so considerate to her during this difficult time. We got some encouraging news today and I can't help but think all your prayers are working - please keep them coming. I'll pray the Rosary for her today. Hope you all enjoy the day and again, thank you Big Blue Nation for your huge hearts., Headed to Destin for the SEC meetings. It will be good to see all the SEC coaches and administrators. Last year, I felt like I didn't know anybody and I was the new kid on the block! Now, the new kid is my former player and assistant, Tony Barbee, the head coach at Auburn. Hope you all had a great weekend and enjoy your short week. Go Big Blue!, Let's all remember the significance of this day and honor those who have - and are - protecting the freedoms we enjoy in this great country. Have a great day and be safe out there. Go Big Blue!, One of our own won the Indy 500 - well, sort of! Ashley Judd's husband, Dario Franchitti won his second Indy after leading for 155 of the 200 laps. What a week for Ashley and Dario - first she gets a Masters degree from Harvard's JFK School of Government and then Dario dominates the Brickyard. The Big Blue Nation is proud of both of you!, Thanks for all the well wishes for my mom. I hope everyone is enjoying the long weekend and doing so safely. Go Big Blue!, We are able to confirm that en route to the 2010 EA Sports Maui Invitational, 
UK will make a stopover in Portland, Ore., to take on the Univ. of 
Portland on Nov. 19. Portland gives us the opportunity to play in a great basketball city with a great venue, and more importantly, gives Terrence Jones a chance to go home and play in front of his family and friends., Let's all take this message to heart this weekend especially: The Kentucky Office of Highway Safety is having their annual “Click It 
or Ticket” campaign thru June 6. Everyone take a few seconds to buckle up 
& Drive Smart KY! And while you're at it, honor a Veteran or someone in our armed forces. Go Big Blue!!!, Just want to remind everyone to have a very SAFE and enjoyable holiday weekend. Enjoy the time with family and friends and remember to behave responsibly in everything you do. Go Big Blue!!!, I'm travelling today, first to Philadelphia for the funeral of a true "Basketball Bennie," John Hardnett. My relationship with John was one of the stronger ones I've had during my career. There's a void in Philly hoops and I'm not sure how it gets filled with John gone. RIP, my friend. http://bit.ly/beuBZI
I'll then head to Charlotte to be with my mom and dad. You can't imagine how much your well wishes and prayers mean to my family. Thank you, everyone., I'm travelling today, first to Philadelphia for the funeral of long-time friend and true "Basketball Bennie," John Hardnett. My relationship with John was one of the stronger ones I've had throughout my career. There is a void in Philadelphia today and I'm not sure how it gets filled. RIP John: http://bit.ly/beuBZI
I will then go to Charlotte in the afternoon to be w/my mom - thank you all for your well wishes, you can't imagine how much they mean., Before we hit the Holiday weekend, there are a few things I want to share with you and they can be found at CoachCal.com: http://bit.ly/dvMZjZ
Also be sure to check out the "Daily Cal" for an update on our social and traditional media efforts: http://bit.ly/bB8FXW, Wow! Looks like another poster I'll need done up for the office!, Sorry for the late post, got caught up watching the Celtics and Magic play.  Didn't want to miss Motivational Monday, though: everyday, think about what you can do to make someone feel special.  Whether at a restaurant, at the library, or at church, you can make someone's day.  Check out my Lexypost at 888-659-7863, text ADD COACH CAL to 68948, or visit CoachCal.Lexy.com., Ok - it's time 4 one last push 4 our friend, Erin Andrews, as Dancing w/the Stars begins its 2 nite finale on ABC. Once voting re-opens, u can vote 4 Erin & Maksim by texting "Vote" to 3403 or visit abc.com. I'm told Erin is a bit of an underdog, so I'm asking Big Blue Nation 2 help put her over the top - she has worked so hard & overcome so much just to get to this point. We're proud of u & pulling 4 u EA!!!, Busy week here as we get ready for Memorial Day weekend - can you believe that? It's already summer!! Trying to get some office work done and then get some time with Ellen and Brad later on. I have a Motivational Monday Lexycast coming up today that you'll want to check out as well. Let's make it a great week - maybe it can start tonigt with Rajon advancing to the Finals!!!, The Vitale event on Friday was unbelievable & over $1 million was raised 4 The V Foundation for Cancer Research. I know ur not going to believe this but Bruce Pearl & I got on stage together & auctioned off tix 2 our game againts the Vols in Lex. (Obviously, they were my tickets!!!) U know who was part of the winning bid? Kenny Chesney, who says he's coming to the game! Just an amazing nite with two deserving honorees in Tom Izzo & Tony Dungy., The Vitale event on Friday was unbelievable & over $1 million was raised 4 The V Foundation for Cancer Research. I know ur not going to believe this but Bruce Pearl & I got on stage together & auctioned off tix 2 our game againts the Vols in Lex. (Obviously, they were my tickets!!!) U know who was part of the winning bid? Kenny Chesney, who says he's coming to the game! Just an amazing nite with two deserving honorees in Tom Izzo & Tony Dungy., On my way to Vitale gala tonight. Dick Isai passionate about charity. He's in the HOF because he's a builder not a demolition man. He's done more for players and coaches and the college game than anyone in our history.  He has never budged or change his values.  That's why he's sustained his popularity and presence.  And without his wife Lorraine to keep him in check we would all be in trouble!!!, Dickie V dinner tonight, gonna be unbelievable.  He's more than just a sports figure - he raises money and does things you don't really know about.  Out on the beach running today, thinking and visualizing, trying to recharge my batteries. Hear more in my Lexy by calling 888-659-7863, texting ADD Coach Cal to 68948, or visiting CoachCal.Lexy.com.  Happy Friday all!, Terrence Jones & Eloy Vargas have signed a 
financial aid offer 2 play at UK. Terrence is perfectly suited 4 our 
dribble-drive offense. He’s a lefty who can score inside & out. His ability in open space is 
what makes him a special player. Eloy is a long, big forward - skilled 
both offensively & defensively. He adds a shot-blocking presence & a
 versatile front-court player 2 next yr's team. Now let's get 1 more!!!, Signed, empty bottles available for $50 (local pick up in Lexington) or $60 w/ S&H. $5 from each sale will go 2 the United Way 4 TN and KY flood victims. Limited # remain. On my way 2 the Dickie V gala on Fri nite - always an emotional evening w/good friends & peers. It's the side of Dickie V. I wish... every1 could see - he & Lorraine are 2 of the best!, I know a lot of you didn't know John Hardnett, the gentleman who we all sent condolences to yesterday. Read this story from Phil Jasner in Philadlephia, and you will: http://bit.ly/9C8WEa
Amazing stuff. Let's continue to pray for John's many fans and disciples. He was a special man., Important news from the Calipari Family 
Foundation for Children & the United Way: 4 a limited time, 
several hundred, empty  Maker's Mark bottles signed by Coach Cal r 
available 4 purchase. $5 from ea. sold bottle will go 2 flood relief
 in both Nashville & portions of Kentucky (thru the
 United Way). Bottles r available on a first-come, first-served 
basis. Click here: http://bit.ly/d2I7TP (CC.com Staff), Our 17 year old finally turned 18 today! He's just
 a baby, but he's big though. Plus he's pretty good. Happy Birthday, 
Enes! Hope everyone enjoys their Thursday. Go Big Blue!, I had the honor of speaking at the Alltech 
Symposium this morning at the invitation of Dr. Pearse Lyons. An 
incredible group of people and what a tremendous Kentucky company and 
group of committed individuals Dr. Lyons oversees. I have to thank 
everyone for their hospitality and graciousness. Hope I didn't put 
anyone to sleep!!! http://bit.ly/cNi8YJal, Some really sad news to start the day. Philadelphia's John Hardnett 
passed away yesterday. John was one of the great developers of young men
 and someone who helped kids for all the right reasons, never asking for
 anything in return. Our basketball family mourns his loss and we ask 
that everyone pray for John's friends and family. http://bit.ly/bSCpOA, Good luck to our guys tonight. May this be the first step in making their dreams come true., Let's try and keep up with our travelling 'Cats in China - Josh and Jon - by checking out the Sports Reach running diary: http://sportsreach.org (be patient, lots of interest in the team!)
Also, a CAMP REMINDER - we've combined this year's UK Team Camps into one session: Sign up now for June 11-13. http://tinyurl.com/yavdd3w 
Don't forget - Draft Lottery is tonight, prior to Rajon and the Celts on ESPN. (CoachCal.com Staff), Just had a great lunch w/DeMarcus and Eric. Wanted 2 c them b4 they head 2 Chicago, becuz obviously I can't b there w/them. We talked 4 about 2 hrs. about the whole experience of the "combine" & how important it is that they represent themselves well at all times. I wanted to try and take some of the anxiety away from the experience. Good kids & we all know they'll do great!, With my 2 baby boys! Both are getting ready to go to the combine in Chicago. They will do great!, Been a busy Monday - spoke at the "Champions for Cures" breakfast this morning and lots of office work this afternoon. I had to take a minute and thank Darryl Issacs for hosting the get-together yesterday at his home. So good to be able to share time with Joker and so many of our friends and supporters. We really do have the greatest fans in America! Go Big Blue!, Just a reminder on our rules & standards 4 commenting here at Coach Cal's Facebook page: Any comment that attacks an individual, uses crude language or violates the spirit of community Coach is trying 2 foster thru his social media will b deleted & the commenter will b banned. This is an open forum 4 fans of UK & people of all ages r welcome. We won't allow a few to ruin it 4 the many. (CoachCal.com Staff), It's Motivational Monday on Coach Cal's 
Lexycast. Nothing of significance is done alone!! Call: 888-659-7863. 
Visit: http://bit.ly/9dwWmI or, best 
yet, sign up by texting "Add Coach Cal" to 68948. (CoachCal.com Staff), Let's hear it for some of our UK teams! Men's tennis to the Sweet 16, softball to the NCAAs and what a turnaround for our baseball team. To 
overcome losing a top pitcher AND a 2nd starter to mono mid-season, and now to 
winning 5-of-6 in SEC, wow - including its first sweep of LSU in nearly 20 years. 'Til the Battle is Won, Go Big Blue!, Coach Calipari discusses the need to 'recharge the batteries' and reiterates his Tweet and FB post from Friday morning. 
Call Lexy 4 more: 888-659-7863. Or visit Lexy.com. Easiest of all: Text 'Add Coach Cal' to 68948 and never miss a Cal Lexycast (CoachCal.com Staff), Good morning! As you know, I've said many times that I've 
got the best job in the country.  Still the speculation runs wild and I 
can't stop that. I want to address this with the Big Blue Nation 
one last time, I will be coaching at Kentucky next year. Now let's 
finish what we started!, Wow - what a nice evening at our house to honor Cal's Pals for Haiti. Some of the best and most caring people Ellen and I have met since we've been here. Just incredible. Here I am with the amazing staff from BHG - the food was amazing and they did everything with class, as usual. Thanks to the BHG folks for all their kind contributions and to everyone for making it a memorable night. We are truly blessed., Looking forward to 2nite's special gathering to thank Cal's Pals for Haiti, the group of folks who matched the money we raised through the Hoops for Haiti telethon. Lots of people to thank for getting tonight's event together, but wanted to be sure to show appreciation for the BHG group that will be catering and to the Red Cross for their support. Should be a great night., The Calipari Family Foundation for Children's special sale of 200 signed Coach Cal bottles has ENDED. Ur response was overwhelming!!! If we can convince Coach 2 sign some more, we will have future signed empty bottle specials - perhaps we can tie something in w/Nashville flood relief for our fellow SEC fans? Please discuss in Comments & offer suggestions if this sounds like a good idea. (CoachCal.com Staff), For a limited time - on a first come, 
first-served basis - the Calipari Family Foundation for Children is 
selling 200 Coach Cal-SIGNED EMPTY bottles for $59.99 (includes shipping).  Signed bottles, 200 
ONLY, ORDER HERE: http://bit.ly/cDnntl 
With only 
8,000 in circulation these bottles are more rare and potentially more 
valuable than the full bottles. Makes a perfect
 grad or dad gift!, The Calipari Family Foundation for Chidlren's 
website shares some exciting news from Memphis, where Coach Calipari 
previously coached: http://bit.ly/cPD86K (CoachCal.com Staff), I have to thank the Mills Family one more time for their generous donation to our Hoops for Haiti efforts with their winning bid to go to last night's Cavs-Celts game in CLE. We had a great time and they are such wonderful, kind-hearted people. It's special for me to know these are the type of folks who populate Big Blue Nation. Thanks! Go Big Blue!, BTW, I'm         
                          at the CLE-BOS playoff game with 
Tommy Mills and family. He won the bid on this package for Hoops for Haiti 
telethon. Great guy with a great family - happy we were finally able to make it happen. Thanks to Royce and Brent for dinner!! How about Rajon Rondo? I love his game. He's not afraid 
and he beats you 10 different ways. Kentucky should be proud!, If you watch closely, you should be able to see me at the Cavs-Celts game (it's on TNT, 8 PM ET). You know it's a tought one for me - LeBron on one side and Rajon on the other. Maybe it can end in a tie!!! Great atmosphere here - these people love their basketball the way BBN does., Let's support Joker and the football team. Be GAM3DAY READY and get your UK 
Football season ticket renewals in on Friday (deadline for renewals). Go online here: http://tinyurl.com/2dubl3x
Let's all get behind our other sports in any way we can - Big Blue Nation is about showing the love to ALL our student-athletes., I know we caused a bit of a stir last time I encouraged Big Blue Nation to vote  for Erin Andrews (1-800-868-3403 or abc.com) and her partner on Dancing With the Stars (1-800-868-3403 or abc.com), but I trust all of you realize that I will always support my friends and people I have a great deal of respect for (1-800-868-3403 or abc.com). It's a TV show folks! Have some fun and let's show Erin the power of BBN., I can't tell you how impressed I am with the job UK baseball coach Gary Henderson is doing with the Wildcats team. How about taking 2 of 3 from No. 4-ranked South Carolina over the weekend? Coach Henderson's squad has now beaten 9 ranked teams, including 5 ranked in the Top 10. Let's support the team as they battle for the final SEC tournament spot. Go Big Blue Baseball!!!, 1st, to clarify something: My 1st pitch at the 
UK game on Fri nite was a rising fastball; at the Legends game last 
nite, I went w/a slider - even if it looked like a one-hopper!!! BTW, no
 truth 2 the rumor I'm going 2 the Yankees.
Seriously, 2 all the moms
 (for me, Donna and Ellen), thx 4 all u do. U hav full-time jobs raising
 children & then 2 think of how many hav an additional full-time job
 - incredible!!! Enjoy., Great turn out at the Legends game for the empty bottle signing. I'm getting loose for my 2nd straight nite throwing out a 1st pitch. I knocked the UK catcher bak a bit last nite w my fastball! May try the curve tonite!, First off, congrats to ALL our UK graduates and their families. Also, a reminder that tonight's Legends signing will be the final public opportunity to get your EMPTY Coach Cal bottle signed. Coach will sign all empties - those bought at the Legends game and those previously bought elsewhere - with a 6:30 p.m. cut-off on all signing. (To allow Coach and Brad time to enter the park for the ceremonial fist pitch.) Each bottle bought at the Legends game comes with a free game ticket. More info: http://bit.ly/d4Ts4K (CC.com Staff), I got out and golfed a bit with Brad yesterday afternoon - I'm starting to think I've given him too many tips too soon in his golfing career! The good news is I can still beat him!!!
Looking forward to throwing out the first pitch tonight at the UK baseball game and then tomorrow night's EMPTY bottle signing at the Legends game. More info on the signing: http://bit.ly/d4Ts4K, Another day of special birthday wishes, as today we celebrate the birthday of the leader of our campus,
 UK President Lee T. Todd. I've enjoyed getting 2 know President Todd and his family over the past
 year and appreciate everything the Todds do for this great university. They are special people and have been huge supporters of our program. Happy Birthday Mr. President!, Check out the video from Monday's press conference with Mike Gottfried from Team Focus at the link below. After that, Call Lexy to hear Coach Cal's latest post regarding the contract extension: 888-659-7863 or text
 ADD COACH CAL to 68948 or go to: http://coachcal.lexy.com - (CoachCal.com Staff), There r very few women who could both put up w me, put me in my place and put me where I need to b everyday: My mom of course. Ellen, my daughters and my sisters. But the only one who can do it without being related to me? My personal assistant Lunetha Pryor, who today celebrates her birthday. Enjoy the day Lunetha and thx for all u do., Throughout my career I've been mentioned for other jobs.  Now that I'm here u won't hear about other colleges because I've got the best job. Every year you will hear my named mentioned for NBA jobs because I coached in the league before.  I'm very happy at Kentucky. Go Big Blue!, I hope we are all praying for our friends in Nashville and other areas hit hard by the flood waters. Let's be sure to lend helping hands in any way we can. These are the times when Big Blue Nation shows its Big Blue Heart to those in need., Wanted to wish a very happy birthday to a heckuva little point guard, Braden Peevy, son of the incomparable DeWayne Peevy. Braden turns 3 today and his dad can't wait to get home and play w/his son's new toy!!! Want to remind everyone of the final EMPTY bottle signing which will take place this coming Saturday, May 8 prior to the Legends game. Details here: http://bit.ly/cCR5Kk, I'm with Coach Mike Gottfried announcing a 
year-round mentoring program we will start with Mike's Team Focus group.
 We are so excited to partner with Mike on this important initiative. 
Learn more: http://bit.ly/c8u2bF, I'm at First Lady Beshear's Celebration of Hope event in Frankfort. Do u guys know who the lady in black is? It's the Nanny, Fran Drescher and her parents. Let's all say a prayer for the cancer survivors and their families. We have to have HOPE., I didn't realize how much the Derby took out of me!!! I want to thank everyone who made it such a special weekend for our family. I think we've turned Brad into a horse racing fan! Even with the rain, Kentucky's spirit was shining all over!! Let's all hav a great week., Who's got a mudder for me?! I'm in the Yum! suite with David Novak and I just met Arnold Palmer who was talking golf with Gov. Beshear., Ellen, Erin, Bradley and I are on the RJ Corman Express to the Derby. What a way to travel! How great does RJ look? A 9-year cancer survivor with the biggest heart and the greatest outlook. I'm lucky to be able to call him my friend., Here's yet another legend... The Kentucky Derby is world class in every way! Hollywood has NOTHING on the Bluegrass in May!, As the Commonwealth readies for the KY Derby, today is is a solemn one nonetheless; let's all be sending prayers to our Big Blue Nation members at the Dotiki mine in Western KY. Two fine young men, Michael Carter and Justin Travis, were lost on Thursday but they will never be forgotten. God Bless our coal miners, their families and their friends., Let’s all take a minute & pray 4 family & friends of Lexington police officer Bryan Durman, who was tragically killed while on-duty Thurs nite. Ways 4 u 2 help: Bill Morgan's Poor Man’s gathering 2nite will hav empty Maker's btles 4 sale w/$7 of ea. going 2 Fraternal Order of Police's Bryan Durman Fund. Also, all KY Central Bank branches will take donations. Or mail: BDurman Fund, PO BOX 1360, Lex, KY 40588-1360, Relaxing at home a little bit b4 I head over 2 the Kentucky Bluegrass Wine Auction which I hear is just a phenomenal event. Looking fwd 2 it. I have 2 tell u all how proud I am of Tyreke Evans, the NBA's Rookie of the Year. I have been blessed 2 b able 2 coach such outstanding young men like Tyreke and last year's ROY, Derrick Rose. Maybe we can get the 3-peat next year w/1 of our guys from in this year's NBA Draft!!, Having a great day in the office and still talking about the Drake 
concert last night. What an incredible performer - I visited with him 
and he is so focused before he goes on stage, it's amazing. Here's some 
video we got from the show.

I'm excited to go to Brad's basketball banquet tonight and hopefully get
 out to enjoy the day a bit. Go Big Blue!, Finishing up a productive day in the office & I'm thinking about going home 2 rest 4 a bit so I can maybe stop by & see Drake tonight at Memorial Gymnasium. With all the support he showed our team, the least I can do is show him a little love while he's here in Lex! My daughters r going 2 b so jealous when I get up on stage & sing w/him! Think he knows any Sinatra?, Wow, the CATSPYs were well done!
 Great night for all our student-athletes. I know ur all going nuts over
 the Larry Brown-inspired concept. So, b4 u go 2 bed - let me give u one clue - it 
involves players. That's it. Have a great night. Make sure u watch the 
CATSPYs when they air on WKYT. http://bit.ly/ap5XOo, I hear people are going crazy  wondering what Coach Brown & I talked about & what this "big idea" is all about. Well, I'm going 2 tell all of u Facebook followers 1st before anyone else knows. . . Coach Brown suggested that we *$#@(**&%&*^&%^%$#$##$^^#!!&(##@%(). It's genius isn't it? Cant wait to get it started. Looking forward to the CATSPYS tonight - will be nice to be with some of the team again. Go Big Blue!, Had a great Sunday with the family and was able to watch a little bit more of the NBA Playoffs. LeBron just continues to show what a complete player he is, every time he takes the court. Incredible. Busy week ahead with Derby events and catching up on things I missed while we were recruiting. Let's all make it a great week! Go Big Blue!, Just sitting down at the Time Warner Cable Arena in Charlotte w/my Dad 2 watch Larry Brown's Bobcats play Orlando (TNT, 2 pm ET). Coach Brown continues 2 just get it done, doesn't he? A great Coach who I'm proud 2 call a friend & a mentor. Going 2 go see Mom after the game, I'm already smelling her gravy (sauce) on the stove!!! Congrats 2 all our football Cats who were drafted by NFL teams - UK athletes r the best!, Hear Coach Cal's first public comments on UK signee Doron Lamb on Lexy.com.
Text: "Add Coach Cal" to 68948 or visit: http://bit.ly/cyU4Rq
Don't forget Coach is scheduled to be at the Horse 
Park as part of the Rolex 3-Day Event on Saturday
 morning at 9 a.m. for an empty bottles signing. More info: http://bit.ly/ak2XED, I am so proud of Patrick Patterson and happy for his family. I only wish I had three years to coach him! Then again, he may not have stayed here three years if I was coaching him, as we're seeing this year!!! Make us proud, Patrick.
Don't forget I'm scheduled to be at the Horse Park as part of the Rolex 3-Day Event on Saturday morning at 9 a.m. for an empty bottles signing. More info: http://bit.ly/ak2XED, Caught up on some things around the house this morning and I'm now in the office getting some work done before Patrick's press conference. Hoping I get to see a bunch of you at the Horse Park tomorrow for the Rolex 3-Day Event empty bottle signing beginning at 9 a.m. http://bit.ly/ak2XED, Wow - what a game I just got to witness in Chicago between the Bulls and the Cavs. I was torn - I had Derrick Rose on one side and LeBron on the other. I figured I coudn't lose!!! I'm so proud of Derrick.  Please check out this video of John Wall at CoachCal.com - next year I hope I can go see him in the NBA Playoffs! http://bit.ly/amfPTs, Wow - back in the office & what do I find? A pile of letters & correspondence! But it's great 2 b& back and I'm about 2 head down 2 John's press conference - maybe a little emotional 4 all of us. I speak to the Kentucky Building Material Association this morning and I'm looking forward to seeing Joe Palumbo and all the great people in that group. Go Big Blue & best of luck 2 all our UK players with the the NFL Draft., Exciting News at CoachCal.com regarding Coach Calipari's Saturday morning bottle signing appearance @ rolex 3-day event. Only bottles bought at the 3-Day Event Merchandise tent between now and the signing will be eligible for autographs beginning at 9 a.m. on Sat. More information: http://bit.ly/ak2XED
www.facebook.com/RolexKentucky
www.twitter.com/RolexKentucky (CoachCal.com Staff), Great day on the road - no matter where I am, there's always BBN citizens  reminding me how great this job is.  Can't always do this, but I was struck by simplicity of this request from a close friend: There's a Jr. at Trinity HS who's seen his family deeply affected by cancer. He lives w/his aunt & could use support 4 tuition & prom. If u can help in any way, email Tim Culver: Culver@thsrock.net. A fund 2 is set up., Coming off a special morning where I got to spend time w/2000 of DirecTV's people in Dallas. Back out on the road again and hoping we have some good results this week. Had to remind everyone of the Bluegrass Area's "Salute to Coach Brooks" this Saturday at 6:30 p.m. at Donamire Farm. I won't be able to make it, but I salute Coach Brooks every time I see him - a really special man I have enjoyed getting to know. Show your support. Ticket info: http://bit.ly/c8f5fz, I think u all know how much I  respect & admire ESPN's Erin Andrews & the way she's bounced back fr  some difficult incidents in her life recently. Well now she's doing it on 1 of the biggest  "stages" imaginable - ABC's Dancing w/ the Stars. I'm asking all of BBN 2  support Erin 2nite. And pull 4 her the  rest of the season. Vote by calling (800) 868-3403 or go  online at abc.com!!!, Doing some more travelling today after a super couple of outstanding days in New York where I got to catch up with so many good friends. Hope everyone is enjoying the weekend. One last thing - You people are CRAZY! UK Basketball topped the Olympics in TV ratings for the state! http://bit.ly/cBZ6cq, NEW YORK I want to wake up in a city that never sleeps.  Terrific dinner @ Da Silvano w/ O, T Delk, Slice 
& the Fishers (Jessica, Randi & Mark). Crazy dinner w/ crazy 
people! R u watching the game?
Call Lexy to hear my latest post: 888-659-7863
text ADD COACH CAL to 68948
or go to: http://coachcal.lexy.com/, The Hoops 4 Haiti "Day at Keeneland" hi-bidders enjoyed Fridays races as the special guests of the Nick Nicholson. In addition to being chauffeured 2 the races, the foursome had a private, behind-the-scenes, tour w/ Mr. Nicholson & a private handicapping session w/Mike Battaglia. Coordinated by Kip Cornett, the package also included dinner at Dudley’s & accomodations at the Gratz Park Inn. Photo, L to R: Stuart Smith, Jennifer Stephan, Dave Mathews and Edie Mathews. (CC.com Staff), Some sad news to pass along: My good friend for more than 30 
years,  Irv Saracki, passed. An educator who was involved in basketball 
for years helped many like me. All of the players who benefited
 from his selfless work will miss him. THE BEST! Please share a prayer with the Saracki family and all of Irv's friends. http://bit.ly/9QUplP, What a thrill to be able to officially announce another incredible young man who has chosen to attend UK. I can not wait to coach Brandon Knight and the incoming players and have them join our family: http://www.ukathletics.com/sports/m-baskbl/spec-rel/041610aaa.html, Feeling good about getting on the road again, starting out in New York City on Friday. Wanted everyone to have a chance to see the video of Big Cuz's Big Goodbye from CoachCal.com. Check it out!, Wanted to let you all know that Eric Lindsey over at UK's Cat Scratches blog has posted video of DeMarcus's press conference today. I was so proud of him - he really has grown up so much. I felt like a proud papa watching him explain how much this year meant to him. http://bit.ly/9IMK8Q
Have a great day - I head out recruiting again tomorrow., A busy day, as you may have heard. Early in the day, I was able to take part in a fantastic luncheon in Louisville where 1,200 people came out to support the Boy Scouts of America. Always happy to see Jude Thompson, Paul Varga, Steve Trager and all my great friends in L'ville. Great start to the recruiting period. Let's keep it going. Check out my ESPNU appearance: http://bit.ly/cKaiYb Go Big Blue!, I have 2 thank Joe Craft & Alliance Coal 4 inviting me 2 their executives' dinner last night - what an incredibly committed, hard-working group of folks doing  honorable & important work 4 this country. Just a heads up that I will be calling in 2 ESPNU's recruiting show today (Wed.) at some point between 4 & 6 p.m. Hopefully we will hav a lot 2 talk about w/hosts Paul Biancardi, Lowell Galindo and Adrian Branch!!!, Just did a new Lexycast that I'd love for you all to listen to: http://bit.ly/bsEcWn
I'm doing them just twice a week in the off-season, so I'm trying to jam in as much as I can without rambling on for too long - that's not easy for me!!!
I'd love for you to sign up for Lexy FREE by texting, 'ADD COACH CAL' to 68948, Spending a little time in the backyard this morning with Ellen and the Mean and Nimble One - when they say "It's a dog's life," they must be thinking of our big shedding menace!!! He suns himself, then finds some shade for his nap, then wakes up for lunch. What a life! I'll head into the office soon and get ready for another round of recruiting at the end of the week. Go Big Blue!, Back at the office going through a new pile of letters and paperwork. Good to be home for a few days during the quiet period. Hope everyone is able to get and enjoy the beautiful spring weather that is being shared by much of the country. Go Big Blue!, Hope every1 has a great Sunday. I'm still out on the road & enjoying the fact that no matter where I am, I'm never removed from Big Blue Nation citizens. We really r EVERYwhere. Again, want 2 remind everyone heading 2  Keeneland, Empty Maker's bottles r being sold at  the track 4 just $38 - also 4 sale at caliparifoundation.org.  There will b an empty-only bottle signing later this spring - more info  2 come., I'm out west recruiting but more importantly I'm here w/John Wall 4 the Wooden Awards. I'm so proud of John - it's been an honor 2 coach him & get 2 know him.  Wanted 2 remind everyone who is heading 2 Keeneland this gorgeous weekend: Empty Makers bottles are being sold at the track for just $38 - also for sale at caliparifoundation.org. There will b an empty-only bottle signing later this spring - more info 2 come., I just want to take a moment to let all those affected by the West Virginia mine disaster know that Big Blue Nation's thoughts and prayers are with them. Stay strong and know we're all thinking of you. - Coach Cal (The LiveStream tab above will take you to Keeneland for live coverage of Coach Cal's Maker's bottle signing. - CC.com Staff), Click on the LiveStream tab above and watch for your friends as they get their Maker's Mark bottles signed!!! An amazing scene here at Keeneland - and remember empty bottles will begin being sold at Keeneland today at 11 a.m. There will be a special "Empties Only" signing event later this Spring. (CoachCal.com Staff), Some announcements for u 2 b aware of, courtesy of CoachCal.com: 1. Click the LiveStream button above. U will b able 2 watch Coach Cal's  Keeneland bottle signing Friday around 8 a.m. 2. There will b a special signing ONLY 4 empty bottles. 4 more info and ordering: http://bit.ly/aQol6z 3. Another revealing LexyCast is posted at Lexy.com. Isn't it about time u signed up 4 free by texting: "Add Coach Cal" to 68948, Out on the road recruiting in North Carolina and Virginia today. Looking forward to tomorrow morning's bottle signing at Keeneland and then I'll be right back out on the road. It gets hectic this time of year, but it's always energizing when you're around the type of young men that we recruit at UK. Go Big Blue!!, There's only one place to HEAR Coach Calipari's reaction to the five declarations announced on Wednesday. . . at LEXY. http://www.lexy.com/#/feed?id=1497
Click on the Lexy widget at the CoachCal.com home page or subscribe FREE by texting: "ADD COACH CAL" to 68948., Going to sneak away from the office a bit early and spend some time with
 Ellen, Brad and the Mean and Nimble One. Wanted you all to check out 
the video from today's Heart START! walk (http://bit.ly/aB4EPz) and to 
wish everyone a great rest of the week. I'll be out recruiting starting 
tomorrow, back quickly for the Keeneland Maker's Mark bottle signing 
Friday AM and then right back out on the road. Go Big Blue!!!, Working on a few things at the office and then I'm going to head down to Triangle Park downtown at about 11 a.m. to take part in "Heart Start! Walk Day."  My friend, Royce Pulliam from Urban Active, along with the American Heart Association, are sponsoring the event. http://bit.ly/2pBeR
Take an early lunch and come down and get your heart pumping!!!, Congratulations to Duke & Butler on a super title game. So much 2 talk about, I actually recorded TWO Lexys this morning. I hope you've signed up 4 this FREE service by texting: 'ADD COACH CAL' to 68948 or listen by clicking on the Lexy widget at CoachCal.com. We r in on the groundfloor of some great stuff w/Lexy & I want as many of u 2 join as possible. Subscribe now & be eligible 4 a signed empty Maker's bottle. You can still buy the empties at: www.caliparifoundation.org - they're going fast!, Back in the office and catching up on all the paperwork that has accumulated. Working on our recruiting schedule and some of our plans for the off-season. Just checked on the progress of our charity bottle and they are moving fast. Get 1 of ONLY 8,000 empty Maker's blue bottles - they are even more rare than the full bottles!!! Order yours today: http://caliparifoundation.org/, We had a great Easter day w/Church in the a.m., some quiet time & even a chance 4 me & Brad 2 go hit a few golf balls.  I have a special holiday LexyCast where I talk about the "Catch-22" of recruiting & developing elite level athletes. Check it out by calling 888-659-7863 or visiting - http://bit.ly/d5k9bZ #lexy Subscribe NOW & be entered 2 win a signed, empty Maker's bottle by texting: 'ADD COACH CAL' to 68948, Some things 2 check out while ur waiting 4 the Easter company 2 arrive:
• Only 8,000 of the empty blue bottles will be sold - with 1/3 as many as the full run of filled bottles, these will be even more collectible!! Order NOW as supplies dwindle - http://caliparifoundation.org/
• Watch Coach Cal compete in the LG Cookoff from Saturday: http://bit.ly/bTPqNJ & check out pictures at CoachCal.com - http://bit.ly/93bTir
(CoachCal.com Staff), Just finished up on-set with CBS's Greg Gumbel, Greg Anthony, Seth Davis and fellow SEC Coach, Bruce Pearl discussing tonight's games. If you watched, you noticed I didn't give me picks - but I do on my LexyCast from today. Subscribe by texting: "ADD COACH CAL" to 68948 or visit CoachCal.com and click on the widget on the right side of the home page. Enjoy the games and have a very Happy Easter or whatever holiday you may celebrate on Sunday., Coach Calipari will be appearing on CBS's pre-game "The Final Four Show" tonight alongside Tennessee's Bruce Pearl, probably in the middle of the 4-6 p.m. broadcast. But you don't need to wait til then. NOW ON LEXY: Coach talks about his picks - and a lamb chop that fell right into the trash during his crushing 2 point loss to Mike Brey in the LG Cook-off in Indy. To subscribe, text "ADD COACH CAL" to 68948. (The best LexyCast yet!!!), The tickets 4 the Keeneland signing have sold out. Please understand that because of the unprecedented response 2 this season & the bottle, we had 2 work 2gether 2 come up w/a new method of ticket distribution. It was the only way we could safely ensure a fair & equitable distribution. Enjoy ur Saturday & please check out this update on what Coach Cal will be doing this afternoon: http://bit.ly/duKjAZ (CC.com Staff), Get your place in line for the full Maker's Mark bottle signing on April 9th: http://www.ticketmaster.com/event/16004478ADB25767, Well, we know how fast 24,000 full bottles moved - REALLY fast. Fortunately, Bill Samuels and Maker's Mark have agreed to release an additional 8,000 EMPTY bottles with proceeds going to the Calipari Family Foundation for Children. Empties can be shipped across state lines, unlike the full bottle. This special limited run of CFFC bottles is first come, first served and ONLY at the CFFC's website: http://caliparifoundation.org/, The blue Maker's Mark bottles featuring UK Coach  John Calipari and commemorating the 35-3, SEC Champion, Elite 8 Wildcats  are selling out nearly everywhere in the state. http://bit.ly/9RDQO3  (CoachCal.com Staff), On behalf of the University and its Music Outreach Program, please accept our deepest gratitude for the overwhelming response to the limited edition Maker's Mark bottle. Stores statewide are reporting sell-outs of the one-of-a-kind Blue Bottle. Send along photos if you were in line and lucky enuf to buy a bottle. (CoachCal.com Staff), On behalf of the University and its Music Outreach Program, please accept our deepest gratitude for the overwhelming response to the limited edition Maker's Mark bottle. Stores statewide are reporting sell-outs of the one-of-a-kind Blue Bottle. Send along photos if you were in line and lucky enuf to buy a bottle. (CoachCal.com Staff), Started off early this morning w/the US Basketball Writers Assoc. breakfast where John Wall was honored as National Freshman of the Year and Evan Turner was named Player of the Uear - both deserving young men who represent the best our game has to offer. My buddy Jim Boeheim was named national Coach of the Year - another deserving recipient. I'm hearing the Maker's bottle is flying off shelves - you people are CRAZY!!! Go Big Blue, I've been up since 7, had a great morning and am heading out to the champions lunch.  To hear more on Lexy about what's going on today: call 888-659-7863; http://coachcal.lexy.com; or text
  ADD COACH CAL to 68948, Coach Calipari and John Wall receive their Rupp National Player of the Year  and Coach of the Year trophies. (CoachCal.com Staff), Just back from visiting Kevin Massey in Indy. He looked good. Playing video games, smiling - not talking, but he even threw a football from his wheelchair. Almost knocked me over when I tried to catch it!! Keep those  prayers coming and know they are working. Go Big Blue!, Just posted my first LexyCast from Indianapolis. Got some good rest and revitalization the past few days and I'm ready to see my friends in the coaching fraternity. But before I do so, I'm going to visit Kevin Massey the young boy in Indy whose story touched so many of us. http://www.wkyt.com/blogs/tvtimeout/84723187.html Your prayers and well wishes are working as Kevin is home from the hospital. I talk a bit more about Kevin on the LexyCast - sign up free by texting: 'Add Coach Cal' to 68948, Coach Calipari is en route to Indy where he and John Wall will receive their Rupp Awards later this afternoon. Coach will check in from the road on both Lexy and here at Facebook and on Twitter. In the meantime, with Friday's on-sale of the Calipari Maker's Mark bottle fast-approaching, we wanted to share this "Making of the Bottle" video with you: http://bit.ly/9cD2ZP  (CoachCal.com Staff), Doing some travelling today and tomorrow before I get to Indy. Let's all show our support for Matthew Mitchell's UK Hoops team - I can't wait to watch tonight's game in the Elite 8. Matthew has done an unbelievable job - it's been incredible to watch him guide his team. Go Big Blue!!!, Check out my good friend Frank Ikerd’s new country
 CD, Cindy Standage Vol. II, at www.cindystandage.com.
 Frank is the executive producer and will be donating partial proceeds from the 
CD to the Calipari Family Foundation for Children. There's even a song with lyrics about UK basketball. I start heading to Indy tomorrow. And I'll be Lexy-ing again beginning Thursday., Another indication of just how special this year's team was: John Wall  & DeMarcus Cousins have been named 1st Team  AP All-Americans, becoming the first-ever freshman duo named 2 the AP  1st Team. What an accomplishment 4 those two young men! Working on some things at the office 2day & starting 2 focus on  recruiting. I will be going 2 Indy later this week. Hope everyone is  doing well - Go Big Blue!, Coach Calipari's new lexy is NOW posted. Among the things he discusses:
His thoughts leaving today's Palm Sunday Mass; the foundation that has been built; and his gratitude for all the fan support. Go here: http://www.lexy.com/#/feed?id=1497
or text: 'Add Coach Cal' to 68948 to become a follower (CoachCal.com Staff), We're back in Lexington and spending our Sunday together. It's been amazing to receive all your kind wishes and special memories.
I give a few minutes of my thoughts through Lexy http://www.lexy.com/#/feed?id=1497 as we turn the page on this season and start preparing for next. I'll continue to give LexyCasts through the remainder of the Tournament. Sign up FREE by texting "Add Coach Cal" to 68948., You guys are the greatest fans anywhere - you can't imaghine how much it meant to all of us to come home to a few hundred screaming fans at the airport (see video, although dark, it gives you a feel for the energy). We all thank you from the bottom of our hearts and hope you know how much we appreciate your loyalty, your passion and dedication. Thank you and Go Big Blue! We will be back!!!, West Virginia played a heck of a game and we congratulate them and wish them the best going forward. On a personal note, please join me in applauding our players who've represented Big Blue Nation and given it their all this year. I could not be prouder. All of us want to thank you, BBN, the best fans anywhere for your passion and your loyalty., Much more UK blue in the crowd tonight at the  Carrier Dome. Let's all enjoy this game and hope the Cats can once again  Land the Plane. Just a reminder that the Coach Cal iPhone app is now  just $.99 at App Store. Any1 who signs up between now & the end of 2nite's game will be entered into a drawing for a Coach Cali...pari-signed  Sweet 16 game program. http://bit.ly/9vNZ6L (CoachCal.com Staff), Regional final of the toughest bracket!  Can we win one more??
Call 888-659-7863
Go to: http://coachcal.lexy.com
Text  ADD COACH CAL to 68948
Leave me a voice comment by pressing 2 on the phone or click on Add a Comment on Lexy.com, Ate at Grimaldi's 
at Carrier Circle again 2nite! I think Rita is getting sick of seeing 
us! Had a big band of BBN folks - K Fund had 2 full tables of 
supporters. Felt like eating in Lexington! Wanted 2 let every1 know 
there's a new version (1.4) of the Coach Cal iPhone app. Just $.99 4 
post-season & includes new video ...w/1 of our players sharing his new 
nickname!!! Super updates 2. Portion of $$ supports CFFC. http://bit.ly/9vNZ6L, Not only will tomorrow nite's game vs. WVU decide which team represents the East Region at the Final Four, it will determine which of Lexy's LexyCasters is the last 1 standing in this year's Tournament. Both Coach Calipari & Coach Huggins r part of Lexy's Starting 5 - let's have Big Blue Nation show its support 4 OUR Lexy guy by signing up 4 the FREE service by texting: "Add Coach Cal" to 68948. As a bonus, here's video of Coach Cal's Friday Lexy., The team is having a late breakfast & will 
practice at the Dome after media interviews later 2day.
Please check out a special essay contest 
that is underway at CoachCal.com in conjunction w/Value City Furniture. 6 winners will 
receive home furniture - http://bit.ly/aWuTDV (CoachCal.com Staff), Just announced that UK-WVU for a trip to the Final Four will be at 7 p.m. on Saturday night. (CoachCal.com Staff), Please check out a great new contest from CoachCal.com and Nike where Big Blue Nation is welcomed to show how Tournament Ready they are. With a phenomenal prize package form Nike, it's definitely worth checking out. Be creative and show your Blue Love: http://bit.ly/aPYEIG (CoachCal.com Staff), Just finished my workout and I'm going to grab a nap before lunch and shootaround. We are ready to play the best 12-seed in the history of the NCAA tournament in Cornell and I just want our guys to understand the urgency and passion they will need to play with against such a veteran team.  I hope everyone enjoys the day and the game tonight. Let's land the plane. RTL - Go Big Blue!!!, Game day!!!  Lots of Cornell fans here and its late night game.  To hear my thoughts on what we're doing during the day call 888-659-7863; go to: http://coachcal.lexy.com or text
  ADD COACH CAL to 68948, Just finished up a team meeting after the staff went to Grimaldi's for another fantastic meal from Rita and her hard-working crew.  I have to take a minute out of our preparation to say how proud I am of Tony Barbee, who is going to be the next head coach at Auburn. From coaching him at UMass to coaching WITH him at Memphis and then AGAINST him at UTEP, Tony has earned the Tigers job and will do a great job there., Just arrived at the Dome after a good practice st Syracuse's practice gym. We'll do media & some light shooting here & then go back 2 the hotel for some more rest & studying. Got a message from the folks at Keeneland regarding the April 9 bottle signing: Demand is so big, they’ve revised their distribution plan 4 the signing's 1,200 tickets. Go to www.Keeneland.com for the details., The only pressure on us is to prepare!!!!!
Call 888-659-7863
 http://coachcal.lexy.com
Text:  ADD COACH CAL to 68948, We got 2 Syracuse around 8 p.m. Tuesday night & the good news is it's not snowing! I talked 2 Jim Boeheim earlier this week & asked if he thought he could get his fans 2 root 4 us since our game with Cornell will b like a road game - he didn't think the Orange fans would comply!!!
Wanted everyone 2 check out a neat story the New York Times did on the social networking we are all doing together: http://nyti.ms/bO31Xl, At the office watching tape & I'm really impressed w/the Cornell team & the job Coach Steve Donahue has done w/them. They do everything well and they're going 2 have 20,000 fans or more going crazy 4 them in the Dome on Thurs. night. I share some more thoughts on Cornell & our challenges on 2day's Lexycast. It's free and easy to use. Sign up by texting: "Add Coach Cal" to 68948, ATTENTION: Big Blue Nation. Even though UK has advanced to the Sweet 16, we are actually losing in another Tournament! We currently trail Pitt, Washington and Northern Iowa in the Nike contest launched a couple of weeks ago. Please, give up your Facebook status and help UK move up to No. 1 where we belong!!! "Back Your Cats" by going to: http://bit.ly/cCufYX  Let's show how far the Blue Mist spreads.
(CoachCal.com Staff), Let's get ready!
Leave me a voice comment by pressing 2 on the phone
 or click on Add a Comment on Lexy.com. 
Call 888-659-7863
Go on-line
 at  http://coachcal.lexy.com
Text:  ADD COACH CAL to 68948!, Reminders 2 start ur day: For tickets   Regionals in Syracuse go here: http://tinyurl.com/yfghmgk or beginning at Noon, the UK Ticket  Office will accept requests from the general public, based on  availability. Also, I will b on Mike & Mike on ESPN radio at about 9:20 this morning 2 talk Tourney & also Lexy!!! B sure 2 listen to my latest Lexycast. Sign up if u haven't by texting: "Add Coach Cal" to 68948., Just had a great Perkins-catered meal at the house w/the team. We talked about keeping our focus & blocking out the outside distractions. We told the guys 2 rest up today. We practice Monday. I gave another Lexy update this morning - we're adding about 300 new users a day, but would like 2 get that up to 750 or so. If u sign up, u r eligible 4 all sorts of signed tournament memorabilia. Text: Add Coach Cal to 68948, Our guys played with a sense of urgency tonight and the result was 
another good win. We landed the plane and now we go back and try and 
land it again next week in Syracuse. 

Don't forget to grab a Refuse to Lose t-shirt and help support the 
Calipari Family Foundation for Children. http://bit.ly/9DnsWY

Let's keep enjoying the path., Just notified the winners of the autographed 
hats and basketballs.  Our friends at Lexy will be responding and 
sending out the prizes by the end of the week.  Thanks for your 
support!
Call 888-659-7863; Go on-line at  http://coachcal.lexy.com
 or Text:  ADD COACH CAL to 68948!, Thanks 2 everyone 4 their well-wishes in tonight's game. It's going to be a battle, there's no question about it. We had a good shootaround at the arena & everyone is resting up for the game now. I give a few thoughts on the match-ups on today's Lexy post. Be sure to check it out and join up for FREE to be eligible for great signed items from me. Text "Add Coach Cal" to 68948. Let's Land the Plane!!!, Just finishing up practice at the arena - guys hav been focused & energetic. We'll do media & then back 2 hotel 2 rest & have a good meal.  I want all of u 2 understand I am doing my best 2 communicate w/u in as many different ways as possible. I know some of u may not be able 2 use each & every method, but the variety of all our diff. social media platforms lets me reach all of BBN. I hope u enjoy it. Go Big Blue!, Hear about my morning and my thouhghts on Wake Forest at Lexy.com. Everyone who signs up by 6 p.m. ET today will be eligible for for one of three signed final boxscores from last night's win over ETSU.  It's FREE, it's easy and it's another unobstructed view into our program, directly from me. We are changing social media EVERY day - join the revolution. Text: "Add Coach Cal" to 68948, A gd win 4 us. Hopefully we r this good, I'm not sure if we r, but we'll c.  We will play the 2nd game here in NOLA on Saturday, meaning we will play a 1/2 hour AFTER THE COMPLETION of the Baylor/ODU game, scheduled to start at 5:50 ET. Hear more of my Tourney thoughts Friday a.m. on Lexy. Sign up 2 b eligible 4 a #'ed, signed RTL t-shirt. We'll give away 1 for each win of this season.  Text:  ADD COACH  CAL to 68948, The team just went out 2 the court 2 start stretching & I'm finishing up my pre-game notes. We're ready 2 get this started & as, u may have heard, start the process of "landing the plane."
Please check out CoachCal.com's live blog from courtside at the New Orleans Arena. Editor David Scott is rite behind our bench & will b giving insight & whimsy all game long. http://bit.ly/dq0g9Z
Also, join the rest of BBN at Lexy. Text:  ADD COACH CAL to 68948, game day!!
Leave me a voice comment by pressing 2 on the 
phone or click on Add a Comment on Lexy.com. Call 888-659-7863; Go 
on-line at  http://coachcal.lexy.com
 or Text:  ADD COACH CAL to 68948!, Great news from Lexy.com - we just enrolled our 4,000th follower!!! Incredible 4 less than a wk of activity. But they think BBN can do a lot better. And I agree!!! To sweeten the deal, I am signing & numbering 1 Nike RTL shirt 4 every win we have this season. If ur enrolled by the time our season ends, u will b eligible 2 randomly receive 1. BUT U HAVE TO JOIN by texting:  ADD  
COACH CAL to 68948
It's free & it's another way 2 hav direct access 2 me., media day.... ugh!!! 

To  listen call 888-659-7863; 
Go to http://coachcal.lexy.com
 or 
Text:  ADD  COACH CAL to 68948, We had a gd practice over at Tulane University & r now at the N.O. Arena 4 media & a 40-minute open practice that begins at 4:25 CT.  I am going 2 start giving a "Phrase of the Day" on my LexyCasts. We will then ask 4 the phrase here on Facebook. Correct commenters will receive Plantronics autographed bluetooth headsets. ONLY Lexy subscribers will b eligible. (Thru email verification) Text:  ADD  COACH CAL to 68948, who dat in New Orleans?  refuse to lose! 

To  listen call 888-659-7863; 
Go on-line at http://coachcal.lexy.com
 or 
Text:  ADD  COACH CAL to 68948!, We are heading to the airport after a good workout at the Joe Craft Center. Our guys are excited but focused. 
For tickets to NCAA
 1st and 2nd Rounds in New Orleans go here: http://tinyurl.com/ye78x2j  The ticketmaster phone 
number is 800-745-3000
Also, don't forget to sign up FREE for Lexy to be eligible for great autographed items from me - Text: Add Coach Cal to 68948, What: Lexy.com 
When: Daily in-season
How: Coach Cal records an "audio tweet"
Why: Because Twitter's sooooooooooo 2009!!!
                           
               Listen, comment and conversate with Coach Cal.

TEXT: ADD COACH CAL TO 68948 OR VISIT: http://bit.ly/adqvyN, I've been able 2 watch some tape on East Tennessee State & I'm really impressed w/the job Murry Bartow has done. This is a team that almost beat Pitt in last yr's tournament. It will not b easy, I know that.
A lot of u r anxious 2 get ur hands on the RTL t-shirts - they should be at retail outlets this Wednesday. You can also go to our Foundation's website: http://caliparifoundation.org/ & order online by clicking the "Check Out the T-Shirt" button., Just updated my Lexycast on the day after....  To  listen call 888-659-7863; Go on-line at http://coachcal.lexy.com or Text:  ADD  COACH CAL to 68948!, Crazy morning & I've already done interviews w/Mike & Mike & Dan Patrick & coming up w/Colin Cowherd (radio, scheduled for 11:45) and SportsCenter (TV, scheduled for 12:30). Then it's all tape, all day as we prepare 4 a really tought East Tennessee State team. Also, any1 who has signed up for a free, Lexy.com account will b eligible 2 win ONE autographed Refuse to Lose shirt. You must sign up by Tuesday at Noon. Text:  ADD COACH CAL to 68948, Well, now we know the road we will have to travel. It won't be easy, but we don't want it any other way. You may have seen the team & friends at my house in these t-shirts. Nike will have them available at select local retailers on Tuesday. A portion of every t-shirt sold will go 2 the Calipari Family Foundation for Children. Sign up for Lexy and listen 2 my first comments on the Tournament. 
Text:  ADD COACH CAL to 68948!, Refuse to Lose.  Cats Crowned Champs in OT Classic. "They ran into a wall, John Wall" - Brad Nessler, ESPN/ABC Refuse to Lose (CoachCal.com Staff), Listen to me on Lexy, just updated with a new post.  Can we win one more?!?!   Leave me a voice comment by pressing 2 on the phone or click on Add a Comment on Lexy.com. Call 888-659-7863; Go on-line at  http://coachcal.lexy.com or Text:  ADD COACH CAL to 68948!, The
court battles are being won by the Cats in Nashville. The turf battles,
however, are surprisingly being ceded by Big Blue Nation.Let's change that and catch up to Northern Iowa by giving up your Facebook status to Nike. http://bit.ly/cCufYX, UK leads 32-19 at halftime of the SEC semifinals over Tennessee. In honor of the lead, we will give the 13th, 113th and 213th enrollee in Coach Cal's Lexy.com an autographed Lexy baseball hat. Lexy is revolutionzing social media with audio Twitter/Facebook posts and Coach Cal is one of the anchor Coaches to satrt with the company. Text: ADD COACH CAL to 68948. It's free and Coach gives great insight w/every post., Just updated my Lexycast on what's next.  To listen call 888-659-7863; Go on-line at coachcal.lexy.com or Text:  ADD COACH CAL to 68948!, At this time of year, it's win & advance. That's what we did 2day & our guys got a gd lesson about post-season play. The people at Lexy.com r blown away by ur support & r challenging us 2 reach 5,000 followers by the end of the wkend. 2 enhance the challenge, I will give away autographed bballs 2 the 4,000th, 4,500th & 5,000th enrollee. (We r at nearly 2,000 now, Fri nite). Text: ADD COACH CAL 2 68948 2 be eligible., Game Day every1! I just posted a Lexycast on my brand new Lexy account, where I talk about this morning's shootaround & my hopes 4 the SEC Tourney. If u haven't signed up yet, what are u waiting 4? Every1 who signs up will b entered in2 a drawing 4 an autographed Lexy hat from me. It's free, it's easy & it's another unobstructed view in2 UK Basketball from Lexy.com. Text: ADD COACH CAL to 68948. Go Big Blue!!!, We had a good practice at Belmont University's gym & we will take the team out 2 tonight & get them in bed early for our Noon (CT) tip Fri. against a resilient Alabama team. Please sign up 4 my free, daily Lexy-cast with Lexy.com. Text: ADD COACH CAL to 68948. This reminds me of when we started Twitter and FB - we didn't know where it would lead. Let's make Lexy have as big an impact as those have., The team is watching the early game at the arena & I'm at hotel watching some tape & preparing 4 practice this afternoon.
Wanted 2 make sure u all heard the great news about me joining the Lexy team (www.lexy.com). In short, it's a free, audio version of Twitter or Facebook with original content directly from me. Sign up at http://coachcal.lexy.com or by texting: ADD COACH CAL to 68948. Lexy will b making a sizable donation to the CFFC in honor of the start of our partnership. Let's show them how the Blue Dust spreads. . ., Morning from Nashville every1! Went 2 Mass this morning, had a great run on the treadmill & now getting ready 2 join WKYT 4 a segment on their SEC Tournament show which starts at Noon ET. Tune in as I will hav a special announcement regarding a new venture we r getting involved w/4 the Calipari Family Fndtn 4 Children. More cutting edge technology stuff I'm excited 2 share w/BBN. (Info also at CoachCal.com at Noon), Just got to Nashville and we are at the Bridgestone Arena getting some shooting in and getting familiar with the building. Wanted to alert everyone to some news about the Maker's Mark bottle signing that will be held at Keeneland on April 9. Please check this link for information: http://bit.ly/bSfcBa, Just headed into practice and then we'll be off to Nashville. It was great 2 catch up w/ my friend Lon Kruger yesterday when I was out west & I enjoyed watching his team practice. I also got 2 see Tre'Von Willis who played 4 me @ Memphis. He's now All-MWC. And I am so proud of Tony Barbee, the C-USA Coach of the Year - he is so deserving and has become a super head coach., Just about 2 head back from some recruiting out west & had 2 share 2 great meals we had in Lexington recently. Erin is home so of course we had 2 go 2 her FAVORITE place - Olive Garden!! The tremendous staff even brought us a cake 2 wish us luck in the post-season. Then, on Monday nite 4 dinner at Sal's I had the ribs & they may have been better than any ribs I had in Memphis! 2 great places 2 eat & enjoy., To celebrate March Madness, the best-selling Coach Cal iPhone app will have a promotional discount of $.99 for the remainder of UK's post-season. http://bit.ly/9vNZ6L [Please remember that those of you who purchased the app early were entered into numerous drawings for autographed items and tickets. That will not be the case for those buying at this reduced price.](CoachCal.com Staff), NikeBasketball.com is launching a March Madness campaign and asking all of Big Blue Nation to "Back Your Cats." Check out this video below and then go to the site http://bit.ly/cCufYX and "give up your Facebook status" to show your support of the Cats in the post-season. Some amazing stuff from The Swoosh people. If this doesn't get you pumped for Tournament time, you don't have a pulse. (CoachCal.com Staff), Can't get much past u guys, can we? Those of u who thought last night's picture was from the Calipari Edition Ford Mustang were right! You can see more pictures of my new "ride" here: http://bit.ly/bgat5g
You can also visit: www.paulmilleronline.com for information on the “Coach Cal Edition 2010 Roush 427R Mustang”
I want 2 thank everyone at Paul Miller Ford & especially J.P. Miller 4 setting me up in this gorgeous car. Ellen and Erin r already fighting over who gets 2 it!!!, Thanks for all your help with an amazing batch of ideas for if/when we decide to do another book. Take a look at this picture and see if you can guess what it is? You'll find out exactly what it is tomorrow - stay tuned!!! Have a great night and Go Big Blue!, I've got a favor 2 ask all of u: I hav been approached about writing another book by a mjr NY publisher. This 1 would focus on Year One in the Bluegrass. I'm tossing arnd ideas in my head of how the book would shape up. I think there's a lot of biz lessons 2 be learned about "rebuilding a brand" but also so many other lessons of building a team and uniting a (Big Blue) Nation. What would u like 2 see in such a book?, Let's all show the UK Hoops team how much we appreciate the amazing effort they gave today against Tennessee in the program's second-ever SEC Title game appearance. Coach Mitchell's team fought right to the end and UT Coach Pat Summitt said it best after the game, "Matthew Mitchell has done a great job." They are going to be a tough "out" in the NCAAs., Remember: Everyone who has bought the CoachCal iPhone app by midnight Sunday will be eligible for two tickets to the SEC Title Game. Search: "Coach Cal" in App store. (CoachCal.com Staff), Just getting to the arena - amazing to see all the students lined up and ready for Senior Day. It will be an emotional day for all of us, but we had a good shootaround this morning and I think everyone is focused on the task at hand. Let's remember to enjoy the path and take some time to reflect on what a special regular season these young men have gifted us all with. Go Big Blue!, How about Matthew Mitchell and the women's team. http://bit.ly/alvfMt Tomorrow night they will play in the program's 2nd-ever SEC champsionship game. UK Hoops just keeps raising the bar for what we need to do to keep up!!! So happy for Coach Mitchell - sure does seem like a National Coach of the Year type of season for him, doesn't it?, All right, I guess there's some more documented proof that I can dance a little bit!!! So here u go, another picture from my visit 2 Dance Blue last night. (Photo courtesy of Dave Lowe)
Remember to text DANCE to 50555.
Had a good practice this afternoon & I wanted 2 let everyone get out & enjoy the gorgeous day 4 at least a few minutes. Hope u are all doing the same. Go Big Blue!!!, 2
words: @DANCE BLUE! I’m inspired when I see students come 2gether &
make a difference. It was really neat 2 see. My comment 2 them was the
African proverb I enjoy sharing: If u want 2 go fast, go alone; but if
u want 2 go far, go 2gether. You go w/a group like the one making Dance
Blue happen & u can do amazing thin...gs. P.S. Don’t believe any1 who tells u I did the "John Wall dance." U guys know I don’t dance!!!, Congrats to Coach Mitchell and our women's team for their win this afternoon.
We had a good practice today and Dr. Bob Rotella spoke to the entire team for about 15 minutes prior to getting on the floor. He's the best!
Just want to remind everyone of our eBay auction to support the CFFC for line spots at the Maker's Mark Keeneland signing on April 9. http://ow.ly/1cQtr
Only 5 days remain to bid on the 5 available spots., Wow, sorry - things got so hectic yesterday I couldn't get another update in. Hope everyone is enjoying the Spring-like weather, wherever you are. I'm deep into some Florida tape and spending time with Dr. Bob Rotella. What a great resource he is - if you've never read one of his books, I highly recommend any of them to you., I'm over at WKYT taping an interview 4 the BIg Blue TV Network's SEC Tournament Special which will air next week (more info 2 come). Good win last night & I liked how we competed in the 2nd half especially. I'll go back 2 the office, watch some tape & then we'll practice this afternoon. I'm excited bcuz my good friend Dr. Bob Rotella will b in town 2day 2 help our entire team w/the mental side of these next few wks., First off, let's all wish The Voice of the Wildcats, Tom Leach, a very happy 21st B-Day - I really enjoy working w/Tom, he's a true pro. I just wish he would let me talk once in a while on-air!!! Also, we hav another Coach Cal iPhone app promo: this is 4 two lower level tickets 2 the SEC Title game (3/14) in Nash.  Existing users of the app, & all new users thru 3/8 will b eligible. Last promo 4 reg. season, ACT NOW!, Remember when CoachCal.com gave you a sneak peek at the photo shoot for our SLAM magaine cover? Here's the cover that hits stores next week. Go to SLAMonline.com on Monday for details.
We'll head to shootaround in a little bit as we prepare for tonight's game against a very tough Georgia team., We just finished up a good practice and are getting ready to head to the airport. I'm hearing there's snow waiting for us in Athens! I thought this was the SOUTHeastern Conference!! Fortunately, we play indoors; unfortunately it's going to be another packed house that awaits us. But this will be a good test for our guys and another step along the journey. Enjoy it and Go Big Blue!!!, A busy day that included the announcement of a program I'm thrilled to be a part of: http://bit.ly/anUCzL

Monday also featured a good practice with the team as we get ready for Georgia. Don't forget to listen to our radio show tonight on the Big Blue Sports Radio Network and on Sirius XM SportsNation - Sirius Ch. 122/XM Ch. 143
Have a great night and Go Big Blue!!!, Busy Monday morning as we prepare for another tough road game at Georgia. There was one book I neglected to include on my reading list this morning: http://bit.ly/94eS7O and it was written by the winning bidder on the Ashley Judd dinner in our Hoops for Haiti auction, Paul Orberson. The book is titled, "Something Good's Gonna Happen," and it is an uplifting read about the power of persistence and hard work. I highly recommend it., Be on the lookout for a special announcement from The Calipari Family Foundation for Children on Monday. Make sure you're in on the deatils by visiting the CFFC's emerging site: http://caliparifoundation.org and signing up for the mailing list., Sunday morning with the family and then more family time with the team in the afternoon. We're focused on Georgia and will build on what we learned in Knoxville. Enjoy the day and remember to enjoy the path as well! Go Big Blue!!!, We wanted to remind everyone that until Midnight Sunday, ANYone who has purchased the Coach Cal iPhone app will be entered into a drawing for two UK-Florida game tickets. A portion of all sales go to the Calipari ...Family Foundation for Children. (CoachCal.com Staff), Just about tip-off, but I wanted everyone to know our guys are ready for another SEC battle. The hats say it all, The team is warming up on the court and Coach Calipari is in the locker room preparing his pre-game notes. We wanted to remind everyone that until Midnight Sunday, ANYone who has purchased the Coach Cal iPhone app will be entered into a drawing for two UK-Florida game tickets. A portion of all sales go to the Calipari Family Foundation for Children. (CoachCal.com Staff), Just got to Knoxville and we're going through some things at UT's arena before heading over to the hotel for team meal and meeting. All of us will get a good night's rest tonight and be fresh for our shootaround in the morning and the game at Noon. Just finished talking with CBS's Ian Eagle and Jim Spanarkel, who will call our game tomorrow., Just going 2 go through a light workout w/the team & then head 2 Knoxville for this quick turnaround game on Saturday at Noon. Will b a great test for our team and can start to help replicate what we face in Tournament situations. Wanted to share this photo from last night's postgame when Big Ben came in the locker room to talk w/the players and staff. Great guy and I was thrilled he could come., UK had a special pre-game visitor to the locker room, Magic Johnson. Coach Calipari brought him into the locker room by saying, "Guys, we have a recruit here that we have to get. . ." And in walked Magic. He spoke to the team prior to the game. (CoachCal.com Staff), Our video department, led by Tim Asher, in conjunction with DeWayne Peevy's media relations office have outdone themselves yet again: Check out this year's Post-Season Award Candidates for Men's Basketball: http://www.UKathletics.com/mbbawards10
I got chills watching the videos. We've really got some high level talent on the court and off it, behind the scenes. See you all tonight!, Just off the treadmill and heading into shootaround. This will be a tough one tonight and we need to be prepared for a real battle. Looking forward to the challenge and seeing Rupp rocking again. Enjoy the day and the game. Go Big Blue!!!, We had a gd practice 2day. The guys no this isn't a "revenge" game as the media will make it out 2 b. It's abt learning whether we hav improved as a team since our loss at South Carolina. Heading 2 dinner w/some NBA personnel who r in town & I'm excited 2 hav long-time friend Coach Mike Gottfried in town. Mike founded an amazing communty & outreach program called Team Focus. http://bit.ly/b8tsaN
I'll b sharing more abt Team Focus in the coming wks. & mos., Game tickets?  There is an App for that.  Take advanatge of a special offer thru 2/28 4 all users of the Coach Cal iPhone App.  All users who purchase the App b4 2/28 will be eligible to win 2 tickets to the Cats/Florida game. Just enter your email address in the "Account" section & you will be entered to win.  Winner will be notified on 3/1. http://bit.ly/czd1s5 (CoachCal.com Staff), Just getting back from some recruiting & catching up on office work. The guys had individual workouts yesterday & Coach Robic said everyone was really getting after it. I like our focus & determination as February comes 2 a close. Congrats 2 my former player Antonio Anderson who signed a 10-day contract w/the NBA's Ok. City Thunder. Antonio is such a hard-worker & I know he'll make the most of his opportunity., Watched the tape of yesterday's game - I really like how the guys are starting 2 understand the refuse to lose attitude that has helped my teams in the past. We're off 2day - a good time 2 all catch our breath. R u enjoying the path? I hope so. Please let us know what u think our TV show, "This Week in Kentucky Basketball." Lots of talented people working on it but it can only get better w/ ur input. Thx., Have you checked out the Coach Cal iPhone app yet? Everyone who purchases the app (search: Coach Cal at iPhone app store) between now and the end of the Vandy game will be entered into a random drawing for a signed, limited edition, UK2K hat (from our friends at Fan Outfitters). With only 2,000 of the hats made, this is a truly unique chance. (***Everyone who has bought the app is eligible) (CoachCal.com Staff), How about what my guys at Nike have been up to? This new Just Do It spot will blow you away. Check it out: http://go.nike.com/humanchain
"It’s not how you start, it’s how you finish.", Watching some tape and getting ready to grab a bowl of soup before my run on the treadmill. We'll practice for about an hour and then get on the bus to head to Nashville. This will be a really tough game for us and the guys will need to be focused and committed to one another to come away with the win. Should be a great atmosphere and we r looking forward to the challenge., Just heading into practice after a great morning where I spoke to Grace Gorrell's Leadership Studies Students. I hope I didn't put anyone to sleep!
Also want to congratulate my good friend, Rick Corman, on being awarded a $17.5 million federal grant that will help create 100 jobs & rehabilitate short line railroads owned by Rick's R.J. Corman Railroad
Group in Kentucky, Tennessee and West Virginia. Love it when jobs are created and lives are bettered!!! http://bit.ly/coM9ZU, My oldest child, Erin, celebrates her birthday 2day (the 18th). It’s incredible becuz I vividly remember driving Ellen 2 Magee-Women’s Hospital in Pitt 2 deliver Erin. She was a grt baby, always slept thru the night & now – I can’t believe it – she’s going 2 b a Dr. She tells me she can’t wait 4 the day when I hav 2 call her “Dr.” Neither can I! Happy Bday, honey. We love you!, That was a gd win 4 team; I'm proud of our guys. We start getting ready 4 Vandy now. On a more important note, I'm asking all of BBN 2 pray for & extend sympathies 2 the Atwood Family of Hopkinsville. Elizabeth Atwood, 16, the daughter of Kevin & Tracey & twin sister of Layton, died in a car crash early Sunday.  Elizabeth, a junior, was going 2 attend UK & hoped 2 b a cheerleader. Let's all keep them in our thoughts., Team just took the floor at the Humphrey Coliseum and it sounds loud out there. This will be a tough game but I liked the guys' mindset today. Let's enjoy this game and hopefully we can come away with another victory. Have a great night!, Had a good shootaround this morning and I think we're ready for what will be a very tough game in a hostile environment.
More than basketball is on my mind today as I learned yesterday of the death of former Memphis Coach, Dana Kirk. I have put my thoughts on Dana at the CoachCal.com website - http://bit.ly/9ozywO - and invite you to share your prayers and sympathy for Coach Kirk's family in the comments below, This
DirecTV commercial for Mega March Madness will start airing this week.
I had a great time shooting it and the people at DirecTV are THE best.
You can't call yourself a college basketball fan without the Mega March
Madness package from DirecTV. Can't do it with cable, can't do it
with Dish., Congratulations to John Wall on being named SEC Freshman of the Week again. This is the fifth time John has been honored by the league with the award. Just back from a great breakfast at Central Bank's 'Rally 2010' where I got to spend some time with my good friend, Luther Deaton and his incredible workforce. Now I'm watching tape of a tough Mississippi State team and getting ready for practice later on., I hope you guys are watching my former point guard, Derrick Rose, in his first - of what I know will be many - NBA All-Star appearances. I'm watching with Ellen and Brad and it's an amazing feeling to see Derrick out there with all the greats of the NBA in front of 100,000 people!!! And Tyreke Evans played great in the rookie-sophomore game on Friday night., What an amazing day we had on Saturday. What made it special was that it was a celebration of our program, our university, our fans & our community. But we don't have much time 2 reflect on our GameDay experience. We'll get back on the court 2night 4 a little bit & then head 4 Starkville Mon. afternoon. Special thanks 2 everyone who has, or will, text "BLUE" to 50555 4 the President's Scholarship Initiative., Coach Calipari? There's an App for that!! From now until the end of 2night's Tennessee game, any1 who purchases the best-selling Coach Cal iPhone application will b entered in a random drawing 4 a signed UK tie from Coach Calipari. As a special bonus 4 everyone who already has the App, we have posted an App-ONLY video from Coach Calipari where he discusses this morning's GameDay celebration. (CoachCal.com Staff), Coach Calipari? There's an App for that!! From now until the end of 2night's Tennessee game, any1 who purchases the best-selling Coach Cal iPhone application will b entered in a random drawing 4 a signed UK tie from Coach Calipari.  See what all of Big Blue Nation is talking abt w/Coach Cal's impressive debut App created by Zanson & Digome. Over 4,000 apps sold in 1st 5 days  Search: Coach Cal at the Apple app store., I'm heading over to the office and then we'll shootaround later this afternoon. That event at Rupp was just unbelievable - you guys really are crazy! Enjoy the day and just to get you ready, here's our locker room all ready with the new uniforms awaiting the team. Game time in 8 hours!!!, During GameDay's 11 a.m. broadcast, ESPN's Howie Schwab of "Stump the Schwab" fame will climb up to the very seat he had for the 1985 Title game in Rupp. Here, Howie - a long time friend of Coach Calipari - holds his ticket stub from that game. (CoachCal.com Staff), I'm getting ready to head over to Rupp for GameDay - I'm hearing the place is already starting to rock. I hope everyone enjoys the day and appreciates how special it is to be a part of this celebration of college basketball. CoachCal.com caught up with Jay Bilas yesterday and Jay had some great things to say about our program and our fans. Check it out: http://bit.ly/cmBLtH, CoachCal.com has been invited to sit in on the ESPN GameDay production meeting. We will have much more video for the website, but for now here's a picture of the Table of Wisdom (no relation to the Wheeler Pharmacy Horseshoe of Wisdom) where Hubert Davis, Digger Phelps, Howie Schwab and others are planning for the weekend's broadcasts. (CoachCal.com Staff), I'm watching tape and getting ready for the big GameDay activities that surround tomorrow night's contest. Our friend Steve Moss, over at WKYT, wrote a nice piece on a visit I made earlier this week. I'm not sharing it with you to toot my own horn - instead, I'm hoping you will put Kevin and his family in your prayers. He is a special young man who I am honored to now call a friend. http://bit.ly/9mMGU3, Some multi-media notes for everyone to ck out:
1. The debut of FOX Sports South's "Under the Lights: Kentucky Basketball" is set 4 2night on FSS at 9 p.m. ET - Check local listings. Producer Ray Goodrich, who has spent a lot of time w/Coach this season, also penned this fantastic piece 2 accompany:  http://tinyurl.com/y9qcwct
2. ACEWeekly's new issue features Coach & John Wall on the cover & names "Wallipari" as its Power Duo  http://tinyurl.com/y9qcwct (CoachCal.com Staff), Coach is in the office watching tape to prepare for the Tennessee game. In the meantime, he wanted to thank you for all 7,000-plus birthday wishes you sent along yesterday.
Also, Local horse farm, WinStar Farm, has a “Fantasy Derby” contest with the chance to win tickets to the 2010 Kentucky Derby – check it out here:  http://bit.ly/aAwEOx (CoachCal.com Staff), Coach Calipari is off recruiting 2day & doesn't know we're doing this, but we were hoping we could get Happy Birthday wishes 4 him in the comments below 2 share with him when he returns. We want to blow him away with birthday wishes. So, if you can offer a Happy BDay to 2 and then have other Facebook fans of Coach's do the same, maybe we can reach 500 or so comments. The more the better!!! Thx (CoachCal.com Staff), We are sorry to report that CoachCal.com is experiencing techinical difficulties. Our technicians are seeking to fix the problem. Please bear with us and enjoy the evening. Thanks. (CoachCal.com Staff), We'll shootaround here in about half an hour and then get ready for what is going to be a tough game tonight at 9 p.m. Please be sure to follow along with CoachCal.com editor, David Scott, as he live blogs from Rupp tonight: http://bit.ly/9RGKTf
We will be giving away two free download codes for the Coach Cal iPhone App during the live blog and will have the best insight into the game anywhere on the web., Hope you are all listening to the radio show right now on the Big Blue Sports Radio Network (6-7 p.m. on local stations and SiriusXM). We're hosting Central Bank tonight at the show - great people and my good friend Luther Deaton has been super to us since we got here. Had a great practice today and hopefully we're ready for Alabama because we know they are ready for us! Have a great night., Congratulations to the New Orleans Saints - what a game! We saw 1st hand what "Who Dat Nation" is all about when we were in Baton Rouge. Sunday night, we had the team over to the house for a bit. Everyone was enjoying the commercials. What were your favorites? I'll let you know which ones the coaches and players are talking about on Monday. Good night & don't 4get 2 listen 2 the radio show tonight., Okay, looks like the promo code is no longer operational. Our apologies - but Papa John's still has a great Super Bowl deal going for a $10 pizza with anything. Be sure to check it out! Sorry for the confusion and enjoy the game. (CoachCal.com Staff), If
u r planning on ordering pizza 4 the big game - and who isn't? -
remember u can still get a signed copy of "Bounce Back" & a
lg 3-topping pizza 4 just $30 by ordering online at
www.papajohns.com & using the promo code, "BOUNCE." (Books are sent
separately.) Proceeds from all book sales go 2 the Calipari Family Foundation 4 Children. Bring Papa 2 ur Party & also enjoy Coach's best-selling book. (CoachCal.com Staff), A good win for us yesterday - everyone got to play in the game and we did some really nice things. We got home late last night and we'll have a light practice today. I have to thank every1 who has supported the Calipari Family Foundation for Children by purchasing the Coach Cal iPhone app. It reached No. 1 in paid sports apps and Top 70 in overall paid apps. Hope everyone enjoys the Super Bowl - be safe out there., Just getting to shootaround at the Pete Maravich Assembly Center in Baton Rouge. Beautiful, sunny day here and hopefully it will be a beautiful day for us as well. We know LSU will play their best game of the year and we just need to be prepared and focused. Enjoy your Saturday - Go Big Blue!, We have a winner for the 2 tickets to the screening of "The Untouchables" a week form today in Lexington. She is Kydra Silvers from Somerset, KY and she was randomly chosen from the trivia question submissions. Two other folks have won a signed poster and an "Untouchables" t-shirt.
Are you ready for the answer to the question? The two wrestling teams were called: Push Back and Dig Deep. Who would've guessed?
Let's be sure to support DA's movie - more info here: http://untouchablesofkentucky.com/, Okay - we're never going to get a winner at this rate!!! We will randomly choose a winner from the nearly 100 responses we got in the past 30 minutes. The winner will be notified by email and we will also award 2nd and 3rd place prizes with "The Untouchables" poster and t-shirt. No more guesses please, the polling is closed! We will announce the answer after winners have been notified. Thanks - that was fun!, Folks, once again you need to pay attention when reading!!!! The only answers that will be accepted are ones emailed to: coach@coachcal.com Just so you know, none of the commenters have been right!!! Thanks. (CoachCal.com Staff), We still don't have a winner in 2day's CoachCal.com trivia question. At stake are 2 tickets to next Friday's gala screening of Derek Anderson's "The Untouchables" The first person to send the correct answer to this question to: coach@coachcal.com will win the coveted tix: What were the names of the 2 teams that THE UNTOUCHABLES used when they had wrestling matches in the Lodge and Locker rooms?, Had really good practice today and I'm now heading home for some family time. We were honored to have some of Lexington's Finest at practice today, including Chief of Police Ronnie Bastin. You talk about heroes? Those guys are everyday heroes. We're back at it tomorrow afternoon and then we will leave for Baton Rouge. Hope everyone has a good night. Go Big Blue!, All right - we're ending the contest!! The correct answer was Mississippi, Tennessee, North Carolina and Kentucky. We didn't see anyone with that answer - but if you did have it, just send us proof (screen shot of your post or the time you posted it) to: coach@coachcal.com and we'll announce you as the winner. (CoachCal.com Staff), We still do not have a winner. Someone with a math degree should be able to create an algorithm to sort out the wrong answers!!!! Keep guessing. (CoachCal.com Staff), We'll start practice here in a little bit & I've been busy watching LSU tape. This is going 2 b another tough game where we all have 2 bring it. Wanted 2 give away a free download code 4 the new Coach Cal iPhone app so here's a question about my recruiting journeys from yesterday: Name the FOUR states I was in on Wed. HINT: Kentucky is 1 of them, so u need only 3 more!!! 1st correct answer gets the code. Good luck., Coach's brand new iPhone App had a banner Day 1 as one of the top paid apps in the SPORTS category. A third of all sales go to the Califpari Family Foundation for Children. Learn more about the app and help us build it into EXACTLY what YOU want it to be at: http://bit.ly/bUfCQF (CoachCal.com Staff), A special announcement from the Calipari Family Foundation for Children has been posted at CoachCal.com. iPhone users will want to be sure to check out the exciting news, as a Coach Call iPhone application is now available. http://bit.ly/c200RY
With additional features set to be added in the coming weeks and months, the Coach Cal iPhone app is another great way to keep up-to-date with Coach and the UK hoops program.
 (CoachCal.com Staff), Just to clarify, The Untouchables will screen NEXT Friday, February 12, in Lexington. 
http://www.untouchablesofkentucky.com/
Thanks to Derek Anderson for joining us at CoachCal.com's live blog. What an incredible guy and what an incredible movie. (CoachCal.com Staff), Just getting in my run on the treadmill & then we've got shootaround. Going 2 be a tough game 2night & our guys need 2 come out w/focus & fire.
One guy who always did that was Derek Anderson, & we're proud 2 announce that Derek will join us on the CoachCal.com live blog tonight. http://bit.ly/clcvxW
We will discuss the game, of course, but also Derek's documentary, "The Untouchables," which screens this Friday in Lexington. Join us for fun and prizes., If that is true about Maria, we will give two prizes and a signed shoe to each. Maria, please contact us at coach@coachcal.com and we will verify. SORRY!, We have a winner: Keven Willis - The ad was shot for DirecTV - It will be in support of their Mega March Madness, Don't 4get 2 listen 2 our weekly radio show I'm on now w/Tom Leach on the Big Blue Radio Sports Network. Is every1 ready 2 guess what major company I was working w/when these photos were taken? The first correct commenter w/the company's name will receive signed items from the shoot. We will announce the winner as soon as the correct answer is given., Boy, u guys don't follow directions very well, do u?!?! Here's the next
picture as a clue to what major company I was working w/when these
pictures were taken. Guesses will not b accepted until we post the 3rd
& final picture this afternoon. One commenter will receive
autographed items from the day of the shoot (hint, hint).Going to noon Mass and then back 2 watch film, run on the treadmill & have a great day of practice., Get
ur sleuthing hats on, Coach Cal Facebookers: Coach Calipari will give
away 2 signed items 2 the person who can correctly identify which major
company Coach was working w/a couple of wks ago when we took the
picture below (and 2 more to follow in future posts)? We WILL NOT
accept any guesses until the final post of 3 pix, later on Monday. Then, 1st commenter w/the correct answer will b the winner. (CC.com Staff), Just had to share this picture with you. What great a guy LeBron is, and a great friend. I was so happy he and some other good friends were able to make it to the game. Enjoy your Sunday., Getting ready for the game and sitting in my office at Rupp hoping we'll come out with some purpose and fire. I told the team at shootaround that Vandy is a team that will not go away, this will be a back and forth game. We have to be prepared to play for a full 40 minutes. Enjoy the game and remember that we are still learning about our team. It's January, not March!, Going to my run in on the treadmill, then do media and then have a great practice in preparation for a tough Vandy team. Stay safe out there and allow plenty of time to get where you're going - especially if it's Rupp!!!
Check out Tom Leach's latest edition of "Wildcat Legends" at CoachCal.com http://bit.ly/dmhqTT
This week, Tom talks to Derek Anderson about the past, the present and his future documentary., In the middle of watching more Vandy tape. They r really gd - grt leadership & talent at every position. I had 2 take a minute 2 once again thank my gd friend Joe Craft & the staff & miners at his coal mines who together sent along a check 4 nearly $200,000 for Hoops for Haiti. Half of that is Joe's already-announced contribution & the rest is fr his workers & includes $35,000 in matching funds fr Alliance. Wow, did they step up!!! Can't thank them enuf., Had a good day of practice & a meeting before practice that I hope put everyone in the right mindset. One loss isn't the end of the world. We just need to see what we have to improve on and do it. I'll talk more about that process & what we discussed in our meeting at my blog on CoachCal.com tomorrow morning. And I'll also talk about Derrick Rose being named an All-Star! How great is that? Hav a good night everyone., Let me remind every1 of something: It's never quite as gd as it seems & it's never quite as bad it seems. Somewhere in btwn lies reality. In 2008 we were No. 1 & we lost at HOME. But we used that loss 2 catapult us 2 the final game. Our challenge now is 2 hav this loss do a similar thg. As long as we can all accept that we got out-coached, out-hustled, out-played & out-toughed, we can move fwd & grow., Cat Fan-Attic on Harrodsburg Rd in Lexington asked that we pass along some info regarding the $10 "Hoops for Haiti" t-shirts which hav been ubiquitous since the telethon 2 Sundays ago: Orders hav gone out from t-shirts purchased on-line ovr the past wk & there are a new batch of tees available for purchase in-store and at: http://catfanattic.com/
A portion of sales from each shirt goes to Red Cross relief efforts. Over 8,000 hav been sold to date! (CoachCal.com Staff), Video of the call from President Obama to the Cats: http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/1023 (CoachCal.com Staff), I hope everyone understands what an honor that was to have the sitting President call our team in the middle of the season. We're not sure that's ever been done before. This wasn't about politics, this was about people helping people and showing how compassionate and generous Big Blue Nation is. Real strong shootaround and we're ready for the game. Enjoy it and follow along with our liveblog at CoachCal.com (WiFi permitting)., Going over some tape & last minute game planning 4 tonight. As you have probably heard, President Obama is scheduled 2 call us this afternoon be4 shootaround. Please understand how much of an honor this is 4 our University, our fans & our program. Together, we made Hoops for Haiti an incredible success & this is recognition 4 ALL of us. Video of teleconf at CoachCal.com after the call., Just so everyone knows, John Buccigross & I go back 10 yrs. We're both from Pitt. What I said 2 him is a term of endearment.                            John's grt @ what he does - 1 of the best on hockey. I stunned him on air w/my Pittsburghese. Myself & a few of our Lexington Pitt guys had an hourlong debate recently on how to spell the term - u should hav heard all the Pittsburghese that day!, Don't forget that Lexington-area Dunkin' Donuts stores will be donating $1 from every dozen donuts sold to "Hoops for Haiti." The promotion runs through January 31. (CoachCal.com Staff), Watching tape, finishing up some interviews and getting ready to head to South Carolina this afternoon. Congrats to DeMarcus on his Freshman of the week - 16 points, 14 rebounds, a missing tooth or two in 17 minutes - IMPRESSIVE! Don't forget tickets for ESPN GameDay show at Rupp Arena, February 13 are on sale NOW! http://bit.ly/6M63VR, Hope everyone enjoyed yesterday's win. Time 2 put that 1 behind us and look at the next 1. We'll watch film w/the team this afternoon & just do a walk thru. Tomorrow, we'll practice b4 we leave 4 Columbia & then we'll b off on Wednesday. Let's all remember 2 enjoy the path & know that the goal is a No. 1 seed 4 the Tournament.  Who does every1 like in NFL games today? I'm going with my Steelers!!!!, We've once again had to shut down our live blog at CoachCal.com due to connectivity issues. Our apologies, but fortunately this game appears to be well in hand! (CoachCal.com Staff), Just about to meet with the media and then have practice. What a great morning I had in Frankfort speaking to the Kentucky Board of Transportation and then over at the State House. What a hard-working group of dedicated people in that building. On my way out, I stopped by the Governor's office, but he wasn't in, so we took this picture. There was no way I was sitting in THAT chair! I have a hard enough time coaching basketball!!!, We're proud to announce that Alumni Hall at the Fayette Mall is
joining the "Hoops for Haiti" effort with an incredibly generous
promotion that will see 25 percent of all sales this weekend go to the
Red Cross in the name of "Hoops for Haiti." Details here: http://bit.ly/8dCPFV, A fantastic column by Dan Wetzel from Yahoo! Sports has just been posted and talks about being UK unbeaten on the court and, with Hoops for Haiti, off it as well: http://tinyurl.com/yep42d3 (CoachCal.com Staff), Just got word that Yahoo! Sports will be a doing a story on Hoops for Haiti Thursday afternoon. Yahoo! is the most-visited sports site on the Internet. This just keeps growing and growing - and it's because of Big Blue Nation's Big Heart. (CoachCal.com Staff), Another $150,000-plus has been raised thru the eBay auction items (the Rolex watch remains: http://bit.ly/yIqtK) The biggest bid came from a dinner 4 six at my house w/Ellen, Ashley Judd, her personal chef, Cathy Lewis &, of course, The Mean & Nimble One. Some kind soul pledged $98,100. Ellen said I brought in the $100 & Ashley brought in the $98,000!! But seriously, thank u & thanks 4 supporting Hoops 4 Haiti., Just finished a great meal at Applebee's - this Dine-to-Donate program they run is unbelieavable. You know what else is unreal? The dinner at my house with Ashley and her chef is almost $50,000 at the eBay auction - it ends in less than hour - How high do you think it will go? I may have to get dressed up for it, huh? It's gone from sweatsuit to black tie pretty quickly! http://bit.ly/yIqtK, Just going in2 practice after a busy morning. People are still calling & writing in to donate to Hoops 4 Haiti. You people are amazing!!! Just a reminder that most of the auction items are ending around 9:30 ET tonight. Incredibly, the dinner at my house is up to $32,500 at last check. I am blown away! I guess we'll have to bring out the formal dinnerware!! You can still bid on all the items here: http://bit.ly/yIqtK, We're in the midst of what seems like the never-ending telethon and I couldn't be more humbled or proud. People are calling and writing in with requests to donate, set up fundraisers and help in any way. You folks are amazing. Bidding continues for the eBay auction items: http://bit.ly/yIqtK
Also, a big thanks to Murray's, where $8,500 was raised last night for Hoops for Haiti. Can't thank everyone enough for coming in on what was supposed to be an off-day., When I saw Ashley Judd in Auburn on Saturday she told me she was scheduled for appearances on Monday's "Joy Behar Show,"
"Jimmy Fallon," and "Larry King Live." Tuesday, she is slated for
"Rachel Ray" and "Regis and Kelly." I'm guessing she'll be wearing UK gear on at least 1 of her appearances!!! Her new movie, w/ "The Rock," Tooth Fairy comes out this Friday. She's got such a great heart & I can't thank her enough 4 her support of "Hoops for Haiti." She donated 2 great auction items. http://bit.ly/yIqtK, Donations & bids continue 2 come in 4 our Hoops 4 Haiti initiative & I continue 2 b blown away by ur compassion & generosity. Just wanted 2 clear up a question that has arisen: Because of the snafus w/our eBay auctions, the end-time for each item is the time posted with each item, meaning that most will end on Wednesday afternoon (ET). The great thing is u hav xtra time to spread the word. http://bit.ly/yIqtK, I have to apologize - looks like I will only be able to make it to Murrays at 5 p.m. Ellen had other plans for us that I wasn't aware of. Good thing I announced it to Big Blue Nation so she found out!!! I still encourage u 2 go grab a bite at the restaurant as they will be making a donation. And don't forget Applebee's is also doing a week long Dine to Donate program for Hoops 4 Haiti., On my way back from some recruiting & I will be stopping by Murrays on Harrodsburg Rd at 5 p.m. as they kickoff their fundraiser 4 "Hoops 4 Haiti" where 100% of 2nite's net profits will b donated. I will then return at 7:30 after the radio show 2 hav dinner w/Ellen (shhhh - don't tell her, it's a surprise!!!). You'll want 2 call 4 reservations (859-219-9922). Also, "Hoops 4 Haiti" t-shirts will be on-sale at Murrays., Continuing with our generous ways, I ask you to join me in helping Lexington Children’s Theatre win $1 million dollars with YOUR Facebook vote! LCT is the only non-profit from Kentucky in the Top 100 competing organizations, but they need YOUR VOTE TO WIN. Click here to VOTE for LCT: http://bit.ly/6OO3Y5, In honor of Dr. King, this inspiration seemed particularly poignant today as we continue to raise money for Haiti: “Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'” - Martin Luther King Jr. Please give what you can - every dollar helps: http://bit.ly/7z17Bw, Auction items r now re-posted after being pulled last nite by eBay. They were concerned abt fraudulent activity & suspended our auctions until we could verify. Though we r not happy w/eBay's actions, they did hav best interest of the organization at heart - they just executed poorly. Becuz of the mix-up all bidders from Sun will need 2 re-bid. eBay will contact every1, but plz spread the word. http://bit.ly/yIqtK, We hav had yet more technical issues w/our eBay auctions. Incredibly, eBay is informing us that every1 will need 2 re-bid once the auction items are re-posted. Our friends at the United Way who have been handling the auction have been thru the ringer with eBay 2day & u can't imagine the frustration they have experienced. We r doing all we can to remedy the situation & appreciate ur understanding. (CoachCal.com Staff), eBay has been working thru some issues 2day w/our auction items but most of them are now live w/more being added: http://bit.ly/yIqtK
Our phone and web donations total $525,000 IN FIVE HOURS and Cal's Pals 4 Haiti are adding $500,000 in matching funds. When all is said & done mid week, & w/auction monies included, we will likely b over $1.1 million raised. I can't thank u all enough. And how about my guy Joe Craft stepping up w/$100 K? Truly amazing., Is the college basketball community great or what? Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim just joined us on-air and donated $5,000. We're winding down on the air, but phone banks will be open for another half hour until 5 p.m. ET and the website is open any time. Please give: http://bit.ly/7z17Bw Check out the auction items as well: http://bit.ly/yIqtK We are just under $500,000 and Cal's Pals for Haiti will match that number., WOW! Joe Craft from Alliance Coal just donated $100,000 live on WKYT. I am blown away. Joe is a great friend to our university but I'm even prouder to be able to call him one of my great friends. That's amazing. I'm a little bit emotional right now. I'll just ask again, please give. Whatever you can. http://bit.ly/7z17Bw, We'll be back on air at WKYT once this UConn-Michigan game ends. Looks like we're butting right up against $250,000 raised thru your donations. Remember, I have a group of Cal's Pals for Haiti who will help to match what is raised thru the phone banks & Red Cross website. This is a picture I just took with members of the 1st Baptist Church in Danville who were in Haiti when the earthquake struck. Special folks., They got me to do the John Wall dance on-air. That's worth a donation or two, isn't it? http://bit.ly/7z17Bw, Coach Tubby Smith just donated $1,000 and we are over $60,000 donated and that doesn't include the matching funds that Cal's Pals for Haiti will donate. So, in effect we have raised $120,000 in a little over an hour - that's incredible. Thanks and don't stop the giving. If you gave, have a friend or relative give also. Red Cross: http://bit.ly/7z17Bw Auction items: http://bit.ly/yIqtK, We are just about underway - Turn on WKYT or stream it live at WKYT.com or CoachCal.com or the UK Athletics website. Let's make a difference. Phone lines 859.299.5455 or 800.500.1513 or donate at the Red Cross website: http://bit.ly/7z17Bw Check out eBay auction items here: http://bit.ly/yIqtK, Hoops for Haiti auction items are now posted and available for bidding: http://bit.ly/yIqtK

I know these are some high end items, but don't be scared off. You can always donate smaller amounts here: 

http://bit.ly/7z17Bw

National interest continues to build as several media outlets are now
requesting interviews with me about the generosity and compassion of
Big Blue Nation, Just got 2 the WKYT studios & Wayne Martin's crew has already been at it 4 several hours setting up. We'll say it thru-out the day but not nearly enuf: Thank u, WKYT 4 making this "Hoops for Haiti" telethon happen on such short notice. U can stay here at Facebook 4 regular updates fr the studio all day. Website donations r now being accepted at: http://bit.ly/7z17Bw Give what u can - it WILL make a difference., Coach and his staff and the team at WKYT are putting the finishing touches on Sunday's telethon, but we wanted to alert you that ESPN2's College Game Night show will re-air at 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. on Sunday and includes a segment on the "Hoops for Haiti" telethon done by Andy Katz. Donations are already being accepted for the fundraiser at http://bit.ly/7z17Bw (CoachCal.com Staff), . . . Are wrong. It's Ashley Judd! We're happy to have her on the road for a game and she has pledged her support for our "Hoops for Haiti" telethon tomorrow. Remember, you can already start the giving here: http://bit.ly/7z17Bw, Those of you who guessed Mike Tomlin. . ., Guess who's attending their second straight Saturday UK game?, Had a good shootaround & I'm about 2 hop on treadmill. The staff is hard at work organizing 2morrow's "Hoops for Haiti" telethon airing on WKYT (Noon-1:30 p.m. & with break-ins thru-out the aftrnoon). We will also announce streaming options shortly. Imagine if all of our nearly-80,000 Facebook Fans were 2 donate $5? That would show the true power of Big Blue Nation! U can start giving now, here: http://bit.ly/7z17Bw, Headed in2 practice & then we leave 4 Auburn. I hav a special announcement:  In partnership w/WKYT, we will present a "Hoops for Haiti" telethon this Sunday, Jan. 17 beginning at Noon & running thru KYT's afternoon programming. We'll hav all sorts of UK hoops & local celebs, auction items & more. Stay tuned thru-out the weekend here, Twitter & at CoachCal.com. 4 more info. Let's show how much Big Blue Nation cares., Our 2nd Haiti Initiative is a one-of-its-kind eBay auction for a UK2K Commemoration pack. http://bit.ly/6snKly
It includes signed items from Coach Calipari and a special bonus hat signed by Steelers Coach Mike Tomlin and Coach Cal. Bidding will be accepted through Jan. 19. ALL monies raised will go to UNICEF and Save the Children., Our 2nd Haiti Initiative is a one-of-its-kind eBay auction for a UK2K Commemoration pack. http://bit.ly/6snKly
It includes signed items from Coach Calipari and a special bonus hat signed by Steelers Coach Mike Tomlin and Coach Cal. Bidding will be accepted through Jan. 19. ALL monies raised will go to UNICEF and Save the Children., On behalf of the Calipari Family Fndtn 4 Children, I am proud 2 announce the 1st of 2 initiatives 2 help those affected by the Haiti Earthquake:
In conjunction w the great folks at Fan Outfitters, we will be donating $4 fr each Calipari Era t-shirt sold in the next week 2 a Haiti Relief fund that supports children. http://www.fanoutfitters.com/charity/
 Another fundraiser is forthcoming and you can check the Daily Cal at coachcal.com later 2day 4 more on that., Having lunch at Stella's & enjoying fried green tomatoes, which bring back wonderful memories. Growing up in Pittsburgh, I used 2 eat them all the time. All I needed was Mancini's bread & I would have been back in time! Hope ur all having a great day. Let's pray 4 everyone in Haiti & support the relief efforts in any way we can. This is a time when Big Blue Nation can show how caring & giving we all are., We got into Lexington about 2:30 a.m., so we're all a bit tired today - but it's a good tired! We again showed a will to win last night and it's another positive step on our path. We had a special visitor to our locker room postgame last night, Mr. Bob Kraft, the owner of the Patriots and the architect of their winning ways. Here's a picture of him talking to the team. There is also video at CoachCal.com: http://bit.ly/4NEqAv, We're about to start shootaround at the O'Connell Center on the UF campus. It's my first time here and I can see why they say it gets loud in here. Had a good morning as I found the Dunkin' Donuts down the street, the church and also got in a good workout. I just have to figure out what to do with all the downtime between now and the 9 pm start!!! Go Big Blue!, Just a few hours left to Bid
on Coach Cal's All Access pass from the Cancun Challenge (signed by
Coach), as well as an autographed map of the resort the team stayed at! Proceeds go to the Calipari Family Foundation For Children (CoachCal.com Staff), Just getting ready 2 head 2 airport after a good practice this afternoon. Our team's 1st road SEC game will b a real test agnst a very gd Florida team. Billy Donovan does a grt job w/his teams & if we're not ready 4 a battle, we'll get beat. I checked the weather & don't worry - it's not all that much warmer in Florida, so I won't be teasing u about the warm temps! Hav a great day & enjoy tomorrow night's game., Hey Team Calipari Premium Members: Visit CoachCal.com NOW! and see exclusive video of Coach Calipari and Ashley Judd after the Georgia game. http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/961 
If you're not a member, please enjoy this exclusive snap shot of Coach and Ashley and check the Daily Cal for more pictures from Saturday: (CoachCal.com Staff), Well, looks like the cat is out of the bag. Sure did take u all long enough! Coach Mike Tomlin from the World Champion Pittsburgh Steelers is my special guest 2day. He will be sitting w/Joker Phillips during the game - they've known ea other 4 a while. Coach Tomlin gave a great talk 2 the team after shootaround & we will have a video interview w/him posted 4 premium members of CoachCal.com just before tip-off. Enjoy!, Some good guesses out there. You guys really have great memories - I forgot some of the people I had spent time with over the summer. Okay - here's another hint: My special guest is a sports figure. Have it at again. . ., Just about 2 start shootaround & my special guest is here. None of u have guessed who it is! Do u guys need another hint? How about this 1: I visited w/him over the summer. That should narrow it down 2 about 500 or so important folks I was fortunate enough 2 spend time with! Be sure 2 join in 2day's in-game live blog at coachcal.com - http://www.coachcal.com/game/2010-01-09/home/uk-vs-georgia#gamday-liveblog, Busy Friday - hope everyone had a good week. Our 1st SEC game is tomorrow vs. Georgia & I'm anxious to see how the guys respond 2 conference play.  I'll have a special guest at the game. You can guess who it will be in the comments. I'll give you a hint - it's not Drake! Want another hint? It's a big name. The game is on the SEC Network and Eric Collins and Mark Gottfried are the broadcast team., Bid on Coach Cal's All Access pass from the Cancun Challenge (signed by Coach), as well as an autographed map of the resort the team stayed at! Proceeds from the auction will go to the Calipari Family Foundation For Children, dedicated to the betterment of the lives of underprivileged children.  (CoachCal.com Staff), Finished our morning session of individual work & then we'll go again this afternoon. The team wants 2 watch the BCS title game tonight, so we'll do that together as well. I hope everyone saw today's story in the Herald-Leader regarding the push 2 get Coach Joe B. Hall in2 the Naismith Hall of Fame: http://bit.ly/8VUSqx This is something we should all get behind in any way we can - Coach Hall is such a huge part of this program's proud history., Just back from the Joker Phillips introductory press conference. I'm so happy for Joker, the football program and the university. Congratulations to Coach Phillips. I’ll be here supporting him and his staff and we'll do whatever we can to help them continue to build on what Coach Brooks was able to get accomplished. Exciting times for the department as Coach Phillips begins what he is calling "Operation Win." Go Big Blue!, Who are the most-memorable opposing players from the just-completed non-conference schedule? Check out CoachCal.com's list - http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/944
- and then create your own fave 5 in the comments section below. Two
commenters will be randomly chosen to receive autographed items from
Coach Calipari. (CoachCal.com Staff), Just finished up a good morning session and came back to my desk to see a printout of this upcoming Sports Illustrated cover. The great thing about John is that it won't go to his head - he'll just continue to work harder and improve his game and his team. Enjoy your day., Had a gd 2nd session this aftrnoon & now we'll hav another team gatheirng 2nite. (U can check CoachCal.com in the a.m. 4 a look at what we did.) 1 thing b4 I do my radio show: I've got 2 thank every1 again 4 ur support of "Bounce Back." We just got the sales #s 4 the past 2 weeks & we r still selling thousands of bks - & we're 4 months fr publication!!! My hope is that it's not only selling, but it's also helping., As most of you know by now, Coach Rich Brooks has decided to step down as head coach of UK Football. It's been my distinct pleasure to get to know Coach Brooks during my time here and I have posted a video thank you to him at CoachCal.com - http://bit.ly/7ZxxFT - that I'd like to share with all of you.
You're the best, Coach Brooks. Hope this means you'll have more time to come to our practices now!, Getting ready for our second practice of the day here in a little bit, but just got word that DeMarcus Cousins has been named SEC Player of the Week. Let's all congratulate DeMarcus on his accomplishment. As with all individual awards, they only come when the team is doing well and performing as one unit., Since we don't have another game for almost 6 days, we thought it would be fun to start the wk by asking for ur opinions on what were ur favorite non-conference games during the 15-0 start. CoachCalipari offered his thoughts at CoachCal.com - http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/928 - now we want to get yours. You can give us 1, a Top 3 or a Top 5. Two random commenters will be given a prize. (CoachCal.com Staff), I think every1 had a good day off and we'll be ready to get back after it on Monday. We called Red Lobster tonight (Sun.) and you won't believe it. . . there was space for us tonight!! Worth the wait, too - the team loved it. I've never seen so many snow crab legs!  Back to work - and some to school - for most of us Monday, I guess! Stay warm and enjoy. Go Big Blue! Don't forget the radio show Mon nite live at 6 p.m., We all got a good day off - or at least a portion of it for so many of the staff - and the players enjoyed a great team dinner on Sunday night. We called Red Lobster and you won't believe it. . . there was space for us tonight!! Worth the wait, too - the team loved it. I've never seen so many snow crab legs! Got this great shot with the staff there. Stay warm and enjoy your Monday. Go Big Blue!, I have to thank all of you for being the classiest fans in the nation -
you proved it today. What a great, positive atmosphere and what a great
win for our program. Wanted to share this picture with you of me and
Drake post-game - what a good friend he is. We're definitley going to
see more of him - he loves watching our team. Enjoy the win and have a
good night. Team is off tomorrow and so am I!!!, Just finishing up a good shootaround w/great focus & attention 2 detail. 1 more reminder that today is a day 2 showcase 2 the nation that we have the classiest fans in all of sports. It's our players vs. their players & it's going to b a great,  game we should all enjoy. Rupp WiFi access permitting, I encourage you 2 join CoachCal.com editor, David Scott, 4 2day's live blog at CC.com: http://bit.ly/789Nah, Just finished up with the media and heading into practice but wanted to wish everyone a Happy New (Big Blue) Year. I've posted an important message regarding skin care health at CoachCal.com that I'd like you all to check out when you can: http://bit.ly/5EWT8Q 
Let's remember to show the nation we're the classiest fans in all of sports tomorrow and let's be the ones having the most fun., Had a gd early afternoon session w/the team & we will go again in about an hour 4 our final practice of 2009. Grt part of this week has been spending more time w/the team, but also w/Brad who's on vacation this week. Amazing what a young man he has become - just 1 more thing I'm grateful 4 as we ring in a new year. Let's all appreciate the gifts we have. Be safe out there & Happy BLUE Year 2 everyone. C you in 2010!, Just finishing up some Hartford tape and getting ready to prepare for the next game. We'll have 3 sessions again today - the team is getting into a good pattern & understanding what we need from them. Want to take a second to wish my guy, LeBron James a very happy 25th birthday. You are not getting older LeBron - you are getting better. . . which is SCARY! Enjoy the day and Go Big Blue!, A head's up for everyone that Dr. Todd is going to be featured tonight at 11 p.m. on ESPNU - SEC Academic Special. If you miss it tonight, it will air again on Dec. 31 at 2 p.m. and 6 p.m. Make sure you DVR it! (CoachCal.com Staff), Join us for the Internet's most insightful, enjoyable, lovable and huggable live blog during tonight's game at CoachCal.com http://bit.ly/8pMOso

Also, remember to check out Coach's exclusive "Keys to the Game" video for premium members, posted just before tip-off. Know about the game, starters and insider info you can't get anywhere else.

Enjoy the game and Go Big Blue! (CoachCal.com Staff), We'll have shootaround this afternoon and then we play a well-rested and hungry Hartford team tonight. I'm hoping the guys come out with great energy and focus. Enjoy your day, stay warm and be sure to watch the game tonight on ESPN2 at 7 p.m. with Carter Blackburn and Jimmy Dykes on the call., Little chilly out there this morning? That's all right, we'll b in the gym most of the day! We'll go at least twice 2day as we get ready 4 Hartford tmrw night. Once again, we'll b an opponent's Super Bowl & if we don't come prepared, we'll get beat. B sure 2 check out coachcal.com today - some great videos from over the weekend and you can also catch up on your Daily Cal http://www.coachcal.com/daily-cal., Make sure u check out "This is Kentucky Basketball" at 11:30 am ET on WKYT in Lexington and 12:30 pm ET on FSN South (Check Local Listings http://www.foxsportssouth.com/pages/landing). We have a special feature we filmed at Coach Adolph Rupp's gravesite. L8r in the afternoon on Sunday, we'll post some behind-the-scenes footage of the visit at CoachCal.com. TIKB is ur all-access look at UK hoops. (CoachCal.com Staff), Our family was able to share some time with Rick Corman (photo, left) and his family on his gorgeous new train car as we rode from Lexington to Midway and back. What a truly special man and friend Rick is. He's the only guy I'll allow to wear red into our practices!!! The team is back in town and we'll get a practice in tonight as we begin to prepare for the University of Hartford (Conn.), Erin got me 3 books and Ellen surprised me with the Kindle! Can't wait to start using - right after I figure out how to turn it on!!! Anyone got good Kindle recommendations for me? (Already got Bounce Back!!!) The Calipari family hopes you all had a great day with family, friends or even a great book!, Merry Christmas everyone - I hope you are all able to share this special day with your loved ones. I'm looking forward to spending the day with Ellen, Erin, Megan, Brad and The Mean and Nimble One. We all have so much to be grateful for as we spend our first Xmas in The Bluegrass. We were able to do our small part to give back to the community yesterday and we have some pictures here at the website: http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/895
Enjoy the day and be safe - Go Big Blue!, With the mid-day, mid-week game and many of you not able to watch it on TV, we want to remind you of the Internet's most insightful, funniest and most humble UK hoops live blog at CoachCal.com http://bit.ly/6DyKkF 
Hosted by CoachCal.com Editor David Scott, it's as close as you can get to having Coach himself live-blog. (CoachCal.com Staff), Hoping we can get 1 more b4 the Christmas break - but it's going 2 b tough. We had a good shootaround this a.m., not quite the energy & focus of the ones before UNC & Indiana, but good nonetheless. Just want 2 wish everyone the happiest of holidays & safe travels. The team will b back at work on Saturday night & we're all looking 4ward 2 spending time w/our loved ones. Let's all have a Big Blue Christmas., CoachCal.com caught up with 2 special fans at last night's game - watch the video here http://bit.ly/6BrFTR (CoachCal.com Staff), CoachCal.com contributor Tom Leach has posted his latest podcast at the site for premium members to listen to. http://bit.ly/8XDoho
This week, Tom catches up with James Blackmon who had a Christmas Eve to remember in 1983.
Be sure to listen to Tom and Coach Cal on Coach's radio show this evening from 6 to 7 p.m. on the Big Blue Radio Network. (CoachCal.com Staff), Morning everyone. Last night was a special time in Rupp and I'm as honored and as humbled as ever to be your Coach at this historic time. But we now have a lot of work ahead of us to accomplish what we want to do this season. Let me again give thanks to all the great players, coaches, staff and of course the best fans in the nation who are part of each of these 2,000 wins. Go Big Blue!, We are back live blogging at CoachCal.com as Coach Calipari comes to the podium for his post game press conference. Come and Join us over at the Game Day page at CoachCal.com, under the live discussion tab., Coach Cal: "This is one step in what we want to do this season. I hope this team is making you proud, because they are making me proud.", "I just want to thank you all for supporting us. This year is a lot of un. We love you Mr. Keightley and wish he could share this special moment with us. Go Big Blue!" said Patrick., "We have one angel cheering down a little louder than the rest on us, and that's Mr. Bill keightley," says Coach Calipari. "We're going to have Patrick say a few words here.", "A special thank to Coach Adolph Rupp who developed a program and a tradition built on a sound foundation," says Coach Hall, in a blue blazer. "Think of 20 wins a year for a 100 years.", Mr. Rupp just spoke and now Coach Joe B. Hall will address the fans. "Joe B" chant goes out - "This team is coming along faster than you led us to believe it would," Coach Hall says. "We're proud of every player who wore a blue and white shirt with Kentucky across their chest, that have all been a part of this great tradition.", UK is first school in college basketball history to win 2000 games - Big Blue Nation, you are No. 1! At midcourt right now are Coach Cal, Coach Hall and Herky Rupp, Adolph's son. Special moment. Celebrate safely and enjoy. (CoachCal.com Staff), Join us for the most insightful, raucous and poignant live blog in all the land - at CoachCal.com - we're underway and having more fun than should be allowed on the Internet http://www.coachcal.com/game/2009-12-21/home/uk-vs-drexel#gamday-liveblog

Come on over and enjoy what could be a truly historic evening, We just finished shootaround and I had Jamal Mashburn say a few words to the team at the end of it. Jamal is here to be a part of the broadcast team on ESPNU tonight. Hope everyone is having a good day. We'll see you tonight at Rupp and on your TV screens. Go Big Blue!, For anyone burning the midnight oil with gift-wrapping, studying or just counting sheep, ESPNU is re-airing our game against Morehead State. It began at 2 a.m. ET, Monday morning and runs until 4 a.m. Enjoy. (CoachCal.com Staff), A very special segment from this week's episode of "This is Kentucky Basketball." http://www.coachcal.com/daily-cal/2009/12/boogietv-debuts-big-blue-nation-can-cats-slay-dragons-uk2k
(CoachCal.com Staff), Happy Sunday everyone - How about our women's basketball team? Coach Mitchell really has them playing well & what a crowd at Memorial - 7,323 - wow! I love how our fans support ALL our sports. Hope u enjoyed the TV show this morning - DeMarcus Cousins has a future as TV host, don't you think?!?! Very funny stuff from our trip 2 NYC. Practice tonight and a tough one tmrw agst my friend Bruiser Flint's Drexel team., Check out the new features at CoachCal.com's Game Day page http://bit.ly/4DeGK0 and then be sure to join us for our live blog as well. Drive safe out there and enjoy the game. (CoachCal.com Staff), A week away from Christmas? Can you believe it? I've actually already done some shopping when I was out in Portland but I still have some gifts to get. Wanted to give a heads up that today is the last day we can guarantee delivery in time for the holiday on our limited edition, Calipari Family Foundation for Children t-shirt. Order here http://bit.ly/74S8NF and know that $4 from each purchase goes to the CFFC. Thank you and have a great day., It's Mr. Wildcat, Bill Keightley's day of birth & we were honored 2 have his daughter, Karen, at our practice. We were able 2 give her a picture of Mr. Bill 2 share with the Keightley family & all of the team & managers signed it w/the inscription, "Our Hero." Now, the bad part was Mr. Keightley would have been as sick & mad as I was after our practice - NOT GOOD. I'll share more on that at the website tmrw a.m., Coach Chatting with Team Calipari Premium members - http://bit.ly/7trZgF, Coach is now LIVE on CoachCal.com http://bit.ly/7trZgF!  (CoachCal.com Staff), Chat with Coach Cal LIVE with at 11:30am ET - http://bit.ly/7trZgF.  Join the Premium Team Calipari here - http://bit.ly/6vSJqa (CoachCal.com Staff), I've been telling everyone all season long that we have the best football coach in the SEC and now others are starting to pick up on it - http://bit.ly/6naqOy
Well earned, Coach Brooks - congratulations and good luck in the Music City Bowl!, Hope everyone is having a good day. I just posted a blog entry at CoachCal.com about something I did with the team last night at practice http://bit.ly/5KxSia Thought you might find it interesting. Also, a heads up, I will be on with my old friend Chris "Mad Dog" Russo at 6 p.m. ET on Sirius staellite radio, Channel 123. Always a good time when I chat with Doggie. Have a great night., Just a reminder to everyone that we are now offering a limited edition, charity
t-shirt in conjunction with our friends at Fan Outfitters. Four dollars
from each $14.99 t-shirt sold will go to the Calipari Family Foundation for
Children. Makes a great holiday gift and also helps local chidlren's charities. Order online or at F.O. on Tates Creek and Thank You! - http://www.fanoutfitters.com/charity/
(CoachCal.com), The Live Chat with Coach Cal has been moved to Thursday, Dec 17, at 11:30am ET!  You'll have to be a member to chat - act now to take advantage of the Manager and Player levels before they are gone - read more about the new Premium level here: http://bit.ly/84HngV (CoachCal.com Staff), For the first time in SEC history, a freshman has won the Freshman of the Week award in four consecutive weeks. Guess who? John Wall, of course. Congratulations to John. I'm on my way to do some recruiting and the team is going through individual workouts with Coach Robic and Coach Strickland. Good luck to all our UK students on Finals this week - study hard and do your best. Go Big Blue!, Be sure to check out the now famous, "Boogie Noogie" that Coach Calipari gave to DeMarcus on Saturday and some highlights from Episode Two of the "This is Kentucky Basketball Show." All at the Daily Cal on CoachCal.com - http://bit.ly/4n0AJE
 (CoachCal.com Staff), UK wins over Indiana 90-73 and the only stat you really need to know is the rebounding one: UK won the board battle, 49-24. We will have some post-game thoughts from Coach Calipari at his blog http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog on CoachCal.com by about 3 p.m. ET (CoachCal.com Staff), Apologies again folks - we're not able to stay connected for out CoachCal.com live blog once again. We've had to shut it down for the day. Check in at the Daily Blog on CC.com for updates, provided we can keep our connection. Again, we're sorry and urge you to keep commenting here and sharing your game experience. (CoachCal.com Staff), The Wildcats just took the floor at Assembly Hall for pre-pre-game warm-ups. Be sure to join CoachCal.com editor David Scott for the CC.com liveblog beginning at 11:30 ET http://bit.ly/2JBP5z  It's the most fun you can have live-blogging without needing a license!, A restaurant near Assembly Hall, On team bus heading in2 Bloomington & I'm reading a book titled, "Remembering the 40's: In The Heart of Appalachia" by                                                                                                       Truman Field. Reading now about Carr Creek, KY. Great basketball tradition! 1928 was a good year! Have 2 make a stop there soon. Tmrw's an early game after a long wk. Enjoy the path & Go Big Blue!, New Team Calipari Premium coming December 15!  Check out the details here: http://bit.ly/84HngV  (CoachCal.com Staff), Just back from NYC - Big Blue Nation took over the city last night, didn't they? Wanted to let you all know that we are now offering a limited edition, charity t-shirt in conjunction with our friends at Fan Outfitters. Four dollars from each t-shirt sold will go to the Calipari Family Foundation for Children. Makes a great holiday gift and also helps local chidlren's charities. Order online or at F.O. on Tates Creek and Thank You! - http://www.fanoutfitters.com/charity/, Have a question for Coach?  Tune into CoachCal.com on Tuesday, December 15, at 11:30am ET.  Premium Team Calipari members can submit questions and Coach will answer via LIVE video.  Here's an example of our last chat: http://bit.ly/6QJrwb  (CoachCal.com Staff), From the IMG box at Madison Square Garden, we have found the newest - and cutest - CATS Pack you're ever going to see.
From left to right, we have: Aaron Lovell, Drew Stultz, Austin Lovell
and Dylan Stultz. The boys travelled from Kentucky to the Big Apple -
and got blue perms to prove it!

Go Big Blue and enjoy the game everyone. (CoachCal.com Staff), Don't forget to join CoachCal.com Editor David Scott for tonight's special Live Blog from BROADWAY and Madison Square Garden. He'll be starting up around 9:00-9:15 ET and will accompany you for the entire game and, wifi permitting post game press conferences. There's no live blog with better insight into Coach Calipari and the team than the CC.com live blog found here: http://bit.ly/2JBP5z, null, Just finishing up shootaround at MSG and I'm strating to see the team understand what shoot around is about. I love seeing us get better in any phase and game preparation is a big part of that., Getting ready for what will be a real battle tonight - this will be a game a for MEN, not boys. Good to be back in NYC - always enjoy my visits here. Went to Mass this am at St. Pat's & lit a candle for my friend David Bronczek, the CEO and President of FedEx Express, who lost his father this week. Let's all put the Bronczek family in our thought & sprayers & remember to cherish our loved ones each and every day., Check out this just released song “Big Blue” - a contemporary fight song for fans of Kentucky basketball.  You can download the song in a special package that includes the “Big Blue” download, the ringtone version and an additional song, “My Way Is The Highway,” for $1.29: http://bit.ly/4N8RIT, Getting ready for practice and then our flight to NYC. Looking forward to the event with the Kentuckians of NY tonight at the NYAC. Wanted to thank President Todd for his super blog entry from today honoring an overall historic weekend for UK Athletics: http://bit.ly/5PHI2z
Do we have the greatest administration or what? Go Big Blue!, Congratulations again to John Wall, who was named the SEC Freshman of the Week for the 3rd straight time. The honor has resided in Lexington all four weeks of the season with Eric Bledsoe receiving the first one. (CoachCal.com Staff), A reminder 4 all our NYC-area fans & alums: The Kentuckians of New York will hold its 105th Dinner this Tuesday night (12/8) at the New York Athletic Club, 180 Central Park South (at 7th Ave) at 6:00 p.m. 
Coach Calipari will speak at the event. Hors D’oeuvres & Cocktails; 7:30 p.m. Three Course Dinner w/Cocktails to follow.
For more information please visit: http://bit.ly/6HnJLN
All RSVPs need to be in2 Janelle Hoffman at: jmhoffman@sidley.com by Monday, 12/7 at Noon. (CoachCal.com Staff), We've got a day off 2day - well-deserved 4 the guys - wouldn't u agree? I got in some recruiting last nite & will get some family time 2day. What did u think of our 1st TV show?  It's not ur typical coach's show. . . anxious 2 hear ur feedback. How about Tim Asher & his all-encompassing video wrk? We r lucky 2 have Tim on staff. Enjoy the day - back 2 wrk 2mrw & another really tough game on Wed. vs. UConn in NYC., We're underway with the CoachCal.com live blog: http://www.coachcal.com/section/game-day/Cal%27s%20Live%20Gameday%20Discussion/

Find out how shootaround was and later premium members can watch video of Coach discussing his issues with yesterday's practice.
Don't miss out on the most insightful live blog there is - it's the next best thing to sitting next to CoachCalipari! (CoachCal.com Staff), Morning
everyone! Just walking into shootaround but wanted you all to know that
we hit One Million followers on Twitter as I finished my morning run on
the treadmill at the Craft Center. Is that a good sign of things to
come today? Let's all remember to enjoy this day - remember, it's about
the path. . . Go Big Blue!, Check out CoachCal.com for some practice notes on the day before the UNC game: http://www.coachcal.com/daily-cal/2009/12/live-practice Also, Coach Calipari is less than 2,000 followers away from 1 million at his twitter page: http://twitter.com/UKCoachCalipari He is currently seeking ideas on how to celebrate the significant and impressive milestone. (CoachCal.com Staff), ATTENTION UK STUDENTS: Look for the CoachCal.com Street Team near the Classroom Building on campus at 12:20 pm today for a chance to win t-shirts & talk Wildcat SMACK for our pre-game video feature at CoachCal.com. (CoachCal.com Staff), Time 2 get back 2 work 2day. We need 2 hav 3 really good days of practice (we'll go light on Friday) & be sure that our intensity & focus are where they need 2 be for this next game. Just a couple of reminders be4 practice: Cheer Practice is today at 5:30 p.m. at Rupp http://bit.ly/5qdOGG & please tune in to our radio shows beginning at 6 p.m. with Coach Brooks; followed at 7 with my show. Thanks and enjoy your day!, Just like our team needs to constantly practice to improve, Big Blue Nation also needs to be working on thier game! With that in mind, check out the athletic department's announcement of "Cheer Practice" http://bit.ly/5qdOGG for tomorrow (Wed) at Rupp (5:30 p.m.) Let's all make sure we're bringing our "A Game" to Rupp at all times and that we cheer FOR our guys and not against the opponents. Go Big Blue!, An offday for the players today but I'm holed up in the office going over tape and catching up on some meetings and paper work. We will find out a lot about our team over these next two weeks and it's exactly why we play games against top level opponents. I want to thank everyone for their kind words for Ellen on her birthday - she had a super day! Get out and enjoy your Tuesday - Go BIg Blue!, A special birthday wish 2 the most importnt person in my life, my wife Ellen. I don't always show it & many times fall short but I'm blessed 2 hav met such a wonderful woman. You r an incrdble wife & mom. Love you Ellen. BTW, We hav a fam tradition - brkfast in bed on ur bday. Bcuz I'm away, Megan & Brad did it this a.m. Good job kids! (Sorry, Coach Hall, the tradtn is only 4 our fam! But Happy Bday 2 you as well!!), REMINDER: The Greater Louisville UK Alumni Club Pregame Pep Rally sponsored by Lightyear Network Solutions is set for Monday, Nov. 30, 5-7 p.m. at the Kentucky Expo Center’s West Wing. Admission is free for UK Alumni Assoc. members w/ membership cards & free 4 children 12 & under. Admission is $5 for others. There will b fun, food & festivities, including UK cheerleaders, dance team, pep band & the Wildcat mascot., Just a reminder that the team will hold an open practice this afternoon in Louisville at 5:30 p.m. Doors open at 4:30. Still some tickets available for Monday night's game at Freedom Hall. U can call the Freedom Hall ticket office at 1.800.231.8085, go online 2: www.Ticketmaster.com<http://www.ticketmaster.com/> or go 2 any Ticketmaster location statewide. Let's paint that red house BLUE! (CoachCal.com Staff), Sick of leftover turkey yet? How about sitting down to watch tonight's game with a lg 3-topping pizza from Papa John's? Go to www.papajohns.com - ANYWHERE in the nation - and order using  the promo code, "BOUNCE." You'll get an autograph copy of Bounce Back AND your pizza for$30 - a portion of all book proceeds go to the Calipari Family Foundation for Children. It's a great way to give during this holiday season, and also get a great gift for you or a loved one - not to mention delicious pizza. (CoachCal.com Staff), Just headed into practice but I want to wish all the best to Coach Mitchell and the ladies team this afternoon and to Coach Brooks and his squad tonight. Senior night is always emotional and things will be at a fever pitch tonight. Let's all support ALL of our UK teams with passion and loyalty. GO BIG BLUE!!!, How are the leftovers treating everyone? UK Catering prepared an incredible meal for my family, some staff and a few players on Thursday night when we got home from Cancun - corn pudding was unbelievable! Thanks so much to Ray and his staff - amazing job. Make sure you get to Freedom Hall on Sunday for our OPEN PRACTICE. Gates open at 4:30 p.m. with practice scheduled for 5:30 p.m. ET., We're at 30,000 feet & about 100 minutes away from Cincinnati. I just wanted 2 wish everyone the happiest of Thanksgivings. That was a good win last night because I was able 2 learn more about our team. We're seeing who we can go 2 down the stretch. I hope u are enjoying the path - that's what this is all about. Can't wait 2 see my family & enjoy Thanksgiving w/the team. Enjoy & be safe on the roads. Go Big Blue!, Morning everyone. If it makes everyone a little less jealous, it rained here last night!!! It's actually cloudy this morning too, but it doesn't much matter to me as we're busy watching tape and preparing for Stanford. They're a very well-coached and disciplined team and this will be another tough test for us. Before I forget, let me wish everyone safe travels and the happiest of Thanksgivings. Go Big Blue!, We've still got a long way to go folks, but we did get the win. I'm watching the game tape right now and then I'm heading to 8 p.m. (CT) Mass near downtown Cancun. We'll play either UVa or Stanford tomorrow night at 9:30 p.m. ET w/ the game being televised on CBS College Sports. Hopefully we'll take care of the ball better. Go Big Blue!, REMINDER!!! Win 2 tickets to the UNC Asheville Game on November 30th in Louisville! Film yourself showing us how big of a fan you are - "Show Us Your Blueness"! Post your video on YouTube or Vimeo and then email the URL to coach@coachcal.com. We'll pick two winners on Friday, November 27, in the morning., Just heading down to the health club for some work on the treadmill as we get ready for back-to-back game days in Cancun. Had a meeting with the players last night and we've got shootaround this morning. Wanted to turn everyone's attention to some tremendous new video at CoachCal.com. We may have found our new team videographer! (Just kidding Tim Asher!!!) But you will enjoy going "under the Hood," trust me. http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/733, Reminder: Tune in for the Live Blog on CoachCal.com for the next two games down in Cancun - we'll be one of the few blogging!  Both games will be open to Freemium Team Calipari members, so join in: http://bit.ly/8IVzpq (CoachCal.com Staff), Win 2 tickets to the UNC Asheville Game on November 30th in Louisville!  Film yourself showing us how big of a fan you are - "Show Us Your Blueness"!  Post your video on Youtube or Vimeo and then email the URL to coach@coachcal.com.  We'll pick two winners on Friday, November 27, at 9am EST., Just about to head into practice but wanted to congratulate Patrick (SEC Player of the Week) and John Wall (SEC Freshman of the Week). When they play the way they did last week, they are positioning themselves to win those awards a few more times. One more thing - for anyone who has access to a Super Sonic Jet, we'll be opening the last 30 minutes of this practice to our fans (about 12:30 CT)., Hola from Cancun! Just heading out for a morning walk and workout before we practice here at 11 a.m. local time (Central). Does everyone know what today is? It's my daughter Megan's birthday. You can check out the blog entry I dedicated to her http://bit.ly/8tz3W1 Have a great day. Oh yeah, it's going to be sunny and 80 here today!!! Sorry, just had to give you that weather report!!!, The team has arrived in Cancun and is preparing for an afternoon practice. CoachCal.com has video from the team's departure already posted http://www.coachcal.com/content/leaving-cancun Stay with CC.com all week for exclusive content from Cancun., A picture of some of our fans on the Delta Charter just prior to
takeoff. More pictures will be posted soon at CoachCal.com in the
"Daily Cal" (tab in box under video player) (CoachCal.com Staff), I told the guys this is a biz trip, but I want them 2 enjoy it also. Will b a grt bonding exprnce 4 us. Hav a grt Sunday - Van Los Gatos! (Go Cats!, I think!) En español ¡Van los gatos!, Thx to evy1 on the charter 4 the warm reception as we boarded - we hav the greatest fans in America. I'm watching tape 4 most of the 3 hr flt, Hello from 30,000 ft! Delta's providing us free Go-Go wireless service on our charter 2 Cancun so I figured I'd check in & offer another congratulations 2 Coach Brooks & the Cats., First win in Athens Georgia since 1977 - That's about all you have to say about tonight's win for Coach Brooks and the Cats. Pretty good day for UK athletics, don't you agree? Check out the website while we're in Cancun - we'll have some exclusive content for you in both video and written form. Check it out starting Sunday night!!! www.coachcal.com, I hope you're all enjoying this football team as much as I am. Win or lose this game (it's 11 p.m. as I write this), you can't say enough about the way Coach Brooks has molded this team this year. What an amazing effort by Coach, his staff and all their young men. Go Cats!!!, NOTE: Signed bks w/Papa John's deal have a signed "nameplate" on inside frnt page of book. It is Coach's real signature, but using  stickers allows us to faciltate shipping qwiker. This is an industry standard 4 signed books & is equivalent to having the book signed by Coach. ALSO CoachCal.com live blog 2day in Game Day section's live discssn tab  (left of page). Post game press conf. live blog too. (CC.com Staff), It's the weekend and I know a ton of you will be ordering pizza to watch us tomorrow afternoon and Coach Brooks and the boys at night (and the NFL on Sunday!) - So I wanted to remind everyone of our new promotion w/Papa John's: Get an autographed copy of Bounce Back & a large three-topping pizza 4 $30. Go 2 papajohns.com & use promo code, "BOUNCE." Portion of bk proceeds go 2 Cal Fam Fndtn. Go Big Blue!, Place your bid to win one of the very special and rare Keightley GAME
jerseys and join with Coach Cal to help charity this holiday season!
Bid here: http://bit.ly/6NYsxP (CoachCal.com Staff), Support UK great Kyle Macy & the Bluegrass Stallions at their season opener on Nov 29th at 3pm at the Ky Horse Park Arena. Get tickets here: http://bit.ly/5nyAQg (CoachCal.com Staff), Hey everyone - TGIF - Found a new spot! (To me anyways!) I needed a bowl of soup betwn our film work and practice - discovered Alfalfa on Main Street http://www.alfalfarestaurant.com/
Tomato bisque was the best ever! Menu had me wanting a grilled cheese w/ tomato or a peanut butter w/bananas (Hello, Elvis!!)
I'll be bak, u can b sure of that. Now bak 2 work - film w/ team, practice & then right bak at it at 1 p.m. 2mrw. We're in the thick of it for sure. Enjoy!, Just before heading into shootaround, Coach Calipari posted a blog entry titled, "La Familia" at CoachCal.com. Be sure to check it out (you will only need Freemium access to enjoy these game day thoughts from Coach): http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/703 (CoachCal.com Staff), Game day again - we had a really good practice yesterday with a a lot more scrimmaging, which I think this team needs. Another tough opponent tonight in Sam Houston State so it will take a total team effort again. Hope you enjoy the day and we'll see you tonight. Go Big Blue!, Had a great farewell dinner with the Chinese coaches sponsored by Joe Craft. Now I'm watching some tape and keeping an eye on my last two point guards going against each other with Chicago at Sacramento (Derrick Rose vs. Tyreke Evans) - I wish I could have made it out there, but we have so much work to do here!! I talked to both Derrick and Tyreke over the weekend - such great kids., The team is off today, but I'm busy watching tape & getting ready for Sam Houston. Hope we learn and grow from last nite, I was happy with the way we overcame the 18-point deficit. Want 2 remind everyone of our new promotion w/Papa John's: Get an autographed copy of Bounce Back & a large three-topping pizza 4 $30. Go 2 papajohns.com & use promo code, "BOUNCE." Portion of bk proceeds go 2 Cal Fam Fndtn, Game time in a little less than an hour... tune into the CoachCal.com Live Blog starting at 6:30pm ET - http://bit.ly/1CuvRg, Coach is just finishing up practice but he wanted to remind everyone about the start of the Big Blue Crush blood drive tomorrow thru Friday. The annual blood battle between Kentucky and Tennessee was established to help boost blood supplies in both states. Info at: http://bit.ly/3AsuE5 (CoachCal.com Staff), Hope everyone is making the most of this gorgeous weekend! We'll practice later this afternoon in preparation for tomorrow night. We just posted video for paying members at the website http://bit.ly/1unmN1 from the Chinese Coaches' visit to our house yesterday. It's sort of like MTV's "Cribs" - NOT!!! Enjoy your day and we'll see you tomorrow night!, Well, it's good to have that one under our belt. We've got a long way to go, but I did see some things that we're encouraging. Is Eric Bledsoe a gamer or what? (Not to mention his crazy shot where he fell down & got the bucket was the No. 1 play on SportsCenter's Top 10 .) And I liked what Patrick did - he needs to bring it like that every game. We can build on this win. We're back at work this afternoon w/practice., CoachCal.com's live blog is underway http://bit.ly/2JBP5z with editor David Scott at the helm. Paying members will be able to view an exclusive video with Cal's Keys to the Game right before tip. Happy Hoops Season and Go Big Blue! (CoachCal.com Staff), Some pre-game reading for you on Rajon Rondo if you need to kill some time. http://www.boston.com/sports/basketball/celtics/articles/2009/11/15/the_stubborn_impatient_self_centered_and_absolutely_essential_rajon_rondo?mode=PFYou will likely hate the headline, but there are few writers more worth reading than my old pal Charlie Pierce. Enjoy the game everyone and be sure to join me at the Game Day section of CoachCal.com for the best live blogging in all of Big Blue Nation (CoachCal.com Editor, David Scott), We're getting ready for shoot-around here in about two hours. Just wanted to tell everyone to enjoy themselves tonight and remember that this is the first step on a long journey up the mountain. Let's all have fun and remember to always keep things in perspective. Go Big Blue!, The group of 22 men's and women's coaches from China are currently attending practice at Rupp Arena. Coach welcomed the contingent and the team posed for photos with the coaches prior to start of the session. CoachCal.com will have exclusive video from the meeting later this afternoon. (CoachCal.com Staff), Video of UK's first signee in the Class of 2010, Stacey Poole, Jr., is available @ Eric Lindsey's Cat Scratches blog http://bit.ly/4FPKxH
Said Coach Calipari of Stacey: "Stacey Poole is
in the line of players we've signed in the past who have a skill
set & the work ethic 2 play in our system. He's a slasher who can play multiple positions & a defender who is capable of shutting down people. Stacey really wanted 2 play 4 us & we're glad 2 have him as a part of the UK family.", Congrats to Amy F. from Edgewood, KY! She's the winner of one of Cal's tickets to the Miami University game on November 16th from CoachCal.com. Be sure you're a part of Team Calipari to be in the drawing for a ticket at the next home game - http://bit.ly/1sqqOD  (CoachCal.com Staff), Just finished a really strg practice. Let me say somethg, when we are playing John Wall vs. Eric Bledsoe on opposite teams, we're fast. We're really fast. Getting a lot of work in on the Dribble Drive this week & I'm seeing the comfort level grow. Still a long way 2 go. Enjoy the night. I'm headed 2 the tipoff dinner at Rupp & then home 2 celebr8 Brad's bday., Interesting video from Jason King at Yahoo! discussing THE college basketball story of the year - Guess Who? http://bit.ly/ABhTN, Miss the video chat with Cal earlier?  Here's a clip: http://bit.ly/1BWqQO - Hope to see you there next time! (CoachCal.com Staff), Coach Cal chatting LIVE!  Answering fan questions via video http://bit.ly/363Mgp, Chat LIVE with Coach NOW... Cal is answering questions via video: http://bit.ly/363Mgp (CoachCal.com Staff), Congratulations to Barry B. from Winchester, KY!  He's the winner of one of Cal's tickets to the Morehead State game this Friday from CoachCal.com.  Be sure you're a part of Team Calipari to be in the drawing for a ticket at the next home game - http://bit.ly/1sqqOD  (CoachCal.com Staff), Just having a quick bite at Bella Notte http://bit.ly/1LTaEo after taking Brad to his 7th Grade hoops practice. Today was my 1st day w/out practice and/or recruiting! Wow, I hardly know what to do w/ myself! Going 2 hav a staff mtg 2nite to go over the next 3 days of practice. U ask what the biggest game of the yr is 4 me? It's the NEXT one - so let's prepare that way. And oh yeah, Go Steelers tonite!!!, Radio personality
John "Bad Dog" McCormack from Memphis was diagnosed with cancer. http://bit.ly/1iTrg8 Let's
send our collective prayers to this good man. You can share positive messages and best wishes at his FB page: http://bit.ly/3rtVGl
 You can see what an impact he has had on his listeners - a special man., Premium Members of CoachCal.com can get a status update on two injured Wildcats - yet another benefit of membership - http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/651
(CoachCal.com Staff), Morning everyone - hope you enjoyed that game last night a bit more than Monday's! I know I did. If you're looking for my thoughts on last night, paying members of CoachCal.com can get exclusive video here http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/648
Planning on resting up today and then we'll practice later this afternoon. Have a great weekend and Go Cats!, One last reminder that we'll have give-aways of Coach Calipari-autographed items during the CoachCal.com live blog tonight: http://bit.ly/2JBP5z
Things get started at 6:30 p.m. ET and the live blog gives you insight you won't get anywhere else from both Coach and CoachCal.com editor, David Scott. Enjoy the game, everyone and Go Big Blue! (CoachCal.com Staff), LIVE BLOG tonight during the Clarion game - http://bit.ly/1PQ5QO - Starts @ 6:30pm ET. Lots of giveaways planned, and it’s open to Team Cal Freemium members – join here: http://bit.ly/1sqqOD, Morning everyone - getting ready for tonight's game. Hoping to learn more about our team and also looking forward to seeing my alma mater take the floor in Rupp! We've got Game Day info at the website http://www.coachcal.com/section/game-day#s567 and don't forget to join in on our Live Blog tonight where we will be giving away Coach Cal-autographed items to participants. Fun starts around 6:30 (providing our editor has no travel delays from Boston!), We're back in two-a-days with the team, going early in the morning and then again the afternoon. It's not what I really like to do, but we need to become a better conditioned and more disciplined team. I hope this will help - we're eight days from the Morehead game and that is one tough, NCAA tournament-tested team, with everyone back from last year. We need to step things up., Coach delves into the issue of "toughness" with his latest blog entry: http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/638
Some pretty revealing stuff on how he will approach the next 9 days. (CoachCal.com Staff), Some exciting news over at the website I hope you'll take a minute to check out http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/636
There is also a video I did yesterday that gets into a little bit of my philosophy on social networking that I hope you find informative. Make it a great day., Morning everyone. Heading to the airport for some off-day travel. I guess you all now understand what I meant when I said we're at the base of mountain, right? But the guys are working hard and we know what needs to be done. We'll get a lot out of last night's game and use it to get better. Enjoy your Tuesday. Go Big Blue!, Looks like our guy Rajon Rondo is staying put in Boston http://bit.ly/1joOLK - good to see. You win champioinships in that town and you are a legend for life. Wanted to share this photo with you from Friday night at Wildcat Roar where I met Tim Meadows (of SNL and "The Ladies Man" fame) - it comes to us courtesy of Julie Meador. Tim is a super nice guy and funny too!, Coach gives an important message about an issue that arose this weekend. Check it out: http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/620

(CoachCal.com Staff), Hope everyone is having a great Sunday. We had a good practice this morning, just went through some light stuff, sort of like a gameday walkthrough. Looking forward to seeing how we compete tomorrow night and what guys can step up. Enjoy your day and we'll see you Monday night at Rupp!, Happy Halloween everyone. Probably a great night to grab a Papa John's pizza after all that trick or treating! Don't forget you can get Bounce Back with a pizza for $30 - ONLINE ONLY. U get a Large up to 3 topping pizza and a copy of my book w'autograph. Go 2 papajohns.com and enter the promo code: BOUNCE., 2nd of 2: "Due 2 the publicity created by several media outlets, we will no longer b able 2 conduct a preseason practice off campus this weekend. We will schedule an open practice at Freedom Hall and make sure all our fans in Louisville know about it.", Here's my statement on something that evidently had been discussed this week: "We originally planned a practice at Freedom Hall on Sun aftnoon 2 give our guys a chance 2 practice in an arena we will compete in later this season. The passion of our Kentucky fans in L'ville made it impossible 4 the word not 2 get out abt the practice at Freedom Hall." (Cont'd, next post), Be safe out there as you celebrate Halloween - make sure you get over to join us at Memorial Coliseum. Also, check out a brand new contest at CoachCal.com - I think you'll get a kick out of it http://bit.ly/1btzZS, I hope we can all be part of Wildcat Roar tonight at Memorial. Details are here: http://www.uky.edu/SAB/event.php?id=396
Homecoming weekend is a special time so let's all enjoy it together!, Looking fwd 2 meeting a ton of UK alumni @ “see blue” Day at Keeneland Fri from 1-2:15 for a book signing. Partial proceeds go to DanceBlue. Should be the start of a great Homecoming Weekend., It's Pre-Season Poll Day and the first one is out. AP releases later today.
CoachCal.com has exclusive post-scrimmage thoughts from Coach Calipari available at the Daily Cal http://www.coachcal.com/daily-cal/2009/10/scrimmage-thoughts-coach (CoachCal.com Staff), Halftime Stats from the Blue-White scrimmage: Blue leads 49-27. PPat leads all scorers with 15 pts. High rebounder is Harrellson with 10 (and 10 points). Dodson and Harris both hit two 3s each. Points in paint were 36-10 Blue. Blue shot 50 % from field, White shot 31 %. Combined 3-pt shooting was 6 of 19. Plus-nine rebounding edge for Blue (27-18). Bledsoe with six assists, zero turns. orton w/2 blks (CoachCal.com), CoachCal.com paying members can get an insider's view of Tuesday's practice and find out why Coach Calipari thought it was a "breakthrough" session. http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/609, I've always wondered how I'd sound in forgeign languages. Now I know! http://www.kentuckywildcats.tv/
Just another example of the unbelievable job UKAA did in putting together Big Blue Madness and not missing a trick.
Hope to see everyone at the Blue/White Scrimmage tomorrow night - the guys have been working so hard, so please show your support., On behalf of the entire UK basketball family, we offer our condolences to Tubby Smith and his family on the passing of Tubby's dad. Our thoughts and prayers are with the Smiths during this difficult time., A reminder that Coach Calipari will be signing copies of "Bounce Back" at Keeneland for "UK Day" this Friday, October 30, from 1-2:15 p.m. It will be your last, best chance to get an autographed copy before the holiday rush! A portion of the day's books sales will be donated to Dance Blue. (CoachCal.com Staff), Hope you are all having a great start to the week. The team is off today, so I'm able to catch up on some office work and tend to some other business. Paying members of CoachCal.com are now able to see video form yesterday's scrimmage http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/603
Enjoy the day. . . Looking forward to Wednesday's Blue-White scrimmage - hope you are as well!, Just finished our 2nd scrimmage of the weekend. Overall, I'm pretty happy with where we are - the guys are working hard and we're progressing. There will be exclusive video highlights Monday on CoachCal.com plus some notes on the Daily Cal at the home page. By the way, how about my Steelers? Crazy finish. We're off on Monday, get back at it on Tuesday and then the Blue-White game on Wednesday. Should be a great week., Finished up our first real scrimmage session this afternoon. I'll have to watch the tape, but I thght every1 did some good things - Daniel and Darius really stood out to me. Caps a good first wk of practice - the guys played hard w/ good tempo. 4 this time of year, what they showed me, it's a great foundation to build from. Our defense has to catch up to the offense & that's ok., I've just posted a special note to the UK Student body at CoachCal.com http://www.coachcal.com/daily-cal/2009/10/thank-you-note-greatest-student-body-nation
When you get a chance, click over and check it out. Have a great weekend everyone. We'll be practicing all weekend and rooting on all our UK teams that are in action - won't you do the same?, Great story on the Wildcats' team chemistry from Eric Lindsey at CatScratches on UKAA.com http://www.ukathletics.com/blog/2009/10/close-knit-cats-have-chemistry.html
 Check it out!, Paying members may now watch Coach Calipari as he welcomes the students to the Student-Only practice in Memorial Coliseum. http://www.coachcal.com/content/student-practice-intro Things wrapped up about an hour ago and it was a great crowd and they got to see the team REALLY getting after it. (CoachCal.com Staff), Some amazing news from 800-CEO-READ where "Bounce Back" is a Top 3 book of what Corporate America is reading. http://bit.ly/1H9ov2 Coach was humbled to hear that news and once again thanks all of you for spreading the message of "Bounce Back.", Happy Friday everyone! I'm really looking forward to our first student-only practice this afternoon beginning at 1:30 p.m. in Memorial Coliseum (doors open at 12:30 p.m.) It's a great chance for our guys to give a glimpse of what we've been working on to their classmates and friends. In the meantime, please head over to CoachCal.com for an exclusive 1-on-1 video interview with SEC Pre-season player of the year, Patrick Patterson. http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/589, Days like today put things in perspective and once again re-emphasize that what we do is just a game. I hope we can all remember that moving forward. It's even more reason why we need to have fun and enjoy this team and this season. When I get back, I'm going straight to see the women's volleyball team. We need some of their excellence to rub off on us! Then we'll hold a late practice with the team., I was able to get back to Memphis for the funeral of a special little boy, Turner Lee http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/586 at a packed church. Amazing the impact a 3-year-old can have on a community. I was able to hug his parents, Sara and Keith and his grandparents. I wish there was more I could do, but hopefully the outpouring of love they received today will ease their pain to some degree., I hope everyone is having a good Wednesday. I'm catching up on some things in the office and then have some meetings this afternoon. I want to remind everyone about tonight's big women's volleyball match vs. Tennessee http://bit.ly/3OFJxS
I'm going to do my best to be back in time to be there and I hope all of you will too., The voters have spoken & we have our winners in the "Give Coach's BBM Speech an Alternate Name" contest. They r Rocky Lykins for "The Domination Proclamation 4 the Big Blue Nation" & James W Yancey for "One Heartbeat, One Blue Nation." Rocky & James, please send mailing information 2 coach@coachcal.com so we can send your autographed copies of the audio version of "Bounce Back." Thanks to all who sent in requests., I'm in NYC for some meetings and just finished watching our practice
tape from yesterday. There's more on that practice at the "Daily Cal"
http://www.coachcal.com/daily-cal/2009/10/pushing-through-fatigue on
the website and there is also some exclusive video from practice for
paying members only http://www.coachcal.com/content/charting-practice

I'll be back in town tonight. Have a great day. . ., I'm in NYC for some meetings and just finished watching our practice tape from yesterday. There's more on that practice at the "Daily Cal" http://www.coachcal.com/daily-cal/2009/10/pushing-through-fatigue on the website and there is also some exclusive video from practice for paying members only http://www.coachcal.com/content/charting-practice
I'll be back in town tonight. Have a great day. . ., I'm not one 2 throw any1 under the bus, but that's exactly what I'm going 2 do regarding my earlier post abt MTV. My trusty website editor thought it would be cute 2 throw in the "Total Request Live" reference along w/ the Martha Quinn jab. Well, I may be tragically un-hip, but my editor is tragically way behind. TRL has been off the air 4 some time. In summary, my "social media guy" is socially dysfunctional!!! LOL., SEC Pre-Season media poll has been released http://bit.ly/2TAX4D. Congratulations to Patrick, John Wall and the entire team. But you know what? The voters definitely haven't seen our practices - we're a long way from where they think we will be! But it's nice to be recognized., Wait until Erin, Megan and Bradley hear that their old man is on MTV! http://newsroom.mtv.com/2009/10/19/drake-university-of-kentucky/

Think I could host Total Request Live some time? Is Martha Quinn still a VJ over there??!!!??, A new poll has been published at CoachCal.com http://www.coachcal.com/polls/581 to decide which of your best Facebook suggestions for the alternate title of Coach's BBM speech should be awarded autographed copies of the audio version of Bounce Back. Please vote for your favorite by 5 p.m. ET Tuesday. (CoachCal.com Staff), Good morning practice and when I got home Papa John's has sent along some pizzas 2 help kickoff our new promo with them. U can 
order a lg 3-topping pizza and get an autograph copy of Bounce Back for
$30 by going 2 www.papajohns.com & using the promo code, "BOUNCE." PJs has been an unbelievable partner for us and we look forward to raising more money for my foundation with them in the near future., We had 2 good practices & the Coaches' Clinic went very well. I hope everyone was able 2 get something out of the full day of instruction. Now, as for u guys & ur suggestions 4 the alternate name of my BBM speech? U r unbelievable - the things you came up with had me laughing. Very creative - I'll announce the 2 winners on Monday and we'll include a Top 5 list as well - maybe a Top 10! Have a great rest of the wkend., The official name of my speech (http://bit.ly/3WfDDc) last night was the "Blue All Around You Vision Statement." But I've been hearing some other "unofficial" names that are pretty creative. Let's do this - submit your best title in the comments section between now & 5 p.m. ET Saturday & the CoachCal.com Staff will pick its 2 favorites and get the winners an autographed audio version of "Bounce Back." As always, keep it clean, have fun & duplicate answers revert to the earliest poster., Just starting the coaches' clinic and our first official practice of the season. I want 2 thank u all for the awesome display of Big Blue Madness you all created last night. I do have 2 apologize if u felt the speech was too long - the running time was really under 10 minutes but there were a lot of pauses for ur wild cheering! I hope I didn't put anyone 2 sleep - I just wanted 2 lay out our vision 4 this program., What is your reaction to the vision statement Coach just delivered to Big Blue Nation?, Not able to make it to BBM?  Check out the Game Day Live Discussion on CoachCal.com - http://coachcal.com/section/game-day/Cal%27s%20Live%20Gameday%20Discussion/, I can't give away too much of the night's secrets, but here is a sneak-peek at the inside of the arena as of 6:03 p.m. You're looking at the upper level and one of the video boards. Whet your appetite enough?
I'm told raffic is already heavy getting to the arena and the city is painted blue.
I can't wait to join everyone inside Rupp! Let's be safe out there and let's have a ball., A reminder that BBM will be streamed live at the UKAA site and broadcast on the Big Blue Sports Network. For more information: http://bit.ly/2CWG26, I want everyone to share that story when you are next asked, "What is Big Blue Nation?" It's good, honest, people doing what's right and having the faith that others will do right. I'm so proud that we have fans like Heather and Jennifer., Well, we were just about to try and find a deserving student to give it to when a grad student in Food Sciences named Jennifer Willig reached out and described where she lost the ticket (and its number) in full detail. The picture below is Jennfier moments after she was re-united with her prized ducat. And as for Heather, we have given her 2 tix to BBM. Don't you all love happy endings?, I've got great news. Do you remember earlier this week we had a woman who had found a BBM student ticket while she was downtown last weekend? Throughout the week we waited and hoped that the person who lost the ticket who reach out to claim it. The woman who found it, Heather Stickel of Lexington, even went as far as to place an ad on CraigsList!, Oh, wait. I'm supposed to be somewhere tonight aren't I?, Anybody got plans for tonight? I was thinking of having a quiet night in with the family. Maybe watch a little History Channel and then turn in early. . ., Yes, folks, the promo is nationwide. In fact, the first promotion saw redemptions in all 50 US states! Big Blue Nation is everywhere. The charitable donations are still being done in conjunction with the first "3-pointer" deal where you enter CHCAL. That will last through the end of October., With the success of our first promotion with Papa John's (http://bit.ly/4h6Az2), we are proud to announce a new offering where PJ customers can obtain an autographed copy of  Bounce Back when they order a large three-topping pizza       online at www.papajohns.com
      and use the promo code, "BOUNCE."
The pizza and book will cost $30., It's almost here! Man, am I excited to get this thing started for real. But 1st, some responsibilities in the community & at the University. I will be speaking @ the Lexington Rotary Club's luncheon today & then we have media day on campus. My session w/ the media will be preceded the announcement of a sizable donation 2 Kentucky Children's hospital (thru Papa John's) & 2 the Calipari Family Foundation for Children., Order from http://www.ukplaid.com and get FREE shipping by using the code COACHCAL at checkout!, Where does the day go? Finishing up some office work and then I'll be at the Claude Sullivan dinner tonight. Looking forward to it. What a great event with Kent Taylor and the Texas Roadhouse crew in Shively today - first class all the way. Have a great night. . ., My badge awaits! How great is that?
Terrific event here at the Cave City Convention Center - what a crowd and what a tremendous facility., Coach with the fine men of the Barren County Sheriff's Office just before the Glasgow event: Detectives Ron Lafferty, Rusty Anderson, Eric Guffey and Mike Houchens. They're telling me I'm going to be deputized as a special deputy at the end of the night. Watch out! I'll be a Coach with a badge! When I get home I'm going to tell Ellen, "There's a new sheriff in town!" She'll still make me take out the trash!, Visit CoachCal.com's home page and check under the media player for video of the No. 1 reason students should NEVER miss a class at UK! (CoachCal.com Staff), The ticket's finder wants nothing in return but simply knows how disappointing it would be to have lost such a coveted ticket. If that's not what the spirit of Big Blue Nation is all about, I don't know what is. Contact David at Coach@coachcal.com if you are the rightful owner., IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT: A Big Blue Madness student ticket was found over the weekend at a local restaurant. If the rightful owner of the ticket can identify where the seat is and the establishment it was left in, we will put you in contact with the kind soul who found the ticket so the owner can get it back. (Continued in next post), Also watching and cheering on Coach Brooks and the Cats in the office as I finish up. And how about Coach Skinner getting career win No. 100 last night? Do we have unbelievable coaches on this campus or what? It's an honor to work with such a dedicated group., Catching up on some work in the office after another busy week in Big
Blue Nation! Got the chance to go out to the new Fan Outfiiters store
on Tates Creek this morning and let me tell you something - I don't
think there's a UK-themed thing they don't have! I got Ellen a great
shirt and I was going to buy the Mean and Nimble One a dog collar, but
didn't. Tim Couch is part of the ownership group and he stopped by to
say hello - what a great guy., Big Blue Sports Archives honors Claude Sullivan on Oct 13th - check out more here: http://bit.ly/woojC - Team Calipari members can win 2 tickets to the event - enter here: http://bit.ly/fDmDN, The folks from UK Plaid presented Cal with one of their ties.  Order from http://www.ukplaid.com and get free shipping by using the code COACHCAL at checkout!, Check out a behind the scenes clip from yesterday's chat with Cal - http://bit.ly/ChatClip, Answering questions during the LIVE chat on CoachCal.com, Cal during his first LIVE chat on CoachCal.com, Just a reminder that I'll have a special Bounce Back signing on Tuesday, Oct. 13, at the Texas Roadhouse restaurant at 4406 Dixie Highway in Shively to benefit Kosair Children’s Hospital. Hope to see you there to help support a great cause!: http://texasr.fbmta.com/members/ViewMailing.aspx?MailingID=23622328966&StoreCode=013 http://texasr.fbmta.com/members/ViewMailing.aspx?MailingID=23622328966&StoreCode=013, Also going to give BBM tickets to a local charity... help Coach pick: http://www.coachcal.com/polls/537, Team Calipari members - got tix to BBM?  No?  Enter to win a pair - http://www.coachcal.com/contests/win-big-blue-madness-tickets, Get your questions ready for Coach
Calipari as he hosts CoachCal.com's paying members in the first of
regular LIVE chats today at 11 a.m. ET. Coach Calipari will personally answer reader-submitted questions from 11:00 to 11:45 a.m. Still time to join and be a part of this first-of-its-kind event with Coach Cal. But you better hurry! http://www.coachcal.com/team-calipari (CoachCal.com Staff) http://www.coachcal.com/team-calipari, Chat LIVE with Coach Cal TODAY at 11am ET on CoachCal.com - you must be a Team Calipari member to join in! http://bit.ly/CalChat, That was an amazing night with all the ladies. I hope u all enjoyed it as much as we did. I need 2 thank all my assistants, support staff & everyone who put so much time into making my first women's clinic something 2 remember. Let us know what u thought & please share ur pictures w/us. We're already planning next year's 2 make it bigger, better and bluer! Thanks, Ladies - you are the heartbeat of Big Blue Nation., I'm taking a brief timeout from the women's clinic currently going on in the Joe Craft Center. What an incredible turnout! It's great to be able to meet so many of the women of Big Blue Nation. And you know what, the women ARE smarter!
Here's a shot with me and 300 of my newest friends! Thanks ladies, we appreciate your participation in the first annual John Calipari women's clinic., Chat LIVE with Coach Cal tomorrow at 11am ET on CoachCal.com - you must be a Team Calipari member to join in! http://bit.ly/CalChat, The Tip-Off Luncheon in Louisville is today & I'm about as excited as anyone could be - you know when this luncheon comes around, that meaningful basketball isn't far beind! And tonight, the Women's Clinic is being held at the Craft Center and let me tell you something, our staff has been working tirelessly to put together a memorable event for all the ladies. It's going to be great - See you all there and in Lville!, My good friend and Kitchen Cabinet member (you all know what I mean if you've read "Bounce Back") Ken Blanchard is holding a special Twitter contest (http://twitter.com/kenblanchard) called "Today's Top Leader." Send a Tweet out to the world, include @kenblanchard in your message, and let Ken know who YOU think today's top leader is. More details here: http://leaderchat.org., Information on obtaining tickets for the Student Only practice presented by  Joe Craft and Friends of Coal on Friday, October 23 can be found here: http://bit.ly/2JgB6K. When you go to those other events, I want you to all stay and cheer on our teams, okay? They all deserve as much support as you show us - every student-athlete we have is deserving of your cheers and good will. We need to give all our teams a home-field/court advantage., Just back from a speaking engagement at Brown-Forman in Louisville - what a great bunch of dedicated and passionate people. Event was in conjunction with the United Way, so you know they're caring and generous too. Had an unbelievable lunch in their dining room (had to take the just-like-mom-made chocolate chip cookies for the ride home!) and now we're about to start up an hour workout w/the full team., Team Calipari members - check out http://coachcal.com for some exclusive video of Coach and the team at the game on Saturday. You'll love Patrick's turn with the band in the tunnel! (CoachCal.com Staff), But I'm re-charged now! We had a great practice this morning and now I'm off to the east coast for the final two days of the contact period. I should be back Monday night and then have a busy week with some book signings, the Louisvill tip-off lunch, our women's clinic and who knows what else?! And best of all? It's one week closer to Big Blue Madness! Enjoy the day. . ., Folks - you finally wore me out: With a Friday that stretched into 3 a.m. Saturday in a tent with my son (!!) to a Saturday that started with a practice, a team cookout before the football game, the game itself and then a trip to Laurel Lake for a Cruise for Cancer with my good friend Rick Corman - I was spent. Brad & I got home at 9 p.m. Saturday night & were both asleep by 9:01! Your coach was absolutely worn out., Sunday greetings. I first want 2 thank everyone for the reception we got when the team was introduced during the football game yesterday. It gave me chills running out on that field w/the team. We'll have some exclusive video from those special moments at CoachCal.com on Monday. I've got a morning workout w/the team and then I head 2 the east coast for some recruiting before this live period ends. Go Big Blue!, We've got a 9:30 workout with the full team and then we're heading over to support the football team. It's a gorgeous Fall day and I can't wait to feel the atmosphere for another big SEC game. One last thing - How about Coach Craig Skinner and women's volleyball going into Gainesville and getting the win? Great stuff - congratulations ladies, we're all very proud of you., Well, Brad and I didn't quite make it all night in the tent at Camp Craft (I like that name, don't you?) - I'm blaming in on Brad and he's blaming it on me - somewhere in the middle lies the truth! Bottom line - It was cold! And no one was sleeping anyway! But I will say this: You guys are the best. What an incredible feeling of community and passion., Morning everyone - sorry that rain couldn't hold off for the Tent City-zens. I hope you were all able to stay dry. I've checked the weather reports for you and it looks the wet stuff will be moving out around noon. I've just finished some video work for EA Sports and Nike and I'm about to do a sit down with FSN's "In My Own Words" over at the arena. Busy morning, but I'm fired up for this weekend. Enjoy the day!, Well, I thought I was going to get to sleep early, but I got home and Ellen had a different idea - so we went over to campus and gave out hot chocolate to the Tent City-zens. I'm so glad we did it because it was really the first time Ellen could get out & mingle & see just how nice and genuine all of you are. She was really impressed, the way I am every day! Thanks for giving a great introduction to Big Blue Nation!, Where does the day go? I started off early visiting the Tent City-zens, then had a speaking engagement with the local Kiwanis Club, visited Tent city again and finished the day with a great trip to Garrard County for a really special event highlighted by getting to meet a special man, Billy Pendleton. I looked in the mirror at the end of the day and realized: I need a shave! Have a great night everyone., Hey all you Camp Calipari denizens: On Thursday afternoon, CoachCal.com's editor will be trying to find Camp Calipari's best Cornhole Game. If you have a Cornhole competition worth David's time, email him at coach@coachcal.com and explain what makes your game so special. And let him know your locale and maybe he'll come make Cornhole Video Stars out of you. (CoachCal.com Staff), I think you guys are missing the point! You need to be in Tent City aka KenTENTky in order to be eligible for the CD giveaway! But thanks to all the posters who are re-affirming what we already believe!, Better yet, David will need to see a SIGN that says "CoachCal.com is the Best Website ever!" The first three signs he sees will win the autographed audio version of Bounce Back., Just for fun, let's do this: Our site editor, David Scott, is going to filming the sights and sounds of KenTENTky beginning in a few minutes. The first three people to QUIETLY come up to David and say, "CoachCal.com is the best website" will receive an autographed audio version of Bounce Back. David is wearing a navy blue, long sleeve shirt and will be carrying a FlipCam. And he's ugly, so you can't miss him!, DeWayne Peevy just sent me the photos he and his staff compiled for this gallery: http://www.ukathletics.com/view.gal?id=54481
 and all I can say is WOW! You guys amaze me in a new way, every day. Watch for a video package of KenTENTky at CoachCal.com first thing tomorrow morning., My apologies for being a bit behind on my Facebooking duties! I've been spending some incredible time in Charlotte with Coach Larry Brown and we've been completely zoned in on basketball talk 4 the better part of 4 days. I've got another busy day on Wed. with some more recruiting 2 do & then I'll be back in town for Thurs. Do you guys realize we're 16 days from Big Blue Madness? I can't wait, can you? Go Big Blue!, Hope everyone is having a great start to the week. I'm in North Carolina doing some recruiting and getting to see Coach Brown and my former player, Antonio Anderson, at Charlotte Bobcats camp. Wanted to remind everyone of our two upcoming clinics. The Oct. 7 Women's clinic (http://www.ukathletics.com/sports/m-baskbl/spec-rel/082409aaa.html) and the Oct. 17 Coaches Clinic (http://www.ukathletics.com/sports/m-baskbl/spec-rel/091009aab.html) - still spots available at both and we have great things planned for each camp that you won't want to miss., A new Daily Cal has been posted at the website: http://www.coachcal.com/daily-cal/2009/09/eagle-has-landed - In it, Coach Calipari asks you to show the power of BBN by becoming a Twitter follower of Fran Fraschilla, who was in town today. (CoachCal.com Staff), Hope everyone is as excited for tonight's football game as I am!!! Best of luck to Coach Brooks and the team. Go Big Blue!, Enter to win a signed CoachCal.com Gameday T-shirt - http://www.coachcal.com/contests/win-autographed-coach-cal-t-shirt, I got in late from recruiting last night. Walked this morning w my daughter Megan. We did a fast walk & stopped 4 coffee. She's my little girl! I miss Erin, my genius! Some more recruiting today & hopefully time to catch up on some office work. Thanks to everyone who is telling CoachCal.com editor David Scott what he should expect when he moves down here this weekend. Keep those replies coming! (see prior post), CoachCal.com's editor is enlisting the help of Big Blue Nation to find out just what a Northeast transplant can expect during his first season of college hoops in The Commonwealth. Check out his request here: http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/484 and then become eligible to win an autographed copy of the 5-CD audio version of Bounce Back when you offer a reply (coach@coachcal.com) or comment to: "David should expect. . . " (CoachCal.com Staff), Had an unbelievable visit to the Nike campus today w/ Orlando and Rod. I'll have some more on our trip for the website in the morning. But before that, I have to thank Nike basketball's senior director, Lynn Merritt; director of college basketball, Eric Lautenbach; and women's college basketball director Jill Pizzotti for showing us around & taking us to lunch on campus. I think O & Rod are still there eating!!!, Just
a reminder to all our Nashville-area Big Blue Nation citizens: I'll be
in the Music City tomorrow (Wednesday) for a luncheon (http://www.nashvillesports.com/news/detail.php?nid=71) AND a book-signing (http://www.daviskidd.com/AdultEvents.as...px) . Can't wait to see all of you at one or both., Happy Tuesday and happy Fall! Some Fall house-cleaning notes for everyone at the Daily Cal on CoachCal.com: http://www.coachcal.com/daily-cal/2009/09/welcome-fall-house-cleaning.
I'm traveling today but I'll try and check in later this afternoon.
Go Big Blue!, Hope everyone is having a great start to their week. I'm travelling today but will pop back into Lexington for a bit this afternoon. I've still got the smile on my face that Coach Brooks and the team created on Saturday! What a great day of football for Big Blue Nation. Thanks for giving me a memorable first experience at a home game. Can't wait for the next game this weekend., Morning everyone! Happy Sunday - and after such a glorious Saturday, what's not to be happy about??!!??!! You can read all about my first Football Saturday in the Commonwealth at my blog: http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/473
Make it a great day. . ., Let's Go Cats! Here's one with me and the man whose name adorns my office plaque, Powell and Mrs. Taylor., The Greatest.
Nothing more needs to be said., What a day and what a game. This is a tremendous setting for college football - really enjoying this. Photo is me with Kent Taylor of Texas Road House and Papa John at Commonwealth during halftime., Coming on ESPNU in a few minutes for an interview. Anyone watching at home, let me know how I do. Great atmosphere here. Go Big Blue!, Can't wait for Kickoff today! Hope to see you all there. Be sure to check out more pictures from my mine visit on Friday at: http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/470 
See you all soon. Go Big Blue Football!, Just up from the mine at River View Coal in Waverly, KY. It was an incredible experience. I'll tell u more about in blog later tonight. . . it was an emotional experience 4 me, knowing that my Grandpa John made his living in similar mines. It was invigorating too, though, and I'm jacked 4 practice at 6pm. I got a great story about miners I'll share w/my team. I'll also share w/Team Calipari members 2nite at website., Do you know what I did yesterday? I left my cell phone at home! It wasn't by design, but it wasn't all bad either. I might try that again sometime soon! I just finished a new blog post about my plans for today and tomorrow - http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/469, so please check that out.
Let's get ready for our Sea of Blue to wash over UL tomorrow afternoon. See you all at Commonwealth Stadium!, Jumping on a plane again today for recruiting. Can't wait for tomorrow when I I'll finally get a chance to have a practice w/ the whole team. Big weekend ahead and I'm looking forward to it. Also, for those that have asked, it is one BBM ticket per person attending the Coaches Clinic. We only have 250 to give away so sign up fast. (Previous Facebook post contains link), Here's a deal that will interest some of you: the first 250 people to sign up for the Coaches Clinic gets a Big Blue Madness tix. No previous coaching experience required. Register online here: http://bit.ly/zFAIn, Some unbelievable news from our "Bounce Back" publisher, Simon & Schuster's Free Press: Bounce Back will appear on New York Times Book Review best seller list on Sept. 27 at No. 13 on the Advice, How-To Hardcover Extended List! Big Blue Nation, you've done it again! Let's keep it going and get into the Top 10!!! My co-author & I thank you from the bottom of our hearts. Keep spreading the message of "Bounce Back.", Thanks to my good friend Ken Blanchard for his recent Tweet: http://twitter.com/kenblanchard/status/4033879462. 
You can also check out my latest blog entry (pertaining to our Coaches Retreat) here: http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/460
Enjoy the rest of your day. . ., Just taking lunch during our Coaches Retreat as we all eat at Wildcat Lodge. As always the Retreat has been amazing! About 40 coaches from our "family tree" are in & we are all sharing ideas & networking. I'm working on a blog post right now that I'll put up at CoachCal.com b-4 2 p.m. discussing the retreat. Hope everyone is doing well - can anyone guess what happens 1 month from today?!?! Can't wait., Show us Your Cal Gear! If you're wearing your CoachCal.com t-shirts, golf shirts, hats or wrist bands, we want photographic proof of it. We will offer a signed Coach Calipari photo to the members who post the most original and creative displays of CoachCal.com gear here at Facebook. (Keep it clean folks, we're a family friendly operation remember!) Hopefully we can get some international shots!, Coach Cal will be in Nashville a week from tomorrow on Sept. 23 for an event put on by the Nashville Sports Council and then for a book signing at Davis-Kidd http://www.daviskidd.com/Default.aspx?tabindex=2&tabid=3&storeId=5 in Nashville. Ticket information for the lunch can be obtained by calling: the NSC at 615-743-3120 or by visiting NashvilleSports.com: http://www.nashvillesports.com/news/detail.php?nid=71 Looking forward to the first of a couple of trips to Nashville this year., Getting after it on the recruiting trail. Be sure to check out http://www.coachcal.com/ for some background inof on the coaches retreat that begins tonight with our kickoff dinner. I'll be discussing the retreat here, on Twitter and at the site during the next couple of days. Hope everyone is doing well. How about that Patriots game last night?! (My website editor made me write that!!! He knows my Steelers are the AFC's best!), I think I caught a little Book Tour bug as I'm battling a cold but I plan on sweating it out!!! I'll be recruiting today in 2 diff. cities then a couple more cities tomorrow b4 the start of our annual Coaches Retreat on Tues nite. We'll have 30-40 coaches coming to town to network, share strategies and techniques. Great retreat article here: http://www.nytimes.com/2005/07/23/sports/basketball/23rhoden.html, On the road & heading to a speaking engagement tonight in Indiana. I enjoyed being in Boston yesterday and had a great meal in the North End with friends and some former players. If you're interested, here's an interview I did with New England Cable News that aired Friday night: http://bit.ly/7v4iM
Enjoy your Saturday evening and alert the Mean and Nimble One we're going for a looooong run on Sunday - I need it!!!, I have to thank Lexington's own, Adam Horn, a freshman at Harvard for stopping by our book signing in Boston today. Adam dropped off a Harvard t-shirt for me that I'm excited to work out in. Believe me, after these past two weeks I need a good, long run. Thanks very much Adam and best of luck at the "Kentucky of the North," Harvard., WOW!  Thanks Big Blue Nation! Last week by redeeming the CHCAL promo code for a  Lg 3 Top Pizza at papajohns.com you raised another $3,000 for the Kentucky Children's Hospital and hit our $5,000 Goal. PJ has agreed to keep it going and see how high we can go!! OK, let's see what you can do this week!, Here's Colonnade Hotel Vice President and Managing Director David Colella (and a UMass Grad) with me at today's book signing. The Colonnade is where I stay every time I'm in Boston - it's the best! All the rooms are incredible and the hotel restaurant - BrasserieJo - is where I'm eating right now. Great minestrone!!! Can't beat the location., My hope is that "Bounce Back" is looked at in a way that transcends sports. I hope people hear my voice when they read the book and I hope people who are up against it, who have been rocked - I want them to think differently after reading it. That's exactly what I do with my team - I get them to break barriers and feel great about it and truly think in a way that no other team in the country thinks., Hey everyone! Sorry I've been out of pocket - been a wild couple of days. These last 10 days have led me to this conclusion - I will never write another book!!! LOL! I'm exhausted. Honestly, though I really enjoyed my introduction to the state and the fans form Pikeville to Paducah. I was impressed how excited and kind everyone was along the tour., We will never forget - http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/441 CoachCal.com Staff, . . . And, we debut at No. 5 on the Wall Street Journal hardcover business list. Incredible, Big Blue Nation, just incredible., Sorry to be so negligent all day with posting here - been all over Manhattan and now headed to Boston. Wanted share some news if you haven't heard already: According to Bookscan numbers for the past week, Bounce Back at position #34 on the Overall chart; position #28 on the Overall Adult chart; position #5 on the Adult Non Fiction Overall chart; AND position #1 on the Adult Non Fiction Overall Business Chart. Thanks!, New blog entry with video from yesterday's activities - check it out http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/438 CoachCal.com Staff, Check out the latest Blog entries, complete with video!  Here http://bit.ly/HairCut and here http://bit.ly/CalKRKO CoachCal.com Staff, Coach with Judge Napolitano, Brian Kilmeade and UMass alum Willie Sanchez who works for FOX., Made it to 8 a.m. Mass at St. Patrick's this morning. Love walking around the city as the day gets started. Notice I didn't give New York City's Big Blue Nation citizens a heads-up to when I was going to St. Pats - I was afraid there might be a crowd control problem!!! Remember last time when I had a fan waiting outside for me after Mass? But I'd love to see you all at the Borders Wall Street Thursday at 12:30!!!, Had a great time at the US Open last night, sitting in the CBS box. Nick Faldo sat in front of me! Went up to the Nike box and met with our Nike partners. Now starting my media tour - in person and on-radio - for Bounce Back. One interview down, about 20 to go in the next three days! Spreading Big Blue Nation far and wide., Hey, is anyone watching the US Open tennis match between Gael Monfils and Rafael Nadal? If you look closely when they pan the crowd on ESPN2, you may see your basketball coach! Had a great dinner with my editor, David Black, at the Union Square Cafe - if they gave MVP trophies for editors, David would have the award named after him! Always great to spend time with him., Team Calipari members - get a sneak peek of a Paul Miller commercial featuring Coach Cal and Coach Brooks, here: http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/423 - CoachCal.com Staff, HELLO PADUCAH!!!! (Courtesy of videographer, Orlando Antigua), I've found a new Tour Photographer! (And he's a lot better than my co-writer was last week!) This picture is courtesy of Wildcat assistant coach, Orlando Antigua - it's the line in Paducah of people wanting to get their books signed! Incredible - I hope everyone agrees it was worth the wait to get to Paducah! Thank you all for such an overwhelming reception., Good morning & Happy Labor Day everyone. Spending some time with the family in the morning & then we'll have another session of individual workouts today. We'll switch things up a bit & group 2 guards with 2 bigger players so we can do some pick & roll work. This afternoon I leave for Paducah for a 6 p.m. CST event http://www.thecarsoncenter.org/event-details.cfm?ID=543 to benefit United Way of Paducah-McCracken Cnty, Happy Sunday everyone. Let's all wish John Wall a happy 19th birthday as well! I was able to post some notes from the fourth session of individual workouts over at the website (http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/412). Hoping to get some family time in today, maybe a run with the Mean and Nimble One and then a book signing at the Versailles Krogers beginning at 4 p.m. Enjoy the day and make the most of it!, Morning everyone! Happy first day of UK Football Season! Good luck to Coach Brooks and the team. If you're in Cincy and looking for something to do after the game, come on by the Rookwood Pavilion to the JoBeth store for a "Bounce Back" book signing. Hope to see you all there! Go Big Blue!, A reminder that I'll be Cincy signing copies of Bounce Back at the 
Rookwood Pavillion JoBeth Bookstore http://bit.ly/8ffwg - on Saturday after the UK football game (probably around 4 p.m.) Address is 2692 Madison Rd, Cincinnati and phone is 513-396-8960. Love to see all our UK fans there and we can celebrate Coach Brooks' first win of the season!!! Go Big Blue!, I wanted you to hear this from me so there is no confusion Lastly, don't you think it's a good thing if we get some Kentucky blue in that White House?  Okay. Enough said. I'm a basketball coach. I coach ball - and I can't wait to coach your team to new heights., That's how we get this thing moving in the right direction. You know what I believe in? I believe in America. I believe in the land that gave my grandparents an opportunity to better themselves and I believe in a land that let's all of us bounce back from whatever it is that may knock us down. That's what I believe in., The only way we improve is when we all work together - that's in basketball and in life. I am NOT trying to move the electorate this way or that - far from it. I am not going to actively endorse or support anyone for governmental office BUT I will fully support anyone the Commonwealth or for that matter, the Nation elects to higher office., You have 2 understand how I am and what I'm about. I don't care about party affiliation or political leanings. I've always been that way - it's how I was brought up. I see people 4 who they are, not who they vote for or what they look like. I'm not worried about Democrat, Republican or Independent - if a politician is going 2 move the city, the state or the country in the right direction, then I'm with them. Period., (Several Parts to this Posting - Plz read all): I just went on a run with Coach Robic around campus and was really able to think about this past week and everything that has been going on. The book is in its 5th printing, which is amazing. Thank you all so much. As for the UK jersey I will be sending to the President, let me be clear so there is no confusion: The first thing you have to do is cool it! Stop, okay?, Morning everyone! Labor Day weekend, can you believe it? We really are getting closer to the start of the season! I'm speaking to the United Way this afternoon in Lexington before heading to Radcliff for an alumni event and book signing - I'm told they've already pre-sold 300 books!!! You guys are unbelievable. Enjoy the day. (Check out video from Ashland, on right hand side of this page: http://www.wsaz.com/sports), Morning everyone! Labor Day weekend, can you believe it? We really are getting closer to the start of the season! I'm speaking to the United Way this afternoon in Lexington before heading to Radcliff for an alumni event and book signing - I'm told they've already pre-sold 300 books!!! You guys are unbelievable. Enjoy the day. (Check out video from Ashland, on right hand side of this page: http://www.wsaz.com/sports), Just got to Huntington, West Virginia where I'm going to visit with my former Athletic Director at UMass, Bob Marcum. Bob recently retired as the AD at Marshall and in October he will be inducted into the UMass Hall of Fame. When the history of athletic administrators is written, Bob will be a prominent figure in the book. So good to see him and Marshall coach Donnie Jones., I deleted the original post because there were comments not appropriate for this Facebook page. I hope we can all understand that what I am trying to do every day I occupy this seat is to let more and more people know what special places our University and our Commonwealth are. Now, back to basketball. . ., Folks - I think everyone is missing my intention of sending a jersey to the President. There was NOTHING political about it - it was simply a way of spreading the word of Big Blue Nation into the White House! I apologize if I offended anyone - that was not my intention. I know politics and sports don't mix, but a friend offered to give "Bounce Back" to the President and we figured we could send along a jersey as well, With the Logan County Little Leaguers at the Russellville event. These guys played in the Little League World Series!, On my way to catch the plane to Owensboro, but I had to stop and bring my in-laws to Wheeler's. They were blown away. I had my bowl of oatmeal and it will be fuel for the long day ahead. Also got to hold court for a bit with the "Horeseshoe of Wisdom" crew. I learn something from them every time I'm in there. See you in Owensboro (Books-a-Million) and Bowling Green (B&N)., One more from the Roadhouse visit. . ., Morning all. I'm the one on the right here, wiseguys. Heading off to Owensboro and Bowling Green today on the book tour and as we meet more of our incredible fans all across Big Blue Nation - human and mascot alike!, In Louisville with the Greater Louisville UK Alumni group. Great turnout at both our Borders signings today and with over a 1,000 autographs signed, I worked up a hefty appetite. It was satisfied with an amazing pasta dish from the the Bristol bar & Grille in L'ville. Wow - I wolfed that down the way the Mean and Nimble One goes at his kibbles!, "Bounce Back" in stores today!  To celebrate, we've opened 8 exclusive videos on http://coachcal.com/bounce-back for everyone to check out! (CoachCal.com Staff), Big Blue Nation looks mighty fine from up here. Pilot Dan Rice from RJ Corman giving us one smooth ride., Just finished up a tremendous breakfast with the Northern Kentucky/Greater Cincinnati Alumni group and I'll be heading to the Borders in Crestview Hills for the 11 a.m. signing. How many of you are in line already? Call your friends and get them down there too! See you in a bit., Exclusive content at CoachCal.com on the third day of individual workouts: http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/388
Book tour stops for Tuesday: Crestview Hills, Borders Book Store, 11:00 a.m; Louisville, Borders Book Store, 400 S. 4th St., 5:00 p.m. (CoachCal.com Staff), Tuesday signings are at: Crestview Hills, Borders Book Store, 11:00 a.m; Louisville,  Borders Book Store, 400 S. 4th St., 5:00 p.m. See you all there!, Great turnout and passion at tonight's book signing in Lexington. Thanks to everyone who came out and discovered the message of "Bounce Back." Big day tomorrow as we head to northern Kentucky and Louisville (http://www.coachcal.com/bounce-back#tour) to really kick this thing into high gear! Can't wait. You folks energize me each and every day., Take advantage of 15% off a Team Calipari membership by using your Twitter username - http://www.coachcal.com/team-calipari - Offer ends today at 5pm EST! (CoachCal.com Staff), Morning everyone! Hope everyone is fresh and re-charged after the weekend. I know I am. Want everyone to know that because of time constraints, I can't sign anything but the book at all of our book signing events. If I signed anything else, we'd never get through the lines! I hope you understand., Don't forget Coach's book tour stop on Monday night at the Hamburg Pavilion Barnes and Noble. Starts at 7 p.m. and coincides with the eve of "Bounce Back's" national release. Help get us started out on the right foot!, Check out a special live blog at CoachCal.com going on now: http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/384, I'm here at the Keightley Classic kickoff event and it is so special to see the Keightley family and be able to share this evening and tomorrow's activities with them. I so wish I could have worked with "Mr. Wildcat." They just wrapped up group photos with the team and this one below is our team with the Keightleys., Just a reminder to all our Facebook posters: The only way our immersion in social media works is if we all RESPECT one another and understand that this is a gathering place for all ages of Big Blue Nation citizens. Vulgar or inflammatory comments will be removed and posters of such will be banned. We do our best to monitor daily, but self-monitoring is our greatest ally. Thanks. (CoachCal.com Staff), Great point Brittany M.! Enjoy a beautiful day wherever you are - Big Blue Nation, is afterall, EVERYwhere., Hope everyone is enjoying a beautiful Sunday in the Commonwealth. I've got to run with the Mean and Nimble One, then go to Mass and later over to the office. The Keightley Classic Golf Tournament kicks off tonight., Some exclusive content on Saturday's individual workouts is now posted at Coach Cal's blog (http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/381). Also  Behind the Tour observations in the Daily Cal. (CoachCal.com Staff), I wish I had the time to sit and chat with everyone of you, but for now, these group talks and mass meetings will have to do!, Do you guys have any idea how humbled I am when I ride down an escalator and a swarm of people start cheering? I know I keep saying, "Wow," but it's about the only word to describe it. Thank you BBN!, Doing some more individual workouts this afternoon. Wanted you to check out my blog for some highlights from the Bounce Back tour kickoff: http://bit.ly/9rz6V
Come on down to Joseph-Beth at Lex Green Circle tonight at 6 p.m.!, . . . And the fans - and Wildcat - go wild!, Coach arrives!, Just pulling into the parking lot - will someone get me a bottle of water?!!!!???!!!, Hey everyone who is waiting at the breakfast for me - I'm on my way! The Mean and Nimble One refused to stop running this morning and he dragged me all over! Apologies and I'll be there soon., About ready to start the day off with a stop at the Fayette Alumni Group breakfast in the Student Center. Sounds like Scratch and Wildcat are already there waiting for me along with a packed room of Big Blue Nation citizens. Can't wait - Come by the UK Store booksigning which starts at 11 a.m. or tonight's signing at Joseph-Beth in Lexington at 6 p.m., On my way back from a coaches' clinic in Ft. Lauderdale. About 125, 150 coaches and it was fantastic. That is what I love doing - sharing with coaches of all levels and learning from each other. I invited everyone to come to Lexington and take in one of our practices. We all need to share to continually evolve this game we love and to help young people reach their dreams., Apologies - I got the time of the JoBeth signing wrong - it starts at 6 p.m. - Thanks Brooke for correcting me!!!  Book tour launches Saturday 8/29 at the UK Bookstore (11 a.m.) and JoBeth in Lexington (6 p.m.) Would love to see you all stop by and get a copy of "Bounce Back." We want to make a big splash and show the country all about Big Blue Nation. Thanks for your support and I hope you all enjoy the book., Almost forgot - This is the final weekend of the Papa John's "3-pointer" special. We've raised raised $3,600 for the Calipari Family Foundation for Children so far. Let's get it to $5,000 BBN! Go to http://www.papajohns.com, use promo code CHCAL to get a Lg 3 Topping $10 pizza and PJ will donate $1 of ea. order to the Foundation/KY Children's Hospital. Thanks and enjoy your pizzas!, I give you a re-cap of Wildcat Night at the Movies in Friday's blog http://bit.ly/JzHPd. Lots of good nuggets in the Daily as well. Make it a great Friday!, With the start of individual workouts this week and the book's release on Tuesday, I'm just about walking on air! Thank you Big Blue Nation for making me the most fortunate coach in the country!, We're 2 days away from the launch of the "Bounce Back" tour (http://www.coachcal.com/bounce-back#tour) on campus at the UK Bookstore Saturday morning at 11 a.m. If you won't be able to make it to any of our signings, I invite you to order the book through your favorite on-line retailer or, on Sept. 1, it will be available at bookstores everywhere., A special mid-day poll to have some fun with at http://www.coachcal.com/
Hope everyone is having a great day., Some of my thoughts on the first session of individual workouts are posted on my blog at http://www.coachcal.com/., Just walking in to start individual workouts. This is what it's all about - being in the gym, working with our young men. Can you feel my excitement?, New blog post (http://www.coachcal.com/) for Freemium members. I talk about the start of individual workouts. Enjoy!, Just three days until the Bounce Back book tour (http://www.bit.ly/PIgTX) launches and I couldn't be more excited. Book releases on Sept. 1., John Calipari  Coach has posted some EXCLUSIVE news at CoachCal.com regarding this year's roster. http://www.coachcal.com/section/cal%27s-blog/367
You will need to be at least a Freemium member to access the news. Membership - even the free kind - does have its privileges. (CoachCal.com Staff), Debut of a new feature at CoachCal.com - It's called "Citizens of Big Blue Nation" - Check it out at Coach Cal's blog at: http://www.coachcal.com/ 
Also, the Daily Cal gives specifics on the October 7 Women's Clinic.
(CoachCal.com Staff), I want to remind everyone that the "Bounce Back" book tour kicks off this Saturday on campus at the UK Bookstore at 11 a.m. I hope to see all of you along the tour (full schedule here, http://www.bit.ly/skav8)., Check out Tuesday's CoachCal.com "Daily Cal" (click tab in box at lower left of home page). Interesting nuggets on the Yahoo! CEO and a new book tour stop to announce. "Daily Cal" is free content - check it out now. (CoachCal.com Staff), One of my business talks today was to about 250 of the franchisees and company-owned store operators of Fazoli's restaurants. What an incredibly enthusiastic and driven group. They got me excited! So much so, that I'm enjoying a bowl of Fazoli's incredible pasta at the Richmond Road location with my good friend, Joe Malone - a big TV star in Boston!!! (And the former MA state treasurer). More later at CoachCal.com., For those of you interested in doing the same with your Facebook page, visit: http://www.facebook.com/twitter/
Good luck and enjoy - and tell 'em Coach Cal sent you!!!!, Well, how do you like that? It works! Of course it only includes the first 140 characters, but then offers a link to the full entry. I love technology! Thanks for being my guinea pigs - and thanks to Facebook for developing such a useful application!, We are testing out a new feature from Twitter where our Facebook posts are simultaneously posted at our Twitter page. As they say, "This is a test; This is only a test!", Just downloaded some of China pictures from our most recent trip and posted three of them at the website. Check them out when you get a second.
I had a great speaking engagement today - went really well and ended in a standing ovation! Not sure if they standing to run out, or standing to thank me!! LOL., Hope everyone is enjoying a great start to the week - last full week of August, can you believe it? I've got a speaking engagement out of state today and will be back later. I love being on campus when things are starting to kick into high gear for students. That energy and anticipation is something you only get at the greatest university in the country! Go Big Blue!, One last thing - that mistake may not be the only one I made in the book - whenever you have 100,000 words between two covers, there's a chance even the best of copy editors and proofreaders (which we had) will miss a few things. We are, as I will keep reminding you, only human! Thanks for your understanding and support. Go Big Blue!, There is no excuse for this - I know what a special and talented man Cawood was - I used to listen to him all the time growing up in Pittsburgh. He is a legend in UK annals and broadcasting history. We truly regret the error and hope everyone can look past it and still enjoy and learn from the message that "Bounce Back" (releases Sept. 1) conveys., Happy Sunday everyone. Hope your weekend is going well. Quick mea culpa to make this morning: Remember when I told you I'm not perfect? That I'm human and make mistakes just like everyone? Well, as Jerry Tipton, pointed out today, I made a big gaffe on page 273 of Bounce Back. I spelled Mr. Cawood Ledford's name wrong. My co-writer and I are truly embarrassed and we can not apologize enough to Cawood's family. (MORE), Just heading out for my run in the neighborhood with the Mean and Nimble One. For your safety and the safety of others, I ask that you please stay indoors!!!! LOL!! No, actually when we run together, the M&N One is focused on keeping up with his master and avoiding the hot spots on the pavement! Have a great Saturday and enjoy it with people who are special to you., Tail end of August and it's the time of year to turn it up a notch. We are full into recruiting this weekend, our players are back and everything starts to move a little faster now. I love it!, I want to let you all know I had a great visit with Paul Miller and his family tonight. Paul looks great and the one thing I told him was, "You've got to re-hab and do what the doctors tell you." I left him a copy of "Bounce Back" to read and review for me!, Let's all send our prayers and good wishes to Paul. Have a great weekend everybody. Be careful out there and Go Big Blue!, I'm on my way to visit Paul Miller in the hospital where he's recovering. Paul has been a long-time UK supporter & what a true gentleman he is. Do you realize Paul's dealership provided cars for Adolph Rupp. My family is now in a vehicle from Paul! Imagine that? 
I'm bringing one of the first copies of "Bounce Back" 2 Paul - I have no doubt he will b back cheering us on in no time. Feel better Paul, see you in a few., For any Coach Calipari fans who live in the Boston area, check out this event he will be doing with UMass Coach Derek Kellogg on September 11 in Boston at the UMass Club. (CoachCal.com Staff), We have been able to resolve our technical issues at CoachCal.com. Please check out Cal's Daily for some deep background on the schedule - it's a fun look at some of the games and opponents. Thanks for your patience. (CoachCal.com Staff), My sincere apologies to CoachCal.com visitors - we are still experiencing some issues due to some server maintenance that occurred in the early morning. My tech team is all working to fix the problem and hope to have it resolved soon. I'm about as technically qualified to explain this as an infant would be to explain the dribble drive, so I'll just leave it at: "Out of Order" and again, sorry., We are experiencing some technical issues at CoachCal.com and our technicians are working diligently to fix the issue. Please bear with us if you're trying to check out the site over the next few hours (as of midnight ET). Thanks for your patience and understanding. (CoachCal.com Staff), Check over at Twitter for some more comments on the schedule. I've got to go finish up the blog at CoachCal.com and get some rest. We were up early this morning for the State Fair, which was just outstanding., I gotta do it - doesn't that Papa John's pizza look good? Well, if it does, go order one on-line and use promo code: CHCAL. A dollar from every order wil go to the Calipari Family Children's Foundation., I really enjoyed getting some time to sit down and talk with Jodie over the weekend during our satellite camp tour. We will help him in any way he needs to finish his degree, which he is very close to completing., CoachCal.com staffers are putting together some quirky items on the schedule for Friday's Daily Cal - be sure to check it out in the a.m., Check out our first Twit Poll on Twitter: Which early non-conference game on the schedule in November are you looking forward to the most?, Not to brag, but this is a really well put-together TV show - I hope you're enjoying it. I'm still having trouble grasping that there's so much demand for UK basketball. It gives me chills., Live Stream link. . ., I'll offer real-time commentary on the schedule right here at Facebook and on Twitter, so be sure to join along for this special Big Blue Nation event!, Hey everyone - busy morning in Louisville. Was a special treat to go the the State Fair. 
Just wanted to give you a heads up that ESPN has released its 102-game SEC schedule. You can check it out at CoachCal.com.
Don't forget we'll be announcing our entire schedule this evening on the Big Blue Sports Network and online for fans outside the viewing area at www.wkyt.com at 10 pm ET., Great news! The UK basketball schedule TV special will be shown online for fans outside the viewing area at www.wkyt.com on Thursday night at 10 pm ET., We are working on other possible affiliates for the basketball schedule TV special and will announced them as they are determined. Check back here, on Twitter and on CoachCal.com in the morning., Schedule Release show set for Thursday at 10 p.m. Also a 9 p.m. schedule breakdown at Eric Lindsey's Cat Scratches blog at the UK Athletics site. Get ready Big Blue Nation - it's Schedule Release Day 2009, this Thursday!, 600,000 Twitter followers in just under four months! 52,000 Facebook fans in a month! I am constantly humbled by the passion and power of the Big Blue Nation! Let's get a million on Twitter and 100,000 on Facebook - are you up to the challenge Big Blue Nation? Thank you, thank you. You're THE best., Attention Team Calipari paying Members: be sure to vote on your favorite desktop wallpaper!  All three will be available very soon, but let us know which one should stay exclusive to members only!! If you're not a paying member, there's still time to become a charter member. Join Now at: http://www.coachcal.com/team-calipari, Super turnout in Owensboro last night and a great event. Thanks to everyone in the "O" for making me feel so welcome. Have a great day everybody. . ., Just about ready to head to Owensboro for a dinner and speaking engagement. I'll be flying there with Joe Craft and Hall of Famer Cliff Hagan. It's crazy, I feel like I'm with a different UK Hall of Famer every day! I'll try and get some pictures to you later on. Go Big Blue!, Have you read "Rich Tradition" yet? If not, make sure u check out Coach Brooks' book, written with Tom Leach, to get you excited for the season. http://bit.ly/qeSgN. I really enjoyed it - Coach Brooks has had an amazing career and we're so fortunate to have him at UK., I'm so appreciative of what Ken Blanchard has been able to offer me throughout the writing of "Bounce Back." He's an extraordinary man who I've had the pleasure of knowing since our UMass days. Thank you for everything, Ken - especially your latest Tweet: http://twitter.com/kenblanchard/status/3387420832. 
If we can enjoy a fraction of the success Ken does with each and every one of his books, I will be thrilled., For all you night owls, be sure to check out CoachCal.com at 8 a.m. for a chance to be a Guest Reviewer of Coach Cal's forthcoming book, "Bounce Back." Contest is for Premium Members of CoachCal.com. Charter memberships are still available at the site under TEAM CALIPARI tab! (CoachCal.com Staff), Check out the latest UK Blog post from Eric Lindsey on fans showing respect: http://bit.ly/rU3as (CoachCal.com Staff), This 4-day journey through the state has been incredible for many reasons, but the most special moments have invariably come when I get to sit and talk with the legends who built the Kentucky basketball legacy for us to follow. Today, I met with Madisonville legend Brown Badgett and 3-time UK All-American and Hall of Famer, Frank Ramsey ('51 Nat'l Champs) at a KFund function., They are as follows:  January 26 9 p.m. Kentucky at South Carolina February 2 7 p.m. Mississippi at Kentucky February 16 9 p.m. Kentucky at Mississippi State Note: All games televised on ESPN and ESPN360.com We are the only school with four Super Tuesday appearances scheduled and Big Blue Nation should be proud of that!, ESPN has just released its SEC Super Tuesday schedule for 2010. I'm proud to say we'll kick off the Super Tuesday slate on January 12 at 9 p.m. at Florida. We will then have three other Super Tuesday appearances. . ., A link to the photo gallery form our Hazard stop: http://www.ukathletics.com/view.gal?id=51532
So great to see the passion and excitement everywhere we go.
Thank you Big Blue Nation!, Happy Monday everyone! Busy day today as I've got two luncheons to attend (one at noon and one at 1 p.m.) and then we head to our final stop of the satellite camp tour in Madisonville from 4-7 p.m. As long as I can stay away from eating TWO lunches, I should be good to go!! Enjoy the day and make the most of it., Good morning. Here's the photo gallery from yesterday's camp in Pikeville. http://tinyurl.com/rdmygk
Enjoy your Sunday - I'm guessing more than a few of us will be on Tiger watch this afternoon., No matter what the result of tonight's game, these young men, their families and their coaches have been able to experience all the joys that sports can offer. Good luck to both Logan County and the Bartholomew County (Columbus, Ind.) team., Happy weekend! Enjoy yourselves. . .  Let's all be sure to cheer on the Kentucky state little league champs from Logan County as they attempt 2 advance 2 next week's Little League World Series in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. Game time tonight is 7 p.m. and it will be on ESPN., Here's Darius signing an autograph for a young member of Big Blue Nation. It's been neat to see what a positive impact Darius has had on his town and to meet the people who knew him when he was a youngster., Maysville's Darius Miller & Terrence Commodore at our first stop on the Satellite Camp tour in Maysville, KY. The youth of Big Blue Nation are a pleasure to be around - so much energy, spirit and all those dreams they are starting to chase. I'm so glad we were able to arrange this tour., Hop on the bus, Gus!
This is the cruising machine we're utilizing - thanks to its owner, Ray Ball - for our satellite camps tour which kicks off this afternoon at 4 p.m. in Maysville. I'm on the bus now and it's a heck of a way to travel. Have a great weekend Big Blue Nation - don't forget we're still raising money for my foundation with Papa John's "3-pointer" pizza deal. Order online and use promo code CHCAL., Morning everyone! TGIF! We start our satellite camps tour this afternoon and I couldn't be more excited about getting out and being able to meet the youngsters of Big Blue Nation. For more info on the camps, check out today's blog entry at CoachCal.com.  Make it a great end of the week. Go Big Blue!, Good to be back in Lexington. I was able to get some sleep last night and even though I know the jetlag will hit in a couple of days, I'm excited to get back in the office. I've got some recruiting calls to catch up on and we're in t...he process of setting up official visits and home visits for the next live period. Hope everyone is as pumped and excited as I am!, Just landed in New York. Not that bad of a trip - although if you're asking me whether it's 5 a.m or 5 p.m., I'm not entirely sure! Good to be (almost) home. Planning on being back in Lexington this evening. If I can't sleep tonight, you all may be getting some 3 a.m. Facebook updates!!! Enjoy the evening everyone., Just a quick reminder: This Facebook page is a way to link Coach Calipari to all of Big Blue Nation. As such, there are Wildcat fans of all ages and backgrounds who visit Coach here. The commenting section is meant to be a celebration of UK basketball & the passion that surrounds it. It is monitored daily & objectionable posts are removed & those people are banned. (CoachCal.com Staff), Great guesses everyone - Rupp Arena East!!! Very funny. The answers is: Tianjin Olympic Sports Center Stadium. Thanks for playing! Coach is traveling all day so you can bide your time by visiting CoachCal.com. (Posted by CoachCal.com staff), null, HINT: It's not the Bird's Nest. . ., Who knows what building this is in China? Provide your answers in the comments below. Thanks.
Just about ready to board my flight home. I'm thinking I'll be sleeping for a good portion of it! Enjoy your Wednesday everyone and I'll be back with you soon., Just finished up breakfast in Beijing with Del Harris and we'll be heading to the airport shortly for our trip back to the States. Been another great trip and with each visit, we're able to build and foster more relationships and spread UK basketball throughout this magnificent country. I'll be traveling all day Wednesday, but I'll get back with you just as soon as I can., We have a winner in our "Where's Caldo?" contest from the website's blog this morning. The correct answer, sent in first by Zheyang Du (Michael) from Lexington, KY was: 水上公园北路 （Aquatic Park North Rd); the translated name in English: GO BELIEVE; signature food is Baozi. Thanks to all who sent in answers. I'll give you a more detailed response from Michael for tomorrow's web posting at my blog on CoachCal.com., Having a few Facebook issues this morning. . . Bear with us! (CoachCal.com staff), There will be some more pictures on CoachCal.com in the morning from my Tuesday lunch in Tianjin. Del Harris and I will leave for Beijing this afternoon and to so more clinic work there before returning to the states., On to other things now - and again, thanks for your input. We try to be as responsive and adaptable as we can be while running an efficient, state of the art website that can inform, entertain and benefit our community. I'm beginning to think my humor might not translate here in China! During our classroom clinic this morning I made a few jokes and barely anyone laughed!! Feels like being back with my assistants!!!, We have now opened the video for everyone who is at least a Freemium member - there is no cost associated with this level of membership, just a simple sign-up process. We're certain if you experience all the benefits of being a Freemium member, you will want to enjoy even more of CoachCal.com through paid membership., Lively discussion on the pay portion of CoachCal.com. First, thank you for all your opinions and input - they mean a lot to me and the staff at CoachCal.com. Please understand that CoachCal.com is accessible to EVERYone. There are free portions that will keep you well-informed and entertained. The pay portion furthers the experience for those who opt-in. There will always be free content, including video and blogs., Be sure to check out CoachCal.com for a new video of Coach Calipari at UK football practice from last week. The video is available for paying members of CoachCal.com. (Posted by CoachCal.com staff), For the first time tonight, I tried pigeon and rooster. Just a bite of each, but both were prepared so well and were part of a delicious meal. Remind me to ask Papa John if those toppings are available in the states!!! Have a good day and I'll get with you again when I wake up! Go Big Blue!, Last thing - some of you have been asking what I've been eating. Well, let's just say I haven't been ordering the "3-Pointer" deal from papajohns.com (PROMO CODE: CHCAL)!! First off, I eat all my meals with chopsticks when I'm here which is a good way to lose weight if you're not deft with the utensils - but I've become pretty comfortable with them., I truly have been Del Harris's official photographer here!! But I love it. We had to be whisked out of the arena after the FIBA game or else Del would still be there posing for pictures, kissing babies and signing autographs. He is so well-liked here (and everywhere) because of his approachability and his kind way. He has had a tremendous impact on Chinese basketball and it's a privilege to see it up close., It's about 10 p.m. now in China and I'm exhausted. Going to bed and hoping to sleep through to a more reasonable hour than 4 a.m.! A few final thoughts from my day:  It's amazing how basketball breaks down barriers. Our two countries are so different in so many ways, but once we get in the gym, on the court or in the classroom setting, it's like we're all countrymen. That strikes me every time I'm here and I love it., For some pictures from my first full day here in China, please check out the Blog at: coachcal.com, Earlier in the day, I gave a clinic on the dribble drive motion offense to over 100 Chinese coaches. Coaches are already telling me that the dribble drive is being run by a few different teams throughout China. Isn't that amazing? Language barriers don't exist when when the language you speak is basketball. Have a great day everyone - Go Big Blue!, Just watched team China down the United Arab Emirates team, 82-59, in a FIBA-Asia contest. Team China looked great and is so well-coached. 
Tonight there will a dinner to honor Del Harris for all his contributions to the China Basketball Association., LOL, I gotta come clean. The man in the UK t-shirt is actually Xia Song who is responsible for putting this event together. He did say that at least four people told him Coach Cal was in the back when he arrived today. Xia Song was also Del Harris' interpreter when he coached the Chinese National Team. Del's a rock star here., Kentucky fans are worldwide. Here's a UK fan with Del Harris in Tianjin which is the birthplace of basketball in China. I'll have more on Tianjin in Monday's blog post at CoachCal.com, The first clinics Del Harris & I will be doing are in Tianjin, a city about an hour & a half south of Beijing. It's just a small town of about, oh, 9 MILLION people!!! I'll get some pictures to you soon, but for now, I just wanted everyone to know I'm here, safe and sound, and it's great to be back in China sharing UK basketball with the citizens here. Enjoy the rest of your weekend & I'll get back with you soon., I've been in China about 12 hours now. Such an amazing country and I learn so much each time I come here and discover more about the Chinese culture, history and customs.
I tried to get some sleep, but I knew it wouldn't be the "good sleep" - I wound up waking up at 4 a.m. local time and went for a walk, a run and some sightseeing of the local area where I am in Tianjin., The bottom line is, I'm looking to help this Big Blue Nation of ours all come under the tent together and in doing so, help make each of us better people, fans, fathers, mothers, sons and daughters.  Next time you hear from me, I'll be in China! Ni Hao!, I'm looking forward to some down time & some time to reflect on the last four months. The China flight is 15 hours, so there's time 4 sure.  I do want to say that I hope you all know by now, that I'm constantly trying to make things happen. I'm trying to learn as much as I can about everyone in Big Blue Nation. If I wind up offending some people because of some of the promotions or partnerships, I apologize., Got up this morning to run on Park Avenue and the street was closed for a race, so I decided to run in it. Any idea what race I ran in? There were bikers, rollerbladers, some people were flying, others were surfing - I have no idea what it was. If any one knows what race it was, please let the organizers know I finished very well! Great run., I'd ask that you do the same and feed your Top 5 in comments below. We'll re-cap some of our favorites next week., I never thought I'd say this when I started flying internationally, but I am looking forward to the down time I will have on the flight. A good time to take a little pause and assess the first four month days. It’s kind of mind- boggling to see what we’ve been able to do together in 130 days. While I'm en route to Beijing I'm going to try and put together a list of the significant accomplishments to this point., Had a super talk with Coach Brooks at football practice. I'm reading his book now - really a great read. Coach and Tom Leach did a great job on it. Looking forward to finishing it up on the way to China., I've got a speaking engagement this evening, then off to NYC tonight for departure to China on Saturday. I'm so excited to make another visit to Asia and I can't wait to share the experience with all of you. Have a great weekend and I'll check in when I can. Go Big Blue!, Your participation and support in everything we have done is incredible. Papa John's people tell me they are thrilled to see so many Big Blue Nation members ordering the better ingredients and better pizza that make Papa John's stand out. The code, again, is CHCAL (the CH stands for Kentucky Children's Hospital where proceeds will be donated)., Good news regarding the success of our Calipari Family Foundation for Children's initial fund-raising partnership with Papa John's. . .Your response to ordering the special "3-Pointer" pizza on-line at papajohns.com has enabled us to keep the effort going all month long.  Yep, order online using promo code CHCAL and get an up-to-3-topping pizza for $10. One dollar from each order will be donated to the CFFC., Just looked back on the Tweets of the Week and wow, it's been another incredible stretch of getting to know my new Kentucky home and all the great people who populate this state. The energy and enthusiasm in Wildcat Nation is amazing., I'm running around a bit today in preparation for my trip to China. I do plan on going by football practice to see Coach Brooks and the team. These are the dog days of summer for those guys - in college football, champions are built in August. I really enjoy getting out and seeing how other coaches handle pre-season practices, it's fascinating stuff to me. Especially with such a large group!, I told Ken Anderson yesterday that I was huge fan of his, EXCEPT when he played against the Steelers. He beat them at least one out of every two times they played - and that's saying something! Great guy - tremendous staff Coach Tomlin has., Our winners in the CoachCal.com paying members only contest from this morning are: Sam Plomin, Jeffrey Wolford and Kyle Mattingly. Congratulations and thanks to all the paying members who participated. (Posted by CoachCal.com staff), One of the highlights of yesterday was at Steeler camp meeting former Bengal QB Kenny Anderson. He had some great games against my Steelers. His son graduated from UK and lives in Lexington. Ken is now an Assistant Coach with Pittsburgh., Morning everyone! We have our winners in the CoachCal.com picture I.D. contest that was held this morning for paying members of the site. The three names will be announced shortly. Thanks to everyone for participating - and for those who weren't able to, be sure to check out all the amazing features of CoachCal.com - membership does have its priveleges! (Posted by CoachCal.com Staff), Anyone know the big guy in this one?, Some more Steelers pix. . . Really enjoyed our day at Camp., 2) I had a great meeting this morning with Dr. Pearse Lyons of Alltech, the Nicholasville biotechnology company, and we discussed some waaaaay out of the box opportunities that could help in internationalizing UK Basketball. What a forward-thinker Dr. Lyons - I love this Irishman! This picture is of Dr. Lyons and The Greatest from an event earlier this year. Two of the greatest, as far as I'm concerned., Two more things and then I've got to get on this plane back to Lex. 1) So excited to have my high school coach Bill Sacco and his lovely wife, Lana, in town for a few days. We're going to have a nice dinner tonight and share some old stories and tell some old lies!!!, Turns out Ben was quite a high school hoopster. He played point guard from sophomore year on at Findlay (OH) High School and broke the school's scoring record with 1,095 points. You know how I love point guards!!! This picture is of me and Steelers' wide receiver coach Randy Fichtner, who was at Memphis when I was there., We were able to get some time with Coach Tomlin and also with a few players (pictures coming later tonight at the website). Big Ben remembered Tom Wynne from when we saw him at the Penguins game and he made it a point to tell us how much he loves college basketball. He said he's definitely coming to Rupp this year. I told him he can sit on the bench when he does!!!, Wow, I didn't realize how deep the football passions run in Big Blue Nation!!! Let's remember everyone, I went to Bengals camp earlier this summer and spent time with Marvin Lewis and Ray Oliver. I like the Bengals, always have. But I LOVE the Steelers!, Having a great day at Steelers camp. I love being around champions and watching how they prepare to defend their title. They all seem to realize that last year's trophy means very little for this year's team. Everyone is 0-0 right now. In this picture, I'm with Chip, Kenny, Tom and Charlie and if you look real close behind us, that's Chuck Noll. He was an unbelievable coach., You can't imagine how clean and comfortable the stud barn is! The ultimate "bachelor pad" - with flat screen TVs and the whole deal. And get this - Tiznow was showing off a new pedicure (or is it an equicure?). I can't thank everyone at Winstar enough. To be up close with champion horses is something to behold.
Now I'm preparing to go see more champions - MY STEELERS!!!, Ellen and I (as well as Mitch and Connie and several great folks) were guests at Winstar Farm on Wed. nite. This is the two of us with Tiznow, the only horse to win back to back Breeders Cups Classics. Tiznow's trainer and Winstar V.P. & Racing Manager Elliot Walden toured us around the stud barn., One more thing: A huge thanks to Mr. and Mrs. Rice for their significant contribution to help renovate our weight room. It will now be the best of the best because of their generosity. It's amazing what happens when we all work together to reach our goals, I hope we can inspire people to become involved with the youth in this community, to help them be winners both on the court and off!  I want all the kids to know, "You matter to us, and we care about you." These are the kind of events that bring all of us, I got a nice note from Lenzi G. Dodgen at BBBS of the Bluegrass. In it, Lenzi  said, "(You) truly made our kids feel really good about themselves, and that is what this program is all about! We all work very hard to make sure the youth in this community f, A picture from the phenomenal Big Brothers, Big Sisters event I was lucky enough to be able to attend on Tuesday., Had a great dinner with Josephine Abercrombie at Pin Oak Stud with her friends last night. It was off the chain! (That's for my daughter Megan who loves it when I use that term!) We had a great time and I can't thank Josephine enough for her hospitality and friendship., Good morning Big Blue Nation! Let's make it a great day. Be sure 2 check out CoachCal.com for another in our series of Q&As w/ returning Wildcats. Today's guest: Golden guy Darius Miller. In honor of Darius, let's get some commenting going on what you wou, What a great meeting at the Texas Roadhouse corporate HQs this morning. GJ Hart & his team are extremely impressive. They are a passionate group that has fun and looks after its people. That's how you run a successful business, team and life! I did think , Morning everyone! I've got a speaking engagement with 200 folks at the Texas Roadhouse corporate office in Louisville this a.m. This afternoon I'm excited to be able to share some time at the Big Brothers Big Sisters of the Bluegrass luncheon. Busy day, but time flies when I'm amongst Big Blue Nation. Enjoy the day and make the most of it., For those of you getting ready for a late dinner, it's a perfect time to take advantage of Papa John's "3-Pointer" promotion that will help benefit the Calipari Family Foundation for Children. Order on-line at papajohns.com and use Promo Code: CHCAL for t, I had a wonderful visit with Wendell and Vickie Bell this morning. Two very patient K Fund supporters that have been great for UK., By the way, the People's Choice of favorite pizza today was: Cheese, Pepperoni and Sausage. Not sure if we came up for a name on that one. Maybe we'll just call it "Gone" - because there's not a crumb left!, We ordered our pizza on-line at papajohns.com using promo code CHCAL and in no time we were enjoying today's UK 3-Pointer Pizzas of the Day. Amazing what the aroma of Papa John's will do for a workplace - we had the women's hoops staff, KFund staffers and the compliance office all come by for a slice or two. I love having everyone get together and help in supporting the Foundation. We are Big Blue Nation!, Twitter followers: Don't forget to order 2 women's hoops tickets by Fri to enter the drawing for 2 tickets behind my bench vs Florida http://bit.ly/54tBF
You can also call the UK Ticket Office at 1-800-928-2287 (from 9am-4pm). Make sure you give your Twitter username. Drawing is Friday!!, A lot of people had similar suggestions, so we thank you all for your creativity and imagination. Keep the ideas coming all week. Today we will order: The Rupperoni - In honor of Mr. Rupp and the arena that bears his name: Extra Cheese, Extra Pepperoni Th, Wow! You guys take your pizza as seriously as I do! I love that! We sorted through all the great suggestions and a blue ribbon panel of my hungriest staffers has chosen the following two pizzas as our first day's Papa John's on-line order, using promo cod, If your "3-Pointer" you create has a special UK-related name, please include that as well! Great suggestions already - I'm getting hungry just reading these. . ., During any given week, I'm guessing we all either eat pizza or order it 4 our family. I know I do!! Why not enjoy the best pizza in the nation AND help our Foundation at the same time? I'll be ordering pizzas for the Athletic Department all week long & I', I'm thrilled 2 be partnering with Papa John's in offering "The Coach Cal 3-Pointer" - a large, up to 3-topping pizza for just $10. http://bit.ly/1bhrYU. A dollar from each ON-LINE order (using promo code: CHCAL) will be donated to the Calipari Family Foundation for Children & benefit the Kentucky Children's Hospital. You must order on-line at PapaJohns.com AND use the code CHCAL ('CH' stands for Children's Hospital)., CoachCal.com has details of a special partnership with Papa John's that starts today. All the info is in my blog., If you find time today, go to CoachCal.com and check out some great pictures taken when a few of our freshman visited Kentucky Children's Hospital last week. It's posted in my blog. Be well., Just checking in and wishing everyone a very happy Sunday. Hopefully you can relax and spend it with friends and family. Enjoy., Had a great, great day at the beach. Hope you're all enjoying the weekend as well. Check out the poll if you haven't already (prior post). "Which team would you like UK to start a series with next?" Good discussion going on with it. Keep it up!, I want to know which team you think we should start a series with next season. Vote here: http://twtpoll.com/u8vawc  We'll post the results on www.coachcal.com on Monday., Just a couple of more pictures from NYC - That's Little Italy below and this is Howard "Garf" Garfinkle who turns 80 years young tomorrow. Both the place (Little Italy) and the man (Garf) are Manhattan institutions! Have a great weekend everyone., null, I'm also spending some quality time with Dick "Hoops" Weiss. We wrote my first book, "Refuse to Lose," together. Hoops is the dean of college basketball writers and his NY Daily News column is must-reading. He's a Hall of Famer too. And while Hoops is abs, Whenever I'm in New York City I try and get some time with my good friend and basketball guru, Howard "Garf" Garfinkle, the hoops legend who gave so many of us our starts in coaching (and playing) at the Five-Star camps. (In fact, look at the two UK coach, A weekend message regarding the walk-ons is now posted in my blog at coachcal.com., That was fun. You guys never cease to amaze me. We'll try and do more contests like that down the road. Instead of Where's Waldo we can have Where's Cal(do)! What do you think?, I'm starting to feel like a dee-jay at a radio station. "Be the first caller with teh correct answer. . .", Krystle does it! Clutch player if I've ever seen one. Krystle, we will be contacting you with a message to your Facebook inbox. Thanks for playing everyone! Great fun., Ding, Ding, Ding - we have a winner. Just need Krystle Johnson to identify the building I photographed and she'll be getting a signed t-shirt. Krystle - floor is yours. . ., Oh, and you need to name the building I photographed too!, Let me know when you need hints., Just had a slice of pizza - my New York tradition - the first person to accurately decipher where I took this photo from and in front of what store I am standing will get an autographed t-shirt. I need the street and cross-street where I was standing when I took it and the store's name I'm in front of., I'd still encourage everyone to sign up for a Freemium membership so you will be able to enjoy future Freemium content AND be eligible for one of Coach Cal’s home game tickets., I'm in NYC for the last day of the July evaluation period. I meant to get a picture of the Statue of Liberty for you guys on our way in, but I was too slow on the trigger! We've opened the Patrick Patterson Q&A up to everyone at CoachCal.com - apologies t, Wanted to let everyone know that The UK Compliance Dept. has joined Twitter http://bit.ly/19bNEo & Facebook http://bit.ly/17d1xV. Sign up to keep up-to-date on NCAA rules!, Go to CoachCal.com for the Patrick Patterson Q&A in my blog. 
(You will need to be at least a Freemium member to have access. Sign up is quick and easy, just click below.) If reading that doesn't get you pumped for the season, we may need to check your Big Blue Nation citizen card!, I hope you will all check coachcal.com in the morning for our special Q&A w/ Patrick Patterson. He's really been getting after it in SF., Can't thank all of you enough for your kind words for Kate and Tim. I know they will gain strength from your support. A quick reminder to be sure and check out CoachCal.com in the morning for a Q&A with Patrick Patterson who, along with Daniel Orton, are , Need to get serious for a moment here: I'm hoping we can all send our prayers & good thoughts the way of Kate Roach, wife of CoachCal.com's graphics & design maven, Tim Roach. Kate is bravely battling breast cancer & we can't wait until we get to share he, null, Well, we sure did get some varied responses on the goal for Facebook! I think I saw everything from 50,000 to one billion.  For now, let's just get as many people as we can and engage them with this Facebook page and at the same time let's keep steering o, Last night we topped 500,000 followers on Twitter. Wow! New goal... One million by the start of season. Kentucky is the best of the best. Thank you all! Now, what should we set our Facebook Fan goal at? We're at 32,000 after a week. You make the call. . ., Erin says she's just reading that book to pass time until my book, "Bounce Back" comes out on September 1!!! Slightly lighter reading. . . She's entering a five-year graduate program at Wake Forest for Pharmacology and she tells me she can't wait until I , Let me finish up the Facebook day with an answer to the question some of you eagle eyes were asking yesterday: The book seen on the towel in the picture with My Three Lovely Ladies was "The Coming Plague: Newly Emerging Diseases in a World Out of Balance., The Big Blue Nation is strong. First u crash my website & now u flood the UK Ticket Office server. U can also call 1-800-928-2287 (9am-4pm). If you had trouble adding your username to the ticket office website earlier there is now a link to provide it. ht, Buy 2 UK Hoops WOMEN'S season tix & provide your Twitter username (you need to be one of my followers!) to enter a drawing for 2 tickets behind my bench vs Florida. http://bit.ly/54tBF. Very affordable and a great take to share families, friends, co-worke, Just kidding about Brad's water habits. We have him convinced the water turns blue if he goes in the ocean and it makes it a dead giveaway! Don't want to embarrass him any more than I already do!, null, Brad continues his life as a dolphin! He only leaves the water to eat. . . You know what that means!!! LOL. He's enjoying time with the Long brothers.  The Longs are our family friends from way back. One son, Travis, played for me at Memphis. We all becam, Need your help on another project: Let's do our part to help UK Women's Hoops get to 5K season ticket sales. Buy a pair for yourself or for friends and family. Ellen and I will buy 10 season tickets for UK women's basketball to assist Matthew and Jenna in, Attention all you Big Blue Nation North Carolina residents: I need you all to get behind this cause being mounted at: www.ukplate.net. It would be nice to see our UK logo on those NC license plates, wouldn't it? Maybe next we can petition to have the UK stamped on every license plate in America! The Nation is everywhere, after all., I do want to urge you again to visit CoachCal.com and read the inspirational story of Cody McClellan: http://bit.ly/nUy1G, Enjoying a couple of days on the beach with my family before I get back at it in full on Thursday and Friday. Bradley is like a dolphin - he won't come out of the water. I'm relaxing and enjoying the waves and thinking about all that we've done so far and, I hope you'll take some time today and check out CoachCal.com and the special story we have of a brave young man: http://bit.ly/nUy1G, I know I'll regret this, but IF I were to go see a movie with the family while we're in New Jersey (and I don't get to a lot of movies, folks), what would be the one MUST-see flick of the summer you would recommend? Submit answers below. And keep it clean, We'll leave the message boarding to the people who have been doing it the longest and with the most success. Sorry for any confusion., There seems to have been a bit of confusion over my comment about a "Big Blue Online Community" form this morning. I was referring to an on-line, virtual home for Big Blue Nation. It will not involve a message board as some may have been led to believe. As long as things stay civil and cordial here, Facebook is our message board! There will be interactivity at www.coachcal.com in the form of polls and chats., Had a lot of fun talking to the campers last night and signing autographs and taking pictures. I was glad to be able to have lunch with the campers today. I'm usually around to be able to close out camp, but I have to be on the road this year, so I got my, I'm meeting my family in New Jersey, where I will base out of through the end of the recruiting period. Orlando and Rod are still on the road and at the end of the week I can bounce between Philadelphia, New York and New Jersey., Had a great visit with our campers this morning and was able to have lunch with them as well. Believe me folks, your kids are having fun if they're here - not mention the learning that's going on. And if they're not? There's always next summer!, Hope everyone had a great weekend and your Monday is off to a good start. Please take a minute and check out www.CoachCal.com if you haven't already. The initial response has been overwhelming and humbling. We're going to build a Big Blue Online Community at the site and we want everyone to take part., Andy just reminded me that the show is FOUR hours long. Might eat up some DVR space but it should be a great show. Send hot tea and lemon for Andy!, Just got word from our good friends at ESPN that the interview I'll be doing with Andy Katz alongside Bruiser and Derek will air during ESPNU's broadcast of the today's "2009 AAU Supershowcase presented by Champion." It starts at 5 p.m. ET. It's a 3 hour , Hope everyone is having a great weekend. I bumped into Jamie Dixon (Pittsburgh) this a.m. when I was on the treadmill. He couldn't say enough good things about his experience coaching Darius with the Team USA U19 gold medal winners. I can't wait to coach , I'll be doing an interview with ESPN's Andy Katz alongside my good friends and former assistants, Bruiser Flint (Drexel) and Derek Kellogg (UMass). Derek also played for me at UMass. It's special for me when I'm able to do things together with men I've kn, Hope everyone's weekend is going well. I worked out on the treadmill this morning and bumped into Pitt coach Jamie Dixon. He coached the U19 gold medal winners that Darius was a part of. He couldn't say enough good things about him. I can't wait to coach , I've run out of ways to say "You guys blow my mind." We've got over 14,000 fans on this page according to the Facedbook counter. I've searched around a few other coaches Facebook pages in both college hoops and football and I haven't come across any that , A lot of you have been asking how Antonio Burks is doing. Encouraging news today as Antonio is awake. I think he heard me during my visit the other night because he told people today he couldn't wait to get to Lex! Antonio is still very sick so continue t, Posted Riley Crean photo in Album down below. May need to get Brad to send in a return "shirt-pop" photo in some UK gear!! Don't worry - it's not all fun and games here. Watching a lot of ball and evaluating the talent., null, Now Riley is calling for a 3-point shooting contest with Brad. He has no shot! I'm with Brad all they way on that. We'll have to have the Creans over for the showdown!!!, You guys are hysterical. You all want shooters, eh? I've been evaluating Riley's game in between action on the courts and I do have to say Brad (J.J.) Calipari has the edge in shooting. Riley's missed the can every time shooting his water bottle! He can h, The longer Tom is away getting food and drinks for us, the better my chances are of converting Riley into a member of BBN!!! It's really great to watch my coaching friends' children grow up and become young adults. A coach's family makes many sacrifices b, Happy Saturday everyone. I'm with 10-year-old Riley Crean (Indiana Coach Tom Crean's son) eating pretzels, watching games and shooting plastic bottles into barrels. Don't tell my son Brad this, but I have to say Riley is a much better evaluator of talent , New photos to check out in the photo album. . . Enjoy., Looks like my Facebook administrator goofed! (That's what happens when you put the dog in charge of monitoring comments!) Jordan Dale was the first to reply. Both he and Eric will receive a token of my dog's appreciation. Sorry about that Jordan!, You guys are nuts! In 30 minutes we had 74 guesses. But boy do I have a great list of names if we ever get another mean and nimble one!!! The first to answer correctly was Eric Brooks, who gets extra credit for suggesting a place to take him to stretch hi, He's home now, helping his mother unpack and get organized, I'm sure! By the way, I saw where some of you guys were trying to guess my mean and nimble dog's name? Submit your guess in comments and if anyone gets it (no cheating!), I'll send out a token of, One last thing - I think you all know my feelings on summer recruiting by this point. I wish they'd eliminate it all together. But I am encouraged by one thing: Coaches are bringing along their children during this time to allow for more "family time" in , We're still working through some issues at CoachCal.com, mostly with password generation and everyone is hard at work fixing the issues. Please stay patient and thank you for your understanding., I actually had a change of plans and re-routed from LA at the last minute. I had actually given my (now-removed) first update of the day before I made the decision to get to Orlando today. I'll be here through Sunday., We're having some minor technical issues with CoachCal.com. I'm told that because of the high volume of traffic on the site, it is bogging our system down. Please allow some time for our system to catch up. In the meantime, lets get our fan numbers up on , The leader of Team Digome (our web developer and gurus), Roe Frazer, just sent me this note: "We're being hosted on the Amazon cloud. . . It's never supposed to crash or slow down but the UK faithful did it!" Again, simply amazing. Thank you, thank you., Oh, and I also need to thank everybody for their patience and understanding as we navigate through some bumps on the website. The only way to know how functional everything is, is to put it out there and test it. Our issues have been minor for the most pa, You know, just when I think I have a handle on how rabid all you guys are, we get a day like today. We've had nearly 30,000 hits at coachcal.com in less than two hours. You guys are too much and I can't thank you enough for being part of our Wildcat famil, null, null, null, Welcome to the Official John Calipari Facebook Page, Getting ready for the launch of CoachCal.com. I can only imagine how overworked the poor server will be! Exciting day and I want to thank all the people at Digome in Nashville who have been working tirelessly to make the website something special. Go Big , It's so great to have Bradley with me in Las Vegas. Sometimes I look at him and I wonder what happened to my little boy - he's become a young man overnight it seems., Bounce Back releases on September 1, 2009, null, I have a weakness for pizza! These were slices I had in Tempe, AZ at a place called "Slices." It's the very same recipe as the one used by one of my all-time favorite spots - Antonio's in Amherst.
Yeah, I'm hungry now too!, It's always great when I'm able to catch up with LeBron James. This was a few days before he visited our campus in the summer of 2009)