List(null, null, null, null, Shawarma, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Kebh fresh, احذرو تقليد مشاوي كريل بوسطن يرحب بكم, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Mashawi!!, Shawarma beef, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Come and try our new dish Kibse Lamb, Come in and try our new electronic hookah .
Smooth &clean NO Tobacco NO charcoal NO mess .
15 different flavors ., http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdwg4TjLkkY&sns=em, null, Tabouleh 
With fresh lemon juice ....
Mmmm......, Best seller 
Beef shawerma, Your plate is ready 
Enjoy ......, A lot of chicken shawerma wraps, Our home made Kebbeh Bola, Best seller for this week 
Beef Shawerma, Kafta Kabob, Falafel "best seller", Tabouleh getting ready to serve, null, null, null, null, Mashawi is what they call all the B.B.Qs  and the charbroiled meat in most of the Mediterranean countries . 
So If you are looking for a more casual, fast service eatery, which still offers high quality Mediterranean cuisine, look no further than Mashawi Grill Located on Sutherland Road and Commonwealth Ave in Brighton Ma, in the middle between Boston College and Boston University. One will find a wide array of food offerings at this restaurant and a good service as well. Chicken sharwarmas are always a hit as are the fattoush and Kafta sandwiches. Eat inside, take out, or call for a delivery …the choice is yours at Mashawi Grill.
Everything is served with the best elements of regional Mediterranean food in a truly modern setting.
We assure that our food products are of the finest quality and prepared with sensitivity and care.
We will go all the way to satisfy our guests.
Welcome to Mashawi Grill, null, null)