List(Taco pop up is going on with TexMex Eats until 8pm!, Starting tomorrow, Tex Mex Eats will be popping up at 7ate9 Bakery from 5-8pm every Friday. Get your taco fix on the #HighlandHotBlock. This week its smoked pulled pork tacos, spiced grilled veggie tacos, and stuffed baked potatoes., This is Sarah's friend Roeun, who dabbles in competitive eating for fun. He's testing out how fast he can eat one of our 9" cheesecakes. Anyone want to join him for a cheesecake eating competition on National Cheesecake Day, July 30th??, Tex Mex Eats pops up with us again this Friday from 5pm-8pm!, We're open until 4pm today. Come on by!, Congrats to DoneGood on being voted the winner of Boston.com's Fan Pick for Best Innovative Upgrade for the Earth! We love watching the growth of this app. Use them to easily search for businesses that are doing good for the environment and for people. http://donegood.co/, We're still taking Easter orders for this weekend. Order online or give us a call. www.7ate9bakery.com, Back in November we found this crow on the sidewalk outside our shop and brought him inside. Turns out his name is Krakan and his owner, Hilma, came in today and was quite thrilled (and shocked) to find him! #reunitedanditfeelssogood, Hey Arlington, we're coming to you! Stop by Arlington Centered this Saturday from 2:30-4pm for cheesecake and chocolate. We'll be sampling and selling so you can get a taste before Easter., Happy St Patrick's Day! We've got Mini Cheesecake platters ready for you to celebrate with., Pretty excited that our Pi Cheesecake got a mention on WGBH's Craving Boston. Our best one had 199 digits to the right of the decimal point!, Pi Day is this coming Monday, 3/14. Celebrate with our Pi Cheesecake. We're delivering on Monday to Boston, Cambridge & Somerville, or pick up in store that weekend. www.7ate9bakery.com #piisnotpie, null, We're gearing up for Tex Mex Eats today who is taking over our kitchen for a grab & go dinner pop-up. Stop by from 4-8pm today for pulled pork sliders, vegetarian tacos, and stuffed baked potatoes!, Let's be real. Pi is not pie. This Pi Day, 3/14, honor pi's transcendental beauty in all its irrational splendor. We're fitting as many digits as we can onto your cheesecake and delivering to downtown Boston, Cambridge, and Somerville. Order yours today. www.7ate9bakery.com #piisnotpie, The menu is up for our Tex Mex Eats Pop-Up this Friday! Pulled pork brisket sliders, Texas sized stuffed baked potatoes, veggie tacos... we can't wait for this Friday! Click on the invite button to let your friends know., Immensely honored to be named by the Food Network as one of 11 places across the country to get cheesecake!, null, We legitimately have the greatest bank ever. This is just the start of why. Big thanks to Community Credit Union in Davis Square for the flowers!, Looking for part time work? We have an opening for a Part-Time Baker/Cake Decorator., Still looking for a Valentine's Day gift? We're offering cheesecake delivery tomorrow through Sunday. You can also add an e. scott originals sterling silver heart necklace to any delivery. www.7ate9bakery.com, We're growing and looking for more help in the kitchen. We're searching for a PT Baker/Cake Decorator. Check out the position description and requirements on our website: www.7ate9bakery.com/jobs, This Valentine's Day, you can support two #HighlandHotBlock small businesses in one delivery. We've teamed up with e. scott originals so you can pair a handmade sterling silver heart necklace to any cheesecake delivery. #shoplocal www.7ate9bakery.com, You know... It's just not fair that it's always the women who get gifts delivered for Valentine's Day. Sure, there's flowers... but we can deliver him cheesecake. #flowersarecliche, Big congratulations to James and Sam from Better Bagels for their article in The Boston Globe. Get these New York style bagels every day right in our shop., Valentine's Day is around the corner and let's face it... #FlowersAreCliche. Do love right... send cheesecake. We deliver February 12-14., Big thank you to all our new Phans who came to visit after seeing us on the Phantom Gourmet this morning! For the first time since opening our store, we are cleaned out of cheesecake!, Come grab some chilaquiles and breakfast tacos from TexMex Eats. Made with Mexican chorizo from our neighbor MF Dulock., Amanda from Tex Mex Eats is prepping the chilaquiles! Come on over from 10-2pm to grab them and some breakfast tacos., You guys gave Better Bagels an enormously warm welcome today! We'll have more in tomorrow morning when we open at 9am sharp. No bagels during our Pop-Up tomorrow with Tex Mex Eats from 10am-2pm but there will be breakfast tacos and chilaquiles!, We've added a menu to the event details for this Sunday's Tex Mex Eats Pop-Up. Breakfast Tacos and Chilaquiles will all be gluten free., null, Excited to announce our newest partnership with Better Bagels. Starting this Saturday you'll be able to get bagel breakfast, bagel sandwiches, and bagel love at our shop! We'll be making homemade spreads and lunch options to go with them., It was a sellout the last time Tex Mex Eats did a pop-up at our space, so we're having them back this Sunday for more breakfast tacos and chilaquiles!, Can't make it into Somerville? There are other places you can pick up a 7ate9 Bakery cheesecake!, For those of you who may have missed it, our Phantom Gourmet episode will showing again on WBZ-TV (Channel 4) this Saturday night after the 11PM news. Should be about 11:35pm., Winter is coming... Which means we're closed on Mondays until the spring, or Jon Snow, comes back for us., Big thanks to Phantom Gourmet for featuring our cheesecake this weekend and to all our new Phans who stopped by!, null, Don't forget to tune in or set your DVR to my38 tomorrow morning to see us on Phantom Gourmet!, We're open tomorrow! Give us a call to reserve your New Years Eve holiday platters., Excited to announce that we'll be featured on Phantom Gourmet this Saturday, January 2nd. Tune your TVs and DVRs to the right station!, We're open 7am-4pm on Thursday, 12/24. Stop by for your last minute treats and locally made gifts., The spirit of the holidays is getting to us. We're running our cookie sale again today!, Buy any cookie today and get another chocolate chip cookie free! This is your chance to try our new double chocolate walnut cookies or our spicy guajillo chocolate chip cookie. All made with local Taza Chocolate., Melissa is setting up her Hacker Creations 2 artwork in our shop. Based out of Artisan's Asylum, she'll be selling her work in our bakery this week. Stop by to take a look and do some last minute shopping., Stop by the store to put together your own local foods gift basket. We have coffee from Dean's Beans Organic Coffee Company, roasted nuts from Somerville's own Q's Nuts, Vermont maple syrup from Ackermann Maple Farm, Mexican chocolate from Taza Chocolate, goat's milk caramel from Fat Toad Farm and jams and preserves from Doves and Figs. You can even thrown in some local dog treats from Sit Stay Beg Cookie Company!, Peppermint Cheesecake is here! Place your holiday order on our website for pickup in store. www.7ate9bakery.com/shop-online, Come on by the Brooklyn Boulders Somerville Solstice Gift Market tonight for all your local holiday goods & gifts., For all our Winchester fans, we'll be at Pairings - Exploring Wine and Food today from 4-7pm sampling our cakes. Pairings is now carrying our cheesecakes in their freezer section., We've got some tasty chicken and veggie soup today. Come try some right meow!, Having a holiday party? We do catering of our cheesecakes, cold brew coffee, cookie platters, mulled apple cider, and quiche platters. We even offer delivery. Check out our menu:, This Friday we will be at The Urban Grape in Boston's South End. Come try our cheesecakes being paired alongside brews from Tröegs Independent Brewing and The Dalmore scotch., Another great event happening on the #HighlandHotBlock. The Work Shop Salon is having another Headshot Night with Mary Flatley Photography. The last one sold out fast so book soon!, We were honored to participate in a round table discussion with DoneGood and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy in honor of Small Business Saturday. #shoplocal #smallbizsat, Need something last minute for the holidays? We have cheesecakes and cookie platters for dessert. Quiche and cold brew coffee for your guests in the morning. Homemade cranberry sauce and mulled apple cider for your Thanksgiving table., We're getting down to the wire. There's still time to order your cakes, cookie platters and more for Thanksgiving. www.7ate9bakery.com/shop-online, Starting this weekend you'll be able to find us at Pemberton Farms in Cambridge. This is our first wholesaling account and we're thrilled to be doing it with a shop that has been serving the community for over 80 years. Please look for us in their freezer section and tell them you love us!, In addition to our cheesecake, you can now order cookie platters and growlers through our website to pick up in store. www.7ate9bakery.com/shop-online, We now offer cookie trays. 12 Chocolate Chip and 6 Chipless. Give us a call to reserve yours for the holidays., Looking for more than just pumpkin this Thanksgiving? We've got you. Reserve your holiday cake today: www.7ate9bakery.com/order-cheesecakes, You know Tex Mex Eats from the farmers markets and our pop-ups. Learn how Amanda does her magic and sign up for their first cooking class!, Stop by today between 10am and 2pm for tasty pulled pork and other savory dishes from our friends ChowdaHeads Food Truck, ChowdaHeads Food Truck is stepping out of their truck and into our kitchen this Sunday. How about clam & corn chowders, pulled pork or buffalo bacon mac n' cheese? They'll have grub for eating on the spot or for taking home for the game., Come on down this Sunday for our next pop-up. ChowdaHeads Food Truck is taking over our kitchen with Clam & Corn Chowdas, pulled pork, buffalo bacon mac n cheese and more! This Sunday from 10am-2pm, null, Let's face it, pumpkin pie is a bit overdone... Our Pumpkin Cheesecake is made from locally grown pumpkins at Dick's Market Farm in Lunenburg, MA. Reserve your Thanksgiving order today: www.7ate9bakery.com/order-cheesecakes, From Han Solo, that Boston sunfish guy and Kris Kross, Happy Halloween!, We have Halloween party platters for the weekend. Give us a call to reserve yours., We've scheduled our next pop-up event in the store. Mark your calendars for ChowdaHeads Food Truck joining us outside of their truck and inside our kitchen. Sunday, November 8th. More details to follow., We're in the Halloween spirit! Pumpkin Oreo cheesecakes in the store and at the Harvard Farmers Market today., null, It may not go with our decor, but we now have a puzzle table. Come help!, We've had such an overwhelmingly positive response for our first pop-up that we are working hard and reaching out to other local vendors to schedule some more for you. Stay tuned!, It was a sellout day with Tex Mex Eats at our first pop up! Thanks for everyone who came out for breakfast tacos. I guess we'll have to do it again with even more next time!, Stop by today between 10am and 2pm for our taco brunch pop-up with TexMex Eats!, Our first Pop-Up is tomorrow with Tex Mex Eats! Stop by our shop from 10am-2pm for breakfast tacos and more., Here goes nothing! We're presenting our first Pop-Up this Sunday with Tex Mex Eats. Stop by our bakery from 10am-2pm for breakfast tacos served on handmade, pillow soft, flour tortillas & scrambled eggs., Big congrats to our friends at Lilac Hedge Farm on being selected as semifinalists in the American Farm Bureau Federation's Rural Entrepreneurship Challenge. We love seeing young entrepreneurs working hard and making things happen!, Take 2: Phantom Gourmet came back today!, Have you grabbed your tickets to Harvest Fest yet? We'll be there slinging cheesecake (watch out) during the second session!, Our new Chipless Cookies are getting rave reviews! They are super soft and have a similar taste to a shortbread cookie without being overly buttery and with a hint of sweetness. They lend themselves particularly well to dunking., Pumpkin cheesecakes are here! Made with local pumpkins from Dick's Farm in Lunenburg and a gingersnap-pecan crust., We now offer catering for weddings, showers, corporate events and more. Download our catering menu from our website: www.7ate9bakery.com/catering, Being filmed for Phantom Gourmet is a pretty great birthday present for our owner, Sarah!, Langwater Farm killing the tomato game! Proud to be the neighbor of these prize-winning tomatoes (and farmers!) at the Harvard Farmers Market., Big congrats to our farmers-market-friends Tom & Ryan from Lilac Hedge Farm on their new farm land., Maggie and her ginger man want you to come work with us... www.7ate9bakery.com/jobs, We're hiring for a full-time barista. Only bad a$$ beverage slingers with lots of ambition need apply. Check out our position description:, Our Somerville storefront opening got a mention in the Boston Globe today in their Food & Dining section. Come on over "sensible gluttons!", We'll be opening at 10am tomorrow morning in preparation for SomerStreets. We're setting up outside tomorrow for the festivities. Come say hi!, We now are open Mondays from 7am-7pm meaning you can get your coffee and cheesecake fix 7 days a week., Chocolate chip cookies are coming out of the oven in 30 minutes. Get them while they're warm!, Come on down to Highland Ave this Sunday for the SomerStreets festival from 12-4. We'll be serving up drinks, sandwiches and treats from in front of our shop throughout the festivities., Our sandwich today: roasted chicken, goat cheese, sliced plums, arugula, rice, and blueberry walnut pesto., Savory breakfast quiches and fresh peach tea! Our sandwich today is "the Ratatouille", with roasted chicken, zucchini, summer squash, and grape tomatoes, plus fresh basil, kale, goat cheese and olive oil., Our sandwich today: curried, roasted sweet potato & carrots, garlic soy green beans, toasted walnuts on When Pigs Fly whole wheat., Nice shout outs today on the Phantom Gourmet instagram!, Some late night hashtagging between our owner and our baker on the harsh realities of having the wrong chocolate in the kitchen., We are now serving sandwiches. Today we have roasted chicken, arugula, maple balsamic with local peaches and goat cheese on a 6 grain and pumpkin seed bread., A bit overdue but wanted to say congratulations to Fat Toad Farm on having been a winner at this years Sofi Awards for their delectable goat's milk caramel. We are proud to sell their caramels in our store and use them as toppings on our cakes. Congrats!, We are open until 4pm today. Stop by for our savory quiche, and cheesecake along with your daily dose of coffee., Oh, you wanted savory? We have individual sized egg white quiche with sweet potato and peppers. And feel free to stop in on your morning commute because we're testing out Monday hours. We'll be open 7am-4pm tomorrow., Papi's Stuffed Sopapillas just pulled up. Come on by for lunch and, of course, dessert., What's the only thing better than 7ate9 Bakery cheesecake at our grand opening today? Accompanying our cheesecake with Papi's Stuffed Sopapillas, Doves and Figs jams and preserves, Q's Nuts, Fat Toad Farm goat's milk caramel, Taza Chocolate, Dean's Beans Organic Coffee Company, and Soluna Garden Farm iced teas and lemonade blends. We have all your local favorites here today., Thanks for the love from Scout Somerville!, Wondering about our #BeardvsCheesecake competition??, Congratulations to our neighbor, e. scott originals on being named #1 Jeweler in Somerville!, Pennypackers Food Truck is going to park outside and serve up lunch for our grand opening. Next Saturday is going to be quite a good day!, null, Our Jerked ganache is back at Boston Jerkfest!, Celebrate love!, Reserve the date! July 11th will be the official grand opening ceremony for 7ate9 Bakery from 9am-5pm! We'll have a line up of tasting events from our local food partners, a beard vs. cheesecake competition, a selfie station, raffles, and so much more! Mark your calendars and stay tuned for more details., Stop by the shop (199C Highland Ave in Somerville) to pick up a cheesecake topped with these gorgeous fresh strawberries picked yesterday at Lanni Orchards in Lunenburg, MA! We love offering fresh local produce!, Wondering which farmers markets we are at this summer? Check out our summer schedule!, Farmers market season is back! Say hello to Trevor, our new farmers market guy. He started today at Harvard University Farmers Market., Our new breakfast mini loafs are a hit. Orange-cranberry bread made with freshly squeezed oranges and crunchy pecans. More to come!, We have our first breakfast item! Orange Cranberry Pecan Bread. Stop by for your morning coffee and breakfast. More flavors of sweet breads are coming soon!, We have a bench! Come have a seat with us on the #highlandhotblock., Success! We've crafted a delightful new honey vanilla flavor syrup to compliment your latte. Stop by and give it a try!, Hey Somerville, show us some love! Please take a minute to nominate us for Best Sweet Tooth Satisfier in the Scout's Honored Awards. And while your voting, let them know how hot the #HighlandHotBlock is by nominating e. scott originals for est Jewelry Design, Work Shop Salon for best Hair Salon and M.F. Dulock, Pasture-Raised Meats for best Specialty Shop!, It's gonna be a sweet Memorial Day weekend at the bakery! We're right on the parade route and open for business! Come say hi! Open until 4pm., It's that time of year again! Guess what we're making..., We are open, stop by for your morning coffee., We are open until 4 today.  Stop by and try our homemade cookies, which will be coming out of the oven in 15 minutes., Our homemade cookies just came out of the oven!!!, We have cheesecake!! Our flavors (from left to right) are Classic, Classic with Ganache, Peanut Butter Cup, Nutella, and Peppermint! Our Ganache is homemade using Taza Chocolate and just hit the shelves today!
#7ate9bakery #cheesecake #highlandhotblock #TazaChocolate, We are open until 7pm today,stop by for some coffee and cheesecake. 
#7ate9bakery #highlandhotblock #cheesecake, Happy Mother's Day!! A batch of our homemade chocolate chip cookies will be hot and out of the oven at 10:30am. Stop by to try some, along with our cheesecake and coffee. 
We are open until 4pm today., Get ready for another batch of  chocolate chip cookies at 1:30, Like chocolate chip cookies? Our first batch will be ready I'm 12 minutes!, We're open early for you Somerville! 8:00am-5:00pm today. Stop by and pick up dessert for your Mother's Day dinner., We are open until 7pm today. Stop by for an afternoon coffee and cheesecake. Also don't forget to pre-order for Mother's Day, pick up is available in store at 199C Highland Ave in Somerville. You can order online at 7ate9bakery.com, We'll be open from 7:00am until 7:00pm tomorrow. Grab a coffee for your morning commute and don't forget to place orders for Mother's Day. www.7ate9bakery.com, Well be open at 7am tomorrow for your morning commute. We're slinging Deans Beans coffee and espresso drinks. And it'll be a hot one so we'll have cold brew iced coffee and Soluna Garden Farm iced teas and chai to start you off right. 199C Highland Ave in Somerville!, We are open until 7 today. Stop by for our delicious cheesecake and coffee, and don't forget to surprise mom by pre-ordering for Mother's Day!!!
We are open 8-5 on Saturday and 8-4 on Sunday., We're open in the new storefront until 7pm tonight. Come by to visit!, We're open and enjoying the beautiful weather! Stop on by and try our delicious cheesecake and our variety of coffee and tea at 199C Highland Ave in Somerville!, Coming to the close of our first day at the storefront and we still have a crowd. Thanks for the warm welcome Somerville!, Power is back! Stop by for coffee, espresso and mini cheesecakes! 199C Highland Ave in Somerville., Still no power but we're here slinging cold be coffee! Feel free to stop by and check out the new space., Sadly, no power this morning. Eversource had a scheduled outage until 8:30am. Once we get power we'll be up and running..., Here goes nothing... We're doing a very, very, soft opening tomorrow in honor of Somerville Open Studios! We'll be opening our doors with a limited menu at 10am. We'll be slinging coffee and espresso drinks for you to grab on the go, and we'll have a limited supply of Mini Cheesecakes. Come see the new place; but please be patient with us... we're new to this whole storefront thing! 199C Highland Ave., It's looking like a bakery in here!, We passed or final inspection! We'll take a few days to learn or equipment and calibrate our ovens then our doors will be open!, Our final inspection is set for next week. Lots of cleaning and organizing this weekend in preparation., Even the bard understood the passion of food. Happy birthday William Shakespeare., Our pre-op inspection with the health department (ie the last guys to give us the ok) is scheduled for next week. We're getting very close to opening!, Things are coming along. It's really looking like a bakery in here now., So many boxes. Getting organized quickly and hoping we can open in about two weeks!, We're on the search for another team member. If you have experience as a barista, consider our Head Barista position. Full time, build your own menu, create your own drinks, be awesome. www.7ate9bakery.com/jobs, Congratulations to our friends at Q's Nuts on being one of the premier vendors at the new #BostonPublicMarket opening this July!, We passed our plumbing inspection today. One step closer to opening!, An insulated box! Now we just need to get that compressor on top and we'll have a refrigerator. Do we know any weight lifters?, These pieces should become a refrigerator soon. YouTube made it look easy. Wish us luck..., Please welcome the newest addition to the 7ate9 family., Equipment delivery day. It's definitely looking like a bakery now!, Our (somewhat) empty kitchen is getting a cleaning so it can start filling up with equipment tomorrow., New checkout counter and coffee counter going in. The guys at Diak Corporation in Somerville do amazing work., Happy Pi Day!, Why yes... this is a jug of Nutella larger than the human head., A longtime friend of our owner just made a movie and we're more than excited about it. Take a look at the recently-released trailer for Queen of Glory that's getting so much attention., New cabinets arriving thanks to the hard work of the gentlemen at Diak in Somerville., Check out our custom made necklace we received as a welcome gift from our neighbor e. scott originals! This is just one example of the incredible jewelry pieces coming out of their shop. Check them out!, New walls, new paint, new floors. For more pictures of our progress on the storefront, check out our instagram feed @7ate9bakery., We have lights!, What happens when you send a nut roaster to do your dirty work... #fired, We're excited to participate in the 9th annual The Taste at the Griffin - A Benefit for the Griffin Museum of Photography. Grab your tickets online and enjoy a full lineup of local food and drinks., We had a great time at the New Center NOW's #BeyondBubbiesKitchen event last night. Our Shavuot Cheesecake honored both the agricultural and religious history of the holiday. We made a fruit puree inspired by the first fruits celebrated during the holiday and harvest, added a touch of honey to honor the religious significance, folded it into a whipped cream and topped it on our Classic Cheesecake., Hey Somervillians! If you're visiting the farmers market today, peek your head in and say hello. We're doing a lot of work today., We were challenged to put a new spin on traditional Jewish recipe for #BeyondBubbiesKitchen. We created a fruit puree inspired by the First Fruits celebrated during Shavuot and folded them into a wipped cream. Figs, dates, the juice of fresh pomegranates and freshly squeezed orange juice.  Here is our new Shavuot Cheesecake., Want to be our Head Barista? Looking for someone with experience to work full time in our new bakery. Create a drink menu from scratch, exercise your creativity by experimenting and inventing new drinks when the passion strikes. Plenty of room to grow with the company. Check out our position description., We are hiring. Check out our jobs page for details on two full-time positions available., We want to share an opportunity to support another woman/minority endeavor that's rather dear to us. A long-time supporter of 7ate9 Bakery and good friend of our owner, needs your help on her Kickstarter campaign to finish post-production on her movie, Queen of Glory and get it into film festivals. Please help by sharing this link and making any donation possible.
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/officialnanamensah/queen-of-glorys-post-production-campaign, Need last minute delivery? We'll make it look like you didn't. Give us a call at 781-218-9361 for all last minute orders., You know who is often woefully left out from delivery-love on Valentine's Day? Men. And most of them don't want flowers. Order online today for cheesecake delivery this Friday or Saturday. #flowersarecliche, Our Valentine's Day Cheesecakes have had a nice feature by Mass Realty. Place your order online for Friday or Saturday delivery. www.7ate9bakery.com, Equipment is starting to move in!, Happy to have construction moving again!, We are now offering delivery to most of greater Boston for Valentine's Day. For those of you who like to boast your love to the workplace, we offer delivery Friday 2/13 from 10am-4pm. And for those of you who want a little special something for the weekend, we delivery from 9am-10pm on Saturday 2/14! From Melrose to Arlington to Downtown Boston and in between. Order today at www.7ate9bakery.com #flowersarecliche, Hello to all of our Jewish friends! We've been invited  by New Center NOW to participate in the annual #BeyondBubbiesKitchen event that challenges local chefs to "provide their inspired take on traditional Jewish recipes." We know cheesecake is traditional to Shavuot but we're looking for some ideas to up the ante. Manischewitz Cheesecake? Charoset glaze? What are your ideas?, Valentine's Day is coming faster than you realize! We offer delivery for only $5. Order online today at www.7ate9bakery.com #flowersarecliche, What a great day! Eater Boston picked up the story about our coming to Somerville. Check it out., Digging this story from the Somerville Beat on our moving into the neighborhood!, There's still time to grab your Patriots Mini Cheesecake from the Melrose Winter Farmers Market. We'll have these good luck charms until 4pm today at Memorial Hall., That's right! Mini Patriots Cheesecakes for the Melrose/Wakefield Farmers Market tomorrow. We'll have them in Classic, Peanut Butter Cup and Chocolate., Stop by the farmers market for Melrose & Wakefield tomorrow to grab some mini cheesecakes. We're bringing back our very popular Peppermint Cheesecake., One of our favorite events of the year has a new Facebook page. Make sure to hit the like button and stay up to date., Flowers are cliche. We do Valentine's Day deliveries to Boston, Cambridge, Somerville, Medford and Winchester. Order onine at www.7ate9bakery.com, Loving our Ward 5 shout out!, We're taking last minute orders for pick up tomorrow in Winchester. Place your order ASAP by giving us a call 781-218-9361., Sawdust: where dreams begin. We're coming Somerville!, Today is your last chance to order you holiday cheesecake for pickup at Taza Chocolate in Somerville tomorrow., Don't wait until we sell out! Order your holiday cakes online to pick up in Winchester any day through Christmas eve, or pick up at Taza Chocolate in Somerville this Tuesday. www.7ate9bakery.com, We worked so hard to get that permit! Let's hope construction is the easy part now., It's been three months, but our building permit has finally been issued for our new Somerville storefront... Here comes construction., Our new Peppermint Cheesecake can be ordered in both a half dozen and full dozen. Pick up your holiday orders in Winchester or at Taza Chocolate this year. www.7ate9bakery.com, We're accepting holiday orders on our website. We have pick up locations in Winchester through Christmas Eve, Melrose Farmers Market on 12/21 and in Somerville at Taza Chocolate on Tuesday 12/23., Our new Peppermint Cheesecake is here! Our dark chocolate ganache made with Taza Chocolate perfectly balances the acuteness of the peppermint and the delicate crunch of crushed peppermint candy forms a delightful contrast with the creaminess of the filling. This one has been named a new chef's favorite! Order online or try them this weekend at the Taza Holiday Open House!, Guess what's getting all suited up...., Congrats to our friends at Taza Chocolate on their recent piece in Entrepreneur Magazine!, Free chocolate, free food, free liquor, free music at a free event. And we'll be there on Saturday serving up free cheesecake, including our new Peppermint Cheesecake! Stop by this Saturday at the Taza Chocolate factory in Somerville., Doing our weekend studying and kind of excited about it..., If you're looking to still get in an order for Thanksgiving, give us a call. We're still taking some last minute orders but some of our flavors have sold out! 781-218-9361, The first winter market for Melrose and Wakefield is tomorrow. Come grab your Thanksgiving Cheesecake or snack on a Mini Cheesecake as you walk around the market., Did you know you can order online and pick up your Thanksgiving cheesecake this Tuesday at the Harvard University Farmers Market? Order online at www.7ate9bakery.com, We're starting to get booked up with orders for Thanksgiving! There is still time for you though. Try our Mini Cheesecakes this holiday including our new toppings of Raspberry Dark Chocolate Ganache and our festive Gingerbread Ganache., Classic Cheesecake, Pumpkin Cheesecake, Classic with Raspberry Dark Chocolate Ganache, Pumpkin with Gingerbread Ganache. Try them all today at Taza Chocolate., Come on down to the Taza Chocolate factory store in Somerville today! We'll be sampling our Classic and Pumpkin Cheesecakes, along with some of our new ganache flavors. Try the coveted Raspberry Dark Chocolate Ganache and our seasonal Gingerbread Ganache!, Happy to say that we'll be back at the Union Square Farmers Market  this Saturday from 9am-1pm!, Pumpkin Cheesecake... putting pumpkin pie to shame each and every Thanksgiving. Reserve yours today., We'll be there!, We're bringing our Classic Mini Cheesecake with Raspberry Ganache back to the Harvard Farmers' Markets tomorrow! Made with Taza Chocolate, we promise they will sell out fast!, The soon-to-be 7ate9 Bakery., We'll be at the extended Harvard Farmers' Markets through Thanksgiving!, Want to make a big difference for a small business? We're looking to our fans for microloans to help us grow into our new storefront. We offer very generous returns at 8% and the loans are short-term (only two years). Read more about investing in 7ate9 Bakery., Come see us at the last Wakefield Farmers Market tomorrow from 9am-1pm! We'll have our Pumpkin Cheesecake made from Massachusetts locally grown pumpkins and baked on a gingersnap-pecan crust., It's Cheesecake Tuesday at Harvard University Farmers Market and we have our fall favorite, Pumpkin Cheesecake! Get them before they're gone!, We've posted another position; this one for a Head Barista. This one requires a little experience and a whole lot of chutzpah! Spread the word., We're hiring! Over the course of the next couple weeks we will be posting job descriptions to our website. The Baker/Cake Decorator position has been posted and more will follow. Help us spread the word and find amazing people the first 7ate9 Bakery team! , A big congrats to our friends at Far From The Tree Craft Hard Cider who will be featured in Northshore Magazine! , Know what's perfect for a rainy Saturday? We'll be at the Taza Chocolate factory store in Somerville today from 1pm-4pm offering samples of our cheesecake, our new raspberry dark chocolate ganache and our jerk ganache. Come grab yours while enjoying Far From The Tree Craft Hard Cider!, We're kicking off Taza Chocolate's Choctoberfest this Saturday at their factory store. Come visit between 1pm and 4pm to sample some of our cheesecake, our new Raspberry Dark Chocolate Ganache and more. The only thing better is that it will be paired with Far From The Tree Craft Hard Cider!, The new 7ate9 Bakery. Get ready., We have something new coming to the Harvard Farmers' Markets tomorrow... Classic Cheesecake topped with mint chocolate ganache made with Taza Chocolate!, Great article about Metro Pedal Power!, Behind the scenes, in the kitchen, at farmers markets, and on to our new storefront... follow the journey with us on instagram at @7ate9bakery., We're on instagram! Follow us at @7ate9bakery, Some late night ganaching going on..., To our Harvard University Farmers Market customers... we apologize in advance for the decisions you will have to make tomorrow., It's official... We're opening our storefront in Somerville this fall! Stay tuned for more details!, We're on some very big deadlines and are sad to report that this is causing us to miss the Sally Frank's Farmers' Market again today. We'll be there next week, we promise! And our deadlines should be amounting to some big news tomorrow... stay tuned!, We've had to miss some markets lately due to some big things in the works... stay tuned and send positive vibes our way! In the mean time, we'll see you all tomorrow at the Wakefield Farmers Market! A hot day is the perfect time for a frozen Cheesecake Popsicle!, As the summer winds down, here's a little history lesson on a favorite summer treat., Sadly, we've had to make some last minute schedule changes and won't be able to attend the Sally Frank's Farmers' Market today in Melrose. Happily, they are allowing us to make up the date next Thursday. See you then; we'll miss you all this week!, By popular demand, we brought our mini cheesecakes with Jerk Ganache to the Harvard Farmers Market today!, We made our first set of baby reveal cheesecakes. The parents and guests all got a mini cheesecake with red (raspberry) or blue (blueberry) cream inside revealing the gender of the baby! What's your guess?, Huge thanks to Gabe who wrapped up filming for our crowd funding video today!, Come visit at the Sally Frank's Farmers' Market tomorrow and try our new Taza Chocolate Cheesecake Popsicles!, We have our new Chocolate Cheesecake Popsicles at the Harvard University Farmers Market today!, Working on chocolate for Cheesecake Pops!, Congratulations to the winners of our National Cheesecake Day raffles! Our farmers market raffle winner is Judy DeMeritt, and our online photo raffle winner is twitter user @rlttravels! You each win a dozen Mini Cheesecakes!, Everything about this screams yes., null, Our online Photo Raffle is still going on! Tag us in a photo on any social media and you'll automatically be entered to win a dozen Mini Cheesecakes. You have until the end of the week!, It was a sellout day at the Melrose Farmers Market. The new Frozen Cheesecake Pops are a huge hit!, This guy is loving our new cheesecake popsicles at the Melrose Farmers Market!, Happy National Cheesecake Day everyone! It's our favorite holiday of the year so we're celebrating all week long. Come celebrate with us at a farmers market or join our online raffle by tagging us in a photo on social media. You might win a dozen Mini Cheesecakes!, Visit us tomorrow at the Harvard Farmers' Markets to celebrate National Cheesecake Day! We'll have games, trivia, and raffles for your chance to win free cheesecake! And you can finally get your hands on our new Frozen Cheesecake Pops!, All week long, anyone who tags 7ate9 Bakery in a post on social media is automatically entered to win a dozen Mini Cheesecakes in honor of National Cheesecake Day! Happy posting!, Our new Frozen Cheesecake Pops are a big hit at the Wakefield Farmers Market!, New toys are so fun. Be the first to get our new Frozen Cheesecake Pops at the Wakefield Farmers Market tomorrow!, You're going to love this!, National Cheesecake Day is this coming Wednesday, but, as our favorite holiday of the year, we feel the need to celebrate all week long! Come visit the Wakefield Farmers Market this Saturday as we kickoff of the celebrations. There will be trivia, games, and raffles to win free cheesecake! We'll also be debuting our all NEW Frozen Cheesecake Pops!, If you see a video camera following us around for the next week, say hello to Gabe, our very talented videographer who is putting together a video for our kickstarter campaign! And if he happens to be filming at the time... just act normal so we get good footage., We're back at the Harvard University Farmers Market today! And by very popular demand, we are bringing back our Jerk Cheesecake. Come by for a taste!, Something big is happening... stay tuned, Get ready! The biggest holiday of the year is less than 2 weeks away... National Cheesecake Day! Officially on July 30th, we celebrate all week long with raffles, games, and trivia and more for your chance to win free cheesecake! Be excited!, Our Jerk Ganache is a huge hit at the farmers markets! Today we have it at the Sally Frank Farmers Market in Melrose until 7pm. Come by and sample!, Ours a gorgeous morning to take a walk by the Wakefield Farmers Market!, This is how we bake when the world cup is on., We'll have our new Mild & Spicy Jerk Ganache topped cheesecakes at the Harvard Farmers' Markets tomorrow! Made with Taza Chocolate and our own blend of 9 different spices; we even add scotch bonnet peppers to the spicy ganache. Stop by for some samples and prepare to be wowed!, Heading to Boston Jerkfest Caribbean-style Foodie Festival Celebrating All  Foods Hot. Our car has never been so full!, Tomorrow is Boston Jerkfest Caribbean-style Foodie Festival Celebrating All  Foods Hot. Come join us at the Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology where we'll be debuting our new Jerk Ganache. This chocolate sauce will be topping our cheesecakes in both a mild and a spicy version made with fresh scotch bonnet peppers. Come get your jerk on!, Ok, be the first to find us the correct formula and you'll win a free 4" Classic or Lemon Cheesecake!, Ok math wizards, help us out here...we want to put a tube shaped object (think mini cheesecake) into a rectangular shaped bag. The bag is sealed closed at the end and sides (ie. not shopping bag shaped with the flat bottom and sides) with only two dimensions (L & W). What formula do we use to determine the size of the bag we need?, Three hours later we have a mild version of our new Jerk Ganache to top or cheesecake for Boston Jerkfest Caribbean-style Foodie Festival Celebrating All  Foods Hot... now come the scotch bonnet peppers., Lemon cheesecake coming out of the oven!, Just picked up some scotch bonnet peppers. We're making a Caribbean jerk ganache for Boston Jerkfest Caribbean-style Foodie Festival Celebrating All  Foods Hot, We brought the much-requested Nutella Mini Cheesecakes to the Harvard University Farmers Market today! Get them before they're gone!, We were welcomed back to the Harvard Farmers' Markets with a sellout yesterday! Tomorrow is our first day at the Sally Frank's Farmers' Market in Melrose. Let's hope it's as warm a welcome!, It's great to be back at the Harvard University Farmers Market! Look for the tent with us and Taza Chocolate!, Wright-Locke Farm is now offering CSAs! , It's a beautiful day for a farmer's market! We have a guest spot at the Union Square Farmers Market today. Stop by and grab a mini cheesecake!, It may not feel like it, but summer is here! Take a look at our farmers market schedule. Markets start up in June!, We're looking for a videographer to help us make a Kickstarter campaign! Please email us if you or someone you know might be interested: info@7ate9bakery.com, Come see us at Boston JerkFest on Saturday June 28th. We're working on our spiciest jerk flavored cheesecake recipes as we speak!, It's not too late to place your order for Mother's Day! Order on our website and pick up Saturday or Sunday in Winchester. , It's a big weekend for the arts! The Harvard Arts Festival in Harvard Square, the Flash Forward Photography Festival in Boston, and Somerville Open Studios are all happening this weekend. Get out there and support local artists!, Very scientific studies have shown that most wedding cake sucks. Solutions to this problem point to 7ate9 Bakery Mini Cheesecakes. Give us a call or email us to discuss how we can make your wedding guests actually want to eat the cake., We're still taking orders for Easter! Order online today for Saturday pickup., We had a blast this weekend photographing women for our 2015 Pin-Up Calendar being created by JP artist Shane Kier. Standing in front of a camera takes so much courage and all of the women were so much fun to work with! We'll have pics from the weekend soon!, Local JP artist Shane Kier will be photographing models for the 2015 Pin-Up (aka Cheesecake) Calendar he will be creating for us. We have full lineup of models this weekend and can't wait to meet them all in person!, So excited to announce that Boston Vintage Factory will be collaborating in our photo shoot this weekend to support the models for our pin-up calendar! They do everything vintage, from sewing classes to burlesque to makeup to pin-up photography. Check them out!, We've got our final acceptance list for the Pin-Up/Cheesecake Calendar that is being produced by local artist Shane Kier. We'll be sending out emails to everyone today. Can't say enough about how awed we are by all the women who sent in photographs to be models (90% of which have never modeled before)! Truly inspirational!, A big thank you to all the volunteers at the Women's Lunch Place in Boston! We're proud to have participated in their volunteer appreciation event for another year running. If you're looking for a way to give back, this is the place for you!, We had such an amazing and overwhelming response from women for our pin-up photo shoot! With artist Shane Kier, we will be narrowing down the field and getting back to everyone in the next day or so!, We're still looking for women who want to model for our pin-up (aka cheesecake) photo shoot! 21+ and all body types encouraged to apply. We're hoping for a lot more diversity so please help us spread the word. Ladies will pose in a photography studio in Waltham on April 5th or 6th. Email info@7ate9bakery.com with availability/questions!, Come support the Griffin Museum of Photography tonight at the Taste! Food, drink, music, and cheesecake!, We need models! We are looking for women of all ages (21+), body types and ethnicities to model for our 2015 Pin-Up (aka Cheesecake) Calendar. Models will pose in a photography studio in Waltham on April 5th or 6th. Email info@7ate9bakery.com with availability/questions!, It's our last market at the Mahoney's Garden Centers Winter Farmers Market in Winchester. Stop by from 10-3, We'll have our last batch of Peppermint Cheesecake at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market tomorrow, and Lemon is back by popular demand! We sold out last time, so get there early!, We're searching for some studio time we can use to shoot models for the upcoming 7ate9 Pin-Up (aka Cheesecake) calendar. If anyone has any leads, or is willing to donate some studio time, please let us know. We would love to have a collaboration with a local space in the community and are hoping someone in our network can help link us up!, A little snow doesn't stop Valentine's Day! We're here prepping Valentine's Day deliveries and still taking some last minute orders. Give us a call 781-218-9361 to schedule a delivery tomorrow., They say the way to a man's heart is through his stomach. We can help with that. We're still accepting orders for Valentine's Day deliveries., Here she is. Our new, limited edition, Peppermint Mini Cheesecakes available for Valentine's Day delivery. We're premiering them this Saturday, at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market and the Winchester Winter Farmers Market at Mahoney's Garden Centers. www.7ate9bakery.com/7ate9-mini-cheesecakes, Valentine's Day delivery alert! New, LIMITED EDITION, Peppermint Mini Cheesecakes! Pink peppermint cheesecake drizzled with Taza Chocolate dark chocolate ganache and sprinkled with red & white crushed peppermint candy. Dozen or half dozen. When they're gone, they're gone... so order quickly!, Had another great meeting with artist Shane Kier who is creating the 7ate9 Bakery Cheesecake (aka Pin-Up) Calendar. He's been working on general designs for each month. Next step is to start looking for models!, Flowers are so cliche. We're bringing back delivery for Valentine's Day. Place your order online today. www.7ate9bakery.com/7ate9-mini-cheesecakes, So excited to announce our new collaboration with local artist Shane Kier from JP. Shane will be making a 2015 7ate9 Bakery Cheesecake Calendar for us. For those of you who don't know, "cheesecake" is another term for Pin-Up Girl. His medium is watercolor and we'll be tracking his work throughout the year. The calendar will feature cheesecake girls of all ethnicities and body types, and of course, 7ate9 cheesecake. We'll be fronting the cost of producing the calendars and 100% of the profits will go to the artist. Please give Shane a warm welcome!, We're at the Winchester Farmers' Market today in Winchester. In a greenhouse, surrounded by plants, flowers, and flowing water fountains. This might be the most serene setting we've ever been to for a market! 10am-3pm Mahoney's Garden Centers, We're starting at the Winchester Winter Farmers Market this Saturday at Mahoney's Garden Centers! 10am-3pm every Saturday.  , Getting down to the wire. You can still get your orders in today for holiday cheesecakes. Pick up through Tuesday in Winchester or tomorrow in Somerville at Taza Chocolate., We are still accepting orders for holiday cheesecakes! Pick up in Winchester through 12/24 or pick up in Somerville at Taza Chocolate on 12/23!, Get your holiday orders in! Pick up in Winchester through 12/24. Pick up in Somerville at Taza Chocolate 12/23. www.7ate9bakery.com, New holiday pick up location: Pre-order your holiday cheesecake and pick it up at Taza Chocolate in Somerville on Monday 12/23, 11am-7pm! It's the perfect place for your last-minute stocking stuffers!, We're at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market today. And so by the Taza Chocolate factory store until 5pm where we are celebrating at their Holiday Fiesta!, We know what you're doing this Saturday... Joining us at the Taza Chocolate Holiday Fiesta! 11am-5pm sampling and shopping!, Gingerbread might be the next great food trend and we're helping to make it happen. Read about us in Sunday's The Boston Globe North section!, Can't wait for the Taza Chocolate Holiday Fiesta! Mark your calendars, December 14, Looks like our Gingerbread Ganache is a hit! It's getting another plug in this Sunday's Boston Globe North section. Keep an eye out!, We are still taking some last minute orders for Thanksgiving pick up on Wednesday. Head over to our website and get your order in early! www.7ate9bakery.com, We have our new Gingerbread Ganache Cheesecake at the Winchester Farmers Market today., A great mention for the Sally Frank's Farmers' Market Thanksgiving event. Come see us this Sunday at Memorial Hall in Melrose., In case you missed it, our new Gingerbread Ganache Cheesecake was featured in the Boston Globe North this past Sunday!, Our Pumpkin Cheesecake is made from MA locally grown pumpkins from Dick's Farm & Market Stand in Lunenburg. We puree them ourselves and bake the them on a gingersnap-pecan crust. Reserve yours today for Thanksgiving pickup. www.7ate9bakery.com, Let the sampling begin! Come on down to the Taza Chocolate factory store to sample a selection of our mini cheesecakes. And grab the first of our Gingerbread Ganache Cheesecakes!, We'll be sampling our Classic, Pumpkin, and Mocha cheesecakes at the Taza Chocolate factory store this Saturday from 12:00-3:00pm. And we'll be debuting our Classic Cheesecake topped with Gingerbread Ganache at the event. Be the first to get your hands on them!, 27 tastings, 6 batches, 5 hours, two Pandora stations and 1.5 pounds of chocolate later... Gingerbread ganache. We'll be debuting this gem at the Taza Chocolate factory store on Saturday!, Inventing something new tonight... at least we hope. Stay tuned., Need plans this weekend? We're doing a tasting at the Taza Chocolate Factory Store in Somerville. Stop by to sample a selection of our cheesecakes and grab a mini to take home!, We've been missing from Facebook! So sorry! Many of you may know from our markets that we have been overwhelmingly busy on the search for a storefront. We're currently negotiating on a spot in Somerville. That's the only info we can give right now, and things are still a long way out. But wish us luck. And we'll be better about keeping you informed!, Please join us at the Melrose Thanksgiving Festival the Sunday before Thanksgiving! Pre-order your holiday cakes at www.7ate9bakery.com., Fingers crossed that we get our first batch of pumpkins in this week for Pumpkin Cheesecake!, Big news for 7ate9 Bakery. To focus on new growth that will put us in more towns and communities, we have had to discontinue our delivery service. Over the coming months, we plan to rev up our farmers market program, do more events in more neighborhoods, and even add some pop-up shops. We hope that our delivery customers will continue to support us in this growing cheesecake adventure. Please read more about our decision here: http://7ate9bakery.com/delivery, We found our spot. Setting up at the Local is for Lovers Marketplace event at the Somerville Armory. Stop by for local crafts, jewelry, art and cheesecake! 11am - 5pm, Best farmers market weather of the year! Come visit us at the Winchester Farmers Market and grab a Nutella Mini Cheesecake before they sell out!, Come grab a mini cheesecake from us today at the Melrose Farmers Market! Open until 7pm., They're here! Our Nutella Mini Cheesecake are at the Wakefield Farmers Market! We sell out of them every time, so get here quickly! , Experimenting with peaches. Fingers crossed., Our National Cheesecake Day celebrations going on all week! Looking forward to celebrating at the Medford Farmer's Market today with cheesecake trivia, games and your chance to win a free 9" cheesecake!, Looking to get your Taza Chocolate fix while reveling in National Cheesecake Day? We have Mini Mocha Cheesecakes at the Harvard Farmers' Markets made with Taza AND we share a market space at the market with your favorite chocolate samplers!, Happy National Cheesecake Day everyone! Celebrate with us at the Harvard Farmers' Markets today from 12-6pm or join in our online contest to win free cheesecake by tagging us in a post on Facebook or Twitter. Tag us with a photo and you get entered twice!, It's our favorite holiday, so we're celebrating National Cheesecake Day all week long! Celebrate with us this week at the Harvard Farmers' Markets, the Medford Farmer's Market, the Wakefield Farmers Market and the The Charles Hotel Farmers Market! We'll have games, trivia, and your chance to win free cheesecake!, We're off to a great start with our celebrations and a sellout at the Winchester Farmers Market! Tomorrow is National Cheesecake Day at the Harvard Farmers' Markets and we'll have games, cheesecake trivia, and your chance to win a free 9" Classic Cheesecake delivered right to you!, Our National Cheesecake Day online raffle is off to a great start! Tag 7ate9 Bakery in a post on facebook or twitter and you'll be entered to win a 9" Classic Cheesecake delivered to you for free. Tag us with a photo and you'll be entered twice! You've got a week to get in your entries!, Kicking off our National Cheesecake Day celebrations at the Winchester Farmers Market today! Join us until 1:30 on the town common for your chance to win free cheesecake. We've got our Nutella Mini Cheesecakes today!, Next Tuesday is our favorite day of the year, National Cheesecake Day! We'll be celebrating all week long with trivia, contests, and raffles to win free cheesecake! Stay tuned., Wet have Chocolate Cheesecake samples at the Harvard University Farmers Market. While supplies last... hurry!, Sadly the 7ate9 Bakery car got in a fight with a curb and lost. She's in the shop for the day which means we won't be able to make it to the Harvard Farmers' Markets today. Curse those curbs..., Raspberry season is here!, We are back at the Wakefield Farmers Market today! Stop by for you red, white and blue Mini Cheesecake!, Red, white and blue! Stop by the Harvard University Farmers Market today for your 4th of July Mini Cheesecake!, We're back in Somerville at the Davis Flea Market until 4pm today! Classic, Lemon, Mocha and Peanut Butter Cup Mini Cheesecakes., This dynamic trio picked and sold wild flowers at the Winchester Farmers Market today until they had enough for a Lemon Mini Cheesecake. Entrepreneurs in the making., We are back at the Winchester Farmers Market today rain or shine!, Come brave the heat and reward yourself with a cold, refreshing Lemon Mini Cheesecake at the Harvard Farmers Market until 6pm!, We're back!, Great spot to spend a Saturday. Today is opening day at the Wakefield Farmers Market!, At 7ate9 Bakery we work with local farms and food producers as much as possible. Strawberry season is upon us and we're topping our Mini Cheesecakes with strawberries from Ward's Berry Farm in Sharon, MA. Come grab yours at the Medford Farmer's Market tomorrow!, We'll have local strawberries from Ward Berry Farm topping our Classic Mini Cheesecakes at the Harvard Farmers Market tomorrow!, Great article in the Harvard Gazette about the Harvard Farmers' Markets. Stop by tomorrow from 12-6pm for your local goods., Very warm welcome at the Winchester Farmers Market... Sold out!, We'll be at the Winchester Farmers Market tomorrow with Mini Cheesecakes! Stop by and say hello!, Opening day at the Harvard Farmers' Markets tomorrow! It's our first market back in Cambridge and we can't wait!, Looking forward to opening day at the Medford Farmer's Market tomorrow. Get your first chance at Lemon Cheesecake this summer!, We're so excited to be featured in the latest edition of Edible Boston which came out today! Check us out on pages 15 & 16!, Lemon Cheesecake is back!, Officially the most windy market we have ever been to! Tents are flying!, The Davis Flea is bigger and better this year and we can't wait to be there! Come visit us at the first market of the season this Sunday from 10am-4pm!, Our Summer Farmers Market season starts this weekend! Check out the list of markets we are doing this year!, We're getting more calls then ever from couples wanting our cheesecake as their wedding cake! Our Mini Cheesecakes let you mix and match flavors for your guests!, Mother's Day is around the corner. We're delivering cheesecakes through Saturday, and they can be picked up on Sunday where we bake in Winchester. Place your order today!, Know a student finishing up the year or hosting a graduation party? Let us deliver your cake., Pretty sure our gps got this delivery address wrong., We have Classic, Chocolate and Peanut Butter Cup Mini Cheesecakes for the last Somerville Winter Market today! Stop until 2pm., Sad to say this is the last week of the Somerville Winter Farmers Market! Stop by the Arts at the Armory this Saturday from 9:30am-2:00pm!, Sample our Classic and Chocolate Cheesecake today at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market. We've got your Easter dessert!, Can't wait for The TASTE at the Griffin Museum tomorrow night in Winchester. Great benefit and unbelievable food... including us, of course. , Grab a St. Patrick's Day Mini Cheesecake tomorrow at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market. We'll have Classic and Taza Chocolate topped with green mint whipped cream. And an extra special Mocha Cheesecake with Baileys whipped cream. Get them before they're gone!, Congratulations to Chris Peterson on winning our Pi Cheesecake contest! Chris, message us for details on how to pick up your cake., Share this picture and tag us in the status today to win this pi cheesecake! We'll announce a winner tomorrow. The winner can pick up their cake where we bake in Winchester or at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market on Saturday!, We just had to. Go celebrate everyone!, It's one of our favorite days of the year! Happy pi day everyone!, One of our favorite events is coming up on Friday, 3/22. Join us for a night of tastings (food, wine, beer, art & music) to benefit the Griffin Museum of Photography in Winchester. This event gets bigger every year, don't miss out! http://www.griffinmuseum.org/, You can now get our Classic Mini Cheesecakes topped with Nutella or Taza Chocolate dark chocolate ganache as part of a mixed dozen! http://7ate9bakery.com/7ate9-mini-cheesecakes, Today is the last chance to get Pumpkin Cheesecake until next fall! Come on down to the Somerville Winter Farmers Market today until 2pm and grab a mini!, Oops, Thanks to everyone who made suggestions for Summer Farmers Markets they would like to see us at! We're looking at applications over the next week so keep them coming!, We're putting in applications for our Summer Farmers Markets. We're planning to double the number of markets we do this year so are looking for some new venues. What markets do you want to see us in?, We've got a great article on the front page of the Boston Globe North section today! Here is the online version (minus one of the pictures) for those of you who don't get the print version. Please share!, Our Globe article that was supposed to be printed in the Boston North section last Sunday was bumped to tomorrow. Keep an eye out for us!, null, Here we go again! Pick up the Boston Globe tomorrow if you're on the North Shore. We've got an article on the front page of the Boston Globe North section!, Today is the last day to get your Valentine's delivery orders in. We'll be accepting orders until we run out of drivers!, Getting down to the wire for Valentine's Day deliveries! Anyone can send flowers; true love sends cheesecake. Order yours online today. www.7ate9bakery.com, We have a great shout out in the The Boston Globe Magazine this morning along with our partnership with Taza Chocolate! Get those Valentine's Day orders in quick! http://www.bostonglobe.com/magazine/2013/02/10/mini-cheesecakes-from-ate-bakery/07OGsOJS3eQE9xnPUdAVTJ/story.html, Grab a copy of the Boston Globe tomorrow! We'll be in the Sunday Magazine under the Cooking Column!, Most guys don't want flowers. Order your Valentine's Day delivery today. www.7ate9bakery.com, We're going to be in the Boston Globe Magazine this Sunday in the cooking column!, Get your veggies and your dessert at the Somerville Winter Market today. We have Nutella Mini Cheesecakes!, We're bringing our Nutella Mini Cheesecakes back to the Somerville Winter Market tomorrow but we can't guarantee we won't sell out again! Get there early!, The Taza Raspberry Cheesecake. Best. Cake. Ever., Flowers are cliché. Show your love with cheesecake. Let us deliver your Valentine's Day surprise. www.7ate9bakery.com, Days like this make us very thankful that we work someplace with an oven room., Red Velvet batter about to go in the oven, They are going quick! Get here fast to get our new Classic Cheesecake topped with Nutella!, We've got something new! Classic Mini Cheesecakes topped with Nutella. Debuting at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market this Saturday., Stay up with the latest news by joining the Somerville Winter Farmers Market's new weekly newsletter., Someone's getting a nice gift tonight., Hey resolutioners! Want to eat healthy without breaking the bank? Join the Demystifying Organic workshop at the Arts at the Armory this Saturday from trained nutrition professional Jennifer Jasmine, RD., The Somerville Winter Market is full of dieters today. Where is the cheesecake love??, We're back at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market this Saturday with our much loved Mini Cheesecakes with locally made Maple Cream. Get there quick; they promise to sell out!, Looking for a last minute gift? You can order 7ate9 Bakery gift certificates to be emailed to you., Still need a holiday cake? We are at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market today until 2pm today with a variety of sizes and flavors., Getting down to the wire. There is still some time to order for Christmas delivery! www.7ate9bakery.com, Assuming the world does not end, you still have a short period of time to get in your orders for Sunday delivery, our last day for your holiday cakes. Order today at www.7ate9bakery.com, We want to alert all of our customers that should the world end tomorrow, we will not be completing any holiday deliveries currently schedule for this weekend. In fact, we will be eating all of them ourselves while watching the world end. If the world remains intact, we will deliver your cakes as scheduled. Thank you for your understanding., Check out the It's The Food blog post about our cheesecake and our use of Taza Chocolate., Today is the last day to order your holiday cheesecake for pickup at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market this Saturday! www.7ate9bakery.com, Time is almost up to get your orders in for holiday deliveries! Place your order online today for Christmas delivery or for pick up at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market this Saturday., Looking for the best stocking stuffer ever? Try a 7ate9 Bakery Gift Certificate! Now available on our website., Check out our festive Holiday Mini Cheesecakes, spruced up with peppermint candy kisses. They come in Classic, Chocolate, or a mixed dozen. Order yours today: www.7ate9bakery.com/7ate9-mini-cheesecakes, Looking for something to do tomorrow? Try a holiday fiesta featuring a taco truck, free coctail samples of Diabolique Infused Bourbon, free Counter Culture Coffee coffee, free Taza Chocolate... and of course, our cheesecake, for free. 11am-5pm at the Taza Factory Store in Somerville., Winter farmers markets have started! We're at the Somerville Winter Market at the Armory until 2:00 today., Mini Oreo Cheesecakes coming out of the oven., Chocolate cheesecake batter., We're starting our Winter Farmers Market season at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market this Saturday. We know you've missed us..., Many of you know Sugar from the Union Square Farmers Market. Sugar wants to be the next TV star for PetMeds and needs your votes! You can vote once a day until December 14th. Help Sugar reach her fame!, null, Come join us at the Taza Chocolate Holiday Fiesta on December 15th!, Are you or your office hosting a holiday party this month? Our Mini Cheesecakes are perfect for celebrating. Order yours online today. www.7ate9bakery.com/7ate9-mini-cheesecakes, null, The view from our delivery today. Not too shabby., null, We have a full day of delivering Thanksgiving cheesecakes. Have a happy and safe Thanksgiving everyone!, At the Charles Hotel Farmers Market in Harvard Square until 3pm today. Last market of the season. Pick up your Thanksgiving cakes!, Today is the last day to order for pick up at the Union Square Farmers Market and Winchester Farmers Market this Saturday. Reserve your Thanksgiving cake! www.7ate9bakery.com, Pumpkin Cheesecake: made from locally grown pumpkins and baked on top of a gingersnap-pecan crust. Officially the best thing to ever happen to pumpkin pie. Order your Thanksgiving cake today. www.7ate9bakery.com, The Winchester Farmers Market is having their Annual Thanksgiving Market this Saturday from 9:30-1:30 indoors at the Parish of the Epiphany at 70 Church Street. Join us for your Thanksgiving shopping, local art, and games and activities for the kids while you shop. Order online to reserve your cake today!, We'll have Thanksgiving cakes at the Winchester Farmers Market, Union Square Farmers Market and The Charles Hotel Farmers Market this coming weekend. Order online to reserve yours for pickup... we will sell out!, Thanksgiving orders are starting to come in. Reserve your Thanksgiving delivery today!, Congrats to Q's Nuts on being in the top ten for TasteMakers 2012. Seriously fantastic stuff., Crafters, artists and creators, be part of Somerville Local First's Local is for Lovers Holiday Market on 12/2!, null, Taza Chocolate's Day of the Dead party is going on at their factory store right now. Have some fun before the storm!, Stop by Winchester or Union Square today for your Halloween cheesecakes!, We'll have Halloween Cheesecakes tomorrow at the Winchester Farmers Market and the Union Square Farmers Market. Pick them up tomorrow and avoid going out in the hurricane!, Pumpkin Cheesecake is always a big Thanksgiving seller. Get your orders in early and let us delivery your Thanksgiving cake!, Stop by the Sally Frank's Farmers' Market today. We've got Pumpkin Cheesecake and more!, WBZ | CBS Boston has put us at the top of the list for Boston's Best Cheesecake! Feeling quite honored!, The old freezer and the new. Our capital assets just doubled!, We're hiring! We're looking for a Baker/Cake Decorator. We're opening a part time position with coveted daytime hours and LOTS of room for growth. Spread the word!, We'll have Pumpkin Cheesecake at the Union Square Farmers Market and Winchester Farmers Market tomorrow!, Pumpkin Cheesecake is back! Made from MA locally grown pumpkins from Stasinos Farm in Peabody and baked on top of a gingersnap-pecan crust. www.7ate9bakery.com/order-cheesecakes, There are still fresh raspberries at Wright-Locke Farm. Go get em!, Look what we got from Stasinos Farm in Peabody. You know what this means..., We're at the Eat Boutique Fall Market on Atlantic Wharf on Congress street from 1-5., We're bringing back our Mini Cheesecakes topped with Taza Chocolate covered nibs this weekend. Come grab one at the Union Square Farmers Market on Saturday and The Charles Hotel Farmers Market on Sunday!, We had a great sendoff from the Farmers' Market at Kendall Square today by selling out. We'll see all you next year! Stop by one of our other markets in between or let us deliver to you., Sad to say this is our last day at the Kendall Square Farmers Market. Perfect day for it though. Come by and grab a Mini Cheesecake!, Congrats to Eat Boutique in The Boston Globe today! We'll be at the Eat Boutique Fall Market this Saturday. Come check it out., Come see us at the Union Square Farmers Market this week. We'll have Classic Mini Cheesecakes topped with maple cream from Hollis Hills Farm., We've got a big menu today at the Sally Frank's Farmers' Market. Mocha Mini Cheesecakes are back. And we've got minis drizzled with maple cream made locally at Hollis Hills Farm. And sad to say this is Melrose's last shot at our Lemon Cheesecake! Stop by today from 1-7pm., null, We do a lot with our dark chocolate ganache. From dunking minis, to drizzles, to our top selling Taza Raspberry., We're bringing Peanut Butter Cup Mini Cheesecakes to the Farmers' Market at Kendall Square tomorrow in the hopes to get some feedback! These are test cakes, so we need to hear what you think! Stop by 11-2pm, We're back! And somehow fall came while we were away! Anyone else looking forward to pumpkins??, It's official... we're on vacation through September 4th. That means no markets or deliveries until the 5th... We'll miss you!, We've got family sized, 4" Lemon Cheesecakes with fresh raspberries grown on Philemon Wright/Asa Locke Farm at the Winchester Farmers Market tomorrow!, We're back at the Winchester Farmers Market tomorrow! Stop by and say hello., We'll be at the Eat Boutique Fall Market. Will you?, Who tried one of our Peanut Butter Cup Mini Cheesecakes last weekend at the Union Square Farmers Market? Don't forget to send feedback with your thoughts!, We'll have a limited batch of our new Peanut Butter Cup Mini Cheesecakes at the Union Square Farmers Market tomorrow. We're hoping people can give us some feedback and help decide their fate!, What? Free ice cream?? Yes please., Yesterday was our highest sales day ever thanks to everyone at the Sally Frank's Farmers' Market! So much love from Melrose!, We can't seem to bring enough cakes to Melrose's Sally Frank's Farmers' Market. We'll be back tomorrow from 1-7pm with our Lemon Cheesecakes and Classic Minis topped with Taza Chocolate covered cacao nibs!, Check out the new website for the Melrose Farmers Market. We'll see you there this Thursday!, Today is the last day for our online contest. Tag us on Facebook or Twitter and we'll enter you to win a dozen Mini Cheesecakes delivered to you for free. Include a photo and we'll enter you twice!, Today is the last day for our online sale. Place your order today for 10% off on any delivery date!, Our National Cheesecake Day week is still going strong! We're celebrating tomorrow at the Farmers' Market at Kendall Square where you'll have a chance to win free cheesecake!, Don't forget our online contest to win free cheesecake goes though Friday. Tag us in a post on Facebook or Twitter, and you'll be entered to win free cheesecake delivered right to you. Tag us with a photo and we'll enter you twice!, Happy National Cheesecake Day! All cakes on our website have been discount 10% through Friday, regardless of delivery date! That means you can order your Thanksgiving cakes now..., Stop by the Union Square Farmers Market and Winchester Farmers Market today and celebrate National Cheesecake Day! You could win a dozen FREE Mini Cheesecakes! And we've got our new Classic Minis topped with Chocolate Covered Nibs from Taza Chocolate!, Want a chance to win a dozen FREE Mini Cheesecakes delivered to you? Tag us on Facebook or Twitter and tell us how you are celebrating National Cheesecake Day!, Celebrate National Cheesecake Day with us this weekend at the Winchester Farmers Market, Union Square Farmers Market, and Charles Square Farmers Market! You could win a dozen Mini Cheesecakes delivered right to your door!, National Cheesecake Day is right around the corner. Check out the festivities and see how you can win a dozen Mini Cheesecakes delivered!, Our favorite holiday of the year is coming up... National Cheesecake Day is July 30th (no, we did not make that up). Stay tuned for festivities, raffles, and contests to win free cheesecake!, Looks like the new Lemon Cheesecake is the hit of the summer. Have any of our facebook fans tried some yet? What do you think?, Our new Lemon Cheesecake is perfect for the hot weather! Come grab a mini at Sally Frank's Farmers' Market in Melrose from 1-7pm tomorrow., We'll be debuting our new Lemon Cheesecake at the Sally Frank's Farmers' Market in Melrose this Thursday!, Stuck in work on Thursday? Rewards yourself. Order cheesecake for your office and pick them up at the Farmers' Market at Kendall Square., Our new, very patriotic Minis. Come grab a 4th of July Cheesecake at the Winchester Farmers Market or Union Square Farmers Market tomorrow!, Hi Winchester! We'll be seeing you at the Winchester Farmers Market tomorrow! Stop by and try one of our Mini Cheesecakes or pick up a 4th of July cheesecake!, Heading to a 4th of July BBQ? Order a 4" red, white & blue cheesecake as a gift for the host. www.7ate9bakery.com/order-cheesecakes., Looks like that power outage killed our computer. Won't even turn on. Here's hoping it just needs a new power supply. Looks like we're running without access to any documents!, We've got a favorite coming to the Somerville Winter Farmers Market this Saturday. Our Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip Mini Cheesecakes. They are a rare item at the markets and they always sell out quick!, I'm thinking we should all order some of these. Who wants in?, Our 4th of July Cheesecakes are back! Celebrate in style. http://7ate9bakery.com/order-cheesecakes/, Did you know you won't see anyone from 7ate9 Bakery drinking bottled water? That's because we're a bottled water free establishment. Here's why:, If you missed them today, come see us tomorrow at The Charles Hotel farmers market with our new Taza Chocolate Raspberry Mini Cheesecakes! They sold out fast and will do so again. We'll also have some last minute father's day cheesecakes! 10a-3p, If you haven't gotten there yet, hurry to the Union Square Farmers Market. We have our new Taza Raspberry Minis, but a limited number! Classic Mini Cheesecake with dark Taza Chocolate ganache, freshly whipped cream and fresh raspberries!, And the finished product... our Taza Raspberry Cheesecake in a mini. A Classic Mini Cheesecake with our dark chocolate ganache made from Taza Chocolate, freshly whipped cream, and fresh raspberries. Grab yours at the Union Square Farmers Market; they won't last long., Tonight we are creating something amazing. You will not want to miss us at the Union Square Farmers Market tomorrow. . . get there early. This is just the beginning., Hey there Melrose! Come see us at the Sally Frank's Farmers' Market today and pick up a mini cheesecake or family size!, Tomorrow is opening day at the Farmers' Market at Kendall Square. Take a lunch break for a mini cheesecake from 11a-2p., Father's Day is just around the corner. Order one of our cheesecakes to be delivered to dad and put a custom message on the box., We'll have a limited supply of 4" Mocha Cheesecakes at The Charles Hotel Farmers Market tomorrow. Get there early to claim yours!, Can't wait to see our friends at The Charles Hotel tomorrow! Stop by for some cheesecake, 10-3pm. Classic, Classic with fresh strawberries, and Taza Chocolate cheesecake., Our friend Taylor over at Jordan Brothers Seafood showing off their fish and talking smack about Legal. Great article. Stop by to see them at the Union Square Farmers Market tomorrow., We'll have an awning on our tent at the Union Square Farmers Market tomorrow so you can stay dry while enjoying your cheesecake! Classic, Fresh Strawberry & Mocha Mini Cheesecakes, Gearing up for our first summer markets of the season! Stop by this weekend to see us at the Union Square Farmers Market and The Charles Hotel market!, Any musicians out there looking for a gig?, We're going from one Farmers Market last summer, to five this summer! Check which one is closest to you., This Saturday is our last market at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market. Come check us out outside the Armory and try our new Mocha Cheesecake!, Introducing our new Mocha Cheesecake. Our Chocolate Cheesecake infused with Counter Culture espresso. The crust is a chocolate cookie crust with coffee beans ground right in. The cake is then topped with a dark chocolate drizzle and freshly whipped cream. Made with local Taza Chocolate and Counter Culture Coffee, both direct trade companies. http://7ate9bakery.com/, Our new Mocha Cheesecake is finally here! Made with Taza Chocolate and Counter Culture Coffee. Or pick up a Taza Raspberry Cheesecake for mom! Come try some today at the Taza Factory Store from 11am-2pm., Guess who has finally made an appearance!, Getting ready for the big release of our new Mocha Cheesecake made with Counter Culture Coffee and Taza Chocolate! Come sample the Mocha and other flavors, or pick up one of our famed Taza Raspberry Cheesecakes at the Taza Factory Store this Sunday from 11am-2pm., Check out our newest customer review on our website from Anya!, It's not too late to place your order for Mother's Day delivery!, Join us this Sunday at the Taza Chocolate Factory Store along with Counter Culture Coffee. We'll be debuting our Mocha Cheesecake made with Counter Culture and Taza! There will be lots of samples and you can pick up a mini to go!, We've got the perfect day planned out for you. Stop by the Armory in Somerville for the Somerville Open Studios, then grab a mini cheesecake from us at Somerville Winter Farmers Market outside. Then, enjoy your cheesecake while strolling over to the Taza Chocolate factory store for their Cinco de Mayo party!, The Somerville Winter Farmers Market is outdoors tomorrow! Stop by for a Mini Classic, Oreo, or Taza Chocolate Cheesecake from 9:30-2:30., Not sure what mom wants for Mother's Day? We are. Surprise her with her favorite cheesecake. Order online for delivery., We are deliciously close on our Mocha Cheesecake. Filling and crust complete. Now we just have to make it pretty., Coffee grinds ready to go for our Mocha Cheesecake. Working on the crust today., Mother's Day is just around the corner. Order Mom's favorite for delivery on Mother's Day!, More press for our letter to the editor. This one is on Melrose Patch., Happy Earth Day! Check out our Earth Day letter to the editor that ran in several towns. Here's a link to the Wakefield Patch., Tomorrow is our last day at The Center Market in Cambridge. We'll have mini cheesecakes with fresh strawberries among other things. Check us out at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market also!, Classic Cheesecake with fresh strawberries, Proof that our new Mocha Cheesecake is making progress. Some lucky taste testers..., Sad to say that this Saturday will be our last day at The Center Market in Cambridge. Stop by and grab a cheesecake, or order online and pick up at the Cambridge Community Center!, New customer review up by Monica in Cambridge. Loving the compliments!, So nice out, but feeling bad for the marathon runners... and the polar bears., We'll have 4" Red Velvet Cheesecake at The Center Market in Cambridge tomorrow along with minis!, We're still taking some last minute Easter delivery orders today. Last day! www.7ate9bakery.com/order-cheesecakes, Order our new Easter Mini Cheesecakes today. Classic or Chocolate, topped with milk chocolate Easter eggs! http://7ate9bakery.com/7ate9-mini-cheesecakes/, We'll be at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market and The Center Market in Cambridge tomorrow taking orders for Easter. Order yours and pick up next Saturday at the market!, It's sold out at every farmers market it's ever been to. Now it's on our website just in time for Easter. The Taza Raspberry Cheesecake: our Classic Cheesecake covered in Taza Chocolate dark chocolate ganache, topped with fresh raspberries and fresh whipped cream. It's life changing. www.7ate9bakery.com/order-cheesecakes., null, Working on our new timeline page. It'll be rolled out within the next day or two., Easter is around the corner. Take some stress off and let us deliver your dessert. Order online and select your delivery time., If you're heading to the Taste of Winchester tonight at the Griffin Museum, come say hello. We'll be sampling our Chocolate and Classic cheesecakes!, Today is World Water Day. Help take action to protect our nation's public water systems., It's not too late to get tickets to the Taste of Winchester at the Griffin Museum of Photography this Friday night!, Our St. Patrick's Day mini cheesecakes with green whipped cream were a big hit at both markets today. Now we celebrate with some Guinness! Happy St. Patrick's Day!, Don't forget to pick up your St. Patrick's Day cheesecake at The Center Market and Somerville Winter Farmers Market tomorrow!, Take a shot at designing the 2012 Union Square Farmers Market!, Celebrate St. Patrick's Day at The Center Market in Cambridge and Somerville Winter Farmers Market tomorrow with a mini cheesecake topped with our fresh, all natural, green whipped cream!, null, We'll have our market exclusive 4" Taza Raspberry Cheesecake at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market this week. Classic Cheesecake covered in our Taza Chocolate dark chocolate ganache, topped with fresh whipped cream and fresh raspberries. 
It sells out EVERY time. Want to be sure you have one? Email us at cakes@7ate9bakery.com and we'll hold one aside for you., Amazing stuff happens here..., null, Just saw this article on Yahoo making some great points about why its great to be bottled water free., Join us at this year's Taste of Winchester to benefit The Griffin Museum on March 23rd, 7 - 10pm., A Cookies-N-Cream Cheesecake heading out on delivery to a birthday party. That's going to be one good party., You can now order our new Oreo Mini Cheesecakes on our website!, Last batch came out like a great coffee cheesecake... not quite what we're going for though. Giving another go at the Mocha Cheesecake again tonight., We'll have the chef's favorite at The Center Market tomorrow... Classic Cheesecake with dark Taza Chocolate ganache and fresh raspberries! And our Oreo Minis are coming back!, Tasting our first attempt at Mocha Cheesecake today... then inevitably working on the second batch. Fingers crossed!, Trying to find us at a winter farmers market? Check out our new farmers market page on our website:, New Oreo Mini Cheesecakes at The Center Market and Somerville Winter Farmers Market tomorrow!, We'll be back at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market and The Center Market in Cambridge. Come say hi!, 17 deliveries today... Lots of people surprised at work and soon a few more will be surprised at dinner!, A box of mixed Mini Cheesecakes getting ready to surprise someone on Valentine's Day!, Last day to get in your orders for Valentine's Day deliveries! Order yours today at www.7ate9bakery.com, Valentines Day mini cheesecakes at the Cambridge Winter Market. We're here until 2:00!, We're featured in the Melrose Patch Valentine's roundup!, A customer is having a cake delivered to his wife on Valentine's Day. He wrote the sweetest message about how much he loves her, which we're printing on the inside of the box so she sees it when she opens it. Order yours today! www.7ate9bakery.com, There is still time to get your orders in for Valentine's Day delivery! www.7ate9bakery.com, Flowers are cliche. Reserve your Valentine's Day delivery order today! www.7ate9bakery.com, Check us out at both the Somerville Winter Farmers Market and The Center Market in Cambridge tomorrow!, This Valentine's Day, your favorite gentleman doesn't want flowers... he wants cheesecake. We now have our Mini Cheesecakes with chocolate hearts. Surprise him! Reserve your delivery time today! www.7ate9bakery.com, We'll be back at both the Somerville Winter Farmers Market and The Center Market in Cambridge this Saturday. Stop by and say hello!, Besides our Valentine Red Velvet Cheesecake you could also send a Classic Valentine Cheesecake, decorated with chocolate hearts, to your special someone. Reserve your delivery time for Valentine's Day!, Big day today! Our car was hit by another car while out on delivery... and we still made it to all our deliveries on time. We've never been late for a delivery yet!, How great is it out there? For Boston, this is almost beach weather., Somerville was definitely showing the love today... we sold out of all our cakes before noon! I guess we'll bring three times as much when we're back in two weeks!, It's nice and warm at the Somerville Winter Market! Treat yourself to a classic, pumpkin or Taza chocolate cheesecake!, Don't let the snow keep you down! We'll be at the Somerville Winter Farmers Market and the The Center Market in Cambridge tomorrow. Stop by for some Classic, Pumpkin or Taza Chocolate Cheesecake!, Our Red Velvet Cheesecake is ready for Valentine's Day. Order one to be delivered to your sweetheart!, This Saturday, you can find us at both The Center Market in Cambridge and the Somerville Winter Farmers Market! Excited to finally make it to Somerville!, We're excited for The Center Market tomorrow! We're bringing Mini Cheesecakes in Classic, Gingerbread and Pumpkin again, and we'll have 4" Cookies-N-Cream Cheesecakes. Hope to see you there!, null, A great article in today's Boston Globe about The Center Market we're in every Saturday and the important role winter markets play in the community., To see pictures from the first market, click on the link and then the Photos tab on the top right. Over 800 people came to the market for opening day!, Our Gingerbread Cheesecake is getting ready to retire for the season. Order yours today before it's gone!, It was great seeing everyone at the first winter market of the season! Thanks for coming out!, We've got Pumpkin, Classic and Gingerbread Cheesecake tomorrow at the first Cambridge Winter Market. Show your love for small businesses and great food along with local artwork and music. 10:00-2:00, We've added some new options to our website. You can now add Taza Chocolate dark chocolate ganache to your cheesecake and fresh fruit. That means you can make something like this..., The Cambridge Winter Market starts this Saturday! Catch us at the Cambridge Community Center in Central Square from 10:00am - 2:00pm., It's never to early... Designing our Red Velvet Valentine's Cheesecake. What do you think?, Down to the wire! Place your orders online or give us a call to be sure you get holiday delivery... , Only a few days left to get in your holiday orders. Let us deliver your holiday dessert., Don't forget to get your holiday orders in early. We have a small supply of Pumpkin left, and get your Gingerbread Cheesecake before it's all gone! www.7ate9bakery.com, Gingerbread Cheesecake is here, just in time for the holidays! Our newest cheesecake is baked into a homemade, spiced gingerbread cookie crust and topped with cinnamon dusted whipped cream and a gingerbread cookie. Not bad huh?, Stay tuned tomorrow. Our holiday cake is being released!, How about a gift everyone will love while supporting local businesses? At Eat Boutique's holiday market this Saturday you can pick foods from local makers and have them packaged into a gift box. Try our Classic, Pumpkin and Taza Chocolate Cheesecakes while you're there!, Happy birthday to us, we're one year old! Thanks for all the support over the past year... Here's to growing even more!, Putting the finishing touches into our new holiday recipe: Gingerbread Cheesecake!, We'll be at Eat Boutique's Holiday Local Market on December 10th. Come join us!, Last chance... There is just over an hour to place your order for Thanksgiving cheesecake delivery. We're accepting orders until midnight tonight!, Don't forget to get your orders in tonight for Thanksgiving cakes. We deliver them to you!, Tomorrow is the last farmers market of the season. Come see us in Harvard Square from 10am-3pm. We'll have frozen Thanksgiving cheesecakes. Get them before everyone else does! Classic, Pumpkin and Taza Chocolate Cheesecakes., If you like pumpkin pie, you'll like our Pumpkin Cheesecake better (as will your guests)! It comes with a gingersnap-pecan crust. Let us deliver for Thanksgiving; order online today!, Don't forget to place your Thanksgiving orders soon! We guarantee orders that are placed through Sunday, 11/20. Orders received after that are based on availability., Just discovered Supercook. Create a free account, add the ingredients in your kitchen, and it finds recipes for you., null, Next Sunday is the last Farmers Market! Order any flavor cake online for pick up at the market on Sunday. Pop it in the freezer and thaw it in the fridge overnight before Thanksgiving. The perfect dessert!, Second to last market today! Stop by from 1-3 for a Mini Classic, Pumpkin, or Chocolate Cheesecake!, @TazaChocolate cheesecakes getting ready for tomorrow's sampling event from 1-5 at the factory store!, We've added a pic of our Mini Pumpkin Cheesecakes to our website. Check it out... , Not sure how to feel about this food trend..., A great list of reasons to join us in being bottled water free... , We'll have Mini Classic and Pumpkin Cheesecake tomorrow. And as a special treat, a very limited edition... Sugar & Spice Pumpkin Seeds, Pick up a local treat tomorrow at the farmers market in Harvard Square from 10-3, then walk over to the Head of the Charles Regatta and watch the rowers!, It's not too late. You have until midnight to place your order for Pumpkin Cheesecake and still get 10% off. Any delivery date applies!, Happy National Pumpkin Cheesecake Day everyone! All of our pumpkin cheesecake products are 10% off today. Order today for any delivery date! (think holidays) http://7ate9bakery.com/order-cheesecakes/, Taza is holding a Day of the Dead Fiesta on October 29th. Looks like fun!, By popular demand, we're bringing mini Pumpkin Cheesecakes back to the market this Sunday. Get there before they sell out!, We'll have Taza Chocolate Cheesecake, Classic and Pumpkin Cheesecake at the farmers market tomorrow! 10-3 in Harvard Square, http://www.wgbh.org/News/Articles/2011/10/13/Brits_And_Americans_Dont_Speak_The_Same_Language_In_The_Kitchen.cfm, If you're a chocolate lover, try our new Mini Chocolate Cheesecakes at the farmers market this Sunday. They are made with locally produced Taza Chocolate!, The holidays are coming up fast. Reserve your Thanksgiving cake now... our Pumpkin Cheesecake is selling fast! www.7ate9bakery.com, Just a reminder to everyone that we'll be closed for the long weekend, which means no farmers market for us... sigh, We brought classic and pumpkin cheesecakes to the market today. At the Charles Hotel in Harvard Square from 10-3. Get them before we sell out again!, There's a new Winter Farmers Market opening in Cambridge! , We've updated our website. We have new mini cheesecake flavors and a whole page dedicated to them!, Sold out of cakes at the farmers market today! Brought more than usual too. The Pumpkin is a huge seller... we'll bring it back next week!, Pumpkin Cheesecake is back! Check out our website or grab a mini one today at the @CharlesHotel farmers mkt!, Looking for more guesses: We've got something exciting coming up! First one to correctly guess what it is wins one free!, We've got something exciting coming up! First one to correctly guess what it is wins one free!, We have something exciting brewing..., We have Cookies-N Cream, Classic & Strawberry Mousse stuffed Cheesecakes at the Harvard Square farmers market today. Stop by from 10-3pm!, Having a great Cabernet Franc from ZOLL CELLARS. Check them out at the Harvard Square Farmers Market this Sunday., If you're not already using a kitchen scale maybe this will convince you... , New mini cheesecakes at the @CharlesHotel farmers mkt today! Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip!, Getting mini cheesecakes ready for a Dana Farber Cancer benefit tonight!, Wondering why we decided to go bottled water free? Here's our answer... http://7ate9bakery.com/bottled-water-free/, We’ve joined over 50 businesses in the greater Boston area who have pledge to Think Outside the Bottle and go bottled water free! Help us urge Governor Patrick to join us by cutting spending of taxpayer dollars on bottled water and supporting public water systems. bit.ly/qpCbW5, Stay safe in Irene everyone! We're doing the same, therefore the Sunday Farmers Market in Harvard Square has been cancelled., Stop by the farmers market in harvard square from 10-3. We have mini cheesecakes stuffed with chocolate and strawberry mousse and our hit cookies-n-cream cheesecake!, We have mini cheesecakes stuffed with chocolate mousse and cheesecake covered in dark Taza Chocolate ganache and fresh raspberries! Harvard Square farmers market until 3pm!, You can now add fresh fruit on top of our Mini Cheesecakes: strawberries, raspberries and blueberries. When in season, we buy our fruit at local farms!, If you are in Melrose, check out the Melrose Free Press. We made the front page and got a great review!, At the @CharlesHotel farmers market! Well be here until 3pm!, Mini cheesecakes with fresh fruit getting ready for our first wedding!, Check out our National Cheesecake Day blog post and pics!, Today is the last day of our SALE! Order today to get 10% off of all your cakes, regardless of delivery date. www.7ate9bakery.com, There is still time left. All of our cakes are on sale for any delivery date!, null, Come celebrate National Cheesecake Day with us today at the Harvard Square Farmers Market from 10-3! We'll have Stuffed Mini Cheesecakes, cheesecakes with Dark Chocolate and Raspberries, a raffle to win a free 9" cheesecake and more!, We'll have very local 4" Classic Cheesecakes tomorrow! They are covered in a dark chocolate ganache made from Taza Chocolate and freshly grown raspberries from Philemon Wright/Asa Locke Farm!, Happy National Cheesecake Day everyone! All of our cakes are 10% off in celebration, and check out our newly released stuffed cheesecakes!, Just put 135 cheesecakes in the oven in preparation for National Cheesecake Day!, Calibrating the ovens today! I always get inordinately excited for that..., Our press release for National Cheesecake Day has gone out. Fell free to pass it on!, In honor of National Cheesecake Day, we will officially be releasing our Stuffed Mini Cheesecakes!, At this Sunday's Farmers Market, we'll be having a raffle to win a free 9" Classic Cheesecake in honor of National Cheesecake Day! Stop by between 10am-3pm in front of the The Charles Hotel in Harvard Square!, Everyone seems to be excited for National Cheesecake Day coming up on July 30th! We're planning big things..., null, Gearing up for National Cheesecake Day on July 30th!, This Sunday we'll have our infamous Peanut Butter Cup 4" Cheesecakes at the farmers market! This one is a favorite!, The last Harry Potter movie comes out at midnight! Is everyone as excited/sad as we are? Who else is going?, Just got commissioned for our first wedding! Mini Cheescakes with our homemade whipped cream and fresh fruit will be served, We're selling 4" Cheesecakes with Strawberry sauce tomorrow. We make the sauce from locally grown strawberries from Busa Farms! Visit us at the Harvard Square Farmers Market from 10-3pm., null, Blown fuse meant we lost all of our product. Not a good day. Baking around the clock to get all our cakes prepped for tomorrow., Happy holiday weekend everyone! Don't forget to stop by the Harvard Square Farmers Market tomorrow and pick up your 4th of July Cheesecakes. They are limited editions and will be saying goodbye for another year!, Get some iced hot chocolate samples at the Taza factory this Saturday!, Don't forget to order your 4th of July Cheesecakes! We'll hold them for you for pick up at the Harvard Square Farmers Market from 10-3 on Sunday., 4th of July Cheesecakes have been added to our website. Accepting orders through Saturday, and we WILL do Sunday delivery. Check out our website for details! www.7ate9bakery.com, Don't forget to put in your cheesecake orders for the 4th of July! We deliver up until Saturday, and you can also pick up your cake on Sunday at the farmers market in Harvard Square. www.7ate9bakery.com, This week we'll have our Classic Mini Cheesecakes back at the market, and 4" Cookie-N-Cream Cheesecakes! Stop by the Harvard Square Farmers Market between 10-3 tomorrow to pick yours up!, How about grabbing our newest cake for Father's day tomorrow? The Chocolate Covered Oreo Cheesecake. We'll be at the Harvard Square Farmers Market from 10-3!, Big news! We are debuting brand new cake flavors at the Farmers Market this Sunday in Harvard Sq. We'll have Mini Cheesecakes stuffed with mint chocolate mousse or strawberry mousse, and we'll have 4", family sized, Chocolate Covered Cookies-N-Cream Cheesecake!, Still looking for a last minute Father's Day gift? Order any cake online and pick it up this Sunday at the Charles Hotel Farmer's Market in Harvard Square. We'll be there from 10-3, Melrose Patch named us in their 5 New Innovative Businesses! Check it out..., Dad doesn't want chocolates and flowers. Have a cheesecake delivered to him instead, www.7ate9bakery.com, This Tuesday-Thursday is one of our favorite events of the year, the Jimmy Fund Scooperbowl all you can eat ice cream festival!, There is still time left if you want to win 4 tickets to see former Patriots, Red Sox and Bruins players at the All Pro Celebrity Softball game tomorrow at 7PM in Winchester. Just friend us and comment on our post for a chance to win!, Are you going to Town Day in Winchester tomorrow? Follow it up by seeing Patriots, Red Sox and Bruins players at the Celebrity Softball game. Friend us and tell us your favorite cheesecake flavor (real or imagined) in the comments for a chance to win 4 free tickets!, Want to see former Patriots, Red Sox and Bruins players up close? We have 4 tickets to the Winchester Police vs. the All Pro Celebrity Softball Team for this Saturday at 7PM in Winchester. Friend us, and comment on this post for a chance to win. We'll be choosing a winner at random today from the comments!, Our family sized Strawberry Cheesecakes were a huge hit at the market last Sunday. Bringing them back this Sunday!, Moved our deliveries in light of the tornado warning. Stay safe everyone., Just updated our order form. You can now place your order online and pick up your cake at the Charles Square Farmers Market in Harvard Square! We'll be there on Sundays from 10-3!, We'll have classic mini cheesecakes and 4" cheesecakes with strawberry sauce at the farmers market this Sunday in Harvard Square. Stop by and check us out!, Looks like we are in need of someone who does refrigerator repairs. Anyone know someone who is good? Preferably who may want to barter a bit??, Working on some new products! Stay tuned..., I just realized that not being able to find our popsicle sticks is the big problem of the day today. I love my job!, Our cheesecakes along side of Taza Chocolate =  the sweetest tent at the market!, Had a great start to the first Farmers Market of the season today in Harvard Square. Check us out every Sunday 10am-3pm at the Charles Hotel!, Hmm, the world is still here. I guess this means we'll go finish our deliveries., On Sunday it's NOT supposed to rain! Sounds like a reason to get out of the house... grab a mini cheesecake from us at the Farmer's Market at the Charles Hotel in Harvard Square!, Our blog post is up about Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer week:, Our Strawberry Cheesecake made an appearance on the Fox 25 morning news to promote Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer., Look for us tomorrow on the Fox morning news! They are featuring 3 Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer desserts towards the end of the show around 9:50am. Hope you're watching!, Do you have a story to share about how you or a loved one has been impacted by  breast cancer? How about wanting to share your hopes? Leave a message on our Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer webpage., Have a Classic Cheesecake with Strawberry Sauce delivered to your home or office this week and 100% of the proceeds go to the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute for Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer. Place your order today!, Our cheesecake will be featured on Fox News on Thursday morning for Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer! We'll keep you posted with more details!, All next week is Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer week. The full proceeds from our Classic Cheesecake with Strawberry Sauce are being donated to the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Order yours today!, Mother's Day is coming up quick. Give her a gift while supporting the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute., Still prepping for Easter? Worry about one less thing. Let us deliver your Easter dessert to your home. Order by midnight tonight to ensure Sunday delivery: www.7ate9bakery.com, null, We're delivering cakes all Easter weekend. Place your order today! www.7ate9bakery.com, We're featured in the Winchester Patch article about Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer, New blog post:, Our Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer page is now up! Have a Classic Cheesecake with Strawberry Sauce delivered the week leading up to Mother's Day and we will donate the proceeds to the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute!, Our Boston Bakes for Breast Cancer webpage will be up on our site in the next few days. We'll post it here once it's up!, I know we have a lot of fans who are celebrating: Happy Cambodian New Year!, Happy National Pecan Day everyone!, Had a great time at MVMMS Retro Glam Night yesterday. I guess this constitutes our first "store front!", For the first time, we're selling our mini cheesecakes individually! This is only if you buy them at the Retro-Glam Shopping Night tonight to benefit the Melrose Memorial Veterans Middle School..., In case you missed it, here are photos from the Taste of Winchester. You can see us on number 16!, Easter is quickly approaching. Let us deliver to your Easter dinner or send one as a gift!, Looking forward to the Melrose Memorial Veterans Middle School fundraiser this Friday night. We'll be selling cakes, will we see you there?, Why wasn't this snow storm an April Fool's joke?, With our new fans from the Griffin Museum event, we have hit 100 followers! Thanks for loving us everyone!, Had such a great time at the Griffin Museum tonight. It was great to meet so many fans, and the wonderful Winchester middle school and high school volunteers. Say hi if you saw us there!, Gearing up for our first big event tonight. Serving 150 mini cheesecakes at the Taste of Winchester at the Griffin Museum!, Looks like you'll be seeing us at the Charles Square Farmers Market in Harvard Square this summer!, Such a busy week!, Have you gotten your tickets to the Taste of Winchester this Friday? All proceeds go to benefit the Griffin Museum of Photography!, Contacting farmers markets to try to sell cheesecakes there this summer. Which one is your favorite?, This $625 cookbook includes techniques like  reverse spherification and vacuum infusion... http://yhoo.it/eC0fsc, The loss of sleep hurts but I'm loving how light it still is outside!, Happy pi day everyone!, Watched the movie W. tonight. Has anyone else seen this? I'm interested to hear what other people thought of it., Working on a way to sell our mini cheesecakes individually at events and farmer's markets., Happy to be back in Boston, but definitely missing my fried chicken, jambalaya, Abita and king cake!, Pretty psyched for this weekend... Heading down to Mardi Gras in New Orleans!, Excited to be participating in the Griffin Museum of Photography fundraiser on March 25th!, Are you an amateur baker who makes a killer cupcake?  Sign up to participate in CupcakeCamp Boston!, Finally saw the Social Network. It was much better than I thought it would be. Has anyone else seen it?, Google has added a new search function for recipes, We posted an article earlier but just had to comment on the latest gourmet food trends... www.7ate9bakery.com/blog, If Boston had a place like this I would definitely try it out, I guess that fake springtime is over... where is the "dislike" button?, Our blog post on red velvet from the experts and cheesecake gifts, Wow, delivering cheesecake as gifts must be the best job ever., Happy Valentine's day everyone!, Still looking for a Valentine's gift? You have until midnight tonight to place your order for Valentine's day delivery! www.7ate9bakery.com, Looking forward to the Genzyme Boston Marathon Team fundraiser for the National Organization of Rare Disorders tonight at Lir Irish Pub & Restaurant. Join us and you could win free 7ate9 Bakery cheesecake and other great prizes!, Our Red Velvet is mentioned in the Melrose Patch. It's not too late to order for Valentine's Day., Heading out on delivery today. The odds of getting a flat from potholes are pretty high right now... fingers crossed, Valentine's day... tell the truth: do you love it or hate it?, Still looking for a Valentine's Day gift? Let us deliver a 4" cheesecake as the perfect surprise., Red Velvet Cheesecake is now up for sale on our website. The perfect Valentine's day gift!, Decorating our new Red Velvet Cheesecake to be premiered tonight... I'll post pictures when it's complete!, Practicing the one handed egg crack... anyone else good at this?, Our new Red Velvet Cheesecake is being finalized and should be released on our website before the weekend is finished!, What do you think? One or two layers of red velvet cake combined with our cheesecake?, Previews of what's to come in our Red Velvet Cake..., The Red Velvet is turning out better and better. I think people are going to be excited for this one!, The texture is off on my red velvet. Going for a traditional, denser texture than what you find in New England. Getting close though!, We are trying to build our Yelp page and are hoping you can help. If you have had our cheesecake, please write us a review on Yelp!, Don't forget.  Place your order before midnight today and get 10% off of any Peanut Butter Cup Cheesecake! My personal favorite!, In honor of National Peanut Butter Day, get 10% off of Peanut Butter Cup Cheesecake when you place your order today! Just use coupon code NTLPBD11., Happy National Blonde Brownie Day!  How are you celebrating?, Put up a new post on the 7ate9 Blog. It's short and to the point!, Just got the first announcement for the Boston Cares Dash for a Difference happening on 4/30... I can't wait to take 1st place again this year.  Let me know if you're my competition!, Number crunching all morning... am I a dork that I love this part of the job?, Weather: "Snow turning into sleet later today, and then rain with freezing temperatures moving in to freeze this wave of precipitation. A new storm is expected to move in on Friday." How excited is everyone for this?, Looks like the Winchester Patch has also picked up our story!, Starting trial runs on the Red Velvet Cake this week!, Last day of our 10% sale is today. Order today for any delivery date! www.7ate9bakery.com, Hey Bostonians (and circa Bostonians), are you excited for the snow or dreading it?, Don't miss out... our 10% off sale ends tomorrow. Order now to get your discount for any delivery date!, Looks like we got a mention on Chowhound.com about home-based delivery services., Our Pumpkin Cheesecake is going out with the sale.  Order yours with 10% off before it's over 1/12!, Excited to see that our Melrose Patch article is making us some new friends. Don't forget, 10% off sale ends 1/12!, Our 10% off sale ends 1/12! Place your order to now to get the sale price, regardless of delivery date!, Still really excited to have a feature article today in the Melrose Patch. Please hit "share" and help us get more followers!, We are the lead article in the Melrose Patch! Check it out:, So, how excited is everyone to be back at work today?, Looking forward to some champagne tonight!, It's not too late! Order today for your New Years party and we'll deliver our cakes to your front door., Enjoying the blizzard? How much do you wish you had a slice of cheesecake right now? Don't go outside, let cheesecake come to you. www.7ate9bakery.com, Merry Christmas everyone! Eat well!, Lots of Christmas cheesecakes to deliver today!, Glad everyone liked the photo shoot! Check out the blog post about how it went at www.7ate9bakery.com/blog, Doing photo shoots is so awkward! But also fun... Check the pics just posted to our page., null, Today is the last day to order a cake before Christmas. Order today for delivery on 12/23. www.7ate9bakery.com, Just finished an interview with the Melrose & Winchester Patch.  I'll post it here once it is published!, Check out our press release announcing our grand opening. Pass it on!, Press release sent out announcing our opening. Know someone we should contact? Let us know!, We deliver right up until the night of 12/23. Order your last minute gift today!, Delivering cheesecakes to Cambridge, Brookline, Newton, Saugus & Lexington today. All with free delivery!, Math in the bakery! This post is how you know we're cool... www.7ate9bakery.com/blog, Using the Pythagorean Theorem right now in the bakery! Am I a complete dork that I find that incredibly exciting?, Loading up the ipod for a full day of baking. My favorites? Radio Lab, PRI: Sound of Young America, PRI: Selected Shorts, Fresh Air... How about you?, Only a few pumpkins left for the seasonal favorite: Pumpkin Cheesecake. Reserve yours before they are gone! www.7ate9bakery.com, Ready for the holidays? How about the gift of cheesecake?? Order now for delivery and 10% off www.7ate9bakery.com, Doing deliveries today. Will be driving 5 miles/hr and keeping an eye out for rogue turkeys, I came inches away from hitting two turkeys with my car during deliveries today. It was horrible. I almost cried, New blog post on how we originated... www.7ate9bakery.com/blog, Just getting home from the bakery. So exciting to start our first full week with orders! Now time for the office work!, Prepping for this weeks orders. There's a lot for our first week. How exciting!, Starting to reach out to some advertising venues. Where do you all get your foodie news?, Loving the Pink Glove Dance for breast cancer awareness http://youtu.be/OEdVfyt-mLw, So glad to be inside with heat!  Distributing postcards in December is a very cold affair..., Distributed 200 postcards today announcing our opening and 10% off sale!, We are open for business! Enjoy 10% off all cakes ordered during our Grand Opening sale!, Gearing up for a big day tomorrow! Stay tuned..., Moving into a commercial kitchen is such a huge adjustment! The test cakes are coming out great though! Check out our blog post to read about the details and our grand opening:, Heading out for a full day at the bakery! Excited and a little bit nervous to try out all new equipment and supplies!, Gearing up for a big day tomorrow. Finishing moving into the bakery and making batches of test cakes!, The cheesecakes were supposed to have a photo shoot today but they look best in natural sunlight... and it's cloudy. They may have to wait another day... I hope they don't get cranky, Lots of baking happening today.  Working on a Pumpkin, a Peanut Butter Cup, and 4" Classic and Chocolate Chip cakes... how good does that sound???, Happy Hanukkah everyone!, Heading down to Verrill Farm in Concord today to pick up some fresh pumpkins for pumpkin puree, I've started blogging about our progress.  Check it out and let me know what you think!, Has everyone recovered from their food coma yet?? What was your favorite food at Thanksgiving?, I hope everyone is feeling full and had a happy Thanksgiving!, Ok, 40 lbs of cheesecakes have been baked, decorated, and delivered! Now its time to put away the baking gear and break out some wine., Pfew! There is a pile of cakes cooling right now waiting to be decorated in the morning!, Sooo much baking today. In the kitchen all day prepping for holiday cakes, This is too good to keep to myself. Thought you all might enjoy: The American food section of a Berlin supermarket. http://youtu.be/ywCX6znxUWQ!, Trying to make understand sales tax as related to a bakery doing all delivery. Apparently these 2 factors make a big difference, Celebrating by going to the Harry Potter premier at midnight!, My vendor license has been approved! I will start selling cakes following the Thanksgiving weekend!, Prepping for the town managers meeting tonight. If all goes well, they will issue my vendor license: the last one I need for business!, The freezer is in successfully! Tomorrow is the town manager's meeting... and then opening night at Harry Potter!, Moving the freezer in today... wish me luck! I'll need it..., Went to my first auction today. Won the freezer I was bidding on. Pretty exciting! Moving it tomorrow will be the hard part, Town Manager's office got me on their 11/18 meeting! That's the last license between me and selling cakes! Get ready to order! www.7ate9bakery.com, Sadly, the Town Selectman's office can't get me on their meeting today. There is a slim possibility I'll be on the 18th meeting, otherwise its waiting until the 22nd. That's the last thing needed before we are selling cheesecakes! Glad its close either way!, Thank you to all who serve, both past and present, and for all the sacrifices you make., Melrose Health Department meeting all cleared and approved! Sadly, they didn't ask for my menus., I have my printed menus all ready. Not the prettiest but I'll stick to making cakes.  Heading out to propose in front of the Winchester Board of Health!  Wish me luck!, Passed the police interview with flying colors (why did that make me nervous?) and the lieutenant is excited to try my cheesecake!, Winchester Police Dept interviews all people applying for a new business. Heading down there now! This is a first..., Creating a menu to present to the Board of Health meeting tonight in Winchester., Our new website is up.  Check it out at www.7ate9bakery.com and let us know what you think., Making three cakes today. A Pumpkin Cheesecake, a Cookies-N-Cream, and my personal favorite, Peanut Butter Cup., Its Friday!  How about a cocktail?, Checkbook's getting some good use today. Vendor license, retail license and business license all filed!, Heading out to the Winchester health department to submit my retail application., Just added a picture of our Pumpkin Cheesecake to our album.  Its made with real, locally grown pumpkins and a gingersnap pecan crust.  Perfect for the holidays!, Decided not to wait for the contract to be completed before getting my license and starting to sell. Its getting too close to the holidays for comfort. Fingers crossed!, Finally got the Facebook Page together.  We'll be posting updates, coupons, and sales so don't forget to like us!, null)