List(A little bit of juice is what your body needs to round out the week! Happy Friday!!, Enjoy this beautiful spring day with a nourishing smoothie!, Have you been eating too much Easter candy?

Too much sugar throws off the PH balance of your body, this increases acidity and inflammation. Dark leafy greens are alkalizing to the body and helps to restore a healthy balance.
A detox is not just about eliminating toxins, it’s also about eliminating unhealthy behaviors, A green juice a day is all it takes to make a BIG change in your health., Hope you enjoy your Sunday!  We are closed in all locations today., null, Spring is a time for healing and growth, bringing life to its fullest blossom while sloughing off the heavier, more stationary winter month that slow us down. This, therefore, is the prime season for detoxification, & restoring optimal balance when we want to do what nature is doing: melt the freeze of winter and prepare for the liberation of Summer.  Spring represents new beginnings, perfect for cleansing the body and soul.  Have you scheduled your spring cleanse yet?  Shop now at nourishyoursoul.com, Despite the snow, we are celebrating the beginning of spring!!!, Happy Saturday!
Nourish your body, mind and soul with every sip!  #sipbysip, null, What's your mantra? What do you most desire? 

According to Wikipedia, a mantra is a sound, syllable, word or group of words that is considered capable of "creating transformation."   Repeating it aids in the manifestation.
Write it down, wear it, speak it, breathe it in as if its your reality and trust the universe is listening.  

You have the ability to change your thoughts and put your attention towards what you want to create.  Bracelet by MyIntent.org.  My word is believe., Happy Friday! Feeling juicy??
Start your weekend off right!
Our juices our loaded with vitamins, minerals and living enzymes that help you glow from the inside out!, http://susancabana.com/nine-ways-to-nourish-your-skin-from-the-inside-out/, Creating a big difference in your health and wellbeing starts with the smallest changes - like adding a GREEN juice each day., Let today be the day your love yourself enough to no longer just dream of a better life. Let it be the day you act upon it. – Dr. Steve Maraboli, Happy Friday!!!  Start your weekend off right.  Grab a cold pressed juice bursting with nature's goodness, essential for the proper functioning of every system in our body.  Cheers to good health and good times!, null, Charcoal is a huge agent for detox, cleansing, and assisting the healing process of the body, preventing/helping hangovers, helping with intestinal issues/food poisoning/gases. It also helps keep you sharp and focused. Add to it, lemon, maple, and lavender for maximum detoxification.

That’s exactly why we created our charcoal lavender lemonade. Drink it in, and let it take your detox levels to new places.

http://susancabana.com/superfood-spotlight-activated-charcoal/, Last day to take advantage of this promotion!!  Take a leap!!!, Happy Leap year!  We only get this extra day every 4 years.  What will you do with it??, Ever wondered what a top personal trainer at  BFX Studio and holistic nutrition coach eats for breakfast?  See what's on Jennifer Hanway"s breakfast table..., Our green juices are designed to infuse your body with goodness, support detoxification and provide energy for living your best life.

Add more greens into your life and harness pure energy to find space, feel healthy and balanced., Every 28 days your skin replaces itself. Your liver, 5 months. Your bones, 10 years. Your body makes these new cells from the food you eat. What you eat literally becomes you. You get a fresh canvas every 28 days.  You have a choice in what you are made of!  We can help you glow and feel new again, one sip and bite at a  time., null, One week left to share the love & glow!!, What is the largest organ in the body? What is one of the most important elimination organs in the body, playing a large role in daily detoxification?  The answer is your skin!

Have you tried dry brushing?  If you have not, you’re missing out on a simple routine that you can easily add into your morning before your shower or at night before bed. It has amazing benefits for the skin—that mega of organ of the body.  Give your body some love today!

http://susancabana.com/another-key-cleanse-tip/#more-159, The goal of resolutions is to become a better you!  This takes time!  So if you have had a set back, forgive yourself, let it go and get back on track!  Every day gives us an opportunity for a fresh start., Give your body some love today and take a bite out of our new pulp muffins!!  So yummy!  Trust me your body will thank you.
Nourish your soul #bitebybite, null, Celebrate this Valentine's day or any occasion with our healthy cocktail recipe!!, Did you know we now offer homemade granola with cashew cream?  

Great for a snack or breakfast.  Made with love, it is chock full of nutrient rich ingredients that will give you energy, radiance and will keep you perfectly satisfied.

Ingredients:  almonds, gluten free oats, cinnamon, allspice 
pink sea salt, maple syrup, vanilla, dates, coconut, goji berries and coconut oil.  

Give your body some love today and nourish your soul #bitebybite, We will be closing a bit early in all locations due to the weather.  Please call first to check before coming.  Be safe and warm., Need to reset after the Super Bowl weekend!
Every day gives us an opportunity for a fresh start.
It's a new day!, This starts with self love and investing in yourself. Your body is a powerful vessel and it's about taking ownership in how you take care of yourself. So give yourself some love, create the best you there is and when you do, it spreads to all parts of your life, Open your heart this February.

Our hearts are brilliant. They beat more than 100,000 times a day, delivering the essential oxygen, hormones, and nutrients (love) our cells need.  Our hearts are our guides, too. They teach us so much about ourselves. With every beat, our hearts remind us that we are both love and loved.  When we are completely immersed in and connected to our hearts, we find bliss.

Here are 6 of our favorite heart-opening yoga poses that will help you find bliss. We’ve paired each pose with a heart-centered contemplation. Choose the contemplation that resonates the most with you and let it be your guide this February.

http://susancabana.com/six-heart-opening-yoga-poses-and-contemplations/#more-187, Let's talk about love. We are not just talking about the relationships you have with others. We are also talking about the relationship you have with YOU! Loving yourself like you would your best relationship. Nourishing yourself so you can be comfortable in your own skin, celebrating who you are, deep down to your core. Knowing your body is a beautiful thing and treating it with love. When you do this you allow your light to shine and you inspire others to do the same. It’s about taking care of yourself and then sharing that love with the people you care most about. Nourish your Soul is committed to nourishing the body, creating healthy cells and bodies so you can glow from the inside out!

We will be offering ways to take care of yourself and your loved ones the entire month of February! Stayed tuned., When we think of dandelion greens, most of us picture a pesky summertime weed on our lawn. And yes, they certainly are that. But did you know they’re also a nutritional powerhouse—and a tasty one, at that?

Dandelion greens are a natural healer, with detoxing properties and loads of nutrients that are known for detoxifying the liver, acting as a diuretic for the body, promoting radiant skin, diminishing bloating, and helping bone health and weight loss.

Try it in our grapefruit green!

http://susancabana.com/superfood-dandelion-greens/, Let go of fear and negativity to allow something better to come along!, It's #nationalgreenjuiceday but we like to think every day is!
#drinkyourgreens
#makegreenroutine
#sipbysip, Nature's skittles! Taste the rainbow…
#sipbysip, Happy Saturday!, “You are more than your thoughts, your body, or your feelings. You are a swirling vortex of limitless potential who is here to shake things up and create something new that the universe has never seen.” Richard Bartlett

Make this year the best one yet and focus on YOU! Bring more of what nourishes your mind, body and soul and release the things that no longer serve you. Everything else just falls into place., Warm your soul today with a healthy version that can help ground you and keep you nourished!

http://susancabana.com/healthy-hot-chocolate/#more-200, Let you light shine today! 

"Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that." MLK, Congratulations!!!  The Club by George Foreman III voted the Best gym in Boston!!, Need to hit the reset button?

Gather a group of 3 or more friends or colleagues to cleanse and save 10% off the regular price. It's a fun and reliable way to keep yourself on track losing weight and staying healthy.

Cleansing & detoxification of your body should be a regular part of your life. It results in a greater sense of well being and it simply makes sense., Have you tried our super eggs?  Available in all three locations!

http://susancabana.com/eggs-turmeric-one-nutritionally-perfect-breakfast/#more-670, Everyday gives us an opportunity for a fresh start.
Restore. Rejuvenate. Repair.

Are you ready to transform?, Is one of your new year's resolutions to cut back on sugar?

Too much sugar throws off the PH balance of your body, this increases acidity and inflammation. Dark leafy greens are alkalizing to the body and helps to restore a healthy balance.
A detox is not just about eliminating toxins, it’s also about eliminating unhealthy behaviors, A green juice a day is all it takes to make a BIG change in your health. 
nourishyoursoul.com, Cleansing this week or thinking about cleansing? If you do one thing, this is it! Check out my blog for tips on getting the most out of your cleanse.

http://susancabana.com/key-tips-for-getting-the-most-out-of-your-cleanse/#more-109, You can start fresh with each moment. 
It's a breath. 
A choice. 
And along the way it's important to celebrate the simple things!, Before you start on New Year's resolutions that'll slip back into old bad habits, read this: 

http://susancabana.com/why-cleanse-and-why-right-now/, What seeds are you planting today to create an amazing 2016?, Have you scheduled your cleanse for the new year?  We have everything you need to get grounded and reset yourself! 

Step into balance this new year and focus on YOU! Bring more of what nourishes your mind, body and soul and release the things that no longer serve you. Everything else just falls into place.

Schedule today at https://nourishyoursoul.com/cleanses/., Happy New Year!, On new year's eve, take this time to reflect back on 2015 and set intentions for the new year.  It is an opportunity to look within and  find a way to be the best version of yourself.

Our new year's schedule:
We are closed today and tomorrow in all locations. Open Saturday in all locations with cold pressed juices and smoothies to start your year off right., The New Year is a great time to set intentions. After all, it’s about new beginnings, right? We start with a blank page waiting for us, ready to manifest the things that we want to improve on in the coming year. That’s our opportunity to look within, and to find a way to be the best self we can be.
http://susancabana.com/setting-intentions/#more-85, There is still time to complete your punchcard.
Be the best version of yourself by adding a green juice a day!!! Make greens routine to keep yourself balanced and glowing all year round.
Turn in your punchcard and get a $20 gift card and you will be entered to win a 3 day cleanse and more! #nourishholidayglowchallenge, Here's one superfood that's got your back for healthy, tasty snacking in the New Year -- cashews. Here's the whole deal on their deliciousness:

http://susancabana.com/superfood-cashews/, After all the treats this holiday season, how are you resetting yourself this week??, Another Soul Series hero, helping Bostonians to move more: Molly Powers of Powers of Healing Read all about her at: 

http://susancabana.com/soul-series-molly-powers/, HOLIDAY HOURS:
December 24th & 25th - closed in all locations (S Boston, Medford & back bay)
December 26th - closed in Medford only
Still time to grab your juices & gift card for that special someone!, We'll drink to that! Here's an easy-to-make, healthy & delicious holiday cocktail you can shake for a crowd or just yourself: 

http://susancabana.com/a-healthy-cocktail-for-the-holiday/, Need a last minute gift?  We have got you covered!, Our Soul Series continues, this time spotlighting personal trainer extraordinaire Jeff Lajoie. Let him get you jazzed for that weekend workout....

http://susancabana.com/soul-series-part-3/, For many of us, personal loss can be especially hard to handle during the holidays. Here's one poignant story of healing, and getting to a point of understanding that, “Everyone has their own journey through grief, but you have to go through it, not around it.” 

http://susancabana.com/moving-on-from-grief/, Why wait until the New Year to start eating healthier and taking care of yourself.  Every new day is an opportunity to create the life you want.  It's not about depravation, it is about adding in foods that help you feel vibrant. Grab a cold pressed juice or smoothie today and glow this holiday season!, Now at the midway point of the holiday season, it's a great place to pause and reset your body--give it the rest and care it needs to take you all the way through till the New Year with a few days of detox: http://susancabana.com/mid-holiday-detox/, Ready for this #holidayseason weekend? Treats will no doubt be a part of the festivities, but we've got a way for you to still eat happily and healthfully while celebrating. These easy, tasty & nutritious treats will keep you away from overindulgence: 

http://susancabana.com/healthy-holiday-treats/, Happy Friday!, Take a time out for a little sanity this holiday season! These grounding, calming yoga moves will help you let go and gain refreshing perspective:

 http://susancabana.com/holiday-sanity-calming-yoga-poses/, Purchase in any of our three locations or online at Nourish Your Soul, Want glowing, radiant skin this holiday? Here are 6 sustainable actions you can incorporate into your daily routine to get it: http://susancabana.com/6-tips-for-radiant-glowing-skin-2/, null, Just in time for the holiday season, we are bring back an all time favorite for a limited time!

Our cold pressed citrus blend is a combo of blood orange, grapefruit, cucumber and ginger. It revitalizes your body as it is packed with essential vitamins and minerals that promote a healthy and happy you. 

Blood oranges are rich in Vitamin C and have anti-inflammatory properties. Grapefruit helps in weight loss, prevents arthritis, helps lower cholesterol levels and is rich in Vitamins B and C. Ginger helps with digestion, promotes energy circulation and increases the body’s metabolic rate.  Come get yours today!!, Before we get too far into the frenzy of December, take a deep breathe and start a practice that will keep you calm thru the holidays: 

http://susancabana.com/just-breathe/, Hello December!  
Have you grabbed your punchcard yet?!!  There is still time.

Be the best version of yourself, why wait until Jan to reset your goals. Start with adding a green juice a day!!!  Make greens routine to keep yourself balanced and glowing this holiday season.

Get your punchcard today at one of our 3 locations. 30 green juices in 31 days. Turn in your punchcard and get a $20 gift card and you will be entered to win a 3 day cleanse and more! #nourishholidayglowchallenge, In honor of cyber monday, we have extended our black friday promo until midnight tonight!!!  Save 20 % on all products including gift cards., null, Happy Thanksgiving!!

So grateful for so many things in my life and for the wonderful support from all of our you!  Today and everyday, I hope that every moment is filled with love and gratitude!

Have a healthy and happy holiday!, Just a few days away from Thanksgiving now, which means your body needs green juice more than ever. Here's why, and here's what its detoxing power do, broken down by its most effective ingredients: 

http://susancabana.com/why-green-juice/, Thanksgiving holiday hours:
Wednesday:  closed at 2:00 pm in Medford, S. Boston and Back bay
Thursday:  closed in Medford, S. Boston and Back bay
Friday:  Open in S. Boston until 2:00, closed in Medford and Back bay.
Our regular hours resume on Saturday!

Have a healthy, happy and safe holiday!!!, When you drink green juice, what exactly are you doing for yourself and your life? What nutrients are you taking in, and what does our body do with them? Count all the benefits (and vital nutrients) with us now: 

http://susancabana.com/why-green-juice/, Happy (almost) Thanksgiving! As wonderful as the holiday is, it can be tough to get through all those indulgent holiday foods without going off the rails. Here are a few tips that truly work to keep yourself healthy and balanced:

http://susancabana.com/tips-for-staying-healthy-over-the-holiday/, Happy Monday!
It's the perfect time to plan out all the ways you will nourish yourself during the week. This week as we approach Thanksgiving, it's even more important.

It is important to find balance & grattitude, so that you can continue to feel good, happy, and vibrant.   Maybe it's grabbing a cold pressed juice, healing smoothie, practicing yoga, meditate, move your body and finding some time to relax before the festivities of this holiday week. 

Take time to set an intention of what your holiday season looks like, breathe and let go., Creating changes in your health and overall well being starts with small changes.  Be the best version of yourself, why wait until Jan to reset your goals.  Start with adding a green juice a day!!!  Make greens routine and feel the glow!

Get your punchcard today at one of our 3 locations. 30 green juices in 45 days. Turn in your punchcard and get a $20 gift card and you will be entered to win a 3 day cleanse and more! #nourishholidayglowchallenge, null, Our green goddess cold pressed juice is a combo rich in antioxidants, chlorophyll, powerful vitamins, enzymes and minerals that aid in digestion, fight inflammation and overall work to heal the body.  (Psstt...it's part of our #nourishholidayglowchallenge).  Join the challenge today!, What do dogs in transit, The Walking Dead & mind-blowing yoga have in common? David Vendetti at South Boston Yoga 

http://susancabana.com/fall-soul-series-david-vendetti/, Our holiday glow challenge starts today!
Make greens routine to keep yourself balanced and glowing this holiday season.
Get your punchcard today at one of our 3 locations.  30 green juices in 45 days.  Turn in your punchcard and get a $20 gift card and you will be entered to win a 3 day cleanse and more! #nourishholidayglowchallenge, 30 juices. 45 days. 1 big health goal and 1 great deal! Go for your best self this holiday, and take the #nourishholidayglowchallenge at www.nourishyoursoul.com

And learn more about why green juice is your health hero at:
http://susancabana.com/why-go-green/, Detoxing isn't just for the body; it can be an extremely helpful, positive part of how you think, move & organize your life. A few key tips for everyday cleansing: 

http://bit.ly/1NtkpD7, Sometimes the best way to get grounded is to do so literally--by physically connecting with the earth. Here are a few easy (and realistic) ways to do that throughout your day: 

http://susancabana.com/how-to-get-grounded-when-life-gets-crazy/#more-307, null, Ready to cook (and eat) something light, scrumptious, vegan-yet-creamy, and 100% seasonal? This weekend, whip up a batch of this easy-to-make, healthy pumpkin soup:

http://susancabana.com/healthy-vegan-pumpkin-soup/, Happy Friday!  
Let your light shine this weekend!, Our lean green has kale, spinach, pineapple, cucumber, turmeric, ginger and lime.

Rich in vitamin B and C, chlorophyll, anti-inflammatory properties, promotes digestion, energy circulation and increases the body's metabolic rate.  Try one today!  nourishyoursoul.com, Why is right now one of the key moments in the year to do a cleanse? Here's the skinny: 

http://susancabana.com/make-it-an-ever-green-holiday, Come over to the dark side: The biggest weapon in detoxing is also one of the tastiest! Find out more about the surprisingly huge benefits of our charcoal lavender lemonade: 

http://susancabana.com/superfood-spotlight-activated-charcoal/, As we get going into the holiday season, there's an easy way to keep yourself balanced and on track over the next few months -- green juice! Its mental and nutritional benefits are huge, and it'll be a huge boost in keeping you fueled and fit, so you can enjoy the season!

http://susancabana.com/make-it-an-ever-green-holiday/, Be hopeful.

"I haven't a clue as to how my story will end.  But that's all right, when you set out on a journey and the night covers the road, that's when you discover the stars."  -Nancy Willard, At nourish your soul, we don't believe in deprivation.....it's about balance. So enjoy your time with your kids, friends, family and candy!!

If you indulge a bit too much with the sweets tonight or over the weekend, just know that we are there first thing Monday am ready for you!!!

Have a happy, healthy halloween., null, The onslaught of heavy holiday meals is imminent... how are you going to combat it? By balancing it out with foods that healthfully and deliciously aid with digestion. Here are just a few to bring into your diet.

http://susancabana.com/healthy-helpers-delicious-foods-that-aid-with-digestion/, Be present., Jaime shares her experience on our new glow cleanse.  Learn more about her cleansing experience!

http://www.laviejaime.com/2015/10/cleansing-with-nourish-your-soul.html, Amy Coleman Yoga's dynamo Amy Coleman on turning her practice from exercise into self-expression: 

http://susancabana.com/fall-soul-series-amy-coleman/, What is a nourish your soul juice cleanse like?  Elissa's experience...

http://www.style-wire.com/2015/10/nourish-your-soul-juice-cleanse.html, Here it comes: a weekend-perfect dinner that'll fuel your body and your imagination this weekend. Dig in!, Happy Friday! This weekend, make magic happen!, Ready for the breakfast that will supercharge your day--and you? Swing by our Back Bay Heathworks locale this morning for this tasty powerhouse dish. And nope, you don't have to be a Heathworks member to get one (or reap its many benefits)....

http://susancabana.com/eggs-turmeric-one-nutritionally-perfect-breakfast/, Cleanse with friends!
Gather a group of 3 or more friends or colleagues to cleanse and save 10% off the regular price. It's a fun and reliable way to keep yourself on track losing weight, stay motivated and healthy.  

As we go into a new season, keep your body in balance.  Cleansing & detoxification of your body should be a regular part of your life. It results in a greater sense of well being and it simply makes sense.  #loveyourcleanse, Today's kick-butt athlete featured in our Fall Soul Series? The illustrious Ms. Eliza Shirazi of Kickit By Eliza. Catch some of her workout wisdom right here!

http://susancabana.com/fall-soul-series-eliza-shirazi/, Meet Jacqui Bonwell, yoga extraordinaire & the 1st subject of our Fall Soul Series!, Last day to save 10%!
Order any Nourish Your Soul cleanse by October 15th online, and use code CLEANSE10 and you’ll save 10%. Choose a 1- to 5-day cleanse at three different levels. Cleanses can be picked up at any of our three locations or delivered straight to your door.
https://nourishyoursoul.com/cleanses/, Superfood recipe alert! Give tonight's dinner a huge health boost with this quinoa dish--as easy to make as it is tasty...., Order any Nourish Your Soul cleanse by October 15th online, and use code CLEANSE10 and you’ll save 10%. Choose a 1- to 5-day cleanse at three different levels. Cleanses can be picked up at any of our three locations or delivered straight to your door., There's a right way and a wrong way to cleanse. And the difference is as simple and as, well... as *clear*, as what kind of water you drink!, Today make magic happen!, Talk about multitasking! Cleanse your body & save your cash--both at once with our 2 new (and discounted) cleanses...., We are excited to announce 2 new cleanses along with our signature nourish cleanse!!!  You now have more ways to detox, reset and glow from the inside out!!!  Shop them now at nourishyoursoul.com
 #sipbysip, #lovemycleanse, The perfect (and perfectly healthy) antidote to chilly weather: this soul-warming soup -http://susancabana.com/a-soul-warming-good-for-you-meal Here's how to make it for yourself tonight in under 30 minutes!, Physical, mental, and spiritual health are all connected, and you can improve your life by feeding the body with the proper nutrients, breathing a little bit more and finding a way to move your body. Happiness follows closely behind.

#sipbysip, #bitebybite, #breathbybreath, #momentbymoment, Due to a water main break at the George foreman gym, we will have limited hour at our S boston location. Thursday and Friday our hours are 8 am - 5 pm. Closed Saturday and Sunday. The gym will reopen Monday and we will resume our regular hours!  

Please see us at our other locations over the weekend!!, Have you eaten lunch yet? Come by Healthworks in Back Bay & try our delish & ultra-healthy new superfoods salad. Your body will thank you. And remember: You don't need to be a Healthworks member to come in!

http://susancabana.com/our-new-replenish-revitalize-salad/, null, Our grand opening at Healthworks in Back Bay (http://www.healthworksfitness.com) last night was a big success! Come by and check us out for lunch today -- We're open to the public!

http://susancabana.com/join-us-tonight-for-our-grand-opening/, Need a boost today?

National Coffee day today! Come celebrate with us! Stop by either location and enjoy 20% off today at any of our coffee drinks.  

Try our vanilla coffee, which is a delicious combination of our cashew milk and cold brew coffee from Chilmark Coffee Co.
Cashews contain zinc which acts as an aid in collagen production. Also high in essential vitamins and minerals providing potent antioxidants and a good source of copper, manganese, magnesium and fiber.

Makes a great post work out treat and a great alternative to a processed protein drink!  #healthy #nationalcoffeeday #sipbysip, null, Happy Friday!!
We hope your weekend is filled with love and light!! Enjoy!, The 1st day of fall (that's today, btw) requires plenty of apples. So does your body. Check out why...., Happy fall!!, Now that we're expanding and growing our community, it seemed like a great time to share more about who we are and what we believe. Our mission isn't just to make delicious, healthy cold pressed juices. (Although we do that, of course!) We're also out to help empower everyone to find a fresh start, to find balance in everyday life, and to take care of themselves in a sustainable way. Read on!, Every fall, you promise yourself change. And every fall, those promises eventually get forgotten. This year, that's not going to happen. And here's why...., Have you scheduled your fall cleanse??, Sunday is the perfect time to plan out all the ways you will nourish yourself during the week. 

Maybe it's grabbing a cold pressed juice, healing smoothie, practicing yoga, meditating, moving your body and/or finding some time to relax before the week.

Take time to set an intention, breathe and let go.

Happy Sunday!, Everyday gives us an opportunity for a fresh start.
Restore. Rejuvenate. Repair.

Are you ready to transform?, Happy Friday!!  
Let your light shine!!!, We've always been about fresh starts, and now we're about to get one of our own. Let's hear it for new beginnings...., http://boston.eater.com/2015/9/16/9338193/nourish-your-soul-expansion-healthworks-back-bay, You have an opportunity for a fresh start with each moment.   Back to school represents a clean slate.  Start new....one sip, bite, breath and moment at a time.  It's a choice., It feels like the start of fall out this morning! Kick autumn off right with this soul-warming detox soup for lunch or dinner: http://susancabana.com/detox-soup/, null, As we move into a  new season that offers us grounding energy, as we settle into routines and schedules, take this time to manifest what you want for yourself and your family.  
Create the best fall yet!, Now that we're back from our Labor Day celebrations, it's time to get down to the business of making this fall your best one yet. We've laid out the key steps that will set you on your way to balance, and great and positive change...., Happy Labor Day!!  Hope everyone is enjoying their day slowing things down and spending time with loved ones.  We are open tomorrow with fresh juices, smoothies and cleanses to get you back on track!!, You're almost there -- Labor Day Weekend is just hours away! (That is, if you haven't started it early... ) But before you jump into the celebrations, here are some key tips for helping your body thrive over the holiday: Happy Labor Day!, null, #backtoschool means taking care of everyone in your life--but also yourself! Here's a great way: http://nourishyoursoul.com, null, Back to school season means you need all the energy you can get. Chia is one of the best superfood sources out there -- find out all about it at http://nourishyoursoul.com/smoothies/

http://susancabana.com/superfood-chia/, Hope everyone savors the last days of summer!
We will be there for you next week to get you back on track!!

Labor day weekend hours:
We will be closed in Medford today.
Friday- Regular hours in both locations.
Saturday - 9:00 am - 1:00 pm in both locations
Sunday-closed
Monday-closed
Tuesday - Regular hours, This September, get back to you! 
This time of year can be incredibly busy, but remember: It's also an opportunity for your renewal. As you get back to your routine, make sure you're taking care of yourself as well you're taking care of everyone and everything else. Schedule time to move more, take a moment to breathe deeper, and add more greens to your body to flood it with vital nutrients. Let Nourish Your Soul help you do all of the above with a cleanse or cold-pressed juices., null, \Wayne Dyer, thank you for your inspiration and nourishing our souls with your wisdom. Peace, D.I.Y. trail mix = much healthier than store-bought. Here's how to mix it up: http://susancabana.com/go-nuts-for-national-trail-mix-day/, Grateful to be featured as best juice bar.  Thanks to The Boston Globe!!

http://www.bostonglobe.com/magazine/2015/08/29/best-juice-bars-boston/JaEiiRVX2s0b6uZKRgFN3J/story.html, null, Even people who aren't lactose-intolerant have a hard time digesting dairy milk--even if we don't know it's not being good to our bodies. Here's the reason why, plus a few very key tips on how to get your much-needed Vitamins D and calcium while still eating and drinking things that taste amazing...., My first ride at SoulCycle with Lexie Masiello and Emma Cabana.  Move your body, empower your kids.  Thanks Charlotte for an inspirational ride....When in doubt, one more breath, one more push.  In love., Dealing with dry end-of-summer skin? Here's how to rejuvenate it with an easy, subtle ritual:

http://susancabana.com/summer-skin-renewal/, Breathe in your intention, believe and let go!!  What dreams are creating today?, Happy to be sampling our juices at SoulCycle 
Take your journey. Change your body. Find your soul. 💛
#sipbysip #SOULsisters #nourishyoursoul, Giving your body a fresh start isn't just a smart move--it can also be a delicious one. These are the foods you need to eat and drink to do it...., Love is everywhere.  It's starts with yourself. Love yourself. Love your body. Treat it right.  With nourishment and movement, you will feel and look your best., Every day's a new day, and a chance for a brand new start. Start yours with this: http://susancabana.com/a-clean-slate-part-one/, Right now local tomatoes are sweeter, lusciously acidic & juicier than any other time of year. Read all about it *and* grab our fave recipe here: http://bit.ly/1NhyGHN, Want to live longer, and be happier for the whole long ride? It may just be as simple as saying "thank you" more often. Here's why: http://bit.ly/1IOl40f, Rainy days bring the blues--but the best kind! Here's why blueberries (and banana-blueberry smoothies) make the world go 'round: http://bit.ly/1Ja075i, You are what you eat.
nourishyoursoul.com #sipbysip, An absolute must-read before you make a break for your getaway: 

Making the most of the rest of your summer means finding that balance between letting yourself relax but also staying true to your best, healthy self. It isn't always easy, but here's how to do both.

http://susancabana.com/your-healthiest-happiest-vacation-yet/, Is there a better time then now for new beginnings?!, One Perfectly Chilled Out Recipe to celebrate National Watermelon Day, right here! http://susancabana.com/one-perfectly-chilled-out-recipe-for-national-watermelon-day/, One of the best ways to keep your cool this weekend: cukes! Grab this tasty recipe and make it happen:

http://bit.ly/1evrQA4, Don't let summer slip away without making the most of the rest of it! Here's how to pack (and cook) for a "power picnic": http://bit.ly/1gmk0K6, Ready for a juicy weekend BBQ? Make sure you know your meat before you fire up the grill! 

http://bit.ly/1LCiuQL, Happy Friday!, Never lose hope. Always know you are surrounded by love and miracles!, It's hot out there today!  Hydrate and replenish with a nutrient dense smoothie or juice!!, Thought you couldn't celebrate National Ice Cream Day while still staying healthy? Think again. Our easy-to-make cold-pressed juice popsicles have come to the rescue.

http://susancabana.com/national-ice-cream-day-the-healthy-version/#more-461, Cheers to the weekend!, Need a boost today?

Try our vanilla coffee, which is a delicious combination of our cashew milk and Cold Brew coffee from Chilmark Coffee Co.

Cashews contain zinc which acts as an aid in collagen production. Also high in essential vitamins and minerals providing potent antioxidants and a good source of copper, manganese, magnesium and fiber.

Makes a great post work out treat and a great alternative to a processed protein drink!, Did you overdo it just a tad over your July Fourth holiday celebrations? Don't sweat it; you're not alone. Here's how to get back on the road to moderation instead of beating yourself up about it.

http://susancabana.com/everything-in-moderation-even-excess/, Let us help you get through your Wednesday. Grab a juice to reset, repair & restart. You are halfway to the weekend!!, null, Have you been eating too much sugar?

Too much sugar throws off the PH balance of your body, this increases acidity and inflammation. Dark leafy greens are alkalizing to the body and helps to restore a healthy balance.

A detox is not just about eliminating toxins, it’s also about eliminating unhealthy behaviors, A green juice a day is all it takes to make a BIG change in your health.  nourishyoursoul.com, How do you nourish your soul?  For me it is surrounding myself with people I love...my kids, family, friends, beach...peace., Finding balance through eating locally and seasonally:
http://bit.ly/1HkoKbI, Need some tips on shining bright this summer?!!

Our guide to cleansing and eating healthier is now available. It includes 16 pages of nutrition tips, family friendly recipes and self care strategies. Everything you need to start down the road towards better health, inside and out!!!

Order today  http://nourishyoursoul.com/shop-nys/, Miracles happen everyday.  Plant some seeds and manifest your dreams!, Thanks Julia Paige Design Photography and Patrice Vinci for such a fun night!, Hope you had a fun filled weekend!  We have got what you need to get back on track!  nourishyoursoul.com, Don't overheat this summer! Here's how to stay cool + balanced the Ayurveda way: http://bit.ly/1IEr2oa, Revised weekend hours!!, The perfect way to celebrate the 4th of July! Your weekend just got a whole lot healthier., null, Get the barbecue fires ready for a healthy July 4th celebration - Here are some veggies that rule the grill, and here's how to make 'em: http://bit.ly/1FKZGq5 #sipbysip, Love always nourishes the soul!  #lovewins, Follow us on Instagram + use #nourishyoursouljuice  whenever you're doing something that nourishes your soul, drinking our juices/smoothies or visiting our shops and you could win a monthly prize! :) UN: @nourishyoursouljuice https://instagram.com/nourishyoursouljuice, Cash in on the nutritional value of cashews--our latest superfood spotlight!

http://susancabana.com/superfood-cashews/, Taste the rainbow #sipbysip
http://nourishyoursoul.com/juices/, We all have the ability to create healthy habits that are life transforming.  Remember anything is possible and you have the key!, null, "The most important thing in the world is family and love."  John Wooden.  

Happy Father"s Day!!!! We celebrate all that you do!, A Friday kind of recipe: one healthy summer salad worthy of the weekend! http://bit.ly/1evrQA4, Trust the process.  Trust and have faith that you are exactly where you are supposed to be.  Even if challenges face you, we sometimes have to fall before we fly.  Believe!, Our newest superfood's been brought to you courtesy of summer: dandelion greens! Check 'em out right here!, Have you been eating too much sugar?

Too much sugar throws off the PH balance of your body, this increases acidity and inflammation. Dark leafy greens are alkalizing to the body and helps to restore a healthy balance.

A detox is not just about eliminating toxins, it’s also about eliminating unhealthy behaviors, A green juice a day is all it takes to make a BIG change in your health., Physical, mental and spiritual health are all connected and you can improve your life by feeding the body with proper nutrients, breathing a bit more, and finding a way to move your body.  Everything else falls into place., Sometimes to recharge your mind and body, what you've got to do is give yourself a break and take a deep breathe. Read on., Come brighten your day with some sunshine in a bottle!  
Drink light.
Be light., Happy Friday!!!!, In honor of father's day next Sunday, show the men in your life some love with a nourish your soul cleanse, gift certificate or 4 pack!

Give the gift of glowing skin, strengthened immune system, elevated mood, mental clarity, increased energy and metabolism!!, Fear is what holds us back on the life we want to create.  You have everything you need!!  Remember how powerful you are.  You are limitless, radiant, powerful and full of love.  Choose to create the life you love.  Start with showing your self some love, taking care of the physical and everything else falls into place.  At nourish your soul, we are committed to nourishing your body by creating healthy cells, body and life.  Are you ready??, The season is changing so are our weekend hours:
Medford - Saturdays 9 am-3 pm
Boston - Saturdays & Sundays 9 am - 3 pm, Cuteness Alert! Here are 5 adorable ways to bring yoga into your child’s day!

http://susancabana.com/5-ways-to-incorporate-yoga-into-your-childs-day/, In appreciation to all our loyal customers for the past 3 years, please come celebrate with us today and enjoy $3 off on a purchase of $30 or more in our medford location!!, You know summer's here when the beets are back. Here they are, in their most delicious, nutritious forms!, Need some tips on shining bright this summer?!!  

Our guide to cleansing and eating healthier is now available.  It includes 16 pages of nutrition tips, family friendly recipes and self care strategies.  Everything you need to start down the road towards better health, inside and out!  

Order today http://nourishyoursoul.com/shop-nys/, Cheers to the weekend!!, We cultivate health so we can play, feel joy and soar. 

Start your weekend off right. Grab a cold pressed juice, booster or smoothie and nourish your cells. One sip and you are instantly giving your body something to celebrate….

Happy Friday!!, “As we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.” ~Marianne Williamson

Today let your light shine!!  There is no one that you have to be other than who you are.  Be the best version of you, know that you are beautiful and full of light!, Find out how to plant seeds, to create what you want, saying goodbye to winter and hello to your most radiant self!

http://susancabana.com/say-bye-to-winter-hello-to-your-most-radiant-self/, null, Hello June!!  

It might not feel like summer, but we are celebrating summer and bringing back our watermelon mint!!  So come grab this sweet treat that is hydrating and a nutritional powerhouse.  In stores today!  #sipbysip, Happy Sunday!  Hope you are slowing things down, relaxing and dreaming of possibilities!!

“People are capable, at any time in their lives, of doing what they dream of.”  Paulo Coelho, Alchemist, Happy Friday!  Start your weekend off right.

Chlorophyll found in all green plants and juices safely eliminates toxins on a cellular level while flooding the body with super rich minerals and nutrients.

Our cold pressed juices and cleanses also reset your body and help you crave healthier foods!!! 

Other benefits: glowing skin, a boost to your immune system, elevated mood, mental clarity, increased energy and metabolism. Order your juice or juice cleanse today...nourishyoursoul.com, Change will do you good! We know how difficult yet powerful it can be. Here's what you need to know in order to transform your body, heart, and mind., Our brand new guide to cleansing and eating healthier is here! It gives you everything you need to start down the road toward better health, inside and out.
In it, you'll find:
Tips on cleansing
Cleaning out your pantry
Foods that nourish your body
Recipes for clean eating
Get yourself one right here:

http://nourishyoursoul.com/shop-nys/, Today, we honor and thank all those that make great sacrifices for our freedom.  We hope you are having a wonderful weekend filled with family, friends and relaxation.  Enjoy all the indulgences that this weekend brings and we will have just what you need to help you get back on track!, null, Here they are: Two delicious adult libations for the upcoming holiday, which still deliver nutritional value & long-weekend happiness...., Physical, mental, and spiritual health are all connected, and you can improve your life by feeding the body with the proper nutrients, breathing a little bit more and finding a way to move your body. Happiness follows closely behind.

#sipbysip, #breathbybreath, #momentbymoment., This starts with self love and investing in yourself. Your body is a powerful vessel and it's about taking ownership in how you take care of yourself. So give yourself some love, create the best you there is and when you do, it spreads to all parts of your life., Please give a warm welcome to the latest addition to our juices family! Witness the magic of our brand new Matcha Milk! #lovemycleanse, Happy Monday!  Believe in possibilities.
 #mondaymantra, What could you achieve if you put fear aside?  If nothing was stopping you.  Miracles happen everyday.  Set your intention, believe and take Flight!! 

http://susancabana.com/the-flying-trapeze/#more-345, According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control, only 33 percent of American adults eat enough fruit each day and only 27 percent eat the recommended amount of vegetables. 

Juicing offers many amazing health benefits including a faster, more efficient way for the body to absorb immune boosting nutrients naturally found in fruits and vegetables.  

An easy way to increase your fruits and veggies is to...
drink your veggies!!!, Hope everyone had a great day yesterday!!!  Don't forget we are honoring moms for the entire month of May!!  #momsmonth

One excellent way is to give the gift of health: Help your mom or daughter to revitalize with juices, smoothies, or a cleanse: Bring her into one of our stores, purchase one of the above, and receive 20% off a second one. So with two purchases for each of you in-hand, you and she can be even healthier together!

Nutritional consultation: Come together or separately for a one-hour session on leading a healthier lifestyle. Together we’ll explore concerns specific to you and your body to discover the tools you need for a lifetime of balance, and also receive 20% discount.

Here’s to healthy moms everywhere!, Happy Mother's day!  Honoring all mothers today who have taught us strong values.  I’m grateful for the influence my mom has on me; it’s shaped and helped me grow into who I am today.

http://susancabana.com/what-my-mother-taught-me/#more-332, Summer is coming, are you ready?

Get ready the right way, with nourish your soul!
Chlorophyll found in all green plants and juices safely eliminates toxins on a cellular level while flooding the body with super rich minerals and nutrients.

Our juices and cleanses also reset your body and help you crave healthier foods!!! Other benefits: glowing skin, a boost to your immune system, elevated mood, mental clarity, increased energy and metabolism. Order your juice or juice cleanse today nourishyoursoul.com, http://susancabana.com/nourish-your-mom-celebrating-mothers-by-making-them-healthier/#more-327, Remember how powerful you are and the ability to start anew.  You have the ability to choose how you show up each day.  Allow your soul to shine!!  Making good choices to start your day can set the tone for the entire, day, week, month.  So grab a green juice, smoothie, or schedule your spring cleanse.  

At nourish your soul, we are committed to nourishing your body creating healthy cells, body and life.  nourishyoursoul.com, Happy 1st of May! Mention #lovemycleanse in your tweets or FB Posts anytime this month & you could win a $50 gift certificate!, Hello May!!

Happy Friday. Start your weekend off right!
Our juices our loaded with vitamins, minerals and living enzymes.

You are what you eat so be juicy, vibrant and alive., Feeling sluggish? Does your immune system need a boost?

For such a small fruit, lemons have tremendous healing powers and so good for your body! The possibilities are endless when it comes to using lemons and lemon juice on a daily basis to enhance, revive, heal, detoxify and more.
The two biggest are lemons’ strong antibacterial, antiviral, and immune-boosting powers and their use as a weight loss aid because lemon juice is a digestive aid and liver cleanser.
Lemons contain many substances--notably citric acid, calcium, magnesium, vitamin C, bioflavonoids, pectin, and limonene--that promote immunity and fight infection.

Found in our green juice, green ginger, get set, sweet green, beet blend, goddess, detox lemonade and our newest add to our cleanse our lemon water.  

http://nourishyoursoul.com/juices/, You have the power to choose exactly how you show up each day, every moment, with each sip, bite and breath. Choose to be the person who values their health.  It starts with self-love.  Loving who you are. When you nourish your body by drinking green juice,  choosing healthy foods along with mediation and movement, everything else falls into place...., “Look past your thoughts, so you may
drink the pure nectar of This Moment.”― Rumi, Congratulations to all the Universal Power Yoga cleansers for completing 4 days!  I hope you feel lighter, more energized and glowing!!  Cleansing helps your body get back to alignment with your spirit not just during your cleanse but beyond!  Take this opportunity to dig deep and not only clear your body clear your body and mind.

Each day offers you a clean slate and you have the chance to show up each day, each moment and each breath.  Believe in magic!  Let us know how you feel #Ilovemycleanse, So how's your springtime cleanse going, in preparation for warm weather? Give us your feedback here on Facebook or on Twitter (tag us @nourishyyoursoul and hashtag #springfittraining) and you could be featured on our website! http://bit.ly/1D6k4AH, When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.-- John Muir

Happy Earth Day!
Take a moment to ground yourself, connect to the earth, be grateful and live each day as earth day!, As we look back at yesterday—Marathon Monday—a day we share as one community and looked to find healing, I thought I would share my story in hopes that it can help all of us to add to that effort to heal...., We announced our Instaloop Giveaway winner last night! Loved joining up with the other boutique businesses to do this! Follow us on Instagram for future giveaways and more!, So you aren't one of the ones crossing the Boston Marathon finish line today? You're still a huge winner when you push yourself to meet your own goals. Join us at #springfittraining and be your best self (inside and out) when warm weather arrives!, Good luck to all the runners today!  You have worked hard, stay strong.  Sending love, light and strength to all.  One Boston!!!  Heal and nourish your soul with a juice or smoothie, receive 10% off., Introducing the Lean Green Bangle Machine! We had a great time at ALEX AND ANI Wellesley this morning for their Ladies Who Brunch event! <3, How does model Lauren Fitzgerald stay healthy?  One of the ways is sipping on a nourish your soul cold pressed juice!!

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2015/04/14/model-who-runs-marathon-has-train-and-eat-carefully/YetBhy7GJZcN41XNVlnPwM/story.html#skip-target1, Really excited to be sampling and selling our juices at Yoga Reaches Out. Will you be there? Be sure to let us know! #springfittraining #nourishyoursoul, null, We all want a superhero power in our corner for #springfittraining ...right? So consider the All Mighty Cucumber. Whether you sip it or eat it, if you're getting your body & mind in shape for warm weather, it's got your back., Want perfect spring skin? This exfoliation is your magic bullet: bit.ly/1yt0XQq #springfittraining, It's your lucky day! We've teamed up with 8 other boutique Boston businesses to give you some love on tax day and celebrate #onebostonday. Each business is giving away a prize! Check out our Instagram @nourishyoursouljuice to enter! Winners will be drawn for each business on Marathon Monday, so be sure to stay tuned!, Tell on FB how your #springfittraining is going (or tweet it to us at @nourishyoursoul) and you could win a free cleanse! We want to know what your experience has been so far this month, and how you're feeling. Good luck!, Really looking forward to sharing our juices at Alex and Ani's Ladies Who Brunch event on Friday in Wellesley from 10AM - 12PM! Join us and share your #springfittraining tips! http://susancabana.com/get-ready-for-warm-weather-this-month-with-the-springfittraining-campaign/#more-295, Got juice?
Thanks Where magazine for including us!, Here comes the sun (finally)! Get revved on this pretty Monday with #springfittraining and some key cleaning tips @ http://bit.ly/1CHqHZR, We can't always change the circumstances, but we can change ourselves.  Let go of old patterns in order to grow and be the best version of you!  Be daring.  Be fearless.  Be open. 
 #mondaymantra, It may not be a sunny today, but spring really IS just around the corner! Get revved for some major Vitamin D w/ us at http://bit.ly/1xtnOjM, Get moving! On your quest to get ready for spring with #springfittraining, use these tips! bit.ly/1ysWa1f, Regardless of what you may have going on in your life, places to go, to do lists, errands or deadlines, take the time to relax your mind, look for beauty, create magic and take everything in.

"Look past your thoughts so you may drink the pure nectar of this moment."- Rumi, Blood orange season coming to an end!  Come grab our Citrus Blend this week only!  Our citrus blend is a combo of blood orange, grapefruit, cucumber and ginger.  It revitalizes your body as it is packed with essential vitamins and minerals that promote a healthy and happy you. Blood oranges are rich in Vitamin C and have anti-inflammatory properties. Grapefruit helps in weight loss, prevents arthritis, helps lower cholesterol levels and is rich in Vitamins B and C. Ginger helps with digestion, promotes energy circulation and increases the body’s metabolic rate., Spend April #springfittraining & getting ready for warm weather! Follow us at bit.ly/1HWGzja, null, Ready, set, get a jump on your #springfittraining –sign up now at http://bit.ly/1HWGzja, Need motivation to for your next #springfittraining workout? Find it right here: bit.ly/1ab9ulE, With spring rushing straight for us, it’s time to limber up, and loosen up while you tighten up your physique. Here’s one great way; with our #springfittraining regimen, happening throughout April. Get started with these fantastic yoga workouts: bit.ly/1EUYIHK. And while you’re at it, sign up to receive our newsletters and blog tips at bit.ly/1HWGzja., Hope you indulged over the weekend and enjoyed time with family and friends.  Now it's time to reset and nourish your body with love.  Have you scheduled your spring cleanse?, Hope you have a wonderful Easter weekend.  We are closing early today at 3:00.  We are closed tomorrow in both locations.  Will be open Monday to reset, restore and repair!, Ready, set, get a jump on your #springfittraining –sign up now at bit.ly/1HWGzja and to get started with us, as we spend the month of April motivating you to be your happiest, healthiest self!, Your best shape (inside and out) is around the corner. Get ready for #springfittraining! Our Happiness/Healthiness Challenge starts today: Follow us on Twitter at @nourishyoursoul and sign up at bit.ly/1HWGzja …and get ready to get in tiptop condition!, Here are some self-love actions to nourish your inward self back to your roots.

http://susancabana.com/cleansing-tip-part-3-journaling/, This week try our carrot ginger RAW soup - carrots, shallots, miso, garlic, ginger, coconut water, cold pressed orange juice and cumin.

Carrots are rich in carotenes, vitamin A, B, C & minerals.  Oranges for immune boosting C and anti-oxidants.  Coconut water to hydrate and replenish.  Ginger and Garlic for digestion, antibiotic effects, increase metabolism and detoxification.  

Soup is a great transition out of a cleanse or when you looking for the healing powers of soup., Be on the lookout for our mini mantra eggs this week! We're giving away a free 1-day cleanse and a bunch of free juices and smoothies (positive mantras, too!) at both of our stores (you just have to pick the right egg!), It's never too late!  #mondaymantra, Deepak and Oprah are halfway through their free 21-day meditation experience and you still have time to join them and start meditating today! They designed “Manifesting True Success” for us to seek our true nature and discover our path to health and happiness. During the meditation, listeners discover their soul’s purpose and knowledge to create a life in which all things are within reach. 

If you are currently participating in a cleanse, I highly recommend signing up for this opportunity! 

Do you meditate? How does it help you? Take a few minutes to sign up for the free 21-day meditation experience and let me know what you think!, Why you need this superfood this season?
http://susancabana.com/superfood-bee-pollen-2/#more-280, Our mission, Very excited to announce that we are now serving nourishing raw soups.  Come try our broccoli & spinach detox soup this week.  Chock full of nutrients, combining broccoli, spinach, garlic, lemon, onion, filtered water and sea salt.  Raw soups provide you all the nutrients that are usually cooked away, loaded with fiber to keep you full and nutrients are easily assimilated by the body.  Soup is a  great transition out of a cleanse or when you looking for the healing powers of soup., Have you scheduled your spring cleanse?  Few days left to sign up for our ROOTs cleanse which includes our 3 day cleanse and everything you need to get grounded!  

Step into balance this season and focus on YOU! Bring more of what nourishes your mind, body and soul and release the things that no longer serve you. Everything else just falls into place.

Schedule today at nourishyoursoul.com., "It’s not selfish to love yourself, take care of yourself, and to make your happiness a priority. It’s necessary.", Ready for spring?  Check out our latest blog on tips to how to lighten up for the season!

http://susancabana.com/tips-for-transition-to-springtime-foods/#more-245, Hope to see u today!!, “Your body is precious. It is your vehicle for awakening. Treat it with care.” Buddha, Excited about our NEW March "Get Back to Your Roots" Cleanse! 

We've brought together all of the elements that you need to get grounded this spring! Yoga, meditation, food, natural body products, and more! Sign up today: http://nourishyoursoul.com/roots/, I am limitless.  #mantra, #inspiration, Spring is so close!   Find out why adding root vegetables improve your physical well being, but improve your mental health as well. 

http://susancabana.com/straight-from-the-earth-the-real-reason-root-veggies-rule/#more-237, Happy St. Patrick's Day!
We are giving you one more reason to go go green.
Come celebrate with us today and receive 10% off any of our revitalizing green juices, our newest green milk or our green glow smoothie., Thanks WellandGoodNYC.com for including us in your Boston Healthy City Guide.

http://cityguide.wellandgood.com/boston/nourish-your-soul/?referrer=0&back_button_name=Editor%27s+Picks&referrer_link=http%3A%2F%2Fcityguide.wellandgood.com%3A80%2Fboston%2Fcategory%2Fjuice%2F, null, Happy Monday!

Let today be the day you create the life you want.

Our juices our loaded with vitamins, minerals and living enzymes.

You are what you eat so be juicy, vibrant and alive., It's Sunday, a great day to slow things down.

If you’re always racing to the next moment, what happens to the one you’re in? — Unknown, “You are more than your thoughts, your body, or your feelings. You are a swirling vortex of limitless potential who is here to shake things up and create something new that the universe has never seen.” Richard Bartlett, "One hundred percent pure, raw green juices sit alongside fruit concoctions and satisfying milks, all loaded with vitamins, minerals and antioxidants.", Excited to be sampling our juices and nut milks today with Boston Magazine at the Go Red For Women - American Heart Association luncheon today at the Sheraton Boston Hotel. Will we see you?!, This spring, get grounded. Reset, detox and release what no longer serves you. As we enter this annual time of renewal, we are excited to offer a Nourish Your Soul Guided “ROOTS” Cleanse. It's our 3 day cleanse plus everything your body needs to reset & feel lighter, centered and balanced. http://nourishyoursoul.com/roots/, We have combined a powerhouse superfood with our yummy almond milk to create our newest drink....GREEN MILK.

Kale takes our protein-rich almond milk and kicks it up a notch with an infusion of calcium, iron, vitamin A, K and C and chlorophyll.  Rich in antioxidants that can protect against various cancers and help lower cholesterol levels, kale eases lung congestion and is beneficial to the stomach, liver and immune system.  Combined with our almond milk, made with filtered water, almonds, fiber-rich dates and sea salt, for protein, minerals, detoxifying vitamin E, potassium and iron., "Look at a tree, a flower, a plant. Let your awareness rest upon it. How still they are, how deeply rooted in Being. Allow nature to teach you stillness.” - Eckhart Tolle 

We hope you enjoy this beautiful Monday!, Why you need this superfood in your diet...

http://susancabana.com/superfood-of-the-month-kale/#more-223, Wellness is the integration of body, mind, and spirit—the appreciation that everything you do, think, feel, and believe has an impact on your state of health.  

Remember how powerful you are and the ability to start anew. Each day offers you a cleans slate and you have the choice of how you show up each day, each moment, each breath. At nourish your soul we are committed to nourishing your body by creating healthy cells, body and life., Ever wonder what to eat post cleanse or while dining out?  

http://susancabana.com/post-cleanse-dinner-options-5-boston-restaurants-that-serve-nourishing-food/#more-214, This spring, get grounded. Reset, detox and release what no longer serves you.  As we enter this annual time of renewal, we are excited to offer a Nourish Your Soul Guided “ROOTS” Cleanse.  It's our 3 day cleanse plus everything your body needs to reset & feel lighter, centered and balanced.  http://nourishyoursoul.com/roots/, A new day, new week, new month.  Everyday represents an opportunity for a fresh start!  #mondaymantra, Two new reasons to cleanse?
It just got even better! We've added two more big reasons to get going on a cleanse, stat. 

Hint #1: They’re both about upping your health, beauty, and happiness.
Hint #2: They’re also a serious money-saver.

http://nourishyoursoul.com/cleanses/, There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. ~Albert Einstein, Here's what you need to know about this healing superfood...

http://susancabana.com/superfood-of-the-month-ginger/#more-205, null, Stay warm & nourished with this healthy version of an all time classic!

http://susancabana.com/healthy-hot-chocolate/, Take flight! #mondaymantra, Experience the powerful benefits of turmeric today!  Try a turmeric shot or one of our two cold pressed juices, lean green and tropical cleanser.

http://susancabana.com/superfood-spotlight-turmeric/#more-141, http://susancabana.com/healthy-snacks-to-get-you-through-this-winter-week/, null, Baby it's cold outside!  In honor of president's day, surviving the latest blizzard AND to show you some LOVE....

Come in at either location TODAY and get 25% off a cold pressed juice.

Repair, rejuvenate and reset with a nourishing juice and give your body the calm & love it needs!, Happy Valentine's Day!

Love is in the air and that is why it is so important to love yourself, your body & your health this month.  February is the month of LOVE!

Grab a cold pressed juice today and nourish your body with LOVE! Also check out our latest blog on 6 of our favorite heart-opening yoga poses that will help you find bliss.  The perfect combination to feel connected, vibrant and centered.

http://susancabana.com/six-heart-opening-yoga-poses-and-contemplations/#more-187, "love bravely, love without borders or fear. follow your heart no matter the cost. no matter the cost."  Tyler Knott Gregson, With Valentine's day around the corner, we hope you are giving yourself some love this week! 

Read our latest blog on the magic of “pink milk” and beet juice. Beets have extremely cleansing and detoxifying powers, and their juice is a Godsend, both pre- and post-workout. Here are just a few reasons why:

http://susancabana.com/never-skip-a-beet/#more-178, We will be closed in our Medford location today.  We have a delayed opening in Boston.  But we are making fresh juice!  If you can safely get to Boston we hope to see you for a healing juice or smoothie!

And always remember....

"Wherever you go, whatever the weather, always bring your own sunshine.", null, We would do well to slow down a little, focus on the significant, and truly see the things that matter most. ~Dieter F. Uchtdorf

Mother nature has a way of forcing us to slow things down.  Chose to surrender and appreciate it.

We are closed today.  Please check back with us for an update.
Stay warm and safe!!!, Grounding is incredibly important. It helps us build the foundation that supports us to create, grow, and ultimately, to bloom.  Our latest blog post provides you ways to ground yourself when you are feet unbalanced....

http://susancabana.com/getting-your-midwinter-balance/#more-163, Life is about balance.  Try letting go...., Introducing our new Pink Milk for a limited time!  It is a delicious combination of nutrient-packed beet juice and almond milk.  Almond milk which is loaded with protein, minerals and detoxifying Vitamin E, and beet juice which enhances blood, supports the kidney, builds stamina and improves focus.”  The bonus?  It's delicious, nutritious and a beautiful shade of pink!, We are open today with fresh cold pressed juices to warm your soul...., Hope you are taking time for yourself today!!  February is the month of LOVE, so show yourself some self LOVE by added this simple routine into your day.

http://susancabana.com/another-key-cleanse-tip/#more-159, We have limited hours today so please call before heading over!  We will have fresh juices for tomorrow!! Stay safe & warm., Looking for last minute healthy dish for tonight!!
Go Pats!!!

http://susancabana.com/the-superbowl-underpass-heres-the-vegi-chili-that-may-just-kick-all-meat-chilis-butts/#more-155, 9 ways to nourish your skin from the inside out....

http://susancabana.com/nine-ways-to-nourish-your-skin-from-the-inside-out/#more-151, Bring Home A Football Team of Juices!  

In celebration of the Patriots advancing to the Super Bowl, come in today or tomorrow at Nourish Your Soul and bring home an 11-pack of delicious cold-pressed juices for just $100 (~10% discount) - one for every player on the field!  

If the Patriots win Super Bowl XLIX on February 1, 2015, come back in and take home one more juice on us.  

11 juices must be purchased between by 1/30/15 to receive 1 additional complimentary juice; valid only if Patriots win Super Bowl XLIX; must be redeemed in person at Nourish Your Soul South Boston or medford between 2/2/15-2/6/15.  

Go Pats!, We are open in both locations!  Hope you have finished digging yourself out.  Once you do, come by today and... 
Restore.  Revitalize.  Repair., Hope you took advantage of this snow day by finding time to nourish yourself.  Check out my new blog for tips on everyday cleansing...
Also, will be updating you in the am on tomorrow's hours at each location!

http://susancabana.com/everyday-cleansing-the-key-to-health-throughout-the-year/#more-138, Due to inclement weather, and to ensure the safety of our employees, we will be closed tomorrow in both locations.  Please check back with us for Wednesday hours.

Stay healthy, warm and safe!, Due to inclement weather, and to ensure the safety of our employees, we will be closed today in Medford.  Our boston location will be open.

Stay healthy, warm and safe!, Day 3 for Universal Power Yoga cleansers!  You are halfway there.  Hang in there!  The results are some great stuff: Things like an immune system boost; a healthy glow on your skin; promotion of weight management and loss; an increase in energy and in mental clarity.  Drinking cold pressed juice floods your body with vitamins and minerals while gently washing away all the things that no longer serve you. Cleansing also resets your body and helps you crave healthier foods.  All of this leaves you feeling lighter, more clear-headed, and sets you up in a big way to be stronger in tackling all of your next goals.

So proud of Jen merola palmer for what she has created and for sharing her gift with the UPY community and beyond.  Thanks to all of her students who are participating in this group cleanse.  Trust me, your body will thank you!, Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King Jr., Transitioning out of a cleanse?  
Check out an ideal meal for your post cleanse transition...

http://susancabana.com/recipe-an-ideal-meal-for-your-post-cleanse-transition/#more-126, Need a boost today?

Try our vanilla coffee, which is a delicious combination of our cashew milk and cold brew coffee from Chilmark Coffee Co..

Cashews contain zinc which acts as an aid in collagen production. Also high in essential vitamins and minerals providing potent antioxidants and a good source of copper, manganese, magnesium and fiber.

Makes a great post work out treat and a great alternative to a processed protein drink!, #mondaymantra
Put aside the doubts & old habits that no longer serve you and dig deep to make the changes to achieve the life you deserve., Cleansing this week or thinking about cleansing?  If you do one thing, this is it!  Check out my blog for tips on getting the most out of your cleanse.

http://susancabana.com/key-tips-for-getting-the-most-out-of-your-cleanse/#more-109, This year we release all thoughts based in fear.  Trust yourself that you can fly...., Thinking about cleansing to kick off the new year?

http://susancabana.com/why-cleanse-and-why-right-now/#more-95, As we approach the first full week of the new year, a little reminder about living a life of happiness.  #love  #grace #gratitude, Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end. Today we begin 2015. It's time to clean the slate!!

Set intentions and create all that you desire to make 2015 the best year yet!!!  It's a new year, new you. 

Add nourish your soul to your list of intentions...
For Beauty. Healing. Energy. Life. Strength. Clarity. Balance.

Our cold pressed juices and cleanses are nourishing, building, cleansing, and detoxifying.

Start your year off powerful, balanced and aligned with nutrients that make you feel amazing!, Cheers!!  Enjoy your new year's celebrations!!

http://susancabana.com/a-healthy-buzz-for-the-new-year/#more-88, Have you set your intentions for the new year? 

http://susancabana.com/setting-intentions/#more-85, What will you let go of as we move into 2015?, Why wait for the new year to start eating healthier!  Give your body some love!!  Order your juices or book your cleanse today...
www.nourishyoursoul.com, Wishing you a healthy, happy & peaceful Christmas!
Hope your day is filled with what truly matters!, Just Breathe.....

http://susancabana.com/just-breathe/#more-79, null, Need a gift this holiday season??
Give the gift of health, wellness, and NOURISHMENT to someone you love.  Shop our gift cards, cleanse packages and our special Healthy Body Inside-and-Out Gift Package.  
http://nourishyoursoul.com, A little reminder to take care of yourself this holiday season!, I am so excited to partner with healthy beauty store FOLLAIN.  We invite you to join us for two special in-store holiday shopping events.  Enjoy snacks, sips, sampling, health and beauty tips, and a chance to purchase and WIN the exclusive Nourish Your Soul and Follain Healthy Body Inside-and-Out Gift Package, a thoughtful gift for that mindful person on your list or the perfect gift for yourself to get your New Year started off right!  

Nourish Your Soul South Boston - Tuesday, December 16th, 5 - 7 p.m 
15 Channel Center Street Boston, MA
 
Follain Wellesley - Wednesday, December 17th, 3-5 p.m.
50 Central Street Wellesley, MA  

To learn more about the package...
http://nourishyoursoul.com/specials/, It's back......, null, null, Did you know we have 5 cold pressed GREEN juices to chose from?  
Variety includes - green, grapefruit green, green goddess, lean green and get set.  

Each green juice includes Kale, a nutritional powerhouse.  

Kale is an excellent source of calcium, iron, vitamin A, K & C and chlorophyll. It eases lung congestion and is beneficial to the stomach, liver and immune system.

Kale is rich in antioxidants which can protect against various cancers, can help lower cholesterol levels and is an anti-imflammatory food. So many good reasons to add kale to your diet!!!, We are open today. 
Come grab a cold pressed juice or smoothie. 
De-tox.
De-bloat.
De-stress.

Trust us...your body will thank you!!, Wishing you and your families a very Happy Thanksgiving.  
So grateful for all of you!!!  Today and everyday, let's find time to appreciate all the blessings that surround us.  Enjoy!, null, null, Sunday night is the perfect time to plan out all the ways you will nourish yourself during the week.  This week as we approach Thanksgiving, it's even more important.

Maybe it's grabbing a cold pressed juice, healing smoothie, practicing yoga, moving your body and/or finding some time to relax before the festivities of this holiday week.

Take time to set an intention, breathe and let go.

Happy Sunday!, We hope your weekend is filled with love and light!!  Enjoy!, Cold and flu season is upon us.  Nourish your body the natural way.

Pineapples contain a powerful enzyme called bromelain which acts as an antioxidant to reduce inflammation and swelling of the sinuses. It eliminates bacteria and fights infections.

Pineapples also contain vitamin C, a good source of vitamin A, thiamin, riboflavin, vitamin B-6, folate, pantothenic acid, magnesium, manganese and potassium, which are all essential nutrients that strengthen your immune system and soothe a sore throat or cough.

Found in our Tropical Cleanser, ppm, lean green and green goddess juices!, Chlorophyll found in all green plants and juices safely eliminates toxins on a cellular level while flooding the body with super rich minerals and nutrients.

Our cold pressed juices and cleanses also reset your body and help you crave healthier foods!!! 

Other benefits: glowing skin, a boost to your immune system, elevated mood, mental clarity, increased energy and metabolism. Order your juice or juice cleanse today!, null, 100% pure goodness, no additives, just fresh, raw cold pressed juice..., null, Honoring our Veterans today.  We appreciate all the sacrifices made to serve our country and protect our freedom.  

A portion of our sales today will be donated to the Homebase Yoga benefit for Veterans, in honor of all our Veterans., null, So honored to be part of this amazing event. Hope you can make it to the event today, make a donation or please join nourish your soul on Veteran's Day, November 11th in one of our locations to support our Veterans. A portion of our proceeds will be donated to this Yoga benefit for Veterans. Thank you Jacqui Bonwell for all you do!!!

https://fundraise.massgeneral.org/activity/mass-general-hospital2/2014-h-o-mebase-yoga-benefit-for-veterans, I am learning every day, to allow the space between where I am and where I want to be to inspire me and not terrify me. ~Tracee Ellis Ross, Bring a little light into your day..., Did you know romaine is an excellent source of vitamin such as A, Bs, C, K and folate?

Romaine's vitamin C and beta-carotene content make it a heart-healthy green. Vitamin C and beta-carotene work together to prevent the oxidation of cholesterol. 

One head of romaine provides 16% of your daily water needs with about 20 ounces of water per head!

Also one head of romaine contains 44% RDA of Omega-3 essential fats. 

Enjoy it in our green goddess and green juice!, Take time to nourish your beautiful self and know that each day gives us the opportunity for a fresh start., Great to be part of Follain's open house to celebrate the launch of their Wellesley store.  We love their philosophy and hope you check it out!!!
http://shopfollain.com/pages/about-follain, Hope everyone enjoyed their Halloween! If you overindulged with too much candy, know it's never too late to get back on track!!! Give your body what it needs.

Try a juice cleanse or detox with one of our nourishing juices!!!!, At nourish your soul, we don't believe in deprivation.....it's about balance.  So enjoy your time with your kids, friends, family and candy!!

If you indulge a bit too much with the sweets tonight or over the weekend, just know that we are there first thing in the am ready for you!!!

Have a happy, healthy halloween., Fruits and veggies pave the road to happiness! It has been identified as a vital key to mental well-being.

A University of Queensland study suggests eating eight or more portions of fruit and vegetables a day not only leads to better physical health but improves mental well-being.  

Make it easy and drink your fruit and veggies!!!  Each cold pressed juice contains as much as 4-6 lbs!

http://medicalxpress.com/news/2014-10-fruit-veggies-pave-road-happiness.html, Kale is an excellent source of calcium, iron, vitamin A, K & C and chlorophyll. It eases lung congestion and is beneficial to the stomach, liver and immune system.

Kale is rich in antioxidants which can protect against various cancers, can help lower cholesterol levels and is an anti-imflammatory food. So many good reasons to add kale to your diet!!! 

Kale is found in our green, grapefruit green, lean green, green goddess and our newest get set juice! 

Grab one today…, null, Drinking cold pressed juices full of chlorophyll and other vital nutrients  we nourish our body!

Once we clear out the chemicals, the additives, the build-up, the toxins, we can begin to transform ourselves on many levels (emotional, physical and mental).

Take the step to release what no longer serves you!
Schedule a cleanse or grab one of our green, grapefruit green, lean green, green goddesses or our newest get set juice!!!, null, null, Have you tried our lean green juice?
Kale, spinach, pineapple, cucumber, turmeric, ginger and lime. 

One of the healing ingredients found in this juice is turmeric.

It has been reported that turmeric has over 500 health benefits and it may positively modulate over 700 gene expressions in the body!

Turmeric long known for its anti-inflammatory properties, recent research has revealed that turmeric is a natural wonder, proving beneficial in the treatment of many different health conditions from cancer to Alzheimer's disease. Is a natural liver detoxifier, may aid in fat metabolism and help in weight management and allergy symptoms. Has been proven to ease arthritic pain and promote increased flexibility., You have a choice in what you are made of…., Happy Friday!  Hope you time to nourish your soul this weekend!!, Have you had your juice today? 

Our cold pressed juices taste delicious plus have powerful nutrients to heal and revitalize you from the inside out! One sip and you are instantly giving your body something to celebrate., Everyday gives us an opportunity for a fresh start. 

Restore.  Rejuvenate.  Repair.  

Are you ready to transform?, null, null, Fuel your body, feed your cells!, Have you been eating too much sugar?  

Too much sugar throws off the PH balance of your body, this increases acidity and inflammation. Dark leafy greens are alkalizing to the body and helps to restore a healthy balance.

A detox is not just about eliminating toxins, it’s also about eliminating unhealthy behaviors,  A green juice a day is all it takes to make a BIG change in your health., null, National Coffee day today!  Come celebrate with us!  Stop by either location and enjoy 10% off any of our coffee drinks., null, null, Fall is here!

Fall is a great time to detox your body with a cleanse or by adding juices to your diet.

Cleansing seasonally allows your body to harmonize with nature while rejuvenating your balance and well being - naturally.

Cleansing helps to stave off seasonal colds, keep your immune system healthy, and prepare your organs for the colder months ahead. 

Your transformation begins with you!

To order....nourishyoursoul.com, Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Gill family and our Winchester community.  Sending light, healing and lots of love., Happy Friday!  Feeling juicy??  

Start your weekend off right!

Our juices our loaded with vitamins, minerals and living enzymes., What are you doing today to nourish yourself?, Cleansing this week?  Drink half your weight in ounces of water!!!

It is important everyday to keep the fluids flowing, but even more so during your cleanse!!!, null, As you head into the weekend, I hope you find the time to replenish yourself with something that makes you happy!!!, Let today be the day you create the life you want! 

Have you scheduled your fall cleanse yet?? 

Cleansing seasonally allows your body to harmonize with nature, boosting your immune system and rejuvenating your balance and well being - naturally.

Drinking cold pressed juice floods your body with vitamins and minerals while gently washing away all things that no longer serve you.

This allows space for a fresh start. If not now, then when??, Last night was the Harvest Moon — the biggest and brightest full moon of the year

This moon has special significance. For farmers it marks the end of the summer harvesting season. It is a time of abundance, a time to spend with family and friends, and a time to harvest the results of the hard work put into the spring and summer growing seasons. 

The significance of the harvest moon doesn’t just apply to farmers. Most of us don’t grow crops but we all grow and nourish other things that are important in our lives: dreams, ideas, relationships, love, family and children, work, passion… This is a time to slow down our frantic outward activities, rest, and reflect inward on our life’s journey so that we can continue to stay on our golden path. (credit - Henry Jun Wah Lee, physician of Chinese medicine)

Take this time to set your intentions!  This is also a great time to schedule a cleanse, when things are shifting.  A time to nourish your body, let go of things that no longer serve you and reconnect with yourself!, null, null, null, This time of the year represents new beginnings.  There are many shifts that take place from the weather, kids back to school, back from vacation or you are back into a routine.  

Get back on track with a detoxing juice, smoothie or schedule a cleanse at nourishyoursoul.com., Hello September!!  Hope you had a wonderful weekend!  We are open tomorrow with fresh juices, smoothies and cleanses.  
#restore #reset #reboot, null, Need a boost today?

Try our vanilla coffee, which is a delicious combination of our cashew milk and cold brew coffee from Chilmark Coffee Co.

Cashews contain zinc which acts as an aid in collagen production. Also high in essential vitamins and minerals providing potent antioxidants and a good source of copper, manganese, magnesium and fiber.

Makes a great post work out treat and a great alternative to a processed protein drink!, Summer is not over yet!

What is more refreshing and nutritious than sipping on our watermelon mint....

Vitamin A found in watermelon is important for optimal eye health and boosts immunity. 

Vitamin B6 found in watermelon helps the immune system produce antibodies. Antibodies are needed to fight many diseases. 

Vitamin C in watermelon can help to bolster the immune system's defenses against infections and viruses and can protect a body from harmful free radicals that can accelerate aging.

Also chock full of arginine, an amino acid that one study shows enhances fat oxidation and boosts lean muscle., null, Nourish your soul now available @TheArsenalSheds home of @athenalhealth. Wednesday and Fridays 10-12 pm. Come grab a juice or smoothie!, Replenish today with our green glow, the smoothie of the month and receive 10% off. Get your glow on!!, null, Come sample some juice tonight!!

Join RYB for a healthy Happy Hour in Independence Square Park!

http://radiantyogaboston.com/events/happy-hour-yoga-in-the-park/, Physical, mental, and spiritual health are all connected, and you can improve your life by feeding the body with the proper nutrients, breathing a little bit more and finding a way to move your body.  Happiness follows closely behind.
 #sipbysip, #breathbybreath, #momentbymoment., null, Pineapples have great detox benefits for the body!  They contain bromelain, which aids in digestion and lowers inflammation. 

Enjoy it in our ppm, tropical cleanser and lean green.  Trust me, your body will thank you!!!, August hours:

Our medford hours will be changing for the rest of August.  
Monday - Friday:  7 am - 3:30 pm and Saturday:  9 am - 3:30 pm.
Our boston hours will stay the same.  Monday - Friday: 6 am - 8 pm and Saturday & Sunday:  9 am - 4 pm., null, Happy Watermelon day!!!

Did you know that watermelon juice is a powerhouse of nutrients?

Vitamin A found in watermelon is important for optimal eye health and boosts immunity. 

Vitamin B6 found in watermelon helps the immune system produce antibodies. Antibodies are needed to fight many diseases. 

Vitamin C in watermelon can help to bolster the immune system's defenses against infections and viruses and can protect a body from harmful free radicals that can accelerate aging.

Also chock full of arginine, an amino acid that one study shows enhances fat oxidation and boosts lean muscle.

Come comebrate today by grabbing one today in our S. boston location!!, nourish your soul was recently a victim of a cyber crime where our domain name was hijacked.  This has impacted our website and email.  For your protection, we took down the website and have relaunched it as nourishyoursouljuice.com.  Your privacy is always of the most utmost importance to us.  No personal data or credit card information has been compromised.

Until this situation is completely resolved, please visit us at nourishyoursouljuice.com.  You can now reach me at susan@nourishyoursouljuice.com.  We will be updating everyone via social media and appreciate your support.
, Need an energy boost?  Beet juice is an excellent pre and post workout drink. 

Beets are a natural blood cleaner and oxygen builder. The iron in them deactivated red blood cells and supply fresh oxygen to the body. It can enhance your performance and also help recovery!!  The pear and lemon help to hydrate and provide antioxidants and vitamins to the body. 

It's an unbeetable choice!!!, null, Happy Friday!!!  Hoping you take the time to replenish and do something that nourishes your soul!, Beat the heat with a refreshing smoothie!!!, 'Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure. ' - Oprah Winfrey, null, Let us help you get through your Wednesday. Grab a juice to refresh & restart. You are halfway to the weekend!!, Need to get your game face on? Drink PPM☺️ it's one of our favorites and it's Maria's, too! Cheers to summer lovin and laxin! ✌️☀️, null, Wondering what it is like to cleanse?  Kate shares her cleansing experience.  Check it out….

http://anothercleanslate.com, Nature's skittles! Taste the rainbow…
#sipbysip, null, Need to reset after this weekend?  Order your post holiday cleanse or stop by for a juice to detox, reboot and get back on track., Wishing everyone a happy and healthy 4th weekend!!!, Still time to hydrate, repair and refresh before the 4th!  Still two more days to grab a cold press juice that promotes healing, energy, glowing skiing and replenishment!, null, null, So honored to be on the list!!!  

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/health/article/2014/06/24/green-juices/, Everyday gives us the opportunity for a fresh start.  

Restore. Rejuvenate. Repair.

Are you ready to transform??, Summer is here!  Stay hydrated.  

Cucumbers hydrate the body replenishing it with vitamins and minerals while helping the body eliminate toxins. They are loaded with anti-oxidants, have anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer benefits. Other health benefits include aiding in weight loss, digestion, reducing cholesterol and controlling blood pressure!

Find hydrating cucumber in our grapefruit green, green, green goddess, beet, tropical cleanser and our newest juice, green lean!

#sipbysip, #summer, #juice, null, Did you know that watermelon juice is a powerhouse of nutrients?

Vitamin A found in watermelon is important for optimal eye health and boosts immunity. 

Vitamin B6 found in watermelon helps the immune system produce antibodies. Antibodies are needed to fight many diseases. 

Vitamin C in watermelon can help to bolster the immune system's defenses against infections and viruses and can protect a body from harmful free radicals that can accelerate aging.

Also chock full of arginine, an amino acid that one study shows enhances fat oxidation and boosts lean muscle.

Stop by one of our locations and sample some of our seasonal juice, watermelon mint!!!  We are also celebrating summer with other tasty treats and $1 off a juice or smoothie in store and online cleanse orders receive 10% off!!  Hello summer!!!!!, null, Let today be the day you create the life you want! 

Have you scheduled your cleanse yet??  Summer is almost here!

Drinking cold pressed juice floods your body with vitamins and minerals while gently washing away all things that no longer serve you.

This allows space for a fresh start.  If not now, then when??, null, In honor of father's day this Sunday, show the men in your life some love with a nourish your soul cleanse, gift certificate or 4 pack!

Give the gift of glowing skin, strengthened immune system, elevated mood, mental clarity, increased energy and metabolism!!, Don't forget to vote!!!  Voting closes tomorrow!!, Follow us on Instagram @nourishyoursouljuice! Take pics sipping our cold-pressed juices and smoothies + tag us with #sipbysip for chances to win fun giveaways! (Tag your friends and they could win, too!), null, hope you swing by to celebrate with us today in our medford location!, null, Need to hit the reset button?  Kickstart your morning.  We are waiting for you..., Cashews contain zinc which acts as an aid in collagen production. Also high in essential vitamins and minerals providing potent antioxidants and a good source of copper, manganese, magnesium and fiber.

Makes a great post work out treat and a great alternative to a processed protein drink!

Try a cashew milk or our newest offering, our vanilla coffee, which is a delicious combination of our cashew milk and cold brew coffee from Chilmark Coffee Company, LLC

So yummy!!, null, Happy Friday.  Start your weekend off right!

Our juices our loaded with vitamins, minerals and living enzymes.

You are what you eat so be juicy, vibrant and alive., null, So happy that our new vanilla coffee made the list!!  

If you have not tried it yet, it's a yummy combination of our cashew milk with a cold brew concentrate from Chilmark Coffee Company, LLC

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/restaurants/article/2014/05/27/iced-coffee-drinks/#gallery-2-3, Summer is coming, are you ready?

Get ready the right way, with nourish your soul!

Chlorophyll found in all green plants and juices safely eliminates toxins on a cellular level while flooding the body with super rich minerals and nutrients.

Our juices and cleanses also reset your body and help you crave healthier foods!!! Other benefits: glowing skin, a boost to your immune system, elevated mood, mental clarity, increased energy and metabolism. Order your juice or juice cleanse today!, null, null, Have you tried our newest juice yet??
Our lean green has kale, spinach, pineapple, cucumber, turmeric, ginger and lime

Rich in vitamin B and C, chlorophyll, anti-inflammatory properties, promotes digestion, energy circulation and increases the body's metabolic rate., Have you voted yet??, Juice day!! #sipbysip, null, null, null, null, Happy Mothers Day!, null, Celebrate your mom with the gift of health!!

Mother's day is this Sunday. Show mom some love with a nourish your soul cleanse, gift certificate or 4 pack!

Give the gift of glowing skin, strengthened immune system, elevated mood, mental clarity, increased energy and metabolism!!, null, Brewing up some new drinks today with Chilmark Coffee Company, LLC.  Stay tuned!!!, Hello May!!!

Come on in today and enjoy some sunshine in a bottle!!!
Your body will thank you..., null, Have you scheduled your spring cleanse yet??  If not now, then when?

Drinking cold pressed juice floods your body with vitamins and minerals while gently washing away all things that no longer serve you.

This allows space for a fresh start., null, So honored to be a part of Yoga reaches out!!!  Such an amazing, inspirational day!!!!, null, #TBT   While this picture was taken 2 years ago (so not much of a throwback!!),  I couldn't resist re-posting George and his love for green juice.  

So keep in mind, our cold pressed juices are suitable for all ages!!!!, Restore.  Rejuvenate.  Repair., Happy Earth Day!
Take a moment to ground yourself, be grateful and live each day as earth day!, Thinking of all the runners today!!!  Sending love and light to all participating.  

We are one.  We are strong.  We are Boston!!!, Wishing everyone a Happy Easter weekend!

We are closing early today at 3:00 pm and Sunday we will be closed in both locations., It's back!!!!!

Our peaches & bee smoothie, made with coconut water, peaches, dates, banana and bee pollen.

Helps to ease stress, allergy symptoms, promotes digestion and rich in anti-oxidants, vitamins, minerals and enzymes!, null, Have you tried a Sakara Life salad yet??  Grab a salad and a nourish juice!!!

http://www.bostonglobe.com/lifestyle/food-dining/2014/04/15/juices-smoothies-healthy-salads-fort-point/dA8PKovGDgu8PebDkH8dCN/story.html, null, Did you know that beets are rich in essential vitamins like vitamin C which is widely known as a potent combatant against the common cold?

Betacyanin is the pigment that gives beets their red color and also aids in fighting cancer. Rich in antioxidants, calcium, magnesium, and Vitamins A & C, and folate.  Beets have been shown to help cleanse the colon, cleanse the blood and strengthen the gall bladder and liver, promoting new cell growth and physical healing.

Come grab a beet blend today!!, null, Hello Friday!!!  Start your weekend off right!!!
Drink responsibly..., null, Have you tried our newest juice??

Available at each of our locations in South Boston and West Medford, online and for delivery.

The Citrus Blend – blood orange, grapefruit, ginger - revitalizes your body with a blend of blood oranges, grapefruit and ginger. Packed with essential vitamins and minerals that promote a healthy and happy you. Blood oranges are rich in Vitamin C and have anti-inflammatory properties. Grapefruit helps in weight loss, prevents arthritis, helps lower cholesterol levels and is rich in Vitamins B and C. Ginger helps with digestion, promotes energy circulation and increases the body’s metabolic rate.

So yummy and nourishing for the body!!, Gather a group of 3 or more friends or colleagues to cleanse and save 10% off the regular price. It's a fun and reliable way to keep yourself on track losing weight and staying healthy. 

Reset after the long winter and get back on track!! 

Cleansing & detoxification of your body should be a regular part of your life. It results in a greater sense of well being and it simply makes sense., be fearless., null, Did you know that today is National Vitamin C day??!

Why vitamin C is important for the body:
Vitamin C helps to repair and regenerate tissues, protect against heart disease, aid in the absorption of iron, prevent scurvy, and decrease total and LDL ("bad") cholesterol and triglycerides. Research indicates that vitamin C may help protect against a variety of cancers by combating free radicals, and helping neutralize the effects of nitrites (preservatives found in some packaged foods that may raise the risk of certain forms of cancer). 

We will announce later today our newest seasonal juice…. chock full of vitamin C!!!  Can you guess this fruit?  One of the three ingredients in our newest blend., null, Hello April!!  The sun is shining!!!
With spring comes a time of renewal and rebirth.
Our juices will revitalize you from the inside out. After a long winter, it's time to glow!

You have a choice in what you are made of…., null, In case you miss it…
Check out our segment on channel 7 what's cooking with Sarah French.

http://www.whdh.com/story/25096173/whats-cookin-nourish-your-soul-green-juice, How you nourish your body is so important!

Our juices our loaded with vitamins, minerals and living enzymes.

You are what you eat so be juicy, vibrant and alive.

Happy Wednesday!, So many flavors to choose from…
We would love to know: which juice is your favorite?, null, "By cleansing your body on a regular basis and eliminating as many toxins as possible from your environment, your body can begin to heal itself, prevent disease, and become stronger and more resilient than you ever dreamed possible!"  ~Dr. Edward Group III

Spring is a time of awakening and a time to align yourself with nature by cleansing. Transform your body,heart and mind by ridding your body of toxins, finding balnace, and feeling a sense of renewal.

You can choose the amount of days depending on your needs. We are here to support you in transforming your body, heart and mind., null, Did you know?

It is recommended that you eat five to seven servings of fruit and vegetables each day. 

Make it easy and grab a nourish your soul cold pressed juice!!!, null, null, To vote:
http://www.bostonmagazine.com/vote/, Don't count the days, make the days count!!!!

Start your weekend off right.  Grab a cold pressed juice, booster or smoothie and nourish your cells.  One sip and you are instantly giving your body something to celebrate….

Happy Friday!!, null, Cucumbers hydrate the body replenishing it with vitamins and minerals while helping the body eliminate toxins. They are loaded with anti-oxidants, have anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer benefits. Other health benefits include aiding in weight loss, digestion, reducing cholesterol and controlling blood pressure!

Enjoy it in our grapefruit green, green, beet, tropical cleanser and our newest juice, green goddess!, Introducing our new 1 oz booster shots that can be taken alone or added to a smoothie, juice or water. Gives you a boost of extra nutrition! 

Ginger shot for its anti-inflammatory properties and circulation, along with extra energy!

E3Live shot which is organic, wild harvested blue green algae, a complete source of protein and amino acids. It’s brain chemical balancing, mood lifting, stress reducing, blood building, and energy boosting.

Turmeric shot known for its anti-inflammatory properties, recent research has revealed that turmeric is a natural wonder, proving beneficial in the treatment of many different health conditions from cancer to Alzheimer's disease. Is a natural liver detoxifier, may aid in fat metabolism and help in weight management and allergy symptoms. Has been proven to ease arthritic pain and promote increased flexibility.

Lemon shot for its strong antibacterial, antiviral, and immune-boosting powers and as a weight loss aid because lemon juice is a digestive aid and liver cleanser. 

Which one will you choose?, Some monday morning motivation..., null, More great press on our new location!!

http://www.metro.us/boston/lifestyle/wellbeing/2014/02/27/discover-south-boston-how-to-nourish-your-soul/, Drinking green juice nourishes the body!

Once we clear out the chemicals, the additives, the build-up, the toxins, we can begin to transform ourselves on many levels (emotional, physical and mental).

Take the step to release what no longer serves you!
Schedule a cleanse or grab one of our green, grapefruit green or green goddesses juices today!, null, Drink light, 
be light....

Happy Friday!, So much fun with Sarah French taping what's cooking which will air at end of March on 7 news!!!  Love sharing the benefits of drinking cold pressed juices and how the juices can heal you on many levels!!!, Have you tried our tropical cleanse?
It is a trifecta of inflammation fighters including pineapple, turmeric and ginger.

pineapple contains an enzyme called bromelain, which aids in digestion and lowers inflammation.

turmeric long known for its anti-inflammatory properties, recent research has revealed that turmeric is a natural wonder, proving beneficial in the treatment of many different health conditions from cancer to Alzheimer's disease. Is a natural liver detoxifier, may aid in fat metabolism and help in weight management and allergy symptoms.  Has been proven to ease arthritic pain and promote increased flexibility.

ginger has anti-inflammatory properties and good for circulation to provide you extra energy!

Enjoy one today!, null, Please support The Healing Effect Movie! A new documentary about the healing power of food!   Check out this trailer and please contribute if you can to the kickstarter campaign! We at nourish your soul believe food can change everything.  Take a look….

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2147005543/the-healing-effect-movie, Let today be the day you create the life you want! 

Drinking cold pressed juice floods your body with vitamins and minerals while gently washing away all things that no longer serve you.

This allows space for a fresh start.

Stop by for a juice or order your cleanse today..., null, Closing early due to the weather in our W. Medford location only!  We will remain open in S. Boston with normal hours.  
Drive safe!!, Kale is an excellent source of calcium, iron, vitamin A, K & C and chlorophyll. It eases lung congestion and is beneficial to the stomach, liver and immune system.

Kale is rich in antioxidants which can protect against various cancers, can help lower cholesterol levels and is an anti-imflammatory food. So many good reasons to add kale to your diet!!! 

Kale is found in our green, grapefruit green and green goddess juice!  Grab one today…., null, Happy Valentine's day!  Thank you to all our fans for the love you have shown us!  

Don't forget our special Valentines special...purchase a deliciously pink berry smoothie made with fresh strawberries, cherries, banana, cashews, dates, vanilla and macca, with that special someone, and get the second one for half price.

Share Love.  Share balance.  Share life., null, Due to the weather, we will be closing both locations at 2:30 pm. Please stay tuned for updates to our schedule.

Be safe and warm!, null, Our core values..., null, null, Beat the winter blues...

We are open today! Come in for some sunshine in a bottle!!, We are now open until 8 pm in our S. Boston location.  For those of you who ventured out tonight, come by and warm your soul., Due to the weather, and to ensure the safety of our employees, we will be closed this morning.  Stay tuned for more details as we hope to open later in the day, weather permitting in our S. Boston location.

Stay healthy, warm and safe!, Thinking about juice cleansing?

Thanks Rebecca for posting your experience!

http://www.foodcheersong.com, Thanks everyone for coming out and making our grand opening a success! A special thanks to Chilmark Coffee Company, LLC, Perfect Fuel Chocolate Saka Natural Mineral Water and Organic Living Superfoods for sampling their products!!, Hope to see you today 10 am - 2 pm in our S. Boston location.  Come sample healthy treats, juices and smoothies that truly nourish the body from the inside out!!!, null, Pears are loaded with anti inflammatory nutrients. Being rich in vitamin C, pears have antioxidant properties and are said to protect body cells from oxygen-related damage caused by free radicals. And they are one of the most easily digested fruits.

Enjoy in our beet blend, grapefruit green or pineapple pear mint juice and our green glow smoothie!, null, Hope you join us for our grand opening of our S. Boston location this Saturday. 10 am - 2 pm!

http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/gotoit/2014/01/nourish_your_so.html, More nice press!!  Grateful!

http://www.bcheights.com/metro/popular-juice-and-smoothie-bar-opens-a-second-location-1.3132271#.UuZsaBb0DJ9, Nourish your cells with our juices, smoothies and cleanses. Our juices are cold pressed for 3-5 times more nutrients than other juicing methods, never heated and contain no fillers or added sugar to interfere with your body's absorption of all that natural goodness.

You'll feel stronger, more energized and clear headed each day......

sip by sip, null, Stop by our S. Boston location today and taste these amazing superfood filled salads!!, nourish your soul featured on bostonmagazine.com.  Check it out…

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/health/blog/2014/01/20/nourish-your-soul-susan-cabana/, null, Let you light shine today!  We are open in both locations., How are you doing with your goals for 2014??

Chances are at some time in your life you’ve made a New Year’s resolution — and then broken it. This year, stop the cycle of resolving to make change and then not following through.  If you have fallen off, don't beat yourself up!  It  starts with intention.  Come back to your intention, breathe it in, feel it and then take action.  And remember...., Almond or chocolate almond, what to choose!??

Our original almond is loaded with protein, minerals and vitamin e and then add in the tremendous benefits of cacao, in our chocolate almond. 

Cacao is rich in antioxidants which lower free radicals, promotes cardiovascular health and high in the beauty mineral sulfur.

Cacao is also high in a number of essential minerals, including magnesium, calcium, iron, zinc, copper, potassium and manganese.

A great drink post work out to heal your body. 

Trust me...your body will thank you!, Thanks DailyCandy!

http://www.dailycandy.com/boston/article/164311/Boston-Events-and-Diversions?et_cid=71316&et_rid=1169349, http://bostinno.streetwise.co/2014/01/14/get-your-juices-flowing-nourish-your-soul-has-opened-a-second-location-in-fort-point/, null, null, Chlorophyll found in all green plants and juices safely eliminates toxins on a cellular level while flooding the body with super rich minerals and nutrients.

Our juices and cleanses also reset your body and help you crave healthier foods!!! Other benefits: glowing skin, a boost to your immune system, elevated mood, mental clarity, increased energy and metabolism. Order your juice or juice cleanse today!, null, null, So excited we made #1 on Racked Boston’s roundup on juice bars!  Check it out...

http://boston.racked.com/archives/2014/01/08/where-to-find-grabandgo-pressed-juice-around-boston.php, Honored to part of this group!

http://bostonguide.com/article-77817-ten-ways-to-have-a-healthy-new-year-in-boston.html, So excited to announce that we are officially opening our second location, 15 Channel Center Street at The Club By George Foreman III, on Monday, January 13th!  We are here all week so stop by, say hi and check out all the amazing offering - cold pressed juices, smoothies, coffee and healthy treats!!!, Make this year the best one yet and focus on YOU!  Bring more of what nourishes your mind, body and soul and release the things that no longer serve you.  Everything else just falls into place.

So many exciting things coming soon!   Stay tuned..., Due to inclement weather forecast, and to ensure the safety of our employees, we will be closed tomorrow.  We will open again on Saturday.  

Stay healthy, warm and safe!, Happy New Year!  
Thank you to all of our wonderful clients for making this year a great year.
Looking forward to all the exciting possibilities that 2014 will bring!!, Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end. Today we close out 2013.  It's time to clean the slate!!
Set intentions and goals to make 2014 the best year yet!!!

It's a new year, new you!  
Add nourish your soul to your list of intentions...
For Beauty. Healing. Energy. Life. Strength. Clarity.

Our juices are nourishing, building, cleansing, and detoxifying.

Don't miss out on our promotion, get 15 % off if you book a cleanse online by the end of day with the code NYNY., Don't wait until 2014 to start eating healthier!  

Our holiday hours:
Open today, December 31st open until 12:00 pm and closed January 1st.
Come grab a detoxifying juice or smoothie., What changes will you make in the new year?, With 2014 approaching, time to make your New Year's resolutions.

New Year, New You!

Start the year off with the goal of being healthier and begin the year with a cleanse! Give us 3 days and you will see glowing skin, a strengthened immune system, increased energy and a clear mind.  Get 15 % off if you book a cleanse online before December 31st with the code NYNY., Wishing all of you a holiday filled with health, happiness and peace., null, null, What's on your holiday wish list?  Still need that special gift for someone?  

This holiday season, gift well with a nourish your soul gift certificate.  Available in any amount or a preselected amount for a cleanse, juices, smoothies or nutritional counseling., Hope you find some balance and peace during what can be a busy time of the year!, We are closing early today due to the weather!  Want to keep our staff and clients safe!  Stay warm., Our core values:

We believe everyone needs help finding balance

We believe a clear body, mind and heart can heal you on every level

We believe that everyone needs to breathe a little more

And we believe food can change everything, Friday motivation.
It's never too late..., Coming together….construction almost complete!!!  Stay tuned for opening date…., null, Need a hostess gift? A gift for a friend, colleague or family member? Our sample 4 pack - 4 oz juice bottles that you can customize, makes a great gift for the holidays. 

What better gift then the gift of wellness this holiday season!!, null, Ever wonder what it is like to juice cleanse?
Thanks Lisa for sharing your experience!!!

http://theveganpact.com/2013/12/nourish-your-soul-juice-cleanses/, Feeling sluggish?   Fighting the flu?
Does your immune system need a boost? 

For such a small fruit, lemons have tremendous healing powers and so good for your body! The possibilities are endless when it comes to using lemons and lemon juice on a daily basis to enhance, revive, heal, detoxify and more.

The two biggest are lemons’ strong antibacterial, antiviral, and immune-boosting powers and their use as a weight loss aid because lemon juice is a digestive aid and liver cleanser. 

Lemons contain many substances--notably citric acid, calcium, magnesium, vitamin C, bioflavonoids, pectin, and limonene--that promote immunity and fight infection.

Found in our detox lemonade, green juice and beet blend.
Grab one today!!!, null, So excited to be offering Chilmark Coffee Company, LLC at our new S. Boston location at The Club By George Foreman III.  We are opening soon!  Stay tuned for more details…

http://www.chilmarkcoffeeco.com/about-us.html, Feeling like you over indulged this past weekend?  Let nourish your soul help you avoid that dreaded Holiday weight-gain with our juices and amazing cleanses!

Now is the perfect time to get back on track and get your glow on this holiday season!!!, Too much turkey? Not enough greens?Debloat, decompress and detox with a fresh juice or smoothie!  We are open!!, So very grateful 
for all of our wonderful fans! Wishing you all a healthy, happy holiday., We are open today until 12:00.  Come grab a nourishing juice or smoothie!  For those traveling to spend time with family or friends, safe travels!, Win a one day post Thanksgiving cleanse!

How do you feel the day after thanksgiving?
Tell us why you need a cleanse.  Then share and like this post for a chance to win.  

Here is your chance to debloat and detox with a post thanksgiving cleanse!!!, null, null, null, null, New flavors arriving soon.  Stay tuned…., Another nourish your soul juice fan!!!!
Millie loving our green juice!, A little motivation for monday morning…
It's never too late for a fresh start!, null, There is a chill in the air….we love to nourish your soul and TODAY we are going to warm your soul.

Buy a juice and your second juice half priced!!!
Great way to start your weekend off right!, Do something good for you today!
Find balance and nourishment with one of our cold pressed juices!!!, null, We are open today.
Reset with a healing juice or smoothie., Today we remember and honor our veterans who protect and serve our country.  Happy Veterans Day!, null, The holiday season is fast approaching!

The average person will gain a few pounds between Thanksgiving and New Years! You can enjoy the holidays but so important to make good conscious choices.  
Starting now!

Get your glow on this holiday season by staying healthy and consuming cold pressed juices or cleansing!!!!, null, null, null, null, Hope everyone enjoyed their Halloween! If you overindulged with too many treats, know it's never too late to 
GET BACK ON TRACK!!! 

Try a juice cleanse or detox with one of our raw, healing, nourishing juices!!!!, null, Put some green in your HALLOWEEN!

Come in today and grab a juice...we are closing a bit early at 3:00 to enjoy halloween with our families.  

Have a healthy Happy Halloween!, null, Did you know that parsley is much more than a garnish?!

Parsley is rich in many vital vitamins, including Vitamin C,  B 12, K and A. This means parsley keeps your immune system strong, tones your bones and heals the nervous system, too.

It helps flush out excess fluid from the body, thus supporting kidney function.

Regular use of parsley can help control your blood pressure. The folic acid in this herb is like a tonic for your heart.

Parsley is found in our green juice!!!
Enjoy one today!!!, null, Have you had your juice today?  Our cold pressed juices taste delicious plus have powerful nutrients to heal and revitalize you from the inside out!  One sip and you are instantly giving your body something to celebrate., null, Nourish your cells with our juices, smoothies and cleanses. Our juices are cold pressed for 3-5 times more nutrients than other juicing methods, and contain no fillers or added sugar to interfere with your body's absorption of all that natural goodness.

You'll feel stronger, more energized and clear headed each day......

sip by sip, null, Chlorophyll found in all green plants and juices safely eliminates toxins on a cellular level while flooding the body with super rich minerals and nutrients.

Our juices and cleanses also reset your body and help you crave healthier foods!!! Other benefits: glowing skin, a boost to your immune system, elevated mood, mental clarity, increased energy and metabolism. Order your juice or juice cleanse today!, null, Be the best version of you.
Come on in today and reset with a cold pressed juice and start your week off right!!!!, Fall in love with our apple cinnamon juice!

Apples are a great source of anti-oxidants, vitamin C and beta-carotene. Cinnamon gives your body a healthy dose of manganese and traces of other vitamins such as B, K, calcium and iron., null, Have you tried our green glow smoothie?

A yummy combination of spinach, coconut water, dates, pear, apple, lemon and banana to detox and provide anti-inflammatory benefits.

Packed with potassium, vitamins, electrolytes and minerals to cleanse, replenish and hydrate!, null, Did you know that dates are packed with anti-oxidants, vitamins and minerals such as potassium, iron and fiber? Choosing our almond or cashew milk is an excellent choice!! 

So instead of grabbing a high caloric coffee drink, maybe you try an almond, chocolate almond or cashew milk instead. Your body will thank you!!!, Happy Monday!
How will you find balance this season?, null, null, Need a mid week refresher?

Stop by for a juice or smoothie and get revitalized from the inside out!, Will today be the day you start making changes?  Think of one thing you can do to choose health and happiness.  You will love how it feels., null, On average, Americans are only receiving 5% of their caloric intake from fruits and vegetables. 

Our juices have up to 6 lbs of fruits and veggies in a 16 oz serving.  Juicing is a more efficient way to absorb immune-boosting nutrients naturally found in fruits and vegetables.

Drinking cold pressed juice can reset your body and help you crave healthier foods!!! Other benefits: glowing skin, a boost to your immune system, elevated mood, mental clarity, increased energy and metabolism. 

Happy Friday!!!!, Which is your favorite...almond or chocolate almond??

Our original almond is loaded with protein, minerals and vitamin e and then add in the tremendous benefits of cacao, in our chocolate almond. 

Cacao is rich in antioxidants which lower free radicals, promotes cardiovascular health, essential minerals like magnesium and high in the beauty mineral sulfur.

Both are a great dessert alternative or to heal your body post work out.  It tastes yummy and so good for you!!

Trust me...your body will thank you!, null, Fall is a great time to detox your body with a cleanse or by adding juices to your diet.

Cleansing seasonally allows your body to harmonize with nature while rejuvenating your balance and well being - naturally.

Cleansing helps to stave off seasonal colds, keep your immune system healthy, and prepare your organs for the colder months ahead. 

Try one today..., null, Feeling sluggish? Does your immune system need a boost? 

For such a small fruit, lemons have tremendous healing powers and so good for your body! The possibilities are endless when it comes to using lemons and lemon juice on a daily basis to enhance, revive, heal, detoxify and more.

The two biggest are lemons’ strong antibacterial, antiviral, and immune-boosting powers and their use as a weight loss aid because lemon juice is a digestive aid and liver cleanser. 

Lemons contain many substances--notably citric acid, calcium, magnesium, vitamin C, bioflavonoids, pectin, and limonene--that promote immunity and fight infection.

Found in our detox lemonade, beet blend or green juice!, null, Pears are loaded with anti inflammatory nutrients. Being rich in vitamin C, pears have antioxidant properties and are said to protect body cells from oxygen-related damage caused by free radicals. And they are one of the most easily digested fruits.

Enjoy in our cold press juices:  beet blend, grapefruit green or pineapple pear mint or green glow smoothie!, null, Let today be the day you create the life you want! 

Drinking cold pressed juice floods your body with vitamins and minerals while gently washing away all things that no longer serve you.

This allows space for a fresh start.

Stop by for a juice or order your fall cleanse today..., It is raining outside so come on over and enjoy some sunshine in a bottle!

Trust me your body will thank you!
Happy Friday!!!, Green juice and yoga.  Always a perfect combination!, null, null, Pineapples have great detox benefits for the body! They contain the enzyme bromelain, which aids in digestion and lowers inflammation.

Try our PPM or Tropical Cleanser which contains pineapples!!! So yummy and so good for your body!, Gather a group of friends or colleagues to cleanse and save 10% off the regular price. It's a fun and reliable way to keep yourself on track losing weight and staying healthy. 

Reset after the summer and get back on track!! 

Cleansing & detoxification of your body should be a regular part of your life. It results in a greater sense of well being and it simply makes sense., null, It is never too late to make a change!  Great time of the year to set an intention to change something for the better.  Get back on track with a nourishing juice or smoothie.  

Come on by...fridge is full!, null, null, null, null, null, Summer is not over yet!
What is more refreshing than sipping on our watermelon mint...., Our core values:

We believe everyone needs help finding balance

We believe a clear body, mind and heart can heal you on every level

We believe that everyone needs to breathe a little more

And we believe food can change everything, null, It's never too late to lead a healthy lifestyle!, null, null, 100% pure, no added water,  just raw cold pressed juice.  Have you had your juice today?, Hit "like" if you are striving to eat healthy!, null, null, Drink light,
be light, null, Happy Friday!

Come on in today and enjoy some sunshine in a bottle!, null, Romaine is an excellent source of vitamin such as A, Bs, C, K and folate.

Romaine's vitamin C and beta-carotene content make it a heart-healthy green. Vitamin C and beta-carotene work together to prevent the oxidation of cholesterol. 

Found in our grapefruit green and green juice!
Will be one of the ingredients in our newest juice...coming soon!

Stay tuned..., Need a mid-week refresher?, null, Happy Saturday!
Fridge is full..., null, Georgie enjoying his juice.
Hit "like" if you love our juices too!, Cucumbers hydrate the body replenishing it with vitamins and minerals while helping the body eliminate toxins. They are loaded with anti-oxidants, have anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer benefits. Other health benefits include aiding in weight loss, digestion, reducing cholesterol and controlling blood pressure!

Enjoy it in our grapefruit green, green, beet and our newest juice, tropical cleanser!, null, Happy Friday!

Stay hydrated today with one of our vitamin packed juices or smoothies!!, Beat the heat with a refreshing smoothie!!!, null, 100% pure goodness, no additives, just fresh, raw juice..., null, Kale is an excellent source of calcium, iron, vitamin A, K & C and chlorophyll. It eases lung congestion and is beneficial to the stomach, liver and immune system.

Kale is rich in antioxidants which can protect against various cancers, can help lower cholesterol levels and is an anti-imflammatory food. So many good reasons to add kale to your diet!!! 

Try it in our grapefruit green and green juice!, null, null, Start your week off right!

Reset.
Renew.
Recharge., null, In celebration of the 4th of July, today when you buy a juice you receive the second one half off!!!  Just say "celebration"
Happy 4th!!, null, Did you know that cleansing for one day can be beneficial for your body?

Try the one day cleanse and feel the effects - glowing skin, a boost to your immune system, elevated mood, mental clarity, increased energy and metabolism. 


Order your one day cleanse here:  https://www.nourishyoursoul.com/store/, null, Goldie is a fan of our tropical smoothie.
Chock full of vitamins and nutrients!!!
Very refreshing!


, null, Research from 2003 to 2008 has found that women who consumed grapefruits weighed up to 10 pounds less than those who didn't.  Compounds found in grapefruit aid in fat burning.  -Health Magazine Jan/Feb 2013

Have you had your grapefruit or grapefruit green juice today?!!, So fun to be part of The Handle Bar's grand opening last weekend, sampling our cold pressed juices!!!  Check it out!!!  It is a cool place, great people and an awesome workout!!!!!!, null, Hello Summer!!!, Do something good for yourself today!!!

“True life is lived when tiny changes occur.” 
–Leo Tolstoy, Cashews contain zinc which acts as an aid in collagen production.  It's also high in essential vitamins and minerals.
Makes a great post work out treat and a great alternative to a processed protein drink!

So yummy...., Like if you agree...., null, To all the amazing dad's out there..., Need a last-minute gift idea for Dad?  What better gift then the gift of health!  Stop in today for a gift certificate toward juices, smoothies or a cleanse!!!, Happy Friday!

"Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine."  Anthony J. D'Angelo, null, Kale is an excellent source of calcium, iron, vitamin A, K & C and chlorophyll.  Kale eases lung congestion and is beneficial to the stomach, liver and immune system.  Rich in antioxidants which can protect against various cancers, can help lower cholesterol levels and is an anti-imflammatory food. So many good reasons to add kale to your diet!!!

Our grapefruit green and green juice are chock full of kale!  Try some today!!!, Add a little bit of sunshine to your day!, null, Come by today and celebrate our 1 year anniversary and try our summer pressed juice...watermelon mint! 

It may surprise you but watermelon is loaded with vitamins A, C and lycopene all of which help prevent cancer and fight free radicals! Also, with it's high water content, watermelon has fat burning benefits too! Helps to make your metabolism work more efficiently while enjoying a refreshing drink!

Lots of other fun stuff...raffles, samples from 3-5 pm and all day enjoy $1 off juices and smoothies and 10% off online orders with the code ONE.

Hope to see you!, In celebration of our one year anniversary and to thank all of our loyal customers, we will be hosting a special anniversary event tomorrow, Saturday, June 8, 2013. 

Customers will receive $1 off all in-store juice and smoothie purchases, 10% off online orders all day using promotional code “ONE”. 

Come by between 3pm-5pm for complimentary samples and the chance to win giveaways including yoga passes and raffle baskets full of Nourish Your Soul gear and other surprises.

Hope to see you there!!!, null, In celebration of one year anniversary and to thank all of our loyal customers, we will be hosting a special anniversary event this Saturday, June 8, 2013. 

Customers will receive $1 off all in-store juice and smoothie purchases, 10% off online orders all day using promotional code “ONE”.  

Come by between 3pm-5pm for complimentary samples and  the chance to win giveaways including yoga passes and raffle baskets full of Nourish Your Soul gear and other surprises.

Hope to see you there!!!, null, Looking to beat the heat??

Refresh and revitalize this weekend with a juice or smoothie!

Swing by our W. Medford location today & tomorrow or find us at Winchester Town Day tomorrow!!!, So grateful and honored to be a guest speaker among other amazing women at a breakfast for the Exceptional Women Entrepreneur series.  Candy O'Terry is amazing and loved sharing my story and juices with an incredible group., null, null, We will be closed Monday, Memorial day.  Regular hours today and Saturday.  Come by and start your weekend off right with a nourishing juice or smoothie.

Hope you find time to spend the weekend with family & friends!  Please take a moment to remember the men and women of the armed forces and give thanks for their sacrifices so that we could be free.

Enjoy the weekend!!, Stop by recess today to sip on our newest juice, the tropical cleanser while enjoying this fun event!!!, 100% pure goodness, no additives, just fresh, raw juice..., Limes contain unique flavonoid compounds that have antioxidant and anti-cancer properties.  They are an excellent source of vitamin C, vital for a strong immune system.  Limes also help to stimulate digestion.

Limes our in our newest juice, the tropical cleanser!
Try it today!, null, Happy Friday!

Start your weekend off right with a cleansing juice or smoothie!!!, null, Feeling sluggish? Does your immune system need a boost? 

For such a small fruit, lemons have tremendous healing powers and so good for your body!  The possibilities are endless when it comes to using lemons and lemon juice on a daily basis to enhance, revive, heal, detoxify and more.

The two biggest are lemons’ strong antibacterial, antiviral, and immune-boosting powers and their use as a weight loss aid because lemon juice is a digestive aid and liver cleanser. 

Lemons contain many substances--notably citric acid, calcium, magnesium, vitamin C, bioflavonoids, pectin, and limonene--that promote immunity and fight infection.

Found in our detox lemonade or green juice!, Did you know our juices have up to 6 lbs of produce in each bottle? 

Give us three days and you will detox your body and give it vital nutrients and minerals. Our juices and cleanses also reset your body and help you crave healthier foods!!! Other benefits: glowing skin, a boost to your immune system, elevated mood, mental clarity, increased energy and metabolism. Order your juice or juice cleanse today!, Happy Monday!!!, Happy Mother's Day!!, It is not too late...

Mother's day is this Sunday. Show mom some love with a nourish your soul cleanse, gift certificate or 4 pack! What better gift then the gift of health!, Molly Powers Simmonswith Powers of Healing, null, Mother's day is this Sunday.  Show mom some love with a nourish your soul cleanse, gift certificate or 4 pack!  What better gift then the gift of health!, null, So excited to be featured in Daily Candy's national juice roundup!!

http://dailycandy.com/everywhere/flipbook/147442/Juice-Bars#slide=1, null, I am pleased to announce this month we will be donating to The One Fund to help people most affected by the tragic events in Boston.  Each Wednesday in May a portion of our profits will go to support the victims and heroes!

Please support us each Wednesday in nourishing yourself while nourishing others., Let today be the day you create the life you want! 

Have you scheduled your spring cleanse yet??

Drinking cold pressed juice floods your body with vitamins and minerals while gently washing away all things that no longer serve you.

This allows space for a fresh start., null, Sun is shining!  Great day for a smoothie.

Try our new peaches & bee, made with coconut water, peaches, dates, banana and bee pollen.

Helps to ease stress, allergy symptoms, promotes digestion and rich in anti-oxidants, vitamins, minerals and enzymes!, Drink light, 
be light....

Happy Friday!, Cucumbers hydrate the body replenishing it with vitamins and minerals while helping the body eliminate toxins. They are loaded with anti-oxidants, have anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer benefits. Other health benefits include aiding in weight loss, digestion, reducing cholesterol and controlling blood pressure!

Enjoy it in our grapefruit green, green, beet and our newest juice, tropical cleanser!, null, Have you tried our home delivery yet?

Available through our online store, you can now have Nourish Your Soul's fresh-pressed juices, smoothies and cleanses, made with organic fruits and vegetables with no added fillers or sugar, delivered to your doorstep three days a week to selected towns.  

To start, delivery service will be offered to the following towns: Andover, Arlington, Beverly, Boston, Brookline, Burlington, Dedham, Lexington, Medford, Needham, Newton, North Andover, Somerville, Stoneham, Waltham, Wellesley, Weston, Westwood, Winchester and Woburn.


For more detail, please visit 
nourishyoursoul.com, So excited to introduce our seasonal cold pressed juice for the spring.  Our newest healing juice is called the tropical cleanser.  It is a trifecta of inflammation fighters including pineapple, turmeric and ginger.

pineapple contains an enzyme called bromelain, which aids in digestion and lowers inflammation.

turmeric long known for its anti-inflammatory properties, recent research has revealed that turmeric is a natural wonder, proving beneficial in the treatment of many different health conditions from cancer to Alzheimer's disease.  Is a natural liver detoxifier, may aid in fat metabolism and help in weight management and allergy symptoms.

ginger has anti-inflammatory properties and good for circulation to provide you extra energy!

Come sample some this week!, Come in today and buy a juice, cleanse or smoothie and we will be donating a percentage to the one fund to help people most affected by the tragic events in Boston., So proud to call Boston home!

We are open today!, We have just closed for the day. Please be safe and stay inside. Sending love and light to all., null, null, My heart goes out to the people affected today, null, So excited to announce that we will begin home delivery!

Available through our online store, you can now have Nourish Your Soul's fresh-pressed juices, smoothies and cleanses, made with organic fruits and vegetables with no added fillers or sugar, delivered to your doorstep three days a week to selected towns.

For more detail, please visit https://www.nourishyoursoul.com/store/, Come brighten your day with a fresh pressed juice or smoothie!!!, null, Happy Monday!
Stop in for a juice or smoothie and start your week right!

Stay tuned for exciting news..., Pineapples have great detox benefits for the body!  They contain the enzyme bromelain, which aids in digestion and lowers inflammation.

Try our PPM which contains pineapples, pear and mint!!!  So yummy and so good for your body!, null, I am pleased to announce this month we will be donating to Winchester Got Lunch.  They provides healthy lunches during the summer to Winchester students who rely on subsidized lunches during the school year.  Last summer, volunteers packed and delivered a weekly bag of lunch foods to each of the 118 students in the program, for a total of more than 6,000 meals.  Winchester Got Lunch is a collaborative effort of Winchester faith-based organizations, schools, civic organizations and businesses.

Please support us each Wednesday in nourishing others., null, Reset.
Renew.
Recharge., null, Stop in today for a chocolate almond milk for a healthy alternative to the processed chocolate that comes with the Easter holiday...

Trust me your body will thank you!

https://nourishyoursoul.com/blog/?p=399, Cherries are a nutritional powerhouse rich in vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants, which aid in digestion, reduce inflammation, regulate sleep cycles and help rid the body of free radicals. 

Cherries are in 3 of our yummy smoothies:  berry, chocolate covered berry or cherry almond!!!, null, “Letting go isn’t the end of the world; it’s the beginning of a new life.” ~Unknown

Do some spring cleaning from the inside out!!!
Let go of the old...in with the new!

Ready?, null, Happy Saturday!  

Feeling sluggish today?
Try a scoop of one of our superfood powders...maca, flax, bee pollen, cacao or chia seeds.  They are chock full of vitamins that give you that extra boost!!!  Add to any of our yummy smoothies!, The grass is always greener with a green juice!, null, Dandelion greens are loaded with anti oxidants, rich in iron, minerals and vitamins.  Dandelion contains anti-inflammatory properties and also helps to detox the kidney and liver!  Add them to your salads or try it in our Grapefruit Green!!  It is my favorite!!!!, Beat the winter blues...

We are open today!  Come in for some sunshine in a bottle!!

Drive safely!!, null, Sip some green today and enjoy 10% off our green juice, grapefruit green or green glow!!

Enjoy St. Patrick's day weekend!!, We would love to know:  which juice is your favorite?, null, Pears are loaded with anti inflammatory nutrients.  Being rich in vitamin C, pears have antioxidant properties and are said to protect body cells from oxygen-related damage caused by free radicals.  And they are one of the most easily digested fruits.

Enjoy in our beet blend, grapefruit green or pineapple pear mint!, null, Do something good for yourself today!!!

Start your week off right with a cleansing juice or smoothie!, “When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.” 
― Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore

Take a moment to reflect and know that there is always time to make a change.  Beat the winter blues by brightening your day with a fresh juice or smoothie.

We are open today!!!
Stay safe and hope to see you when the roads clear!!!, null, Spring around the corner and is a time of awakening!!!  It's a great time to align yourself with nature by cleansing, rid your body of toxins and feel a sense of renewal.

Schedule your nourish your soul cleanse today!, null, Cucumbers hydrate the body replenishing it with vitamins and minerals while helping the body eliminate toxins.  They are loaded with anti-oxidants, have anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer benefits.  Other health benefits include aiding in weight loss, digestion, reducing cholesterol and controlling blood pressure!

Enjoy it in our grapefruit green, green or beet juice!, null, Did you know that beets are rich in essential vitamins like vitamin C which is widely known as a potent combatant against the common cold.  

Betacyanin is the pigment that gives beets their red color and also aids in fighting cancer.  Beets have been shown to help cleanse the colon, cleanse the blood and strengthen the gall bladder and liver., null, Kale is an excellent source of calcium, iron, vitamin A, K & C and chlorophyll.  Kale is rich in antioxidants which can protect against various cancers, can help lower cholesterol levels and is an anti-imflammatory food.  So many good reasons to add kale to your diet!!!  

Try it in our grapefruit green and green juice!, null, Another storm coming...
Come in, stock up and enjoy some sunshine in a bottle this weekend!, null, Romaine is an excellent source of vitamin such as A, Bs, C, K and folate.

Romaine's vitamin C and beta-carotene content make it a heart-healthy green. Vitamin C and beta-carotene work together to prevent the oxidation of cholesterol. 

Found in our grapefruit green and green juice!, null, "In the end, it's not the years in your life that count.  It's the life in your years."  Abraham Lincoln

We are open today!!!, null, Show yourself some love with our berry smoothie!
What a great Valentine treat!

Chock full of anti-oxidants, vitamins and also...so yummy!
It includes a scoop of maca, which is a Peruvian root which has a malted butterscotch taste. It is known to increase energy, endurance, physical strength, and libido. Also, it’s high in calcium, B1, and B12. 

Come grab one and don't forget...10% off your order today when you come into the store!, Happy Valentine's day!

To show our love and appreciate to all of our loyal customers, come in the store today and receive 10% off your order!!!, null, Meet adorable Goldie, our newest fan!!!

Have you revitalized today with a green juice??, We are open today!!!  Come in, grab a juice and reset!!!, We would do well to slow down a little, focus on the significant, and truly see the things that matter most. ~Dieter F. Uchtdorf

Stay warm and safe!!!, "Storms make trees take deeper roots"  Dolly Parton

How are you preparing for the storm?

Stop by today so you have plenty of fresh juices on hand during the storm.  We will be closed on Friday and Saturday due to the storm.

Stay safe!
We will open again on Monday with plenty of fresh juices!!!, Each Wednesday of the month a portion of our proceeds will go to a selected charity.  Last month we donated to the Dearborn Academy in Arlington.  This month I am pleased to announce that we will be giving to The Children's room in Arlington.   The mission of The Children's Room is to help grieving children, teens, and families in our communities to go on living fully.  The program is free and families come from over 75 communities.  This charity is one close to my heart.  Please support us each Wednesday in nourishing others., null, Very excited to announce that we are carrying E3Live at nourish your soul.  E3Live is a certified organic, wild harvested nutrient dense blue-green algae.  It has more than 65 vitamins, minerals, and amino acids and essential fatty acids, plus a rich source of chlorophyll.

It can boost your immune system, cleanse your digestive tract, help stabilize mood swings and provide a great boost of energy.

Come in for this booster, which is a 1 oz shot and can be taken alone or added to your juice, water or smoothie., Did you know that aloe vera juice can help detox the body from the colon to the bloodstream?  A properly functioning digestive tract is one of the keys and foundations of health. Aloe is known to soothe and cleanse the digestive tract and help improve digestion.

It is now part of our nourish your soul cleanses!!!, null, Did you know that grapefruit is a super fruit?  A single grapefruit is full of vitamins and nutrients the body needs to stay healthy and functioning properly.   Chock full of vitamins such as lycopene, vitamin A, Bs, and C which help the body build resistance to fight harmful free radicals.  So not only do they strengthen your immune system and reduce the chance of getting sick, studies have also shown that grapefruit juice can help you shed unwanted pounds!!!

Grab a grapefruit juice or grapefruit green today!!!, null, Come in for a fresh pressed juice or smoothie today and reset after your weekend.  Detox, clear out the old and nourish yourself with one of our cleanses, juices or smoothies!!!, null, Have you gotten your tickets yet?  Not too late!!
Hope to see you tonight!, So excited to be a sponsor!  Hope to see you thursday!!!, null, null, We are open today!, Happy Friday!  

Start your day off right by grabbing a juice!  It's an excellent way to start your day by nourishing your body with vital nutrients!  One sip and you are giving your body something to celebrate!!!!, So excited to be a sponsor!!!  Stop by for samples..., null, Did you know our juices have up to 6 lbs of produce in each bottle?  Give us three days and you will detox your body and give it vital nutrients and minerals.  Our juices and cleanses also reset your body and help you crave healthier foods!!!  Other benefits:  glowing skin, a boost to your immune system, elevated mood, mental clarity, increased energy and metabolism.  Order your juice or juice cleanse today!, null, null, Starting today come in and enjoy our newest flavor...Chocolate almond milk!  

Get all of the benefits of our original almond which is loaded with protein, minerals and vitamin e and then add in the tremendous benefits of cacao.  

Cacao is rich in antioxidants which lower free radicals, promotes cardiovascular health, essential minerals like magnesium and high in the beauty mineral sulfur.

It's a great dessert alternative that tastes yummy and so good for your body!!

Trust me...your body will thank you!, null, This month I am pleased to announce that we will be giving to Dearborn Academy in Arlington.   They serve children with emotional, behavioral and learning challenges in separate elementary/middle and high-school programs.  I had an opportunity to visit the school and loved what they are doing to change lives.  They currently are raising money to put a yoga studio in for their students.  Please support us each Wednesday in nourishing others., null, A new year brings new beginnings and resolutions to start fresh.  However, less than 5% of people who set goals of weight loss and living a healthier lifestyle actually keep them.  Why is that?  Most people want to change but do not make the necessary changes to do it or set unrealistic goals.  
 
Know that every day is an opportunity for a fresh start.  It is about making changes moment by moment, bite by bite and sip by sip! This year, make a commitment to not let another year pass without making the changes you want to live a happier, healthier life.  It is about setting an intention and performing one action that gets you closer to it.  Look within and know you have the tools to make it happen., null, Gather a group of friends or colleagues to cleanse and save 10% off the regular price. It's a fun and reliable way to keep yourself on track losing weight and staying healthy. 

Clear out the old and start this year off with a fresh new you!!  

Cleansing & detoxification of your body should be a regular part of your life. It results in a greater sense of well being and it simply makes sense., Feeling run down?  Does your immune system need a boost?  

For such a small fruit, lemons have tremendous healing powers and so good for your body!

The two biggest are lemons’ strong antibacterial, antiviral, and immune-boosting powers and their use as a weight loss aid because lemon juice is a digestive aid and liver cleanser. 

Lemons contain many substances--notably citric acid, calcium, magnesium, vitamin C, bioflavonoids, pectin, and limonene--that promote immunity and fight infection.

Swing on by for a detox lemonade today!, Wishing you a happy, healthy New Year!  Here's to making 2013 your best year ever!!!, null, Two days left to enjoy 10% off a cleanse.  Pre-order online with the code NEWYEAR before Janurary 1st to receive your discount!, nourish your soul listed as best discoveries of 2012!
Thanks daily candy!!!!

http://www.dailycandy.com/boston/article/141409/The-Best-Discoveries-of-2012, Why wait for the new year to start eating healthier!  We are open and have fresh juices.  Come visit us today...., null, Wishing you all a very merry Christmas!
 
Start your year off right with a nourish your soul juice cleanse and receive 10% off.

Pre-order online with the code NEWYEAR before Janurary 1st to receive your discount!

It's a new year and a new you!!!, "This very moment is the only one you know you have for sure.”, Holiday hours:
Closed December 22nd, 24th, 25th, 31st and Jan 1st.
Tomorrow is the last day this week to grab some juices and recharge!!!  

Next week we will be open December 26th, 27th, 28th and 29th and then again on January 2nd!!

Also don't forget to purchase your gift cards!!!!
There is no better gift than the gift of health!!!!!!!!, With 2013 approaching, time to make your New Year's resolutions.

New Year, New You!

Start the year off with the goal of being healthier and begin the year with a cleanse!  Give us 3 days and you will see glowing skin, a strengthened immune system, increased energy and a clear mind., null, null, @lululemon Burlington sampling juices this morning. Come on by...., Our thoughts go out to all the families affected in CT. Such a tragedy. Sending light, love and peace to all., null, Today and every Wednesday a portion of our proceeds will go to a designated charity.  This month we are giving to the Greater Boston Food Bank.  In eastern Massachusetts, 44% of those in need have had to choose between food and heat.  Especially during the holiday season, we can help by giving back to those who need it most.  Together we can nourish others by supporting this important cause., Did you know bee pollen increases energy, strengthens the immune system, helps to regulate body weight and rejuvenates aging skin?  With over 12 vitamins and 30 minerals and enzymes, it makes it a great addition to a juice or smoothie.  Shown here in our berry smoothie..., null, Did you know that dates are packed with anti-oxidants, vitamins and minerals such as potassium, iron and fiber?  Choosing our almond or cashew milk is an excellent choice!!  
So instead of grabbing a high caloric coffee drink, maybe you try an almond or cashew milk instead.  Your body will thank you!!!, Need a hostess gift?  A gift for a friend, colleague or family member? Our new sample 4 pack - 4 oz juice bottles that you can customize, makes a great gift for the holidays.  What better gift then the gift of wellness this holiday season!!, Grateful to spread the benefits of juicing....

http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/health/juice-all-you-need-know-about-making-fresh-juices/CtuB5TFpIYAb0avVzvlRBK/gallery.html, Starting this holiday season we will be launching a program each month that gives back to the community.  Each Wednesday of the month a portion of our proceeds will go to a selected charity.  This month I am pleased to announce that we will be giving to the Greater Boston Food Bank.  Every $50 provides 118 meals. Please support us each Wednesday in nourishing others.  Hope to see you tomorrow!, null, “Too much of a good thing can be wonderful!” 
― Mae West

So excited to launch my customer appreciation program!  I am truly grateful for all my loyal clients!!  Now when you buy 15 juices or smoothies you get one free!!!  Stop by for your card today.

Stay tuned this month for more exciting news..., null, De-bloat, detox with a post-thanksgiving cleanse!!  Get your
glow on for the holidays!!   Call today!, We are open 9am-12pm today. 
Come in for post thanksgiving detoxing juice!!!!!, Happy Thanksgiving to my friends, family and clients.  Feeling so grateful...

https://nourishyoursoul.com/blog/, null, So excited to be offering our newest juice, cinnamon apple!  So good!  Apples are a great source of anti-oxidants, vitamin C and beta-carotene.  Cinnamon gives your body a healthy dose of manganese and traces of other vitamins such as B, K, calcium and iron.  This week we are open tomorrow  making fresh juices and Saturday from 9am-12pm so stop by and stock up!!!, null, null, null, null, Our green juice and grapefruit green are chock full of Kale!, Hope everyone enjoyed their Halloween!  If you overindulged with too much candy, know it's never too late to get back on track!!!  Try a juice cleanse or detox with one of our nourishing juices!!!!, "To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear" - 
Buddha, We have power and are open!  Wishing relief to those who have lost power from the storm., "Life's not about waiting for the storm to pass...It's about learning to dance in the rain!" 
-Vivian Greene 

We are open until 2:00 pm.  Be safe!!!, null, Have you had your green juice today?  Green juice is a detoxing combo rich in anti-oxidants, chlorophyll and powerful vitamins and minerals., null, “By cleansing your body on a regular basis and eliminating as many toxins as possible from your environment, your body can begin to heal itself, prevent disease, and become stronger and more resilient than you ever dreamed possible!”  ~Dr. Edward Group III, null, In case you missed it!!  Check out TV diner..., null, In the Boston Herald today!
http://bostonherald.com/entertainment/food_dining/food/view.bg?articleid=1061151606, Check out the most recent press!  Nourish made the HOT 100: 2012 in Stuff Magazine.
http://nourishyoursoul.com/press/, null, null, null, Check this out...great story about nourish your soul!

http://boldfacers.com/index.cfm?page=profile&profile_id=353#fullstory, null, "Whole, real food spiced up with a few super foods such as chia, hemp, parsley, cilantro, coconut and GREEN JUICING can beneficially affect thousands of genes, regulate dozens of hormones, and enhance the function of tens of thousands of protein networks.", null, null, Great event at Rain in Malden for lululemon Appreciate the opportunity to provide my fresh pressed juices after an awesome yoga  event!!!, null, null, null, Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it. 
Ella Wheeler Wilcox, "A tender heart and a brave soul light up the path for others with the kind of luminosity that heals and enlivens. So don't worry about being good. Instead, discover how both good and bad live within you. Deeply accept the shadows even as you seek the light. Believe in change. Take full responsibility for who you are and what you want. And from such forthright wisdom, your goodness will prevail and your kindness will blossom and your heart will be healed." — Elizabeth Lesser, “Love is what we are born with. Fear is what we learn. The spiritual journey is the unlearning of fear and prejudices and the acceptance of love back in our hearts. Love is the essential reality and our purpose on earth. To be consciously aware of it, to experience love in ourselves and others, is the meaning of life. Meaning does not lie in things. Meaning lies in us.” 
― Marianne Williamson, Don't seek, don't search, don't ask, don't knock, don't demand - relax. If you relax, it comes. If you relax, it is there. If you relax, you start vibrating with it.  Osho, “Don’t seek, don’t search, don’t ask, don’t knock, don’t demand – relax. If you relax, it comes. If you relax, it is there. If you relax, you start vibrating
with it.” - Osho, "If anything matters then everything matters. Because you are important, everything you do is important. Every time you forgive, the universe changes; every time you reach out and touch a heart or a life, the world changes; with every kindness and service, seen or unseen, my purposes are accomplished and nothing will ever be the same again."  — William P. Young, The Shack, Please check out my article in Liminas Magazine, We will open the book. Its pages are blank. We are going to put words on them ourselves. The book is called Opportunity and its first chapter is New Years Day. - Edith Lovejoy Pierce, “There is a crack, a crack in everything. That’s how the light gets in.” -Leonard Cohen, check out my blog for healthy Thanksgiving recipes, "Love is what we were born with. Fear is what we learned here. The spiritual journey is the relinquishment, or unlearning, of fear and the acceptance of love back into our hearts." —Marianne Williamson, "What comes from that place when we give it half a chance flows into our lives and the world creating unexpected changes in the direction of our journey and offering unanticipated blessings to us and those around us." Oriah, I am featured in the November issue of Martha Stewart's Whole Living Magazine.  Please check it out on my website!)