List(New addition to the the breakfast menu. VEGGIE EYE OPENER, New addition to the breakfast menu. SHORT STACK., New addition to the breakfast menu. BLUEBERRY CRUNCH FRENCH TOAST., New addition to the breakfast menu. HAM and EGG SANDWICH., Summer in New England isn't complete without enjoying some deep-fried seafood. 
With that in mind, come on by and try our *new* menu item: Fried New England Clam Dinner! 
Only $21.95 throughout the summer., null, It is finally offical. Now serving your favorite cordials and liqueurs. Get your shots of SAMBUCA, BAILEYS IRISH CREAM,GRAND MARNIER,FIREBALL,JAGERMEISTER and many more premium brands. Come and experience our new and exciting cocktails., Come Join RED SOX Nation. Open Everyday From 7:00 AM to 12 Midnight For BREAKFAST, LUNCH and DINNER., At the fenmore our kitchen serves some great meals everyday, but did you know that we host a mean cocktail party as well? Passed and stationary apps from our menu or custom to your liking. Give us a call to book your party soon., Tonight and tomorrow at the Fenmore grill @ the hotel buckminster... Slow cooked beef pot roast over blue cheese polenta with garlic greens and natural jus. #eatmeat#bluecheesefanatic#wetlookcrazy#, It's a bit brisk in kenmore square today so stop in for one of our soup and sandwich deals. Todays' feature is roasted tomato and pepper soup with a grilled cheese and bacon tomato sandwich, Happy Fourth of July everyone.... weather permitting the Red Sox and Orioles will have a great game this afternoon! Stop by Fenmore for a great time and some great happy hour specials... #happybirthday #fourthofjuly #inittowinit #gosox #redsoxnation #fenway #kenmore #buckminster, After a great series win, backed by solid relief pitching and timely hitting against the Yankees, the Red Sox are back at fenway tonight to take on the Chicago Cubs! Stop by before the game for some happy hour appetizer specials and maybe a pint or twelve! #gosox #fenway #kenmore #redsoxnation #inittowinit #happyhour #mlb #interleagueplay, Thank Goodness It is Friday!!! Stop by Fenmore this evening for the Lagunitas and Left Hand Beer Social! It is going to be a fun and busy night! Zach Brown Band is performing at Fenway and we are going to get the party started tonight! #fenway #kenmore #beersocial #zachbrownband #lagunitas #lefthand #happyhour #insanity #greatfood #craftbeer, Ladies and Gentleman, introducing the Fenmore Lobstah Roll!, Lets go USA! Come in and watch team USA against Germany. Should be a fun day #worldcup #teamusa #germany #soccer, null, Usually we dread Wednesday... but not anymore, thanks to Fenmore Grill's Fish and Chips Special... Stop in and order our hand-tossed and deep fried haddock, over a bed of house cut fries, garnished with house-made tarter and coleslaw... All for $10!, Stop by for Fenmore's Express Lunch! A half sandwich and your choice of soup or salad... for only 9.95. Get in and out with exactly what you need to make it through the day. #fenway #kenmore #powerlunch #expresslunch #hurryupandbuy, It is another beautiful Tuesday in Kenmore Square, the sun is shining and World Cup Soccer can be heard... so why not take your significant other out for a beautiful stroll along the Commonwealth Mall, and then stop into Fenmore Grill for "Two for Tuesday!" Always two entrees, a shared dessert and a bottle of wine (merlot or chardonnay) for under $40. Now that is date night done right yet again by the Fenmore Crew! #worldcup #datenight #alwayssunny #kenmore #fenway, Looking to refresh and rejuvenate yourself after a warm day walking around our great city... stop into Fenmore for a refreshing Down East Lemonade! Downeast Cider House has produced a ridiculously good and refreshing hard lemonade that we are sure will hit the spot!  #summertime  #craftbrewersguild, It is Friday... so you know what that means, killer happy hour specials, World Cup Soccer and Sean von Clauss in the house tonight at 9;00 PM! #Kenmore #fenway #worldcup #fridaynight, null, First Josh Beckett... then Clayton Kershaw! Congrats to the "baby sox" on their no hitters... #dodgers #lablue #nohitter #losangeles #kershaw #joshbeckett #memories #whiff, BOOM GOES THE DAVID ORTIZ DYNAMITE!!! #walkoff #redsox #inittowinit, Forget about hump day... try F&C Day.... Fenmore is offering up its renowned Fish & Chips Special yet again on this beautiful Wednesday... Stop by for fresh, lightly breaded and deep-fried Haddock, served with our hand-cut fries... be sure to order a pint and get the full World Cup experience at Kenmore's World Cup Headquarters... we will have full sound on for all of the World Cup action, and may even throw in some highlights from the Sox game! Stop by and enjoy! #worldcup #kenmore #redsoxnation #yuengsandwings #fenwaypark, Stop by today for World Cup Soccer, the Red Sox and our famous Two for Tuesday date night special! Two entrees, a shared dessert and bottle of wine! Does it get any better!  #worldcup #soccer #datenight #fenway #kenmore #redsox, Stop by today for our express lunch special! Half Sandwich, half soup or salad combination. We have World Cup action on the tv's... it's a beautiful day! Let's enjoy it together. #worldcup #kenmore #fenway #powerlunch #supersavings, Once again we will be providing World Cup action on two of our televisions, while also showing the Red Sox game. Stop by for some Father's Day fun. #fathersday #worldcup #redsox #kenmore #gametime, World Cup action... yuengs and wings... RED SOX BASEBALL... Sean Von Clauss Music... it is going down at the Grill tonight. Stop by for a great time. #partytime #fenway #worldcup, The Red Sox are back in town and Brazil and Croatia are on the pitch today! Stop in and grab a seat at the bar and enjoy our happy hour appetizer specials while you root for your favorite team!, Another Wednesday at Fenmore Grill, that can mean only one thing... Fish & Chips! Every Wednesday Fish & Chip dinners are 10.00!, Once again it is two for Tuesday... a bottle of wine, two entrees and a shared dessert... date night done right at the Fenmore Grill, Thank God It's Friday! That can mean only one thing at the Fenmore Grill! Sean Von Clauss Music will be here tonight performing hits from all over the map! Patrick will be slinging on the bar... and as per usual we have some pretty sweet beer selections to check out. So stop by, find a seat and LETS GET IT IN TONIGHT!, Thirsty Thursday and Fenmore Grill is at it again. Stop by from 4 - 7 PM for our Happy Hour Appetizer specials and pair it with one of our great draft selections. Patrick is on the bar tonight, talking about beer and having a great time... so stop in and pull up a seat!, Another Wednesday at Fenmore Grill, that can mean only one thing... Fish & Chips! Every Wednesday Fish & Chip dinners are 10.00! Stop by and enjoy one with a nice Left Hand Milk Stout!, After a great weekend that saw the Sox sweep away Atlanta and Tampa, we are back at it. Stop by for Happy Hour tonight from 4-7 PM., Thirsty Thursday indeed. Stop by tonight before the Red Sox for our Happy Hour Menu and some great Craft Beers!, It is Wednesday, and so you know what that means... Fenmore Grill is doing our weekly Fish & Chip Special. Lightly tossed Haddock, deep-fried and served over fries with our house-made tarter and cole slaw! All for $10.00, Chef Zachary Julian just added a delightful Strawberry Shortcake to our menu! Come by and try it!, Once again it is Two for Tuesday.... Two entrees, a shared dessert and a bottle of wine for under $40. Stop and and try our Grilled Salmon or our Baked Haddock, paired ever so nicely with a bottle of Chardonnay. Then finish your evening with a lovely old-fashioned Strawberry Shortcake....  Now that is date night done right!, Its industry night at Fenmore Grill!!! 1/2 off all food tonight for anyone that works in hospitality, and 12.00 high life buckets!!! Patrick is starring on the bar!, Memorial Day Weekend is upon us... In honor of those who serve... This ENTIRE WEEK, Saturday to Saturday... Fenmore Grill will be offering Miller High Life Buckets for 12.00!!! Stop by tonight and let's get it started... Patrick is on the bar, we will have some sweet 90's hip hop playing, and let's celebrate the men and women who bravely served and gave their lives for this great nation! #highlife #bucketlife #fenmore #kenmore #wheelinndealin #saturdaynite, Must be Friday because Sean Von Clauss Music is going to be back at Fenmore Grill tonight from 9:00 PM until the lights go out!!! Women will be swooning and men will be buying them drinks as the Crowd Pleaser helps everyone have a good time and get it in!, Thirsty Thursday indeed! Stop by Fenmore pre- or post game to get your Yuengling and Buffalo Wing fix!, null, Tonight is shaping up to be a great night at Fenmore! It is Wednesday, which means once again... Fish & Chips! Hopefully the Red Sox can pull one out against the Blue Jays..., Once again it is Two for Tuesday.... Two entrees, a shared dessert and a bottle of wine for under $40. Now that is date night done right!, Sunshine pilsner.... summertime is feeling a little closer every day..., After a long Monday at work, nothing sounds better than a ice cold Yuengling and our ridiculous Happy Hour menu. Stop in for a little bit of both and you won't be disappointed., Congratulations BU graduates... and everyone else, stop by Fenmore to celebrate with us as Patrick ignites the night with old school hip hop and one of the best beer programs in Boston., Tonight at 9:00 PM, Sean Von Clauss Music will be at it again, tearing the house down as only he can. Do not miss the spectacular show that is Von Clauss...., A special thank you to the guys from Craft Brewers' Guild and Team Troeg for popping in along their pub crawl jaunt through the Fenway area! Apparently it was a rocking good time for everyone!!!, Tonight is shaping up to be a great night at Fenmore! It is Wednesday, which means once again... Fish & Chips! Add that to what should be a ferocious game 7... and it should be a great night indeed!, null, Looking for something to do this evening! Stop by for some Bruins Hockey and Red Sox Baseball... as usual, we will be slinging the yuengs and firing our award winning wings! Patrick is on the bar and 90s hip hop will be in the air..., Come join us this Sunday for a special Mother's Day Brunch... We will be offering a special Chef's brunch menu from 7 AM-3 PM., Looking for somewhere to catch the Bruins face off with the Canadiens in Game Four... Gear up for the game with our Happy Hour Specials, and then find a seat and buckle up, after three back and forth games this Game Four looks like it will be a rough and chippy night from the Big Bad Bruins., Tonight we feature what is quickly becoming our Famous Fish & Chips Night! Join us tonight for Traditional New England Fish & Chips for only $10. We think our Fish & Chips stands up against any in the city and we know you will too! We hope to see you tonight!, Two games tonight.... stop by for the Red Sox and Bruins! The yuengling is flowing and the wings are hot and spicy!!, Patrick and Zack at the House of Blues.... just passing out Grilled pork tenderloin samples for a good cause!, ¡Feliz Cinco De Mayo!, Looking for a way to celebrate two great wins, stop by the Fenmore Grill for all the yuengs and wings you can stand!, Fenmore Grill is at it again! Stop by tonight to see the one and only Crowd Pleaser! Sean Von Clauss will be in the house from 9:00 PM until we get shut down... playing everyone's favorites! Stop by and here the legend that is Von Clauss rock out!, Looking for a place to watch Game 1 of this epic grudge match? Well, look no further, The Fenmore Grill will be broadcasting the Bruins Game One against the Canadiens, Stop by for a old pint and some great hockey action!
#bruins #brutangclan #hockey #bostonstrong #bringbackthecup, Sean Von Clauss Music is performing this Friday..... and will be back every Friday in May! SVC will be rocking tunes and Patrick will be on the bar.... dreams may come true...., The best night of the week is officially Wednesday!!! What is fast becoming a staple in Kenmore Square, Fish and Chip Wednesdays at Fenmore are awesome! What better way to spend a rainy Wednesday than watching one of the three Game 7's on tonight, and eating some of our delicious fish & chips! 10.00 all night long!, Chef is rocking a roast beef on toasted ciabatta topped with cheddar! stop in and crush one with the cheapest Yuengling in Kenmore... always $3.00! #Yuengling #beeffordays #goodeating, Yuengs and Wings will be flowing...., Getting pumped for the next series!!!!
, Getting geared up for the summer; as the weather gets better, the beers get tastier!, In need of plans for dinner tonight; looking for a place to watch the Red Sox game; Fenmore Grill is combining both with our "Date night, Done right!" Two for Tuesday is fast becoming a clutch date night move; two entrees, a bottle of wine as well as shared dessert, for only 39.95! Stop by tonight for a mixture of Sox, fun and fabulous food! #datenight #soxlife #2fortuesday #crazydeal, Got no where to watch the Red Sox on this dreary afternoon, Patrick will be slinging the Yuengs and firing the wings. Be sure to grab your seat at the bar and not miss the 1:07 game time!, null, Bruins can close it out tonight. Stop by and watch the Bruins game tonight at Fenmore, Patrick will be on the bar and there are plenty of Yuengs and Wings for everyone., While the Red Sox may be away... we are still here; stop by the Fenmore Grill this evening for some great food, great beers and live entertainment from 9:00 PM-12:00 AM. James is on the bar and we will have the Sox playing live from Toronto., Did you know that on Sunday Nights we celebrate the Service Industry with our Hospitality Night?  If you work in the hotel, bar or restaurant industry you receive 50% off our entire menu.  It is our way of saying THANK YOU for serving all of us!!, Craft Brewers Guild... tap takeover complete! You guys are the best! Dan Cronin the great!, Tonight is Fish & Chips Night at the Fenmore Grill.  Enjoy Traditional New England Fish & Chips for only $10 and as always, Yuengling 16 ounce drafts are only $3!  Come down and watch the Sox take on the Yankees or catch the NBA and NHL Playoffs!  See you at the Grill!, Chef Zachary Julian is cooking up something special for tonight, stop in for blackened swordfish kabobs over a red bean rice with charred tomato salsa., It is "Two For Tuesday".....Every Tuesday come in for your choice of Wine, red or white, two entrees and a shared dessert! All for only $39.95! Be sure to stop in and see us; fabulous food and drink along with great conversation in a relaxing atmosphere. Hope to see you tonight!!!, Congratulations to all the runners who ran in yesterday's historic running of the Boston Marathon! We also want to thank the BAA for putting on such a world class event and the Boston Police Department for keeping everyone safe and secure!

#bpd #bostonmarathon #baa, Happy Patriot's Day to everyone and good luck to all of the marathoners running today!  We've got front row seats to all the action in Kenmore Square.  Come on over and enjoy $3.00 16 oz. Yuengling Drafts, great Burgers, Sandwiches and Wings!  Watch the Sox on TV and the Marathon live on Beacon Street!, WE LOVE THAT DIRTY WATER! SOX WALK OFF FOR THE WIN!!! Hope everyone is safe, and good luck tomorrow navigating through the city during the marathon, check out this handy little guide!, Stop in tonight from 5:00-10:00 for our Pasta Dinner Special... We are offering a "Runner's Special,"Your choice of mixed greens or Caesar Salad, followed by penne or tortellini smothered in your choice of pesto, white, red or meat bolognese... the best part, it is only $19.95!!!, Big night tonight at the Fenmore Grill!  Red Sox pregame flows right into the Bruins first playoff game at 8pm.  Live entertainment starting at 9pm.  Great food, good friends, Sox, Bruins, Live Music...its gonna be a heck of a night!, BOGO!  Winner of Boston's 2014 KING OF THE WING! Buy one order, get 2nd order FREE!  BOGO!, “Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy” - Benjamin Franklin

Truer words have never been spoken, 3.00 Yuengling drafts, only at Fenmore! Stop by tonight, Tonight we feature what is quickly becoming our Famous Fish & Chips Night!  Join us tonight for Traditional New England Fish & Chips for only $10.  We think our Fish & Chips stands up against any in the city and we know you will too!  We hope to see you tonight!, While the Sox are away, the televisions will play... stop by tonight for Two for Tuesday, the ultimate date night special, two entrees, a bottle of wine and a shared dessert for only 39.95... Sox will be playing at 8:10, and we will be playing the game, loud and proud., Looking for FRONT ROW SEATS to the Boston Marathon?  Look no further than the Fenmore Grill!  We've got some incredible views of Beacon Street as the runners enter into Kenmore Square!  Its all happening at the Fenmore Grill!  See you next Monday!!, Stop by tonight and see Sean Von Clauss Music perform! "The Crowd Pleaser" will be here from 9 PM until Midnight, playing your favorite jams., The Red Sox may be headed to New York... but you can still catch all the action at Fenmore... We will also have the Bruins V Winnepeg on at 8:00... Yuengs and Wings going all night long!!! #cityofchampions #baseballandbeer #bruinsforthecup, Looking for something to do before the game... we have 3.00 Yuenglings and award winning buffalo wings.... Stop in and enjoy our amazing beer selection!! #yuengsandwings #craftbeertakeover #treatyourpalate, Game time is 7:10.... stop by for a pre-game bite to eat or a bucket of beer! we will be here for you all night long!!! #baseballandbeer, We are entering the final twenty four hours before the Red Sox Home Opener!!! Looking for the perfect place to grab a pre-game drink or a pre-game snack... stop by... #openingday #redsox #kenmoresquare #getyourgrubon, Sean Von Clauss will be back this Friday night after the Red Sox home opener... so great we had to bring him back again!!!, At 7:05 pm this evening, the Boston Red Sox will be at it again... Stop by for Fish & Chips Wednesday, a  lager and let's enjoy the game we love so much!!!, null, The season starts today in Baltimore at 3pm as the Sox take on the Orioles. We want to wish our neighbors, the Boston Red Sox, the best of luck in 2014 as they pursue back to back WORLD SERIES titles! Go Sox!!!! #openingday, Sean Von Clauss Music... tonight.... it is going to be legend..... wait for it.... ohh and Patrick is on the bar!!! LEGENDARY!!!!!, This Saturday night, Patrick will be on the bar... Stop in for some dinner and a drink, all of his tips will be donated to the families of the two brave firefighters that gave their lives trying to stop the nine-alarm fire just blocks away from the restaurant., Thirsty Thursday indeed... stop in for some yuengs and wings!!!, Thanks to our friends at DownEast in Charlestown... Cider is on tap!!!, Forget Hump Day... Wednesday has got a whole new meaning... Fish and Chip specials at Fenmore... All day and night, come by and enjoy fish and chips for only 10.00!!!! Add a pint of Lager and it sounds like the perfect way to wind down your day..., Looking for somewhere to watch the Bruins to keep streaking... Come grab some Yuengs and Wings and watch Chara and the Bru-tang Clan continue NHL domination., Brace yourself, Sangria weather is coming.... Patrick and Zach are hard at work getting creative for the spring!, Come check out some up and coming performers tonight from 9-12, and enjoy a bucket of 'Gansett pounders., null, null, Stop in tonight for our Fish & Chiprs.... $10.00 all night long!!! top it off with a Yuengling for the perfect Wednesday night!, Pop in for our Two for Tuesday dinner special... the best date night special in Boston... Two entrees, a bottle of wine (chardonnay or merlot) and a shared dessert... We call it date night done right!!!, Stop in for lunch today... We will be serving our Philly Steak and Cheese.... Top it off with an iced cold pint of Lager from Yuengling, or a Lagunitas IPA! 

Perfect intermission for a perfect day!, Chef Zach and his team are at it again with a delicious Corned Beef and Cabbage dinner, stop by and celebrate St. Patrick's Day with us!, Stop in for corned beef and cabbage! Wash it down with a Left Hand or a Yuengling!!! Happy St Paddy's Day!!!, Traditional boiled Irish dinner....Stop in for some corned beef and cabbage, courtesy of Chef Zach...Top your meal off with a silky, smooth Left Hand Milk Stout!, Entering the final 24 hours before Parade time in Boston... stop in and load up on some Left Hand Milk Stout! America's Stout!, Christina Apostolopoulos will be playing a live acoustic set tonight from 9 PM-12 AM. Come in and grab a seat at the bar or a table and enjoy her over some "Yueng's & Wings" will be playing a live acoustic set tonight from 9 PM-12 AM. Come in and grab a seat at the bar or a table and enjoy her over some "Yueng's & Wings", Saint Patrick's Day is only days away... celebrate today with a Left Hand Milk Stout! We promise, we won't judge!, Wednesday... that can only mean one thing... Fish & Chips! Stop in for a Fish & Chips dinner... pair it with our new Left Hand Milk Stout for a fabulous dinner!, Follow us on Twitter... @FenmoreGrill, It is "Two For Tuesday".....Every Tuesday come in for your choice of Wine, red or white, two entrees and a shared dessert! All for only $39.95! Be sure to stop in and see us; fabulous food and drink along with great conversation in a relaxing atmosphere. Hope to see you tonight!!!, You don't have to wait until Friday to celebrate Happy Hour!  We do it every night, from 5 to 7pm!  Enjoy reduced priced appetizers including our Award Winning Buffalo Wings who just took first prize at the King of the Wing competition last week!  Yuengling 16 ounce drafts always $3.00!  See you tonight!, We are all thinking it.... So let's share our feelings over a nice, cold draft..., We wanted to wait, but could not.... Now on draft... Abita Purple Haze! 

Purple Haze is a crisp, American style wheat beer with raspberry puree added after filtration. Therefore, you may see raspberry pulp in the beer. The raspberries provide the lager with a subtle purple coloration and haze, a fruity aroma, and a tartly sweet taste., null, null, The Champ is heeere!!!! Fenmore Grill is the home of the 2014 "King of the Wing"

Stop by and try our amazing Buffalo Wings, and top them off with some of our housemade bleu cheese...., Tonight, we are very excited to be one of the entries in the King of the Wing competition being held at Uno's in Kenmore Square, tickets are $25.00 and available at the door, all proceeds benefiting The Boys and Girls Club of Dorchester! Come show your support from 6-10 PM tonight..., It is Wednesday... stop in tonight for our usual... fish & chips... wash it down with an Affligem.... Hope to see you tonight!!!, It is "Two For Tuesday".....Every Tuesday come in for your choice of Wine, red or white, two entrees and a shared dessert! All for only $39.95! We also feature daily lunch and dinner specials. Fabulous creations by our new Executive Chef, Zach Julian. Be sure to stop in and see us; fabulous food and drink along with great conversation in a relaxing atmosphere. Hope to see you tonight!!!, It is a cold and overcast day in Kenmore Square... stop by and try one of our delicious burgers... wash it down with a cold and refreshing Yuengling and makes for the perfect March day in Boston!, Thirsty Thursday indeed... Pop in to see Keila on the bar, slinging Yuengling drafts... 3.00 each!, null, Join us tonight, starting at 4pm, for College Night.  Bring your College ID and receive 50% off appetizers, salads, sandwiches, burgers, seafood, steaks and much more!  

Sundays also happen to be Hospitality Night!  If you work at any bar, restaurant or hotel, just bring your name tag, business card or pay stub and you too receive 50% off!  A can't miss deal!

See you tonight!, Join us tonight for our Fish & Chips Night!  Enjoy traditional New England Fish & Chips for only $10.  It is a great deal and we do it every Wednesday!  See you tonight!, It's Tuesday again!!!, Our today’s lunch special Buffalo Chicken Wrap with fries will surely renew your good day!, null, Another pleasurable evening at Fenmore! Join us for dinner and try our Special dessert Blueberry & Cranberry Pudding with vanilla ice cream on top. Live music starts @ 9PM featuring Singer/Guitarist and Songwriter Cal Kehoe! See you soon!, We got a great night planned at Fenmore! Tonight's Special is a wonderful Seafood Scampi for $17.00. After dinner, kick back and enjoy our live entertainment, starting @ 9PM. We welcome back Singer/Songwriter and keyboard player, Berklee's own, Caitlin Timmins., It’s another Wednesday that offers Traditional New England Fish & Chips for only $10 at Fenmore! It may be cold outside, but the fish will melt in your mouth!, Two for Tuesday specials are back again! Choose a bottle of our exclusive red or white wine and enjoy two entrees and a shared dessert for $39.95!, Good news for students! Not only are we showing the Super Bowl @ 6:30PM, but it’s also Sunday College Night! Come and watch Seattle Seahawks vs. Denver Broncos and enjoy our wings, burgers and many more! See you this evening!, Our special entrée for the evening Marinated Steak Tips are already getting popular! Come and have dinner with us and enjoy live music @ 9PM as we are excited to welcome back Cal Kehoe!

   https://www.facebook.com/pages/Cal-Kehoe, Join us this evening for live music @ 9PM featuring Christina Apostolopoulos. Christina’s incredible musical talent is the reflection of her passion! In addition, our entrée special Grilled Teriyaki Turkey Tips with sauté Veggies will go well with a glass of wine! See you this evening. 

https://www.facebook.com/christinaapostolopoulosmusic
, What’s for lunch? “Half Pastrami Rueben Sandwich with a side of Clam Chowder sounds tasty”! Join us for our Lunch Specials from 11AM - 2PM every day!, Get out of the cold and warm yourself up with our Traditional New England Fish & Chips for only $10 on Wednesdays., A very cool way to separate egg yolks that we thought was worth sharing.  A must watch video!!

http://www.youtube.com/embed/iAp8pEaWB1Y, Tuesday means Two for Tuesday specials at Fenmore! Select a bottle of our exclusive red or white wine and enjoy two entrees and a shared dessert for only $39.95!, ITS SUPERBOWL PREDICTION TIME!

The first person to correctly predict the winner and correct score of the SUPER BOWL, between the Seattle Seahawks and the Denver Broncos, and shares this post will receive a complimentary dinner for two.  Good luck to everyone!

For example purposes, our pick is as follows:

SEATTLE WINS 66-3!, null, Fenmore presents another live music this evening @ 9PM featuring Haley Chiocariello from Berklee! Our special entrée Marinated Sirloin Tip Steak is recommending you to come over and enjoy!

http://www.youtube.com/user/haleyrose33 , Slake your appetite with our special entrée Philly Cheesesteak and enjoy live music @ 9PM. We are excited to welcome back Cal Kehoe from Berklee College of Music and share good times with everyone! See you this evening!
, null, Some great old photos of Kenmore Square, shared by the Boston Hotel Buckminster, Join us every Tuesday for our Two for Tuesday Specials. Two entrees, a bottle of wine and a shared dessert for only $39.95., Although no one predicted the correct winner and score of the AFC Championship Game, we would like to thank everyone for participating. We also want to thank the New England Patriots for a great season!!  

Cheer up!  We are just 19 days from the equipment trucks leaving Fenway Park for Spring Training as our World Champion Boston Red Sox prepare to defend their title!, Fenmore welcomes back Cal Kehoe from Berklee to perform live music this evening @ 9PM! Our special entrée Bourban marinated Turkey Tips asks everyone to join us! See you soon! 

https://www.facebook.com/pages/Cal-Kehoe/345696178843852, Hailey Chioccariello from Berklee will be playing live music again at Fenmore this evening @ 9PM! Come over to relax, have some dinner and enjoy the music. You deserve it! 

http://www.youtube.com/user/haleyrose33 , Bruins is playing against Stars this evening @ 8:15. Come over for some wings with drinks and see which team is better. Go Bruins!, Wednesdays mean Fish & Chips Night at FAB!  Enjoy traditional New England Fish & Chips (baked or fried) for only $10.  We do it every Wednesday!  See you tonight!, It’s another Tuesday offering Two for Tuesday specials! Enjoy two entrees, a bottle of red or white wine and a shared dessert for only $39.95. It makes up for this rainy day., PREDICT AFC CHAMPIONSHIP WINNER AND SCORE CORRECTLY AND WIN A DINNER FOR TWO!

Our beloved New England Patriots play in the AFC Championship Game this Sunday against the Denver Broncos. Be the first person to correctly predict the winner and score and you will win yourself a FREE DINNER FOR TWO!

For example purposes, our pick is as follows:

PATRIOTS, 78-21

Good luck to everyone and GO PATS!

Once you've made your pick, share the post with your friends!, Join us to watch Celtics vs. Rockets this evening. Our special appetizer Chili Cheese fries will cheer along with you! Go Celtics!, It's Sunday College Night students! Feel free to come by for dinner with your college ID and receive 50% off any appetizers, entrees and desserts. Try our BBQ burger and watch football with us!, Come over and watch Patriots vs. Colts with us this evening @ 8:15. Football is fun to watch only at the right atmosphere. Enjoy the big screens and have some appetizers such as wings, truffle fries, steak & potato flat breads and many more! See you then! Go Patriots!, HOSPITALITY NIGHT, THIS SUNDAY AND EVERY SUNDAY!  50% OFF our regularly priced menu for any employee of a bar, restaurant or hotel.  Just bring a name tag, business card or pay stub with you!  It is our way of saying THANK YOU for everything you do for the rest of us!  Great Apps, Burgers, Soups and Salads, Sandwiches, Seafood and Steaks and great beer and wine selection!, Come over for our delicious Lunch Specials from 11AM-2PM. A half Pastrami Rueben sandwich with a side of soup will surely make your day!, Get out of the cold and into our fabulous Fish & Chips!  Every Wednesday, we offer this traditional New England dish for only $10.  Happy Hour starts at 5pm with great appetizer specials!, Two for Tuesday is on tonight!  Enjoy two entrees, a bottle of wine, red or white, and a shared dessert for only $39.95!, Join us this evening and try some of our special dishes such as BBQ Chipotle Wings and Jalapeno Poppers in addition to enjoying live music starting @ 9PM featuring Haley Chioccariello from Berklee!, Make your dining experience at Fenmore to be one of your main events of 2013! We will be open until 9PM this evening., Join us this evening for live music featuring Cal Kehoe from Berklee College of Music. Cal's amazing guitar and singing talent always delivers an entertaining experience at Fenmore. Come by! It starts @ 9PM!, We hope everyone had a lovely Merry Christmas! The holiday season isn't over yet though! Come over for relaxation and have some appetizers and drinks!, In case you’re wondering about delightful dinner options on Christmas Eve, we will be open until 9PM!, It’s rainy and chili outside. Chili dogs with French fries would taste so good on days like today. Come over!, It’s Sunday evening, which means its college night. Students who are in town can come over for dinner and receive 50% off any appetizers, entrees and dessert. Did we just say 50%? YES!, Craving a tasty and simple meal? Come over for our lunch specials. We offer half sandwiches with a choice of side dishes. Half shrimp BLT with a soup sounds good!, Join us tonight for some delicious appetizers such as buffalo wings, quesadillas, steak & potato flat breads..... and enjoy live music starting @ 9PM, null, Join us tonight and every night for Happy Hour from 5 to 7pm!  , Get out of the cold and into FAB for our Fish & Chips Night!  Join us tonight for Traditional Fish & Chips for only $10.  Truly a can't miss deal and meal!  See you tonight!!!, Join us tonight for our first TWO FOR TUESDAY.  Enjoy two entrees, a bottle of wine and a shared dessert for only $39.95.  Entrees include a Chicken or Shrimp Cobb Salad, Seared Tuna Salad, Pan Fried Breaded Chicken, Grilled or Blackened Salmon, Wild Mushroom Penne Pasta and our Special of the Day.  

A great deal and we do it every Tuesday!, A cup of Clam Chowder is sure to warm you up on this wintery day!  We've got some great new lunch specials, offering soup, chowder or a salad and a half sandwich for only $8.99!, null, Humpday Happy Hour, tonight, from 5 to 7pm.  Let us help you get through the rest of the week!, Our Fish & Chips Special on Wednesday Nights is quickly becoming a hit with the good people of Boston.  Enjoy Traditional New England Fish & Chips every Wednesday, from 4 to 11pm, for only $10.  See you tonight!!!, null, College & Industry Night tonight!  50% off with College ID. If you work at a hotel, restaurant or bar, just bring your name tag, business card or pay stub!, Happy Thanksgiving to all of you!  We hope you have a great day!

We are closed today for lunch and dinner., Follow us on Twitter @fenmorebistro for great deals, news and announcements!, This Sunday and every Sunday we honor all those hard working College Students with COLLEGE NIGHT.  Just bring your college ID and receive 50% off our entire menu!  , Our Grilled Mojito Shrimp Appetizer is a great dish for the whole table to share!, null, Enjoy our Traditional New England Fish & Chips tonight and every Wednesday for only $10!  This is a can't miss deal!!!!, Did you know that we serve breakfast seven days a week?  Join us Monday through Friday from 6:30am through 10:30am and on the weekends from 7:00am through noon., null, “Music always sounds better on Friday.”
― Lou Brutus

Tonight at 9pm, live at the Fenmore American Bistro, enjoy live music, featuring Cal Kehoe.  Cal is a student at Berklee School of Music and an unbelievably talented musician, singer and songwriter!, Join us tonight for our Traditional New England Fish & Chips Special for only $10.  A can't miss deal and we do it every Wednesday night!, Enjoy reduced priced appetizers tonight and every night for our Happy Hour from 5-7pm.  Stick around and watch the surprising Celtics battle the Orlando Magic at 7:30pm.  Sit back, relax and let us do the cooking!  It is Monday after all!, null, There is a lot going on at FAB tonight!  Enjoy our appetizers at reduced prices during our nightly Happy Hour, between 5 and 7pm.  Stop in, grab a beer, some apps and/or dinner and then listen to the incredibly talented singer/songwriter, Caitlin Timmins, who goes on live at 9pm., INDUSTRY NIGHT is every Sunday at the Fenmore American Bistro.  If you work at any hotel, restaurant or bar in the Boston Metro area, just bring your name tag, business card or pay stub from your place of employment and receive 50% OFF ALL MENU ITEMS!  It kicks off at 4pm every Sunday and is our way of saying THANK YOU for all you do for all of us!, We are happy to announce the winner of our BURGER A WEEK for a YEAR GIVEAWAY....Drum Roll Please......SHEILA CASEY IS OUR WINNER!  Congratulations Sheila!  Please message us so we may provide you with the details needed to claim your BURGERS!!, Later today, we will be announcing the winner of our FREE BURGER EVERY WEEK FOR A YEAR GIVEAWAY!, Our Parmesan Truffle Fries are a great dish to share with the table!, There are only three days left until we choose the winner of our Burger a Week for a Year Giveaway.  Just like and share our page with your friends to be eligible.  

Join us tonight for Happy Hour, Dinner or to watch the Sox on our Big Screen TVs.  Go Sox!!!!, It is College Night tonight!  Grab a bit to eat, watch the Sox and if you have a valid college ID, you get 50% off all regularly priced menu items.  Go Sox!!!, Join us for Happy Hour or dinner tonight and then sit back at listen to the very talented singer/songwriter, Caitlin Timmins.  Caitlin is a Wisconsin native and has been sharing her music all over Boston since she arrived in the fall of 2010 on a scholarship at the prestigious Berklee College of Music. The pop/piano singer - songwriter has a proven to be one of Berklee’s most talented artists.  Caitlin goes on at 9pm and plays until 1am., One week from today, we pick the winner of a FREE BURGER A WEEK FOR A YEAR from our growing group of Facebook Fans.  All you have to do is like our page.  If you've already liked our FB page, please share this post with your friends so they to have a chance to win!

BURGER FACT:  Americans love nothing more than a good burger.  In fact, Americans eat about 14 billion burgers every year., Fish & Chips is a Traditional New England Dish and we are confident that our Fish & Chips stands up against any other.  Every Wednesday Night we offer our Fish & Chips for only $10.  Its an incredible deal and well worth the trip!  Go Sox!!, Game 1 of the World Series is just 9 hours away.  Kenmore Square is already buzzing with anticipation.  Whether you have tickets or not, join us for Pregame Happy Hour from 5pm to 7pm.  Stay and watch the game on our big screen TVs.  No cover charge!  Go Sox!!!, We are only 10 days away from choosing a winner for a Burger a Week Giveaway over the course of the next 12 months.  All you have to do is like and share our page or this post to be eligible to win.  We've got a great burger at FAB if you haven't been by to give it a try yet, you're missing out!  Go Sox!!!!, Happy Hour Tonight, from 5-7pm! Live entertainment at 9pm. Great food, beer and wine all night long. We are open until 1am on Friday and Saturdays!, Our Seared Tuna Salad has been quite popular with our customers and a great value!, Slumbrew Happy Sol, brewed across the river in Somerville, MA, is just one of the many Craft Beers we offer at the Fenmore American Bistro.  A refreshingly tart and crisp hefeweizen brewed with local MA wildflower honey, orange peel and coriander, and fermented with the juice from over 1,000 blood oranges., College/Industry Night happen tonight!  50% off our regularly priced menu for college students and industry employees!  Starts at 4pm through 11pm., If you aren't lucky enough to have tickets to tonight's Red Sox game at Fenway, being in Kenmore Square is the next best thing.  ALCS Happy Hour begins at 5pm and we'll have the Sox on every TV in the house.  Later on, the very talented Cal Kehoe, singer, song writer and guitarist will be in the house!

Join us in the Fenmore American Bistro tonight!!

Tomorrow night, we have Hospitality/College Night from 4pm until 11pm.  College Students and Hospitality Industry workers get 50% off our entire menu.  

Go Sox!!, Follow us on Twitter @FenmoreBistro.  Stay up to date with our daily specials, upcoming promotions and entertainment line-up., How would you like to WIN a Burger a Week for an entire year?  All you have to do to be eligible is like our page and share this post on your Timeline.  Who said there is no such thing as a free lunch?!!!, Kenmore Square is the place to be today as the Sox kick off their playoff run this afternoon at Fenway. Join us after the game for our Happy Hour. Live entertainment at 9pm. TGIF!!  Lets go Red Sox!!, Join us tonight for our Traditional New England Fish & Chips, only $10.  The best deal in Boston and we do it every Wednesday night!, We just launched our new website which includes our breakfast and lunch/dinner menu!  Check it our by following the link below., We are giving away a burger every week for an entire year.  Like our page to be eligible.  The winner will be randomly chosen on October 31st!  Good Luck!!!!, null, Come try our Traditional New England Fish and Chips tonight and every Wednesday!  Only $10!, WIN ONE BURGER EVERY WEEK FOR AN ENTIRE YEAR!

On October 31st, we will be randomly selecting one of our Facebook Fans to win one of our delicious burgers every week, for an entire year!  All you have to do is like the Fenmore American Bistro’s Facebook Page and then share our page with your friends and you’re qualified!  It’s that simple!

DID YOU KNOW?

If you put all the hamburgers Americans eat in a line, they would circle the earth more than 32 times, Put the books down and fuel your brain!, TGIF!!!!  Join us tonight for Happy Hour with great deals on our Appetizer Menu.  Happy Hour happens every night from 5pm-7pm!, Our customers have made our Grilled Organic Chicken Sandwich one of their favorite menu items!, Our Parmesan Truffle Fries make for a great appetizer to share with the whole table., The winner of a pair of tickets to tomorrow night's Red Sox Game is.....Kathryn Tempestoso!  Congratulations Kathryn!  Please message us so we can provide you with the information needed to pick up your tickets!

To everyone else who liked and shared our page, we are sorry everyone couldn't win tickets, but we do have a $5.00 coupon good towards any Burger, Salad, Sandwich or Entree through the end of October.

GO SOX!, The winner of a pair of tickets to tomorrow night's Red Sox game is....DONALD DUNN!  Donald, please message us before 12noon on Tuesday, so we can provide you with the information needed to pick up your tickets!  

We will be drawing a winner for a pair of tickets to Wednesday's game on Tuesday so everyone still has a chance to win!  

GO SOX!!!!!, We will be giving away Red Sox tickets to Tuesday's and Wednesday's games today and tomorrow.  To be eligible to win, just like and share our page.  Good luck to everyone!, Sundays mean NFL Football all day long at FAB and at 4pm, it’s COLLEGE NIGHT.  Bring your College ID with you and our entire menu is 50% off until 11pm.  Happy Hour Apps from 5-7pm.  Draft beers starting at only $3.00!   Sox/Yanks start at 8pm!  What more could you want on a Sunday?!, The first winner in our RED SOX TICKET GIVEAWAY is....drum roll please..... PAT STEVENS from Allston, MA.  Congratulations Pat!! Please message us and will provide you with instructions on picking up your tickets to see the RED SOX VS. NY YANKEES, this Sunday night.

For all of you who are not PAT, don't despair.  We will be giving away tickets to Tuesday's and Wednesday's Red Sox Games next week.

GO SOX!, Going to the Sox game tonight?  Stop in for our Happy Hour from 5 to 7pm.  Great deal on appetizers and 16 oz. draft beers start at only $3.  Happy Hour everyday at FAB from 5-7pm., Good Morning!

Today at 2pm we will select the winner of two tickets to Sunday's Red Sox game versus the NY Yankees.  Winners for Tuesday's game against the Baltimore Orioles will be selected on Monday and the winner for Wednesday's game will be selected on Tuesday.  All you have to do to be eligible to win is like and share our page with your friends.  Good luck to everyone and GO SOX!!, We are officially throwing our hat in the Boston Burger Wars!  We think any of our 1/2 lb. Burgers are worthy of contention.  Come on down and try our Parmesan Crisp Burger, our Blue Burger or build your own!, We partnered up with CBS Local Offers for this one time, incredible offer.  Claim yours before they are all gone!!, Our amazing Spicy Grilled Mojito Shrimp awaits you., RED SOX TICKET GIVEAWAY!!

WE ARE GIVING AWAY TWO RED SOX TICKETS TO THREE UPCOMING HOME GAMES AT FENWAY PARK.  

SEPTEMBER 15TH VS NY YANKEES
SEPTEMBER 17TH VS BALTIMORE ORIOLES
SEPTEMBER 18TH VS BALTIMORE ORIOLES

All you have to do to be eligible to win is like and share our page.  We will be randomly drawing the first winner beginning Friday, September 13th.  Good luck and remember you just need to like our page and share this page to be eligible to WIN!!

GO SOX!!!, Sunday is College Night!  Bring your college ID and receive 50% off our entire menu between 4 and 11pm. Brain fuel for those in school!, null, Our Seared Tuna Salad is just one of our many fresh and delicious salad offerings., We'd like to introduce you to our Lobster Mac & Cheese.  We think the picture speaks for this incredible dish all by itself!, College Night at FAB kicks off this Sunday!, Our Reuben Sandwich is quickly becoming a favorite with our patrons., Calling all BURGER LOVERS!  We think our 1/2 lb. burger will put a smile on your face!  Served with fries and a spicy pickle!  Delicious!!, null, Our Boston Brownie Sundae is the perfect way to finish off a great meal!, We are happy to announce that we are now serving breakfast daily, from 6:30am to 10:30am., null, null, Take a look at our lunch and dinner menu.  We open daily at 11am and our menu is available until 11pm.  Bon Appetit!, Read the write up on the Fenmore American Bistro on Urban Daddy. To celebrate our opening, we are offering half price appetizers between 5 and 7pm all week long. Come on down and try our Lobster Sliders and/or the Spicy Grilled Mojito Shrimp Skewers or any of our other delicious appetizers!, A big thanks to the Improper Bostonian Magazine for featuring us in the August Issue!, Today is Opening Day at the Fenmore American Bistro!  Our doors open at 4pm today and we will be open for lunch and dinner everyday, from 11:30 to midnight.  Beginning on August 12th, we will be serving breakfast daily, starting at 6:30am., We open our doors to the public for the very first time tomorrow, July 29th, at 4pm. Stop in and see for yourself what all the buzz is about!, null, The Fenmore American Bistro, the newest restaurant in Kenmore Square, is scheduled to open in mid to late July.  Stay tuned for updates!, null, null)