List(Single? Hungry? Find your match in culinary heaven with our new dating app! Upload some photos of you with the food that you love (don't be shy!), and our algorithm will find your perfect partner(s).

Explore the delicious secrets of MangiAmi: bit.ly/22SWQ3W, Back in the kitchen! In the latest episode of "Taking Requests," Mia from New York City asked Mario Batali to create a recipe with these four ingredients: fennel, blood oranges, pine nuts, and extra virgin olive oil. After the chef works his magic, he reveals a beautiful fennel salad. Today's dish is so full of flavors that it almost feels like cheating. Mario plays with the different flavors of fennel when raw — "airy, wispy, high-hat tones" — versus the "rich, unctuous, slightly licorice" notes when cooked. Paired with the requested blood oranges, toasted pine nuts, and extra virgin olive oil, the resulting braised and raw fennel salad is the perfect meld of sweet and savory with soft and crunchy bites., Buona Pasquetta! There's no better way to end the multi-day Easter festivities than with a relaxed lunch in the great outdoors with the delicious leftovers from yesterday's feast. This year, join the Pasquetta tradition! Even if you have to work, Easter Monday can be dedicated to fun, friends, and food. Simply follow our guide to preparing the perfect al fresco dining experience. Everything tastes better in the open air!, Happy Easter!, Easter is almost upon us! In Italy, Pasqua is a celebration second only to Natale. Accompanied by the arrival of spring, this time of year represents rebirth. Italians revel in the joyful holiday and warmer days with colorful processions, traditional services, and — our favorite — great feasts. Learn how Italians celebrate Easter, with out guide to Pasqua., Stage an olive oil tasting as a prelude to your next dinner party: we promise you will pique both appetites and curiosity (and get the evening started with a peppery kick!). Olive oil tasting is similar to wine tasting: just like wines, olive oils have a very wide variety of tastes and aromas. A tasting can both sharpen your palate and allow you to identify what kind of oil you prefer., At Eataly, we love chocolate. We love its rich, complex flavors and versatility in form and use. So that you can fully experience the many varieties of il cioccolato, we have carefully crafted a chocolate tasting guide (yes, we love our job). A staple in Italian cuisine today, chocolate has not always been available in Italy. Fresh from the New World, Spaniards introduced cocoa to Italy in the 16th century by trading in the port city Venezia.  After tasting the rich treat on a visit to the Veneto, the House of Savoy brought chocolate to their court in Torino, the capital of Piemonte (and the home of Eataly!), and its popularity quickly spread., Back in the kitchen! In the latest episode of "Taking Requests," Katherine from Chicago asked Mario Batali to create a recipe with these four ingredients: shrimp, kale, jalapeños, and polenta. After the chef works his magic, we are left with a delicious plate of spicy shrimp with grits all'italiana. Mario's web series reveals his entire cooking process, from selecting the best products at the market to finally plating the dish. In each episode, Mario chooses a fan submission of four ingredients that — no matter how wacky — he finds at Eataly and combines into a delicious dish before our eyes. Today's Italian answer to the classic American South's shrimp and grits is no exception., The antipasto platter is the answer to every host's prayers. Sweet yet salty, elegant but easy, the platter promises to satisfy all tastes and improve any occasion. From small gatherings to large events (to even desk lunch), this antipasto will win it all. Learn how to build a basic antipasto platter, then sit back and enjoy!, Back in the kitchen! In the latest episode of "Taking Requests," Debbie from Maryland asked Mario Batali to create a recipe with these four ingredients: shallots, pancetta, oysters, and white wine. Mario's web series "Taking Requests" reveals the chef's entire cooking process, from selecting the best products at the market to finally plating the dish. In each episode, Mario chooses a fan submission of four ingredients that — no matter how wacky — he finds at Eataly and combines into a delicious dish before our eyes. Inspired by Oysters Rockefeller, the chef is calling the dish Oysters "Balotelli" in honor of Mario Balotelli, an Italian soccer player whose name is often confused with our own Mario Batali on Twitter., Italy boasts hundreds of cultivars, or cultivated varieties of olive trees, from the northern Taggiasca to the southern Coratina. Each olive grove is unique; everything from climate and soil to pruning technique contribute to the character of the resulting oil. Almost every Italian dish benefits from a final drizzle of extra virgin olive oil. But how does this culinary gold relate to the small, pitted fruit that grows on ancient, twisted trees in the Mediterranean? Discover Italian olive oil’s long, complex journey from the grove to your table., In today's episode of "Taking Requests," Nina from California asked Mario Batali to create a recipe with these four ingredients: tuna belly, eggplant, fennel, and pomegranate. This marks the third episode in the web series that the chef recently launched with Eataly. Each episode has progressed according to a traditional Italian meal: check out the antipasto and primo before today's secondo! For the ingredients in "Taking Requests," Mario chooses a fan submission of four ingredients that — no matter how wacky — he works his magic to combine into a delicious recipe., Attenzione, travelers!

Have you ever been to Toscana? Eataly Magazine is creating an e-guide, and we want your help. Tell us your top places to go, things to do, and – most importantly – food and drink to enjoy while in Toscana (whether it happened or you dreamed about it!).

Let us know your favorites, share your photos with us, and we'll gather up the best ones and feature them in our upcoming Tuscan e-guide. #MyToscana, When the Americans in our office first visited il bel paese, some confessed to culture shock at our breakfast. In Italy, breakfast — la colazione — is much lighter than the egg-bacon-toast fare of our colleagues' homeland. But after actually experiencing la colazione all'italiana, all culinary anxieties disappeared faster than you can say cappuccino., Floating high above sea level, in the clear air of the Italian Alps, we find the elusive “alpine star,” la stella alpina. This sweet wildflower grows out of rocky crevices in the bright but cold mountain air for only a few months each year. In the northern alpine regions, Italians are raised with a deep appreciation for this rare flower. La stella alpina represents purity and love; in fact, it once was customary for the bride to carry a bouquet of the flowers down the aisle. Today, a visit to the Alps is only completed by a sighting of the sought-after mountain beauty, which is now legally protected against being picked., In today's episode of "Taking Requests," Rhonda from Missouri asked the chef to create a recipe with these four ingredients: butternut squash, Parmigiano Reggiano, sweet Italian sausage, and your choice of pasta. This marks the second episode of the web series launched by Mario Batali and Eataly earlier this month. For each segment of "Taking Requests," fans submit a selection of four ingredients that — no matter how wacky — Mario works his magic to combine into a delicious recipe. Ending in a beautiful plate of pasta, this episode is no exception! Watch Mario shop for the ingredients at Eataly and cook up a delicious dish, then try out the recipe for yourself!, While generally agreed that it was created in Milano, the dove-shaped colomba’s origins have inspired legends of peace stretching back to the Middle Ages. In one version, the colomba commemorates the 1176 Lombardian victory over the Holy Roman Empire: two doves, representing the Holy Ghost, miraculously appeared on the battleground. Another legend states that the peace-inspiring cake was first baked in the sixth century by a young girl, successfully pacifying the wretched King Albion of the Lombard tribe., Have you ever foraged your pantry for a last-minute dinner, only to come away with the most unlikely ingredients? We’ve been there. If only you’d had the advice of a world-renowned chef — and now, you do! Eataly has partnered up with beloved Chef Mario Batali to launch his all-new web series, "Taking Requests." For each episode, fans can submit a selection of four ingredients that — no matter how wacky — Mario will work his magic to combine into a delicious recipe. In our first episode, Marie-Chantale from Ottawa suggested garlic, peperoncino, hazelnuts, and baby octopus. Wacky: check. Delicious recipe? Also check! Watch Mario shop for the ingredients at Eataly and cook up an amazing meal, then try out the recipe for yourself!, At 15,777 feet above sea level, the majestic peak of Monte Bianco dominates the scenery for hundreds of miles. True to its name – “white mountain” – the snow-capped summit rises just above its neighboring principal peaks, Dôme du Goûter and Punta Helbronner. For hundreds of years, the area has been a magnet for mountaineers, skiers, artists, and more. Visitors often stay in the three townships that surround the mountain: Courmayeur in Italy and Saint-Gervais-les-Bains and Chamonix in France. But where does one country end and the other begin?, Did you know that San Valentino was Italian? The patron saint of love lived in Roma in the third century. But when we took a deeper look, we found that our celebration of l’amore has even more ancient roots., This week, the streets of Italy are crowded with colorful costumes, elaborate masks, and confetti: the Carnevale celebrations are in full force! Like France's Mardi Gras, Carnevale is the final hurrah before the restrictions of Lent begin on Ash Wednesday (February 10). During the celebrations, which can last from a day to a month, revelers are free to eat, drink, and dance without reproof. From north to south, Italy boasts dozens of unique Carnevale traditions, from the Battle of the Oranges in Piemonte to the spectacular folk poets in Sicilia., Wine and cheese are a match made in culinary heaven. When enjoyed together, their unique qualities enhance each other, creating new flavor profiles and delighting the senses. However, with the infinite number of combinations, finding the perfect pairings may seem overwhelming. Wines vary in acidity, sweetness, and structure; cheeses boast different flavors, fat content, and textures. Where is the balance?, As Valentine’s Day draws near, treat your loved one to romance: "love letter" pastries. There is nothing like a homemade gift — especially when it tastes like this!, World Nutella Day is February 5, so it’s time to step up your game with the beloved hazelnut spread. Luckily for you, we have dedicated our time to narrowing down the best tips and tricks to enjoying Nutella. It’s a difficult job, but somebody had to do it., Today marks the beginning of I Giorni della Merla, or The Days of the Blackbird. According to Italian lore, the weather during these days — the last three in January — will predict the arrival of spring.Much like the U.S.’s Groundhog Day, Italy’s Days of the Blackbird are said to predict the weather for the next season. If the days are cold, a beautiful spring will arrive earlier; if the days are pleasant, spring will be delayed, and winter will persist., Last week, major retailers from across the world flocked to New York City for Retail’s Big Show, the annual convention organized by the National Retail Federation. At the closing ceremony on January 20, the award for “International Retailer of the Year” was announced: Eataly! Nicola Farinetti, Eataly CEO and son of founder Oscar, accepted the award before the more than 27,000 exhibitors, 300 speakers, and 80 countries represented at the Javits Convention Center. 

“It has taken several years to develop our business, but in the end, we have succeeded,” Nicola said, describing his father’s dream of creating a place where people could “eat, shop, and learn about la dolce vita., "Our target audience is everyone," is the fifth point in Eataly's Manifesto. Each week, we'll be sharing key points from our manifesto. At Eataly, we dedicate on only bringing high-quality food and drink to you. We cater to everyone, whether you're picking up ingredients for dinner, enjoying a delicious meal at one of our restaurants, or even stopping by for gelato. We want Eataly to be a place where you can be comfortable and happy, every time you visit us., Planning a trip to Eataly NYC? This January, eat better – and save better – by whipping up this recipe for a classic Italian dessert, available at only $7 for four servings during the Eataly Anniversary Sale, going on till January 31. At Eataly, we encourage you to cook at home. Donning the apron need not take hours, though – especially with this sweet and simple recipe for semifreddo al torroncino. Torino is known for its desserts, such as its namesake torrone, Italy’s answer to nougat, and dark chocolate. A crowd pleaser, this traditional chilled dessert features both., At Eataly, we believe in eating by season. Fruits and vegetables taste so much better – and are so much better for you – closest to harvest. And from December through April, citrus fruits are in peak season! To capitalize on this versatile winter bounty, we’re offering you five ways to incorporate citrus into your life., Ever wonder what it's like to work at Eataly? 
To be part of the Eataly Family, visit bit.ly/1HiCw20, to view the list of open positions at our upcoming Boston store, opening this Fall., Planning a trip to New York this month? Visit Eataly, as we're celebrating our 9th anniversary with a worldwide sale, #EatBetterSaveBetter. Enjoy new dishes in our restaurants, over 50 products at 50% off in our marketplace, and a new program of cooking classes—all at super low prices., Before you dive into the coming year, take a note from 2015. Last year, our best sellers included some of the highest quality products from Italy. When you shop our selection of bronze-extruded pasta, extra virgin olive oil, artisanal chocolates, and more, you will guarantee a year dedicated to quality. Buon Anno!

Start shopping for your favorites: bit.ly/1OI6lGb, Buon Anno! Happy New Year! To celebrate the year to come, as we do with our family, we want to look back at the best moments that we shared with you in 2015 with an end-of-year review!

On February 25, we welcomed another Italian store with Eataly Forlì. On May 1, we launched our pavilion in Expo 2015 Milano through October 31. Less than three weeks later, Eataly Brasil opened in Sao Paulo on May 19. In April, we broke the news that Eataly Boston will open in 2016, joining Eataly NYC and Eataly Chicago in the USA. On the other side of the globe, we ushered in the first South Korean store in Seoul with 서래마을 EATaly on August 21. Finally, on November 26, Eataly München opened its doors to Germany. Which new Eataly will you visit next year?

Across the world, 31 million of you visited Eataly in 2015. Grazie mille! We can't wait to discover what is to come in 2016., Eataly’s selection of sweets comes from producers steeped in history. During the Neapolitan wars of the 1860s, cacao was strictly rationed. In the region of Piemonte, confectioner Pier Paul Caffarel started to experiment with the local hazelnuts that flourish in Le Langhe hills. It’s said that he created the first “gianduja,” the beloved chocolate hazelnut spread.  To this day, Caffarel, Baratti & Milano, Venchi and Golosi di Salute, use the same prized Le Langhe Hazelnuts IGP to make their gianduja and chocolates. For 150 years in Torino, Leone has been crafting artisan candies and producers like Mieli Thun and Bastianich preserve the ancient art of honey collection. 

Shop our selection of sweets online: bit.ly/22yXh0Q, Making fresh pasta may seem daunting, but it is a simple luxury that you can enjoy every day. Follow our five-step guide, and learn how to transform basic ingredients into fresh pasta with only your hands and a rolling pin – just like nonna! Egg pasta is the most common form of fresh pasta in Italy. 

After perfecting fresh egg pasta dough, experiment with different shapes and variations!

Learn how to make fresh egg pasta dough: bit.ly/1QSw0mj, 'Tis the season for panettone, Italy's traditional holiday cake. While the fluffy, rich treat is delicious on its own, Chef Lidia Bastianich knows how to dress a panettone in the most heavenly way possible. According to legend, the first panettone was created in Milano in the 15th century. Literally "big bread," the treat is traditionally made with natural yeast that takes at least 30 hours to rise, then filled with a generous helping of candied fruit and raisins. Let Lidia Bastianich show you how to dress and enjoy your panettone at home!

Learn more about how the Panettone was created: bit.ly/21CL1vJ, The ideal meal is a concert of dishes and drinks that harmonize together, drawing the diner to the next course. For a twist on a tasting menu, try a new beverage pairing: soda! From antipasto to dolce, each dish deserves to be highlighted by a carefully-chosen drink. But often – especially around the holidays – people who are limiting or avoiding alcohol get lost in the mix. Enter: soda. Not just any soda, of course. As you might select a fine wine or quality beer, build your menu with all-natural sodas, made with the finest mineral water and high-quality ingredients with no added coloring or preservatives to be found.

Learn more with our guide: bit.ly/1TeSwDA, "The secret to quality of life? Quality products." is the fourth point in Eataly's Manifesto. Each week, we'll be sharing key points from our manifesto. At Eataly, we dedicate on only bringing high-quality food and drink to you. Quality food means quality time enjoying it with the ones you love. We can't wait till next year, when we get to bring everyone together with delicious food and drink in Boston., Butternut squash is a cornerstone cold-weather ingredient that makes us forget all about summer. Our Ravioli di Zucca recipe wraps the sweet, nutty squash in fresh pasta, douses it in a savory brown-butter-sage sauce, and makes your kitchen smell amazing. In other words: meet your new favorite comfort dish of the season. 

Learn how to make Ravioli di Zucca: bit.ly/227Tt6x, On this episode of "Taking Requests," Mario Batali took a trip to our marketplace and shopped for octopus, garlic, peperoncino and hazelnuts, based on ingredients suggested by Marie-Chantale from Ottawa. “Taking Requests” brings Mario’s culinary wizardry to the foods you love. Let Mario know what your four favorite ingredients are and he might whip up a custom recipe just for you! Watch the video and see the beautiful dish that Mario creates.

Get the recipe here: bit.ly/1WCFpw0, Every year, people across Italy celebrate the feast day of Santa Lucia, the patron saint of the blind and her hometown of Siracusa, Sicilia, on December 13. Santa Lucia, or Saint Lucy, was persecuted for her faith around 300 C.E., making her one of the earliest recorded Christian martyrs. According to the traditional story, the virtuous young woman refused to marry a powerful pagan man, who had fallen in love with her legendary eyes. Spurned, he sent his soldiers to blind her, but miraculously, her eyes were restored. Thus, Santa Lucia is venerated as the patron saint of the blind across the world.

Learn more about this Italian holiday and traditions here: bit.ly/1Z1sHdj, "Our passion has become our job." is the third point in Eataly's Manifesto. Each week, we'll be sharing key points from our manifesto. At Eataly, we've dedicated our daily lives to promoting a real understanding of high-quality food and drink, and we can't wait till next year, when we get to bring everyone together with delicious food and drink in Boston., 'Tis the season for holiday shopping (yes, already)! At Eataly, we have curated an all-new selection of premium gift boxes, each curated box is hand-packed with Italy's most iconic, high-quality ingredients, from the sweet La Dolce Vita to the savory Pastapedia. Give your favorite Italophile one of our regional gift boxes, which introduce the typical food and drink of Italy's regions (complete with recipe!), or share The Eatalian Passport, bursting with products from across Italy. We have a taste of Italy for every taste.

Shop our great selection of gift boxes at our marketplace and online: bit.ly/1Q76fhb, C’era una volta – once upon a time – the world did not yet know panettone, the traditional Italian cake that we eagerly anticipate every holiday season. Although its origins are not certain, we love this sweet creation legend. One winter in the 15th-century, the Duke of Milano, Ludovico il Moro, threw a magnificent Christmas Eve feast for all of his royal court. Each of the 12 luxurious courses was overseen by a different team of chefs, all tasked with making the Duke seem as wealthy and powerful as possible. By the end of the dinner, the castle kitchens had been all but emptied of ingredients, and the guests were ready for dessert.

Read our "Legend of the Panettone", to learn about how this Italian holiday favorite was created: bit.ly/21CL1vJ, At Eataly, we are proud to work with Calvisius, a northern Italian caviar farm in Lombardia that sources eggs from endangered sturgeons by using sustainable methods that save the fish — and deepen the flavor. So, when you savor our caviar, it will all be in good taste, both on the plate and for the planet. Across the world, caviar is considered the ultimate delicacy. From spoon to garnish, discover how to enjoy the rich, buttery ingredient in your own home with our guide! (Yes, we’re talking about fish eggs. Tasty, salt-cured fish eggs.)

Learn how to serve caviar with our guide: bit.ly/21D0PP0, This Cyber Monday, Eataly is getting fresh with free shipping on all truffles, caviar, and meat. Order our high-quality fresh products, and we will deliver them to your doorstep – free of charge.

Shop our selection of fresh products here: bit.ly/1PT75hL, "Food unites us all." is the second point in Eataly's Manifesto. Each week, we'll be sharing key points from our manifesto. Food is a universal language, and we can't wait till next year, when we get to bring everyone together with delicious food and drink in Boston., Pasta may be Italy’s most famous first course, but rice is equally key to Italian cuisine. During the Renaissance, the swamps near Milano were turned into rice paddies, and rice has played a starring role ever since. One of our favorite Milanese dishes is Saffron Risotto.

Learn how to make Risotto allo Zafferano: bit.ly/1QNwEzN, "We're in love with food," is the first point in Eataly's Manifesto. Each week, we'll be sharing key points from our manifesto. We can't wait till next year, when we get to share our love of high quality food and drink with everyone in the Boston., We are in the heart of truffle season, which means one thing: it's time to step up your tuber game. Today, our online shop is offering our premium fresh white truffles from Italy at unparalleled prices. 

Shop online to browse our selection of fresh truffles and truffle products: bit.ly/1HXzTmt, Ancient Romans believed that the truffle was created when lightning struck damp earth. Today, we know that the small tuber grows underground in the wild forests of northern and central Italy. Even so, modern Italians – and Eatalians – maintain the magic of the truffle, referring to the earthy and aromatic ingredient as “a fairy apple,” “a diamond of the kitchen,” and “the gem of poor lands.”

Discover how to incorporate this culinary gold into your life with our 9-step guide: bit.ly/1MgMrlw

Tomorrow, November 19, we're offering fresh white and burgundy truffles at a special price on our website for Truffle Day. Browse our selection of truffle products here: bit.ly/1HXzTmt, Eataly is coming to Boston in 2016! 

Before opening, we want to share our favorite Italian food, recipes, and stories with our friends in Beantown. Eataly Boston will introduce you to artisanal pasta air dried in the Mediterranean breeze, the freshest local produce, the importance of high-quality extra virgin olive oil from Italy's 20 regions, and much more. So, while you wait for our Boston store, enjoy the tastes of Eataly – and Italy – in your own home with our specially-curated gift box, Eataly Boston. Order online here: bit.ly/1HNCZnx

Then, combine the products in the gift box with this delicious, classic recipe for Spaghetti al Pomodoro: bit.ly/1WWUwAB, null)