List(Happy Easter everyone! Join us for dinner and drinks, Come join us for some great food and fun!, null, The one and only Shaquille O'Neal in The lounge yesterday., It was a great pleasure hosting Charlestown social club event., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, We were very honored to host a brunch party for Charlestown community. 🎉🎊🎊, Go Bruin's 👍👍. See you at #tangierino bar., Come celebrate Valentine's day with us! We are known for being the most romantic spot in Boston. Reserve your table now before it gets booked!, Go patriots !!! We are in game mode 👍, Tonight we are serving pan seared black sea bass with falafel crab meat topped with regular cucumber salad finished with fused harissa sauce, Combine green tea, mint leaves and a hearty dose of sugar or honey to make this traditional Moroccan beverage., null, A wide variety of Moroccan Spices are used in Tangierino cooking to create rich, flavorful, and zesty – but not spicy – dishes and salads., Happy new year and best wishes from all Tangierino and Koullshi crew 🍸🍸, Join us on New Years we are offering one of the best 3 course dinner in Boston includes free cover charge to koullshi lounge for belly dancing shows best cigars selection hookah flavors and more and don't forget to take advantage of early sitting doors open at 5 we hope to see you there 🎁🎇🎊🎉🎈💝✨🍸🍷🍺🍻, Join us in Tangierino and Koullshi lounge to enjoy our social and art performence.Our belly dancing show is entertaining as our belly dancers love to engage the guests in dancing., Tangierino just recently added 15 new items to the  menu,fusion between old world ( very traditional Moroccan food) and new word ( French Mediterranean style) ENTREES and APPETIZERS .
                        APPETIZERS

BONELESS SHORT RIBS: Braised Tender Ribs in Figs,Prunes,Toasted Sesame,Crispy Eggplant.

RAS EL HANOUT FOIE GRAS:Almond Seared Foie Gras,Brioche of Wild Berries,Figs,Peach Puree.   ...............
And many more delicious appetizers

                         ENTREES

TAGRA* : Maine Sea Scallops & Jumbo Shrimps,Ragu of Wild Mushrooms,Leeks 
                 Black Truffle Sauce 

       LOBSTER MACARONI & CHEESE.

ROASTED STATLER CHICKEN: Walnuts Creamy Spinach And Artichoke,Rosemary & Cipollini Onions Sauce.

MOROCCO STYLE DUCK BREAST WITH ALMONDS* Poached Figs,Baby Spinach,    Almond Couscous & Gloden 
                  ....................
And many more delicious entree come join us for exotic romantic experience, Wishing you peace, joy, and all the best this wonderful holiday has to offer. May this incredible time of giving and spending time with family brings you joy that lasts throughout the year., null, Art of Tangierino, tonight we are serving pan seared cod served over grape tomatoes fingerling potatoes English peas spinach and shiitake mushrooms topped with lobster finished with white Charlotte creamy sauce garnished with green yellow red peppers, null, Tonight we are serving grilled mako shark over risotto with bay scallops baby shrimp and grilled asparagus finished with lemon zest beure blanc white sauce, null, null, null, null, Tangierino restaurant was named after city in Morocco,tangier., Tangierino restaurant was named after a city in Morocco, Tangier., SULTAN'S KADRA 
Za'atar spiced Rack of Lamb (za'atar is wild spice the grows in Morocco very similar to thyme ) served with slightly breaded eggplant with 4 different cheeses in the middle figs, wild mashrooms, Apricots,finish with rosemary reduction sauce., null, null, null, null, null, Tangierino will be serving a Four Course $75 Pre Fixe Menu on Valentine's Day. Please call 617.242.6009 to confirm your reservation if you have not done so. We look forward to having you!, Take a break from the shoveling and come in for $5 Tapas tonight, Click on the link to view our new brunch menu http://www.tangierino.com/menus.html, Go Pats!!! Come cheer them on at the bar!, We will not be open tonight. Wishing everyone warmth & safety!, Tangierino will be open this evening! Shake off the snow with some tapas tonight., We are open tonight, come join us if you can , but most importantly be safe., Serving Brunch Sunday's 10 am - 3 pm
Our new Brunch Menu is a combination of Old and New World Cuisine from Around the World, Wake up and treat yourself, $5 Tapas Menu at the Bar for Patriots Fans watching the Patriots take on the Ravens! Offer valid this Saturday 4:30 pm - 8:00 pm. Who's going to be watching?, Warm up with the flavors of Morocco at Brunch this weekend (Sat-Sun 10 am - 2 pm)
Pictured is the Kabab Maghdour - braised lamb tips in chermoula sauce with scrambled eggs, chickpeas and potatoes., Serving a Bloody Mary Infused with Chermoula and Topped with Shrimp Cocktail today at Brunch 10 am - 2 pm and Sunday 10 am - 2 pm, null, Print and present this coupon to your server at Brunch (Saturdays and Sundays 10 am - 2 pm) to receive 20% off your food. Offer expires 1/18/15., Thank you to all that came out to celebrate and ring in the new year with us! We look forward to having you in 2015. 

We will be serving our tapas bar menu starting at 4 pm and dinner at 5 pm today., Call 617.242.6009 to reserve your spot for our NYE 4 course Dinner, null, We will be open on Christmas Day. Happy Holidays!, null, null, Call 617-242-6009 now to reserve you spot for Brunch this Saturday and Sunday 10 am - 2 pm. The Monument Special will start your day off right!, null, Call 617-242-6009 now to reserve your table for our Grand Opening of Brunch TOMORROW! Try "The Monument!", null, Call 617-242-6009 to make your reservation for our grand opening of Brunch. 

20% off Brunch Invite good through December 28th., Make your reservation for brunch this Sunday by December 5th and receive $5 off your final bill., null, null, Make your reservation at Tangierino for Thanksgiving Dinner by 10 pm tonight and receive $5 off the total on your check!, Tangierino will be serving dinner on Thanksgiving day from 5 pm -  10:30 pm.

Our special is: Oven Roasted Turkey Breast served with roasted chestnuts and merquez stuffing, sweet potato puree and sautéed haricot vert finished with port wine, cranberry sauce and cipollini onion gravy.

If you make your reservation by 10 pm tonight, receive $5 off the total on your check!, $5 Tapas Happy Hour & $8 Bar Menu Starting December 10th!, Brunch Starting December 7th! 
Saturdays & Sundays from 10 am - 2 pm. 

Start your weekend off right with our new signature bloody mary, $1 oysters & clams & $2 shrimp, Only a few tents left this evening! Call to reserve yours! 617-242-6009, Wine & Dine your significant other this weekend in one of our private tents!, Escape the cold weather this weekend & come dine at Tangierino!  Visit our website for the full menu. www.tangierino.com. Call to reserve your table today!!, 3 days until Mothers Day! Have you made reservations yet? Escape with your mother to Morocco! Tangierino is featuring an exotic 4 course menu with wine pairings. There will also be live belly dancing  Visit our website for the full menu. www.tangierino.com. Call to reserve your table today!!, null, null, http://www.simplycourtney.com/3/category/restaurant/1.html#.UxZazl7g6mE , One of our most loved  dishes is the  Sashimi kisses tuna, made with fresh top sushi-grade ahi tuna, as deep-red and meaty as a steak, sesame crusted and marinated in  a balsamic reduction, served with a Delicious spicy crab-meat potato cake. A MUST TRY, Crisp  and crunchy on the outside yet moist on the inside, our Delicious Merguez  is made with  Spiced  ground  Lamb  stuffed in  Phyllo  Dough, and is served with  a hearty smoked  Eggplant Ratatouille., null, null, null, The creative art of cooking., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Our amazingly delicious salmon, roasted in harrissa served over Moroccan style broth of olives, baby carrots, bell peppers, roasted chickpeas and fingerling potatoes., http://boston.cbslocal.com/top-lists/bostons-most-romantic-restaurants/ , Come and try our succulent, tender and juicy herb marinated  Lamb trio, served with Spiced Asparagus & Truffle Oil Mashed Potatoes, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAp1R8h329I, Made with the freshest sashimi-grade tuna in the market,Our Tuna Tartar has Layers of Spicy Tuna,
Guacamole, Cucumber,Honey Mango, Lemon Juice ,Crispy Wonton and a lot of love!!!simply mouthwatering., our scratch kitchen only uses fresh high quality ingredient.
A reason we make all our recipes from scratch! they just taste better and are so healthy for you,so come join us and enjoy a delicious healthy dinner., Happy day to everyone,we hope to see you at the bar for some great wines and delicious cheeses, null, null, Come join us for a festive and romantic dinner at Tangierino Restaurant tonight., null, null, checkout this great review ! thank you for your feedback., New Years Eve Masquerade Party at Koullshi Lounge, New Years Eve Dinner Special at Tangierino, From Tangierino & Koullshi team: WE offering 50% off from the tapas menu today,  from 8 to 10, come and grab a bite and enjoy the game. Go Red Sox!!!, Hi, Koullshi fans. We invite you to a night of sports and fine cigars in our smoking lounge. With multiple TVs, the best air purification system in New England and one of the best spirits menu in the city, we have your night covered. Grab a bite from our Tapas Menu, and watch the game in style. Go Sox!, It's Friday, what are your plans for tonight? #tgif #friday #tangierino #night #fun, Did you know Koullshi Hookah Lounge features the only state of the art air makeup system in the Northeast. We have over 70 of the World's finest cigars and a variety of hookah flavors including  mint, sweet melon, and many other flavors. Come visit us today!, @samkanter thank you for this great image of our one of a kind walk in humidor showcasing over 70 hand selected cigars from around the world, we couldn't have done it better ourselves. See you soon! #cigars #koullshi #display, Enjoy your Saturday night with a few friends in our hookah lounge! #hookah #drinks #night #saturday #fun #friends #music, In need of some privacy? We can provide you with the most privacy in any restaurant. As us about our tents for dinner! #tangierino #koullshi #restaurant #food #good #enjoy #fun #drinks, Belly dancing shows every night, see you soon!! #tangierino #koullshi #hookah #bar #dancing #drinks, Happy Saturday! Will we be seeing you here tonight? #hookah #drinks #dinner #lounge #koullshi, Tangierino Restaurant provides an excellent space for private events. Contact us for further information! #tangierino #koullshi #dinner #food #restaurant #lounge #music #fun, Have your palm read on Monday and Tuesday nights downstairs in our Koullshi Lounge! Bring family and friends to join in the fun. #reading #future #fate #tangierino #koullshi #fun #enjoy, Friday nights are great for spending quality time with your friends in our brand new #VIP rooms. Stop by and say hi. #hookahs #dance #cigars #music, We hope you enjoyed your night with us! Don't forget belly dancing shows twice a night in the lounge! #tangierino #lounge #hookah #dancing #drinks #fun, Tangierino and Koullshi team would like to welcome the newest VIP Member, Albert Matios. We Thank you for choosing our  cigar lounge, and  wish you full enjoyment of all the benefits that your Membership package offers., KOULLSHI Cigar and Hookah lounge is The New Realm of Escape offering fine cigars, premium Hookahs, Belly dancing shows, Tarot reading, and an award winning Tapas menus , KOULLSHI Cigar and Hookah lounge is The New Realm of Escape offering fine cigars, premium Hookahs, Belly dancing shows, Tarot reading, and an award winning Tapas menu.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDqcF-_mgLE, Happy Thursday! Koullshi Cigar and Hookah Lounge offers premium hookahs, belly dancing, tarot readings, and an award winning tapas menu. #hookah #dancing #drinks #lounge #fun, Looking for a relaxing mid-week treat? Begin your perfect night at Tangierino Restaurant and continue at Koullshi Lounge. , Looking for a relaxing mid-week treat? Begin your perfect night at Tangierino Restaurant and continue at Koullshi Lounge. 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZUyLBcHtsU, TGIF!! Have you seen our new Martini & Drink list? Featuring all new drinks with a Moroccan twist. Including the Flying Carpet, Snake Charmer & the Drunken Camel. Unlike any drinks in town. Pair one of them with our new Moroccan Sliders or Moroccan Wings. It will certainly be the most sumptuous sensory experience!!, Koullshi Lounge has over 40 new flavors of hookah offered! Have you visited our walk-in humidor with over 70 of the world's finest cigars? We also offer the full menu downstairs including the new 4 course dinner options, new tapas, pizzas and more. Visit us today!, Did you know Tangierino and Koullshi have Belly Dancing shows EVERY NIGHT of the week. It is an experience unlike any other in Boston. Come try our new menus, hookah and see a show! We open at 5pm!, Happy Friday! Come in early Friday and Saturday 5-6pm and get a 4 course dinner with Wine Pairings! We have 2 options. Great deal! Make your reservations now!, We are hosting another open house today.  Looking for servers, bartenders, bussers, and other positions. Stop in and fill out an application today!!, Check out our NEW 4 Course Dinner Menus offered with wine pairings. Offered every night of the week! They are a great deal!, Tangierino & Koullshi are hosting an open house today from 1pm-4pm. Hiring for all positions! Stop in and bring your resume!, Happy Mother's Day to all the fabulous Moms out there! Treat her to The Mystic of Marrakech, a 4 course dinner with wine pairings. We also have belly dancing shows and tarot card readings for Mom. Opening early at 4pm. Give her the real Moroccan Experience she'll never forget!!, Check out our new menus tonight!!, FEATURING ALL NEW MENUS AT TANGIERINO RESTAURANT & KOULLSHI LOUNGE DEBUTING TODAY!!
 
IN THE RESTAURANT: 4 COURSE DINNERS W/ WINE PAIRINGS, NEW WORLD & OLD WORLD OPTIONS, CHOPHOUSE SELECTIONS. 

IN THE BAR & LOUNGE: TAPAS, PIZZAS, SLIDERS & MOROCCAN WINGS. 40 NEW HOOKAH FLAVORS, CIGAR & SCOTCH PAIRINGS. 

THIS IS YOUR CULINARY PASSPORT TO MOROCCO!!! 

VISIT WWW.TANGIERINO.COM FOR ALL THE MENUS!, Mother's Day is a few days away! Treat your Mother to a Moroccan Feast! Doors open early at 4pm. Reservations still available! Call today 617.242.6009!, null, null, Check out our Mother's Day Menu!, One week until Mothers Day! Have you made reservations yet? Escape with your mother to Morocco! Tangierino is featuring an exotic 4 course menu with wine pairings. There will also be live belly dancing and tarot card readings. Visit our website for the full menu. www.tangierino.com. Call to reserve your table today!!, Did you know Koullshi Hookah Lounge features the only state of the art air makeup system in the Northeast. We have over 70 of the World's finest cigars and a variety of hookah flavors including jasmine, mint, sweet melon, and many other flavors. Come visit us today!, Join us on Mother's Day for a Moroccan Feast!, Tangierino and Koullshi Boasts Privates Rooms For Functions, Intimate Dinning, and Celebrations, null, The World's Most Luxurious Cuisine, null, null, Koullshi offers several options for hookah. Single flavor and multiple flavors., The perfect end! End your night in the lounge with the most mystic vibe. Koullshi is one of the only bars in Boston with a full liquor license where you can smoke hookah, cigars and cigarettes., Tangierino and Koullshi Boasts Privates Rooms For Functions, Intimate Dinning, and Celebrations, Join our exclusive cigar membership or enjoy single cigars, Great Start! Begin your journey at the crossroad of civilization, with the world's most luxurious cuisine, Tangierino Restaurant., Tangierino Restaurant is debuting a new menu this evening!, null)