List(Have you try our Mezcalita?
 we combined mezcal with Agavero liqueur and then balanced it with cilantro and Jalapeños to create this bold sweet and spicy  infusion ., null, null, The margarita on the rocks may be the favorite, “If I were giving advice to someone who didn’t really want a strong drink, I would suggest a frozen margarita because it still tastes good, but it cuts the tequila flavor.” Another common sentiment was that margaritas made with purees, such as strawberry  or Mango, tastes better in the frozen form., Queso Fundido With Chorizo: melted cheese with Mexican sausage. this is one of the most popular appetizers on our menu.
 It's delicious, crunchy, and decadently cheesy., Don't forget that Casa Romero is serving lunch every Saturday & Sunday From Noon until 4:00pm on Sat and from 1:00pm until 4:00pm on Sun . We have the best Tortas in the New England
http://www.casaromero.com/#!lunch-menu/c1dxs, We Turn street food into gourmet dishes , this beef quesadillas are quite popular . We call them "Caramelos " We used top quality steak and a blend of 3 cheeses simply delicious, Huarache de Filete de Res 
Thick, oblong masa tortillas (named huarache, or sandal, because of their shape) are topped with grated cheese, salsa roja, sauteed steak  in this classic street food., None of our tamales have any chemicals or preservatives. They are made daily as the orders come in. Always cook with fresh quality ingredients., we have some great news for all Casa Romero followers. we are in the process of upgrading our Tequila and Mezcal lists with some great choices from known and unknown brands . If there is a Mezcal  that you love and you will like to see it on our new list please Comment below, null, A tres leches cake, also known as pan tres leches, is a sponge cake—in some recipes, a butter cake—soaked in three kinds of milk: evaporated milk, condensed milk, and heavy cream., at Casa Romero you can find a great variety of premium Tequilas  from all of the traditional brands and some of the newcomers don't hesitate to ask your server for our latest selection, Chef Leo Romero is in Mexico for one month, doing some research but he will be back in March with some new ideas and simple recipes. In the mean time you can watch our latest episode. Please comment, share and tell your friends, Join La Fiesta this weekend . Why wait until Monday...
We pay tribute and honor the margarita on this special day of celebration.  We so deeply respect and value its place in our history that we have set aside Feb. 22 of every year as National Margarita Day.
Loved and consumed by millions, friends and families around the world honor this sacred tequila, Cointreau and lime drink every year on February 22., An enchilada is a corn tortilla rolled around a filling and covered with a chili pepper sauce. Enchiladas can be filled with a variety of ingredients, including meat, cheese, beans, potatoes, vegetables, seafood or combinations.
Chicken Enchiladas Verdes is one of the most popular dishes here at Casa Romero., null, Flan is a delicate baked caramel custard dessert, popular in Mexico and South and Central America. When flan is done correctly, it’s absolutely the most heavenly dessert you’ve ever tasted., Are you looking for a venue to celebrate your birth day or have a business meeting? look no further you can book your next event with us . Casa Romero's private room seats up to 22 people comfortably. There is not room charge only a consumption minimum and we can also create custom menus with your company logo . 
please call us at 617-536-4341, Flautas:
(Spanish for "small taco"), rolled taco, or flauta   is a Mexican food dish most often consisting of a small rolled-up tortilla and some type of filling, including beef, cheese or chicken. The filled tortilla is crisp-fried.
Casa Romero Chicken Flautas with Tomatillo sauce , Guacamole & shredded lettuce. Simply delicious, Check out the brand new episode of our Video blog 
" Cooking with Leo" this week Chef Leo Romero will teach us how to prepare " Escabeche of Shrimp".  This recipe is very easy to make  and is a great appetizer to impress family and friends, Great news everyone Chef Leo Romero has created a really good Prix Fix Menu for the most romantic night of the year 
" Valentine's Dinner" . Make your reservation today because seating is limited if you like to see the menu or Make your reservation online just click on the link below
http://www.casaromero.com/#!valentines-dinner-menu/c1qi3, Casa Romero will be closed for repairs on Sunday February 7 and Monday February 8 , 2016 . We will reopen for regular business hours on Tuesday February 9 at 5:00 pm, Love is in the air . If you haven't make your reservation for Valentine's yet  today is a good day don't wait until the last minute avoid disappointment.
http://www.casaromero.com/#!valentines-dinner-menu/c1qi3, “Nuestra casa es su casa” (“Our home is your home.”) is a phrase that exemplifies the homelike atmosphere and warm hospitality of Casa Romero, Fans of Casa Romero say that the best Mexican fare is found right here, where top-notch ratings rule the menu. Traditional vegan food is offered at Casa Romero. Nothing can beat sharing a meal with friends and family. Come to Casa Romero for great food for any size party. 

., null, Don't forget that Casa Romero is serving lunch every Saturday & Sunday From Noon until 4:00pm on Sat and from 1:00pm until 4:00pm on Sun . We have the best Tortas in the New England
http://www.casaromero.com/#!lunch-menu/c1dxs, If you need some Mexican food for the Super Bowl we got you covered. place you order and advance and get 10% discount please call us @ 617-536-4341 for pricing, Great news everyone Chef Leo Romero has created a really good Prix Fix Menu for the most romantic night of the year 
" Valentine's Dinner" . Make your reservation today because seating is limited if you like to see the menu or Make your reservation online just click on the link below
http://www.casaromero.com/#!valentines-dinner-menu/c1qi3, If you don't know what to cook for breakfast we have a very simple recipe that you may like making at home. Check out our latest video blog with Chef Leo Romero, We proudly present the second episode of our cooking blog this week Chef Leo Romero is going to teach you how easy is to make Chilaquiles . I hope that you enjoy this cooking lesson please like , comment and repost we need your support to spread the word...., Chilaquiles  is a traditional Mexican dish. Typically, corn tortillas cut in quarters and lightly fried are the basis of the dish. Green or red salsa or mole is poured over the crisp tortilla triangles, called totopos. The mixture is simmered until the tortilla starts softening. Pulled chicken is sometimes added to the mix. It is commonly garnished with cream crema, shredded queso fresco, raw onion rings and avocado slices. Chilaquiles can be served with refried beans, eggs (scrambled or fried), beef and guacamole as side dish., Stay tuned for the second episode of cooking with Leo. This week   chef Leo Romero will teach us how to make some delicious Chilaquiles .In the meantime you can watch this video and learn how to make the salsa casera., null, null, null, For the first time in so many years we will be open in New Year's day for lunch and dinner . If you have a lot to drink the night before come to Casa Romero we have the best micheladas in the back bay., Time is running out !!!! 
Make your reservation for New Year's Eve dinner today. If you like to see the menu please click on the link below
http://www.casaromero.com/#!new-years-eve-menu/c22q9, A lot of people always ask our servers what is the secret to make such a good Salsa Casera and today you are going to learn how to make it. check the first episode of Chef Leo Romero's cooking blog, Great news everyone i am glad to present to you  our first episode of our new cooking blog titled "COOKING WITH LEO" for this first episode we decided to start with a basic recipe - Salsa Casera is the very foundation of Mexican cooking i hope that you enjoy this as much as we did filming it.  Please comment or help us promote this great idea ....Stay tuned for the next episode
Feliz Navidad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXsk_oyVroE&feature=youtu.be, null, null, Christmas is the spirit of giving without a thought of getting. It is happiness because we see joy in people. It is forgetting self and finding time for others. It is discarding the meaningless and stressing the true values., Don't wait until the last minute to get your reservation for new years eve dinner . Limited seating available for reservations please call us at 
617-536-4341, Vegetales Asados de la Temporada 
Grilled Marinated Seasonal Vegetables serve with a Guajillo Sauce & a Huilacoche Tamale., http://shoutout.wix.com/so/fL6ILrzx, take advantage of this great promotion and give your family and friends a gift certificate from Casa Romero. And remember " the way you spend your Christmas is far more important than how much", Ring in the new years with Leo Romero's 4 course prix fixe menu featuring some of our most popular dishes and some new seasonal recipes as well. 
For only $ 55.00 per person, please make your reservation as soon as possible to avoid disappointment.
On December 31, 2015 we will be serving our prix fixe menu only 
Cancellation should be made 24 hours in advance in order to avoid a $ 50 dollar cancellation fee . No Shows will be charge $ 25.00 dollars per person
To See The Menu For New Year's Just Click on the Link Below 
http://www.casaromero.com/#!new-years-eve-menu/c22q9, Great news everyone !!! We going to start a brand new cooking video blog with chef Leo Romero. he will share some of his favorite recipes making it really easy for you to learn and cook at home stay tuned...., null, This promotion is only available if you purchase the Gift Certificate at the Restaurant. For regular gift cards you can visit our website at www.casaromero.com, null, Nopales: The plant is the genus Opuntia from the Cactaceae family, or what is commonly known as the Prickly Pear Cactus. Nopal means cactus in Spanish and Nopales is term for "cactus stem". The term Nopalitos refers to the pads once they are cut up and prepared for eating. There are two food crops derived from the prickly pear cactus. One is the "nopalitos" which are the cactus pads and the other crop is the prickly "pear" or fruit of the cactus.
Nopales is a vegetable that can be eaten grilled or boiled. Over cooking may give them a slightly "slimy" texture you may want to avoid. Frequently the nopales are added to eggs, or as a vegetable in soups, chilies or a filling in a tortilla.

The best preparation we have tried is to prepare the nopal leaves (remove spines) then grill over hot coals till tender and slightly browned. Then slice into nopalitos strips and toss with a squeeze of lime and a little bit of olive oil. They are delicious.  There is also a local restaurant that grills portobello mushrooms along with the nopales an slices both and serves them tossed together.

Ensalada de Nopales Casa Romero, null, null, Cochinita means baby pig, so true cochinita pibil involves roasting a whole suckling pig. Alternatively, pork shoulder (butt roast), or pork loin is used in many recipes. The high acid content of the marinade and the slow cooking time tenderizes the meat, allowing otherwise tough pieces of meat to be used. The Yucatecan recipes always employ the juice of Seville or bitter oranges for marinating. In areas where bitter oranges are not common, juice of sweet oranges combined with lemons, limes, or vinegar are employed to approximate the effect of the bitter orange on the meat.  Another important ingredient in all pibil recipes is achiote (annatto), which gives the dish its characteristic color and adds to flavor. It is usually eaten with side dishes as: corn tortillas, red pickled onion, refried black beans and habanero chilies. Traditionally, cochinita pibil was buried in a pit with a fire at the bottom to roast it. The Mayan word pibil means "buried".
Cochinita Pibil Casa Romero, null, Mexican Chorizo
How it's made and sold: Mexican chorizo is a spicy ground meat sausage that is most commonly sold fresh and uncooked, either loose or in a casing, although dried versions do exist. It is sold with other raw meats or sausages at the grocery store.
Ingredients: While it is usually made of pork, Mexican chorizo is a highly seasoned fatty sausage and can be made out of other meats like beef. Most versions are bright or dark red in color due to the seasonings, but there is also green chorizo, which gets its namesake color from chiles and cilantro.
How to use it: Mexican chorizo must be cooked before eating. Even though it can be sold in a casing, recipes usually call for the meat to be removed from the casings before being cooked and crumbled in the pan. It can be used in tacos, tortas, and is often served at breakfast with scrambled eggs in Mexico.
Casa Romero Baked Cheese with Chorizo, null, null, null, Huitlacoche The Mexican Corn Truffle
Huitlacoche (also spelled cuitlacoche) is a fungus which grows naturally on ears of corn (Ustilago maydis). The fungus is harvested and treated as a delicacy. The earthy and somewhat smoky fungus is used to flavor quesadillas, tamales, soups and other specialty dishes
How To Prepare Fresh Huitlacoche
If you live in an area with a large corn crop, or if you have a garden you may find fresh huitlacoche. Here are some preparation instructions.

Preparation Carefully pull the husks away from the ear of corn and remove them. Pull away the corn silks and discard. Use a sharp knife and cut the corn kernels from the cob slicking close to the cob as possible keeping your knife parallel to the cob. Remove any additional corn silks that still adhere to the huitlacoche. Roughly chop the huitlacoche (there will be bits of corn adhered to the product). 

The huitlacoche can be prepared (cooked) with garlic and chiles and used in crepes, quesadillas, or tacos. Or the product can be used "fresh" in soups or stews.
Camarones Al Huitlacoche, New Pineapple Jalapeño Margarita not too sweet , not too spicy just perfectly balanced ....this is the perfect drink to start your Friday night, null, Let’s just say it: Gift cards are the best present for almost everyone on your list.
you can buy our gift cards directly from the website just click on the link below., There is an old saying that goes  if it ain't broke, don't fix it. and that's exactly what makes Casa Romero so unique . I found this old photograph that was taking about 10 years ago and to my surprise the food, the tables , the whole presentation its been the same since day one .....43 years and counting
long live Casa Romero, Michelada  is a Mexican cerveza preparada made with beer, lime juice, and assorted sauces, spices, and peppers. It is served in a chilled, salt-rimmed glass.There are numerous variations of this beverage throughout Mexico and Latin America.

Some people in Mexico believe micheladas are a good remedy for hangovers. There are different variations of micheladas;   Casa Romero michelada is prepared with  Maggi sauce, Cholula hot sauce, Worcestershire sauce,Clamato and tajin, Meet the Chef behind Casa Romero's success Sr. Leo Romero with more than 4 decades as a restaurateur in the city of Boston, take advantage of our holiday promotion when you book your next party before November 30, null, The Holiday Season it's just around the corner get your family and friends something that they will really like !!!!!
https://swipeit.com/product/483/casa-romero, Made with ripe avocados, aromatic garlic and fresh tomatoes, onions, cilantro and lime juice, guacamole adds texture and flavor to your meals and snacks. Guacamole serves as a source of several essential nutrients that benefit your health. However, it also packs a hefty caloric punch -- a cup of guacamole can contain almost 400 calories. Eat the food in moderation as part of a balanced diet.
Guacamole provides a healthy dose of unsaturated fat, the type of fat beneficial to your health. Unsaturated fat lowers harmful blood cholesterol, and a diet rich in monounsaturated fat -- the kind found in avocados -- also lowers blood pressure, according to the Harvard School of Public Health. Making your guacamole with one avocado provides you with 19.7 grams of healthy monounsaturated fat., " New New New New New "
Pineapple Jalapeño Margarita

Our Mixologist Herman Zambrano Jr.
 has created a new addition to our extensive Margarita menu .
This new concoction mixes the tropical flavors of mango liqueur and pineapple pure with muddled jalapeño and then he balances this bold flavors with silver tequila & organic agave nectar ., Torta Maya : Pulled pork, pinto bean spread and sliced avocado, topped with red cabbage, radish habanero salsa .
This torta is just one of 4 in our new lunch menu. They are delicious and loaded with meat.
if you like to see the lunch menu click on the link below
http://www.casaromero.com/#!lunch-menu/c1dxs, Book Your Next Party With Us !!!!!!!

Do you have a business, family or social event coming up? 
the Holiday season its just around the corner ,reserve your next event with us before November 30 and take advantage of our discount program, Mezcal, not "mescal" is a distilled alcoholic beverage made from the maguey plant (a form of agave, Agave americana) native to Mexico. The word mezcalmeans "oven-cooked agave".[1]

The maguey grows in many parts of Mexico, though most mezcal is made in Oaxaca. There is a saying attributed to Oaxaca regarding the drink: "Para todo mal, Mezcal, y para todo bien, también" ("For every ill, Mezcal, and for every good as well.").

It is unclear whether distilled drinks were produced in Mexico before the Spanish Conquest.The Spaniards were introduced to native fermented drinks such as pulque, also made from the maguey plant. Soon the conquistadors began experimenting with the maguey plant to find a way to make a distillable fermented mash. The result was mezcal.

Today, mezcal is still made from the heart of the maguey plant, called the "piña", much the same way it was 200 years ago, in most places In Mexico, mezcal is generally consumed straight and has a strong smoky flavor.Though mezcal is not as popular as tequila (a mezcal made specifically from the blue agave in select regions of the country), Mexico does export the product, mostly to Japan and the United States, and exports are growing, The chile relleno  literally "stuffed chile" is a dish of Mexican cuisine that originated in the city of Puebla. It consists of a stuffed, roasted, fresh poblano pepper (a mild chili pepper named after the city of Puebla), sometimes substituted with a non-traditional Hatch chile, Anaheim, pasilla or even jalapeño chili pepper. In its earliest incarnations, it was described as a "green chile pepper stuffed with minced meat and coated with eggs".In current cuisine, it is typically stuffed with melted cheese, such as queso Chihuahua or queso Oaxaca or with picadillo meat made of diced pork, raisins and nuts, seasoned with canella; covered in an egg batter or simply corn masa flour and fried. Although it is often served in a tomato sauce, the sauces can vary., null, Don't forget to make reservations for this Saturday and Sunday Lunch visit www.casaromero.com or call us @ 617-536-4341, If you loved our Ceviche and you will like to make it at home , you have to see this video. Sr Romero will teach you how to make this classic appetizer , so you can impress your friends and family.
Enjoy....., Mexican fare includes power packed ingredients like beans, whole grains, lean meats and fish, as well as antioxidant-rich spices. In fact, experts say eating these foods not only fills you up without weighing you down but may help boost your immunity .

Peppers: Sweet or spicy, peppers offer myriad health benefits. They're low in calories but packed with important nutrients like vitamin C, A and potassium. Plus, peppers contain cancer-fighting ingredients like lycopene and beta-cryptoxanthin. Plus, hot peppers may boost metabolism – makes sense when you think about how eating hot peppers can make you sweat. Hot peppers are also used to clear congestion, enhance immunity and prevent stomach ulcers by killing bacteria., Mexican cuisine is as complex as any of the great cuisines in the world, such as those of China, France, Italy and Japan, null, Check our last review by the prestigious Zagat survey, this is why we still one of the most influential Mexican restaurants in the city of Boston.  A lot of the competitors even use our menu as a template for their business .
 Casa Romero More than 43 years Serving the Best Mexican Food, An enchilada is a corn tortilla rolled around a filling and covered with a chili pepper sauce. Enchiladas can be filled with a variety of ingredients, including meat, cheese, beans, potatoes, vegetables, seafood or combinations
Enchiladas Verdes ....So yummy, null, If you are looking for a good place to have lunch on Saturday or Sunday you have to see our new lunch menu
Click on the link below, Three states in Mexico claim to be the origin of mole: Puebla, Oaxaca, and Tlaxcala. The states with the best known moles are Puebla and Oaxaca, but other regions in Mexico also make various types of mole sauces.
Moles come in various flavors and ingredients, with chili peppers as the common factor. However, the classic mole version is the variety called mole poblano, which is a dark red or brown sauce served over meat. The dish has become a culinary symbol of Mexico’s mestizaje, or mixed indigenous and European heritage, both for the types of ingredients it contains as well as the legends surrounding its origin.
A common legend of its creation takes place at the Convent of Santa Rosa in Puebla early in the colonial period. Upon hearing that the archbishop was going to visit, the convent nuns went into a panic because they were poor and had almost nothing to prepare. The nuns prayed and brought together the little bits of what they did have, including chili peppers, spices, day-old bread, nuts, and a little chocolate. They killed an old turkey, cooked it and put the sauce on top; the archbishop loved it. When the nun was asked the name of the dish, she replied, "I made a mole." Mole was the ancient word for mix; now this word mostly refers to the dish, and rarely is used to signify other kinds of mixes in Spanish
Pechuga de pollo rellena de naopalitos en salsa Mole Poblano, null, This is what i found on Wikipedia about Margaritas:
The margarita is a cocktail consisting of tequila, triple sec and lime or lemon juice, often served with salt on the rim of the glass. [note 1] The drink is served shaken with ice (on the rocks), blended with ice (frozen margarita), or without ice (straight up). 
Interesting right , but at Casa Romero we never use Triple Sec our Margaritas are prepared with The best Tequilas, fresh lime juice and Cointreau.
Casa Romero is the home of the perfect Margarita, null, Come by and try our new lunch menu every Saturday and Sunday!!!

Best Tortas in Boston!!!!, null, It's a night for our regulars at the Casa bar. Valerie enjoying her glass of red wine!!!, Wow what a great day for tequila and the Casa Romero patio. Can't get much better than this!!, So happy to be featured on this list! So many other great restaurants featured, you have to check it out! Thank you Boston.com!, Good food, good drinks, good company., Herman and Humberto are our 2 pros at making the best margaritas in Boston to beat this heat!! Come see us at the Casa!!!! — with Humberto Ortega and Herman Zambrano Jr., Huarache de Res, just like the Yucatan!! You have to try it at least once., Nopalitos en Boston!! Gracias Sr Romero por siempre poner su toque especial de México!!
Fresh Cactus in Boston Thanks Sr. Romero for always adding your special mexican touch. What a great garden!!!, null, null, null, Casa Romero is always been known for Margaritas but we have a little note that we will love to share with you about rose Wines . The summer  is here and rose wines seems to be an excellent choice to pair with a Nopalitos Salad or Camarones al Cilantro

Dry rosé is popular, particularly during the summer months. Its style, traditionally dry and light, appeals both to white and red wine drinkers seeking something cool and refreshing to help beat the heat. Winemakers produce rosé by preventing the red grapes from extended contact with the skins which gives red wines their robust flavor and tannic structure, or as a result of the saignée process. The Mediterranean nations, most notably France, Italy and Spain, 
Make sure to ask our servers for the new rose by the glass ., null, null, Are you looking for a Margarita that is Sweet & Spicy ? Let me introduce the " Strawberry Picante Margarita" . One of the most popular Margaritas here, make sure you get it on the rocks with Tajin on the rim, null, Sunday May 10th  is Mother's Day . Remember that we are open for lunch now every Saturday & Sunday, null, We have only a few seats left . Happy 5 de Mayo Everybody, 5 de Mayo is just around the corner don't wait until the last minute to make your reservation . this year it is going to be crazy!!!!, Now open for Lunch every Saturday and Sunday. Full menu and strongest margaritas on this side of town. Make your reservations @ 617-536-4341, To show you how much we appreciate your business we would like to give you a coupon for a free chicken flauta when you purchase 2 adult Entrees. This coupon can't be combined with any other promotion and is valid for Saturday and Sunday lunch only to claim your prize please visit this link:
 http://www.casaromero.com/#!lunch-coupon/clvh, null, the Most Romantic patio in the Back bay perfect for your first date or drinks with coworkers after a long week , get here early because we don't take reservations for the patio, Doordash  and Casa Romero working together to bring you the best Mexican food in the back bay right to your door. We cook it they deliver it . Always hot Always on time, Great News Everyone!!!! Now  you can Join us for lunch every Saturday and Sunday, null, we want to invite you to check our new and improved Website and we like to thank you for your unconditional support for the last 43 years 
www.casaromero.com, null, null, Let us introduce our latest creation " Mezcalita " 
There is a growing demand for mezcal these days . If you have never heard of mezcal before, mezcal is made by smoking the agave plant that’s usually boiled to produce tequila. For this brand new twist to our margarita list we combined mezcal with Agavero liquer and then balanced it with cilantro and Jalapeños to create this bold sweet and spicy  infusion ., null, its Cold Outside but you can get our Food Deliver to Your Home . Just Click on the Link Below " Door Dash Delightful Delivery ", null, Feliz dia de los enamorados / Happy Valentine's Day everyone!
 Love is in the air, null, If you are hosting a Super Bowl party, we've got you covered!
We have Appetizer Platters Available 
Chips & Salsa , Guacamole ,Chicken Wings , Ceviche . Just Call us for Pricing 617 536-4341, null, Celebrate you Romance with us !!!!! . Bring your significant other to Casa Romero for the Most Romantic Dinner of the Year . Don't Wait until the Last minute to Make your  Reservation. Call us @ 617 536 4341, If you are tired from shoveling all morning,  you can come to Casa Romero and Warm up with a Margarita. We are open Today make your Reservation @ 617-536-4341, its Cold Outside but you can get our Food Deliver to Your Home . Just Click on the Link Below " Door Dash  Delightful Delivery ", null, We are about to make history again, in one more week is Superbowl Sunday. Make sure you place your order a least 48 hours in Advance . You know we have the best Mexican Appetizers to make your Party a success.
 Call us @ 617-5364341, Its Really Cold Outside , but We Can Deliver Our Food To You Thanks to Our New Affiliate " DOORDASH" Just Visit The Link Below  
https://www.doordash.com/restaurant/2123/menu/3293/, null, null, Make Your Reservations For Valentines Now Call us @ 617-563-4341, The Super Bowl its Just Around the Corner , Surprise Your  Friends and Family with Some of the Best Mexican Platters From Casa Romero Call us @ 617536-4341, null, We wish you a Happy New Year, null, null, Make Your Reservation For New Years Eve Today . Don't Wait until the Last minute , is the best Deal in the Back bay $ 49.00 per Person for a 4 Course Meal, Feliz Navidad Everybody Casa Romero is Closed Today . but we will open Tomorrow 5:00pm Merry Christmas, null, The Best Mexican New Year's Eve Dinner in the City . If you Don't Believe me Take a Look a This Amazing Menu That Our Chefs have put Together For You to Enjoy, just a Few Seats Left for New Year's Eve Dinner at Casa Romero Time is Running Out Come Celebrate with Us call us @ 617 -536-4341, Make Your Reservation Now 617-536-4341, Puerco Adobado ,Sweet and Spicy in  Perfect Balance ., Make your Reservation Today.  This New Year's Eve  it's going to be one to Remember, see you this Sunday For Brunch from 11:00 am to 3:00 pm Rated the Best Mexican Brunch in the Back Bay, It is Cold Outside but Don't Worry ......We Deliver Now Just click on the link below
https://www.diningin.com/a-la-carte/restaurant-menu/casa-romero/boston/02115/1101061, Red Sangria By Herman Zambrano Jr. Always Refreshing, null, We have plenty of Dishes For the People Craving Vegetarian Food , but The Chile Relleno is Definitely  a Crowd  Pleaser. You can order it as an Appetizer or as a Dinner, See you Tomorrow For Brunch @ 11:00 am . We have the Best Hangover Cure " Micheladas" 
by Our Mixologist Herman Zambrano Jr, null, This is so good. A different twist on enchiladas
Crab meat & Shrimp Enchiladas is one of the Most Popular Dishes at Casa Romero, If You Like Spicy Food you have to Try " Camarones a la Diabla : Sautéed Giant Shrimp in a Creamy Spicy Chipotle Sauce  Simply Delicious, The Sexiest Margarita Ever " Cucumber Margarita " 
Silver Tequila ,St. Gemain Liqueur, Lime Juice , Cucumber Puree& Agave Nectar, null, Try our Amazing Cochinita Pibil 
Pulled Roasted Pork Marinated with Annatto Seeds served with Radish - Habanero Salsa & Corn Tortillas, If You Don't Know What Dessert To Order ? Just Order The Platter and Everyone will be Pleased, Feliz Dia De Los Muertos Come Celebrate with us this Sunday For Brunch From 11:00am - 3:00pm, We Deliver Now Just click on the link below
https://www.diningin.com/a-la-carte/restaurant-menu/casa-romero/boston/02115/1101061, null, Dessert Anyone? Pastel de Cafe y Chocolate
Mocha Mousse & Caramel on a Graham Cracker & Walnut Crust
served with vanilla ice cream &whipped cream, null, If You are Looking for the Best Michelada in the Back Bay Look no Further ......Because We Have it., null, Vegetales Asados  de La Temporada
Grilled Marinated Seasonal Vegetables served with a Guajillo Sauce & a Huitlacoche Tamale, Rated the Best Mexican Brunch in the Back Bay , Try Different Appetizers and Traditional Mexican Dishes For $ 17.95 per Person, null, Tilapia a  La Veracruzana:  
Pan Seared Tilapia with Olives , Capers, Mushrooms and White Wine Always Tasty, null, If you have a Private Event or A business Meeting We Can Bring our Food To You. WE CATER NOW, null, https://www.diningin.com/a-la-carte/restaurant-menu/casa-romero/boston/02115/1101061, See You Tomorrow for Brunch, null, If You Love Seafood you Have to Try The Camarones Al Hiutlacoche 
Broiled Shrimp Stuffed with a forcemeat of Seafood Server over a creamy Huitlacoche Sauce. Simply Delightful, null, See you Sunday for Brunch From 11:00 am To 3:00 pm . 
Make sure you ask you Server About the Mexican Bloody Mary's, yes!!!!!!!! We are So Happy to Be Open Again . Make your Reservations @ 617 -536 -4341, null, Try our "Filete De Res"  Grilled Fillet  Mignon with Chipotle Peppers , Tomatillos  and Finished with Melted Cheese, null, Fajitas Anyone? Our Fajitas Are Prepared with Sliced Chicken Breast ,Sauteed with Onions, Tomatoes,Bell Peppers,  Tomatillo & Chipotle. Served with Fresh Guacamole , Sour Cream & Four Tortillas .....pair the Fajitas  whit a Cold Corona is a Match made in Heaven..., Camarones al  Huitlacoche  Broiled Shrimp Stuffed with a Forcemeat of Seafood Served over Huitlacoche Sauce., Try Our Weekend Special !!!! Fresh Sea Scallops Pan Seared in a Chipotle - Tomatillo Sauce and Served with Rice and Grilled Asparagus...Delicious!!!!!, Who Said that Ladies don't like Tequila? this Bachelorette Party had a Blast with Don Julio Silver, null, if you never been to Casa Romero Check This Online Commercial , Thanks to End of Dayz Massmedia, Join us Every Sunday For Brunch , Rated the Most Traditional Brunch in the Back Bay.  Call us @ 617-536-4341, Check this  amazing interview with Sr Romero "Neighborhood kitchens Rules, ITS HOT OUTSIDE AND WE GOT THE PERFECT DRINK TO COOL YOU DOWN "CUCUMBER MARGARITA" WILD AND REFRESHING, null, ITS HOT OUTSIDE AND WE GOT THE PERFECT DRINK TO COOL YOU DOWN "CUCUMBER MARGARITA" WILD AND REFRESHING, WE DELIVER NOW!!!!! JUST GO TO THE DINING IN WEBSITE AND TYPE CASA ROMERO. IT'S FAST AND DELICIOUS, For Limited Time Only.... Come To Casa Romero and Try  Our Delicious Summer Specials., If You Like Seafood , You Have to Try These Great Specials That Our Chefs Have Created for you  to Enjoy  this Summer Make Sure to Pair Them up with a Cold Pacifico Beer, Introducing Our New Summer Specials! Our Summer specials are available for a limited time only. Try them soon because they won't last long!, null, Try our New Summer Special Tuna & Avocado Tacos. 
Corn Tortillas Filled with Fresh Tuna , Pico de Gallo , Grilled Red Peppers, Cubed Avocado. Served with Mexican Rice And Citrus Cole Slaw, null, Come watch the Soccer Game  this  Sunday June 29 Join us For Brunch , VIVA MEXICO, Today is the perfect day , to enjoy a Patron Margarita in our Lovely Patio ...Make your reservation Now 6175364341, Every Sunday form 11:30 am to 3:00pm Join Us For Brunch Prix Fixe Menu 17.95 also weekly Specials.  Make Your Reservation @ 
617-536-4341, great view of the prudential building right from our patio. is the perfect spot for a date with someone special, Join Us Every Sunday For the Most Authentic Mexican Brunch in The Back Bay ..Make Your Reservation Now, null, null, we had some really talented kids from Randolph Middle School for Lunch Yesterday , I Couldn't Film the Whole Performance but this Song was just Amazing , Check it out, Casa Romero is the Home of the Perfect Margarita Made with Jimador  Reposado, Cointreau & Fresh Lime Juice, Fresh Ceviche Anyone? If you like to have a Dinner Portion of this Delicious Appetizer ask your Server because is Now available, null, It's Margarita Saturday if you are  in the Back bay Join us For dinner Tonight  or come Early tomorrow for Brunch@ 11:00 am, take a look at this amazing photograph take by Alex Garcia, null, Casa Romero's Hidden Romantic Patio with the best view of the prudential building, Always packed  because  everybody loves it, null, Our Patio Is Now Open. Make sure you come Early Because Everybody Wants to Seat Outside, See you Tonite, null, null, See You on Sunday ..Happy Mothers Day We Don't Have too Many Seats Left .Make your Reservation Now.., null, Happy Mothers Day , See you on Sunday Make your Reservation Now 617-536-4341, null, Happy 5 De Mayo Everyone , Drink Responsibly....Viva La Fiesta, Treat your Mom For Brunch or Dinner this  Sunday May 11th ,Make it a Day to Remember, Make your Reservation For Mother's Day Brunch or Dinner 617-536-4341, If you Want to treat Your Mom To a Very Special  Brunch or Dinner Casa Romero is the Right Place 617-536-4341, Join us on Sunday April 20th For Easter Brunch From 11:00 Am to 3:00 pm Make your Reservation Now!!!!!!!, Check our Latest Brunch Review by 
David Volkert

visiting from the Turks and Caicos Islands and I have to say the food and servers were top notch. Brunch on Sunday was incredible, it made me wish I had more time in Boston just to eat there again., See You Next Monday . Casa Romero Will be Open at 3:00 pm  for Dinner , Make your Reservations online or Calls Us @ 617-536-4341, null, Ladies Love Casa Romero.  Great Food and Strong Margaritas the Perfect Combination For a Friday Nigth, Join Us At 3:00pm for Dinner on Monday April 21 2014, Celebrate Easter and Mothers Day with Us , We have the Best Mexican Brunch in the Back Bay 617-536-4341, If you looking for something really out of the ordinary , try our huitlacoche tamale is an excellent Vegetarian Appetizzer, Girls Night Out ,what better place than Casa Romero Great Memories , Great Margaritas is Saturday , Make your Reservation For the Most Authentic Mexican Brunch in the Back Bay...., Make your reservations For Sunday Brunch , Make sure you ask your Server For the Spanish bloodymary's  (ojo Rojo ) by Herman Zambrano Jr.  They will Knock you socks off, Sr Romero Always Working hard , Making sure that his food is always prepared with care and attention to detail. We are not a corporation , we are Family Restaurant, null, Rated one of the Best Mexican Restaurants in New England, See You tomorrow for Brunch from 11:00 Am to 3:00 pm , Please Call Us To Make Your Reservation 617-536-43-41, null, See you Tomorrow at 11:00Am for Brunch ,Try our Spanish Bloody Mary's made with Tequila yummmmm, See you Tomorrow at 11:00am for the Most authentic Mexican Brunch in the Back Bay , Ask for our New Spanish Bloody Mary's, If you can't make it for dinner tonite , no worries we deliver now just call dining in or follow the link below, null, Rated one the Best Mexican Brunches in the Back bay, From 11:00 am until 3:00 pm, Call us at 617-536-4341, Check The Latest Review From Zagat . Casa Romero 43 Years in Business and Still Going Strong....., our guest have spoken ....Check one of the latest reviews on yelp about our Sunday Brunch
http://www.yelp.com/biz/casa-romero-boston#hrid:unLUue-c5HcqDmnoyh9hCw, Make your Reservation For Sunday Brunch from 11:00 am to 3:00pm 617-536-4341, Chilaquiles en Salsa Verde is one of  the dishes that you can Enjoy on our Sunday Brunch. to See the Prix Fixe Menu , click on the link
http://casaromero.com/files/brunch_menu2014.pdf, Now You Can eat uor Food in the Comfort of your own home , Thanks to Our new Partnership with Dining in, 42 years in the Back bay serving the Strongest Margaritas in Boston 
check our latest Commercial , http://casaromero.com/files/brunch_menu2014.pdf Tomorrow is Sunday Brunch Make your Reservation Now 617-536-4341, Tomorrow is Sunday and we have  a Super Brunch From 11:00 am to 3:00pm To seeMenu
http://casaromero.com/files/brunch_menu2014.pdf, Grand Margarita, The Cadillac of Margaritas 
Made with Sauza Conmemorativo, Grand Marnier and Fresh Lime Juice, Huevos Montuleños ,They are a specialty of  Yucatan and originated in the town of Motul, a city rich with Mayan and colonial history. They’re not an everyday breakfast, more like a Sunday brunch breakfast. So good!, null, null, Mexican Crepes Anyone?, Make your Reservations For Tonight Straight from Your mobile Device thank to our New Partnership with opentable, null, null, Feb 23 2013@ 10:30 am The Casa Romero Brunch is Back Make your Reservation  Now 617536-4341, Camarones al Huitlacoche , Broiled Shrimp Stuffed with Mixed Seafood and Bread Crumbs Served over Huitlacoche Sauce , Is Delicous....., Try the New Mexican Style Crepes , Stuffed with Platano Macho and Topped with Cajeta, Served with Vanilla Ice cream ., not to many reservations left for Valentine's Day , we have an amazing prix fixe Menu Call us @ 617-536-4341, http://bit.ly/1iE4eIU, The Big Game is Coming , Are you Ready ? if you Need Some Platters For the Super Bowl we got you , Take Advantage of this Amazing Promotion, Make your Reservation For Brunch Starting February 23 2014. @10:30 am and receive a 20% Discount  Cal us at 617536-4341, http://bit.ly/1iE4eIU, Valentine's Day is Just Around the Corner and Casa Romero has A Very special Prix fix Menu for You . 4 Courses for $ 48 . Make your Reservation Now Seats are filling up Fast. 617.536.4341, The perfect Special For this Kind Of weather , Spicy  Chipotle Meatballs Served with Rice and Pinto Stewed Beans ...Yummmm, Try our Weekend  Special Mexican Style Chipotle Meatballs ,Serve with Mexican Rice and Pinto Stewed Beans. They are So Delicious...., Great News Everybody we are Bringing  The Brunch Back...., Valentine's Day is Just Around the Corner and Casa Romero has A Very special Prix fix Menu for You . 4 Courses for $ 48 . Make your Reservation Now Seats are filling up Fast. 617.536.4341, null, Please Mention this add when you Make Your Reservation For our First Brunch of 2014 . Stay tuned for More Great News , We are Bringing our Brunch Back Starting Feb 23 2014 . The First 25 Reservations will get a 20% discount, Come to Casa Romero and Try our Best Seller "The CuCumber Margarita"  Made with Silver Tequila , Cucumber puree, St Germain and Agave Nectar if you never been to casa Romero Check This Short Commercial, Make your Reservation Straigth from your phone just visit our mobile website or Visit Open Table, Happy New Year Everybody , What is your New year Resolution?, Casa Romero Restaurant  Wish You and Your Family a Happy 2014 , We will be Close Jan 1 2014 , But we will be Back on Thursday Jan 2nd.....Drink Responsibly, null, null, Come to Casa Romero For New Years Eve Dinner , We Have An Amazing Menu ,From the Appetizers to the Dessert its Definately a Nigth to Remember $ 48 Per Person, Make your Reservations online www.casaromero.com or Call us at 617536-4341, If You Haven't Seen the Menu For New Years Eve Dinner Take a Look a this wonderful 4 Course Prix Fixe  For $ 48 Per Person, null, Just so you know you can make reservation  Straight  from you mobile device thanks to our new partnership with OPEN TABLE, null, Make your Reservations For New Year Eve Now Call us at 617-536-4341, null, Its a Cold one Today and you dont feel like going out for dinner . No Problem Casa Romero Deliver Now , Just Click on the link Below, Tired of  Eating Left Over Turkey Sandwiches  and you are craving some Mexican Food Come to Casa Romero, Casa Romero is the Most Authentic Mexican Restaurant in New England ., check our latest,Video commercial forCasa Romero,Courtesy of end of dayz films, the time is runing out make your reservations now and make this year's office party one to remember....., Book your Christmas Party with us Before November 30th and you can get some amazing Discounts., null, null, WE DELIVER NOW THANKS TO OUR NEW PARTNER DINING IN https://www.diningin.com/a-la-carte/restaurant-menu/casa-romero/boston/02115/1101061, Come To Casa Romero We will open Tomorrow If you are in the Back Bay and You are Craving Some Mexican Food  Dont look any further .....happy Columbus Day everyone, If you know about tequila you always have to look for  blue Agave Tequila, null, Is Friday Everyone .Come to Casa Romero and Forget all your Worries . Have one of this Margaritas....., When its cold outside and you don't fell like going out there is always  a second option DELIVERY...., Check our New Margarita List by Herman Zambrano. Cucumber Margarita is our Best Seller Try It Tonite, Great News Everyone, check our latest review from Zagat http://www.zagat.com/r/casa-romero-boston, GREAT NEW EVERYONE WE DELIVER NOW THANKS TO OUR NEW PARTNERSHIP WITH DININGIN.COM, null, GREAT NEWS EVERYONE ...WE DELIVER NOW THANKS TO OUR NEW PARTNER DINING IN https://www.diningin.com/a-la-carte/restaurant-menu/casa-romero/boston/02115/1101061, null, Tomorrow is Mexican Independence Day Come To Casa Romero For A Fun Night , Carne Asada with an Enchilada of your Choice, null, Felling thirsty Today Stop by Casa Romero, Come and Celebrate With us Mexican Independence Day , We have a Great Tequila Selection and the best Mexican Food, null, Come and Celebrate With us Mexican Independence Day , We have a Great Tequila Selection and the best Mexican Food, Come and Celebrate With us Mexican Independence Day , We have a Great Tequila Selection and the best Mexican Food, null, Come and Try our new Special for this weekend .....Marinated sirloin Steak Tacos .......Delicious, Our food is always prepared with care and attention to detail ,following the same recipes that Sr.Leo Romero created 42 years ago. We are not just a Restaurant we are a Boston landmark, if you like to book your next event with us , we have the best deal in the back bay , no rental fee . Authenctic Mexican cuisine And the best Margaritas in New England, Monday is Labor Day and if you are in town and you want to have some authentic Mexican Food come to Casa Romero., If you have an Special occasion Casa Romero is the Place for you, TAKING MEXICAN CUISINE TO THE NEXT LEVEL ! CRAB MEAT SOPES SERVED OVER A PORTABELLO  MUSHROOM, null, null, Quality and Attention to Detail is What  Set us Apart From other Mexican Establishments, We are Not only a Restaurant but a Boston Landmark., Rated the Best Guacamole In The City If you Love Spicy Food Ask for our Habanero or Chipotle  Sauce., MAKE YOUR RESERVATION NOW.( 6175364341) CASAROMERO SERVING THE BEST MEXICAN FOOD IN NEW ENGLAND FOR 42 YEARS, Try our New Weekend Special , Tuna & Avocado Tacos w/ Pico de Gallo, Grilled Red Peppers and Cubed Avocado., new specials every weekend , if you love seafood you have to try the Tuna and avocado Tacos they are what you can call the perfect summer meal, specially if you get a cold pacifico beer or a Glass of Sangria to go with it., null, Try our Campechana de Mariscos  Is Amazing , Fresh Shrimp, Octupus & Fish Marinated in Lime .Chile ,Onions and Cilantro., Try our New Weekend Special , Tuna & Avocado Tacos w/ pico de gallo, Grilled Red Peppers and Cubed Avocado. and the Campachena de Mariscos ....Yummmm, null, Casa Romero is the hidden jewel of the Back Bay , Bring your significant other for a Romantic Dinner, Make us part of your  love Story, Passion Friut Rickyes for  everybody , thanks to Adrian from Cointreau, Need a place to celebrate an special occasion ? You can book your next party  with us , we have competitive prices , Friendly Staff and the Best Mexican Food Around, yes we have outdoor seating , in our lovely Patio, check this amazing photograph taken by Alex Garcia. share if you like it, Follow us on twitter , try our TIK - N - CHIK Haddock is so good , the flavor the presentation is definitely a hit  and you can pair it up with a glass of garnacha  for the perfect meal , will you marry me ?, She said yes......... this couple just got engaged in our patio, 
Come Try our Hot Summer Weekend Specials Tik -n-Chik Haddock and The Crab& Shrimp Enchiladas .....Deliciousssss, if you like Margaritas , you have  come to Casa Romero we Have the Strongest and more Creative Margaritas in New England if you dont Belive me Check the latest Zagat Review  for Casa Romero, Come Try our Hot Summer Weekend Specials Tik -n-Chik Haddock and The Crab& Shrimp Enchiladas .....Deliciousssss, We have outdoor sitting available also , check our lovely patio is the perfect spot for a Frozen Margarita, Casa Romero is a Boston Landmark after 42 years Serving the Most Authentic Mexican Food in New Englad , if you never been to Casa Romero i want you to see our latest Video commercial Produced by Alex Garcia, now you can follow us on twitter @ https://twitter.com/Casaromero2013, Come Try our Hot Summer Weekend Specials Tik -n-Chik Haddock and The  Crab meat & Shrimp Enchiladas .....Delicious, Come Try our Hot Summer Weekend Specials Tik -n-Chik Haddock  and  The Crab meat  and Shrimp Enchiladas .....Delicious, Come Try our Hot Summer Weekend Specials Tik -n-Chik Red Snapper and Crab and Shrimp Enchiladas .....Delicious, Come  Try our Hot Summer Weekend Specials Tik -n-Chik Red Snapper  and Crab and Shrimp Enchiladas .....Delicious, If you looking for a great vegetarian dish , Cactus Enchilada is definitely the way to go . Stuffed with fresh Cactus and topped with a Red chile sauce, marinated onions & Queso Fresco, Make your reservation now 6176694780 , 42 years in the Back Bay Serving the best Mexican Food in New England, Another Happy Couple ,That came last Sunday for Margaritas and Appetizers at the Bar , they Had a Blast, This is one of my favorite Rooms in Casa Romero, Great Decor, very Romantic, perfect for couples, null, check this Amazing Picture taken by Alex Garcia From End of Dayz Films...Casa Romero, Try our Latest Creation the Cucumber Margarita is Wild and Refreshing, Frozen Margaritas  the Perfect Summer Drink , When is 100 Degrees Outside, Today's Special  Pan seared Pork Medallions in Green Mole Sauce Served with Sauteed Zucchini , Squash & Corn, Make your Reservations Now At 617-669-4780 We are The Best Mexican Food and Margaritas  in New England, CASA ROMERO WILL BE OPEN TOMORROW FROM 4 PM TO 9 PM HAVE DINNER WITH US AND WATCH THE FIREWORKS, come celebrate the 4th  of July with the Best Margaritas and Mexican Cuisine in New england Reserve now and Remember We are just a short walk from the fireworks, Chambord Margarita  Made with el Jimador Reposado, Chambord ,Cointreau & Fresh Lime Juice, So Yummyyyyyyy, New pictures Taken by Alex Garcia End of Dayz Photography, Our neighbors , Love Casa Romero let me introduce to you Another Beautiful Family , that comes for Dinner a least 3 times A week little jackson love the Guacamole, null, We have outdoor sitting available also , check our lovely patio is the perfect spot for a Frozen Margarita, New pictures Taken by Alex Garcia End of Dayz Photography, null, its All About Blue Agave at Casa Romero if you Don't Believe me  take a look, if you never been to Casa Romero this is a Picture of the Main Dinning Room ., The patio is open , make sure you get here Early because everybody wants to seat outside , perfect day for a frozen Margarita, is a perfect Day to Eat outside  Come and Join us in the  Patio is Hidden and Romantic ideal for couples, null, Cafe Casa Romero theperfect  after dinner Coffee with Cafe de la olla , brandy, Kahlua, Whipped Cream and a Dusting of cinnamon...Delicious......yummmmmm, another happy family that had a Great Father's Day dinner , this Family has been coming to Casa Romero for Years , so i Decided to ask them why they keep coming back ? and their awnser was very simple.  3 things The food and the service , and the fact that Casa Romero is a hidden jewel right  in the hearth of the Back bay, If you never been in Casa Romero check our latestVideo,Courtesy of end of dayz films, TOMORROW AT 3:00PM TOMORROW AT 3:00PM TOMORROW AT 3:00PM APPETIZZERS AND DRINK AT THE BAR , LOS ESPERAMOS, NOW FEATURING A BRAND NEW COCKTAIL BY COINTREAU CALLED LIME RICKY, THE PERFECT CHOICE FOR A SUMMER DRINK IF YOU DONT WANT A MARGARITA, we are live now in youtube Check our latest Promotional Video , for Hang over Sundays los esperamos, IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A MARGARITA THAT IS WILD AND SPICY TRY OUR MARGARITA PICANTE...., Ladies Night out at Casa Romero's  Bar .....Keep the Margaritas Coming, We won 2nd price in the creativity contest sponsored by patron this is a picture of what Hernan Marrero And Herman Zambrano put  Together using a Bottle of patron. Casa Romero Rules!!!!!, Meet the winner of our April Monthly Drawing , of a Dinner for 2 Worth $100. Dollars just for Joining our Mailing List if You interested in being on the list inbox me you Email and be elegible for Future Promotions and Discounts, Meet the winner of our April Monthly Drawing , of a Dinner for 2 Worth $100. Dollars just for Joining  our Mailing List  if You interested in being on the list inbox me you Email and be elegible for Future Promotions and Discounts, TOMORROW AT 3:OO PM HANG OVER SUNDAY APPETIZERS AND DRINKS AT THE BAR, Come join us at the bar this Sunday , We have a Great Appetizer Menu And the Best micheladas And margaritas in New England, See you at 3:00 Pm on Sunday, null, take a look of our Latest Creation, forHangover Sundays the Shrimp Cocktail served in a Cucumber Shell Yuuuuuuummy, Come and Join us Today at the Bar for Hangover Sundays from 3:00 pm to 5:00pm for appetizers and drinks, null, Come and Join us This Sunday at the Bar for Hangover Sundays from 3:00 pm to 5:00pm for appetizers and drinks, null, null, Meet the  February Winners  of our Monthly drawing  Just for Joining our mailing list you can win a dinner for 2 worth $100, CALL US NOW FOR YOUR RESERVATION 6175364341 TREAT YOUR MOM TO AN AMAZING DINNER AT CASA ROMERO, null, null, Treat your mom to a night of delicious food and fun by taking her out to Casa Romero .Make your Reservation  Now for this Sunday May 12th . call us at 6175364341, 40 years in new england ,serving the best mexican food and the strongest margaritas, if you like to start your 5 de mayo a little early you can join us at our bar at 4:00 pm , the restaurant opens at 5 but you can get your margaritas at the bar yeahhhhhh, happy 5 de Mayo Everybody Tomorrow its gonna be an Great day for Margaritas , if you don't have a reservation make sure , you call us now Before its too Late , Hurry and Reserve your table with us for 5 de Mayo. Best Margaritas In Boston, Guaranteed 100% Mexican Fiesta, Please Like Us on Facebook and be eligible for all future discounts and promotions , just click on the link below:

https://www.facebook.com/pages/Casa-Romero-Mexican-Cuisine/164490043588766?ref=hl, null, Hurry  and Reserve your table with us for 5 de Mayo. Best Margaritas In Boston, Guaranteed 100% Mexican Fiesta, Please  Like Us on Facebook and be eligible for all future discounts and promotions , just click on the link below:

https://www.facebook.com/pages/Casa-Romero-Mexican-Cuisine/164490043588766?ref=hl, check our latest,Video commercial forCasa Romero,Courtesy of end of dayz films, Happy faces always a good sign, Chef  and owner of casa Romero serving a lunch buffet, null, To all our loyal customers 

The Casa Romero Restaurant will be open this evening, Tuesday April 16th at 5:00 PM. We will be open for business as usual Sun - Thurs 5:00 - 10:00 PM and Fri & Sat 5:00 - 11:00 PM. Please call us for reservations @ 617-536-4341

All my best, Leo Romero, null, check our latest,Video commercial forCasa Romero,Courtesy of end of dayz films, null, CHECK OUT OUR LATEST CREATIONS BY HERMAN ZAMBRANO,SO MANY FLAVORS TO CHOOSE FROM, SKINNY, STRAWBERRY PICANTE,POMEGRANATE....YUUUUUUUMMY, we have been nominated by the phoenix news paper for THE BEST MEXICAN RESTAURANT in boston ,if you like to vote for us please click on the link and help us be the 2013 winner, null, Pictures By end of dayz Photography, null, we have a new winner of our monthly drawing just for joining our mailing list , they won a dinner for 2 worth 100$ http://mad.ly/ebe783, 40 years in the back bay serving the best mexican food in new england , if you never been to Casa Romero , Check our Video Commercial made by end of dayz films,, TRY OUR LATEST CREATIONS CUCUMBER MARGARITA , STRAWBERRY PICANTE MARGARITA, BLOOD ORANGE MARGARITA ,AND THE SKINNY MARGARITA.....ITS GONNA BE AN AMAZING FIESTA , MAKE YOUR RESERVATIONS NOW CALL US AT 617-669-4780 OR VISIT www.casaromero.com, we have been nominated by the phoenix news paper for THE BEST MEXICAN RESTAURANT in boston ,if you like to vote for us please click on the link and help us be the 2013 winner, HELP US WIN THIS CONTEST BY CLICKING ON THE LINK BELOW AND GIVE US YOUR VOTE . CASA ROMERO 42 YEARS SERVING THE MOST AUTHENTIC MEXICAN FOOD IN NEW ENGLAND, MAKE YOUR RESERVATION NOW STRAIGHT FROM YOUR SMART PHONE WITH OUR BRAND NEW MOBILE APP, WE HAVE BEEN NOMINATED BY THE PHOENIX NEWS PAPER PLEASE VOTE FOR US , HELP US WIN ,BY CLICKING ON THE LINK BELOW, null, we have been nominated by the phoenix news paper for THE BEST MEXICAN RESTAURANT in boston ,if you like to vote for us please click on the link and help us be the 2013 winner, 40 years in the back bay serving the best mexican food in new england , if you never been to Casa Romero , Check our Video Commercial made by end of dayz films,, null, WE HAVE THE BEST MARGARITAS IN THE BACK BAY , IF YOU DONT BELIEVE ME COME AND TRY OUR LATEST CREATIONS , SKINNY MARGARITA , BLOOD ORANGE MARGARITA ,STRAWBERRY PICANTE MARGARITA, AND OUR BEST SELLER THE "CUCUMBER MARGARITA", TRY OUR LATEST CREATIONS CUCUMBER MARGARITA , STRAWBERRY PICANTE MARGARITA, BLOOD ORANGE MARGARITA ,AND THE SKINNY MARGARITA.....ITS GONNA BE AN AMAZING FIESTA , MAKE YOUR RESERVATIONS NOW CALL US AT 617-669-4780 OR VISIT www.casaromero.com, check our latest video , shot and edit by end of dayz films. casa romero the best mexican restaurant in New England, 40 years in the back bay and still going strong, null, 
Valentine’s Day Dinner

 
February 14, 2013

 
THIS IS THE SPECIAL MENU THAT WE WILL BE SERVING THURSDAY FEB 14 FOR VALENTINE'S DAY , 3 COURSES FOR 39$ PER PERSON , MAKE YOR RESERVATION NOW , WE SORRY TO INFORM THAT WE WILL BE CLOSED TOMORROW FEB 8TH DUE TO THE SNOW STORM , HOPEFULLY WE WILL BE BACK TO NORMAL HOURS FEB 9 2013, PLEASE MAKE SURE TO PLACE YOUR RESERVATION FOR VALENTINE'S DAY SLOTS ARE FILLING UP QUICKLY....VISIT OUR WESITE TO GET MORE INFO www.casaromero.com, Valentine’s Day Dinner
 

                                                              February 14, 2013
 

THIS IS THE SPECIAL MENU THAT WE WILL BE SERVING THURSDAY FEB 14 FOR VALENTINE'S DAY , 3 COURSES FOR 39$ PER PERSON , MAKE YOR RESERVATION NOW                              
 



in a, check our latest video , shot and edit by  end of dayz films. casa romero the best mexican restaurant in New England, 40 years in the back bay and still going strong, null, MAKE YOUR RESERVATION FOR VALENTINE'S DAY AND VISIT OUR WEBSITE TO SEE OUR AMAZING MENU  GET APPETIZER ,ONE ENTREE ,AND DESERT FOR 39$ www.casaromero.com, NEW YEAR , NEW COMERCIAL AND ALWAYS THE BEST MEXICAN FOOD IN NEW ENGLAND. I HOPE YOU ENJOY IT , PLEASE LEAVE YOUR COMMENTS AND MAKE YOUR RESERVATIONS ONLINE AT www.casaromero.com, null, COME AND TRY OUR LATEST CREATION THE CUCUMBER MARGARITA ,WILD  AND REFRESHING....PREPARED WITH EL MAYOR SILVER  TEQUILA ,FRESH LIME JUICE, AGAVE NECTAR , CUCUMBER NECTAR AND TAJIN ON THE RIM...., NEW YEAR , NEW COMERCIAL AND ALWAYS THE BEST MEXICAN FOOD IN NEW ENGLAND. I HOPE YOU ENJOY IT , PLEASE LEAVE YOUR COMMENTS AND MAKE YOUR RESERVATIONS ONLINE AT www.casaromero.com, null, NEW YEAR , NEW COMERCIAL  AND ALWAYS THE BEST MEXICAN FOOD IN NEW ENGLAND. I HOPE YOU ENJOY IT , PLEASE LEAVE YOUR COMMENTS AND MAKE YOUR RESERVATIONS ONLINE AT www.casaromero.com, EL 31 DE DICIEMBRE ESTAREMOS SIRVIENDO SOLO EL MENU ESPECIAL DE FIN DE AÑO.........MAKE YOUR RESERVATION NOW FOR OUR NEW YEARS EVE DINNER SPECIAL 4 COURSES FOR $39 FOR THE EARLY BIRD FROM 4 TO 6PM AND $45 FROM 7 TO 11PM IF YOU LIKE TO SEE THIS AMAZING MENU PLEASE CLICK ON THE LINK https://www.studionovi.com//userfiles/romero/files/New%20Year.pdf, WATCH OUR LATEST VIDEO , THANKS TO NEIGHBORHOOD KITCHENS FOR THIS GREAT CLIP....ENJOY AND REPOST IT http://www.wgbh.org/programs/Neighborhood-Kitchens-1859/episodes/Casa-Romero-in-Bostons-Back-Bay-39687, WE WILL BE CLOSED FOR BUSINESS MONDAY DECEMBER 24TH AND TUESDAY DECEMBER 25TH, WE WILL REOPEN WED DECEMBER 26TH ...HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYBODY AND THANKS FOR LOVING CASA ROMERO , JOINT OUR EMAIL LIST AT www.casaromero.com AND RECEIVE OUR LATEST NEWS , SPECIALS AND PROMOTIONS, WE WILL BE CLOSED FOR BUSINESS MONDAY DECEMBER 24TH AND TUESDAY DECEMBER 25TH, WE WILL REOPEN WED DECEMMBER 26TH ...HAPPY HOLIDAYS EVERYBODY AND THANKS FOR LOVING CASA ROMERO , JOINT OUR EMAIL LIST AT www.casaromero.com AND RECEIVE OUR LATEST NEWS , SPECIALS AND PROMOTIONS, 
COMPRE SU GIFT CERTIFICATE AHORA .... BUY YOUR GIFT CERTIFICATE NOW......TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS GREAT PROMOTION , VISIT OUR WEBSITE FOR DETAILS OR CALL US AT 6175364341 

Perfect forHoliday
 Giving!
 Gift Certificates
 
Special Offer
 
$125 Certificate for $100
 
Or
 
$60 Certificate for $50
 
Through Sunday, December 23
 
(617) 536 4341
 
www.CasaRomero.com
 
Please note: Valid for use after Jan. 1, 2013, MAKE YOUR RESERVATION NOW FOR OUR NEW YEARS EVE  DINNER SPECIAL 4 COURSES FOR $39 FOR THE EARLY BIRD FROM 4 TO 6PM AND $45 FROM 7 TO 11PM IF YOU LIKE TO SEE THIS AMAZING MENU PLEASE CLICK ON THE LINK https://www.studionovi.com//userfiles/romero/files/New%20Year.pdf, COMPRE SU GIFT CERTIFICATE AHORA .... BUY YOUR GIFT CERTIFICATE NOW......TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THIS GREAT PROMOTION , VISIT OUR WEBSITE FOR DETAILS OR CALL US AT 6175364341 

Perfect forHoliday
 Giving!
 Gift Certificates

 Special Offer

 $125 Certificate for $100

Or

$60 Certificate for $50

 Through Sunday, December 23

 (617) 536 4341

www.CasaRomero.com

Please note: Valid for use after Jan. 1, 2013, null, MAKE YOUR RESERVATION NOW FOR OUR NEW YEARS DINNER SPECIAL 4 COURSES FOR $39 FOR THE EARLY BIRD  FROM 4 TO 6PM AND $45 FROM 7 TO 11PM IF YOU LIKE TO SEE THIS AMAZING MENU PLEASE CLICK ON THE LINK https://www.studionovi.com//userfiles/romero/files/New%20Year.pdf, null, null, casa romero will be close on monday october 29th  due to the storm we hope to open tues octuber 30th , for future reservations call us 6175364341 and leave us  your name phone number and time of your reservation thank you, null, null, TRY OUR LATEST CREATION WATERMELON DIABLO MARGARITA ,REFRESHING AND WILD......, null, PICTURES BY ZAGA, null, null, this is our dinning room and our delicious food, Fish of the day finish with two sauté   Shrimp....yummy, Join us tonight and try our delicious  bandrita ..., Dana farber group having dinner at casa Romero ...., Our delicious jumbo giant shrimp with tomatillo n cilantro sauce ..., Looking for a romantic spot.., Happy 21ers birthday..., Check it out our delicious menu.., null, Join us tonight at the patio, Our customer enjoying the refreshing Paloma..., A taste of Mexico, null, join us tonight to celebrate our aniversary......, null, @ casa romero! Delicious Mexican food...swing by for some margaritas!, Check out our New Years Eve party menu below and come join us in bringing in 2011 in style!, null, null, null)