List(null, Part four..., Part three..., Part two..., Watch my interview with the wonderful Lin-Manuel Miranda, creater, writer and star of Hamilton the Musical, for UN Women HeForShe Arts Week here! x

Part one..., null, null, Emma launching UN Women's HeForShe #ArtsWeek!, Watch the launch of HeForShe #ArtsWeek at 8:30AM EST / 1:30PM GMT, on the link below., This is the face of a very proud & happy lady. Thank you Alex Bilmes, Aziz Ansari, Caitlin Moran, Tom Hanks & Amy Aronson!

Esquire UK #HeForShe, Esquire UK meets Emma.

#HeForShe, Emma and Gloria Steinem in conversation (part three)

#MyLifeOnTheRoad #OurSharedShelf HeForShe, Emma and Gloria Steinem in conversation (part two)

#MyLifeOnTheRoad #OurSharedShelf HeForShe, Emma and Gloria Steinem in conversation (part one)

#MyLifeOnTheRoad #OurSharedShelf HeForShe, So excited to reveal the cover of Esquire UK's Women & Men issue! Featuring Tom Hanks and me!

The mag features 26 pages on why the fight for gender equality involves us all, and has contributions from Caitlin Moran, Aziz Ansari and others!

http://www.esquire.co.uk/culture/news/a9612/emma-watson-esquire-men-woman-issue/

HeForShe UN Women, It was such an honour to interview Gloria Steinem on Wednesday! #MyLifeOnTheRoad #OurSharedShelf, Super honoured to be interviewed by bell hooks in Paper Magazine ❤, Emma was in Berlin last night for the European premiere of Colonia!, Part 3 of 3:

Emma launching the HeForShe #genderparity report at #Davos2016, Part 2 of 3:

Emma launching the HeForShe #genderparity report at #Davos2016, Part 1 of 3:

Emma launching the HeForShe #genderparity report at #Davos2016, I wanted to see if anyone fancied submitting a doodle/piece of art for our Our Shared Shelf Logo and masthead? (Crop a photo to 970 x 245 pixels for masthead)  #OurSharedShelf, Portrait by Carter Bowman, Emma will be hosting the HeForShe Impact10x10x10 Parity Report Launch tomorrow! 

Watch the livestream here: http://bit.ly/1QmWZFu

Date: 22nd January
Time: 9:45AM CET / 8:45AM GMT / 03:45 EST, HeForShe: "Emma Watson introduces the new www.HeForShe.org, launching what we hope will become the world’s largest crowdsourcing platform for gender equality solutions. Your voice matters. Your actions make it real. Make the commitment and take action for gender equality now at www.HeForShe.org", null, null, I'm very sad to hear about Alan today. I feel so lucky to have worked and spent time with such a special man and actor. I'll really miss our conversations. RIP Alan. We love you, As part of my work with UN Women, I have started reading as many books and essays about equality as I can get my hands on. There is so much amazing stuff out there! Funny, inspiring, sad, thought-provoking, empowering! I’ve been discovering so much that, at times, I’ve felt like my head was about to explode… I decided to start a Feminist book club, as I want to share what I’m learning and hear your thoughts too. 

The plan is to select and read a book every month, then discuss the work during the month’s last week (to give everyone time to read it!). I will post some questions/quotes to get things started, but I would love for this to grow into an open discussion with and between you all. Whenever possible I hope to have the author, or another prominent voice on the subject, join the conversation.

If you fancy it, please join up and participate. Everyone is welcome. I would be honoured!

https://www.goodreads.com/group/show/179584-our-shared-shelf

Emma x, Love her! 

Privilege to host a screening of The True Cost - 2015 film with Livia Firth, Andrew Morgan and Lucy Siegle tonight. 

Watch here: http://truecostmovie.com or on @netflix 

Emma x, Emma is on the cover of PORTER magazine's Incredible Women issue! 

The magazine is out globally on 4th December. 

#IncredibleWomen, Behind-the-scenes film from Emma's Vogue Italia feature., Who is going to see #HeNamedMeMalala this weekend? It's not just that I love Malala - the documentary is genuinely emotional, insightful, suspenseful, inspiring, beautifully shot, intimate.. All those good things. If you've seen it already tell me your favourite parts! X, Today I met Malala. She was giving, utterly graceful, compelling and intelligent. That might sound obvious but I was struck by this even more in person. There are lots of NGOs out there in the world doing great things... But if there were one I would put my money on to succeed and make change on this planet, it would be hers. (The Malala Fund). Malala isn't messing around or mincing her words (one of the many reasons I love her). She has the strength of her convictions coupled with the kind of determination I rarely encounter... And it doesn't seem to have been diminished by the success she has already had. And lastly…She has a sense of peace around her. I leave this for last because it is perhaps the most important. Maybe as a result of what she has been through? I personally think it is just who she is…

Perhaps the most moving moment of today for me was when Malala addressed the issue of feminism. To give you some background, I had initially planned to ask Malala whether or not she was a feminist but then researched to see whether she had used this word to describe herself. Having seen that she hadn't, I decided to take the question out before the day of our interview. To my utter shock Malala put the question back into one of her own answers and identified herself. Maybe feminist isn't the easiest word to use... But she did it ANYWAY. You can probably see in the interview how I felt about this. She also gave me time at the end of the Q&A to speak about some of my own work, which she most certainly didn't need to do, I was there to interview her. I think this gesture is so emblematic of what Malala and I went on to discuss. I've spoken before on what a controversial word feminism is currently. More recently, I am learning what a factionalized movement it is too. We are all moving towards the same goal. Let's not make it scary to say you're a feminist. I want to make it a welcoming and inclusive movement. Let's join our hands and move together so we can make real change. Malala and I are pretty serious about it but we need you.

 With love, Emma x

#HeNamedMeMalala #notjustamovieamovement Malala Fund Into Film, World exclusive COLONIA trailer!, First look at the COLONIA teaser poster, exclusively for Emma's Facebook fans!

COLONIA premieres at the Toronto International Film Festival tomorrow night., http://www.teenvogue.com/story/emma-watson-sustainable-style-green-carpet-challenge?mbid=social_twitter, I've been meaning to post about this for a while. Find out why I designed a People Tree collection, travelled to Bangladesh, collaborated with ALBERTA FERRETTI - official page and did the Eco Age Green Carpet Challenge:

Watch The True Cost film

Emma xx, Check out British Vogue's film on gender equality in the fashion industry. 

http://www.vogue.co.uk/voguevideo/genres/film--tv/2015/06/emma-watson-he-for-she--inspirational-gender-equality-un-speech, REGRESSION will open the San Sebastian Film Festival! 

http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/regression-emma-watson-ethan-hawke-815442, Emma is featured on Vanity Fair's International Best Dressed list once again! 

http://www.vanityfair.com/style/photos/2015/08/international-best-dressed-list-2015#hollywood, A preview from British Vogue, out 6th August!, Emma appears on the September issue cover of British Vogue! Available at newsstands on 6th August.

HeForShe UN Women #Regression, A huge welcome to our second wave of HeForShe Impact Champions! 

Thank you for committing to end gender inequality Barclays UK, McKinsey & Company, Twitter, Schneider Electric, Vodafone UK, Georgetown University, University of Oxford, USP - Universidade de São Paulo, Stony Brook University, Sciences Po and the governments of Finland, Iceland, Indonesia, Japan, Malawi, Romania, Rwanda and Sweden.

Read about their commitments to gender equality, here: http://www.heforshe.org/impact/, Emma will be starring in THE CIRCLE, opposite Tom Hanks!

http://www.thewrap.com/emma-watson-to-star-opposite-tom-hanks-in-the-circle-exclusive/, People are risking their lives to cross the Mediterranean. Please read about Douglas Booth's trip to Greece with UNHCR: http://rfg.ee/OkiD0, #REGRESSION TRAILER!, Here's the teaser poster for Emma's new film, #REGRESSION!

This is a global exclusive for Emma's Facebook fans - you are the first to see it. Let her know what you think in the comments section below., Emma appears on the The Independent's 2015 Happy List, which celebrates those making life better for others! UN Women HeForShe

http://www.independent.co.uk/happylist/independent-on-sundays-happy-list-2015-ten-household-names-10302016.html, Very happy to welcome our first Impact Champions to the HeForShe family! Thank you Unilever, PwC, Accorhotels.com, @Tupperware Brands Corporation, @Koc Holding A.S.,  U-Vision University of Waterloo , University of Leicester, Wits - University of the Witwatersrand, @名古屋大学 | Nagoya University  -  for committing to end gender inequality., Emma has been nominated in the 'Campaigner of the Year' category at the Observer's 2015 Ethical Awards! 

You can vote for her to win, here: http://www.theguardian.com/observer-ethical-awards/2015/apr/25/observer-ethical-awards-2015-nominees-campaigner-year, Emma at last night's TIME 100 Gala!, Emma is included in TIME's 100 Most Influential People list! #TIME100

http://time.com/3823057/emma-watson-2015-time-100/, Emma is AskMen's Most Outstanding Woman of 2015!

http://www.thewrap.com/emma-watson-tops-askmens-99-most-outstanding-women-of-2015-list/, If you missed Emma's surprise appearance in Comic Relief: Red Nose Day's BISHOP OF DIBEY you can download it here: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/tv-season/red-nose-day-2015-the-best-bits/id974079005

All money raised will go to Comic Relief!, null, Part Four: HeForShe Conversation with Emma, Part Three: HeForShe Conversation with Emma, Part Two: HeForShe Conversation with Emma, Part One: HeForShe Conversation with Emma, Happening now! Join Emma for a live conversation starting at 1pm Eastern and 5pm in the UK. Emma will be answering your questions about HeForShe and gender equality., If you are in London and would like to attend the He For She conversation with Emma, tell us how you are making a personal impact to advance gender equality. Submit your story here http://goo.gl/forms/dRzVjsdNSR by 12pm London-time on Wednesday 4th of March. You could be selected to be an audience member at this special event., I hope you’ll join me on Sunday 8th of March at 1PM NYC/5PM London-time for a conversation about He For She and Gender Equality, live on Facebook. If you’re in London and would like to be there in person, tell me how you are making a personal impact to advance gender equality. Please submit your story, here: http://goo.gl/forms/dRzVjsdNSR, by 12PM London-time on Wednesday 4th of March and you could be selected to attend this special event as an audience member! Em x, Dear Steve Carell,

You were pure genius in "Little Miss Sunshine" (one of my all time favourite films), my brother became obsessed with you after “Anchorman”, I wanted to marry you or have you adopt me after “Crazy, Stupid, Love”, I hated that guy you played in “The Way Way Back”, and then you were mind-blowing in “Foxcatcher”. I think you’re so awesome and today you are wearing #HeForShe Monique Péan cufflinks at the Oscars to support Gender Equality. Couldn’t be more proud! THANK YOU. 

Love,
Emma x, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wR0RM6BwKug, Regression... Coming soon!, I'm finally able to tell you... that I will be playing Belle in Disney's new live-action Beauty and the Beast! It was such a big part of my growing up, it almost feels surreal that I'll get to dance to 'Be Our Guest' and sing 'Something There'. My six year old self is on the ceiling - heart bursting. Time to start some singing lessons. I can't wait for you to see it. Emma xx, Emma at Davos 2015.

Jacket: Maiyet Maiyet.com
Jewellery: Monique Péan Moniquepean.com, http://www.theguardian.com/sustainable-business/2015/jan/24/davos-2015-women-female-diversity-gender-equality-boards, You can watch Emma's full He For She IMPACT10x10x10 speech right here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gLlvHWKa0w, You can watch Emma launch the next phase of UN Women's He For She campaign live tomorrow at 8:30AM CET / 7:30AM GMT, here: 

http://www.unwomen.org/en/news/stories/2015/01/emma-watson-launches-10-by-10-by-10, Official He For She tees now available! http://www.heforshe.org/shop/, Check out Teen Vogue's article on Emma and the He For She campaign. It's on-shelf now!, British GQ's Coolest Women:, I LOVED Argentina. Truly. Thank you to my incredible Argentinian fans! So lovely to get to meet and speak to you. E xx, null, Here's an exclusive new photograph from COLONIA for Emma's Facebook fans! The film will be released late 2015., null, Emma won the award for best British Style at the British Fashion Awards last night!, COLONIA on-set report in new issue of Total Film!, So proud to be supporting NSPCC with the Paddington Bear statue I designed! Do you like him? Emma x, Here is Emma's Britannia Awards acceptance speech! #RIPMillie https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NhkE9VlgxY, Emma was named 'British Artist of the Year' by BAFTA/LA at The Britannia Awards last night!, Emma's latest cover is for British  ELLE's first ever feminism issue! More info here: http://on.elleuk.com/1oP446b, Here's an exclusive first-look photograph from Emma's new film COLONIA!

More information here: http://deadline.com/2014/10/michael-nyqvist-emma-watson-colonia-photo-862379/, null, Emma named by London Evening Standard as one of The 1000 Most Influential Londoners, in the Global Humanitarians category!, null, Emma confirmed to star in new political thriller, COLONIA:

http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/emma-watson-daniel-bruhl-star-736298?utm_source=Sailthru&utm_medium=email&utm_term=hollywoodreporter_international&utm_campaign=THR%20International%20Breaking%20News_now_2014-09-29%2007%3A32%3A00_gszalai, You can watch Emma's UN Women #HeForShe speech in its entirety, here: http://youtu.be/Q0Dg226G2Z8

Men, please stand up for gender equality and register your support at www.heforshe.org
, null, Emma will be launching UN Women's He For She gender equality campaign today! The event and her speech will be webcast live at 5pm NYC time, here: webtv.un.org, Emma is to be honoured with the BAFTA LA Britannia Award for British Artist of the Year! The ceremony will be broadcast on BBC America on 2nd Nov.  

http://variety.com/2014/film/news/robert-downey-jr-emma-watson-among-brittania-awards-honorees-1201308094/, Really encouraging to meet so many young Uruguayan activists today, who care so passionately about the politics of their country. They were so eloquent! Thank you for giving up so much of your time. I can't wait to see what you will all do in the future. UN Women #HeForShe #womeninpolitics #uruguay, http://www.unwomen.org/en/news/stories/2014/9/heforshe-event-media-advisory #HeForShe UN Women, #tbt The subscriber edition of Emma's April 2014 ELLE cover, #tbt Emma attending Giambattista Valli's July 2014 Paris Couture show, #tbt Emma's British GQ Woman of The Year 2013 cover, UN Women @phumzileunwomen @e_nyamayaro, Emma attending Dior's July 2014 Paris Couture show., #NOAH is out on Blu-ray and DVD today!, Emma attending Valentino's July 2014 Paris Couture show., The Queen of the Tearling is published in the UK today!, Emma wearing Givenchy at the Vogue Paris Foundation Gala last week., The Queen of the Tearling is published in America today!, null, I'm so thrilled to be able share this news with you all first! I hope you'll be as excited as I am. Love Emma x

http://www.unwomen.org/en/news/stories/2014/7/un-women-announces-emma-watson-as-goodwill-ambassador, Here's an update on The Queen of The Tearling! http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2680000/BAZ-BAMIGBOYE-Emma-queen-action-movie.html, #tbt Emma's The Edit magazine cover, in support of the Green Carpet Challenge: www.eco-age.com/green-carpet-challenge/, #tbt Emma's W magazine for The Bling Ring, #tbt Emma's August 2013 Teen Vogue cover for The Bling Ring, Emma has been nominated for "Choice Movie Actress: Drama" for her role in Noah Movie by the FOX Teen Choice Awards! 

You can vote for Emma to win right here: www.teenchoiceawards.com, Who has seen The Bling Ring and The Perks of Being a Wallflower? Let Emma know what you think!, Noah Movie opens in Japan today! Here's a trailer just for Emma's Japanese fans: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoYHAzrpKTQ&feature=youtu.be, Here's the first photograph from Emma's new film REGRESSION, out 28th August 2015! 

http://www.firstshowing.net/2014/first-look-at-emma-watson-and-ethan-hawke-in-regression-thriller/, !, Noah Movie is still in cinemas worldwide! Have you seen Emma's performance as Ila yet?, Emma attended a dinner for The Royal Marsden Cancer Charity at Windsor Castle last night, hosted by Prince William and Ralph Lauren, #BringBackOurGirls, On April 15th, armed militants targeted and attacked the Government Girls Secondary School in Chibok, Nigeria. Over 230 schoolgirls were woken from their beds and kidnapped at gunpoint the night before their final exams. 

Recent reports suggest the girls are being sold or forced into early marriages. Some have managed to escape, but over 200 are still missing. Despite the magnitude of this tragedy, international media attention and political pressure has been minimal since the incident. 

Please share and help raise awareness to #BringBackOurGirls, Emma at the Berlin, Madrid and NYC premieres of Noah Movie last month. Which is your favourite look?, Emma and Roberto Aguire at the Tribeca Film Festival premiere of his film Boulevard., null, Here's a brand new photograph from Emma's Sunday Times Style feature, photographed by Ellen von Unwerth., Emma and Russell Crowe at last week's London premiere of Noah Movie, To celebrate the UK release of Noah Movie, Emma's Facebook fans can download her guest-edited Wonderland Magazine Noah Movie section for free right here: 

http://www.wonderlandmagazine.com/2014/04/emma-watson-for-wonderland/, Emma photographed by Ellen von Unwerth for The Sunday Times Style magazine #Noah, Emma in Ralph Lauren at London's Noah Movie premiere, Did you see Vanity Fair's review of Emma's performance in Noah Movie? http://www.vanityfair.com/vf-hollywood/emma-watson-noah, Emma in an Oscar de la Renta dress at the NYC premiere of Noah Movie, Did you watch Emma on Late Show with David Letterman last night? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_zw_owyoBc, Watch Emma's Ellen DeGeneres appearance right here: http://www.refinery29.com/2014/03/65042/emma-watson-ellen-interview Noah Movie, Where am I ? http://www.whosay.com/l/iaB83sp, Live Q&A happening right now over on Emma's Twitter! @EmWatson #AskEmma, Emma and her Noah Movie co-star Douglas Booth, null, An exclusive Noah Movie photograph for Emma's Facebook fans! Ila and Methuselah, played by Sir Anthony Hopkins., Hola Madrid! #Noélapelícula, My new American Elle cover! Noah Movie, An exclusive new Noah trailer that my fans get to see first! #Noah 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYSwdh-GznY&feature=youtu.be, null, The epic story of Noah has been inspiring artists and creators for thousands of years.

Share your artistic interpretation on Twitter or Instagram using #NoahArtShow

http://www.noahmovie.com/fan/, null, Here's a beautiful behind-the-scenes film from Emma's Wonderland Magazine feature: 

http://www.wonderlandmagazine.com/2014/02/behind-the-scenes-emma-watson-bloom-of-the-wallflower/

Read the full interview here: 

http://www.wonderlandmagazine.com/2014/02/the-bloom-of-the-wallflower-by-derek-blasberg/, Check out Emma in conversation with Derek Blasberg, taken from her guest-edited Wonderland Magazine  http://www.wonderlandmagazine.com/2014/02/the-bloom-of-the-wallflower-by-derek-blasberg/, Here's a brand new photograph from Emma's guest-edited Wonderland Magazine (out 7th Feb) - exclusively for her Facebook fans! Photograph by Kerry Hallihan., Emma as Ila in Noah Movie. Who is going to see the film on March 28th?, #NOAH Super Bowl ad: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvDbSHtWZT4, null, Wonderland. Out February 7th. Afro Prada Bruiser or Elf Alien Queen. Your pick. #NOAH Wonderland Magazine, Still got it. #HarryPotterWorld #watford, Happy Holidays!!, “I’m literally rediscovering what it means to be an actress.”, "I didn't want her to stick out from the crowd, so I thought she did such a good job of blending in and transforming herself." -Sofia Coppola on casting Emma as Nikki in The Bling Ring, The Bling Ring (2013), "I was always a very serious child... So I was the right child to get cast: I loved the responsibility."-Emma on getting cast as Hermione Granger at age 9, LIKE if you loved Emma's vintage style in "My Week with Marilyn"!, "As I'm maturing, I'm going to do different things and take on new parts. I hope people come along with me on the journey.", "I just remember reading it and thinking it's hilarious. I thought it was the most crazy, absurd premise for a story I'd ever heard. I had to do it."-Emma on her first impressions of This Is The End, Don't underestimate the importance of a good pair of sunglasses!, "I was averaging on 3 hours sleep a night because we would film all day together and then we would want to stay up all night together."-Emma on her "Perks of Being a Wallflower" cast mates, #TBT Vintage Emma and Rupert!, Emma and the legendary Karl Lagerfeld, "The minute I opened it, that was it. Boom. It was just such a page turner!"-Emma on her first impressions of the "My Week with Marilyn" script, "With Nicki, I was really taking on a character. Some of her lines are so crazy and absurd—making sure she wasn’t a parody was a challenge."-Emma on her The Bling Ring role, null, "I like books that aren't just lovely but that have memories in themselves. Just like playing a song, picking up a book again that has memories can take you back to another place or another time.", null, Emma hanging out with Lily Collins at Coachella 2013, LIKE if you think Emma can rock any color., Lorde, The Black Keys, Jake Bugg, and Eric Clapton...those are some of Emma's favorites. What's on your fall playlist?, Amusement for the day: Women: Know Your Limits! Harry Enfield - BBC Comedy

http://bit.ly/cfhhZd, null, "Nearly got out my scissors after seeing Beyoncé's pixie cut. I only just managed to restrain myself.", Seamus Heaney

1939-2013, "Take me somewhere I can grow
Give me something let me go
Tell me something I don't know"
-Laura Marling, null, "As a person, I have a belief system which is that everything happens for a reason.", "I want to be a Renaissance woman. I want to paint, I want to write, I want to act. I just want to do everything.", "When I haven't been working I've tried to travel a lot.", "As a child, I loved being onstage. I loved singing, I loved the lights, I loved the adrenaline. I even loved learning lines. I was completely obsessive.", "I try to avoid wearing black because sometimes it's the easy option. But I'm young, so it's nice to be able to play with color and not just wear black all the time. I can save that for when I'm older.", "I struggle with all the attention because I'm generally a shy person.", Flashback! Emma and Harry Potter cast mate Matthew Lewis, null, Gryffindor!, "The first couple of years outside of Potter were difficult. I struggled to adjust to life in a way I wasn't anticipating." 

Photo: Mark Seliger, Harry Potter and the Prisoner Of Azkaban London Photocall, "If I could be just like them, then I would be happy." -Nicki in The Bling Ring, Did you know Emma's favorite Harry Potter book is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?, Emma and Israel Broussard on set for The Bling Ring. Photo by Sofia., "Young girls are told you have to be a delicate princess. Hermione taught them that you can be a warrior.", In 2 days, join The Bling Ring.

http://bit.ly/TBR-EW, A little preview of The Bling Ring., See Emma in The Bling Ring, in select theaters today, everywhere next week.  http://bit.ly/TBR-EW, "All of my usual fashion rules went out the window to play this role in The Bling Ring." - Emma, "I want to lead a country for all I know." -Nicki in The Bling Ring, "We accept the love we think we deserve." -The Perks of Being a Wallflower, null, Incredible hand drawing done of Emma

deviantart: MShah123, 'When I read the script and I realized that essentially it was a meditation on fame and what it’s become to our society, I had to do it." -Emma on The Bling Ring

Photo: Mark Seliger, "Well that's embarrassing!", "Below average!!", Then & Now, Emma in Prabal Gurung on the Red Carpet for the 2013 Met Gala., "She wasn't bitter. She was sad, though. But it was a hopeful kind of sad. The kind of sad that just takes time."

Tumblr: i-wont-give-up-on-cody, Throwback Thursday: Emma holding her Trailblazer Award at the 2013 MTV Movie Awards., Watch the official The Bling Ring trailer now! http://bit.ly/BR-EW, "I cried at some different points reading Harry Potter and The Deathly Hallows but especially when Dobby got stabbed and when he died, I was just absolutely hysterical, that was just the end of me.", Emma in Alexander McQueen in The Magic of Fashion 2008 photo shoot for Harper's Bazaar UK., ''Actually, I'm highly logical, which allows me to look past extraneous detail and perceive clearly that which others overlook.'' -Hermione in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, "I love acting and I love performing but when I am not on stage I am quite shy.", Ron & Hermione: Young Love, Liv Tyler, Emma, Gwyneth Paltrow and Mario Testino watch the Burberry Prorsum Spring/Summer 2010 Show during London Fashion Week in 2009., "I'm a human being. An imperfect human being who is not made to look like a doll.", "I'm my own worst critic. I always want to do better. I'm always striving towards the next thing.", "Celebrity is the hardest part of what I do. You just hope that people look past the hype and see you.", Emma on the cover of the December 2012 issue of Femina Magazine, "Five Things I Can't Do Now That I'm Not in Harry Potter:
1) Talk to owls.
2) Yell Latin at people.
3) Eat my lunch with witches and other magical creatures.
4) Wear really old-school knitwear.
5) Ride dragons.", "I would like to adapt something. Maybe, eventually, even an original work. I would love to think I could write, but I would feel a bit intimidated. It is definitely something that I'd like to do though." -Emma on having a future in writing, Rupert, Daniel and Emma attend the Harry Potter cast 'Hand, Foot and Wand-Print' ceremony held at Grauman's Chinese Theater in 2007., "I always have the same New Year's resolution: to speak French fluently.", One of Emma's Style Commandments: "Never wear shoes that will hurt by 8pm.", 'LIKE' to congratulate Emma for winning Favorite Dramatic Movie Actress for her role in The Perks of Being a Wallflower at the People's Choice Awards!, Check out Emma as she graces the cover of this February's Marie Claire UK issue!, "When they actually told me I had the part, I couldn't really process it -- I couldn't really believe it -- because it had been such a long time coming." -on getting the role of Hermione, "To play Sam, who is so alive and so free and spontaneous and young was the best thing I could have done. It helped me break down a lot of barriers, listen to myself, and not care so much about what anybody else is thinking about me.”, The Three Musketeers, “I have been to a lot of music concerts lately. Listening to live music and getting to dance and be in a crowd are things I really like.", Emma posing for the new 2013 spring Lancôme In Love collection.

Photo: Barwerd Van Der Plas for Lancôme ©2012, "I put one of the Potter films on the other night. And it was amazing to me that I had done all of that. I have to remind myself every now and then.", “I still have friends from primary school. And my two best girlfriends are from secondary school. I don’t have to explain anything to them. I don’t have to apologize for anything. They know. There’s no judgment in any way.”, “It’s been a whirlwind of exciting new things, although it’s been a bit nerve-racking because I’d been doing the same thing for so long and got so comfortable. So now I’m just happy and excited to be acting and getting such really great opportunities.”, Emma with Kelly Ripa and Michael Strahan on the set of LIVE with Kelly and Michael., "It’s a journey and the sad thing is you only learn from experience, so as much as someone can tell you things, you have to go out there and make your own mistakes in order to learn.”, “It’s only recently that I’ve felt much better in my own skin and known my own worth a lot more than I used to.”, "See no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil." -The advice Emma would give on self-esteem, What is your favorite Harry Potter moment?, "I think there’s a shift, thanks to movies like Bridesmaids and people like Lena Dunham and Emma Stone. There’s a space for female characters that are more than two-dimensional, an understanding that we can be lots of different things at once. We can be funny, we can be a little [messed]-up—it’s not just about being the martyr, the smart one or the dumb blond.", "I also learnt that you’re not going to fall for the right person until you really love yourself and feel good about how you are.”

Source: Harry Crowder, Emma and Anderson Cooper, "I’m dealing with people’s projections of me. I don’t know when people look at me if they see a beautiful dress I wore on the red carpet, or all of the magic and hype of Harry Potter. They very rarely just see who I am, which is a normal, human 22-year-old girl.", Emma on the red carpet for Elle's 19th Annual Women in Hollywood Celebration where she was one of nine women honored with an award., "After auditioning for Sofia [Coppola], I didn’t hear from her for a while. I thought, Oh my God, I really want this part, so I wrote her an e-mail being like, 'Look, I know I’m not the obvious choice, I couldn’t be more unlike the girl you’d probably cast in this, and I appreciate that I have a lot of work to do, but I feel really passionate about this. Please, would you just consider me?' And I got an e-mail back saying, 'You already got it.'" -Emma on her upcoming role in The Bling Ring, "Nails are fun now, too. I rarely wear colour on my hands, because I always ruin it within a day, but seeing it on my toes in the shower makes me happy.", "Eventually I’d love to do something where I get to sing, even though it would be terrifying.", "I've done my life backwards; it's really bizarre… Most of my friends are just about to start working, and I've had a job for the past 10 years.", "I will absolutely read her new book. I am a huge fan of hers, I think she is incredible." -Emma on reading J.K. Rowling's new novel, 'The Casual Vacancy', Watch Emma with her The Perks of Being a Wallflower co-stars Logan Lerman and Ezra Miller as they take us behind the scenes at their NYLON magazine photoshoot! http://bit.ly/BTSNylon, Emma in 3.1 Phillip Lim Holiday 2012 asymmetric bow dress at TIFF 2012., “It was essentially a stand-up-comedy situation. So for me, it was like landing on Mars. I was like, ‘I can’t do this, this is mad,’ but eventually I just kind of let go. I have no idea where I got half the stuff that came out of my mouth.” -Emma's take on the upcoming comedy, The End of the World, "Be strong, love and believe in yourself.", "As an actress I take roles I find interesting.", Emma with Sarah Jessica Parker and ELLE Magazine (US) creative director, Joe Zee at the Elle Women in Hollywood event., Emma with Glee star, Chris Colfer., Hermione: "Holy cricket! YOU'RE Harry Potter! I'm Hermione Granger. And you are...?"
Ron: "Ron Weasley."
Hermione: "Pleasure."
- Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
http://bit.ly/HarryPotterSSDVD, Emma on the red carpet for the 2012 VMA's with The Perks of Being a Wallflower co-star, Ezra Miller., “I think women feel so much pressure these days and it can turn us against each other. But we really damage our own confidence when we put ourselves down, so I try not to.", "I think the first one was incredible, obviously, because everything was new, and everything being a novelty is very exciting." -Emma on working on Harry Potter and The Sorcerer's Stone, "I feel like there's a side to me that I've kept, that people haven't seen yet. It doesn't feel too scary. I understand why people don't want to let go of me as Hermione. I'm not expecting it to happen overnight."

Photo: Alasdair McLellan, "I’ve never felt so confident as I did with short hair - I felt really good in my own skin.", "I hope what the fans can see is that I am able to transform, that there are other sides of me that perhaps they haven't seen yet.", "Why do I and everyone I love pick people who treat us like we're nothing?"
- Sam in The Perks of Being a Wallflower, in theatres now., "Concentrate on comfort - even if that means wearing the same thing over and over, because when I feel comfortable, I feel so much more relaxed and have a much better time.", “I wanted everything to be so perfect. I would work so hard to memorize my lines and the scene; we would have to stop shooting because I was mouthing Rupert‘s and Dan‘s lines at the same time. That’s something I had to get over.” -Emma on her eagerness in the first Harry Potter film, "You have to work to maintain relationships when you're constantly away, but when my best friends and I get together, it doesn't feel like a day has passed."

Image: Mario Testino, "Women have a natural tendency to want to nurture and take care of men. You always think that the guy is going to end up coming around and that you’re going to be the one that saves him – like the Oasis song.", “I am literally obsessed with ['Girls' creator and star] Lena Dunham. She’s, like, my favorite person in the world. I follow her on Twitter; I read her every day. And, yes, 'Girls' is an example of something so refreshing because it feels real.” -Emma to Glamour, Thanks to all of your support, The Perks of Being a Wallflower is now opening in new cities! See if it’s playing near you: http://bit.ly/PerksTheaters, "I like books that aren't just lovely but that have memories in themselves. Just like playing a song, picking up a book again that has memories can take you back to another place or another time."

Photo: Alasdair McLellan, "I don't really believe in having regrets; it's just not really in my mindset. 'Oh, if you could have done it differently, would you?' It's like, that doesn't even occur to me. I'm here, and this is where I am, and I'm just living it. You've only got one life."

Photo: Thomas Iannaccone, "I love that she has an opinion, that she's intelligent, that she also has a heart. Things I dislike about her: she's a little bossy, a little mothering — which I'm sure could get very irritating." -Emma on Hermione Granger, Danced with Jimmy Fallon on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon. #anotherboxticked : )

http://bit.ly/JimmyFallonDance, “It makes me sad to hear girls constantly putting themselves down. We have these unbelievably high expectations of ourselves. … We say that the pressure is coming from men but actually it’s from each other.", "Just because you've got the emotional range of a teaspoon!" -Hermione in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix

http://bit.ly/HarryPotterOoPDVD, Check out this behind the scenes video for Glamour's October 2012 cover shoot with Emma: http://bit.ly/BTSEmmaGlamour, "My idea of sexy is that less is more. The less you reveal the more people can wonder.", Thank you so much Michelle, Milka and ARMANI.xx, "Welcome to the land of misfit toys." -Sam in The Perks of Being a Wallflower

'Like' if you plan on seeing Perks, Did you know?
Emma's favorite line from the Harry Potter movies is, "I'm going to bed before either of you come up with another clever idea to get us killed - or worse, expelled!", Princess Pea: "What are you, a mouse?" 
Despereaux: "No... I'm a gentleman."
- The Tale of Despereaux, “I don’t like to look too perfect. I like to mix and match my own outfits.”

Image: Harry Crowder, "Filming The Perks of Being a Wallflower was just the most incredible experience. I had the best six weeks. I'm very excited about the movie. Having an experience like that outside of Harry Potter is what really convinced me that acting really is what I should be doing. I'm excited about the idea of being an actress now in a way that I wasn't so sure of before.", Emma in character as Nicki on the set of the upcoming Sofia Coppola film, The Bling Ring., Emma is on the October cover of both US and UK editions of Glamour Magazine, on newsstands now.

http://glmr.me/RD8Gsv, You may have read in the news that, according to the internet security firm McAfee, cyber criminals are capitalising on Emma’s popularity by embedding viruses into rogue sites claiming to be about her. 

Unfortunately there is nothing we can do to prevent this. However we can assure that Emma’s official sites www.emmawatson.com, www.facebook.com/emmawatson and www.twitter.com/emwatson will always be safe.

Image: Harry Crowder, Emma and the Harry Potter cast members get tested on their American accents! http://bit.ly/TCj0D8, “I had to cry for the first time when Hermione watches Ron kiss Lavender. It was difficult to bring up all that emotion and hurt in front of a full crew, and not just once, but over and over again from different angles.”, Lucy: "Did she break your heart?" 
Colin Clark: "A little." 
Lucy: "Good, it needed breaking." 
-My Week With Marilyn, "It felt like we were making a different movie, which was so nice. It meant it didn't get boring after making six of them. It's nice to have something a bit fresh." -Emma on filming outside of Hogwarts for Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1, Ezra Miller, Logan Lerman, Josh Hutcherson & Emma backstage at the MTV Movie Awards., "Easy, I’d play field hockey." -Emma on what Olympic sport she would most like to compete in, "I'm so proud to have been a part of this.", "I never felt like I was missing out (on a childhood) because I was gaining so much." -Emma on working on the Harry Potter films as a child, "I think that it is very important if you know what you want, understand where you are heading towards, and try your best to get it. It is only when we use our hearts to do it, and fall in love with what we are doing, then can we really get real determination."

Photo Credit: Mario Testino, "YOU! You foul, loathsome, evil, little cockroach!"
- Hermione in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban

Buy the DVD today: http://bit.ly/HarryPotterPoADVD, "Colin really meets his match in her. She's not easily fooled. And unfortunately she gets her heart broken. But she certainly does a good job of trying to keep his distance from her if this is what he's going to do." -Emma on her character Lucy in My Week With Marilyn, Hermione: "Viktor's more of a physical being... I just mean he's not particularly loquacious. Mostly, he watches me study. It's a bit annoying, actually."
-Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire

http://bit.ly/HarryPotterGoFDVD, "All I can do is follow my instincts, because I'll never please everyone.", "I would not make any changes to my past because I strongly believe that what mistakes we made are our valuable assets." -Emma to Cosmo China, "The last day of filming was really emotional, it felt very surreal, almost like an out of body experience because I had spoken about it and thought about it so much but when it actually happened it didn't feel real, it was hard to process." - Emma on the last day of shooting Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2, “My acting tutor said the hardest thing for me was to get angry. I almost broke down in tears when they tried to get me to be angry. I said, ‘I can’t do it, I just can’t do it.’ I keep all of that really bottled up somewhere and I feel unleashing it would be the scariest thing – and to let myself be powerful, sexy, all those things, it’s scary for me." -Emma to Harper's Bazaar, Hermione: "Stop! Stop! Stop! You're going to take someone's eye out! Besides, you're saying it wrong. It's LeviOsa, not LevioSA." - Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone

http://bit.ly/HarryPotterSSDVD, "It is true that I would not mind writing. But I began to realize that my career as an actress is very important to me. It is a part of me. Probably because I grew up in the middle of cinema magic!" -Emma on choosing another profession

Photo Credit: Tom Munro for Lancôme, "I feel fortunate in it that I’ve never known, never really known what its like to have total freedom and anonymity. It’s not as though I had it and then all of a sudden it got taken away from me. It was something I grew up knowing and a process that happened gradually. I’ve never known anything else. So in a way, I guess that’s a blessing."

Photo credit: Tom Munro for Lancôme, "I always had quite a strong sense of who I am, but it's nice coming through this and feeling like I still managed to maintain my own sense of identity away from something that potentially could have overwhelmed.", "As long as I am in love with life, work and friends, I am blissful."

Photo: Mario Testino, "Oh, are you doing magic? Let's see then."
- Hermione in Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, "I’m going to do what I want to do. I’m going to be who I really am. I’m going to figure out what that is.", "I do things in my own way, but I've never felt any need to rebel, to be honest, I've always had far too much freedom. I had a job when I was 10. I started living on my own when I was 17 or 18. I've earned my own money; I've travelled the world. What would I rebel against?" - Emma in Marie Claire, "I’m not that much of a lightweight. My dad’s great hobby is wine, so it’s always been part of our family life. For someone so little, I don’t get drunk very easily. It’s quite a good talent. I’m not challenging anyone to a competition though!" - Emma in Elle Magazine in 2011, "There’s nothing interesting about looking perfect—you lose the point. You want what you’re wearing to say something about you, about who you are.", "I like having my privacy, but it's rather difficult at the moment. I never talk about my love life, and journalists grumble a lot about that. In a certain way, having people speculate is better. Nobody knows the truth, but they keep writing articles anyway: they have no credence. Audrey Hepburn always said: "I don't care what they write about me, as long as it's not true." Tabloids can be slightly ridiculous, and I tend to agree with her. But I can't really complain. Relatively speaking, I've been rather well-treated." - Emma in CRASH Magazine in 2009, "I haven’t had tea with J.K. I’ve had orange juice with J.K. We had a nice chat in my dressing room and we went through a period where we were emailing, which was nice." - Empire Magazine, "As a child I always wanted to be Julia Roberts. She has a magnetic personality and smile.", "I don’t want other people to decide who I am. I want to decide that for myself. I want to avoid becoming too styled and too ‘done’ and too generic. You see people as they go through their career and they just become more and more like everyone else. They start out with something individual about them but it gets lost." - Emma in ELLE Magazine (US) in 2009, Emma is currently filming a role playing herself in The End of the World, a comedy set at a celebrity studded party at James Franco's house that is interrupted by the apocalypse.

Where would YOU spend your last day on earth?, "I loved it. It was less pressure, but at the same time it was an interesting role, although it was a small role. I loved the script and loved the story, and I’m very interested in Marilyn, so I really wanted to do it. I’m very proud of it." - Emma on My Week With Marilyn, "Helena Bonham Carter very sweetly invited me over for dinner. We talked about books a lot and just being a woman, how to absorb criticism and flattery and knowing what's genuine and what isn't and knowing who to trust." - Emma to Total Film in 2011, "I dance a lot and I run and do yoga and play field hockey and tennis. I like to be active. I don't always have time for that stuff, but I do always feel better afterwards." - Emma, "I've probably earned the right to screw up a few times. I don't want the fear of failure to stop me from doing what I really care about.", Q: What advice would you give to your nine year old self?

A: I think I would have asked more questions of some of the amazing actors on the Potter films – Maggie Smith, Michael Gambon, Gary Oldman, Emma Thompson, Helena Bonham Carter, Kenneth Branagh – everyone – but I was only nine! 

Image: Mariano Vivanco, Hello,
I just wanted to correct some of the stories in the media saying that I chose to dye my dog pink. The dog I am pictured with is called Darcy and she does not belong to me. Darcy has been temporarily dyed pink whilst my friend Sophie raises money for breast cancer research - not as part of a fashion trend. To date Sophie and Darcy have raised £1,500. Here is the link in case you would like to support her cause: http://myprojects.cancerresearchuk.org/fundraise/fundraising-pages/pinkdarcydog
 
Love, Emma, Q: What would Harry and Ron say about Hermione being in Perks?

A: Harry and Ron aren’t real people and I think that is confusing for people sometimes but I hope that Daniel and Rupert would like the film ! I am no longer playing the role of Hermione even though I love her dearly! I played her for so long of course it's going to be hard for people to detach me from her but I am Emma and an actress and I hope I have many different people's stories inside of me. If I am lucky Hermione will be just one of many female characters I will play during my career., Q: Lucy in My Week with Marilyn was a small role – why haven’t you been taking lead roles recently?

A: The reason I hadn’t at that point taken on a full length part and had been doing some modelling work was because I did not have the time to dedicate to a lead role in a full length film as I have been studying for my degree. These smaller roles have also given me the time to learn a few different methods of film making. Smaller, more independent films sometimes allow more room for me to learn and grow., Q: What sort of movie roles are you drawn to? Would you do another blockbuster franchise?

A: I am definitely staying away from blockbuster franchises for a while! In terms of the type of parts I am drawn to, I need to be interested in the role, and who I would be working with. The director’s vision is key. Sometimes what’s on the page isn’t always representative of what a piece can ultimately become and a great director can take a good script to another level and make it incredible.

Image: Tesh, Q: Are there any more fair trade collaborations on the horizon?

A: There has been a lot of speculation about my People Tree collections, with stories running that they 'failed' or that I was unhappy. This was really strange because I felt the opposite of this. From the two collections I did with People Tree overall sales were £446,000 which was a huge surprise. The collections generated work for 400 farmers, artisans and tailors! For me though, the most important part of the collaboration was that I was able to raise the profile of Fair Trade fashion which I think I did successfully. I visited Bangladesh to see the clothes being made and spoke with the factory workers first hand to understand what the real issues were so I would be able to talk about them in an informed and real way. In terms of other collaborations, I have decided I want to put all of my energy into my acting career but it was something I really enjoyed doing,learnt a lot from and am glad I did., Thank you for helping Emma reach 5 million Facebook fans! 

Image: Harry Crowder, Q: Would you be interested in directing/producing?

A: Absolutely. I still have a lot to learn but I would definitely like to do something like this in the future., Have a question for Emma?

Comment below with a question about her acting career and Emma will answer some favorites right here on her Facebook page!, Watch the trailer for Emma's upcoming film, The Perks of Being a Wallflower: http://bit.ly/PerksTrailer, Here's a never-before-seen image of Emma in the upcoming film, "The Perks of Being a Wallflower.", "Harry Potter’s like Santa Claus. Something you can’t see but wish was real so badly that you end up believing in it.", "I think when you take away all the premieres and press stuff and all the special effects, then you just come down to the fact that it's all about acting, and I think that has been the best bit for me.", null, Hi guys
Filming 'Bling Ring' is going great. It's so amazing to get to play a real character. And I get to be funny! Awesome! 
As Israel Broussard would say, 'We are slaying this!' Thanks for all the good luck messages. 
Emma xx, Hey everyone, well here I am in LA about to start shooting The Bling Ring! Can't wait to get going. How do you like my new profile pic?? Hope you're all ok! Em x, Emma's "Bling Ring" Message - http://bit.ly/wm4Nxl, The Bling Ring - http://bit.ly/ypAvPt, Happy Valentine's Day! Hope everyone has been spoiled rotten x, Thought it was about time I changed my profile picture! Is anyone doing anything fun this weekend? Em xx, Hey guys, is everyone surviving in this freezing cold?? (Apart from you lucky people with some sunshine!) I have just finished my essay for my next class at Oxford - such a great feeling! Now what to do for the rest of the day? Love Em xx, Emma Attends My Week with Marilyn Premiere - http://bit.ly/u4TfZ7, New message from Emma - http://bit.ly/nZGKHs, Hey guys, here's a link to the app http://www.facebook.com/emmawatson?sk=app_233355070032903 'Like' the app to be in with a chance of winning some great prizes!, Catch Emma's Hat on Facebook! - http://bit.ly/nA91xi, Lancôme have created a brand new app for my Facebook page called 'Catch Emma's Hat'. Like the app to be in with a chance to win either one of fifty bottles of Lancôme's new fragrance Trésor Midnight Rose or an exclusive prize from me!, Hi everyone
Hope you're all having a great summer!
I've been so thrilled with the success of Deathly Hallows Part 2 - such an awesome end. Hope you agree!
It's been pretty busy recently so I'm now trying to spend as much time as possible in my pyjama bottoms before going back to uni in October. 
Love Emma x, Vogue Italia have just published this new article detailing Emma's style history. Check it out! http://bit.ly/qelhd1, Emma's new Weibo Page - http://bit.ly/r8uB2P, London Deathly Hallows Part 2 Premiere - http://bit.ly/py5NYe, Hi everyone, I can't believe the premiere for the very last Harry Potter film is here! Just getting ready for the red carpet so not much time to write just now but I know I owe you all a proper update soon about Perks and everything else I've been doing. Hope to see lots of you in Trafalgar Square! Love Emma xx, Emma Appears in Vogue Magazine - http://bit.ly/lrhPpb, Emma at the 2011 MTV Movie Awards - http://bit.ly/k8Vc9L, Emma Appears in Empire Magazine - http://bit.ly/jLkvzf, Mark Demsteader print now available to purchase - http://bit.ly/j30Qy7, Hi everyone, sorry I've been neglecting you recently! Currently filming my new film 'Perks Of Being A Wallflower' in the US. It's all going really well, it's going to be a great film! What do you think of the Mark Demsteader portraits? How talented is he?? Not long to go now until the release of Deathly Hallows Part 2. Hope you're all as excited as I am! Love Emma xx, Mark Demsteader - http://bit.ly/jQIHnN, Glamour Best Dressed - http://bit.ly/mzVIQM, A message from Emma - http://bit.ly/lML4iT, Deathly Hallows Part 2 Trailer - http://bit.ly/iXKdKY, Emma's 21st Birthday Message - http://bit.ly/f6UkbD, Emma's 21st Birthday Video Message - http://www.emmawatson.com/en/Latest/Emma/Emmas-21st-Birthday-Message/, Hi everyone, hope you're all ok! It's all been a bit busy recently with the Lancome shoot in Paris and now my organic clothing collection with Alberta Ferretti, called Pure Threads, has been launched. You can see it on www.albertaferretti.com. Hope you like it! xx, Hi guys, just wanted to let you know that I will be releasing some information over the next few days on www.twitter.com/emwatson about an exciting new project I am doing! Check it out and see if you can guess the answers...! Em x
, Message from Emma - http://bit.ly/fwsqKA, Emma nominated for awards - http://bit.ly/goVV96, People Tree SS11 Collection launched - http://bit.ly/gA2aPO, Hi guys, hope you're all ok.

Just wanted to let you know my new People Tree collection is launched today! I have added all the pictures and a little video to my website http://www.emmawatson.com/en/Projects/People-Tree-SS11/ and of course you can buy it all from People Tree.

Hope you like the clothes. Let me know what you think! 
Love Em x, Oh, and please don't send any more mail to my agents - Markham, Froggatt and Irwin. The quickest way to get it to me is to use the PO Box! Thanks, love Em x, Hi all, quick favour to ask. 
When you lovely lot are sending me letters etc, please can you send them to the PO Box address on my website and not to Leavesden? There's no one at Leavesden anymore so I don't get those! Also, send emails to fans@emmawatson.com and not info@emmawatson.com which is for questions about the website. 
I love getting all your letters and I don't want them going missing! 
Thanks guys! x, Emma Talks To US Vogue About Pure Threads - http://bit.ly/hajrWL, ELLE Style Awards 2011 - http://bit.ly/gePrX0, Elle Style Awards were great fun last night and I can't believe I was given the Style Icon award - such an honour. Thank you Elle! However after four big nights out in a row I'm feeling a little tired now! 

Hope you all had a good Valentine's night too, whatever you were doing x, Oh and happy Valentine's Day everyone! Lots of love to you all x, The BAFTAs were so much fun last night! There were so many amazing people there x, Emma at the BAFTA awards - http://bit.ly/hfXzW6, Hi everyone, I just wanted to let you know that the rumours are true - I'm going to be playing Sam in "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" opposite Logan Lerman. Love Em xx, Sorry for long absence from here - so much to do and so little time to do it in before I go back to school! Hope you're all ok  x, Happy New Year everyone! Hope you all had a good one x, Hi guys, are you all ready for Christmas? Not long to go now... Exams all done and I’m back in the UK in 6 inches of snow!

Currently at Leavesden filming reshoots with Dan and Rupert. Feels strange to be back! x, I have had enough of revision - it's Christmas! Two more days to go... x, Only 18 days to go until Christmas! 
Just a small matter of a few exams to get through first! So much to do, so little time... x, Emma collaborates with Alberta Ferretti! - http://bit.ly/gE373o, Emma's Christmas message 2010 - http://bit.ly/dRUMTu, New Christmas page and video message in the 'Christmas Wishes' tab below!, Wherever you are this December, I hope you have a fantastic Christmas and wish you a wonderful New Year. 

Love Emma xx, Hey, why has that post gone on my wall but not updated my status?? (This will now go up as my status no doubt), 1st December tomorrow - Christmas is nearly here! Has everyone got their advent calendars ready to go? 

Keep an eye on www.emmawatson.com and here for a Christmas message from me coming soon (hopefully tomorrow)! xx, Sorry about the long absence - the last few weeks have been totally manic! It was amazing though; thank you so much for all your support. 

I'm back at Brown now trying to catch up on the work I missed before exams in December - can't believe it's only 30 days til Christmas! Where has the year gone?? 

Happy Thanksgiving to all you Americans out there!

Emma x, It's here...! x, Thanks for everyone who voted for me to be short-listed for the People's Choice Award!  

Day 2 of DH Part 1 press, so far so good. Getting really excited about tomorrow!
x, PEOPLE'S CHOICE AWARDS - UPDATE! - http://bit.ly/9PMGqI, I saw Deathly Hallows Part 1 at the weekend! I am so pleased and so proud; I really loved it. Dan and Rupert were amazing and I am just thrilled with how it's turned out. Can't wait for you all to see it and hear your thoughts!! Not long to go now... x, Emma in Marie Claire magazine - http://bit.ly/aOLtyZ, Emma makes the cover of UK VOGUE - http://bit.ly/avPnRH, Only 16 days to go - how did that come round so fast! Is everyone looking forward DH Part 1??? x, People’s Choice Award - http://bit.ly/bbkZWf, How is everyone this lovely Tuesday? 

I'm still enjoying school although it's a lot more work this year! 

Have you guys seen my baby brother Alex in Pixie Lotts new video - Broken Arrow?! I know I am a little biased but he's great! If you haven't seen it yet, here's a link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVnvikQpEig 

Speak to you soon

Love, Em x, Emma appears in READ campaign - http://bit.ly/aWsaeI, Total Film Magazine - http://bit.ly/9SQuv8, New Hermione Deathly Hallows Banner - http://bit.ly/9UWwkL, Emma tops Glamour magazine’s Best Dressed British Women 2010 list - http://bit.ly/cIUUpm, Hey everyone, only 47 days to go to Deathly Hallows Part 1! Not long to go! Have any of you won tickets to the premiere yet? x, New Deathly Hallows Trailer! - http://bit.ly/aDHFK1, Hi everyone, Below is an invitation from Christopher Bailey to watch the Burberry Prorsum Womenswear Spring/Summer 2011 live stream at http://www.burberry.com on Tuesday 21st September at 4pm (London time).  Enjoy!  Em x
http://www.facebook.com/#!/video/video.php?v=588103828421&ref=mf, One-fifth of #Pakistan is underwater- the equivalent of Belgium, Austria & Switzerland. 18.7 million need help including 9 million children
 .

We cannot allow those children saved from drowning in #Pakistan to die of disease. Pls donate to UNICEF today http://bit.ly/ayt1T1, People Tree AW 2010 - http://bit.ly/c0jJkR, Hi everyone, just back from an amazing holiday with my family. So nice just to chill out in the sunshine... Now I'm back in London for a quick turnaround before flying to the US ready for the start of term. Can't wait! Hope you're all ok x, One Night Only's Say you Don't Want It is already No 18 in the iTunes singles chart (I know it's not the official chart but it's a good indicator, no?!). Fantastic work guys. Fingers crossed for No 1 this Sunday!!! 

Starting to get ready to go back to Brown, the summer has flown. Hope everyone's having a great week (despite the miserable weather in the UK - where did the sunshine go???) x, Say You Don't Want It - Single - http://bit.ly/bH2oMC, HP7 - 100 days to go, Hi everyone, there are only 100 days to go until the release of Deathly Hallows Part 1!!! Check out the Warner Bros countdown app on www.facebook.com/HarryPotterUK. They have 100 premiere tickets to be won so I might see you there! X, Image Credit | Martin Schoeller, Dear all. Cut my hair off a few days ago... Feels incredible. I love it. I've wanted to do this for years and years; it's the most liberating thing ever. Hope you like. Big love from Emma x, null, After saying I'd keep it interesting I've now neglected you all for a week! So, at the moment I'm in New York, doing some press for Deathly Hallows Part 1 before university starts again in the autumn. Lots of things going on - it's been a busy summer! I'll be back on here soon, love Emma x, Wow! I can't believe how many of you have signed up on here! I am completely overwhelmed, thank you so much. I'll try to keep the page interesting for you all! Hope everyone has a good week, love Emma x, Hello again everyone. This is the real me on Facebook! Love Emma x)