List(Every latte, cappuccino, and coffee beverage expertly crafted from Fazenda Coffee Roasters beans. Join us for Jazz Brunch today!, The folks at BostonSpeaks are bringing their event Live Words - An Untamed Open Mic Where Anything Goes (April) to the cafe this month! Sign up for stand up, storytelling, poetry slam, improv, or a literary reading. A link to tickets are in the FB event below., Exodus Bagels are back TOMORROW 10am-1pm! Make sure to bring cash so you don't miss out on their awesome New York style bagels. We'll have live jazz playing all weekend long too! #Batch133, Want to learn more about Jubali? Chat w/ Zack (one of the founders) for the next 30+ mins at the cafe!, Make room for family weekend fun! We're organizing a family pizza making event, where parents, family and kids can spend a morning or afternoon making and eating a variety of pizzas. Room for up to 10 groups of 2+

Questions or want to sign up? Contact: biplawrai@dudleycafe.com, Join Tajan Renderos tomorrow on Friday, April 1st 5:30pm-7pm
for National #BlackWomanHealDay at Dudley Cafe!

Questions? Contact Irvienne:
SaferisSexy@gmail.com or 617-348-6263, null, Exodus Bagels are back this Saturday with their chewy, delicious, New York style bagels! Stop by from 10am-1pm for one of their bagels with schmear or signature sandwiches., We're still drooling over Chop Bar's Chicken, Biscuits, Sausage Gravy, and Collard Greens from last month's Open Mic Night. Kwasi Kwaa, The Chop Bar staff, and H.O.P.E. Inc. were also on the cover of the The Boston Globe Food Section a couple of weeks back! Photo: Chop Bar's Sarah Trainer

Can't wait to see what they have at April's HOPE INC Presents Open Mic Night Featuring D Ruff & M'Shairi on 4/6!, Fuel your Write Nite with SOUP writing session tonight with today's cake special: Carrot Cake, Brunch isn't just for the weekend... We offer it all day, every day., COMEDY OPEN MIC NIGHT is back tonight! It may be raining all day, but Matt Miller and tonight's comedians will brighten up the night.

Sign up is 7:00 and the show starts at 7:30., We've got you covered for lunch tomorrow. Stop in for #TacoTuesday and leave with a belly full of local grassfed beef tacos., Sunday vibes at the cafe Photo: Suhayl Azan, Features for April's Open Mic Night with D Ruff and M'Shari. Hosted by H.O.P.E. Inc., food pop-up by Chop Bar, and full cafe menu available., It may have snowed earlier this week, but we're thinking ahead to summer already! Patio is open and weekend hours are extended Sat & Sun 9am-5pm., Missed out on last month's Poetry Slam? The Society Of Urban Poetry - SOUP is back and ready to have you step up and take the mic! Admission is $8 online, and $10 at the door., Now you can get the "New Edition" Sandwich with local catering service Peach! A filling vegetarian sandwich filled with roasted sweet potato, avocado, pesto, goat cheese, crispy shallots, and arugula on sourdough bread., COMEDY OPEN MIC NIGHT is back on Monday! Swing by for some laughs and cafe eats. Hosted by local comedian Matt Miller.

Sign up is 7:00 and the show starts at 7:30!, Red Velvet Cupcakes for days... Prepping for a birthday or graduation party? Place your order with us to beat the rush. 617-445-1000, Don't leave this Red Velvet Cupcake hanging. Stop in for an afternoon pick me up., Are you a budding poet? Join The Society Of Urban Poetry - SOUP for March's WRITE NIGHT at the cafe on Tuesday, March 29th at 7pm! Serving our full menu w/ coffee, tea, beer, and wine too., It's a hot chocolate kind of day., Happy Sunday! Nice to see local art in Roxbury., Celebrate the weekend and swing by the cafe for brunch and relax with our Sake cocktail: the "Night at The Roxbury.", Brice from Jubali is sampling infused teas and smoothies today. Stop by and learn about their awesome product made right down the street from Dudley square.
They have great infused teas made from herbs, mushrooms and berries., Piles of buttery, flaky croissants ready for you this morning!, Continue your St. Patty's Day fun with us and get these cute shamrock cookies 1/2 off during Pastry Happy Hour after 4pm!, Happy St. Patty's Day! These shamrock cookies and Mint Matcha Latte sure are making us green with envy., Lighten up your Monday with some funny guys and gals on 3/28! We'll bring the talent, you bring the laughs., We're celebrating St. Patty's Day early at the cafe! Pick up a couple of these shamrock cookies and an espresso., We're celebrating Women's History Night with Dre and Pops tonight!

Bring your friendly competitive spirit and appetite for trivia and cafe eats. Full cafe menu including coffee, tea, beer, wine, and sake cocktails available., null, Trivia's back celebrating Women's History Month tomorrow 8-10pm!, Trivia's back tomorrow celebrating Women's History Month 8-10pm!, Join us for Jazz Brunch today until 2pm. Photo: Suhayl Azan, Just one more hour to snag some Exodus Bagels! #Batch130, Don't risk it! Get your Exodus Bagels and brisket! Tomorrow, 10am-2pm, Q from Q's Nuts stopped by the cafe today! Check out their fun flavors like "Sweet & Sassy" & "Banana Foster" at the counter., New cake flavor in the to go case has us feeling like it's Spring today: Lucious Lemon Cake by Danish Pastry House, Looking for vegetarian dishes at the cafe? Check out the Shanti Bowl. It's made with Spanish White Rice, Chickpea Curry, and house made Pico de Gallo., Bagels and Brisket - say what?! Check out Exodus Bagels again on Saturday March 12th, 10am-2pm! Their New York style bagels go fast. Bring cash and don't miss out!, One of the many community events we host at the cafe was noticed by The Boston Globe today. Congrats to H.O.P.E. Inc., Kwasi Kwaa, Chop Bar, and the Dudley Cafe staff!, Thanks to everyone who came out for The Society Of Urban Poetry - SOUP's "Souped Up Slam" at the cafe last night!, Celebrate the warmer weather with an Iced Italian Espresso! Fazenda Coffee Roasters' beans make us feel like we're soaking up the Roman sunshine., Exodus Bagels are back at the cafe with their New York style bagels Saturday March 12th, 10am-2pm! They go fast. Bring cash and don't miss out!, In the spirit of MEM Tea Imports' post on International Women's Day, stop in at the cafe and grab a cup of their tea!, null, Enjoy a cookie at tonight's The Society Of Urban Poetry - SOUP Poetry Slam and see who wins 1st place. Tickets available on Eventbrite or at the door at 7pm., Calling all poets! We're hosting our first Poetry Slam with The Society Of Urban Poetry - SOUP TONIGHT at 7pm!

The Deal: 12 poets, 3 rounds, 5 judges, and amazing poetry.
Three cash prizes: 1st place gets you $75, 2nd place gets you $35 and 3rd place gets you $15!, Tonight @7pm Dudley Cafe
Free event. 
Full food and drink menu., null, Let Lyft take care of your ride to or from the cafe at tonight's Dudley Cafe Movie Night! FREE rides up to $50 for new users!
Use promo code: LUCKYOU for $50 Off Your 1st Ride!
https://www.lyft.com/invited/luckyou, Who's ready for the cafe's first Dudley Cafe Movie Night with Michael Bonds TOMORROW at 7pm?

The event is FREE and open to the public. There will be a discussion following the screening of Spike Lee's ChiRaq The Movie., Amelia checking out Jazz Brunch this weekend 🎶, Live Jazz going on at the cafe. Stop by, grab coffee, a pastry, and Exodus Bagels bagel. #batch129, Calling all poets! We're hosting our first Poetry Slam with The Society Of Urban Poetry - SOUP on Tuesday at 7pm!

The Deal: 12 poets, 3 rounds, 5 judges, and amazing poetry.
Three cash prizes: 1st place gets you $75, 2nd place gets you $35 and 3rd place gets you $15!, Even babies like Exodus Bagels! Check out baby Ada with parents Matt and Erin who stopped in to grab bagels at today's pop-up! Going on until 1pm today. #batch12, Grab an El Chapo and The Cauling from Exodus Bagelsat the cafe until 1pm today! #batch129, Exodus Bagels are slinging bagels and sandwiches until 1pm today! Stop by early to nab one of their creative bites! #batch129, Joy Ike + Peace www.joyike.com Outside The Box Agency, Brittany Butler covering "Ipanema Girl" that landed her a spot on Pharrell Williams' team on The Voice!, Who's ready for the cafe's first Movie Night with Michael Bonds?

The event is FREE and open to the public. There will be a discussion following the screening of Spike Lee's ChiRaq The Movie.

Click on the event for more info!, Get ready to get your bagel on TOMORROW from 10am-1pm w/ Exodus Bagels! Stop by early to nab one of their creative bites! 

Adam Hirsh makes authentic New York Style bagels in Jamaica Plain. He has Pop-Ups all around town and we're happy to be one of them!, From last night's Open Mic Night: We loved Chop Bar's Chicken and Biscuits with brown butter gravy, and biscuits with sausage gravy and collard greens!, Get ready to get your bagel on this Saturday from 10am-1pm with Exodus Bagels! Stop by early to nab one of their creative bites! #Batch129, Tonight's Minority Business Expo Pre-Reception at The Urbano Project 7:30pm-10:30pm. Attend to network locally!, Just one day away! Come by tomorrow at 7pm to see Joy Ike!, Sign up for Open Mic Night starts at 8pm TONIGHT! 

Grab dinner from the Chop Bar and the cafe's full menu before and during the performances too!, Had a great time hosting We R Artemis' Goddess Social Brunch at the cafe this past weekend! 📷: We R Artemis, Open Mic Night is back TOMORROW!, Great to see local leadership in our backyard! Congrats to the Timothy Smith Network for their commitment to diversity and community., Local photographer Steve Osemwenkhae's prints are up in the cafe! We're celebrating #WomensHistoryMonth all March with his No Makeup Series empowering women to embrace their natural beauty. 

Check out more info on his "No Make Up Series" here: www.nomakeupseries.com, Stand up comedy - Last Monday every month. 
Come on down to Dudley square and get your laugh on., Comedy Night at the cafe TONIGHT! Sign up starts at 7pm. 

Full cafe menu available with food, wine, and beer too!, Happy Monday! We have freshly baked Ham and Cheddar Quiche in the pastry case this morning., We are extremely proud and excited for  Madison Park Technical Vocational High School and Kellsi Pemberton (a Madison Park student, and one of our first employees) for winning big.

We wish Kellsi and her team all the best in the nationals. Know that we believe in you KEELLLLLLLSSSIIII.....

Bob Luz, president and CEO of the Massachusetts Restaurant Association, calls the competition "exciting from the start." Both winning teams, he observes, were competitive and worked very hard. In addition, he notes, Madison Park was taking part for the first time in the ProStart event. "It is very rare for schools in their first year to even compete, never mind take home the gold," he points out. "The entire City of Boston should be proud to honor Madison Park, the first Boston school to join and compete in ProStart.”, Only one more day left to see Walter Clark's sculptures! Grab brunch, relax to live jazz and check them out., We are excited to offer our customers delicious and locally made smoothies and juices from Jubali starting this week.

Jubile's goal is to make the healthiest, most delicious food and drinks we can while making a positive social and environmental impact. We started out as a couple of guys renting out a local café's kitchen when it closed for the day at 8pm. We would make juice and smoothies until midnight and deliver by bicycle at 6am the next morning. As we grew, we developed our mantra:
                Nourish.Transform.Celebrate.
Jubilee is USDA Organic and is made locally in Commonwealth Kitchen, a non-profit kitchen in Dorchester and Jamaica Plain incubating more than 50 community based businesses., Stop by next Saturday and see why Exodus Bagels has the best bagels in town!, Network and enjoy some live jazz and good eats with We R Artemis today at noon!, Want to collab on an event at the cafe? Happy to host music like we did at Ayana Mack art open reception! 📷: DJ Slick Vick, Write Night was a success this past Tuesday! Many thanks to Matt from The Society Of Urban Poetry - SOUP for hosting. Catch him next month on 3/22 at 7pm for our next poetry reading/writing workshop!, Next Friday!, #tbt to when Cafe Owner Biplaw and Chef Gloria were testing out recipes last summer for the cafe!, Next week's Open Mic Night with H.O.P.E. Inc. features local standout Skoot. Stop in for some food, drinks, and local talent!, Join us THIS Monday night for the cafe's first monthly Comedy Night!

Terence Pennington Jr. will host. Sign up starts at 7:00pm, and the night will start at 7:30pm.

This night will happen on the last monday of every month. Don't forget to check out Matt Miller our host for our next mic happening March 28th!

Questions? email rob@dudleycafe.com, Exodus Bagels Bagel Pop Up is NEXT Saturday, March 5th 10am-1pm! Authentic New York style bagels in Jamaica Plain by Adam Hirsh. He sells them at Egleston Farmers Market on Saturdays and has Pop-Ups all around town. It's small batch and their handcrafted bagels are awesome! 📷: Exodus Bagels, Write Night starts TONIGHT at 7pm! Open to the public with The Society Of Urban Poetry - SOUP., Eeny, meeny, miny, mo..., A sample of what Joy Ike will be performing on March 4th!, You could get this croissant for 1/2 OFF after 4pm today!, Excited to open the doors to our next concept Shanti Restaurant - Kendall Sq tomorrow!, Cortados start Mondays off 👌 Stop in tomorrow night for our first Poetry Reading/Writing Workshop with The Society Of Urban Poetry - SOUP at 7pm!, Next Friday, March 4th!, Fine tune your poetry writing skills this TUESDAY at the cafe with The Society Of Urban Poetry - SOUP!, This muffin wants YOU to stop at the cafe for brunch and live jazz!, Get your bagel on at the cafe next SATURDAY, March 5th 10am-1pm w/ Exodus Bagels! Adam Hirsh makes authentic New York Style bagels in Jamaica Plain. He sells them at Egleston Farmers Market on Saturdays and has Pop-Ups all around town.

It's small batch and their handcrafted bagels are awesome!, Bring some sunshine into your weekend at brunch today and order a freshly squeezed OJ with a side of live jazz!, Catch the BAMS Collective Presents PRELUDE w/ Valerie Stephens + Smoove Impact event at 7pm after work to kick off your weekend!, It's Fazenda Friday! We have freshly roasted bags available in our retail section. Check out the Fazenda Blend and Costa Rica blends! Fazenda cafe, Happy Friday! Let us cook lunch for you today!, null, Grab a Baby Brownie before they're gone! #specialoftheday, "This iconic Dudley Square building was constructed in 1895 to house Ferdinand's Blue Store, a store owned by Frank Ferdinand and specializing in the sale of medium priced furniture." 

#tbt to the historic building we call home., Dudley Cafe is excited to host Goddess Brunch organized by "We R Artemis" to all woman in Boston area to network and collaborate.

We R Artemis is an organization that seeks to elevate the lives of all women through immersive experiences and retreats. Artemis workshops incorporate the power of mythology to our personal lives, mindfulness teaching, Jungian psychology, body movement, creativity and play to help participants reach a deeper level of consciousness and awareness through interactive learning.

Check out their website http://werartemis.com to learn more about them.

This is a free event and highly recommend to all the beautiful and powerful women from all walks of life to take advantage., Pastries Galore! Which one would you choose?, null, null, null, Trivia's back tonight 8-10pm! See you there for some friendly competition, good eats, and good vibes., null, null, Happy President's Day. It may be freezing outside, but we'll be open from 8am-2pm today. Stop in and warm up with a hearty bowl of oatmeal!, Happy Valentine's Day! 💕 Come in and treat your special someone to Jazz Brunch, or bring a friend in for Galentine's Day! #LoveOnMain, Rob and Aisha say to be sweet and buy your Valentine a Dudley Cafe gift card! Shop local in Boston Main Streets and Dudley Square Main Streets. #LoveOnMain, Valentine's Day weekend is here! Share one of these Red Velvet Cupcakes with one you 💕 Shop local in Boston Main Streets and Dudley Square Main Streets. #LoveOnMain, Have you tried our Gluten Free Blueberry Loaf yet? #loveonmain, Employee Spotlight: Aisha Payne. 22 years old. In school at Roxbury Community College and one of our 1st employees! Alaya Payne. 19 yrs old. Boston Day and Evening Academy. Graduating this year. Born and raised in Roxbury. They're sisters and we love them both!, "The Juicy J" burger is back all day TODAY and TOMORROW! Always made with 100% local grass fed beef., null, We have high chairs for all da babies! Check out Pierce, 8 months old, trying one out in the cafe today! #babiesofdudleycafe, Our owners Rokeya and Solmon Chowdhury are in The Boston Globe today, and celebrating Valentine's Day early!

"The co-owners of Boston’s Dudley Cafe and Shanti Dorchester launched Cambridge’s Monroe Restaurant and Monroe this month. When they’re not working, they enjoy spicy fish at home in Roxbury." #loveonmain, Loving the pastry case today! Which one would you choose?, The Beatles may or may not have said: “#LoveOnMain is all you need”. #Shoplocal in Boston Main Streets and Dudley Square Main Streets for Valentine's Day anyway.

We're celebrating everyday with Nutella Brownies and Danish Pastry House Red Velvet Cupcakes!, Stop by the cafe before Hibernian Hall's Feb. 21st event! We have a fabulous live Jazz Brunch from 10am-2pm, breakfast all day, etc., Grab a taco quick! Cafe closes at 3pm today. "Juicy J" burgers back on thurs/fri too!, null, null, We're open until 3pm today! Warm up with a tea pot of MEM Tea Imports Lapsang Souchong., Jazz Brunch happening now! Swing by for cafe for a mimosa, good eats, and live jazz!, Don't let the snow stop you! Grab brunch, relax to live jazz, and see Walter Clark's Opening Art Reception from 9am-3pm TODAY!, Don't let the snow stop you! Grab brunch, relax to live jazz, and see Walter Clark's Opening Art Reception from 9am-3pm TOMORROW!, Our doors are still open today! Even our Coffee Director Rob is enjoying the patio! #patioseason, It may be snowing outside, but it's nice and toasty in the cafe! Warm up with a cup of joe or soup!, NEXT month we're hosting the ever talented Joy Ike at the cafe with Justin Springer from Outside The Box Agency! Don't miss out and click on the event for more info., 100% Grass Fed Burgers are back all day TODAY and TOMORROW! Stop by the cafe and don't miss out on "The Juicy J!", Great to have Michael W. Bonds (Spokenwordsmith, Motivator, Activist, and Author of Gunz Poems and Rosez and The Write) in the cafe last night at Open Mic Night! It was a packed event as usual and we enjoyed all of the local talent! Photo by Suhayl Azan., null, Open Mic Night is back TONIGHT! Excited to host with H.O.P.E. Inc. again and see some local talent. 8pm-10pm.

Kwasi Kwaa and The Chop Bar will be featuring some Caribbean street favorites: Spicy pulled jerk beef steam buns, traditional Trinidadian deep-fried pholourie with spicy mango chutney.

We're Introducing the cafe's NEW Late Night menu too! 
Featuring: Pulled Pork Silders, 100% Local Grass Fed Beef Sliders, Flatbreads, sandwiches, nutella brownies, tea, coffee, beer, and wine., Don't forget... All pastries are half off after 4pm Monday-Friday!, Mark your calendars for this Wednesday's Open Mic Night!, Our patio is baaaack! Enjoy this awesome weather and soak up the sunshine.☀️, Temps are heating up in Boston today! Cool off w/ a Fazenda Coffee Roasters Iced Coffee. #feelslikespring, We 💕 Jazz Brunch as much as local Derek Lumpkins (📷 by him)., Happy Friday! Classic combo: Nashoba Brook Bakery Everything bagel (from OMG Bagels) w/ lox, capers, red onion, and cream cheese.👌, Beautiful beef top round for our 100% Grass Fed Beef Burgers every Thurs/Fri. Pure, healthy & delicious. Raised in MASSACHUSETTS by our friends at Carbone Farms., Super moist Danish Pastry House Red Velvet Cupcakes w/ cream cheese frosting going fast at cafe. Stop in before they're gone! #treatyoself, Isn't she a beaut? Slices of Danish Pastry House's Red Velvet Cake are 1/2 off after 4pm today! #pastryhappyhour, null, null, Danish Pastry House Raspberry Pop Tarts in the cafe today! These aren't your Pop Tarts from childhood.👌, Happy #TacoTuesday! We have 100% local grass fed beef tacos from Massachusetts, served with guacamole, and pico de gallo on a corn tortilla ALL DAY!, Open Mic Night is just a little over a week away! Mark your calendars for one of our fav monthly events hosted by H.O.P.E. Inc. with a food pop-up by Chop Bar on Wed. Feb. 3rd at 8pm!, Fazenda Coffee Roasters Cold Brew is in! How New England does wintah..., Taco Tuesday is back again TOMORROW! Made with 100% local grass fed beef steak from Massachusetts, and served with guacamole, pico de gallo on a soft or hard shell corn tortilla.

Thanks to our talented Cafe Manager Syd for making these lovely signs!, Don't forget... All pastries are half off after 4pm EVERYDAY!, Are you sticking to your New Years Resolution? We make healthy eats easy. Pick up one of our salads made fresh daily!, Who's ready for #TacoTuesday next week?? Made with 100% local grassfed beef steak from Massachusetts, and served with guacamole, pico de gallo on a soft or hard shell corn tortilla.

We're selling the "Juicy J" burger again today too!, New pie: Blueberry Custard with Pecan Crumble. Try a slice today!, Starting tomorrow: THURSDAYS & FRIDAYS we're introducing "the Juicy J": 100% grass fed beef burger with swiss or cheddar cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce on a sesame challah bun., Don't be green with envy that we have Pistachio Muffins from Danish Pastry House. Stop by and get one before they're all gone!💚 #freshlybaked, Trivia night is TONIGHT! Bring yourself, friends, etc. for some healthy trivia competition. Fresh Food Generation will be back for another food pop-up too!, Trivia night is TOMORROW! Bring yourself, friends, etc. for some healthy trivia competition. Fresh Food Generation will be back for another food pop-up too!, Scene from the weekend: We 💕 #ladieswhobrunch especially at our Jazz Brunch!👌, In observance of Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, the cafe will be closed TOMORROW. #dayofservice

We will be back to normal hours on Tuesday, January 19th., Retail section is up in the cafe! Now you can brew and steep your fave Fazenda coffee, Teatulia Tea and MEM Tea Imports tea from the cafe at home. #winning, We’re spotlighting a couple of our employees and vendors every month! Meet Jeffrey Stephens, our part-time employee from The English High School (started as our summer Abcd intern!). A high school senior, Jefferey is applying for college this spring and is on his school’s basketball team. Jeffrey can be found at the cafe stocking drinks, doing inventory, and helping out at the counter after school. #youthempowerment #hirelocal, Happy Friday! Stop in and celebrate with a bagel from Nashoba Brook Bakery (OMG Bagels)! We're open until 5pm today. #tgif, Good morning! It may be freezing outside, but our Mint Matcha Latte is the perfect remedy!🍵, Perk Alert! Free cup of egg nog with a pastry purchase. Grab one tomorrow on your morning commute!, Fazenda Coffee Roasters Cappuccino + Danish Pastry House Everything Bagel = Dudley Cafe experience, We make pretty awesome French Toast! Pretend it's the weekend and let us make you breakfast tomorrow morning., Shout out to our sister restaurant and nightclub Monroe/Monroe Restaurant getting a mention in Eater Boston!, #FreshOutOfTheOven: Tomato Feta Spinach Quiche 🎉, Fresh Chocolate Chip Cookies baking away! Enjoy them while they're still warm and grab a some Thatcher Farm milk from our "to go" case while you're at it!, Celebrate the sunshine today with one of Head Baker Betsy's Cranberry Orange Scones!

All pastries are half off everyday from 4-7pm!, null, Testing out tacos for upcoming #TacoTuesdays! We'll be using local grass fed beef from Adams Farm!, A great way to start out the New Year with a mention on The Boston Globe's "50 best new restaurants!"

Thanks to the Dudley Cafe Team and our awesome customers for making this happen!, null, OPEN MIC starts at 8pm TONIGHT! See you there!, Spice up your Wednesday and grab Shanti Dorchester's Matar Paneer from our To Go section! #sisterrestaurant, Don't miss out on this month's Open Mic event featuring H.O.P.E. Inc., The Society Of Urban Poetry - SOUP, and dinner pop-up by Kwasi Kwaa (Chop Bar)! See you all there at 8pm TOMORROW!, We're not monkeying around when we say that we have the best Banana Bread in Dudley Square. Stop by and try a slice before they're gone!, Just a couple of days away until January's Open Mic event with H.O.P.E. Inc., The Society Of Urban Poetry - SOUP, and Kwasi Kwaa (Chop Bar)! See you all there at 8pm THIS WEDNESDAY!, Let us make lunch for you tomorrow. Grab a Hummus wrap from our To Go case and get your New Year off to a healthy start!, We've got a nice crowd going on at Linda Lipkin's Photography Open Reception! Will be going on until 1pm. Stop by to see local art, live jazz, and nosh on brunch., You may need one of these after ringing in the New Year!, #tbt to when we were busy sanding down our pastry counter to perfection! #yearinreview, Bring some #Joia into your life. #thirstythursday, Ayana Mack's work will be up until tomorrow, Dec. 31st! Stop by the cafe and check it out! #supportlocal, null, Cortado for a cold day in Boston.❄️, Holiday Hours for the week:

Wednesday, December 30th: 8am-5pm
Thursday, December 31st: 8am-3pm
Friday, January 1st: CLOSED
Saturday, January 2nd: 9am-3pm
Sunday, January 3rd: 9am-3pm, null, Stocking up the to go case! #beveragesrus, Mark your calendars for our next Open Mic night on January 6th with H.O.P.E. INC and food by Chop Bar!, Getting our Jazz Brunch on w/ Mike & the Gang + Exodus Bagels, Decisions, decisions... We'll take one of each please! Exodus Bagels pop-up happening until 12:30pm TODAY! #batch118, Come down to the cafe and support your local businesses! We're serving up Exodus Bagels for 1 more hour! #batch118, Come down to the cafe this morning for Exodus Bagels & Jazz Brunch this morning!, Super excited to host Exodus Bagels at Dudley Cafe TOMORROW serving the best bagels in town. If you haven't checked them out, please do so.

Adam Hirsh makes authentic New York style bagel in Jamaica Plain and sells them at Egleston Farmers Market on Saturdays and has Pop Ups all around town.

It's small batch and their handcrafted bagels are to die for. #batch118, Looking for healthy eats after indulging this holiday season? Grab one of our Tandoori Chicken Salads - made fresh daily! Sourced from Shanti Dorchester and Shanti at Roslindale., Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays from the Dudley Cafe team! We'll be open for normal hours tomorrow.🌲🎁, Make room for our favorite JP bagels with Exodus Bagels' Pop-Up at 10am this SUNDAY!, #tbt to this month's Open Mic Chop Bar pop-up dinner! Next one is on January 6th. See you then!, Look at that presentation! Just a couple of weeks left to order Santa's Choice (Eggnog Latte)!, ***Holiday Hours***, This Season, give them the gift of pastries and java. 25% off all price levels listed! #tistheseason, Exodus Bagels is popping' up at the cafe THIS SUNDAY, 10:30am-12:30pm!, Don't be a grinch. Get in the holiday spirit and share our Peppermint Crush Latte with your crush! #happyholidays, Spreading the holiday cheer with Women Connecting Affecting Change at their holiday party today!, Last day to order Holiday Pies is TODAY! Call in or stop by the counter to place your order!, Samples for today!, Last day to order Holiday Pies is TOMORROW! Call in or stop by the counter to place your order!, Get your bagel on at the cafe this SUNDAY, Dec. 27th 10am-1pm w/ Exodus Bagels! #supportlocal, Live Jazz + Brunch = Sunday vibes., Jazz Brunchin' at the cafe.🍴🎶, 'Tis the season for our Candy Cane Mocha!, Butternut Squash Soup for the soul on the menu today.☔️, #tbt to when cafe owner Biplaw and coffee manager Rob were handing out these tasty samples to the Dudley community this summer before opening!, We had a packed house for Trivia Night last night. We can't wait until the next one in January! 

Shout out to Eric and Pops for hosting and Fresh Food Generation for the delicious food!, null, null, We're hosting our first monthly Trivia Night series TONIGHT. Join us and be our first-ever winner!

Click on the page below to get a FREE Lyft RIDE to and from the cafe during the event!, null, Stay on Santa's good list and order Santa's Choice (Eggnog Latte) next time you're at the cafe!, Who's ready for trivia?!

We're hosting our first monthly Trivia Night series TOMORROW
with Dre and "Pops."

Join us and be our first-ever winner!, Holiday lattes are here! #HappyHolidays, Look at the size of those biscuits!🎉, Happy Monday! Wake up with a strong cup of Square One Coffee at the cafe! ☕️, null, Live jazz by Mike & The Gang jiving up the cafe's Mela Fair., Stop by our Mela fair until 5pm today and grab a FREE hot apple cider and chocolate chip cookie while holiday shopping w/ local vendors!, Make sure to check out these awesome kid's work from Teach 2 Learn, Learn 2 Teach at today's Mela Fair!, Mark your calendars for THIS afternoon, 1pm - 5pm!

We're hosting our first HOLIDAY FAIR featuring:
- kid-friendly paper snowflake making station
- art for sale from our current and past featured artists
- local youth organizations
- live jazz from Mike & the Gang
- ...and FREE cookies, Apple cider, & hot chocolate!, Who's ready for trivia?! We're hosting our first monthly Trivia Night series on Tuesday. Join us and be our first-ever winner! 

Click on the page below to get a FREE Lyft RIDE to and from the cafe during the event!, Holiday Gift Cards are here! This Season, Spread the joy of Dudley Cafe. 25% off all price levels listed! #happyholidays, Scenes from thursday's #secondthursdays: Live jazz and a Contraband Bass Guitar history lesson sponsored by Dudley Square Main Streets & co-hosted by Discover Roxbury and Future Boston Alliance., Who's ready for Jazz Brunch???! This could be your brunch set up every Saturday and Sunday 11am-2pm., Mark your calendars for THIS Sunday afternoon, 1pm - 5pm!

We're hosting our first HOIDAY FAIR featuring:
- kid-friendly paper snowflake making station
- art for sale from our current and past featured artists
- local youth organizations
- live jazz from Mike & the Gang
- ...and FREE cookies and hot chocolate!, Catching a performance by local Roxbury kids! #bollingbuilding #happyholidays, Scenes from last night's #secondthursdays: Live jazz hosted by Gallery EyeCare. Dudley Square Main Streets, Scenes from last night's #secondthursdays: Fulani Hayes and live jazz sponsored by Dudley Square Main Streets & co-hosted by Discover Roxbury and Future Boston Alliance., Dudley Square's first-ever 2nd Thursdays is just a little over an hour away! See you in the Square and support your local businesses from 5-7pm!, TOMORROW it's #GoingDownInDudley 5-7pm!

At Dudley Cafe: Local Art for sale; 15% off food; 50% off pastries; Beer and Wine for purchase. 

A *NEW* monthly #BlockParty Series w/ Future Boston Alliance, Discover Roxbury, Dudley Square Main Streets, Dudley Dough, Castillo's & others!, We are humbled and so excited to have won "Most Welcome Arrival" by The Boston Globe's "2015 Boston-area restaurant awards!" 

Shout out to the support of our amazing staff, customers, and neighbors who have all contributed to the cafe's success!, We have Ginger Lemon Tea in the house! MEM Tea Imports #teatime, We make our Vanilla Loaf with vanilla beans to take it over the top!👌, Shout our to our friends at Final Touch With Class Boutique for making it into the Bay State Banner! 

Mayor Martin Walsh stresses to support your local businesses and local Main Streets district stores five times during the holiday season and tweet the experience with the hashtag #5onMain: 

“Out of every dollar spent in a local business district, 58 cents will be returned to that community, fueling our local economies and contributing to more vibrant neighborhoods.”, null, Feta, Spinach, & Tomato Quiche game going strong. #lunchtime, Live Jazz by Mike & The Gang. #jazzbrunch, Jazz Brunch is in full swing right now! Every Saturday and Sunday we'll be serving our brunch special: quiche, bacon or sautéed spinach, fresh fruit, and French toast w/ syrup. We have Mimosas too!, Ayana Mack's opening reception was a success! Her work will be up through the end of the month. Stop by, check it out, and support a local artist! Her pieces are for sale too!, null, Ayana Mack's Opening Reception at the cafe is just under an hour away!, null, BLACKBERRY LIMES SCONES to zest up your afternoon.✨, Don’t miss out on this month’s #OPENMIC Night! 8-10pm TONIGHT. There will be a dinner pop-up too! 🍴🎤, Supporting #worldaidsday today at the cafe. Thanks to our neighbors at Final Touch With Class Boutique for dropping off these ribbons to spread the word!♥️✌️, Tomorrow Dec. 2nd is this month's OPEN MIC NIGHT! 8-10pm. See you there!, Samples for today: Blueberry Muffin & Green Onion Gruyere Prosciutto Scone!, Our 1st Holiday Fair is just under 2 weeks away...
Join us on DECEMBER 13th for holiday bites, live jazz, crafts, etc.
Bring your kids too!, Last day of November's featured artist, Martinas Andrius! This piece and a few others are still for sale! #localart, Happy Monday! Swing by the cafe and start your week off right with our cappuccino made w/ local Thatcher Farms milk and Square One Coffee!☕️🐄, null, Egg Nog Custard Pie coming soon!!#testkitchen #happyholidays, End your weekend on a sweet note. Matcha Green Tea Shortbread and Earl Grey Shortbread cookies.🍵🍪, Wake up tomorrow morning and let us cook breakfast for you! Vegetarian Breakfast Sandwich to the rescue. #breakfastofchampions, Tomorrow is American Express Small Business Saturday.
We'll be open 9AM-3PM with 25% off pie slices! #ShopSmall, Happy (post) Thanksgiving from the Dudley Cafe crew! (📷 by Martinas Andrius) #weheartouremployees #neighborhoodlove #happyholidays, The Bolling Building & Dudley got some nice coverage on WGBH yesterday!

Cheers to our neighbors Roxbury Innovation Center and Dudley Dough. Check out our feature too!, Thanksgiving is tomorrow! Here are our hours for the rest of the week.
Also, join us for our EMPLOYEE THANKSGIVING tomorrow from 11am-2pm!, Things are happening in Dudley! Thanks to The Boston Globe for the quick mention!, Happy Monday! Is it lunch time yet? Pick up our Tandoori Chicken & Beet Salad on your break. It's from our sister restaurant Shanti Dorchester!, Thanksgiving is just a few days away! Check out our holiday hours. Plus, we're hosting our own Employee Thanksgiving (you're invited)!, Community Servings provides meals for those too sick to cook for themselves. We're proud to be a #PieInTheSky baker! pieinthesky.org, Thanksgiving is next week! We have reduced hours and will even be hosting our own Employee Thanksgiving (you're invited)!, Look at that espresso pull. ☕️ Square One Coffee #americano, Your #Thanksgiving pie can provide a week’s worth of nutritious meals for a Community Servings client: pieinthesky.org, We're selling Thanksgiving pies until Monday. Sign up and bring something special this year like our Pecan Bourbon Pie made with Four Roses Bourbon!, We're proud to be a #PieInTheSky baker & support Community Servings this Thanksgiving! Buy your pie by Sat 11/21: pieinthesky.org, null, Fuel up on our house made Trail Mix. Perfect for those long days at the office, after school snack, or straight up noshing. #getit #foodisfuel, The Possible Project's event in the Bolling Building going on until 7pm tonight. Stop by and support your local teen entrepreneurs!, Mya from The Possible Project picking up our donation of 100 cookies for tonight's Student Marketplace at Boston Public Schools! #youthempowerment, Have you seen Martinas Andrius' paintings in the cafe? They're for sale and will be up through the end of November! #cafegallery, Chocolate Chip Cookies ready for your order! Ours are big enough to share with a friend.🍪#sharingiscaring #freshlybaked, Samples for today! Raspberry Lemon Scone, Prosciutto Green Onion Gruyere Scone, & Blackberry Muffin., Yogurt Parfait prep going on. Only the best ingredients go into ours! #housemade, Let us do your Holiday pie baking for you. We've got Pumpkin, Pecan Bourbon, Apple, & Buttermilk Custard.🍴🍂🍁🍃, Make Thanksgiving extra special this year and bring one of our pies. Pecan Bourbon is the perfect complement to all that 🦃., We're ready for holiday pie orders! Here's just one of our baking team's lovely creations! Also have Pecan Bourbon, Pumpkin, & Buttermilk Custard., We're giving out free samples right now at the cafe! Stop by, grab a bite, and say hi! #samplesgalore, Scenes from tonight's Open Mic Night., Stop by tonight from 8-10pm for this month's Open Mic Night! All are welcome. See you there!, null, Chocolate Croissant Bread Pudding making it's debut at the cafe. Come in before 3pm and grab a slice before it's all gone!, Happy Veteran's Day. In recognition, we will be open 9am-3pm, and will reopen for Open Mic night 8-10pm (serving beer & wine only). #thankyouforyourservice, Did you know that we have a Kid's Menu? Bring in your little ones for a bite to eat too! #justforthem, Veteran's Day is this WED. In recognition, we will be open 9am-3pm, and will reopen for Open Mic night 8-10pm (serving beer & wine only). #thankyouforyourservice, Happy Bagel Monday! We especially love ours from Nashoba Brook Bakery.
#bageltime #weheartcarbs, Make room this Wednesday, Nov. 11th for this month's Open Mic Night! 8-10pm. All are welcome. See you there! #music #spokenword #poetry, Some snapshots from tonight's opening reception of Martinas Andrius' work. #dudleycafe #localart, Stop by TONIGHT, 5-7pm and see Martinas Andrius' work! Discount on food during the event! #openingreception, Zest up your morning with our Blackberry Lime Scone.💃🏻 #zestforlife, Don't miss our Opening Reception of November's featured artist Martinas Andrius this Friday from 5-7pm!, It's #nationalsandwichday! Celebrate with our "Dudley's Favorite" featuring tandoori roasted chicken from Shanti Dorchester.🎉🍴, How was your Halloween weekend? We had a Ghostbuster scope out the cafe for any rogue ghosts.🎃 #ghostpatrol #dudleycafe, Jen's MassQing capping off a great exhibit of local artist Daniel Callahan from @massq_us.✌️Year of the MassQ #MassQ #dudleycafe #roxbury, Daniel's Closing reception of Year of the MassQ is happening right now! Stop by the cafe for 25% off goods at the cafe!, If you missed out on our Chana Masala Rice Bowls w/ Spanish Rice and Pico De Gallo (from our sister restaurant Shanti Dorchester) last night at Heart of the Hub, stop by the cafe and pick one up! Lots of awesome options from #shantiboston as well! Discover Roxbury #hoth2015 #fbf, Jamming out at Heart of the Hub, serving food and fundraising.
#hoth2015 #roxbury #dudleycafe, We're at #discoverroxbury's Heart of the Hub! We're serving Chana Masala W/ Spanish Rice and Pico De Gallo. Stop by, grab a bite, and say hi!
#hoth2015, Who's ready for Heart of the Hub tonight?! Food, music, and a (fun)draiser - can't beat that combo! #HOTH2015, Don't miss our closing reception of October's featured artist, Daniel Callahan, and his exhibition of Year of the MassQ 5-7pm tomorrow. MassQing of co-owner Rokeya., *Pop-Up Dinner* for tonight hosted by Kwasi Kwaa! Serving Kelewele & Bayere Ne Chinam tonight until 10pm during our 1st Open Mic night w/ Project H.O.P.E., Inc., Jen from Action for Boston Community Development educating people on safe sex. She'll be at the cafe until 7pm tonight! #SaferisSexy #PopUpEvent, We're kicking off our first Open Mic series w/ Project H.O.P.E., Inc. TONIGHT from 8-10pm! We're also hosting a Ghanian Street Food Pop-Up prepared by Kwasi Kwaa!, #saferissexy pop-up event TODAY at the cafe from 3pm-7pm. Pumpkin Whoopie Pies (FREE!) and reduced price coffee will be there!, Our cookies are ghoulishly good. Stay tuned for new cookie creatures every day leading up to Halloween!, Take a little bit of Shanti Dorchester and Shanti at Roslindale with you from our grab and go section. We're serving our Aloo Gobi, Matar Paneer, Chicken Tikka, Saag Paneer, and Rice Pudding., Aren't these the cutest? Grab one of these little 🎃s fast - just 5 for $1! #Halloween #dudleycafe, Who's ready for Halloween?? We've got Bat Shortbread cookies in the pastry case. Grab one soon before they all fly away! #battothebone #roxbury, Start off your weekend celebrating one of our neighborhood artists, Daniel Callahan in his closing reception of Year of the MassQ at the cafe this Friday, Oct. 30th at 5pm. Hope to see you there!, TONIGHT at 5pm - Celebrate Boston Public Art at the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building Building!  #supportlocal, Pumpkin season is here! Grab a Pumpkin Whoopie Pie and celebrate.🎃
#fridayfavorite, #saferissexy on #halloween! Stop by the cafe for Safer is Sexy's Pop-Up event on Oct. 28th from 3pm-7pm to complete their female condom education and receive a Pumpkin Whoopie Pie (FREE!) and reduced price coffee. #bossup, Save the date! Make sure to check out Daniel Callahan's closing reception on Oct. 30th at 5pm! His Year of the MassQ prints are for sale in the cafe. Support a local artist and stop by!, Fresh squeezed OJ available everyday, all day. Bring some ☀️ into your afternoon.🍊✌️#dudleycafe, Cafe owners Solmon and Rokeya Chowdhury had a great time hosting Ayanna Pressley for Boston City Council At Large this weekend as she featured Dudley Cafe and her hard work spent on liquor license approvals throughout Dorchester!, null, null, City Councilor Ayanna Pressley presents Dine 617. Check out your local places., City Councilor Ayanna Pressley presents Dine 617. Check out your local places., City Councilor Ayanna Pressley presents Dine 617. Check out your local places., 'Tis the season for Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Muffins., Get your kale on. Kale Salad w/ housemade Buttermilk Dressing from local farm, City Growers in Roxbury. #healthyeats, We’re spotlighting a couple of our employees and vendors every month! Meet Neysh Ortiz, our part-time Pastry Intern and employee from #MadisonParkHighSchool (1 of 6 of our employees from the high school!). Neysh moved to #Boston 7 years ago with her family from Puerto Rico and loves all things baking. Working under Head Pastry Chef Betsy, Neysh works at the cafe when she is done with school for the day and on weekends when available. Favorite item from the cafe? Chocolate Chip Muffins - made by her of course! #hirelocal #employeespotlight #youthempowerment, We had a great time sampling assorted Pizzas w/ whole grain crust and Butternut Squash Soup at Dudley Dough this afternoon! Awesome pizza and people! #neighborhoodlove #supportlocal, Holiday hours for today: 8am-5pm
#dudleycafe #holiday #wereopen, Banana Bread prep time!🍌🍞#bakeddaily, How do you take your coffee? Decisions, decisions... #coffeetime, Fresh patio furniture officially basking in the ☀️. #dudleycafe #patiolife #roxbury, Matt from Matt's Meals had some nice things to say about the cafe this morning on WBZ NewsRadio's "Connoisseur's Corner!" 

Shoutout to our partners, MEM Tea Imports, Square One Coffee, and Nashoba Brook Bakery for being mentioned as well! 

Beer & wine are now available - perfect for way to wind down at the end of the day!, Fresh coat of paint. Patio coming soon! #cafeprep, Check out Devra First's awesome write up of the cafe in The Boston Globe!, Year of the MassQ's finished piece w/ co-owner Rokeya! We had a great time participating in Discover Roxbury's #roxburyopenstudios this year! #artweekboston, null, MassQ update. Color is being introduced from Year of the MassQ. (Discover Roxbury artist Daniel Callahan). #roxburyopenstudios, The MassQing is underway w/ Year of the MassQ & Discover Roxbury! #ros15 #artweekboston #roxburyopenstudios, Busy this afternoon? Swing by the cafe for Year of the MassQ's live massQing exhibition w/ co-owner Rokeya at 2pm today! #ros15 #artweekboston, Daniel Callahan's work Year of the MassQ is up at the cafe for Discover Roxbury's #roxburyopenstudios! Check out his live MassQing painting exhibition at 2pm tomorrow w/ co-owner Rokeya!, We're giving out samples of brownies until 3pm for Dudley Square Main Streets #tasteofdudley! Stop by and say hi!, We'll be giving out samples of brownies at the cafe from 1pm-3pm for the Taste of Dudley! We'd love to see you!, Some of the installations from tonight's #roxburyopenstudios Artist's Reception hosted by Discover Roxbury and Museum of the National Center of Afro-American Artists, Inc., The lovely Marisa from Discover Roxbury and folks from the Museum of the National Center of Afro-American Artists, Inc. at tonight's Artist's Reception. #ros15, Discover Roxbury's #RoxburyOpenStudios has officially begun! Check out artist, Daniel Callahan's work (Year of the MassQ) this weekend at the cafe!, Roxbury Open Studios starts today w/ Discover Roxbury's sites. We're showcasing artist, Daniel Callahan's Year of the MassQ this weekend, with a live painting exhibition of his MassQing technique at Dudley Cafe at 2pm on Sunday!, Cooling rack find: I spy a Blueberry Muffin. #findoftheday #finderskeepers, Quiche game is going strong. Grab a slice, warm it up, and enjoy on this ☔️ day., Happy #nationalcoffeeday! Grab a cup of joe and fruit to go and celebrate.☕️🍴🎉, Sampling Dudley Dough's Sausage Pizza and Haley House Bakery Cafe's Chicken & Cheese Empanadas at Roxbury Innovation Center. Yum!, Listening to Ayanna Pressley, Marty Walsh, Future Boston Alliance, Boston Public Schools on innovation in Roxbury., We fuel DJs like TrendSetterTv.com. ☕️🍴🎶 Check him out at our sister venue Naga tomorrow night! #breakfast #djfuel #biker #beats, Mike Greensteen on the trumpet outside of the cafe! #livemusic #roxbury, Catching up with Trist from City Growers, one of our partners. Seasonal salads are sourced directly from their local Dorchester farms. #eatlocal, Sampling head baker Betsy's new creation: Pistachio Shortbread Cookie sandwich w/ Pistachio Pastry Cream. 😱💕🍪 Run, don't walk when these hit the pastry case! #crisp #crunchy #butterygoodness, Nutella Pop Tarts on display! #dudleycafe #housemade #betterthanpillsbury, Our friends over at Grove Hall Trust visiting the space!, Spinach & Feta Scone. There's some green in there, so it's automatically healthy. Right...? #weheartcarbs #getyourgreenson, We love our customers, and happy ones at that! Check out Matt's nice words on our new cafe: http://bit.ly/1QtlA8k, Did you know that we make our own jam? You can even take it home with you! #winning #homemade, Toasted Breakfast Sandwich w/ cooked spinach, egg, cheese & house sauce on Brioche.👌#breakfastofchampions, Matcha Latte time. Try it with soy milk!🍵✌, Samuel Allison's paintings look pretty awesome on the cafe's walls! #bostonart, Just one slice of Cheddar Gruyere Prosciutto Quiche left. Grab it before it's gone!, NAGA Restaurant sushi and Jarritos in the refrigerator case. Can't get better than that for lunch!, Mason doin her thang and livening up the cafe's walls. #workinprogress, A good sight when the line is like this for most of the day. #openingday #dudleycafe, City Councillor Tito Jackson stopping by with owners Solmon and Rokeya Chowdhury, and supporting Dudley Square's new hangout spot (his "satellite office")! #dudleycafe, Back in Eater Boston as we officially open our doors today. Stop by. Say hi, grab a bite, grab a cup of joe. #dudleycafe, Final tasting (Heath cookie, Prosciutto Gouda guyere quiche, and Peach tart)  before we officially open our doors at 7am tomorrow morning! #dudleycafe, Mason hard at work sketching out the cafe's mural. #dudleycafe, Brownie tower at Dudley Cafe tasting happening right now! 12-1pm. #openingsoon, The cafe is bustling with activity! We'll be giving out samples everyday from 12 - 1pm. Stop by and say hi! #DudleyCafe, Triple Berry Bars. Coming to Dudley Cafe on September 14th. #DudleyCafe, null, Grill lines like whoa.
#breakfastsandwich #recipetesting, 3D printed food? Neat, but we still love our handmade goods!, In back-to-school fashion, a glimpse at the cafe crew studying up on tea varieties from MEM Tea Imports today!📓☕️ #teatasting #studytime, Cafe manager and business partner Biplaw getting his 15mins of fame with WGBH News!, The Dudley Cafe test kitchen hard at work! We make a pretty mean sandwich. #testkitchen #dreamteam, We're still drooling over these Brioche Slider Rolls that Nashoba Brook Bakery dropped off for us to try out. #tbt, That's some pretty nice woodwork! #customdesign #customwoodwork #cafeconstruction, Look at those materials. Adding texture to the space with our repurposed ceiling tiles and custom woodwork., The brick wall is up! Each one has a story behind it and is repurposed from an old Brooklyn building., That's a wrap on the Dudley Cafe orientation! Awesome to get most of the staff together and nosh on some tasty pastries from Danish Pastry House. #openingsoon, Almond macaroons for the win! We're eager to get these to you in just a few weeks! The almonds add a nice crunch., Cups sleeves arrived today! You know what that means... We're close to opening!, Cheers and happy #InternationalBeerDay!! You'll be able to grab a cold one at the cafe when we open, so you can start your weekend off right. #tgif, Shoutout from Eater Boston this morning on our new Shanti Dorchester location in Kendall Square and news on our very own Dudley Cafe in Roxbury! #localbiz, Eater Boston said some pretty nice things about the 3rd location of our sister restaurants Shanti Dorchester and Shanti at Roslindale. We're excited to see them open this fall in Kendall Square!, The sculpture outside the cafe is growing! It even lights up at night.
#sculptureupdate #supertall, Lights are up! Things are looking bright in the cafe!
#constructionupdate #wecanseethelight #shinebrightlikeadiamond, Looking for a way to cool off? This Mango Lassi has your name written all over it. Stop by our sister restaurants Shanti Dorchester and Shanti at Roslindale! #beattheheat, We can only imagine how hot Nashoba Brook Bakery's ovens get! The sure key to a super crispy exterior. #concord #bakerytour #tbt, Happy 4th of July! The test Dudley Cafe test ktichen is in full force! Here's our simple Bean Salad. A great accompaniment to our sandwiches and rice bowls.
#DudleyCafe #4thofjuly, Couches and armchairs arrived! We can't wait to sit back and relax with a cup of java on these plush sofas and chairs. We have a feeling that you'll feel the same way when we're open., We can only imagine how hot Nashoba Brook Bakery's ovens get! The sure key to a super crispy exterior., Didn't get one of these lovely mugs over at the Boston Public Schools vendor fair this week? Don't fret! We'll have more soon and will be selling them once we open!, We're still thinking about these delicious macaroons that head baker Betsy made for the Boston Public Schools vendor fair yesterday! Thanks to Dudley Square Main Streets for hosting!, That's a wrap on the Boston Public Schools Vendor Fair hosted by Dudley Square Main Streets! We had such a great time meeting everyone! #Roxbury #dudleycafe, We had an awesome time visiting the folks over Nashoba Brook Bakery this week! Hundreds of loaves were baking away. #dudleyeats #tourtime #sandwichmaterial, Trist from City Growers knows how to celebrate #NationalEatYourVeggiesDay! Look out for their produce in our baked and prepared goods next month!, Up for debate! Share your thoughts below. Yay or Nay on using the phrase "Chai Tea"? #tealovers, #Sculpture installation is beginning outside the cafe! It’ll be 40+ feet when complete. Can you guess what it’ll be?, We did some tea tastin' for Dudley Cafe at MEM Tea Imports on Monday! Look at all of those beautiful colors! #teatasting #getyourzenon #IcedTeaDay, #ConstructionProgress: We’re inching closer to the finish line! Clearing up the cafe space and bathrooms are nearly finished., Nutella & vanilla cupcakes. These beauties by our head baker Betsy will be stocked just for our #nutella lovers when we open next month. #DudleyCafeJuly2015, Dudley Cafe is featured in yesterday's The Boston Globe with other local businesses on our recently approved liquor license! A quote from our co-owner Solmon: “No one else is offering anything like this in Dudley Square, so that after work people can grab a glass of wine,’’ Solmon Chowdhury (pictured with wife and co-owner Rokeya Chowdhury) said. “Dudley Square needs it.”, We had a blast visiting City Growers this morning in #Dorchester! Our cafe manager Biplaw is seen rocking those scallions and chives flanked by #CityGrowers reps Trist and Bobby. #weloveveggies  #getyourgreens #urbanfarming #summerhasarrived #dudleycafe, We're featured in Bay State Banner! "New eats for Dudley streets" Check out the write up: ow.ly/Nco7t #dudleycafe #newventure, Check our write up in Eater Boston and spread the small business love! #localbusinessesrock #DudleyCafe, The doors to our new concept, Dudley Café will open late Summer 2015! Right next to the Dudley Square Bus Station Hub in #Roxbury. #DudleyCafe, null, Are you looking to work for a company that believes in sustainability and good business practice? Come be a part of the team where we focus on growth and advancement. Hiring all positions. Go to our website for more information., null)