List(#Summer is almost here! So get ready to celebrate the season with the #1 Summer Seasonal Craft Beer! Samuel Adams Beer #SamSummer, Happy #InternationalWomensDay! Who has a hard-working woman in their life deserving of some extra admiration today?, You are what you eat.. Mindful choices today, for a better tomorrow #eatforlife, null, null, Are you ready for a weekend of epic proportions? Valentine's weekend with us will make you into a professional Cupid!, null, Our furry little friend did NOT see his shadow!! This means warm weather to come! As New Englanders, we should all take a moment to appreciate this.

Don't forget to check your emails tomorrow to see if you won a delicious prize!, You have until midnight tonight to get your votes in!! 500 free dinners... this ain't no joke! #GHD2016 https://fireice.typeform.com/to/OH286n, Be like Phil! Cast your votes here: https://fireice.typeform.com/to/OH286n, Voting is officially live. Which side will you choose? Vote now, because 500 FREE dinners are on the line. Unlike your chances with the last Powerball, you may actually have a shot at winning this one..., Voting is near....

...and 500 free dinners are on the line. Are you ready??, Brace yourselves: 500 free dinners are on the line. #GroundhogDay2016, New Year's Eve is finally upon us!! Stay safe tonight everyone, and thanks for another awesome, FiCE-y year! See ya never, 2015!! #HappyNewYear!!!, Even Santa likes to mix things up... 

Merry Christmas everyone!! Have a safe and happy holiday with your loved ones!, Pop quiz!! Who knows why there's a string attached to the animal crackers boxes? #HolidayTrivia, Look at all that BACON! Who can guess how many pounds of bacon we're grilling up this morning?? How much in a week? Give us your best guess!! #baconlife #TGIF, null, null, Too stuffed from all that turkey and don’t want to leave your couch to go shopping? We have just what ya need! Click on our link to get one of our gift cards! Buy $100, get $25. Buy $50, get $10!  #ProblemSolved #blackfriday http://ow.ly/UYCN5, Happy #Thanksgiving!! We are thankful for our guests, employees and everyone else that keeps our company fun and delicious! What are you most thankful for?  #turkeyday #andthankfulforfood, Week of #BlackFriday is here! Don’t let the season of giving stress you out. We’re here to help! Click the link below to buy a #giftcard for $100, and get $25. Or buy $50, get $10. Gift giving just got a whole lot simpler.
https://www.fire-ice.com/buy-gift-cards/, In light of the tragedies that have occurred in Paris, we are reminded of strength in compassion, love, and kindness. Our thoughts and prayers are with Paris and everyone affected by the attacks. #PrayForParis, Pick a side. Do you need a more festive cup? Or do you prefer your cup a bright, solid red?

Comment and share with us your feelings on the controversy!! #itsjustacup, We know the holidays can be stressful....but remember, #ItsJustACup!, null, null, Thank you to all of our veterans out there!! Share with us stories and photos about your favorite veterans, who are you honored to be honoring today??

Happy Veterans Day!

https://www.fire-ice.com/news/salute-heroes/, This Wednesday, we're saluting our heroes! Thank you to all veterans and active military personnel--have a meal on us!

https://www.fire-ice.com/news/salute-heroes/, null, Everyone's favorite season is officially here! Happy Fall Equinox everybody, how will you be spending your perfect 12 hours of daylight today?? #SweaterWeather #FirstDayofFall #PieSeason, Throwback Thursday!! Who remembers our exciting Create-an-ad-contest?! Seems like just yesterday.... These guys nailed it! http://youtu.be/ydDVIBr3Pp4 #tbt, Fresh-out-of-the-oven roasted garlic for our market and our sauces! Can you guess how many pounds of garlic we roast up a week??, Happy 4th to all!!! We wish everyone a fun, delicious, and safe #IndependenceDay! What's on your grill today?!? We have a few ideas for our grill..., Happy Father's Day to all the great dads out there!, It don’t mean a thing if it ain’t got that swing!” Come take West Coast Swing lessons on Wednesdays at FiCE Cambridge!, null, A mother's work is never done! Let's give all the moms a break this Mother's Day with the tastiest #brunch in town at FiRE+iCE! Make your mom a reservation today!! 
https://www.fire-ice.com/online-reservations/, Want to save a bunch of money going out to eat? As a FiRE+iCE rewards member, your kids can eat free all week! Not a rewards member? Simply sign up at http://alturl.com/9htvz!, Picky eaters? No problem! Feed the whole fam during #KidsEatFREE Week!! http://goo.gl/5sUOTR #FeedYourFUN #Boston #Providence #Cambridge, Looking for somewhere to bring the kids over April Vacation that won’t break the bank? Look no further! FiRE+iCE is bringing back Kid’s Eat FREE Week from 4/20-4/26!! Just join our rewards club, and FEED YOUR FUN!

https://www.fire-ice.com/news/kids-eat-free-week/, null, April 1st obviously only means one thing to us: PRANKS! Share with us the greatest April Fools pranks you've ever been a part of--whether you were the pranker or the prankee, we wanna hear it! #mischiefmanaged #AprilFoolsDay, Look what you guys made! Looks delicious :) Thanks to all who participated and congrats to all the winners. Stay tuned for our next game of What's In My Bowl!, Congrats Michael and all the free dinner winners! Looks like Alfredo sauce is the top choice today!, Congrats Melissa and thanks for the shrimp suggestion! This is looking so good! Now for our final ingredient, what sauce should we mix in to make the perfect dish? First comment gets a FREE dinner!
-Alfredo
-Greenberg Teryaki
-Hoisen Ginger
-Fire Roasted Tomatillo Verde, Congrats Shea & Kelly on your free dinners! We've now added broccoli and baby corn (and just a couple mushrooms per Shea's request) to our delicious dish! Now it's time to pick our protein! First comment wins a free dinner :) 
-Ancho Lime Chicken
-Shrimp
-Tuscan Pork
-Salmon, Congrats on winning the first free dinner, Lauren! Bow tie pasta is an excellent choice! Now for round two, what TWO vegetables should we throw in? First TWO comments win a free dinner. 
-Banana Peppers
-Baby Corn
-Jalapenos
-Broccoli
-Mushrooms, It's back!! Be first to comment an ingredient for "What's in your Bowl" to win a FREE dinner at FiRE+iCE! Can't wait to see what masterpiece you guys create!
What would YOU add first?!

-Brown Rice
-Fettuccine
-Bow Tie Pasta, #FiREandiCEGrill #instafan of the day goes to @zumbapower! We hope you enjoyed Date Night, and congrats on your little one on the way! :), Shoutout to @kristineandthings our #instafan of the day! Thanks for sharing this awesome picture! #fireandicegrill #muchfood #muchfun, Thank you Alisa for choosing Sweet Chili sauce as our final ingredient in our delicious dinner!
Thank you to everyone who played, and congrats to all of the free dinner winners!! 

So much YUM!, Thank you Hugo and congrats!!  It's all coming together! 
Final round!!! Broccoli, Baby corn, Chicken, and Egg noodles go perfectly with which sauce?

-Sweet Chili
-Hoisin Ginger
-Greenberg's Teriyaki
-Yakitori
-Golden Honey Garlic, Congrats Michael and Kayla for being free dinner winners!!! We now have egg noodles, broccoli, and baby corn, proteins are next!

Be the first to comment your favorite!
-Tilapia
-Chicken
-Shaved steak
-Pulled Pork
-Swordfish, Congratulations Heather, and thanks for choosing Egg Noodles as our first ingredient!
Next round we pick the first TWO vegetables, one per comment! 

Which veggies should be in our bowl?!
-Broccoli
-Mushrooms
-Snap peas
-Baby corn
-Green peppers
-Water Chestnuts, It's back!! Be first to comment an ingredient for "What's in your Bowl" to win a FREE dinner at FiRE+iCE! Can't wait to see what masterpiece you guys create!

What would YOU add first?!
-Fried rice
-Egg noodles
-Penne pasta
-Rice noodles
-Mini shells
-Brown rice, REAL TALK! Does “the chair”, mark the Spot? We want to know… how do you feel about furniture marking that prime, freshly shoveled piece of asphalt? Let the debate begin!, null, null, We think the way to anyone’s heart is through their stomach! #FeedTheLove by booking your Valentine's Day reservation today!, null, null, We all saw the amazing Super Bowl win on Sunday...now who's out celebrating with the Pats at the parade today?! Come stop in after and warm up with us at our grill! #doyourjob #PatsNation, The results are in!!!! Check to see if you have won!!!!
https://www.facebook.com/notes/fire-ice-harvard-square/groundhog-day-2015-winners/927952673890868, Groundhog Day 2015 Winners!!!!!, Punxsutawney Phil sees his shadow!!! 

On to six more weeks of winter!! (The snow definitely got the memo).

Stay tuned as we will announce our winners tomorrow!!, Tonight is your last chance to enter! Don't miss your chance at a FREE DINNER!! 

Vote now! https://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog15/

P.S. Go Pats!!, The Superbowl is near…and so is our chili! We’ll be cooking all day at Harvard 
Square’s Some Like it Hot Chili Cook-off to give the people of Cambridge the best 
chili they could imagine! Come see for yourself 😁, Some may like it hot…but we like it perfect. Our chili that is! We'll be whipping up our 
best batches of chili yet, so come on down to Harvard Square’s "Some Like it Hot" chili cook-off, have 
some slow cooked goodness, and don’t forget to vote for us at the end of the day! See 
you tomorrow!, Who wants a FREE DINNER????

Put down the shovels and cast your vote now!!! https://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog15/, It is that time of year again!! 
GROUNDHOG PREDICTION TIME!!!

Cast your vote by clicking the link and you could win one of 500 FREE DINNERS!!! https://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog15/, It is that time of year again!! 
GROUNDHOG PREDICTION TIME!!!

Cast your vote by clicking the link and you could win one of 500 FREE DINNERS!!! https://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog15/, It is that time of year again!! 
GROUNDHOG PREDICTION TIME!!!

Cast your vote by clicking the link and you could win one of 500 FREE DINNERS!!! https://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog15/, The New Year is upon us!! How are you celebrating?

http://www.opentable.com/fire-and-ice-reservations-cambridge?rid=49972&restref=49972, Even after Thanksgiving, Santa is still looking good!!

https://www.fire-ice.com/news/impression-holidays/, Happy Holidays!!

https://www.fire-ice.com/gift-cards/, Tis the season for giving the best gift ever! a FiRE+iCE Gift Card of course!, null, Thank you veterans, active and reserve military and your loving & supportive families!! On this Veteran's Day we recognize and thank you for all that you have done and continue to do! Our gratitude is endless. We hope that you join us today for meal on us! #VeteransDay, Happy 239th Birthday Marine Corps! We thank you for all that you have done and all that you continue to do for our country!!

Celebrate with us tomorrow for our Veteran's Day Special Offer!!
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/veterans-day-2014/, This Veteran's Day, we would like to show our appreciation for all of our heroes!!, null, Thank You Veterans!

https://www.fire-ice.com/news/veterans-day-2014/, Celebrating the 50th Annual Head of the Charles this weekend??

We are too!! Join us Saturday and Sunday for a FREE Treat on Us!!

Check out our Weekend Special:
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/head-charles-weekend-special/, null, 9/13/14
Tag to Win!!

Once you have tagged yourself, send your full name and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com to redeem your free dinner!!, Attention students!! We are live at Fenway park at CollegeFest!!! Come pay our booth a visit for fun games, freebies, and FREE DINNERS!, Who is going to CollegeFest at FENWAY Tomorrow?!?

We will be their playing our signature Spatula Flip Cup, have you brushed up on your skills? Prizes include: cups, sunglasses, key chains, high fives and FREE DINNERS!!!, Back to School,
Back to School,
Where microwaves rule,
Homework ruins your cool,
Ramen is a way of life,
You probably don't even own a knife,
Time to kick up a little spice!
Join us at FiRE+iCE!!

This week we are celebrating all things COLLEGE!! Friday Night we are going to Wentworth Institute of Technology for the Colleges of the Fenway Block Party! 

And Saturday we will be at CollegeFest AT FENWAY!!! We are so excited! Are you going??, null, null, We know many of you were wondering what came of our #icebucketchallenge? 

We are proud to announce that 83 of our brave employees dumped ice over their heads! That is $830 donated to www.alsa.org and Team FrateTrain :)

A big thanks to our brave and generous staff!! We couldn't be more proud!  #strikeoutALS, null, FiRE+iCE HARVARD SQUARE TEAM ACCEPTED THE #STRIKEOUTALS ICE BUCKET CHALLENGE. WE CHALLENGE #FIREICEBOSTON STAFF, MANAGERS AND OWNER.YOU HAVE 24HOURS TO COMPLETE THE CHALLENGE., Tell us!! 
What’s been your favorite thing you did so far this summer?! 

Ours has been the #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinners!!

So, we want to know: 
What is the funnest, most outrageous, adventurous, wacky, crazy, thing you have done??, It's National Piña Colada Day…and Thirsty Thursday….do the math :)

See you at Happy Hour! #NationalPiñaColadaDay, And Argentina comes out on top 4-2 in penalty kicks! What a Game!!
Congrats to our #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner
Sara Rodriguez
To redeem your #WorldCupFreeDinner please send us your full name and mailing info to marketing@fire-ice.com. Happy Hump Day!, The time has come again! Pick the final score & team for the Netherlands VS. Argentina game to win your FREE meal! Let us know before the game starts! #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner, Who’s ready for the Brazil vs. Germany game?! Think you know who’s gonna win?! Let us know what you think the final score will be before the game starts and you could earn yourself a free meal! #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner, Yeah Brazil!!!!!!! Congrats to all those who guessed 2-1 Brazil!! 
Being a #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner always makes Monday better!
Lauren Minchella
Maria Nikolaos
Mark Allen Thibodeau
Henrique Alves
Kristina Ford Stoddard
Mark Frazier
Lora LK
Danielle Winkler
To redeem your #WorldCupFreeDinner please send us your full name and mailing info to marketing@fire-ice.com. We hope you all had a happy 4th!!, Who’s ready for the Brazil vs. Colombia game?! WE SURE ARE! Let us know your prediction of the final score of the game before the first whistle blows for your chance to score a FREE meal! #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner

**Everyones getting a chance to vote early in case you have plans for the holiday tomorrow  Voting will close when the first whistle blows and winners will be announced Monday! Enjoy the weekend! Happy 4th of July!, Wow Belgium!!! 
Congrats to all those who guessed 2-1 Belgium!! 

Charles Francis

You are #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinners!
To redeem your #WorldCupFreeDinner please send us your full name and mailing info to marketing@fire-ice.com. Have a great day everybody!!, We believe! We believe! We believe we can win! Who do YOU think will win? Let us know your prediction of the final score of the game before the whistle blows for your chance to score a FREE meal!!! #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner, Who is ready for the Brazil vs Mexico game?! Let us know your prediction of the final score of today's game before the first whistle blows for your chance to score a FREE meal! #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner, USAAAAA!!! Three Cheers for an awesome battle by our hometown players!!! The winners will be listed below. Please email your info to marketing@fire-ice.com! Gooooooal!!! :)

David Belodoff
Mohammed AMine El Mandrii
Paige Larrabee
Sarah Olia 
George Karl Jr
Justin Senter

Congrats!!!, U-S-A! U-S-A!!  What do you all think the final score will be during today’s exciting match-up between our home team and Ghana?! Let us know before the first whistle blows for a chance to be a #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner!! It’s been an unpredictable #WorldCup so far… Good luck!!, Here’s to the dads that have injured themselves giving piggy-back rides; to the dads that kill the scary bugs; to the dads that sneak us extra treats when they’re the ones in charge; to the dads who live for the fun times; and to the dads that love us no matter how much attitude we give!

-Love, Us Kids everywhere, big and small! 
HAPPY FATHER'S DAY TO ALL THE DADS OUT THERE!, Spain or the Netherlands?? 
Let us know what you think the final score of the game will be and you could be a #WorldCupFreeDinnerWinner! What do you think? Tell us before the start of the game! 

#WorldCup, Parabéns Brazil!! 
Brazil beat Croatia 3-1! Another congratulations goes out to our voters who won a FREE MEAL for correctly predicting the score of the game! 

To the winners listed below, please send your full name and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com to receive your free meal certificate:

Janice T. Folk
Gerffeson Entringer
Andrew Johnson
Diana Brazil
Annette Rubin

Congrats Winners! #WorldCup, Parabéns Brazil!! 
Brazil beat Croatia 3-1! Another congratulations goes out to our voters who won a FREE MEAL for correctly predicting the score of the game! :)

To the winners listed below, please send your full name and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com to receive your free meal certificate:

Janice T. Folk
Gerffeson Entringer
Andrew Johnson
Diana Brazil
Annette Rubin

Congrats Winners! #WorldCup, GOOOOOOOOOOOAL!! Make a prediction to win a FREE meal! Let us know what you think the final score will be of today’s match-up before the first whistle blows!!, Today is National Server and Bartender Day!! 

On this day (and every day) we recognize our awesome staff and thank them for all they do! You guys rock!!, Let mom kick back and relax! Come join us for brunch on Mother's Day!!!, Tomorrow is the last day to celebrate Kids Eat FREE Week! Enjoy the last day of vacation with us!! Happy Sunday!, As April vacation wraps up, what are your weekend plans??

Be sure to bring the kids in for some free food!! 
Kids Eat FREE Week extends until Monday!!!!, It's our favorite week of the year! It's vacation and KIDS EAT FREE WEEK!!

[All kids 12 and under can eat for free from 4/22-4-28. Limit two children per paying adult.], No need to tug…we’ve got plenty more eggs in our basket, and we’re sharing!!

Don’t worry, there’s enough to go around at our Easter Brunch!!, null, Happy Make a Friend Day!!! Tell us the funniest way you've ever made a friend.  We want to hear them all… the cheesy, the embarrassing, the once-in-a-lifetime stories!, The snow may be coming down hard, but our grill is warming up fast! If you are in the area, come warm up and fill up with us!!

Stay safe and warm everyone!, null, The time has come!!! The winners have been selected!!

Are you one of 500 FREE-Dinner-Winners?!? Click the link below to see if you've won!

https://www.facebook.com/notes/fire-ice-harvard-square/groundhog-day-2014-winners/732347160118088, Groundhog Day 2014 Winners!!, null, Phil saw his shadow, now time to tally the winners!! Did you vote yes? Check in tomorrow to see if you are a FREE-Dinner-WINNER!!, Oh no! Our furry little friend saw his shadow!! No need to dread a longer winter!  Skiing…snowboarding… tubing…SNOW DAYS! What are you looking forward to doing for the rest of the wintery weather?!, Six more weeks of winter! Six….more weeks…..ugh, really?! Unfortunately our little friend saw his shadow this morning, which means more winter weeks ahead of us. Yuck. BUT…. that’s fabulous news for the people who voted yes! Check back tomorrow to see if you are 1 in 500 winners!, Forecast is looking pretty cloudy tomorrow…. Looks like our furry friend might not see his shadow!? 

Have you cast your votes yet? Polls are open until midnight! Don’t miss out on a chance to win a FREE meal! 
http://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog14/, Last day to vote is tomorrow!! Let us know if you think the furry guy will see his shadow—there could be a FREE Dinner in store for you! http://alturl.com/sxx3f, Punxsutawney Phil wants to know if you have voted yet, so...have you?? We are giving away 500 FREE Dinners! 

Vote now! http://fire-ice.com/groundhog14/, Who else loves free food like this little guy?? Vote now for a chance to win one of 500 FREE Dinners!!

Winners will be announced when the groundhog stops chowing down and starts looking for his shadow!

Vote here: https://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog14/, Here's your masterpiece!!! Time to dig in!!


Congrats to Jennifer Jean Pour Jubinville, Tara Mclauchlan, Ryan Moschella, Catherine Coughlin ...on winning a free meal!! Please send your full name and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com to redeem your free meal!!, What would you add next!?
-Golden Honey Garlic 
-Chanburi Sweet Chili
-Hoisin ginger
-Yakitori 
-Greenbergs Teriyaki, What would you add next!?
-Chicken Wings
-Eggs
-Kilbesa
-Steak
-Ancho Lime chicken, What would you add next!?
-Mushrooms
-Onions
-Green peas 
-Green beans 
-Zucchini, What would you add next!?
-Peppers
-Onions
-Baby Corn 
-Green Peas 
-Water Chestnuts, What would you add?! 
     -Fried Rice
     -Bowties
     -Penne 
     -White Rice 
     -Potatoes, This groundhog is looking pretty comfy in the spring weather...do you think we are in for an early spring or six more weeks of winter??

Vote now and you could be a FREE-Dinner-Winner!!
http://alturl.com/6fnpm, Have you voted???

http://alturl.com/6fnpm, Who wants to win a free dinner?, Are you feeling lucky?? We are giving away 500 FREE Dinners this Groundhogs Day!

Want to play? You decide if the Groundhog will see is shadow or not and cast your vote! On February 2nd we will all wait and watch to see what the Groundhog sees. If you guess correctly, you could be one of 500 winners!! Winners will be announced on February 3rd!! 

Cast your vote now! https://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog14/, Cast Your Vote Now!!
https://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog14/, Hooray it's a snow day!!!...Now what? 
Brave enough to face the snow? Dig out and get out!! The roads are clear, the T is open and so are we! Warm up around the grill with all your delicious lunch favorites!, Stuck in the city? 

Don't brave the roads during rush hour! Enjoy the warmth of the grill and a delicious dinner before heading home. We will even sweeten the deal with FREE ice cream and coffee to keep you pepped for the ride home!!

https://www.fire-ice.com/2014/01/21/no-snow/, null, Hooray!! We survived the storm! The snow has stopped, the roads are plowed, the T is running, the sun is shining and WE ARE OPEN!! 

Brave the cold and join us for warm food while you warm up around the grill :) !!, null, Happy New Year!! Gear up and recover from last night with BRUNCH until 3pm today! What better way to kick off this new year?!, We have the perfect remedy for tomorrow after all your late-night celebrations!!! We are having BRUNCH tomorrow from 10:00 am – 3:00 pm so even our late-night rock stars can recover in style!!!! 
Wishing everyone a happy and safe New Year!!, Kids Eat FREE Week is in full swing!! Have you and your family visited us yet??

https://www.fire-ice.com/news/kids-eat-free-week-boston-cambridge-providence/, Kids Eat FREE Week is Back!! We know your wallets may be a little lighter after the holidays, so come continue the festivities with us stress-free!! 

For more info, check out: https://www.fire-ice.com/news/kids-eat-free-week-boston-cambridge-providence/, null, Did you forget someone? Order a FiRE+iCE gift card and we’ll be sure to get it to you just in time for the holiday season! It’s okay, your secrets safe with us ;) 
https://www.fire-ice.com/products-page/gift-cards/gift-card-product/, What’s the craziest way you’ve ever celebrated the holidays?! We’re ho-ho-hoping you’ll share some of your favorite memories, and maybe you’ll get a holiday treat in return! #TisTheSeason, Today is Ice Cream Day, make us scream for ice cream!!! Tell us some of your favorite toppings and 6 lucky winners will get to satisfy their cravings at our ice cream bar!!!!!, WTF!! ...Where's the fun?! ;)

http://youtu.be/AgeLWjNs5jM

Buy your gift cards now and receive freebies!!, Hope you have your hats, mittens and scarfs ready for tonight’s 72nd Annual Tree Lighting in the Boston Common from 6-8pm. 


See you all there!!!!!, Uh oh today is Santa’s List Day. Have you been naughty or nice? Or perhaps misunderstood ;)

….Don‘t forget about your own lists! Buy a $60 gift card and get $10! Buy $100 and get $25!, Szia! 

#WorldHelloDay, Merhaba!

#WorldHelloDay, Salve!

#WorldHelloDay, Bonjour!

#WorldHelloDay, Hola!

#WorldHelloDay, Hello Everyone!

#WorldHelloDay, Calling all Spartans!! Just one more day until you take on the Spartan Race at Fenway! What will you be eating in order to fuel up for tomorrow's events??, Hello Instagramers!!! We officially have the yummiest Instagram page! Follow us and share your fun... free dinner giveaways each day! #Fireandicegrill, Tis the season for giving the best gift ever! a FiRE+iCE Gift Card of course!

https://www.fire-ice.com/products-page/gift-cards/gift-card-product/, This Veterans Memorial in Arizona has a special message that can only be seen on Veterans Day each year at 11:11am,  when the sun hits it at just the right angle! Awesome tribute!

Happy Veterans Day to all who have and continue to keep this country safe!!, Happy Veterans Day!!
We love supporting our troops, and we can’t thank you Veterans enough for the courage and service you have provided for our country. Today, let us treat you to a meal on us!

We will be serving all Veterans, Active Military Personnel and their families who possess a Military ID, V.A. ID Card, DD214, or VetReward Card. (Must present form of Military ID to receive this offer.)

For more information, please visit:
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/salute-veterans/, The gratitude and love we have for our troops here at FiRE+iCE is endless…that’s why Today and Tomorrow, we’d like to treat our heroes to a delicious meal on us!

We will be serving all Veterans, Active Military Personnel and their families who possess a Military ID, V.A. ID Card, DD214, or VetReward Card. (Must present form of Military ID to receive this offer.)

For more information, please visit: 
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/salute-veterans/, Veterans Day means a lot to us! Who are you honoring this Veterans Day? Bring in your hero tomorrow or Monday for a free meal on us!! 

We will be serving all Veterans, Active Military Personnel and their families who possess a Military ID, V.A. ID Card, DD214, or VetReward Card. (Must present form of Military ID to receive this offer.)

For more information, please visit: 
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/salute-veterans/, We want to heat things up this Friday…literally!  For Cook Something Bold Day we want to hear about your craziest creations in the kitchen. Ready... go…..!!!, What does Veterans Day mean to you?, Veterans and Military Service Members we Salute YOU!! 

We would like to honor your hard work, bravery and sacrifice this Veterans Day Weekend with a meal on us! On November 10th and 11th, it would be our pleasure to serve you!

We will be serving all Veterans, Active Military Personnel and their families who possess a Military ID, V.A. ID Card, DD214, or VetReward Card. 

For more information, please visit: 
https://www.fire-ice.com/news/salute-veterans/, null, Turn your clocks back, The Duck Boats are on the move!! There's nothing like a city wide party on this gorgeous Saturday! Where are you watching the parade?? 

#BloodSweatandBeards #champions, null, Who is going to the Boston Red Sox Parade tomorrow?!?

Fuel up on great food and ice cold beers with us!!
#BloodSweatandBeards #WS2013 #Champions #BostonStrong, We are still on that World Series high and can't wait for the Duck Boat Parade!! #BloodSweatandBeards #WS2013

In the mean time.... Happy Halloween!!!, That’s what we like to see, Red Sox!!! Have an awesome and safe night of celebrating!!! WORLD SERIES CHAMPS 2013!!! #BloodSweatAndBeards, BOSTON!!! T-minus less than 3 hours until first pitch!! Come by, grab a beer, and cheer on the sox with us!!! ☺ #BloodSweatAndBeards #WS2013, Freidns, gesus waht  nhgit ti si! Celloge Nghit! Wtih yuor stdunet ID, dnneirs olny $9.99!!, In the mood for Latin food tonight? How ‘bout Italian? Maybe seafood is more up your alley? Good news: Have all three in one sitting! Enjoy some fish tacos while sipping on a margarita, or try creating your own pizza! What are you craving most right now??, Potatoes are one of the most versatile and nutritious vegetables in the world. The Incans have many uses for potatoes, such as treating facial blemishes by washing your face daily with cool potato juice?!! 

Instead of washing your face with potato juice, spruce up your meal with some potatoes!! Have ‘em fried, mashed, smashed, baked, roasted and especially GRILLED!!

Like in our BBQ Pork Rib Smorgasbord!!, Hey Selena Gomez fans!! For each ticket sold tonight, Selena will be donating $1  to The One Fund Boston, in order to assist those affected by the Boston Marathon Bombing that happened last spring... Talk about giving back!

Fuel up with us before the show!!, Selena Gomez will be performing with Emblem3 at the Garden tonight at 7! Be sure to feed your fun and explore delicious before the show! :), Do you love free stuff?? We love giving it out!! 
We are hanging out all day at CollegeFest playing prize pong! Free dinners, t-shirts, sunglasses and more!!

Stop by our booth and hang out with us!!

CollegeFest @ the Hynes Convention Center, Boylston St., Did you know the longest pizza delivery was a journey over 10,000 miles from England to Australia? How far are you willing to travel for some FiRE + iCE grilled pizza?, October is National Pizza Month, can you guess what the most popular pizza topping is?!, Hello!?!? It’s #$%&*@# College Night…again! C’mon, don’t be that kid this week, feed your fun and explore delicious, with your student ID it's only $9.99!!!, Today is National Do Something Nice Day! Tell us the most over the top nice thing you have done for someone.

Ps. In the spirit of things, we are feeling pretty generous ourselves. Who knows your next dinner to Fire and Ice might just be on us :), Mushrooms are one of the richest, natural sources of selenium, an essential mineral which strengthens the immune system. What meals do you “POWER UP” by including Mushrooms?, Happy October!!

It is National Breast Cancer Awareness Month! 
This month we would like to honor all those courageous women and men fighting and help to find a cure! 

Help us to contribute with the purchase of a FiRE+iCE Pink Ribbon T-shirt. All proceeds will be donated to the American Cancer Society Making Strides Foundation. 

Join the fight here! www.fire-ice.com/join_the_fight/, null, Did you know spinach is ranked high compared to other vegetables having many health benefits and nutrients? It’s no wonder Popeye was able to charm Olive!, We love greens!! What’s your favorite green vegetable?!!, Happy World Vegetarian Day 2013!, You got a taste for our Chef Challenge last week, and we know you are craving more!! Check out this week's Challengers put their sizzling skills to the test as their plates were stacked higher and higher with mouthwatering deliciousness!

Wanna challenge a Chef in a FiRE+iCE showdown? Send us your info to marketing@fire-ice.com.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zyLGFgBj5o, In need of a Hump Day pick-me-up?
Pizza and beer is our go-to snack :)

What's your fave hump day treat??, Can you out grill our FiRE+iCE Chefs?! This guy thought he could..

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CoYqMletVo, null, We LOVE the New England Aquarium!! We will be hanging out there all night for the College Open House! Check out our table for free giveaways and games!! 

For more info, check out http://www.neaq.org/college, This warm weather makes us want to move!! Get out tonight and kick up the heat at Salsa Night! The dancing begins at 9:30! 18+ and just $12 to dance the night away!!, Wow do you guys know good food or what?!? These crazy creations have sure got us thinking about a new menu!! 
Just kidding...kind of...

The crazy creation winners are:
Chucky Sabella, Adam ‘Pernski’ Perna, Catherine Coughlin, Billy Addison, Ryan Moschella, Tara McLauchlan, Jessica Berube Mello, Michele Robbins, Charles Francis, Manjula Rana, Katie Boyer Casella
To redeem your free dinner certificate, please send your full name and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com.

Thank you to everyone for you wild and wacky ideas! Keep an eye out for more games and giveaways to come!, Anyone else feeling like this today?? Let's shake up this Tuesday!! 

What is the craziest dish you can think to make at FiRE+iCE?? 
Share with us and we will share 15 free dinners with you!! 

That's right, 15  FREE DINNERS for the 15 craziest dishes you can dream up at FiRE+iCE! Tell us your creations! (Limit one free dinner per person. Winners will be announced at 5pm)., null, Who wants all this free swag??? 

Who is chillin at Fenway tomorrow for College Day?!?
WE ARE!! 

Check out our booth and play games to win t-shirts, sunglasses and FREE DINNERS!!! See you tomorrow!, Want to kick up the heat in your weekend?? Join us every Friday for spicy Salsa Night!! Bring your dancing shoes! Every Friday for just $12 from 9:30pm - 2am! (Salsa Nights are an 18+ event)., Do you love free stuff??
We love free stuff and we love giving to you!! In the next month we will be giving away 1,000 FREE DINNERS, HUNDREDS of sunglasses, t-shirts and bottle openers!! Want FiRE+iCE swag??

Visit us at:
College Day @ Fenway- 9/7 11am-5pm
College Open House @ the New England Aquarium- 9/17
Colleges of the Fenway Block Party- 9/20
College Fest @ Hynes Convention Center- 10/12&10/13, Welcome Back COLLEGE Students!!
We love seeing the city alive again! What schools are you reppin this semester??, One of these bad-Larry's gets you a free meal on us!!!

Tell us, what would you do for one of these??, null, Feed your wild Best!!! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N76NM8CnRds, Food Fact of the Day:

Did you know?
Garlic is believed to ward off heart disease, cancer, colds, and the flu. The consumption of garlic lowers cholesterol levels and reduces the buildup of plaque in the arteries. And it tastes AMAZING in almost any Italian dish!!

What is your favorite garlic infused dish??, null, We all know the drink well...whether you have it red, white or sparkling, it is always delicious!! That's right, we are talking about Sangria!! Have you tried ours?

Now we have a question for you: 
Where did Sangria originate? 
Spain? Italy? Portugal? Tell us!, Monday got you down? 
Spice up your week with a homemade Fra Diavolo!! 

What would you add to this fiery dish??, Have you had GRILLED PIZZA at FiRE+iCE?!?

Check out how we do pizza!!

What kind of pizza are you dreaming to make??

http://youtu.be/8AgrOft-2L4, Which is the ultimate Italian Sauce??

Pick your favorite homemade Italian Flavor:

Marinara?
Alfredo?
Pesto Cream?
Fra Diavolo?
Pink Sauce?

Vote Now!! 
https://apps.facebook.com/opinionpolls/poll?pid=ACI4zrJd-G4, What is your favorite homemade Italian Flavor?!?, We are celebrating Italian Flavors all month long!!! Exploring flavor is all we do at FiRE+iCE and what better flavors than homemade Italian sauces and spices!! 

Pizzas, pastas, garlic bread, lasagna (Yep! grilled lasagna is bomb!!) and of course wine! Come in and Mangia!!, null, In the spirit of grill season, we NEED to know:
How do you do BBQ? Do you sauce it? Rub it? Season it? 
Or just plain grill it?

What are you're favorite sauces or rubs??, Wow! You guys sure know your ingredients!! Thank you all for participating! The correct answer for our Combination King dish is:

Tofu
Bok Choy
Baby Corn
Carrots
Red Cabbage
Water Chestnuts
Bamboo Shoots

The guesses have been tallied....The Combination Kings and Queens are: Susan McCann, Cassie Rose, David Gootenberg, Tara Flaherty and Tracy Terrell!! Winners, please send your full name and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com to redeem your FREE MEAL CERTIFICATE!!

Keep an eye out for more games and giveaways!!, Who will be today's Combination King?!? 
How well do you know the FiRE+iCE ingredients? Guess this dish correctly and you could win a FREE MEAL CERTIFICATE!! 

Be one of the first FIVE winners to guess this dish's ingredients correctly and win a FREE MEAL CERTIFICATE!!  Try to be as specific as possible, the 5 closest guesses will win!! Guessing is open until 5pm tonight!

Let the games begin!!, Brazilian Night 06-27-2013, Brazilian Night 06-20-2013, Which is your favorite summer brew??
Blue Moon with a fresh orange slice...
or
Sam Adams Summer Ale with a juicy lemon wedge?, Happy Friday!! There's nothing better than Summer BBQ's on the weekends! How about some sizzling Cajun Steak?? Paired with our signature FiRE iCE-T you can't go wrong!, Who is hungry for lunch??

This Pulled Pork Sub is sure to hit the spot!! Grilled pulled pork with our homemade Sweet Peach Bourbon BBQ sauce is finger lickin' good!!

What would you add?, Happy July!! This is one of our fav months! Summer cocktails, patriotic celebrations and cook-outs every weekend!! And of course we loveeee to grill!! 

Check out how we are celebrating this month! http://www.fire-ice.com/news/july-celebrating/, null, In honor of Asian Flavor Month coming to an end we want to test your Asian trivia knowledge. Guess correctly and you could win a FREE dinner certificate of a FREE FiRE+iCE T-shirt!

This "King of Fruits" is extremely popular in Thailand and is known for its overwhelming smell and many uses. What is it?, Have you tried a SUPER SAUCE?! Its an easy and awesome way to kick up the FLAVOR of any dish! Check out how to craft your own Super Sauce!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3z2h27KObI, How are you spending the FIRST DAY OF SUMMER?!!

How about unwinding with refreshing homemade Sangria? Yum!, FiRE BOWL??

or

iCE BOWL?? 

What are you drinkin' on this Thirsty Thursday?!, Happy Father's Day to all the wonderful dads out there!!, We know the key to any man's heart is through his stomach, so let's celebrate Father's Day with something we know he will love: FiRE+iCE Father's Day BRUNCH!! 

All the pancakes, crepes, omelets and grilled favorites will be served in honor of Dad this Sunday!, You are your own Master Chef at FiRE+iCE! What dish are you craving to chef up?, Brazilian Night 06-06-2013, Did you know??
It takes 12 honeybees to produce ONE tablespoon of honey.

That’s A LOT of work!! Especially for our sweet and savory Golden Honey Garlic sauce! 

Try it in our Honey Pucker Punch Super Sauce!

http://www.fire-ice.com/2013/06/07/super-sauces-kick-it-up-a-notch/, Have you whipped up a SUPER SAUCE yet??

These Bad-Larrys add heat, sizzle and FLAVOR to any dish. Mix your own and tell us what your fav is!


http://youtu.be/N3z2h27KObI, Brazilian Night 05-30-2013, Need a mid-week pick-me-up?!?
Sip on our Asian inspired Sour Pear! This sweet and sour treat is made with Grey Goose La Poire, Disarrono and homemade sour mix! Yumm!!, Super Sauces?........Yes, SUPER SAUCES!! 
This month we are celebrating the bold, zesty flavors of Asian cuisine. And what better way than to mix them to perfection in one of our Super Sauces!? Try our three Super Sauces and then make your own!! 

Which sauce will you try first?, In honor of Asian flavor month, we are celebrating Asian beer!! Which beer is your fav?, null, We are loving this summer weather!! It definitely calls for a light, refreshing beverage! Like our House or Strawberry Mojitos! Cool down with one this afternoon :), How are you spending this gorgeous day?!?
We hope its with a frosty drink in hand!! How 'bout a Lava Flow?, Brazilian Night 05-23-2013, Start your long weekend early!
Relax with a refreshing Blood Orange Margarita!
And maybe some nachos? Who knows!, What makes College Night even better??

Eating all you can for just $9.99!!!!

Join us this Monday for our College Night with a new low price!, Pinto Beans?

or

Black Beans?

Everyone has a favorite, what's yours?, Brazilian Night 05-09-13, Brazilian Night 05-02-13, Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms out there!!, You put a lime in what?? This month we are celebrating all there is to Latin Cuisine, especially zesty limes! Check out all the uses for limes that we found! 
http://www.fire-ice.com/2013/05/07/you-put-limes-in-what/
, What are you doing for mom this Mother's Day?, It’s Taco Tuesday!! 
Check out how to make your own tacos at F+i! 

What kind of tacos would you make??

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWBOfGJ-Sy4, Do you like your Latin food to be zesty, savory, spicy or tangy??, How do you do Latin? All month long we are celebrating Latin Cuisine!, What happens when you add our new MANGO GARLIC MOJO sauce to this bowl?!, NEW Homemade Sauces + NEW Ingredients = 
A Whole New FiRE+iCE Experience!

We are grilling up new FLAVORS FROM AROUND THE GLOBE! Start your journey here http://www.fire-ice.com/our-menu/  

Explore Delicious!, null, Brazilian Night 04-25-2013, We are so glad to see our city start to come back to life on this beautiful Earth Day!

Join us in a moment of silence at 2:50pm today in honor and remembrance of all those affected at the Boston Marathon, and to thank all the law enforcement who worked diligently to keep us safe. 

Boston Strong!, Thank goodness the chaos is over! We are now beginning the road to recovery, and our hearts go out to all those affected in this week's events. Thank you to all the first responders, military and law enforcement for your fast action and determination to keep us safe! We are forever grateful. 

Even the weather is getting nicer! We will be open all day today. We look forward to our city coming to life again!, Due to the ongoing investigations, we will be closed tonight and remain closed until further notice. Please check back here or at fire-ice.com for more updates. We would like to thank our diligent law enforcement for acting so quickly and keeping us safe., Brazilian Night 04-11-2013, Our thoughts are going out to everyone at the Boston Marathon Finish line, Cheering can be a tiring sport!! 

Support your runners while enjoying HALF-PRICED APPETIZERS in our bar!, Happy Marathon Monday/Patriots Day/Tax Day!!

Join us for Half-Priced Appetizers ALL DAY in our Bar!, Marathon Monday is tomorrow!! 

Will you be running, walking, cycling, cheering, or drinking??, Running in the Marathon? Load up on carbs tomorrow!

Brunch is served from 10am-3pm and all your dinner faves are served from 4pm-11pm!!, Marathon Monday is quickly approaching!! Where are you watching the festivities??

Join us for half-priced appetizers all day in our bar on Monday!, Brazilian Night 04-04-2013, We're now serving grilled pizzas Tuesdays - Thursdays.. You choose your toppings we grill it up to perfection!, Brazilian Night 03-28-2013, null, Brazilian Night 03-21-2013, Brazilian Night 03-14-2013, Brazilian Night 03-07-2013, Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!!

Join us for Brunch to recover and recharge for this green holiday!! We are serving GUINNESS STOUT CHOCOLATE PANCAKES until 3pm today!, Fuel up for the night with some of our Corned Beef & Cabbage!

OR

Join us tomorrow for St. Patrick's Day Brunch! Recover and refuel with our signature GUINNESS CHOCOLATE PANCAKES!!

We wish everyone a happy and safe St. Paddy's Eve!, null, The beer is COLD and the grill is HOT as we gear up for the weekend's festivities!
What is everyone doing on this fine St. Patty's Eve?, The Guinness Marinated Beef Tips smell AMAZING on the grill tonight!! What would you add to this deliciousness?, Everyone is a little Irish this weekend!... Even FiRE+iCE!
Join us all weekend for delicious Irish inspired specials and festive drinks!, Its almost 8! 
And it looks like we’ve gotten a little more snow! 
Now get $3 off your meal for the rest of the night!!

That’s right, thanks to good old Mother Nature you get to enjoy $3 off your dinner tonight!

Just mention this post and enjoy!, Just went back up on the roof again! 
It looks like the snow has slowed down… about .5 inches more.  We said for every inch that falls, so…lets round up!! Now come in and get $2 OFF your meal tonight!! 

Mention this post and enjoy $2 OFF your dinner!

We will check our ruler again at 8pm, so be sure to check back and see how much MORE snow has fallen!, ATTENTION!!
One inch of snow has fallen on the rooftop! 
Come in now to receive $1 off your meal! 
Just mention this post and enjoy!

We will check our ruler again at 6pm, so be sure to check back and see how much MORE snow has fallen!, We’ve finally found something useful for all this snow! 

We’re standing on the roof of FiRE+iCE to keep track of just how much snow falls on us. For every inch that falls, from now on, our dedicated customers will get a $1 off their meal tonight! What are you waiting for? Brave the storm and warm up with us at FiRE+iCE!

We will begin our calculations at 4pm! Check in at 4pm to see how many inches have fallen and how much money you will be saving on your delicious meal!, Brazilian Night 02-28-13, Its Pizza Tuesday!! Pick all the toppings and sauces you'd like for your own custom-made grilled pizza!! We are grilling pizzas all day!, null, Kids Eat FREE Week ends tonight! 
Come in to enjoy one last day of FREE family fun!! All children 12 and under will eat for free all day, limit 2 children per adult. AND we are grilling up brunch until 3pm! See you soon!, Brazilian Night 02-21-13, Kids Eat FREE Week is continuing through this Sunday!! 
Get the kids out of the house this week and in to FiRE+iCE for some FREE fun!! All children 12 and under will eat for free all week, limit two children per adult., It is Kids Eat Free Week and Pizza Night!! 
Bring the family to enjoy the endless array of pizza topping possibilities while enjoying all your favorites! 
All children 12 and under will eat for free all week! 
(Limit two kids per adult)., Hooray! Its KIDS EAT FREE Week!! 
Bring in the whole gang for great food an fun times. We have something for everyone! Even, the pickiest eaters will find something they love! 
(Limit 2 children per adult)., February vacation is in full swing, now what are you going to do?
Kids Eat FREE Week starts tomorrow!! All children 12 and under will eat for free all week! Get the family out of the house and in to FiRE+iCE! We have something for even the pickiest eaters!

(Limit two children per adult)., Brazilian Night 02-14-13, Valentine's day 2013, null, The grill is sizzling and the band is playing! 
Join us this afternoon for a Live Jazz & Blues band while you dine! They are playing all the greats all afternoon: Stevie Wonder, Smokey Robinson, Lionel Richie, the Temptations and more!!, We are jazzing up brunch tomorrow! Join us for pancakes, omelets, crepes AND a LIVE Jazz & Blues band!!  We will start serving all your favorites at 10am with the sounds of Stevie Wonder, Smokey Robinson, Lionel Richie, the Temptations and more!, Roses are red, Violets are blue. Join us this evening for a special dinner for two!! Happy Valentines Day! 

www.fire-ice.com/valentine13, There is less than 24 hours until our beloved Hallmark Holiday, are you ready? 
Don't let this Valentine's Day pass you by! Come celebrate with great friends and great food! And don't forget about our four-course dinner for two!!
Make your reservations today!! fire-ice.com/valentine13, Brazilian Night 02/07/13, Hey Everyone! We’re sure that you’re all hunkering down and getting ready for Winter Storm Nemo and so are we! We thought it best for the safety of our employees and all of you who were planning on coming in tonight to listen to the state's request and close for today... it's going to get pretty bad out there. However, we will be opening tomorrow as soon as the state of emergency is lifted... Stay Warm and Stay Safe!, Valentine's Day is quickly approaching!
What are your special plans??, null, The winners have been drawn for this year's Groundhog Contest!!

Thank you to everyone who participated!

https://www.facebook.com/notes/fire-ice-harvard-square/groundhog-day-2013-winners/545183298834476, Groundhog Day 2013 Winners, The Groundhog DID NOT see his shadow!! Early Spring here we come!!

Stay tuned as we tally the results!, Today is the last day...

...To cast your Groundhog vote for a chance to win one of 500 FREE DINNERS!!

Cast your vote by clicking the link below and check back tomorrow to see if you've won! Good luck!!

http://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog13/, Visit us tomorrow at the 5th Annual Some Like it Hot Chili Cook Off!!

We are hoping to win "Best Chili in Harvard Square"!!

Enjoy FREE chili from 1pm-2:30pm in Brattle Plaza!, Join us this Saturday for the 5th Annual Some Like it Hot Chili Cook Off!!

Enjoy FREE chili from 1pm-2:30pm in Brattle Plaza!!

Help us to be voted the "Best Chili in Harvard Square"!!, Take a stab at what you think this is..., The groundhog is getting camera ready! Have you voted?!

Click the link below to vote "shadow" or "no shadow" for a chance to win a FREE DINNER!

http://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog13/, Winter or Spring??

Tell us if you think the Groundhog will see his shadow or not!! Cast your vote by clicking the link for a chance to win a FREE DINNER!

http://fire-ice.com/groundhog13/, Did you vote yet??? 

Cast your vote today for a chance to win a FREE DINNER!! You decide if the Groundhog will see his shadow or not and tell us what your think!

http://fire-ice.com/groundhog13/, Take a stab at what you think this is..., "Are you talking about me??"

Vote now for a chance to win one of 500 FREE DINNERS!! Take a guess if the Groundhog will see his shadow this year!

Click the link to cast your vote!!

http://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog13/, 500 Free Dinners are on the line and the fate of the next six weeks of weather hangs in the balance! Take a guess at what the Groundhog will predict and get a shot to win one of 500 FREE DiNNERS!!! 

Click the link to cast your vote!
 
http://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog13/, Cast your vote now!! 
http://www.fire-ice.com/groundhog13/, Brazilian Night 01-17-2013, Brazilian Night 01-10-2013, Did you know Boston's famous "Citgo" sign in Kenmore Square contains five miles of neon tubing?!
 
Do you have any fun facts about our city?, Did you know that there are over 400 varieties of natural cheeses?!, First full work week of the New Year starting out rough? Spice it up with your week with PIZZA NIGHT Tonight!!

Snap a photo of your pizza creation and share it with us on Instagram!! Remember #fireandicegrill See you tonight! http://instagram.com/fireandicegrill/, Take a break from those stressful winter-session classes and join us at COLLEGE NIGHT Tonight!! As always, just $9.99 with your student ID!, Brazilian Night 01-03-13, HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE EVERYONE!! Thank you all for another great year!

We will be ringing in the New Year FiRE+iCE style tomorrow with BRUNCH grilled from 10am to 4pm!!

Happy Celebrating Everyone! We wish you a safe and happy New Year!!, null, Brazilian Night 12-27-12, How are you ringing in the New Year? Join us for great food with great friends for BRUNCH on New Years Day!! We will be grilling all your fresh favorites like pancakes, crepes, omelets, and so much more!, Keep the champagne flowing...right into your Mimosa!
Ring in the New Year surrounded by family, friends and food!! Enjoy brunch FiRE+iCE style New Years Day! The perfect start to your New Year! Join us from 10am to 4pm., Brazilian Night 12-20-12, What fits perfectly in a stocking? A FiRE+iCE gift card!!
Who are you giving one to?, Hate getting all tied up in ribbons and bows? FiRE+iCE gift cards are super small, so there’s no need to worry about all that wrapping. AND You’ll receive a free WRAPPED t-shirt when you buy $60 worth of gift cards! What are you waiting for? http://www.fire-ice.com/products-page/gift-cards/gift-card-product/, Pizza for Christmas?? Anything is possible with a FiRE+iCE gift card!! Pick one up tonight while you make all the pizzas you want at PIZZA NIGHT!!, FiRE+iCE is rolling out something new at the grill! Come in every Tuesday Night and try our grilled pizza! Pile on all the toppings you want!! See you tomorrow!, Brazilian Night 12-13-12, Got gifts? 
Let your friends and loved ones create their very own holiday meal with a FiRE+iCE gift card!! Every $60 gift card receives a FREE FiRE+iCE T-shirt!! 

http://www.fire-ice.com/products-page/gift-cards/gift-card-product/, Get a mediocre medium pizza for $17.99....
OR
get ALL THE PIZZA YOU CAN EAT for 16.99!!!!
That’s right it’s PIZZA NIGHT!!
Join us tonight to pile on the toppings!!, Brazilian night 12-06-12, Did you know...
Elephants are the only mammals that can't jump!

Happy Thursday!!, What kind of pizza are you going to make tonight??

Build any and every pizza you can think of tonight at PIZZA TUESDAY!! See you there!, How are you spending the holidays this season?? 
Vacations? Home?  With Family? Share with us!!!, Brazilian Night 11-29-12, If you could have anything this holiday season, what would it be?, Do you want a free T-shirt? Do your loved ones love food? We have the perfect present- a FiRE+ICE gift card! It’s the perfect way to show love for yourself too, because you’ll receive a FiRE+ICE t-shirt when you purchase a $60 gift card! 

: http://www.fire-ice.com/products-page/gift-cards/gift-card-product/, null, You know what today is right? PIZZA TUESDAY! Come on in and make your own delicious pizza pie on our grill! Build it how you want! Starting at 4 pm! See you there!, Brazilian Night 11-15-12, Your pizza is ready!! It looks and smells delicious! Thank you Katie Boyer Casella, Jennifer Motes, Mickey O'neill, Heather Franklin and Kim A Woodruff for creating such a mouthwatering masterpiece!! Please send your full name and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com and we will give the top pizza chefs a free meal certificate!!! Time to eat!, We are really excited! Your pizza is cooking on the grill!, All set picking your pizzas ingredients! Getting ready to put it on the grill! Stay tuned for your final product!, Love the sauce choice! Lets give your pizza that extra sizzle! Time to add a little spice! Which one would you choose?

Tiger Spice 
Yucatan Spice
Tograshi Spice
Creole Seasoning
Sicilian Seasoning, This bowl looks fantastic! But it’s not a pizza if there’s not any sauce right? Time to choose one! 

Fajita
Classic Pizza Sauce
Honey Garlic
Mesquite BBQ
Sweet Chili, Now we’re talking! Your bowl is looking great! Lets keep adding the toppings! Time for some meat! Help us choose one:

BACON
Chicken
Shaved Steak
Hamburg
Sausage, Your bowl is filled with the first veggie! But that is not enough! We want this pizza to fill you up! So pick out one more veggie from the list to put on top of your pizza!

Tomatoes
Peppers
Scallions
Mushrooms
Onions, Help! We want to make a pizza but we can’t decide what to make! We need to start with our first topping! 

Which one would you choose?
	Peppers
	Onions
	Broccoli
	Zucchini
	Tomatoes, Have you ever had pizza made on a grill?? Introducing PIZZA NIGHT every Tuesday Night!! In addition to the delicious combinations you make up on your own, we will be grilling pizzas just for you! You pick the toppings, you pick the sauce and you watch it grilled to perfection right in front of you!!, Veterans and active duty soldiers we want to celebrate your bravery, spirit, drive, loyalty, love and devotion! Join us to honor you!! All day TODAY we will be serving you for FREE!

We will be taking reservations all day! Give us a call at 617-547-9007!!, Thank you to all of our brave heroes who joined us yesterday! We are truly honored to be celebrating you! We would like to extend our celebration through today as well. Please join us again today to help us serve all those who serve for FREE!! 

We will be taking reservations all day! Give us a call at 617-547-9007!!, We want to extend a heartfelt thank you to our veterans for helping to protect us and those that can't protect themselves. Without your dedication and sacrifice, we could not live in the "land of the free"

PS... All Veterans Eat free today. Make sure to make a reservation before coming in., We want to extend a heartfelt thank you to our veterans for helping to protect us and those that can't protect themselves. Without your dedication and sacrifice, we could not live in the "land of the free"

PS... All Veterans Eat free today. Make sure to make a reservation before coming in ., Tell us about your favorite veteran or active duty soldier! In honor of Veterans Day we would like to serve all those who serve for FREE! Share your story today and join us tomorrow to celebrate our brave heros!, Brazilian Night  11-09-12, We are proud to serve those who serve! To celebrate Veteran’s Day we are giving all vets and active military personnel a FREE MEAL for lunch or dinner on November 11th. Just bring your military ID! Help us honor these brave men & women with great times and great food!!!, Veterans and active duty soldiers we want to celebrate and honor you!! All day on Veterans Day we will be serving you for FREE! Just show valid military ID, DD214 form, uniform or photo of you in uniform and eat for FREE!!, Veteran’s Day is a time to honor those who served our country. To show our thanks to America’s heroes we will be giving all vets a FREE MEAL on November 11th !! All active and veteran military personnel are invited to join us this Sunday!! Please show a valid military ID, uniform or DD214 form., Brazilian Night  11-01-12, We are proud to serve those who serve! To celebrate Veteran’s Day we are giving all vets and active military personnel a FREE MEAL for lunch or dinner on November 11th.  Just bring your military ID! Help us honor these brave men & women with great times and great food!!!, null, Brazilian Night 10-25-12, Wow we need to play these games more often!! Look at the delicious dish you made!! Thank you to Jennifer Motes, Katie Boyer Casella, Vicky Hu and Lori Agosto for building this sizzling dish and for being the first to post your ingredients!! Please send your full name  and mailing address to marketing@fire-ice.com and we will send you your FREE DINNER certificate!! Thank you everyone for playing with us!, Let's get saucy!! We have all our ingredients, NOW on to sauce! What would you add to Fried Rice, Scallions, Summer Squash and Bacon? Be the first to add your sauce and win a free dinner!!

Which sauce will you add?
Fajita Sauce
Mango Garlic Mojo Sauce
Szechwan Sauce
Marinara Sauce
Peach Bourbon BBQ, Let's pile it on even more!! We have our core ingredients, but we need more! What would you add to Fried Rice, Broccoli and Summer Squash? Be the first to add another ingredient and win a free dinner!!

Which of the following will you add?
Andouille Sausage
BACON!!
Cajun Chicken
Calamari
Shaved Sirloin, Let's fill it up more!! We have our base ingredients, but we need more! What would you add to Fried Rice and Scallions? Be the first to add another ingredient and win a free dinner!!

Which of the following will you add?
Mushrooms
Bamboo Shoots
Onions
Black Beans
Kidney Beans
Summer Squash, Let's fill it up!! We have our first ingredient! What would you add to Fried Rice? Be the first to add another ingredient and win a free dinner!!

Which of the following will you add?
Peppers
Broccoli
Scallions
Jalapenos
Bok Choy, Its time to play a game!! 
Help us fill your bowl! Be the first person to fill your bowl with ingredients and win a free dinner! 

Tell us: What would you add??

Starch: 
Potatoes
Egg Noodles
Rice Noodles
Penne Pasta
Fried Rice, Brazilian Night 10-18-12, Brazilian Night 10-11-12, Brazilian night 10-04-12, null, Brazilian Night 9-27-12, Brazilian Night 9-20-12, Brazilian Night 09-13-12, null, Brazilian Night 09-06-12, null, Brazilian Night 08-30-12, Brazilian Night 08-23-12, Brazilian Night 08-16-12, Brazilian Night 08-09-12, This Saturday at FiRE+iCE Harvard Square;, The Hottest Monday NiGHT Spot in Boston!, null, Brazilian night 07-26, null, null, null, $7 Summer Special., null, null, null, null, BRAZILIAN NIGHT 07-12-12, What will you sing this week?
Special Karaoke night This Monday with DJ Chris. Don't Miss It!
College Night 4pm-10pm (bring your student ID for a discount)
Karaoke night 9pm-1am, null, null, null, null, null, What will you sing this week?
Special Karaoke night This Monday with DJ Chris. Don't Miss It!
College Night 4pm-10pm (bring your student ID for a discount)
Karaoke night 9pm-1am, null, null, null, College night and Karaoke night Tomorrow at Fire+ice Harvard Square. What will you sing?, null, null, null, null, Has anyone ever made the Tex-Mex Fajitas?, What will you sing this week?
 Special Karaoke night This Monday with DJ Chris. Don't Miss It!
 College Night 4pm-10pm (bring your student ID for a discount)
 Karaoke night 9pm-1am, null, null, null, null, What will you sing this week?
Special Karaoke night This Monday with DJ Chris. Don't Miss It!
      College Night 4pm-10pm (bring your student ID for a discount)
                         Karaoke night 9pm-1am, null, Tonight at FiRE+iCE harvard Square; Live band and DJ for a  perfect and fun night., null, College night 4-10pm and Karaoke night 9-1am every Monday  night at Fire+iCE Harvard Square., null, null, null, Johnny Costa & Santiago's Band  and DJ Tiriri 
....Tonight at Fire+iCE Harvard Square., null, null, null, Every Monday night! 
You’ll be $#%@#$% glad you did.

College night from 4-10pm and Karaoke night at 9-1am, Recipe of the week.. Has anyone tried making this delicious combo yet?, All new at the Harvard Square location!!!!! iCE Cream Bar. Yum!, null, null, null, null, Pay half price at West Coast Swing with a Student ID Tonight starting at 8 pm!, null, null, For reservations please call 617-547 9007 http://www.opentable.com/fire-and-ice-reservations-cambridge?rid=49972&restref=49972, College and Karaoke night at FiRE+iCE Harvard Square.
 College night from 4-10pm and Karaoke night at 9-1am, null, null, “I am so %#$%&* Hungry”
“I am so !@#%$# Broke” 
“I 'm so $#%^! Glad 
it’s Monday Night”
Come to FiRE+iCE on Monday for our College Night and Karaoke Night

Every Monday night! 
You’ll be $#%@#$% glad you did.

College night from 4-10pm and Karaoke night at 9-1am, null, null, null, How big do you think our grill is?, http://www.eversave.com/boston/fire-ice, Special Brazilian Night tonight with DJ TChiriri ...                       Vibe Lounge at FiRE+iCE Harvard Square, null, http://dashboard.getprivy.com/promotions/289, null, http://www.harvardsquare.com/deals.aspx, null, null, null, Karaoke Night (9pm-1am), null, null, null, http://www.fire-ice.com/locations/cambridge-ma/#, null, null, null, “I am so %#$%&* Hungry”
“I am so !@#%$# Broke” 
“I 'm so $#%^! Glad 
it’s Monday Night”
Come to FiRE+iCE on Monday for our College Night and Karaoke Night

Every Monday night! 
You’ll be $#%@#$% glad you did.

College night from 4-10pm and Karaoke night at 9-1am 
FiRE+iCE Harvard Square

www.fire-ice.com/cambridge-ma, null, null, null, College and Karaoke Night 04-09-12, Come learn ballroom dance at FiRE+iCE ! 
Lessons tonight from 8pm - 12am, null, http://www.fire-ice.com/locations/cambridge-ma/#privy=289, Come to FiRE+iCE Harvard Square on Monday Night.

College night from 4-10pm 
...all-you-can-eat for college night price with your college ID

Karaoke Night from 9-1am with DJ Wile E

Unlimited Food, Drinks, Pictures and Prizes!!!, null, null, null, null, null, “I am so %#$%&* Hungry”
“I am so !@#%$# Broke” 
“I 'm so $#%^! Glad 
it’s Monday Night”
Come to FiRE+iCE on Monday for our College Night and Karaoke Night

Every Monday night! 
You’ll be $#%@#$% glad you did.

College night from 4-10pm and Karaoke night at 9-1am 
FiRE+iCE Harvard Square, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, College and karaoke Night Tonight  at FiRE+iCE Harvard Square., null, null, null, null, null, Ballroom Basics tonight  8pm -12am
Here at FiRE+iCE Harvard Square, http://www.opentable.com/fire-and-ice-reservations-cambridge?rid=49972&restref=49972, “I am so %#$%&* Hungry”
“I am so !@#%$# Broke” 
“I 'm so $#%^! Glad 
it’s Monday Night”
Come to FiRE+iCE on Monday for our College Night and Karaoke Night

Every Monday night! 
You’ll be $#%@#$% glad you did.

College night from 4-10pm and Karaoke night at 9-1am 
FiRE+iCE Harvard Square, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Salsa Enigma
... Friday at FiRE+iCE Harvard Square. $7 Special, Tonight at FiRE+iCE !, Tonight at FiRE+iCE Harvard Square !!!!!!, null, “I am so %#$%&* Hungry”
                        “I am so !@#%$# Broke” 
                            “I 'm so $#%^! Glad 
                                it’s Monday Night”
Come to FiRE+iCE on Monday for our College Night and Karaoke Night

                             Every Monday night! 
                  You’ll be $#%@#$% glad you did.

       College night from 4-10pm and Karaoke night at 9-1am 
                          FiRE+iCE Harvard Square, null, null, null, null, null, Tonight at FiRE+iCE Harvard Square
....Ballroom Basics!
From 8pm to 12am every Tuesday
Drinks, Appetizers and Fun!!!, null, http://www.facebook.com/ladygaga?ref=ts, http://www.facebook.com/pages/UMass-Boston-Admitted-Students-2010/325995587341?ref=ts,, FiRE+iCE Harvard Square will donate 20% of all dessert sales on Wednesday the 29th to the Lady Gaga Born This Way Foundation!Fire + Ice, 50 Church Street, 617-547-9007, http://www.fire-ice.com/cambridge-ma/, Harvard Square Businesses welcome Lady Gaga by supporting her "Born This Way" Foundation!Harvard Square, Cambridge, MA, February 27, 2012   Harvard Square Business Association members and one very generous local realtor, Holly Donaldson of Coldwell Banker, prepare to welcome Lady Gaga to Harvard Square by supporting her foundation.   On Wednesday, February 29th Oprah Winfrey, Deepak Chopra and U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius, are among those scheduled to join Lady Gag a at Harvard University's Graduate School of Education for the launch of the singer's nonprofit Born This Way Foundation.  The Born This Way Foundation addresses issues such as self-confidence, well-being, anti-bullying, mentoring and career development through research, education and advocacy. The Gaga nonprofit is in partnership with the Harvard Graduate School of Education, Harvard's Berkman Center for Internet and Society and the John D. & Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation.

FiRe+iCEFiRE+iCE Harvard Square will donate 20% of all dessert sales on Wednesday the 29th to the Lady Gaga Born This Way Foundation!Fire + Ice, 50 Church Street, 617-547-9007, http://www.fire-ice.com/cambridge-ma/ , College night and Karaoke night Every Monday at FiRE+iCE Cambridge! 
Bring your student Id for a college night Discount (4pm - 10pm)
Free Karaoke night / $50 prizes (9pm - 1am)
Reserve your table now http://www.opentable.com/fire-and-ice-reservations-cambridge?rid=49972&restref=49972, null, null, null, Tonight at FiRE+iCE Harvard Square
        ....Ballroom Basics!
From 8pm to 12am every Tuesday
Drinks, Appetizers and Fun!!!, null, College night and Karaoke night Every Monday at FiRE+iCE Cambridge! 
Bring your student Id for a college night Discount (4pm - 10pm)
Free Karaoke night / $50 prizes (9pm - 1am)
Reserve your table now http://www.opentable.com/fire-and-ice-reservations-cambridge?rid=49972&restref=49972, null, null, Salsa Enigma Fridays at Fire+iCE Harvarad Square!
                                   Post Valentine's Day calorie burn. 
               Lesson by Niche @ 9:30pm. DJ D Martinez spinning till late 2/17, Special Brazilian Forro Class tonight at FiRE+iCE Harvard Square
With Famous Guest instructor from Brazil Rodrigo Oliveira!!!
Class 10pm - 11pm, Social dance from 11pm - 2 am, null, null, Valentine’s Day Package for 2
$50.00

Appetizer for Two
Choice of Artichoke Dip or Bruschetta

Two Valentine’s Day Cocktails
Strawberry Kiss- Absolut Vanilla with strawberry liquer 
and a splash of cranberry and pineapple juice
French Cosmo- Citrus vodka, a secret raspberry liquer 
and a splash of pineapple juice
The Delancey- Fresh pomegranate liquer topped with St. Germain
Blended Chocolate Covered Strawberries- Ice cream blended with 
strawberries and chocolate

Meal for Two
Unlimited trips to the Fire+Ice grill

Dessert for Two
Strawberries dipped in chocolate served with vanilla ice cream, null, null, College night and Karaoke night Every Monday at FiRE+iCE Cambridge! 
Bring your student Id for a college night Discount (4pm - 10pm)
Free Karaoke night / $50 prizes (9pm - 1am, null, null, Soul Brazil Band tonight at FiRE+iCE Harvard Square!!!, Tonight At FiRE+iCE Harvard Square, null, College night and Karaoke night Every Monday at FiRE+iCE Cambridge! 
Bring your student Id for a college night Discount (4pm - 10pm)
Free Karaoke night / $50 prizes (9pm - 1am), null, Tonight, Tonight at FiRE+iCE Harvard Square, TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!!
        Karaoke at 9pm
Come Sing and have a Great time.
Bar Drinks, Appetizers and Prizes!!!!!, College night and Karaoke night Every Monday at FiRE+iCE Cambridge! 
          Bring your student Id for a college night Discount  (4pm - 10pm)
                     Free Karaoke night / $50 prizes (9pm - 1am), Tonight Friday at FiRE+iCE, null, Tonight at FiRE+iCE Harvard Square 
50 Church St. Cambridge MA, Saturday January 28
Death by Chocolate (Murder Mystery)
Fire + Ice
7:00PMThe Mystery Café is America’s Original Murder Mystery Dinner Theater, serving up both meals and laughter since 1986. As Boston’s premiere source of interactive entertainment, you’re not just watching our original comedic plays while dining on a gourmet three course dinner, you are actually a part of the show! Count Chocula welcomes you to ChocoCon 2011! Lady Godiva and Billy Wonka have come together to announce their newest creations. Their innovations are the Golden Ticket to chocolate success! Help Wonka sort through the clues and interrogate the suspects. Find out who was willing to go so far as to cause a... DEATH BY CHOCOLATE!  Reservations are to be made at www.mysterycafe.com  Tickets are $49.95 per person with a capacity of 150 attendees.
Fire + Ice, 50 Church Street, http://www.fire-ice.com/cambridge-ma/ , http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Ffireicecambridge.fbmta.com%2Fmembers%2FUpdateProfile.aspx%3FAction%3DSubscribe&h=HAQH-LkXBAQH9XY1Mmt33SY4epstL1MSuuoTW6n6ZL3SGtw, http://www.facebook.com/notes/fire-ice-harvard-square/karaoke-night/344544518898356, harvad, bu, us, , Free Birthday Meal , null, http://www.facebook.com/pages/FiRE-iCE-Harvard-Square/129469457069334?sk=deals&filter=367812363235041, http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&NR=1&v=5gq1imIlG0s, http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fmysterycafe.com%2F&h=wAQHn5VNnAQF6wsOjkabduxPkm9DXvN1veLHxotKFLQfAnw, null, http://www.facebook.com/youtube, FiRE + iCE Harvard Square
FiRE + iCE Harvard Square
Saturday January 28
Death by Chocolate (Murder Mystery)
Fire + Ice
7:00PM
... The Mystery Café is America’s Original Murder Mystery Dinner Theater, serving up both meals and laughter since 1986. As Boston’s premiere source of interactive entertainment, you’re not just watching our original comedic plays while dining on a gourmet three course dinner, you are actually a part of the show! Count Chocula w...elcomes you to ChocoCon 2011! Lady Godiva and Billy Wonka have come together to announce their newest creations. Their innovations are the Golden Ticket to chocolate success! Help Wonka sort through the clues and interrogate the suspects. Find out who was willing to go so far as to cause a... DEATH BY CHOCOLATE! Reservations are to be made at www.mysterycafe.com Tickets are $49.95 per person with a capacity of 150 attendees.
Fire + Ice, 50 Church Street, http://www.fire-ice.com/cambridge-ma/ 

See MoreSee More
Mystery Café - Boston’s Murder Mystery Dinner Theater since 1988 
www.mysterycafe.com.., null, null, null, null, Snow Day !!!!! Yay!!!!, null, Happy Martin Luther King Day! Come celebrate at FiRE+iCE!!, College night tonight!!!!!!!, FiRE + iCE Harvard Square
Saturday January 28
Death by Chocolate (Murder Mystery)
Fire + Ice
7:00PM
The Mystery Café is America’s Original Murder Mystery Dinner Theater, serving up both meals and laughter since 1986. As Boston’s premiere source of interactive entertainment, you’re not just watching our original comedic plays while dining on a gourmet three course dinner, you are actually a part of the show! Count Chocula w...elcomes you to ChocoCon 2011! Lady Godiva and Billy Wonka have come together to announce their newest creations. Their innovations are the Golden Ticket to chocolate success! Help Wonka sort through the clues and interrogate the suspects. Find out who was willing to go so far as to cause a... DEATH BY CHOCOLATE! Reservations are to be made at www.mysterycafe.com Tickets are $49.95 per person with a capacity of 150 attendees.
Fire + Ice, 50 Church Street, http://www.fire-ice.com/cambridge-ma/ 

See More, FiRE + iCE Harvard Square
Saturday January 28
Death by Chocolate (Murder Mystery)
Fire + Ice
7:00PM
The Mystery Café is America’s Original Murder Mystery Dinner Theater, serving up both meals and laughter since 1986. As Boston’s premiere source of interactive entertainment, you’re not just watching our original comedic plays while dining on a gourmet three course dinner, you are actually a part of the show! Count Chocula w...elcomes you to ChocoCon 2011! Lady Godiva and Billy Wonka have come together to announce their newest creations. Their innovations are the Golden Ticket to chocolate success! Help Wonka sort through the clues and interrogate the suspects. Find out who was willing to go so far as to cause a... DEATH BY CHOCOLATE! Reservations are to be made at www.mysterycafe.com Tickets are $49.95 per person with a capacity of 150 attendees.
Fire + Ice, 50 Church Street, http://www.fire-ice.com/cambridge-ma/ 

See More, Saturday January 28
Death by Chocolate (Murder Mystery)
Fire + Ice
7:00PM
The Mystery Café is America’s Original Murder Mystery Dinner Theater, serving up both meals and laughter since 1986. As Boston’s premiere source of interactive entertainment, you’re not just watching our original comedic plays while dining on a gourmet three course dinner, you are actually a part of the show! Count Chocula welcomes you to ChocoCon 2011! Lady Godiva and Billy Wonka have come together to announce their newest creations. Their innovations are the Golden Ticket to chocolate success! Help Wonka sort through the clues and interrogate the suspects. Find out who was willing to go so far as to cause a... DEATH BY CHOCOLATE!  Reservations are to be made at www.mysterycafe.com  Tickets are $49.95 per person with a capacity of 150 attendees.
Fire + Ice, 50 Church Street, http://www.fire-ice.com/cambridge-ma/ 
 
, http://www.harvardsquare.com/contact.aspx, Karaoke will start Monday 01/23/2012  at 9pm save the day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, null, Salsa Night at FiRE+iCE Cambridge, null, null, KARAOKE BEGINS TOMORROW TUESDAY AUG 24th! BE THERE. 9pm-1am all ages!, Thursdays and Fridays are dancing nights at FiRE + iCE, come join us!, Check out our awesome website!, Hustle, Swing, Latin and Ballroom dancing - every Thursday! Beginners lesson begins at 9:15, and the dancing kicks off at 10!, Check out Salsa Night, every Friday.)