List(TGIF!, Thanks for the love fellas, sending it right back! I'll see you guys April 10th. #mtvmovieawards. Kevin Hart Dwayne The Rock Johnson, Congrats to DeVon, and to the entire team behind Miracles From Heaven. http://www.miraclesfromheaven-movie.com/, Saw Hamilton in NY last night. Without question the best show I've ever seen!!, Check out the new Suicide Squad trailer!, Worst. Heroes. Ever. #DeadShot  #SuicideSquad trailer coming Tuesday…, I guess I won't...be driving today!, I'm lucky I've had the opportunity to meet this man, Dr. Bennet Omalu. His drive, courage and laugh are things that I admire. Concussion in theaters today! Wishing you and yours a safe & happy holiday!, Met one of the best in the world today! Justin Rose, I went Full-Fanboy!! I lost all my swag!, Leon Bridges is the truth! He wrote this record #SoLong after he watched my new movie Concussion. Check it out: http://smarturl.it/SoLongSong, Looking forward to getting back on stage tonight. #LatinGrammys2015, Happy Birthday, T-Ball. That's me on the left & you on the right. Just the two of Us! :-)  

You're 23 today. That's how old I was when your mother got pregnant. So, imagine yourself about to have a baby...

And then forgive me for my Dumbness! :-)  I love you, Man., Happy Birthday, my Bean. 15 years old today!! When you were born it took about 2 seconds to realize that I was willing to die for you. Thank you for correcting my heart - and teaching me how to love without constriction or condition., My first time in Amman, Jordan. 
WOW! I love it here. :- ), Me & Wifey havin' a sexy date night in Dubai., Congrats, Lewis!! You’ve made history. I salute you and I am proud to call you my friend., Heard some great artists last night in Miami - Complicated Animals, Jahzel Dotel & Matt Wigler. WOW!, Pure Trust., null, Who or What Inspires you... And Why? Just pondering., null, Felicidades to BOMBA ESTEREO  on their Latin Grammy Nominations!, This was taken at your mom's house 20 years ago. That's a long time ago!!! So I decided to do some math... 

I have sung happy birthday to you 20 times and I have bought you 19 birthday presents (I was mad that one year). I have watched you blow out 693 candles (737 after tonite). I've told you "I love you" at least 8,285 times. And of the nearly 3.96 Billion women on the planet - there is only 1 that I want to spend the rest of my life with.

Happy Birthday, my Love!, Hey, check out the trailer for my new flick Concussion ., A letter to a friend

The only sustainable relationship between two people is one in which both of you Individually reach for your Higher Selves. If someone is not willing to reach for the greatest, most Awesome, Loving & Productive version of themselves, you must lovingly move on - leaving them behind - trusting them to find their own way., #BetonAcE 
http://soundcloud.com/whoisace/blame-it-on-beyonce-ace-ft-decarlo
#BlameItOnBeyonce #BIOB, I'm starting my new career! Everybody in the Suicide Squad is getting a tattoo from another member. This is exactly why 40 year olds are not supposed to be hangin' with 20 year olds.  : - ), Out wit' the boys last night.
OVO Fest. Toronto They killed it!! I am DYIN' to get back on stage!, Under normal circumstances, I don't usually respond to foolishness. (Because it's contagious) But, so many people have extended me their "deepest condolences" that I figured - "What the hell... I can be foolish, too!"

So, in the interest of redundant, repetitious, over & over-again-ness... Jada and I are...

NOT GETTING A DIVORCE!!!!!!!!!!!!! : -)

I promise you all - if I ever decide to divorce my Queen - I SWEAR I'll tell you myself! 

#Dumb People Should Have to Wear Scarlet D's, Congratulations to my girl, Tisha Campbell Martin. Go get 'em, T! Back in the studio. I love what you're doin'., Daddy's Little Girl, My boy Tyrese has the Summer on lock with his new album "Black Rose". Check it out! http://apple.co/1RFawdn, Jaden is 17 years old today. I'm just glad he stopped eating paste!, We're gonna miss you, Uncle Jerry., Wishing Sergio Aguero a victorious run in the Copa América 2015 tournament., Chillin in the hotel. Lovin' the 6, A Throwback Thursday pic in honor of the NBA Finals. Shooting hoops with Reggie Miller and Jaleel White., She Noticed, Board vs Bored...
Popsicle Stick - Board?
Come on folks it's Punny!, I got board and put a Popsicle stick under Jada's strap. I wonder how long before she notices., Brian has been a very powerful influence in my life and my art. I hope his words and experiences Inspire you as they have done for me., Thank you all for the Hot Art pieces!!, Thank you to all those who defend our nation. I recognize that I only get to do what I do because you do what you do., Long Live The King., Saw the Jean-Michel Basquiat
Exhibit at the Art Gallery of Ontario in Toronto. Magdalyn Asimakis curated. I LOVED IT!!, #SuicideSquad, The Suicide Squad. We are havin' a Ball shooting in Toronto!!
 Lovin', Lovin', Lovin' it., Proud of my fam Queen Latifah, Shakim Compere, and Charlie Mack on bringing Brotherly Love to the big screen! Shot in my hometown - PHILLY - and in theaters today., Jeff and I performed with Louis York in Toronto the other night. These guys got skillz, check em out! ---> https://youtu.be/m4ohVkQA0K8, Y'all Ready?!?, Family night out to celebrate Jada. My girls rock!!!, Happy Easter!!, Today we Philadelphians celebrate the 120th birthday of the civic flag. With that celebration brings an historic honor for the man who raised me…Will Smith Sr. Aka "Daddio". I'm personally honored to salute both my father and the city of Philadelphia for making me who I am today., Thank you all for making Focus #1. I never take your support for granted., Focus Family, Trademarking the "Hover Hand" selfie on The Graham Norton Show., Date Night., Got another Focus exclusive for you before hits theaters on Friday! Check it out!, Focus Premiere, null, null, I'm gonna miss you, Dave!, null, Grazie San Remo...fino alla prossima volta., WOW...I've never seen one of these before! A chopper that holds 16 people., London...you held us down last night! Thank you!!!, Focus selfie with Margot!, Burning rubber with Stig at Top Gear., Congrats again to all the NAACP nominees and winners...great night!, Focus Movie night selfie in Miami. Thanks for hanging out with me fam!, Check out this hot Focus exclusive!, Focus Premiere, Ha! Welcome to L.A. Jimmy...See you Thursday!, null, Special shout to my FB Fam - 70 Million & Counting!! We Turnin' Up.

And Thanx for the Artwork., A special Happy New Years shout to my Facebook fam around the world...check it out!, An exclusive holiday treat for ya, the world premiere of the new Focus trailer! Check it out..., I heard a PERFECT Christmas song from a young group out of Philly! They're called Brotherly Love. Now... I'm not biased by the fact that they are from my hometown. Check 'em out for yourself., Wrapped up Annie in NYC. It's a great Family Holiday Treat! :-) Here's a little taste #AnnieMovie, Congrats Alf. You killed it - Just like I taught You! : -), Call 1-800-868-3401 to vote for Alfonso Ribeiro & Witney Carson. I’m dialing right now…

With y’all’s help, they can take home that Dancing with the Stars mirrorball. You can vote on Facebook here -> https://apps.facebook.com/votedwts/, If y’all show Alfonso Ribeiro & Witney Carson enough love tonight, they might be able to take home the mirrorball tomorrow!, Trey is 22 years old today.  WOW - I have a 22 year old.  Happy Birthday T-Ball!, My baby is 14 today. Happy Bday, Bean!, Here’s the trailer for my new movie, #Focus - Check it out!, A lil' Ol' School throwback. I was 18.
Picture compliments of Charlie Mack., Happy Birthday, My Love. We've been together at your last 20 birthday parties. Let's go for 50 or 60 more. :-), From the set of Fresh Prince to the set of Big Sexy. Our homegirl Queen Latifah is back with a new season starting tomorrow. Check it out!, 24 years ago The Fresh Prince premiered. WOW!!, Headed to Burning Man!!, #ALSIceBucketChallenge nomination accepted., null, In Vegas at a pool party with Jazzy. This dude is RIDICULOUS on the tables!!!!! STILL, Congrats Emilio!!!, 3-story leap into the Mediterranean Sea. I love Ibiza! Thanx, Eyhab., Selfie with the Leaning Tower of Pisa. I am Anthony Bourdain!!, My friend Karyn Parsons (My cousin Hillary from Fresh Prince :-) ) is
doing a campaign to bring inspiring stories to children. Her company is called Sweet Blackberry. Please join her on her quest. http://owl.li/zcrnR Only 48 Hours left, check it out!, First time in Florence, Italy. WOW!, Scotland was KRAZY last night!! Thanx, Calvin for sharing your home, your family and friends with me. Pure Magic!, Jaden is 16 years old today!!! WOW!, Special shout out to Team USA and Tim Howard for holding it down for US. We are very proud and We Shall Return!!!, ¡Felicidades Colombia! Gracias a la gente de Ibagué y Neiva. Me encanta Colombia., Met Elio Mercado (Evoca1) today in Miami in the Wynwood Art District. I love watching art in progress., Rare is the voice that can move you to tears, to action, and to love—all in the same sentence. You will be missed, Maya., It dawned on me the other day...

If you are only willing to love Perfect People, then you are going to be alone!

It sucks, but we gotta Love people through their "stupid stages"., I jumped with Trey and Jaden today. I kept thinking to myself, "This potentially may be the individual worst display of parenting in African-American history"., null, Some of my greatest lessons in Acting, Living and being a respectable human being came through James Avery. Every young man needs an Uncle
Phil. Rest in Peace

"This photo was the last time we were together", Me, Jada and Willow - smilin' but freezin'! :-), I'm really impressed with this young man., It's a Wrap!, "Resentment is like drinking poison and then hoping it will kill your enemies."

- Nelson Mandela, #Argentina, Felicidades a Nole y Rafa. Gracias a la gente de Buenos Aires. Estoy aqui en Argentina filmando mi nueva pelicula y me encanta B.A.!!!, #Argentina, null, It takes a Village. It wasn't always easy, but we all worked, prayed and suffered to raise this beautiful young man. Shout out to all the blended families out there., Happy 21st bday Trey. My first child into adulthood! WOW!!!!!  :-0, #QLShow Starts Today...Q the Fun!, I went to the F1 in Monaco to see my boy Lewis Hamilton race. It was my first F1. Lewis is the Truth!! www.lewishamilton.com, null, Loungin' in Hanalei. That is the brightest rainbow I've ever seen!  "What does it all mean, Man".  :-), After Earth  is out TODAY! Honored to celebrate the release with the troops at Fort Hood., Three years of hard work all led to this --- After Earth premiere in NYC—a family affair in the city that never sleeps., UEFA Champions League Final with Jaden Smith ... Priceless!, At the UEFA Champions Festival—the energy is CRAZY here!, So many talented people helped create the After Earth world—and the United Ranger Corps Survival Manual is proof. Check it out, y’all!, Me and Team Brick Buddies, in Miami! John, Elizabeth, Sumukh, Gillian Thomas and Roxy — ambassadors for the XPRIZE After Earth challenge!, After Earth survival tips from the one and only Les Stroud! 
Watch and learn! http://www.afterearthstore.com/home, Me and Jaden Smith chilling out at ELLEN with B-girls Eddie and Terra of the Soul Mavericks Crew. They are the truth y'all!, #afterearth has Seoul!, Hanging with the YG Family- Yang Hyun-suk of YG. Will, Gdragon, TaeYang, CL, TOP, Teddy Park and Choice., Taipei 101 #AfterEarth, Taipei! Kicked off the morning with some After Earth press with my son., Made a whole bunch of friends at the Tokyo Sky Tree today!, The new After Earth trailer...fresh out the box!, I want to send a shout out to all my peeps in Brixton... Chuka Umunna, Tessa Jowell, headteacher Lesley Morrison and everybody at the St Martin-in-the-Fields High School for Girls!, I was on my favorite site http://Thefancy.com  and I caught Frank The Pug moonlighting!, Off the beaten path..., In Rio with my man Naldo. He has 5 of the top 10 records in Brazil. His life story is CRAZY!, In Rio at Carnaval. Obrigado, Brasil!, Happy Holidays to everybody near and far! Don't give in to the egg nog!, I think the world is supposed to end today--I guess the new After Earth website is right on time! Check it out--we've poured a lot of passion into the After Earth project!, Y'all need plan your vacation around this one!, Happy Thanksgiving to everybody around the globe. Even if you don't celebrate, take a minute to be thankful.

Oh, yeah...and don't overdo it at the dinner table!, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/INh, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/INg, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/INf, I've pledged to vote tomorrow--I need all of y'all who are registered to vote to make the pledge too.

No matter what you believe or who you support, make sure your voice is heard!, Glad to see our leaders working together to help people in need--we need more of this!, Great endorsement for President Obama on the day Jada Pinkett Smith and I host Mrs. Obama. Let's get it!, We made history y’all! The fundraiser that Jada and I are hosting for our First Lady is SOLD OUT—and we helped Mrs. Obama beat the fundraising record for a seated First Lady! Of course it’s not too late to make a difference--please donate whatever you can today.

Now excuse me while I get my popcorn ready for tonight’s debate!

https://my.barackobama.com/page/contribute/o2012-StandWithJadaAndWill, Facebook world! Last night's victory by our President isn't enough. Do yourself and our country a favor and donate at the link below -- so that, come November, we'll be celebrating a bigger victory!

https://my.barackobama.com/StandWithJadaAndWill, Jaden’s Cooltape, The Cool Cafe, dropped this week—plug it into your iTunes, iPhone, iAnything, and let it bump!, There’s a heavyweight fight tonight— Barack Obama vs. Mitt Romney—and all y’all better be watching!

Wherever you are... TUNE IN to the Presidential debate--and GET REGISTERED to vote!, It don't matter if you're red or blue, left or right, in the middle or someplace else altogether! Voting is POWER, and it's your responsibility to exercise it. Get out--and GET REGISTERED!, It’s a family affair on this Monday morning — y’all check out the video for “Find You Somewhere,” featuring ALL of my kids, and directed by the love of my life. 

Just ‘cause Summer is over doesn’t mean the heat has to stop!, Y'all have GOT to check out Jada's Instagram "officialjada". She found some CRAZY shots!!!, Jaden droppin' a lil' summer heat on y'all!, Just started training for my next flick--gettin' my E2 on! In NYC with my coach Darrell Foster. He trained me for Ali, I Am Legend, I Robot etc. etc. Check him out at http://DarrellFosterOnline.com.

Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/qWQ, Jada lending her beautiful voice to the voiceless..., What up, y’all! Last week me and Jada visited Ethiopia with charity: water, to see firsthand how the gift of clean water can change the lives of so many, so easily.

Join us in making this world a better place—for your next birthday, ask your friends and family for donations to charity:water at http://charitywater.org/birthdays. Switch out that birthday cake for some clean water!! 

Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/o26, Do You!, One woman is every woman
One child is every child
One man is everyman

Learn more today, go to www.dontsellbodies.org, A beautiful song, and a fantastic cause: http://dontsellbodies.org, Four locations...three years since we hatched the idea..."too" many memories...and one thousand years into the future.

After Earth, it's a wrap. PEACE!, Nothin' but love for everybody that came out to support for the Men In Black 3 premiere in NYC and during the whole tour...hope y'all enjoy the movie this weekend!

Be safe!

Check out the full photo album on Popset: http://popset.com/s/dbR, I wanted to give this one some extra shine...big up to ALL the troops, past and present!

Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/diF, Anybody up for a lil' midnight movie on Friday?, "Equipped with his five senses, man explores the Universe around him and calls the adventure Science.” 
--Edwin Powell Hubble

Shout-out to the Young Geniuses I spent the day with at the London Science Museum for the Youth Inspired Challenge. Y’all keep learning, exploring, and looking for ways to make this world better!, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/bL0, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/bKZ, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/bKY, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/bKX, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/bd7, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/bd6, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/bd5, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/bd4, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/aXm, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/aXk, Give it to 'em Jaden...you know how we do!, Happy Mother's Day to the Moms in the 79 countries that celebrate it today, and much love to all the other Moms around the world!, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/aoo, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/aon, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/aom, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/aol, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/aaZ, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/9ZW, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/9ZU, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/9ZT, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/9oS, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/9oR, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/9oQ, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/9ot, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/9os, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/9mD, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/9mC, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/9aI, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/8VW, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/8VV, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/8Pz, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/8Py, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/8Px, Taken with Popset, http://popset.com/s/8Pw, Love it!, In Cancun with Pitbull...another MIB!, Check out Jaden's hot new track Flame...just cuz!, null, Hey y’all—which one of these pics should I use for the cover of my Timeline page? I’ll use the one with the most Likes!, null, null, null, Some sounds for everybody's Friday Night...Shout-out to all the up-and-coming DJs who remixed my baby's track! Thanks y'all! , null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, A lil' somethin' to start your weekend off right!, This Bug was outside Jaden's trailer in Costa Rica.  DAMN!!!!, Jada wrote and recorded this for me for Valentines's Day...had to share it with y'all, Find the art in everyone and everything--not just on Valentine's Day, but every day!, First day of filming 'After Earth', The day before we start shooting this lil' movie we call 'After Earth' -- did I mention Jaden Smith plays my son?, 'Bout to make some movie magic in Costa Rica!, Wishing everybody around the world a Happy New Year--y'all be safe tonight!, Got the Holiday season started right with a "Fresh Prince of Bel Air" reunion...there's nothin' like spending Holidays with fam!, Y'all know how we do!, A lil' sumpin' sumpin' to heat up those cold December days!, In 31 days, you can change the world—make the rest of 2011 count y'all!, Spend some time with your loved ones, and send some positive energy to those in need. Thanksgiving ain’t just about food and football!, Y'all check out Willow's new song -- but be careful it's HOT!, Willow had an “Epiphany,” and wanted to share it with y’all... Check out this clip, and remember—it’s NEVER too late or too early to start living out your dreams!  The time is NOW!, Y’all gonna mess around and give me, like, the best birthday ever—appreciate all the love!, Public Service Willnouncement—only TWO WEEKS before the Charity:Water challenge closes! The top 3 fundraisers get to roll with me and Jada to Ethiopia next year to see the change you’ve made and the lives you’ve saved.  So go ‘head and start a campaign TODAY, and a couple of tomorrows from now, y’all could be packing your bags to join me  and Jada in Africa!, Shout-out to all the kids, teenagers, college students, grad students—EVERYBODY who’s stepping on the path to becoming the Greatest You there is!, Wishing President Obama a happy 50th birthday--the man's been working HARD, so y'all show him some love!, Facebook World! Let's come together to bring water to those who don't have
it. The top 3 fundraisers will travel to Africa with me and Jada to check
out the communities revitalized by the gift of clean drinking water.
There's only 3 months left to join the contest... so y'all better get
started! Check the website to learn more:
http://www.charitywater.org/willandjada/
, null, null, null, Another great day in NYC with the better half! Lookin' forward to the season premiere of Hawthorne tonight!, Doin' it REAL BIG in Arkansas!, Looking forward to a little R&R with the fam—that’s Reading and Running if y’all don’t know!, Celebrating the journey of Overbrook Entertainment intern/employee turned Sony exec/VP, Devon Franklin.  My man is a living example of the Overbrook Way in effect!, Chi-town, y’all know how to throw a party...  Glad I could help Oprah celebrate an incredible 25 years—and a fantastic future!, Doesn’t get much better than watching your kid perform for the First Family... That’s my Baby Girl!, Hey y'all, join Jada and me to help bring clean water to people in need -- and you can win a trip to Africa with us! Check out our new charity: water tab here on my Facebook page to see how you can join us!, We are blessed to have access to clean water whenever we need it, but that's not the case for almost a billion people living in developing countries. Check out this new charity: water video to see how water changes everything., We shot in the Bronx this week—thanks for the love y'all!  Big shout-out to NYPD's 49th Precinct and all the kids at PS83 Donald Hertz, St. Raymond's, St. Clare of Assisi, Van Nest, Carl C Icahn Charter, and PS 127 Castle Hill!  Y'all keep reading and running—and don't forget to put a lil' recess in there too!, Tonight’s the premiere of Jerry Weintraub’s HIS WAY documentary on HBO.  I was lucky enough to work with him on Karate Kid— Uncle Jerry is the real deal!, Just a quick shout to let everybody know Jaden is OK..., I Just left Dublin...can't believe I missed St. Paddy’s Day!, Willow's opening up for Justin Bieber in the UK, and Friday was her first show...Damn!, Y'all check out Willow's "21st Century Girl" video and let me know what you think!, http://vimeo.com/18926993, Jaden and Justin at the “Never Say Never” premiere. Saw the movie the other night, it's FANTASTIC--y'all are gonna be shocked. JB is the truth!, I spent all day in the desert shooting Willow’s video., Just ran my 5 miles for today.... Don’t wait till January 1st to start chasing your dreams.  Any resolution important enough to make for the new year, is important enough to start RIGHT NOW!, Going back to Cali to see my oldest seed and the rest of the Oaks Christian football squad play for the division championship!, Happy Thanksgiving to my Facebook fam!, Protecting the Earth from the scum of the universe... again., Shout out to Bill T. Jones and the UK cast of Fela! on a fantastic opening night--sorry I couldn't be there to help y'all celebrate!, Getting ready to put the black suit back on!, Fantastic night ahead: Dinner with Her Majesty Queen Rania. She's changing lives and changing the world--and I love it!, I'm 'bout to take a little break to watch Willow Smith perform on The Ellen DeGeneres Show!, You can cop "Whip My Hair" on iTunes today--my Baby Girl's first hit single!, Check out the new hotness from my youngest seed!, Thank y’all for the birthday love.  Let’s make it a big weekend for charity:water!  Donate your birthday – the top three fundraisers will take a trip to Africa with me and Jada!

http://charitywater.org/willandjada, Jada and I are donating our birthdays to charity:water...help us celebrate!, null, null, null, "HawthoRNe Season 2 premieres Tuesday @ 9pm on TNT -- I'm so proud of Jada... And I'm so gonna watch!", null, I gave my brother-in-law Caleeb my iPhone. As we walked out of the theater I just turned around to the crowd...I love shocking people like this!, I told y'all I was gonna sneak into the back row of the theater!, Wait, hold up...maybe that didn't come out right. I'm gonna PAY for the movie ticket...I'm just gonna CREEP into the back row!, The Karate Kid opens today...I'm gonna sneak into the back row of about three movie theaters in NYC to see what y'all think!, If Jaden runs the box office like he runs the red carpet, we'll be just fine -- thanks for the love, Chicago!, Check out Jaden in the video for "Never Say Never" with Justin Bieber!  Acting, rapping, dancing -- I wonder where he gets it from..., Check out Jaden in the video for "Never Say
 Never" with Justin Bieber!  Acting, rapping, dancing -- I wonder 
where he gets it from..., Hanging with legendary choreographer Bill T. Jones at the Fela! celebration last night.  The "T" must stand for Tony, 'cause we got 11 nominations!, Backstage at Oprah -- If she put that photo up just to make me feel special...it worked!, Check out the new 'Karate Kid' trailer. I was a very important part of the production team of the lead actor., The Will and Jada Smith Family Foundation, in collaboration with the World Food 
Programme, has created a work of art to remind everyone that, “where there is 
hunger, there can be no peace”. The artwork is now up for auction on eBay. All 
proceeds go to hungry school children in Haiti!, "Shine Your Light" video on YouTube., An inspirational video from the Will and Jada Smith Family Foundation.

Stand up. Shine your light. Shine it bright. Lead the World., Gettin' Jiggy Wit It, A fun interview with Dave..., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, The Forbidden City, null, null, null, null, null, null, Facebook, an upcoming trip to China, and going one on one with Tiger Woods, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null)