List(Cantina is running a new promotion on gift cards! Purchase a $30 gift card for $20 and a $50 gift card for $40. Come on by to give your friends and loved ones the gift of margaritas and delicious Mexican food!, "El Mexicano" (The Mexican) Two tacos, two tamales, two enchiladas., Now Serving Drafts at Cantina, Happy National Margarita Day, Come Support Tonight's Fundraiser. Karaoke, Raffles & Margaritas, Union Square Winter WonderLand, Cantina Invites You to Have a Margarita on Nikki, null, Every Monday At Cantina, null, Margarita Monday $5 Specials, Taco Tuesday's at Cantina $9.95 All You Can Eat Taco Buffet, null, Come celebrate Halloween tonight here at Cantina, Show up in Costume to Cantina La Mexicana this Halloween and potentially win yourself one of these three bottles of blanco tequila., Here is one of our special holiday margaritas for our fiesta on Saturday, October 31. Come try our refreshing hibiscus margarita with Cabo Wabo tequila. We also have some surprises at the bar involving bourbon and vodka!, Our musical guest for our Day of the Dead Eve Celebration is Tito Rivas & Los Decadentes de la Bachata! Come on down to listen to his cumbia, bachata and merengue tunes!, Come on down and celebrate with us on Saturday, October 31 from 8 PM-Close, Come celebrate with us on our Day of the Dead Eve fiesta sponsored by Corona! There will be live music and mystery prizes that will be raffled off. Festivities will be on Saturday, October 31 @ 8 PM! We will be waiting with plenty of margaritas and food!, Come to Cantina La Mexicana and enjoy some karaoke tonight at 9pm, Karaoke Tonight at Cantina starting at 9pm, New Beers at Cantina, Shipyard Pumpkin Ale on Draft, Come Down to Union Square for the Ignite Festival and enjoy a delicious Margarita at Cantina La Mexicana, Pitchers of Beer@Cantina! $14, null, This is what is new at La Cantina! Come on down and try our new summer margarita flavors, yellow watermelon and pineapple. Yummy!, null, null, http://www.cantinalamexicana.com/new-gallery/2015/3/26/tacos-de-el-pastro, http://www.cantinalamexicana.com/new-blog/2015/3/19/one-fund-fundraiser, null, Come into Cantina and enjoy NATIONAL MARGARITA DAY, $5 house margaritas, null, Join us for the AFC Championship Sunday January 18th and Enjoy these Cantina Specials:

Tacos $1
Nachos $5
Burritos $5
Buckets of Beer $20, null, Our top 4 margaritas from left to right: Green Monster, Jalapeno, Fig, and Blood Orange. Knowing Robert he may give you another surprise! Which is your favorite?, Come celebrate the first party of the year with us Thursday, January 8, 2015 to try the top 4 margaritas of 2014. The top 4 margaritas of 2014 are: Fig, Blood Orange, Green Monster and Jalapeno. Let the server know that you saw this post on Facebook for 5% off your bill., Come down to Cantina and try this old favorite, Coctel a la Campechana, Come down for our Day of the Dead party tonight! Drink specials and custom contest - best dressed we're giving away this scarecrow's special bottle....! 🎃💀👻🎃, Show up in Costume for our Day of the Dead Celebration and Potentially Win One of these Three Bottles. Prize goes to best costume, null, Let the spookiness begin...!, null, Labor Day Sunday we are partying and so are you. Open til 1AM ~ $20 buckets of 6 bottles, drink specials to die for, and badass tunes. Happy Labor Day!, null, null, Gearin up for Labor Day weekend, methinks we're having a little shindig on Sunday with sweet drink specials, more deets before the weekend but definitely rockin til 1AM, Goodies arrived! Time to start mixin' up Ilegal Mezcal creations for our BRAND new cocktail menu, coming soon.... #mezcal #allfresh, null, Sun is shining and we're selling tamales!, Come check out this awesome menu! Introducing Suck 'em back Saturdays.....$25 Margarita pitchers!, Come get a little wacky on this beautiful Wednesday ~ SPECIAL $25 house Margarita pitchers!!, Still don't know where he went, but we'll have a drink in his honor....happy Wednesday :) Come visit us tonight, it's beautiful out and we're ready to serve you!, Margarita Monday? Just saying... :), Tons of fresh fruit margaritas PLUS our Summer Special Patron Margarita ~ $8, Let the fun begin!, http://somervilleartscouncil.org/artsunion/2014/ignite, Limited Time Only: Mango Melon and Prickly Melon Margaritas, Hibiscus Margarita with cinnamon sugar rim. Yes please! That guy behind is Ginger Apple. #creations #bobneversleeps, At work..., Weekly Specials ~ $4.99 Homemade Flan • $6 Pecan Bliss Margarita, Maria was gone for 3 days and is not sure why this happened, but ok....I guess it fits, Tell us Bob sent you for a $20 bucket of beer tonight #summernights #cervezas, Smokey Pear....only you can prevent a boring weeknight. Come down this week to find your fave new flavah, Happy Sunday!, Don't forget to stop by the Cantina at 6 pm for the Somerville Neighborhood News Episode 11 watch party! There will be new margaritas to try!, Green Monster and Fig Margaritas!, Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! We are serving a variety of margaritas: pear, green apple, kiwi, and GREEN MONSTER!!!, Enjoy the Cantina's new Brunch Menu this Sat & Sun, 10am - 2pm, with friends and family. See you there!, Here's the new Mexican Brunch menu. (It may change as time progresses.) Make us your new, no-wait, brunch destination! Join us Saturdays and Sundays, 10am - 2pm, with friends and family., Just two of the many items on the Cantina's new Brunch Menu! Mmmmmmexican!, Our new Weekend Brunch menu starts, tomorrow, March 1. Saturdays and Sundays 10am - 2pm. New cocktails, too! Preview attached:

http://www.cantinalamexicana.com/blog/2014/2/19/now-serving-brunch-starting-march-1st.html, Don't forget to stop by tonight at 6 pm for the Somerville Neighborhood News watch party!, National Margarita Day at the Cantina. We have pitchers., Chicken Cantina Salad Plate, Don't miss Somerville Neighborhood News' first watch party tonight at 6pm. We will be airing their newest episode!, Come watch the Celtics take on the Wizards at 7pm!, Stop by the Cantina next Tuesday to view the latest episode from Somerville Neighborhood News., Join us at Cantina La Mexicana on Tuesday January 28th for a viewing of Somerville Neighborhood News, Don't forget to join us tonight for Game Night! Cards Against Humanity, Jenga, Uno and Poker. $20 buckets of beer!, Don't forget to place your game day order!!, Stop on by tonight and help us kickoff Thursday Comedy Nights with a cool & crisp cucumber margarita!, null, Now offering: At-home Catering Special for Sunday's Championship Games!!! Pile of Burros (10 Burros with Chips & Salsa) for $85 and Tacos (30 Tacos with Chips and Salsa) for $85. To place an order, email tacobob@rcn.com or message us on Facebook!, We'll be playing the Mavericks/Spurs tonight. 7pm, null, Tonight! Game Night!!, null, null, Come join us for Monday night football! Enchiladas! Nachos! Bucket of Beers!, Karaoke tonight at the cantina!!!, EVENT AT THE CANTINA: DAY OF THE DEAD ON SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2ND. Come out and celebrate with us. 9pm., Enjoy a margarita inside as a live concert happens outside our front door!, Available Now at La Cantina: $25 dollar gift certificates for $15, Have you tried our Grilled Avocado?, July 4th, open for dinner @ 5PM! Independence Day Special: homemade fresh fruit margaritas - $10.00 US. Cantaloupe, Watermelon, and others!, April welcomes another anniversary for Cantina la Mexicana! And, we welcome you to view and try our new menus:
http://www.cantinalamexicana.com/menus/, null, Come dance at the cantina, this Friday night!, null, Happy Halloween! Treat yourself to some authentic Mexican food, today!, Seating is limited, so call, today, to reserve your space. ($35.00 per person via credit card.), null, null, Come join us, Thursday, Sept. 27, 2012, from 7-9pm, for the first or many Noches Picantes! All you can eat Mexican buffet - $18.00 per person, $6.00 Margaritas, plus, live music!, Dinner Specials for the week of Sept. 24, 2012, (Mon. - Sun.): Choice 14oz. strip steak with flavorful mushroom sauce and asparagus, $24.99. Spice encrusted salmon fillet with sautéed vegetables, $15.99., From 5-11pm, on Mondays & Tuesdays, our bursting burros are just $5.00 each! (plus tax), Dinner Special: Spice encrusted salmon with sautéed vegetables., Dinner Special: Choice 14oz. Strip Steak, served with a flavorful mushroom sauce, melted cheese and asparagus., MUSIC AT THE CANTINA:

This FRIDAY & SATURDAY NIGHT (NO COVER)
8:30 PM, BOTH NIGHTS

PETER WARD & AMARILLO perform vintage country and western swing, featuring fiddle and steel guitar !

Friday line-up features Tim O'Betz on pedal steel, Ben Riva on fiddle, Robert Martino on drums and Damian Purro on bass.

Saturday line-up features Frankie Blandino on nonpedal steel guitar, Rich Dubois on fiddle, Mudcat Ward on bass and Robert Martino on drums., This Fri. & Sat.,  8:30pm, BOTH NIGHTS... PETER WARD & AMARILLO perform vintage country and western swing, featuring fiddle and steel guitar!   NO COVER!!, Here's a quick spot with Roy Sludge and the gang. (Rival gang to Kool 'n' The Gang's gang.)

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PztNDY3HWQ, Until we start broadcasting new information to this Facebook page, please visit http://www.cantinalamexicana.com for more information on weekly dinner and drink specials and special events like our current salsa dance instruction nights and "Music at the Cantina.", null)