List(Thank you for four great years! Unfortunately, the non-transferable liquor license we were operating under is no longer available. So, we cannot continue to operate in the Kitchen space. Please join us at Marliave or Grotto soon!, Happy Friday! Dine out Boston continues tonight. Join us this week for our full menu, 3 courses, for $38. #restaurantweek #dineoutboston, Dine out Boston starts tonight at Kitchen! 3 courses for $38, everyday through March 20th. Call the restaurant for reservations or visit us on Opentable., Dine out Boston starts this Sunday! Three course dinner for $38. Don't forget to make your reservations with us. Give us a call or visit opentable.com., Valentine's Day champagne is ready! Join us for brunch and dinner all weekend!, Guess what's back! Our Beef Wellington is being featured as an addition to our menu all week, and maybe longer. 

Don't forget to make your Valentine's Day reservations. We have availability and would love to have you join us!, Winter has finally arrived...come beat the cold with us tonight. We have Mulled Wine and Hot Buttered Rum, featuring Bully Boy Boston Rum, to warm you up!! Serving dinner until 10:30 tonight., Doesn't this look like a nice spot to host your private party? Congratulations Jessica and Harrison!  We will be closed this evening to celebrate ! Please visit our sister restaurant @marliave @grottorestaurant, How every meal should start....freshly fried vinegar and sea salt chips! #whoneedsbread, Who says that patio season is over? Suns out. Patio is open!, Yes, you read that correctly. Every day, all day we offer 6 oysters for $8 at the bar! We are also open tomorrow for brunch at 11am, Records are lined up and we are open for brunch! #southend #brunch #kitchenboston, One of tonight’s specials: 12oz rib eye, marrow butter, creamy spinach. #kitchenboston #southend, Local cod, Savoy cabbage & bacon #dinner #kitchenboston #cod #capecod #boston #shoretotable #southend, Crab cakes #newmenu #kitchenboston #southend #seafood #shoretotable #crab, What’s everyone’s favorite new dish on the menu?, From the shore to the table: introducing one of our new menu items, Portuguese Fisherman Stew. Dinner starts at 5pm tonight! #southend #shoretotable #kitchenboston, Kitchen is going local for seafood starting Wednesday the 23. Friends and family, which you are, half price on all food this Wednesday and Thursday.  Shore to Table at Kitchen., The lions tail may have been twisted; but your arm won't have to be to drink this. Made with Woodford Reserve Bourbon, house allspice dram, angostura and lime; this cocktail will help you kick off the start of fall! #woodfordreserve #nationalbourbonheritagemonth #southendboston #fallishere #lionstail #classic #cocktail #kitchen, Surpise! We are offering our dine out Boston menu until Monday! Make a reservation via opentable or give us a call 617-695-1250, Week 2 of Dine Out Boston is here! If you haven't reserved a table yet, give us a call at 617-695-1250. Dinner starts at 5pm! #southend #dineoutbos, We are open for dinner tonight at 5pm. Join us for #dineoutbos 3 courses for $38 per person! #southend, Lobster Thermidor @DineOutBos #kitchenrestaurant, $1 oysters, clams & shrimp cocktail are still happening during @DineOutBos 5-6pm. Be sure to take advantage!  #southend #kitchen, null, We’re ready for @DineOutBos join us for dinner starting at 5pm! 617-695-1250, Mint julep. Yes please, Happy #nationalrumday ! Try our Bermuda Rum Swizzle with your @DineOutBos dinner tonight! #rum #swizzle #southend, Capri salad: heirloom tomatoes, house-prepared mozzarella, basil. #dineoutbos #kitchenrestaurant #capri, @DineOutBos dinner starts at 5pm tonight! Here is a peek at our menu #southend #kitchenrestaurant, Don't forget...dollar oysters, clams and shrimp cocktail starts tonight! 5-6pm daily. #rawbar #buckashuck #oysters, #DineoutBoston will be here before you know it! We will be participating for dinner everyday starting August 16th-August 30th. Call us at 617.695.1250 for reservations or book online at OpenTable.Com, Come celebrate National Tequila Day with us for dinner and drinks at Kitchen! Try our El Diablo, made with St. George Spirits Framboise and house made ginger beer!, Join us for dinner tonight and finish with a scoop of our homemade mint chip ice cream! Serving dinner til 10:30 tonight. Happy Ice Cream Month!, New to our menu, starting tonight....Creamy Corn Soup. Topped with Prairie Breeze aged cheddar and finished with extra virgin olive oil. Come join us for dinner and tell us what you think! Serving dinner until 10:30 tonight., In case you were worried....., Don't forget about everyone's favorite meal tomorrow. We're serving brunch from 11-3 tomorrow! Drinks and snacks all day. #brunch #sundayfunday #southend, A big thank you to our friends at Island Creek Oysters for showing us around this morning....and the oysters!, null, Join us for dinner tonight in our greenhouse and check out our new garden! Thanks to our friends at Vintage Garden!, We have cocktails. We have beer. We have delicious food. Come celebrate #StPaddysDay with us!, Depressed because #DineOutBos is over? Don't worry, we're serving our dinner menu until Sunday. #itsnotover, Hope you got your tickets for @TasteSouthEnd because we are attending tonight #somuchgoodfood #awwwyeah Come say hi!, Tomorrow night is the start of our #DineOutBos dinner menu! Join us for the start to a great weekend., #DineOutBos dinner starts this Friday.  Want lots of options and awesome food? Call me, maybe? #goodeats, What's a few more inches of snow at this point? We're #openinBos today for brunch and dinner! Get out of the house and join us for fun and food., Happy Valentines day! Kitchen is cooking until 10:30pm tonight and will be open all day tomorrow! Join us for brunch starting at 11am and dinner is served from 5pm-10pm! #blizzardparty #isitsummeryet #cabinfever, We are open for dinner tonight starting at 5pm! Get out of the house and cozy with us! #snowsnowsnoooow, Snow, snow, snow! Get out of the house and join us for dinner! #cabinfever, Cabin fever from all the snow? Come out and try some tasty treats from our new Pasta Station! Lasagna Bolognese, anyone?, Come try our Lasagne Bolognese special! Housemade pasta, bolognese & balsamella sauces...you know you want to #noms, Happy Christmas Eve! Join us for homemade eggnog tonight!, Tis the season for eggnog and our Christmas menu. Come join! Happy holidays!, Join us for brunch or dinner on Christmas Eve! We're serving our full menus and have decked our halls with Christmas cheer :) #holidayfun, Looking for a venue for a holiday party? Give us a call!, Everyone be safe and enjoy the holiday! Happy Thanksgiving!, The line up tonight. It's a good one, folks., Looking for a server position? Please send your resume to kitchenmass@aol.com!, We are loving #DineOutBoston - come join us before it ends this Sunday!, #DineOutBoston is awesome. Come see us for dinner!, Lunch? Come check out our #DineOutBoston menu starting today!, Our 3 course #dinner for $38 tonight? Yes, please! #DineOutBoston, Want to try our #tasty menu?  Make a reservation for #DineOutBoston now!, We are accepting lunch and dinner reservations for #DineOutBoston.  Make sure you get yours today!, We have some choice #patio days, friends., null, null, If you're still in #Boston, come visit us for Memorial Day fun!, Take your graduate out to a special dinner with us!  Congrats, grads!, Show the moms in your family a good time! Come out for #brunch starting at 11am! #HappyMothersDay, Be a good sport and bring your mother out to #brunch or #dinner on #MothersDay! She deserves it., We are looking for a new bartender and server!  Send in your resumes to kitchenmass@aol.com, I think we all need some coziness on this dreary Thursday! Good thing we've added #chowder to our menu. #omnom, We salute all the participates of today's marathon. #BostonStrong, We are serving a la carte brunch from 11:00am until 3:00 pm today! Happy #Easter!, We've added a few tasty treats to our menu like Duck Confit, Roasted Asparagus, and Cod - come try them tonight! #weekend, Time to start enjoying the #weekend. #Drinks, y'all?, #Brunch needed? Good thing we have it. #SundayFunday, Now that it's getting #warm out and #spring has arrived, let's hang out! We have #goodfood here., #DineOutBoston may be over, but we'll still be open for #lunch!, Better come give our #DineOutBoston #lunch and #dinner menus a go since it's the last day! Trust me, it's a good idea. #delicious, It's #Friday. Celebrate with #drinks and dinner from our #DineOutBoston menu! #weekend #TGIF, It's time for #DineOutBoston! Come try our delicious menu!, #Drinks anyone?  We've started our Dine Out Boston lunch and dinner menus - come try them today!, We're serving #DineOutBoston lunch today from 11am-3pm! Come try our tasty menu!, Our #DineOutBoston dinner menu is starting tomorrow! Come try a 3-course meal from our full menu with full sized portions for $38! #tasty, We've started our #DineOutBoston #lunch menu a bit early! Come try 1 course for $15, 2 courses for $20, or 3 courses for $25! #foodies, We're open for #lunch 11am-3pm today and debuting our #restaurantweek lunch menu! Come check out our #tastytreats!, Beringer's #Brunch today! Come out for our awesome #buffetbrunch and great #music! #SundayFunday, Tonight, I'd like my #beer in a tankard of sorts. What about you? #TGIF #weekend!!!, We will be open for #lunch starting next Monday the 10th! 11am-3pm Mondays through Fridays. Come check it out! #foodies, Just woke up and need #food? Beringer's brunch is still going! Plus, you can fill out an #AcademyAwards quiz to win a free future brunch!, Your next Beringer's #Brunch is on us if you guess correctly - Swing by and take an #AcademyAwards quiz! #SundayFunday #Oscars, Beringer's #Brunch has an #AcademyAwards quiz tomorrow! Come by for your chance to win a free future brunch with us!, #MardiGras is this Tuesday - start celebrating early! #FatTuesday #cocktails #woo!, #DineOutBoston is starting in March and we have an awesome menu planned - make your #reservation! #ilovefood, Beringer's #Brunch today from 11am-2pm - Come join for #mimosas! #weekend #food, #Brunch is a very important meal.  Come try Beringer's Brunch tomorrow! #Sunday #delicious #mimosas, It's a good day to come to #dinner at Kitchen! #TGIF, It's almost the #weekend! Come celebrate at Kitchen! #Thursday #drinks #dinner, It's George Washington's birthday, celebrate with us! You'll be supporting #democracy. #PresidentsDay #Amuuuurica #food #drinks #Boston, Beringer's #Brunch starts now, y'all! Come eat #goodfood!, Need ideas for #brunch on #Sunday? Come try Beringer's Brunch 11am-2pm! #delicious #ilovefood, Get out of the #snow and have a warm #cocktail with us on #Valentine's Day! Plus, it's #Friday!!, Snow got you down? Come have some Tagliatelle for dinner and follow it up with our homemade ice cream and cinnamon sugar donuts! Yum!, Want to go out in the #SouthEnd during #DineOutBoston? Come to Kitchen - awesome menu planned!, How about #dinner and #drinks tonight? Check out our updated menu!, Beringer's #Brunch today! Come join us, you Saturday night carousers! #hungry, It was fifty years ago the band appeared on the Ed Sullivan show...in honor of the event Kitchen, 560 Tremont, within our small kitchen will be preparing all can enjoy Beringer's brunch...hope we don't enjoy without you...Lucy and her friend Mr Kite will there, and of course Vera, chuck and Dave...with help from our friends in the Kitchen, and it might be difficult, because someone in the Kitchen, will she leaving, we will serve Beringer's brunch from 11am until 2pm...so have a good morning...the weather is getting better and we have been fixing a hole to get through the snow...enjoy your next day in your life at Kitchen and mention this post and your all you can enjoy brunch is 15 dollars...only Beatles on our playlist this Sunday the 9th, Beringer's Brunch 11am-2pm tomorrow! One of the new must-try brunches noted by @ZagatBoston ! #Sunday #Brunch #mimosas #bloodymary, Don't want to be outside looking this Sunday the 9th for Kitchen's Beringer's Brunch. The all you can enjoy brunch is from 11am until 2pm. Call Kitchen at 617-695-1250 and mention this post and everyone at your table pays 15 dollars.  Don't be left out in the cold...seating is limited., Kitchen is #OpenInBos tonight!, Zagat Boston listed Beringer's Brunch as one of the seven 'New Must-Try Brunches in Boston'! Come see why this Sunday, February 9! http://ow.ly/thxfP, Perfect #Sunday: Beringer's Brunch, #nap, #SuperBowl #Boston #brunch, Make a reservation for Beringer's Brunch tomorrow! #SundayBrunch #SuperbowlSunday, It's finally Friday! Start the weekend off right with dinner and drinks at Kitchen! #TGIF #SuperbowlSunday #foodie, Beringer's brunch at Kitchen, 560 Tremont, is filling up quickly for this Super Bowl Sunday. Get your reservation for the all you can enjoy brunch for $18.  Quick nap and then off to Super Bowl party.  Abba is on this weeks playlist. Dancing Queen anyone., Beringer's Brunch is starting in 10 minutes. Are you coming to #SundayBrunch ? #delicious #breakfast @EaterBoston @bostontweet, Don't forget - Beringer's Brunch tomorrow 11a-2p! #sunday #brunch #food @EaterBoston, Time to embrace the weekend.  Come out for dinner and drinks! #TGIF #weekend #FRIDAY, Beringer's Brunch Menu for this Sunday the 26th: scrambled eggs, assorted omelets, house-made breakfast sausages, eggs benedict, blueberry pancakes, lobster grits, yogurt & berries,  bacon-wrapped scallops, biscuits & gravy, brown sugar donuts, bibb salad, macaroni and cheese, Swedish meatballs and pigs in a blanket. #yum #brunch #weekend, The Little Bar at Marliave is open Thursday, Friday, and Saturday starting at 5pm.  Ring the bell at 51 Province Street or ask our host at the main entrance - full menu, plus selected cocktails available.  #drinksafterwork #goodfood #cocktails, Brunch first. Game after. #Patsnation #Sunday #brunch #Sundayfootball, All you can enjoy at Kitchen. Beringer's brunch. Come over. Lobster grits anyone, Beringer's Brunch is starting in 30 minutes. Hungry? #Sundaybrunch #3dayweekend #delicious Eat first. Game after. #patsnation, Kristin is opening the little bar at The Marliave. Come by and ring the doorbell at 51 Provence st!, Still some availability for Beringer's all you can enjoy brunch this Sunday, January 19.  The brunch is from 11 am to 2 pm, and is $22.50. Mention you saw this post you and everyone at your table receive $5 dollars off this Sunday., Happy Martin Luther King, Jr. 3-day weekend! Come start off the weekend happily with dinner and drinks! #TGIF #3dayweekend #food #delicious, Come to Beringer's Brunch this weekend from 11am-2pm! Just in time to go watch the Pats play the Broncos! #Patsnation  #Boston #Sundaybrunch

Menu for this Sunday's brunch: scrambled eggs, assorted omelets, house-made sausage, apple wood smoked bacon, blueberry pancakes, bacon-wrapped scallops, biscuits and gravy, beef tenderloin, eggs benedict, cheeseburger sliders, breakfast potatoes, plus a few surprises (couple hints: Swedish meatballs, pigs in a blanket, and more!)

From the vinyl collection: Prince, Cyndi Lauper, Michael Jackson, Chic, and the Bee Gees

We'll see you there!, Beringer's Brunch was a huge hit last weekend - don't forget to come out this Sunday! Make a reservation now! #SundayBrunch #3dayweekend Join our e-mail list for discounts on brunch & other meals! Email your info to themarliave@aol.com!, Beringer's Brunch at Kitchen., Abba. Yes that's right. At Beringer's Brunch., All You Can Enjoy Brunch today! 11am-2pm! Come taste our great food! #SundayBrunch, All You Can Enjoy Brunch today starting today at 11am! Come out for amazing food! #SundayBrunch #BrunchinBoston, Brunch at Kitchen with the Rolling Stones. Michael Jackson, Tears for Fears and The B-52's are on our vinyl playlist...come on by. We are serving until 2:00, Happy Friday! Come out for dinner and drinks! #TGIF #Friday #weekend @EaterBoston, null, Our mulled wine recipe comes from Mrs. Beeton's Book of Household Management. The mulled wine is recipe number 1961 in her book written on how to run a household in Victorian Britain. Kitchen has a first edition of this famous cookbook., Halibut Veronique anyone. Halibut, grapes and verjus. This one was inspired by boston native, Fannie Farmer., Kitchen still has some Van Winkle left, Follow us on Twitter @560Kitchen and Google+!, Our chefs have quite the selection of vintage cookbooks - including this first edition of 'Mastering the Art of French Cooking', complete with signatures from Julia and Paul Child!, Our menu is often inspired by some of the best cookbooks!, All You Can Enjoy Brunch this Sunday, January 12th!

Kitchen will begin offering our all you can enjoy brunch, Beringer’s Brunch, this Sunday, January 12th!  Guy Beringer was a writer in Britain and is often credited with creating the term ‘brunch’ in 1895.  In Mr. Beringer’s article “Brunch: A Plea” he writes “Brunch is cheerful, sociable and inciting” and Beringer’s Brunch at Kitchen is all of the above.

The Brunch features items that are freshly prepared and produced in small amounts by our chefs.  No heat lamps, chafing dishes or mass-produced egg dishes at Beringer’s Brunch.
  
Included on the brunch menu are scrambled eggs, assorted omelets, eggs benedict, blueberry pancakes, lobster grits, pan roast beef tenderloin, and our brown sugar coated donuts.  

Beringer’s Brunch begins at 11:00 am and last seating is at 2:00 pm.  It is only $22.50 per person and reservations are strongly recommended, but not required.  

For this Sunday, January 12th only, mention this email when you call to make your reservation to receive $5 off the brunch!
-
Brunch is a meal for “Saturday-night carousers” Guy Beringer (Circa 1895), We're open during normal operating hours! Come over for dinner!, Come to Kitchen and taste our new January menu! 
It includes rustic dishes such as roasted marrow bones, fricandeau of veal, savoury lamb pie, and Halibut Veronique!

We have our $45 per person 3-course dinner option which begins with a first course of French onion soup served with oxtail and a Comté crouton. The second course is a seared tenderloin is served resting on griddled toast with black truffle-Madeira sauce; pan roasted foie gras and crispy onions.  The third course is apple tarte Tatin that originated at hotel Tatin in 1880. The three-course dinner option is $45 dollars per person.

Hope to see you soon!, We now have new Instagram accounts! Follow Marliave (marliave), Kitchen (kitchenboston), and Grotto (grottorestaurant) to see tasty photo updates! 

Tag us in your photos and let us know how much you love the food and drinks too!, Please come join us for one of our newest additions to the menu, Beef Olives!  This dish is inspired by a family favorite and our delicious beef olives are stuffed with pickles, bacon and mustard.

Olives are a Mediterranean symbol of blessings and peace, which may be why this dish is shaped as such.  Beef Olives have also been a part of British cuisine since the 16th century.  

Come see us tonight!, Happy New Year!
The owners and staff of Marliave, Grotto, and Kitchen would like to wish everyone a Happy New Year! Kitchen would also like to thank everyone for attending their first counter top brunch. 
All three restaurants are open during regular hours today. Dinner starts at 5pm and ends at 10pm. Marliave and Kitchen will be serving cocktails until midnight. 
We hope to see you soon!, We couldn't of said it better ourselves. 

Historical Recipes Are the Next Big Thing, Old is new at Kitchen. New to our menu Roasted Marrow Bones (Circa 1720). Escargot, Parsley, Anchovy butter and Garlic bread., If you are looking for a place to bring the relatives on Christmas Eve we will be open. We are serving brunch from 10:30 am to 3pm and Dinner 5pm to 10pm. With the bar open until Midnight., Tired of being snowed in? Don't forget we have $3 Hors D’oeuvres from 5-6pm in the Dining room and all night at the bar., Now offering Hors D’oeuvres at Kitchen. All night at the bar and from 5-6pm in the dining room you can order off of our new menu., Join us for a festive holiday brunch on Christmas Eve.  Make your reservations now., null, The Feast of the Seven Fishes
 
The seven wonders of the world, seven
days in the week, the seven sacraments, seven days of creation, or seven is just a lucky number ... no one is certain about the exact origin of The Feast of Seven Fishes. The feast is a traditional meal served during the holiday season throughout Italy, which dates back centuries. The common belief is that partaking in the Feast will bring good luck and fortune in the year to come. The Feast of Seven Fishes at Grotto, Marliave and Kitchen is served over three courses and utilizes the great abundance of seafood available to us in New England. The feast at Grotto, Marliave and Kitchen is 65 dollars per person (neither of the menus include dessert).  The menus for each restaurant will be available on the respected websites next week. 

Grotto, Marliave and Kitchen will begin serving The Feast of the Seven Fishes Friday, December 20, 2013 thru Christmas Eve, Tuesday, December 24, 2013.  Marliave, Grotto and Kitchen will also be offering their full menus in addition to the Feast of the Seven Fishes menu. 

Grotto, Marliave and Kitchen will begin serving The Feast of Seven Fishes at 5:00 p.m. starting Friday December 20th until Christmas Eve. Reservations are strongly encouraged. To make a reservation at Grotto, 37 Bowdoin St on Beacon Hill, please call 617.227.3434. To reserve a table at Marliave, 10 Bosworth St in Downtown Crossing, please call 617.422.0004. To reserve a table at Kitchen, 560 Tremont St in the South End, please call 617.695.1250, We at Kitchen know that shopping can give you a huge appetite so we will be open for brunch on Black Friday! Come in and enjoy our Lobster Grits, Biscuits and Gravy, Eggs Benedict, and much more., This week we made a few changes to our menu items! Our Crispy Half Duck is now served with black-eyed peas, baby kale, and ham hock. The Rack Of Lamb still has its mustard crust but is accompanied by potato gratin and baby carrots. Come in and see what you think!, null, The Lobster Thermidor was created in 1894 by Marie's, a Parisian restaurant near the theatre Comédie Française, to honor the opening of the play Thermidor by Victorien Sardou. The play took its name from a summer month in the French Republican Calendar, during which the Thermidorian Reaction occurred, overthrowing Robespierre and ending the Reign of Terror. Its subject was the French Revolution, which was still a politically sensitive issue 100 years later, and the play was banned after only three performances. 

Our Lobster Thermidor was inspired by that dish. It is created as a lobster casserole with Parisian Gnocchi, spinach, mustard, cheese, cream, and topped with bread crumbs., Our delicious coffee and cocoa rubbed Venison has been added to the menu! It is served with a house prepared cider sauce and venison sausage, bacon, lentils, and brussels sprouts., Chicken Demi-Deuil (Circa 1880)
Our current version of chicken is laced with black truffle. We call it "Demi-Deuil" because it translates to "in mourning"  and the black truffles resemble a veil under the skin. 

"If God keeps me, I will make sure that no peasant in my realm will lack the means to have a chicken in the pot on Sunday!"-Henry IV of France, Come in and try our New York Sour tonight! Buffalo Trace Bourbon, lemon juice, simple syrup, egg whites, and Claret make this drink absolutely delicious., Tagliatelle (Circa 1486)
Legend has it that the tagliatelle shape – strips of pasta about half inch wide, was invented in 1486 by Maestro Zafirano, a cook from the village of Bentivoglio, on the occasion of the marriage of Lucrezia Borgia to the Duke of Ferrara. The cook was said to have been inspired by the beautiful blond hair of the bride, and thus created the pasta., null, Wellfleet oysters are fortunate to grow in a clean, contaminant-free area! Join us for half-priced Wellfleet oysters from 5-6pm and 9-10pm., Summer is over and Fall is all around us. Come in tonight and enjoy the patio while it lasts!, It's summer everyone!  Here are two of our favorite summer drinks.  More notably is the Cloud Chaser Rose.  We just got it and Kitchen is the only restaurant that offers it in town.  Here is some info about Cloud Chaser.  See you soon!

"With its gorgeous coral hue, dry and refreshing palate, and delicate structure, Cloud Chaser is richly evocative of its Southern French roots – the luxury and excitement of Monaco and the Grand Prix, the beaches and harbors of St-Tropez and Nice, and the stunning medieval hilltop towns dotting the countryside. Above, the “Mistral” winds render the skies a brilliant, cloudless blue, inspiring our name!

Like the best Côtes de Provence Rosés, Cloud Chaser is the perfect summer wine, but its charm and complexity make it a Rosé for all seasons."http://www.cloudchaser.com/main_Site_Final.html, It's the first official day of Summer.  Come by this weekend for brunch or dinner and sit on our patio to celebrate!  Hope to see everyone soon.  Cheers., Happy Pride day everyone!  We opened on this day one year ago.  Come celebrate with us!  We are serving brunch from 10:30-3:00.  Have a great day everyone!, New summer beer from Utah at Kitchen.  Perfect for the summertime.  Join us for the festivities this weekend and help us celebrate our one year anniversary!  Thanks everyone for their support this year!  
http://www.uintabrewing.com/brews.php#, 2010 Napa Valley Cabernet Sauvignon
Providing fruit for some of Napa’s most prestigious wineries, Stagecoach Vineyard is one of Napa Valley’s most unusual sites. It is rugged and dramatic, stretching from Eastern Oakville to Atlas Peak, and climbs all the way to 1,700 feet above the valley floor. In this seemingly inhospitable environment, Cabernet Sauvignon not only thrives, but also develops extraordinary character and complexity.

http://www.napacellars.com/Wines/Cabernet-Sauvignon/, Happy Memorial Day weekend everyone!   We will be here serving brunch and dinner Saturday and Sunday.  Enjoy a staycation in Boston and stop by for drinks and/or grab something to eat.  Cheers!, Our 2012 Twomey Estate Sauvignon Blanc has a light straw color with green highlights. It has an enticing nose of guava, honeydew melon, pineapple, custard apple, wet slate and lime zest. On the palate, it has a fruit sweet attack and a fleshy mid-palate that retains crispness due to perfect acid balance. The finish is long and focused, redolent of ripe tropical fruit balanced by citrus freshness.
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼, Our fruit beer for hopheads!

Aprihop is an American IPA brewed with Pilsner and Crystal malts. It's massively hopped -- in the continuous fashion, of course! -- and the flavor is complemented by the addition of apricots.

After fermentation, the beer is dry hopped with irresponsible amounts of Amarillo hops. The beer has a hoppy aroma, with the apricots playing a supporting role.

The flavor is rich with late hop flavors, and its bitterness is tempered by just the right amount of malt sweetness and fruity undertones from the apricots.

This is one of our most popular seasonal beers and we've been brewing it each spring for quite a while now. We release the beer each March, and you should find it on the shelves through May., null, Scrumpy
Well… that’s an English-style of farmhouse cider that has always been popular on the farms of southern England. It was also known here in the states in the early 1800’s. While we are not an English-style cider we are definitely a Farmhouse Cider.

Orchard Gate Gold
After the harvest, it is tradition at our farm to enjoy a large glass of cider. The pickers and I enjoy the Golden Cider at the Orchard Gate - the same as I did with my father and grandfather., null, The Queen's Park Swizzle is a variation, and perhaps first incarnation of the standard rum swizzle, originating from Trinidad in the earlier part of the 20th century. It is fairly similar to a Mojito in terms of ingredients, but has a flavor that sets it completely apart. The beverage is well balanced, and features a strong aroma of mint, but also cinnamon and other beautiful flavors from the bitters, while simultaneously gathering up the dense, thick viscous smell of demerara rum. It has a wonderful depth of flavor, aroma, tactile sensation with the cool frosty glass, and a beautiful visual appeal when topped with the angostura bitters, creating a layering effect of color., Patio is open everyone!  Come enjoy 1/2 priced oysters and delicious cocktails.  You are also welcome to dine Alfresco.  
Cheers!, Tonight Kitchen will be closed, we hope to open for normal service tomorrow.  Have a good night and be safe!, Here is an additional link for donations, Bob Kraft will match the first $100,000.

Donations can be made at Patriots.com/donate.  The phrase “Boston Marathon” should be added to the appropriate field on the donation form., Our hearts go out to everyone affected by the yesterday's events at the finish line at the Boston Marathon.  We are still in shock that this happened at one of Boston's oldest and proudest events.  If you would like to help here is a link to the red cross http://www.redcross.org/charitable-donations., Come in for Brunch tomorrow.  The Kitchen is open from 10:30am to 3:00pm.  Come and start off the long weekend with some Doughnuts!, Here is tonights featured wine at Kitchen.  

2011 PINOT NOIR, SONOMA COAST
Bright ruby in color and scented with wild berries and rose petals, this lively expression of Sonoma Coast pinot noir emerges from the glass in layers of blackberry and cola with subtle hints of vanillin, cardamom and anise. Supple, fine grained tannins and balanced acidity grace a long finish., Friendly reminder to everyone that we offer Wellfleet Oysters for 1/2 price between 5-6pm and 9-10pm.  How many can you eat?, null, It's brunch time again bring the whole family in for Easter Brunch this Sunday we still have a few reservations left., If you weren't able to get a reservation for restaurant week at Kitchen we have good news.  We are offering the Restaurant Week menu this Sunday and Monday night.  Book your table now on opentable.com or give us a call., Pappy Van Winkle update 3/21/13 we have four servings of the 20 year left.  We will not get another bottle until 1/2014 so don't miss your chance to come get yours now., It's back everyone, Truffle Soup!  This is one of our personal favorites.  How can you go wrong with Black Truffle and Foie Gras and puff pastry?  The answer is you can't.  Come and get yours., Here is another great shot from nourish365project.com of our Duck Liver Pate.  It is served with whole grain mustard, house made sauerkraut, pickled beet, apple butter and toasted brioche.  This picture looks too good not to share., Here is one of our new dishes.  This photo was taken by The Nourish 365 Project.  It's a rack of Colorado Lamb crusted with mustard and served over Lamb and Stilton ravioli's with baby carrots., If you got cooped up at home tonight, come by tomorrow for brunch.  Here is one of the brunch items Biscuits and Gravy.  Enjoy it with a Mimosa made with fresh squeezed orange juice, Grand Marnier and Gosset Champagne., Pappy Van Winkle update 3/7/13.  We are out of the 15 year old and now only have 5 servings of the 20 year old left.  Don't wait people or you will miss out until next year., Come try some of our new menu items at Kitchen.  This is the Crab Cake (Circa 1932), it's Dungeness Crab served over a Green Goddess Dressing and Horseradish Aioli and topped with a salad of Micro Greens.  Come see what other new options we are offering.  And don't forget we are offering Restaurant Week for dinner Sunday through Thursday and then all week from the 17th until the end of the month., Come try a Martinez Cocktail tonight.  It's Ransom's Old Tom Gin, Vya Sweet Vermouth, Luxardo Maraschino Liqueur and a few dashes of Angostura Bitters.  It's served up and garnished with a Luxardo Maraschino Cherry.  Cheers!, Here is our Restaurant Week schedule for March.  It will feature some new menu items.  We will be offering a three course dinner option for $38.13/person. 

March 3-7 Sunday thru Thursday
March 10-14 Sunday thru Thursday
March 17-31 Monday Thru Sunday

We do require a credit card with reservations so please have one ready.  We look forward to having you!, Don't forget to make your Restaurant Week reservations.  It's a great value at $38.13/person for a three course dinner.  Try all three of our Restaurants and come tell us which was best.  Even though we already know the answer to that one., Don't forget to stop by for brunch tomorrow.  We open at 10:30am and serve food until 3:00pm.  We have a great Bloody Mary that chef de cuisine Eric makes from scratch.  We hope to see you tomorrow., Come kick off your weekend with a cocktail.  We will be mixing them until midnight.  Get seats early and enjoy half priced oysters between 5-6pm.  Cheers!, Inspired by the French Laundry Cookbook, we have put this special on the menu for a limited time only.  It's a whole roasted Foie Gras served with Fingerling Potatoes, Apple, Black Truffle and serves two as an entree or 3 to 4 as an appetizer.  Come get yours before it's gone!, Kitchen will be open for brunch this Monday between 10:30-3:00.  If you are off on Monday come on by!, Happy Valentine's Day to everyone.  If you weren't able to get a reservation tonight we still have space available Friday  and Saturday night.  Here is one of our favorite dishes. Venison that is rubbed in Coffee and Cocoa powder.  We cook it medium rare and serve it on bacon lentils, surrounded with brussels sprouts and house made cider., Here is our bottle of Pappy Van Winkle 15 year old Bourbon.  We only get one of them a year.  There are only three servings left.  Come get yours before it's gone., Now that the parking ban has been lifted come and enjoy dinner at Kitchen this evening!, Nemo is forcing us to close down for dinner tonight 2/8 and brunch 2/9, but we are open for dinner service Saturday @/9 night at 5:00pm., Instead of digging your car out this weekend come to Kitchen instead for a cocktail.  Shoveling snow has caused numerous heart attacks.  Besides the snow will melt anyways.  See you soon, cheers!, Here is a picture of our Tournedos Rossini circa 1833, Careme's creation for the Maestro.  It's Beef Tenderloin, Foie Gras, Black Truffle, Creamy Spinach and Madeira Sauce.  Simply amazing, come by tonight to get yours!, Gear up for the Superbowl with us tomorrow with a hearty brunch.  Don't start your celebrations on an empty stomach.
Biscuits made fresh daily!, Guys don't forget to make your reservations for Valentines Day!  We are booking up quickly.  To make a reservation online click here.  www.opentable.com, Come to Kitchen for half priced oysters between 5-6pm and 9-10pm.  Our oysters come from Wellfleet Massachusetts which is almost at the end of Route 6.  We get our oysters from the pro's at Island Creek Oysters because there's are the best.....at least in our opinion., This is the last of the '08 Vintage for Forman Cabernet Sauvignon we have.  Come get one before they are gone.  Here are some tasting notes.


"Elegant Bordeaux-like aromas of berries, mocha, black currants and cedar are followed by a medium-bodied, stylish wine with excellent texture, underlying floral notes and a long finish.", No doubt this is one cold day in Boston.  Come warm up with a glass of hot mulled wine and some Mock Turtle Soup at Kitchen.  You worked hard all week, you earned it!, Take a look at our new presentation of our Lamb Pie.  It now comes with new seasonal root vegetables.  The meat falls right off the bone.  It's a perfect winter time meal., Here is a new addition to the menu at Kitchen. It's Pate inspired by Chef Jean-Joseph Clause. It is house prepared daily and comes with accompaniments chosen by Chef de Cuisine Eric LeBlanc., Here is the inspiration at Kitchen.  This is a collection of first edition cocktail and cookbooks.  These include American Cookery circa 1796, The Joy of Cooking circa 1931, The Virginia Housewife or Methodical Cooking circa 1860, and Old Mr. Boston Bartenders Guide circa 1932 to name a few.  Come in for half price oysters from 5-6 and discover the rest., Here is chef/owner Scott Herritt being interviewed by the nice people at WBUR.  The interview goes into detail about mock turtle soup.  Click below to hear the interview.

http://radioboston.wbur.org/2013/01/03/cooking-the-past-kitchen, According to the Huffington Post here are the top five New Years Resolutions.
1. Get in shape.
2. Eat right.
3. Save money.
4. Quit smoking.
5. Volunteer.
So let's all take a minute to agree. Take another minute to internalize it and feel good about trying to be a better you in 2013. More importantly though let's get back to who you are because resolutions aren't any fun anyways. So come in and enjoy a meal, drink a glass of wine and don't feel bad about it.  Listen to Calvin, The New Year is upon us, and the staff at Kitchen would like to invite everyone to celebrate with us on New Year's Eve.  The kitchen will be open until 10:30 pm, and the bar will be open until 1:00 am.
Cheers!, Kitchen will be serving food New Years Eve until 10:30.  Give us a call for a reservation, we still have a few left.  The bar will be open until 1am.  So come in and ring in the new year with the best cocktails in the South End!, Join us for dinner tonight at Kitchen.  You can enjoy your aunt's meatloaf tomorrow.  Nothing makes the holiday's feel better than lobster thermidor.  Nothing., If you work up an appetite doing all your last minute shopping we will be open for brunch and dinner on Christmas Eve.  We will be closing down for Christmas Day, but will re-open on the 26th for business as usual.  We at Kitchen would like to wish you a happy and safe holiday!, The Queen's Park Swizzle is a variation, and perhaps first incarnation of the standard rum swizzle, originating from Trinidad in the earlier part of the 20th century.  It is fairly similar to a Mojito in terms of ingredients, but has a flavor that sets it completely apart.  The beverage is well balanced, and features a strong aroma of mint, but also cinnamon and other beautiful flavors from the bitters, while simultaneously gathering up the dense, thick viscous smell of demerara rum. It has a wonderful depth of flavor, aroma, tactile sensation with the cool frosty glass, and a beautiful visual appeal when topped with the angostura bitters, creating a layering effect of color., The bar is open until midnight everyday of the week.  Try a cocktail from our drink list before, during, or after dinner.  Or just have your usual.  We promise not to disappoint either way.  Cheers!, Kitchen will be closed tomorrow Sunday 12/16 for dinner due to a private event.  

However, please come in for brunch from 10:30 am-3:00 pm every Saturday and Sunday.  Kitchen will also be serving brunch on Christmas Eve, as well as New Year's Day., Here are the last two I have for a while.  The 2009 Revolver "The Fury" is an amazing wine. It drinks well by itself or is perfect to go with your favorite entree.  Here is information from the wine maker.

"The intensity of this Cabernet Franc is characterized by a nose full of violets, snozzberries, and sweet, dried herbs. The pallet exhibits the flavors of macerated black, blue and red berries with integrated toasted oak and moderate tannins. Enjoyable now, ‘The Fury’ will benefit from aging. Previous vintages have proved to grow in intensity and some of the ruggedness turns supple with time.

TECHNICAL DATA
Blend: Cabernet Franc with a small addition of Cabernet Sauvignon and Petite Verdot

Aged 24 months in small French oak barrels, 40% new."

If you would like to learn more about his wine and the winemaker click here.  http://www.pagewinecellars.com/scripts/historyPg.cfm, Don't forget half price oysters at Kitchen between 5-6 pm and 9-10 pm.  See you soon!, Join us for brunch every Saturday and Sunday, as well as Christmas Eve, and New Year's Day from 10:30am- 3:00pm.  While your here try an El Diablo Cocktail with your meal.  Lunazul Tequila, fresh lime juice, house made Grenadine, Mathilde Framboise, all topped with Fever Tree Ginger Beer. Cheers!, PAUL BOCUSE MENU

Four Course Menu…$65

FIRST COURSE

Truffle Soup V.G.E.
His creation for the French president in 1975: Chicken, Foie Gras, Black Truffle, Puff Pastry $18

SECOND COURSE

‘Gratin’ of Crayfish
A dish to honor his mentor Fernand Point: Cream,  Butter, Mirepoix, Parmesan, Garlic-Crayfish Toast $15

THIRD COURSE

Crispy Half Duck
His love for seasonal game: Twice Cooked,This Season Dried Marfax Beans, Venison, Spinach $30

FOURTH COURSE

Baba Au Rhum
As Grandmother Bocuse made it:
Floating Island, Savarin Cake, Maple Ice Cream, Warm Rum Syrup $9, At long last we got our yearly allotment from the nice people who bring us Pappy Van Winkle, Eagle Rare, George T Stagg and Sazerac.  If you are familiar with these hurry in while supplies last.  If you are not familiar you should still hurry in while supplies still last.  Cheers!, Tonight only Kitchen is serving Oysters Rockefeller.  Half dozen is $18.00.  But if you order them between 9:00-10:00 pm tonight they are only $10.00.  Here is the history behind Oysters Rockefeller.

Oysters Rockefeller was created at the New Orleans restaurant Antoine's. Antoine's was founded in 1840 by Antoine Alciatore, who moved to New Orleans after two frustrating years in New York trying to open a restaurant of his own. It is the country's oldest family-run restaurant. The dish was created in 1899 by Jules Alciatore,[1] son of the restaurant's founder.


President Franklin Delano Roosevelt had Oysters Rockefeller at Antoine's in 1937. Mayor Robert Maestri commented to Roosevelt "How you like dem erstas?", as the national press transcribed Maestri's Yat accent.  The dish was named Oysters Rockefeller after John D. Rockefeller, the richest American at the time, for the richness of the sauce.  Though the original recipe is a secret, the sauce is known to be a puree of a number of green vegetables other than spinach. It consists of oysters on the half-shell topped with the sauce and bread crumbs and then baked.  Jules Alciatore developed Oysters Rockefeller in the face of a shortage of French snails, substituting the locally available oysters for snails. Antoine's has been serving the original recipe dish since 1899. It is estimated that Antoine's has served over three million, five hundred thousand orders., Here is a new addition to the Kitchen menu.  It's Crayfish, brunoise mirepoix, parmesan cheese, and crayfish butter.  It is gratin'd in the oven with and served with toasted house made brioche smothered in crayfish butter.  It's one of the courses offered on our seasonal four course menu.  You can order it a la carte or enjoy it as part of a four course offering for $65/person., If you come to Kitchen between 5-6 pm or 9-10 pm you can get Wellfleet oysters for half price.  That is everyday of the week.  That means a half dozen is only $8.  See you soon, Cheers!, Hot mulled wine is perfect on a day like today.  It warms your hands while you hold the glass, not to mention it's warming effects once consumed.  A cold day is also perfect for a hearty meal.  I recommend the lamb pie, it's filled with lamb, stilton cheese, potatoes and peas incased in a rich home made suet dough.  Both will keep you warm and both are only available at Kitchen 560 Tremont Street in the South End of Boston.  You can make reservations through opentable at http://www.opentable.com/kitchen or by calling us at 617 695 1250.  You can see our other menu options at www.kitchenbostonmass.com, For a limited time only we are honoring the first thanksgiving on our four course menu.  All four courses are $60/person.  They are also available a la carte.  Here is the menu.  It's also available online at www.kitchenbostonmass.com

First Thanksgiving Circa 1621

1st Course, Sobaheg
Wampanoag Stew, Grits, Wild Turkey, Peas, Butternut Squash

2nd Course, Seethed Mossabec Mussels
Cod "On A Plank", Red Wine Vinegar, Slow Cooked Eel, Parsley, Butter

3rd Course, Crispy Half Duck
Twice Cooked, This Season Dried Marfax Beans, Spinach, Cranberries

4th Course, Indian Pudding
Maple Syrup, Walnuts, House Made Maple Ice Cream

Have a happy Thanksgiving from your friends at Kitchen., null, Take a look at our house made biscuits.  These are fresh out of the oven.  They are served on our brunch menu Saturday and Sunday between 10:30-3:00.  We also offer a selection of house made muffins as well.  Here is the link to our brunch menu.  Take a look and we hope to see you for brunch soon.  http://www.kitchenbostonmass.com/lunch-brunch/, Here is a video of Billy making our Negroni cocktail.  We take equal parts Bombay Gin, Campari, and Vya Sweet Vermouth and age it is a charred oak barrel for six weeks.  We then stir it and pour it over cold draft ice cubes.  We save the best for last with a flamed orange peel for garnish.  Cheers!, This is a picture of our Chef de Cuisine Eric Leblanc demonstrating the process of making our Mock Turtle Soup for the History Channel.  The footage will air sometime in April, we will keep you updated.  Did anyone see Kitchen on the Phantom Gourmet this past Saturday?  What did you think?, Nothing is more perfect on a cold night than hot soup.  Give the election a break for a few minutes and come to Kitchen and try our Mock Turtle Soup.  Chef/Owner Scott Herritt has this to say about the history of the soup.

                           "Mock Turtle Soup
The menu description references a quote from Alice in Wonderland that is making a joke that mock turtle soup is in fact made from mock turtles.  In many old cookbooks you see the word mock used probably because during immigration many cultures would use ingredients to make something similar to what they were trying to make.  Or, as in the case of mock turtle soup, they are using something that is cheaper or more available to make a dish.  The circa date really relates to a time of mock turtle soup being a mainstay of the American supper table and is in almost every cookbook that I have purchased.  The dish is also in cookbooks in the 17th century and 19th century, but I would say that our inspiration for the dish is really more from the cookbooks of the mid 1800’s.  The soup is very involved and takes about three to four days to prepare.", Our Chicken is brined over night and stuffed with alfalfa and clover hay.  It is then oven roasted and served with fingerling potatoes, baby carrots and squash.  The chicken and a glass of Belle Glos Pinot Noir ($12) is the perfect way to start your weekend.  Please come and see us for brunch.  We serve it Saturday and Sunday from 10:30 am to 3:00 pm.  Have a great weekend and we hope to see you soon., Our review came out in this issue of Boston Magazine.  Here are some of the highlights.  

"You don’t have to care about the provenance of the food served here (though each dish is dated on the menu, usually from when it first became popular) to enjoy it. It’s certainly interesting, for example, that the mussel soup Billi Bi was invented at Maxim’s, in Paris, and named for the American customer William B. Leeds, but all you need to know is that Herritt’s rendition is a superior mussel stew ($14) with a touch of saffron and a beautifully smooth, not-too-creamy broth. You don’t have to concern yourself with the fact that the scallops wrapped in bacon ($14) are inspired by the original Joy of Cooking (which suggests cooking fish on a plank), or that here the wood flavor comes from pork belly braised with actual wood chips, and scallops that at the last minute are heated on a wooden plate. All you need to know? They’re good, fresh scallops wrapped in good, not-too-strong applewood-smoked bacon.

Two other reasons to go are dishes that can appear off-putting as they’re presented on the menu but are excellent nonetheless. The first is the least greasy and possibly most satisfying take on buffalo wings you’ll ever have—tender and lean frogs’ legs ($12) dipped in coarse bread crumbs, fried a mahogany brown, and served with a cayenne-heavy homemade hot sauce, carrot slaw, and, of course, chunks of blue cheese. The second is a great beef “mock turtle” soup ($12) with a deep-flavored, thick broth good enough to be a gravy, shards of fall-off-the-bone-soft meat, and a medley of carrots, potatoes, and peas.", Unlike other restaurants in the South End we offer a dessert menu.  We make all of them in house including house churned ice creams in several flavors.  Here is Kitchen's house made doughnuts.  They come with berry jam, vanilla creme anglaise, and are tossed in cinnamon and sugar.  They are a perfect way to finish or begin a meal., On a cool night nothing hits the spot like our Lamb Pie.  Inside of house made suet dough is braised lamb, stilton cheese, potatoes, peas.  It's constructed and cooked to order.  It comes with an arugula salad on the side dressed with sherry vinaigrette.  It's comfort food at it's best!, Keep us in mind for your next private event.  At Kitchen offer private dining for parties up to 48 people.  If you have any questions feel free to email our party planner at restaurant.events@aol.com, Tonight our featured wine is the 2009 Justin Isosceles.  It is a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc and Merlot.  We offer it by the bottle for $120.00.  We also offer it by the 8oz glass for $40.00 or a 3oz taste for $22.50.  It has a bright fruit beginning and a velvety tannic finish.  Perfect to drink on it's own or with your favorite dish., Tonights featured first course is Scallops wrapped in Bacon, circa 1931.  We wrap applewood smoked bacon around two U-10 scallops.  They are cooked on a cedar plank and served over corn puree with braised pork bellies and a red wine sauce.  Here is owner/chef Scott Herritt's thoughts on this dish.

"The pairing of scallops and bacon go together very well but the key just like everything else on the menu is not to cut corners along the way and blend together components that greater by there combination.  The circa date reference a plank fish recipe that I saw in the original Joy of Cooking which suggested roasting the fish on wood and it made me think that putting the scallop on wood would really raise the taste level.  We also cook the pork belly with wood to tie the flavors together.  I like the to version of pork belly on the plate because it shows how cooking really changes food.  The addition of corn brings an added flavor profile to the dish.", Our review from the Improper Bostonian is in this issue on page 22.  Highlights include the Steak Tartar, Billi Bi, Sole, and Tournedos Rossini.  Stop in for dinner this week.  We take reservations over the phone or via opentable.com.  Thanks to the staff at the Improper!  Cheers., Stop by this weekend have dinner or brunch with us.  We are serving dinner until 10:30pm.  We are serving brunch on Saturday and Sunday between 10:30am and 3:00.  As always the bar will be open until midnight.  Try one of Billy's creation's the barrel aged Negroni.  We barrel age Bombay Gin, Campari, and Vya Sweet Vermouth for eight weeks.  It's stirred, served on the rocks and is garnished with a flamed orange peel.  Cheers!, Venison originally described meat of any game animal killed by hunting.  Venison may be eaten as steaks, tournedos, roasts, sausages, jerky and minced meat. It has a flavor reminiscent of beef, but is richer.  Venison lean is higher in moisture, similar in protein and lower in calories, cholesterol and fat than most cuts of grain-fed beef, pork, or lamb.  Venison has enjoyed a rise in popularity in recent years, owing to the meat's lower fat content.  

Our Venison Sirloin is coffee and cocoa crusted, served on a bed of bacon, lentils, and brussels sprouts surrounded by a cider glaze.  Come enjoy it a la carte or as part of our four course pre-fix menu., Going to the Theatre?  Come for dinner before or dessert's afterwards.  We promise to get you to your show with time to spare., Kitchen will be spinning vinyl all night, our selection ranges from Thelonious Monk, to Van Morrison, to Michael Jackson., Fall is upon us and Kitchen has a new four course Fall Menu.  It consists of......

First:  $12
Pumpkin Soup prepared with house made marshmallows and toasted pumpkin seeds.   

Second:  $12 appetizer or $22 for entree
House made Beet Ravioli stuffed with goat cheese topped with toasted hazelnuts, sage and brown butter.  

Third:  $34
Coffee and cocoa crusted Venison sirloin served on lentils, bacon and brussel sprouts with a cider glaze.

Fourth:  $9
House made Carrot Cake made from bolero carrots, provided to us by our friends at Siena Farms.  It comes with cream cheese icing and rum raisin caramel sauce.

All four courses are $60/person and are also available a la carte., Lobster Thermidor was created in 1894 by Marie's, a Paris restaurant near the theatre Comédie Française, to honour the opening of the play Thermidor by Victorien Sardou. The play took its name from a summer month in the French Republican Calendar, during which the Thermidorian Reaction occurred, overthrowing Robespierre and ending the Reign of Terror.  Due to expensive and extensive preparation involved, Lobster Thermidor is usually considered a recipe primarily for special occasions.  However you don't have to wait for an anniversary to try it ours, why not try it tonight.  Our Thermidor consists of Fresh Lobster, Parisian Gnocchi, Spinach, Mustard, Farmhouse Cheese, Cream and Panko bread crumbs baked on top., Come to Kitchen tonight and try our mushrooms under glass.  Cooking items under glass was very popular in many fine-dining restaurants at the turn of 19th century.  The method allows items to cook in retained heat under the glass dome.  Mushrooms are common in many turn-of-the-century cookbooks to be cooked in this fashion.  I found a reference in James Beard’s American Cookery and that reference started me researching and creating our version of mushrooms under glass.  The addition of oxtail and Eric’s cheddar is unique to restaurant, but utilizing oxtail, an often forgotten part of the animal, is key to most early cookbooks.  The making of cheese is also vital to human development because it creates something with a much longer shelf life than the ingredient milk has.  The glass bell jars are purchased from an English gardening website, Kitchen is serving food until 10:30pm tonight.  Come in and try the Sole, it inspired Julia Childs to dedicate her life to cooking.  What will it inspire you to do?  We have a new brunch menu that we are serving Saturday and Sunday from 10:30am to 3:00pm.  Highlights include Lobster Grits and Biscuits & Gravy.  Cheers., Our review from the Globe came out today, here are some highlights.

"As for lobster Thermidor (1894), it is entirely and excellently over the top. A casserole dish is packed with fresh, properly cooked lobster meat, flour-based gnocchi, and spinach, all bound together with cream and cheese, brightened with mustard and topped with breadcrumbs.

For other fine moments in history, we visit the Old West-inspired pork and beans (1832), a dish of tender Great Northerns with house-made sausage, Harpoon cider-glazed ribs, and a flavor bomb of a meatball (made with pork heart and liver, among other things); Hamburg steak (1850) with Roquefort butter, mushroom gravy, and shoestring fries; and billi bi (1910), a cream soup with plump mussels and garlic bread. Mock turtle soup is a tureen of complex, silky broth created over several days from veal bones, cow's head, caramelized onions, and more. Beef cheek and tongue, cheap substitutes for real turtle when the dish was invented, are perhaps more appealing for modern-day palates. Scattered with peas and carrots, this is a thinner, more-elegant beef stew."

Come by and watch Chef de Cuisine Eric LeBlanc create these amazing dishes!, null, It's one of the last warm nights of the summer.  Come have dinner and drinks on the patio.  We recommend a moscow mule.  We make ours with Russian Standard Platinum vodka and Fever Tree ginger beer., null, Kitchen offers our oysters half price between 5-6pm and 9-10:30pm.  A half dozen is only $8.00.  Stop on by and enjoy some half priced bivalves.

Cold waters. The average temperatures in Wellfleet’s estuaries are colder than those in more southerly waters. Cold water temperatures slow down the oysters’ metabolisms, helping them store compounds called glycogens, a process akin to carbo-loading, that make the oysters sweeter tasting.

High salinity. The salinity in Wellfleet Harbor is also relatively high (28 parts per thousand) compared to the more brackish waters of, for example, upper Chesapeake Bay. Experienced tasters find that oysters that form in saltier waters tend to have a cleaner, sharper flavor., null, null)