List(null, Easter Weekend: Friday-7am-10pm, Saturday 7am-10pm, Sunday 7am-3pm, St. Patrick's Day Specials- available all week , boiled dinner, Irish breakfast, Shepard's Pie... Come on in and enjoy with a choice of beer!, It's Pi Day, so come on in from the cold rain and enjoy a warm slice or two, with or without your favorite topping. #PiDay, Bellissimo! Mimosa and fried calamari., True LOVE!!! 💝💝💝🤗🤗 Served up by Sassy Sarah!, UMMMM-MMMMM-MMMMM!, Ol' Man Winter (is that sexist) ain't done with us just yet. So come on down for hot bowl of chili, nice home-cooked chicken, whatever your heart desires. Beer, wine, if you're old enough — all kinds of tea, hot chocolate, cold drinks, to boot. And desserts!, It's going to be a cold one tomorrow, if you plan to come in for Valentine's brunch, call ahead and add your name to the list. Once you get to the diner, leave your cell number and wait in your car or the store and we will let you know when your table is ready. We hope to warm you and your sweeties with some coffee, tea, hot cocoa, warm pancakes or Eggs Benedict!  Or come see us for Valentine's dinner, breakfast served all day but also great dinner options too., Our own in this lovely video https://youtu.be/BIapO5-lUWo, Yum-o! Cooking up a storm tonight, without the storm! #FineDinering, Heartbreaking loss tonight, but thank you, Patriots, for a helluva ride. There's always next year. Meanwhile, come drown your sorrows and enjoy #FineDinering with your Pats pals at the Diner., https://www.facebook.com/bostonherald/videos/10153887704241600/, We are blessed with the best friends and family. Here's what Holli Andrews had to say about our sister site, the Deluxe Depot Diner. As they say, it takes a village... Thanks so much, Holli, and everyone who makes us who we are — a family-friendly place where everyone counts, because we all matter., null, Closing at 3pm today and all day tomorrow. Merry Christmas from Your DTD family!, Handmade!, Are you ready for this?!?, Peace on earth! #FineDinering, Tired of all that holiday food? (Fess up, you know you're reaching your caloric limits and your blood sugar levels are off the charts.) C'mon down to the Diner for some healthy #FineDinering!, If you like the Watertown Deluxe Town Diner, our *sister* spot, c'mon over to Framingham and check us out — like, tonight! (Or anytime, for that matter. We'd love to see you!), null, null, Sharing the yum tonight! #FineDinering #HappyHappy, Ummm-mmmm!, Aimin' to PLEASE! #HappyHappy  #FineDinering, Don't forget to #ShopSmall on #SmallBizSaturday, and support your local economy!, null, Wishing all of you and your loved ones a blessed Thanksgiving of personalized #FineDinering. We're so grateful for your friendship and support!, We are closed Thanksgiving Day, Happy Election Day! Things to do: (1) Vote. (2) Be kind. (3) Stop by for some nourishment. #ExerciseYourFranchise #FeedYourSoul, Mmm-mmmm MMMMMMM! The joint is jumpin', the griddle is hot, and everybody's happy tonight. #FineDinering, Hungry for some great food? Come on down!, Have a great day! #PancakeSmileyFace, Umm-mmm good! All-day breakfast, plus delish lunch and dinner dishes, here in Watertown. Come on down!, Come join us this holiday weekend and have your favorite diner food.  Call ahead to add your name to the list and cut your wait time :), What a great story! See how it unfolds... We're delighted to be a part of it!, This Labor Day weekend kicks off our 2-week Grand Opening Celebration for the Deluxe Depot Diner, over in Framingham at the newly-renovated H.H. Richardson train station. We're calling it a #LaborOfLove. If you haven't been there, you're missing out on a cool experience — so go take a look, and use this coupon to save 20 percent off your food purchase (liquor doesn't qualify) in the process!, All locations open regular hours during the holiday weekend.  We also have waffles back during brunch hours, 7am-4pm during Saturday, Sunday and holidays! Hope to see you all soon!, We couldn't agree more., null, So very very powerful. Best candidate signs we've seen. Wonder where we can get them?, Come on, you know you want some of this...., FYI: Here's a summary of the #FutureOfFood Twitter chat this afternoon. Enjoy!, null, Or our "foodprint"!, null, null, null, null, null, Pretty awesome new initiative launched by IBM and Mars, null, null, null, null, Kudos to IBM for taking food seriously!, null, null, In response to Q8 for @NatGeoFood: Which food trends have your readers excited right now? #FutureOfFood, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Isn't this great? Hey, Watertown, how can we do this?, null, null, null, Anyone in the mood for a frappe??, Framingham location only: bring your kids on Tuesdays and Thursdays for the rest of the summer and they eat for $2-- any choice from the kid's menu after 4pm! (12 and under), Now here's something you don't see every day. "A coupla sailors come into the diner..." Only in this case, they're from the U.S.S. Constitution, and moseyed over to Watertown for lunch. Even though Old Ironsides is in drydock, SOMEBODY's got to take care of it — and somebody's got to take care of them!, null, The Depot now has air conditioning, we apologize for the delay but it's working now! Other locations also are AC ;), Come try out our newest location, Deluxe Depot Diner in downtown Framingham! Let your friends "out West" know. It has a full bar and our same great menu in such a beautiful setting. Check it out!, Vote for our pancakes!, We are open today, special dinner specials available after 4pm, Celebrating Easter this Sunday? We are open regular hours., https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=10153183498124138, If you are home at the moment, our newest location- Deluxe Depot Diner in Framingham will be featured on Phantom Gourmet, on right now!!, Not tonight because we close in a few, but for the next 2 weeks, come on down and get a Corned Beef Boiled  dinner, Beef Stew or Shepards Pie and make believe you traveled across the sea in celebration of St. Patrick-- we don't have Guinness but a nice Brooklyn Brown or Smuttynose IPA would be a nice addition to your meal., Heard it's National Pancake Day! Come out in the wonderful sun and enjoy some at DTD!, We may have a little snow/rain coming this weekend, but don't let it stop you from getting these--, As of now we have not been able to open, call later to check 617-926-8400. Good thing for a long weekend, get your diner fix tomorrow!, Decision of whether we are open on Sunday will be decided in the morning, stay tuned.... Happy Valentine's Day, make sure to spread some love to those that may need it most., We are closed today unfortunately due to that white stuff falling from the sky, but we will dig out and open up tomorrow--regular hours, Snow is going to taper off till later tonight, so whether you walk or drive-- and when safe to do so, we'd love to see you today and warm you up with coffee, pancakes, omelettes, soup, turkey dinners, or if you so please a Frappe ;). Hope to see you soon!, Due to snow, closing at 3pm today., We will be closed tomorrow, Tuesday January 27th due to the blizzard.  Stay safe everyone!, All locations closing early tomorrow at 3pm New Year's Eve, but will be open normal hours on New Year's Day.  Happy New Years from your favorite diner family!, More great news... the new updated website is up, check it out at deluxetowndiner.com
It has info on all 3 locations plus the menu! Woohoo, So here is the news, Framingham will open to the public tomorrow, Thursday Dec 11th! Please let us get out the kinks and be patient as all new staff is being trained. However, we know that you will enjoy the space tremendously and of course the food! The phone # is   508-872-6400.  Hope to see you there! 417 Waverly St Framingham, Ma, Warm up tonight with our Fisherman's Stew - lots of lobster, haddock, clams and salmon.Served with a side salad and toasted ciabatta roll., Come in tonight and try one of our dinner specials: Jambalaya, Beef Tacos, Falafel and Butternut Squash Salad or our Sausage and Slaw  Plate!, Don't forget to join us for breakfast tomorrow! Pancakes always make rainy Saturday's better!, Need a Holiday gift? Stop in, or call in an order, for mugs, t-shirts, pancake mix and gift cards!!, Are you ready Framingham?, We are hiring, servers, hosts, managers, bartenders at all 3 locations, message for details., Our Framingham location is in the last few weeks of preparing to open.  We are going to start looking for servers, hosts and bartenders for this location.  Send a PM and I will give you the contact name and number.  Full time and part time available!, We are looking for weekend hosting help, some restaurant experience nice but can train the right person. Opportunity to grow into server position likely. Contact Joanna at 617-926-8400., Framingham in the works...., New website up...still working on it, don't have all the graphics, but for a first timer...not too shabby! Let me know what you think
www.deluxetowndiner.com, The Deluxe Town Diner website is under construction, the current menu is not available online, but the outdated one is still on there as is the Station drink menu...stay tuned for the updated version, Those of you waiting in breath for the Deluxe Depot Diner opening in Framingham.... Looking at hopefully a end of June opening!, Diner open all weekend, breakfast, lunch and dinner-- join us for Easter and Patriot's day, Planning ahead for the long weekend? The diner will be open all weekend, including all day Easter. Give us a call ahead if you want  
on your way and add your name to the list., We have rolled out a new menu, come on in and see... But don't worry, all the favorites are still there but with some new additions like a few new sandwiches and dinner options.  Hope to see you soon!, Some new dinner specials available right now... Shepard's pie, beef stew, eggplant meatballs, sole piccata, fish tacos, pot roast and jambalaya, haven't posted too much to this site lately, like a year...oh well!  The Deluxe Town Diner is still rolling out your favorite breakfast items, and there are seasonal specials available for dinner.  Come on down!, New dinner specials... Lobster roll, fisherman's platter, fish tacos (very delish!), heirloom caprese salad and a few more!  Come on in anytime after 4 pm to try!, The diner will be open 7am-3pm on the 4th of Juy, have a great holiday!, Have you checked out the new seating?  Adjustments are still going to be made and the cushions will be there eventually...but oh what a difference :)  Come check it out for yourself!, New booths going in, no more duct tape stuck on you after eating your yummy Diner meal!, The station is open!, The Deluxe Station Diner in Newton will be open by next weekend--thursday looks like opening day, and it lools amazing!, The Deluxe Station Diner restaurant is underway, stay posted:
there is a short video clip with a voice over of the Owner if your interested:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soA0tc14KoU, One day sale on groupon.com, buy the coupon tomorrow and use it anytime in the next year! An amazing deal, sign up at groupon.com location Boston., demolition done and construction has begun on the new Deluxe Station Diner in Newton, it turns out the guy that finished 9th in the marathon for men's elite was at the diner with his family, while they enjoyed dessert he had a banana smoothie!, Open for Easter dinner, everyone is welcome!, Dinner specials are now up to date on the Diner's homepage!  Beer list and monthly dinner specials and Menu is @ www.deluxetowndiner.com)