List(null, It's BINGO Tuesday! Come play a few rounds of Mike's Extreme Bingo tonight starting at 8:30 PM!

there are prizes for every round, & it's free to join!, Warm up on this rainy day with a Grilled Cheese & Tomato Soup, Easter is this Sunday! Join us for some of our delicious Easter specials! http://greenbriarpub.com/menus#easter, The Madness continues on! Don't miss out on any of the Sweet 16 games!, Pizza, the Irish way: with mashed potatoes, irish bacon & cheddar cheese!, Don't miss out on our newest weekly event - Mike's Extreme Bingo combines regular bingo with music & videos!

There are winners every round, & it's free to play! 

See you here at 8:30!, null, Get to know our head Chef Elizabeth!, null, It's a great night for some pool with friends, don't you think?, Who's hungry?, We started St. Patrick's Day with a performance by students of the Dunleavy Shaffer School of Irish Dance. 

Keep the celebration going and join us this weekend for 6 Nations Rugby, March Madness games, and extended menu specials!, plus visits from our friends at Guinness and Bud Light., St. Paddys Lineup:

Live music 1:30-8pm 
Step Dancers 1pm 
DJ 8pm

And of course, plenty of corned beef & Guinness!, Happy St. Patrick's Day from all of us here at The Green Briar!

May your day be filled with plenty of pints & good times, Sláinte!, null, Looking for a spot to watch Official GAA games? We've got you covered!, There's no better way to celebrate St. Paddy's than with some Corned Beef & Cabbage, which we're offering all week long!

On Thursday we will have live Irish Music from 1:30 to 8 PM from Lake Shore Drive!, TONIGHT

Don't miss out on our first night of Bingo with Mike's Extreme Bingo starting at 8:30 PM!, Did you know we have the longest running Irish seisiun in Boston? 

Grab some Corned Beef & Cabbage and enjoy the music starting at 7 PM!, BINGO!

Join us every Tuesday at 8:30 for Mike's Extreme Bingo! There's prizes for every round & we have some special Irish themed rounds, just in time for St. Patrick's Day!, There's no better way to spend your Sunday than out in our beer garden!, Keep the St. Patrick's Day festivities going - join us for Irish Seisiun, Extreme Bingo - Irish Edition, live music, step dancers & traditional Irish fare (corned beef & cabbage, anyone??) all week long- http://www.greenbriarpub.com/entertainment. Sláinte!, Tonight is the night!! 

You could be our next big winner & on your way to Ireland for FREE! 

Just make sure to RSVP & join us tonight starting at 8 PM! http://bit.ly/irelandtrip16, Grab some dinner & then join us for a few rounds of Questionnairey tonight starting 9 PM!, Tomorrow is the big day!! You could be on your way to Ireland - all you have to do is RSVP! http://bit.ly/irelandtrip16, Our beer garden is open today! Join us for a cold pint or two, Want more entries for our Ireland Trip Giveaway Party this Friday? Tag us on Instagram (@thegreenbriar) or Twitter (@greenbriarpub) with #sendmetoireland with a Guinness - it's that easy! 

Haven't RSVPd yet?  http://bit.ly/irelandtrip16, RBS 6 Nations is back this weekend! 

We will open at 8AM on 3/12, so don't miss out on any of the action!, We are hiring! 

We are looking to hire door staff & hosts for the summer. Click the link below if you're interested or know anyone who is!, Starting Tuesday, March 15th, join us for Extreme Bingo, hosted by Mike's Extreme Bingo! http://greenbriarpub.com/entertainment/date/2016-03-15, Ever wanted to go to Ireland?

We are giving away a FREE trip this Friday night, March 11th! 

All you have to do is RSVP to be entered to win! http://bit.ly/irelandtrip16, Still looking for a place to watch #UFC196? 

Get tickets: bit.ly/gbufc196, Flash back Friday to our 2011 Ireland Trip Winner's priceless reaction!

Think this year could be your year? RSVP & join us on March 11th to see if you will be on your way to Ireland! http://bit.ly/irelandtrip16, null, Anyone up for a few games of pool?, Have you gotten your tickets yet for the McGregor Diaz fight this Saturday? http://bit.ly/gbufc196, Who wants a FREE trip to Ireland?

All you have to do is RSVP & join us on 3/11 for your chance to win! http://bit.ly/irelandtrip16, Nachos & Trivia go so well together. Join us for a few rounds (and plates) starting at 8:30pm!, Looking for place to watch McGregor Diaz fight? We've got you covered!

Tickets are $10: http://bit.ly/gbufc196, Want to win a FREE trip to Ireland? 

All you have to do is RSVP & join us for our Trip Giveaway Party on 3/11! http://bit.ly/irelandtrip16, Who doesn't love a good pizza?, Our French Toast is a great way to start your Sunday morning!

Join us for brunch from 9am to 1pm!, Looking for something fun to do tonight? We've got live music from Darcy Dawn & Company tonight! 

Ladies are in free before 10 PM, so get here early!, Come watch RBS 6 Nations games with us this Friday & Saturday!, Who's feeling lucky? 

Our Ireland Trip giveaway is back & one lucky winner is getting a FREE trip to Ireland!!

RSVP & learn more: http://bit.ly/irelandtrip16, Looking for something fun to do tonight? Grab some dinner & then stay for a few rounds of Trivia starting at 8:30 PM!, This weekend we are excited to have Darcy Dawn & Company play some great tunes for us! There will be a $5 cover, but ladies are in FREE before 10 PM!

Fun starts at 9 PM!, Nothing like a good beef stew to fill you up!, Start your Sunday off with a great Irish breakfast! 

We serve brunch from 9am to 1pm!, Looking for a place to watch RBS 6 Nations? 

We've got you covered!, We had a great time at the Boston Chili Cup last night supporting Community Work Services & our sister pub Ned Devine's Irish Pub!, Happy Chili Cup day!! We are so excited to show off our pork chili & take home the big prize!

Tickets are still available at: bit.ly/chili16, UFC Fans! Come watch McGregor take on dos Anjos on March 5th! Tickets are $10: http://bit.ly/gbufc197, Happy Chili Cup Week! 

We're competing in this Thursday's event at Ned Devine's Irish Pub - if you haven't gotten your ticket already - today is the day! 

Use code REDWHITEANDCHILI for 50% off tickets! 
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/7th-annual-boston-chili-cup-tickets-20427934502

#presidentsdaysale, We've got a DJ every Friday & Saturday night playing all the best songs! The fun starts at 9 PM!, Share the love!

Starting tomorrow, we've got some delicious Valentine's Day specials! http://greenbriarpub.com/menus#valentines-day-weekend-specials, It's Trivia Night!! Grab your friends & come play a few rounds with us!, Little bored tonight? Come play some pool! We also have darts available too. (goes great with a cold beer), We can't wait to compete in the Boston Chili Cup on 2/18! 

If you haven't gotten your tickets yet, use the code "snowday" for HALF PRICE tickets! http://bit.ly/chili16, Happy Super Bowl Sunday!! 

We've got plenty of TVs, a big projector & HALF PRICE pizzas for the big game!

Come watch with us!, Don't forget - we're showing the following matches for RBS 6 Nations!, Not sure what to do for dinner tonight! We are serving up a great BBQ Pork Chop dinner special & a chocolate cake for dessert!

Stop in & warm up from the snow!, Are you looking for a new full time or part time job in the restaurant industry? 

Interested in working in Boston this summer through the J1 visa program? 

Join us Tuesday, February 9th at the Spencer Hotel in Dublin for The Briar Group's recruiting event!, Join us for Plant Nite! Come create your own succulents while enjoying some cocktails!, Love is in the air in Brighton! Check out the specials we are serving up for Valentine's Day weekend! http://greenbriarpub.com/menus#valentines-day-weekend-specials, RBS 6 Nations is back & we are the best place to watch all of the games!

Join us this Saturday & Sunday!, Who's ready for the Super Bowl?! 

We're offering HALF OFF our Cheese & Pepperoni Pizzas from 5-7 PM!, Who's coming for some Trivia tonight?, Come create the perfect Valentine's Day gift over cocktails with us & Paint Nite Boston tonight!

You can create 3 3D Lovepop Cards!, CONTEST TIME!

No plans for the big game yet?

You could win a VIP Super Bowl Party for you & 20 of your friends here at the Green Briar! With prime seating & apps its the best way to catch all the action!

Enter to win by Liking this post & we will pick a winner on Friday!

Check out our Twitter (@greebriarpub) & Instagram (@thegreenbriar) pages for even more chances to win!, One year ago today!, Our corned beef Rachel is packed with corned beef, Swiss cheese, cole slaw & Russian dressing, We're IN for the Boston Chili Cup! Come cheer us on (while eating a whole lot of chili) on Thursday, February 18th! 

Ticket presale ends this Friday, so get them today!! http://bit.ly/chili16, Join us for a special event with Paint Nite Boston! 

Enjoy some cocktails while you create your very own 3D Lovepop Cards, just in time for Valentine's Day! http://bit.ly/lovepopgb, Let's go Pats! Come cheer them on as they take on the Broncos then stick around to catch the Cardinals play the Panthers!, Anyone up for a slice or two?, Grab some dinner & then stick around to hear some music for our Traditional Irish Seisiun! Music starts at 7PM!, We love weekends like this.....come enjoy some good food & cold brews with us!, Cheer on the Pats as the take on the Chiefs at 4:35 PM! 

We've got plenty of TVs, cold beer & aps!, Pizza & trivia - our favorite combination. 

Join us starting at 8:30 PM & play a few rounds!, We can't wait for Saturday!! #GoPats, The Divisional Championship games are going down this weekend, who's ready to come watch with us?, Love chili? Join us at the Boston Chili Cup as we compete for the title of chili cup champion on February 18th at Ned Devine's Irish Pub! 

All proceeds go to help Community Work Services! 

Tickets: http://bit.ly/chili16, The College National Championship game is on tonight! Come watch to see if Alabama or Clemson take the title home!, Not sure what to do for lunch? How about a classic fish & chips?, Come enjoy a few pints while watching some playoff football!, Brunch makes everything better! Enjoy our brunch specials until 1 pm!, There are some awesome matchups tomorrow for the NFL playoffs!

We are the best place to watch, with plenty of TVs, cold beer & food!, Didn't have your Holiday party last month? There are still plenty of dates left in January! http://greenbriarpub.com/events, null, Get a little musical for your Monday - our traditional Irish Seisiun is tonight at 7PM!, Join us for our Sunday brunch from 10am to 1pm!, The ideal kind of Saturday, don't you think?, We had a blast with you last night! Thanks for ringing in 2016 with us and a special thank you to Stereo Love for rocking the house! Happy New Year!, Pretzels, beer, & trivia - the perfect combo!

Come play a few rounds starting at 8:30PM!, Favors, champagne toast & live music - there's no better way to celebrate NYE!

Get tickets: bit.ly/GBNYE16, Ring in 2016 at the Biggest Bash in Brighton! 

Join over 350 other guest as we celebrate with music from Stereo Love: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/new-years-eve-2016-party-at-the-green-briar-tickets-19755201339

Few photos from last year: 
https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10155063064940026.1073741844.465329490025&type=3, null, Okay guys, time to get serious about your New Year's Eve plans! 

We have limited tickets available for our event... get them while they last! https://www.eventbrite.com/e/new-years-eve-2016-party-at-the-green-briar-tickets-19755201339, Happy Holidays from all of us here at the Green Briar! We are closed & wish you a safe & happy holiday!, We're pouring pints until 4 PM, join us!, Our gift cards are the perfect stocking stuffer! http://greenbriarpub.com/giftcards, Ring in 2016 with us & Stereo Love! Get your tickets here: http://bit.ly/GBNYE16, Today is the last day to get HALF OFF NYE tickets! http://bit.ly/GBNYE16, Love Family Feud & Trivia? Questionnairey combines both those in a fun new way! Come play starting at 9 PM!, Who doesn't love a good pizza? Grab a pie & join us for some trivia tonight at 8:30!, Anyone up for some pool tonight? We also have darts too!, Cozy up with some good comfort food, like a burger & beer!, Ring in the New Year with us! Tickets are half-off until this Friday! http://bit.ly/GBNYE16, Thank you to everyone who stopped by for Brunch with Santa, and a big thank you to those who donated to support the Franciscan Hospital for Children!, Santa is one popular guy! Catch him here until 1 pm!, Good morning! 

Children of all ages are welcome to join us for our Santa Brunch today from 11am to 1pm!, Due to the UFC event we are hosting, we will be closing at 7 PM and reopening at 8 PM.

Tickets for this event will still be available at the door., Tonight's the night for UFC 194!! Come watch Conor McGregor take on Jose Aldo on what is sure to be a fight to remember.

Get your tickets online now: bit.ly/GB_FightNite, We've got 5 reasons why you absolutely can't miss out on our UFC watch party tomorrow night! Get tickets: http://bit.ly/GB_FightNite, Our Santa Brunch this Sunday is BostInno approved! Don't forget to bring a new, unwrapped toy to donate to the Franciscan Hospital for Children! 

RSVP: http://bit.ly/SantaBrunch15, Who's getting excited for the UFC fight happening this Saturday night? 

Come watch Conor McGregor take on Jose Aldo with us starting at 8 PM! Get tickets: http://bit.ly/GB_FightNite, null, Grab a pizza & some beer, it's Trivia Night! Join in on the fun starting at 8:30!, Ring in the new year with us! With live music from Stereo Love, favors & a champagne toast, it's sure to be a great night! 

Tickets are HALF off until 12/18!! http://bit.ly/GBNYE16, Be here for the biggest UFC fight between Jose Aldo and Conor McGregor on 12/12!! 

Get your tickets today! http://bit.ly/GB_FightNite, Santa is coming to the Briar!! Don't miss out on a fun photo op with the big guy himself while enjoying some brunch! 

Make sure to bring an unwrapped toy to be donated to the Franciscan Hospital for Children! http://bit.ly/SantaBrunch15, Pretzels, beer & trivia. All things that could be happening for you tonight! Join us starting at 8:30 PM!, We still have some spots available for your holiday party! Whether it's a luncheon or cocktail party, we can help you plan the perfect event! http://greenbriarpub.com/events, null, Have you gotten your tickets yet to the biggest UFC fight of the year? Don't miss out!! http://bit.ly/GB_FightNite, Our pals Anthem Kitchen had a blast with Paint Nite Boston building and decorating gingerbread houses!

We're hosting our own party TONIGHT! There are very few ticket's left, so get them now!! http://bit.ly/1HilQIe, ICYMI - We've got pizza! With 5 different kinds, there's a slice for everyone!, Join us on Wednesday, December 3rd for our Gingerbread House party! Come decorate your own gingerbread house while sipping some fun cocktails! http://bit.ly/1Mk2pNW, Santa is coming to the Briar! Come hang with the big guy while enjoying some brunch! http://bit.ly/SantaBrunch15, Nothing like a bowl of our award winning chowder!, Let's go Notre Dame! We are Notre Dame Club of Boston's official watch party spot! 

Come join us!, We wish you all a very happy Thanksgiving! 

We are closed for the holiday, but if you're looking for a place to go, check out our sister pubs: Gather MJ O'Connor's MJ O'Connor's Waterfront, Trivia is cancelled for tonight, but we will have a DJ spinning all your favorite songs! So come dance the night away before all the turkey!, We wanted to give a big congrats to our new executive chef, Elizabeth Rojas! 

We're also excited to announce that we now serve pizzas! Stop in today for a few slices!, Have you gotten your ticket yet to watch the biggest UFC fight? http://bit.ly/GB_FightNite, Still looking for a great spot for your Holiday Party? We can help make it an event to remember! http://greenbriarpub.com/events, Good luck to Notre Dame Football as they take on Boston College Football at Fenway Park! 

If you didn't get tickets to the game, come watch with us!, Come watch the biggest fight in the UFC with us! Tickets are only $20! http://bit.ly/GB_FightNite, Mark your calendars! The big guy himself is going to be stopping here on 12/13 for some brunch! RSVP here: http://bit.ly/SantaBrunch15, We partnering up with Paint Nite to bring you a one of a kind event this holiday season - Gingerbread House making!!

Come get some cocktails & make your dream house with us!

Use the code "snow" to get $15 off your ticket! http://bit.ly/1Mk2pNW, We will be closed today for renovations, sorry for any inconveniences!, Don't miss out on UFC's Featherweight Title fight with Jose Aldo & Conor McGregor on Saturday, December 12! 

Tickets are $20, get them now before they're gone! https://www.eventbrite.com/e/aldo-vs-mcgregor-watch-party-tickets-19515130280, Don't forget to get your tickets for our Plant Nite event on November 20!, The holiday season is here! Reserve your luncheon, cocktail party or dinner with us! greenbriarpub.com/events, So we'll see you at 8:30 right?, We've got dinner tonight., Shop & support Brighton Main Streets tomorrow!, Not sure what to do tonight? Come play a few rounds of questionnairey with us starting at 9 PM!

(It goes perfect with some apps & cold beer), Support Brighton Main Streets  next week!, Thanks to everyone who joined us & made the night so great! You never know who's going to drop in on Halloween - Ariel, Minions, Rufio, Khalessi - we loved all the amazing costumes! Special shout out to Cover Me Badd who rocked the house!, Thanks to everyone who joined us & made the night so great! You never know who's going to drop in on Halloween - Ariel, Minions, Rufio, Khalessi - we loved all the amazing costumes! Special shout out to Cover Me Badd who rocked the house!, Halloween was pretty awesome, right?

We've got brunch waiting for you - now until 1 PM!, Who's got their ticket for our Halloween party on Saturday night? Live music from Cover Me Badd and a costume contest!! http://bit.ly/HalloweenGB, In honor of the Pats game tonight, we are cancelling Questionnairey - instead, come cheer on the Patriots against the Dolphins!! Kick off is at 8:30!, We're getting closer to the Finals for Rugby World Cup!! 

Come watch Argentina vs Australia in the Semi-Finals tomorrow at noon!!, With live music from Cover Me Badd & a $300 prize for best costume, we are the best place to be for Halloween!! Get your tickets now! http://bit.ly/HalloweenGB, Have you gotten your tickets to Brighton Main Streets gala? 

We'll be there with our delicious clam chowder! Don't miss out on this great night!, Come grab some apps & play trivia with us starting at 8 PM!, Dinner anyone?, Hey Everyone!

We are doing some fall cleaning today, so we will be closed until 2 PM - we're sorry for any inconvenience, but we hope to see you later on today!, It's almost Halloween!! Come party with us & Cover Me Badd!! http://bit.ly/HalloweenGB, Come watch Notre Dame Football take on USC!, Big matches going down this weekend for the Rugby World Cup! 

Come watch with us! (there is a $20 cover), It's a beautiful day, why not enjoy it in our Beer Garden?, Let's go Notre Dame Football!! See you here tomorrow at 3:30!, It's almost Halloween!! Come party with us & Cover Me Badd!! 

http://bit.ly/HalloweenGB, Don't forget to grab your tickets for  Brighton Main Streets Gala on October 23rd!, null, Feeling a salad? We can't get enough of our Southwest Chicken salad with red pepper & corn salsa!, Don't forget Notre Dame Fighting Irish Athletics Fans!

We're the best spot to watch ND take on Clemson tomorrow night starting at 8 PM!, Rainy day blues? Make it better with our chowder., With a large open fireplace & four seperate dining spaces, we are the perfect spot for your Holiday Party! 

Let us help make it an event to remember! http://greenbriarpub.com/events, Come watch Notre Dame take on UMass with your fellow Fighting Irish fans tomorrow afternoon!, Don't forget - we're the best place to be to watch Rugby World Cup matches!! Check out the next few games we have coming up!, Let us do the cooking tonight, Let's go Notre Dame Fighting Irish Athletics!! Kick-off is at 3:30 PM!, Looking for a spot to watch Rugby World Cup matches? Check out the game we'll be showing!!, Who's pumped up for the Boston College vs Florida State University game tonight? 

If you're looking for a good spot for pre & post game fun, we've got you covered with plenty of good food & drinks to go around!, There are still some tickets left for our Paint Nite event tonight!, The Official GAA finals are here this Sunday!! Don't miss out!, There's a little chill in the air, but nothing a beer or two can't help with! Our beer garden is the perfect spot to relax after a long day., Florida State University takes on Boston College Friday, September 18 at 8 PM & we have your tickets to see the game!

"Like" this post for your chance to win a pair of tickets, plus dinner & drinks from us beforehand! We'll pick the winner this Thursday night!, Who's ready for the Rugby World Cup?! Check out the upcoming matches that we will be showing starting this Friday!!, It's a beautiful day for some live music in the Brighton Common! 

Join us for this free show, we're hanging out with our cornhole boards now until 7!, Looking for something fun & local to do tomorrow? 

Brighton Main Streets is hosting a concert from 3-7 PM, & we'll be there with our cornhole boards!

Plus, you can come hang out with us after the shows!, Don't miss out on these great games this weekend!!, These tickets could be yours! Stop by for some dinner & drinks and enter for your chance to win! 

Go Eagles!, Calling all our Notre Dame Football Fans! 

Come watch as they take on UVA this Saturday! 

Kick off is a 3:30 PM!, FOOTBALL IS BACK! Come catch the season opener tonight at 8:30 - we've got all the best foods & drinks you need to snack on as you cheer on the Patriots!!, Anyone else as excited as we are for the big game tomorrow?

Come watch the reining Super Bowl champs as they take on the Steelers tomorrow night at 8:30 PM!!, Not sure what to do for lunch? We've got a great selection of wraps, salads & more!, What are you up to this weekend? Brighton Main Streets is hosting a great concert with some local bands from 3-7 PM!

We'll be there with our cornhole boards, plus we're the official after party spot!

Hope to see you there!, Enjoy an amazing Irish Breakfast while catching a few Official GAA games today!, You, our beer garden + an ice cold drink = a perfect Saturday., Who's coming this weekend to watch Official GAA games?, College Football is Back!!!

Big Fan of  Notre Dame Football? We've got you covered! Come hang with your fellow Fighting Irish and enjoy our $5 bar menu throughout the game!, Let's Go Eagles!! 

Enter to win tickets to the home opener, all you have to do is stop in from 6-10 PM tonight to enter our raffle!, What are you up to tonight? 

RadioBDC & Coors Light will be here from 10-12 bumping some great tunes from their "So Long, Summer 2015" set., Lots of great Official GAA games happening this weekend!!, ICYMI

Our Trivia Nights have moved to Wednesdays!! Come grab a beer and a few apps, fun starts at 8!, null, Welcome back Eagles!! 

Thanks for coming out last night and making it a great night!

See you next Tuesday!, It's a perfect night to be on the patio!, DON'T MISS OUT

Huge Semi-Final Official GAA games happening tomorrow morning!, We've got your chance to win tickets to see Kenny Chesney & Jason Aldean on Friday night from 10-11 PM thanks to Corona!!, Looking for a place to watch English Premier League games? 

We're showing the following games this weekend:, College football is back next weekend! We're the home for all Notre Dame Football!! 

RSVP: https://www.facebook.com/events/1644584792487910/, Are you looking for a job? We're hiring! Come see us at the Briar Group Job Fair on 9/2 from 3-7 PM to learn more! http://bit.ly/BGjobfair15, Who's coming by to watch these awesome Official GAA games this Sunday?, Want to know what goes perfect with our fried pickles?

Beer and Trivia! Come play a few rounds starting at 8 PM!, See you tomorrow morning for these Official GAA games!, If you're looking for an extra kick in your burger you've got to try our ancho burger! It's go avocado, pepper jack cheese & grilled corn salsa!, Looking for a place to host your Fantasy Football Draft? Book with us! http://greenbriarpub.com/events, null, Don't miss out these great Official GAA matches!!, Stop in for some dinner, then join us for our Traditional Irish Seisiun starting at 7 PM!, This is our kind of Saturday night...., Don't miss out on these Official GAA matches happening this weekend!, There are still tickets left for our Paint Nite event tonight! Come have a drink & make your own masterpiece!, We are big supporters of the Mystic River Rugby Club and wish them the best of luck in the finals!, Who's coming to play some cornhole tonight? Tournament starts at 8:30 PM!, We've got another round of great Official GAA games happening this weekend! Here's a list of what we're showing, and there is a $20 cover., Did you know we offer brunch on Sundays? Join us from 10 PM to 3 PM!, This could be your view tonight..., What are you doing tonight? Come join us and our awesome DJ for a night of dancing to some great tunes! Fun starts at 9 PM, Looking to watch some Official GAA games? We've got you covered! There is a $20 cover to watch these games., null, Pool lovers rejoice! We got a second pool table! A rainy day like today is the perfect time to check it out., our Ancho burger is packed with so many flavors! Ancho dry rub, pepper jack cheese, grilled corn salsa, & avocado - so good., Don't miss out on all the Official GAA action happening today!, Don't forget to come watch Official GAA games all weekend long! There is a $20 cover to view the games., Only a few tickets left for our Paint Nite event tomorrow!! Get your tickets before they're gone! https://www.paintnite.com/pages/venueevents/view/boston/6, Looking for a place to watch Official GAA games? We've got you covered! Check out the games we'll be showing this weekend:, Beat the summer heat with a cold brew in our beer garden! We also have a great $5 bar menu from 3-6 PM!, Join us tonight for our Irish Seisiun! Music starts at 7 PM, No plans for tonight? Come here Timmy Brown play some great country tunes tonight starting at 9 PM!, Don't miss out on these awesome Official GAA games happening today!, Don't miss out on Official GAA games happening here all weekend long!, Who can say no to BBQ?, We are the best place to catch all your Official GAA action!

We've got matches happening all weekend long!, Test out your random knowledge tonight with a few rounds of Trivia! Fun starts at 8 PM!, TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT! Don't miss Conor McGregor taking on Chad Mendes in the interim title fight! Tickets are $10, get them now!! bit.ly/GB_UFC, Who's watching Official GAA games with us today? There will also be games happening tomorrow as well. Come watch with us!, Official GAA Fans! We've got games happening all weekend long, hope to see you here with us!, Who's ready to watch some UFC? We're hosting a party as McGregor Takes on Mendes in the interim title fight this Saturday night! Tickets are only $10: bit.ly/GB_UFC, No plans for your Wednesday? Come grab some dinner & stick around for a few rounds of cornhole starting at 8 PM!, Looking for a place to watch Official GAA games? Come watch with us this weekend! There is a $20 cover charge for the games., It's UFC Fight Week and we are counting down the days until the big fight - It's Conor McGregor & Chad Mendes in the interim title fight this Saturday night!!

Tickets to see this fight are $10, so get them now before they're gone! http://bit.ly/GB_UFC, Our southwest chicken salad has got just the right kick with roasted red peppers & corn salsa, and is perfect as a wrap too!, Make sure to stop in & cheer on the U.S. Soccer Team in the World Cup tonight at 7 PM, Happy 4th of July! We will be open starting at 5, so come join us in celebrating our stars & stripes! We will have a DJ playing all your favorite tunes starting at 9 PM!, Today is a perfect day for a pint on the patio! 

We will also have questionnairey starting at 8 PM!, The US Women's Soccer team takes on Germany tonight at 7 PM, come watch with us!, Mix up your Sunday night & come listen to some great live country music from Alec Mac Music! Music starts at 8:30, with some awesome drink specials!, Looking for a spot to watch Official GAA matches? We've got you covered! Check out the schedule below to see all the matches we will be showing this weekend!, A beautiful day like today is meant to be spent in our beer garden! We also have awesome $5 food specials from 3-6!!, Let's go Team USA!!!, Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there! Why not stop in, have a pint & share a story or two?, Don't forget to stop in & catch all the Official GAA action!, We wanted to wish a very happy belated birthday to one of our bartenders, Jacqui! 

And this week marks 24 years of working with us here at the Green Briar! Thank you for all your years with us, Jacqui, and here's to many more :), Official GAA fans! Come by & watch these matches with us!

There is no cover for the Saturday games, join us!!, Hey country fans! Don't forget, we have live music happening every Sunday night! We're featuring Alec Mac Music who's ready to play all your country favorites!
Plus, we've got some amazing drink specials! Don't miss out!, It's Friday! Come party with us as we dance our Friday away with our DJ!! 

Did we mention there's no cover? See you tonight!, Looking for a place to catch the UFC fight between Conor McGregor & Jose Aldo on July 11th? We've got you covered! Get your tickets today! http://bit.ly/gbUFC, It's a beautiful day to enjoy some food & drinks in our Beer Garden!

We've also got cornhole happening tonight at 8 PM, null, Grab some good apps & beer, then join us for some Trivia starting at 8 PM!, Tonight! Come cheer on team USA with Charles River Women's RFC!, Make sure to stop by this weekend to catch Official GAA games here with us this weekend!, No plans for tonight? We've got Trivia starting at 8 PM!, Calling all soccer fans! 

Join the Charles River Women's RFC for their watch party next week Monday!, Love country music? Come listen to Timmy Brown tonight starting at 8:30 PM!, Don't forget to stop by & watch Official GAA games with us today!, No plans for tonight? Come grab some dinner with us, & then stick around for our DJ starting at 9 PM!, Looking for a place to watch Official GAA games? We've got you covered! Stop by this Sunday & watch with us!, No plans for tonight? Come listen to some live country music from Timmy Brown starting at 9 PM!, If you're looking for a place to watch Official GAA games today, come stop by! We are showing:
Ulster GAA Football Championship: Cavan Vs. Monaghan (9AM)
Munster GAA Hurling Championship: Clare Vs. Limerick (11 AM), We've got some awesome stuff coming up for the weekend! We've got a DJ tonight & tomorrow, and Official GAA games & live music on Sunday! 

And, as always, are beer garden is open, null, Join us for some dinner & stay for some music! Our traditional Irish Seisiun starts at 7 PM!, Don't forget to come hear live music from Timmy Brown starting at 8:30 PM!, null, We're going a little country on Sunday nights! 

Come hear live music from up & coming country stars!, Happy Tuesday! It's Trivia Night! Grab a few beers & come test out your knowledge with us starting at 8 PM!, Join us tonight at 7 PM for our Traditional Irish Seisiun!, Happy Friday! We've got Cover Me Badd playing some live music tonight - join us tonight starting at 9 PM!, Feeling a little stressed about finals or maybe just want to get out and enjoy some sunshine?

We've got a DJ spinning all your favorite songs starting at 10 PM!

If you're looking to play some fun trivia, we've got questionnairey happening at 8:30 PM!, Not sure what to do tonight? Stop in & play a few rounds of cornhole! 

We also have darts & pool too!, Mother's Day is this Sunday & we got some great specials to help celebrate all the mom's in your life! http://greenbriarpub.com/menus#mothers-day-specials, Make sure to to join us tonight at 7 PM for our traditional irish seisiun! 

Our beer garden is also open, and perfect for a beautiful day like today!, In order to prepare for the Mayweather Pacquiao fight tonight, we will be closed to the public from 7PM-8PM

Remember, if you have a ticket, please arrive before 10 PM to guarantee a spot! 

See you soon!, Our Mayweather Pacquiao viewing party is almost SOLD OUT. 

Get your tickets now before they are gone! See you tonight! bit.ly/gbfightnight, We sent out a survey a little while back and we asked for what you would like to see at the Briar! 

There was a great response for a pool table, and we are happy to say we got one! 

Come play a few rounds with us!, null, Who's coming to hang out with us this weekend & for Cinco de Mayo?, Come test your random knowledge with us & play a few rounds of trivia starting at 8 PM! 

We've also got awesome bar snacks, (for more brain power, of course), No plans for tonight? Stop in and play a few rounds of quetionnairey with us starting at 9 PM!, null, Looking for a place to watch the Mayweather vs Pacquiao fight? We've got you covered! Tickets are only $25! bit.ly/gbfightnight, Happy Tuesday! We've got Trivia happening at 8 PM, come test your knowledge with us! (and have some apps & drinks too!), Happy Patriots Day! 

We also want to wish all the runners in the Boston Marathon the best of luck today!, No plans for tonight? Whether you want to catch a few innings of the Sox game or dance the night away, we've got you covered!

Our DJ starts spinning some tunes at 9, be here!, Whether you want to play some questionnairey or some darts, we are the place to be for your Thursday night!, Catch a few innings of the Red Sox game & grab some lunch with us!, null, It's Trivia Tuesday! Make sure to stop by starting at 8 PM!

Don't forget, we have an awesome $5 bar menu from 3-6 PM available at our Beer Garden!, The Red Sox take on the Nationals in their Fenway home opener today!

If you don't have seats here, come watch with us - we'll save you a spot at the bar!, Did you know we have a $5 bar menu everyday from 3-6PM? Stop in & grab some fried pickles, then stick around for some Questionnariery starting at 9!, Did you know we are showing the Mayweather vs Pacquiao fight on May 2nd? Tix are only $25! get them now before they are gone! http://bit.ly/gbfightnight, The Red Sox, Bruins, & Celtics all play tonight! Come cheer them on & play a little cornhole starting at 8!, null, We are excited to announce that we will be showing the highly anticipated fight between Floyd Mayweather & Manny Pacquiao on Saturday, May 2nd! 

Tickets to watch this event are only $25, get them now! http://bit.ly/gbfightnight, Good luck to Wisconsin & Duke in the National Championships tonight! Come see who finishes the big dance on top starting at 9:18!, Let's go Red Sox! They play the Phillies starting at 3:05, come watch with us!, Good luck to Duke, Michigan State, Kentucky & Wisconsin as they battle their way to the National Championship! 

Make sure to come watch all the action with us, first game is at 6:09 PM!, TGIF! We've got our DJ ready to play all the best hits! So grab your friends at get ready to dance your night away starting at 9!, Not sure what to do tonight? Join us for some Questionnairey starting at 9!, Any one up for a few rounds of cornhole? Come play starting at 8 PM!, Come get your beer & trivia on tonight starting at 8!, null, Grab your instruments & join us for a traditional Irish Seisiun tonight at 7 PM, Who's ready for more March Madness? We're the best place to catch all the action!

Basketball not really your thing? No problem! We're playing Questionnairey starting at 9 PM!, We want to hear from you! Take a quick survey & get a $10 gift card from us: http://svy.mk/1BFNhlf, No plans for tonight? Come test your random knowledge at Trivia starting tonight at 8 PM! 

Get here early and enjoy some of our amazing $5 bar bites!, We want to hear from you!!

Take this quick survey & receive a gift card from us! http://svy.mk/1BFNhlf, Excited for March Madness? Make sure to grab some lunch & see Northeastern University take on Notre Dame Fighting Irish Athletics at 12:15!, Feeling a little lost about March Madness? Check out this blog post that breaks it down: http://bostinno.streetwise.co/channels/let-the-madness-begin/, We loved celebrating the best holiday of the year with all of you yesterday! 

A big thank you to the Dunleavy Shaffer School of Irish Dance for their fantastic step dance routine & Lake Shore Drive for their performance!, Make sure to stop by today to see some Irish Step Dancing!, Happy St. Patrick's Day! 

We are open at 8 AM today, come grab a pint with us!, Tomorrow is St. Paddy's Day! We will be open at 8 AM, in time for the All Ireland Senior Hurling & Football Championship games, as well as having live music, special food & Irish step dancers! 

We hope to see you here having a pint or two with us to celebrate one of our favorite days of the year!, We know many of you have been celebrating St. Paddy's all weekend long & we're continuing tonight with our Irish Seisiun!

So order some corned beef & cabbage and listen (or even join in) on the music tonight starting at 7 PM, We hope everyone had a fun time kicking off St. Paddy's with us! A big thanks to Gunniess & Jameson for sponoring!!

And a big congrats to Jodi, who's going to Ireland!, Catch all the 6 Nations action with us today! 

And we will have live Irish music from Black Rose tonight at 9 PM!, A HUGE congrats to our Ireland trip winner Jodi! 

We hope everyone had fun tonight, and we will see you next year!, Our pal Guinness wanted to spread the word about our Ireland Trip Giveaway Party tonight & made a new friend while showing off some serious dance moves! 

Make sure to RSVP http://bit.ly/SendMetoIreland to be entered to win, we hope to see you tonight!, Have you ever wanted to go to Ireland? We could be sending you there for FREE tomorrow night at our giveaway party!

Make sure to RSVP & join us for a fun night of drinks, live music & more! bit.ly/SendMetoIreland, We're serving up an Irish classic - corned beef & cabbage! It will be available starting today through St. Patrick's Day!, No plans for tonight? Come test your knowledge & play Trivia starting at 8 PM!, It may be Friday the 13th, but we're hoping with a FREE trip to Ireland, you luck may just turn around!

RSVP to our Ireland Trip giveaway party for your chance to win! http://bit.ly/SendMetoIreland, No plans for tonight? Stop in for an amazing dinner (like our beer broiled haddock) and hang around for some live music from The Traveling Wanna B's!, What better way to celebrate St. Patrick's Day then with a free trip to IRELAND! 

The best part, all you have to do is RSVP to our giveaway party, & you're entered to win! 

Make sure to join us on Friday, March 13th to see if you are our lucky winner! http://bit.ly/SendMetoIreland, Making those weekend plans yet? We've got the The Traveling Wanna B's this Friday night & The Boston Naturals this Saturday night! Come enjoy some great live music with awesome drinks!, Make sure to stop in tonight starting at 8 PM for some Trivia! 

We've also got some great bar food & cold beers too!, We've got so many things happening this weekend! 

Tonight, catch Lake Shore Drive at 9 PM

Saturday listen to Eleven & catch all the RBS 6 Nations games!, Want to win a FREE trip to Ireland?! Easy. RSVP to our Trip giveaway party on Friday, March 13th! (you must be present to win) http://bit.ly/SendMetoIreland, Join us today in raising a pint to benefit Leary Firefighters Foundation! 

Tag @GuinnessUS on Twitter with your pic or post it on their Facebook page Guinness & they will donate $1 to the foundation!

Cheers!, No plans for tonight? Come play a few rounds of Cornhole starting at 8 PM!

And, if you're making those weekend plans, we will have Lake Shore Drive playing some great tunes this Friday night!, Who's playing #BosBingo? You could score a few spaces by joining us for dinner & drinks tonight! http://www.cityofboston.gov/mayor/bingo.asp 

Then, make sure to join us for Trivia, starting at 8 PM!, Don't forget to stop by and watch RBS 6 Nations with us! 

First game is at 9:30 AM!, No plans for tonight? Come hear live music from Brandon Lepere! Party starts at 9 PM!, Who doesn't love a game of Trivia? Make sure to stop in tonight at 8 PM and test out your random knowledge & grab some delicious bar bites too!, We're excited to show off our Triple Lindy Chili, which has 3 kinds of meats, beans & peppers at Boston Chili Cup, happening this Thursday! 

Get your tickets today! bit.ly/chilicup15, We hope everyone had as much fun as we did hanging out with Cover Me Badd!, Get in on all of the RBS 6 Nations action here!

We open at 9 AM for for the England vs Italy match, followed by Ireland vs France at noon! There is a $20 cover charge.

See you then!, Make sure to stop by tonight to hear live music from Cover Me Badd! Party starts at 9 PM, No plans for tonight? Come grab some food & drinks and join us for Questionnairey starting at 8 PM!, Getting those weekend plans started? We've got two amazing bands playing this weekend! Come see Cover Me Badd on Friday night, & The Boston Naturals on Saturday!, Looking for something fun to do tonight? Come hang out with us & play cornhole starting at 8 PM!, A little snow won't stop us from having some pints & trivia night! 

Grab your friends & join us at 8 PM!, We will be open at 4 PM today ready to serve some good food & drinks! If you can get here safely, we'd love to see you!, We are sad to say that we are closed today because of the storm! Keep safe and warm everyone, hopefully we will be pouring pints for you soon!, We will open at 9 AM for the Italy v Ireland match! Make sure to stay for the France v Scotland match after at 12!

Don't forget there is a $20 cover!, Don't forget to watch the first match for RBS 6 Nations starting today at 3:05 PM! There will be a $20 entry fee.

See you there!, Fan of RBS 6 Nations? We will be showing all the games starting TOMORROW! 

Catch the first game between Wales & England at 3:05 PM this Friday!

Cover charge is $20, hope to see you there!, We're excited to have Wicked Good Cupcakes here to give some great advice & some behind the scenes stories on being on the show Shark Tank ABC!, Coming to the event tonight with Wicked Good Cupcakes? 

The Brighton Lodge of Elks #2199 has generously donated their parking lot!

Feel free to park in the Elks Club lot, which is located around the corner from us, just off of Winship Street! 

See you all tonight!, Tomorrow: come her some great business ideas & tips from successful small business Wicked Good Cupcakes! 

Make sure to RSVP: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/qa-for-small-business-owners-with-shark-tank-success-story-wicked-good-cupcakes-tickets-15305732859, We are open with our regular hours today! If you can get here safely we'd love to help keep you warm on this snowy Monday!, Congrats to the New England Patriots on winning the Super Bowl! #wefinishedthejob, IT'S GAME DAY!

We are the best place to watch the Super Bowl with our $5 bar menu offered from 4 to halftime, $2.50 Bud Light Drafts & Prizes!

Let's go Patriots!, Who's ready for the Super Bowl?! 

We are the best place to cheer on the Pats with our $5 bar menu offered from 4 to halftime, $2.50 Bud Light Drafts & Prizes! 

GO PATS!, Get out of the cold & snow and join us for some dinner & drinks!, No plans for the big game yet? 

You could win a VIP Super Bowl Party for you & 20 of your friends here at the Green Briar! With prime seating & apps its the best way to cheer on the Pats!

Enter to win by Liking this post & we will pick a winner on Friday!, We'll miss pouring your pints today, but we are closed for the storm! Stay safe and warm!, Due to the winter storm that is on the way, we are cancelling our Irish Seisiun for tonight. We apologize for any inconvenience. 

We hope everyone stays safe & warm!, Looking for something fun to do this weekend? We've got live music from Lake Shore Drive tomorrow!, Some fried pickles & a cold beer are a perfect pair! Make sure you also stick around for some cornhole, starting at 8 PM!, It's Trivia Tuesday! Come grab a bite to eat, & join us at 8 PM to test your trivia knowledge! http://greenbriarpub.com/entertainment/trivia-tuesday-3#.VL6RWS6Pw5w, Anyone else as pumped up as we are about the Pats game this Sunday? We will have plenty of big TVs, a projector & will be offering 2.50 Bud Light drafts & $5 food specials throughout the game! Kickoff is at 6:40, see you there!, Ever thought about wanting to open up your own business? Brighton Main Streets is hosting a Q&A session with  Wicked Good Cupcakes, (who were featured on Shark Tank) on Wednesday, February 4th at 6 PM!  

Come meet their team & ask your small business questions. RSVP to this *free* event: bit.ly/1C7Gt1N, Looking for a place to catch the Ohio State vs Oregon game? We've got you covered! We will be offering our $5 bar menu from 7-9, & will have 2.50 Bud Light Drafts!

Kickoff is at 8:30, we will see you there!, We love Football Sunday! Catch all the action here with us!, Who's ready for some football?! Come cheer on the Pats with us!, Nothing to do tonight? Bring your friends & come play cornhole with us! We play every Wednesday at 8 PM!, Here's a great little video of one of Seisiuns from Instagram! We host one every Monday at 7 PM, we hope to see you tonight!, We love our BBQ Short Ribs with Jack Daniel's braised sauce, served with mashed potatoes & mixed vegetables!, null, 3, 2, 1 ... Happy New Year!! Thank you to everyone who rang in 2015 with us!! Special thank you to Stereo Love who rocked out all night!!, We will be closing at 6 PM to get ready for our New Year's Eve Party! There are still tickets left if you want to ring in the new year with us & hear live music from Stereo Love! Doors re-open for the party at 8 PM! bit.ly/GBNYE15, There are still tickets left for our New Year's Eve Party! With live music from Stereo Love, favors & champagne, it's sure to be a great night! Get your tickets today! bit.ly/GBNYE15, null, We are closed for today but we wanted to wish you all a wonderful & happy holiday!, There are still tickets left for our New Year's Eve Party! With live music from Stereo Love, favors & champagne, it's sure to be a great night! Get your tickets today! bit.ly/GBNYE15, Did you know we host one of the oldest running Irish Seisiuns? Check out short video about it, and join us on Mondays at 7! http://t.co/tYxmefMjH1, Thanks to everyone who came out for our Santa Brunch! We hope you all had a great time!, Santa came a little early to enjoy some brunch and pictures!, We are less than a week away from our Santa Brunch! 

With hot cocoa, cookies & a photo op with the big guy himself, it's sure to be a great time!

RSVP: bit.ly/santabrunchGB, null, null, It's National Comfort Food Day! One of our favorites is our Irish Ale Onion Soup

What's your go-to comfort food?, Ring in the New Year with us! We will have live music, favors & champagne! Tickets are only $10 until 12/18, so get them now!

bit.ly/GBNYE15, Who's looking for something fun to do with the whole family this holiday season? Join us for our Santa Brunch on 12/14

With hot cocoa, cookies & a photo op with the big guy himself, it's sure to be a great time!

RSVP: bit.ly/santabrunchGB, Happy Thanksgiving! We hope everyone has a wonderful day filled with good food & great times with family and friends!

We are closed for today, but if you are looking for a place to eat for Thanksgiving Dinner, our sister bars, MJ O'Connor's, Anthem Boston Solas & City Table are all open today!, Tonight we served up a special Thanksgiving dinner to some teens who volunteer at the Oak Square YMCA! 

Thank you for helping keep our community great!, null, We might be closed on Thanksgiving, but our sister bar MJ O'Connor's will be open with special guests the GAA All Stars!, Who's ready for the weekend? We've got Partygirlrocks playing all the best tunes starting at 9 PM this Friday!, Still looking for the perfect spot to host your next reunion, birthday or holiday party?

With four separate dining halls, we can make your event a night to remember! Book with us now before it's too late!, We're already dreaming about the weekend, are you? We've got the Boston Naturals who are always a great time!, Come listen to live music from the always energetic Brandon Lepere at 9 PM tonight!, The Corhole Results are in! It's still a pretty tight race for 1st and 2nd place!, Want to win a pair of BC Football Tickets? We are doing a giveaway over on our twitter account @ greenbriarpub!, It's Trivia Tuesday! Test you knowledge with an assortment of trivia questions starting a 8 PM!, Halloween is a week away! Will you be partying with us and Cover Me Badd?, Calling all Rugby fans! 

Our friends at Mystic River Rugby Club are hosting a viewing party at Ned Devine's Irish Pub for the All Blacks vs USA Eagles game., Here are the scores from our Cornhole Tournament kick off last week! 

If you missed out, don't worry, your team can still join this Wednesday at 9 PM!, Boston College ticket giveaway! 

We're giving away a pair of tickets for tomorrow's football game vs Clemson!

Stop by anytime after 5 to enter for your chance to win!, null, It's Trivia Tuesday! Grab your friends and test your knowledge tonight at 8 PM!, Don't forget our Cornhole Tournament kicks off tomorrow at 9 PM! 

Sign up your team at info@greenbriapub.com!, Come dance and listen to Yoke Shire TONIGHT at 9 PM!, No Friday night plans yet? We've got Paint Nite at 7 PM and then join us afterwards to hear some great country tunes from Brandon Lepere at 9 PM!, null, Comedy duo Steve Lemme & Kevin Hefferman from Super Troopers and Beerfest are coming to Laugh Boston!

Comment on the photo below for your chance to win tickets to the show, meet & greet passes & a gift card!, Fan of the Fighting Irish? Join us and other fans as we watch Norte Dame take on Stanford today at 3:30 PM!, Love playing cornhole? We've got a Cornhole Tournament starting Wednesday, October 15th with prizes for 1st and 2nd place. Sign up today by emailing info@greenbriarpub.com!, It's World Vegetarian Day. We've got delicious salads, like the Orzo Mixed Greens Super Salad!, Hurling fan, this is it... All Ireland Senior Championship Final Replay: Kilkenny vs. Tipperary at noon!!, Definitely a dinner & drinks in the Beer Garden kinda night!! 

Oh yeah, and you could win a pair of tickets to the BC vs. Colorado State game tomorrow!!, A $100 gift card is yours when you reserve your holiday party before 9/30/14!

Dates still available for luncheons, dinners & cocktails parties!

Contact our event coordinators at Boston Event Solutions to get started: http://greenbriarpub.com/events, null, TONIGHT Erin's Guild is going to be performing in house from 9:30-11:00 as part of Smithwick's Sessions Pub Rock tour!! You won't want to miss this performance!!, This Saturday the 27th we're going to be showing the GAA Hurling All Ireland Senior Championship Final Replay: Kilkenny vs Tipperary!! It's going to be a great match up!, Question: What's the best way to celebrate the first day of fall? 

Answer: Trivia at the Briar with Pumpkinhead Ale

Happy Trivia Tuesday/First Day of Fall!!, Thank you to everyone who was able to join us and to all those who sent their well wishes! Here's to 25 more!, Rest up for GAA action tomorrow morning!! 

Football All Ireland Senior Championship Final: Kerry vs Donegal starts at 10:30am, HUGE thank you to everyone who made our 25th Birthday Celebration so special... you guys are awesome!! 

Join us again tonight for live music by Actin'Up, GMs, present and past! #greenbriarturns25, The gang's here, ready to serve you a beverage! #greenbriarturns25, It's finally here... our 25th Birthday Celebration!! 

Food & Cocktail Hour starts at 7pm, followed by live music from Muse House!! 

Come eat, dance, drink & reminiscence - RSVP here, 
http://bit.ly/W6ueDa, The next few days are looking pretty awesome... 

Today: National Cheeseburger Day 

Tomorrow: Our 25th Birthday Celebration - woohoo!!!
(RSVP here, http://bit.ly/W6ueDa)

Saturday: Boston College vs. Maine

Sunday: GAA Football All Ireland Senior Championship Final, Joe Fenton's Trip Down The Green Briar Memory Lane! http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/joe-fentons-trip-down-green-briar-memory-lane, Friday we're gonna party like it 1989... but with cell phones & better hair!!

Help us celebrate 25 fantastic years - cocktail party starts at 7pm & you must RSVP, http://bit.ly/W6ueDa, A Look Back with Luke Lemberg! Our GM reflects on the past several years at The Green Briar! http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/look-back-luke-lemberg, Join us for food, brews, live music & more! 

Next Friday at 7pm! 
, We're only 1 WEEK away from our 25 Year Celebration! 

Don't forget to RSVP!, Come on down tonight! 

We're giving away a pair of tickets to see BC vs USC!, Throwback Thursday! 

What's your favorite memory of The Green Briar? 

(Don't forget to RSVP to our 25 Year Celebration NEXT Friday!), Smithwick's Sessions are bringing their Pub Rock Tour here on 9/25! 

Live music from Erin's Guild!, Next Friday! Cheers to 25 Years! 

FREE | Food | Brews | Live Music , RSVP at http://greenbriar25th.eventbrite.com/, Next Friday we're gonna party like it's our birthday... because it is!! 

#GreenBriarTurns25, Friday, September 19!

Let's cheers to 25 years! 

Join us for good times, better friends, and cold brews - food and cocktail hour starts at 7! , Live music tonight! 

Stereo Love are on at 9!, GAA Weekend Schedule!, Did you see us on 7NEWS - WHDH last night?  

Check out this super easy beer baked haddock recipe! , We're also giving away 2 tickets to tomorrow's game! 

#BCvsPittburgh, Come for the NFL Season Opener, stay for RadioBDC's ticket giveaway!

You could be going to Bombay Bicycle club!, Mark your calendars for September 19th! 

#GreenBriarTurns25, null, Celebrate this 3 day weekend with the GAA Finals!, Take a break from Allston Christmas and visit your neighbors in Brighton!, Join us & RadioBDC next Thursday and you could win tickets to see Bombay Bicycle club! , In town for the Boston Northeast Gaa Finals?!

Join us for a pint! , It's a great weekend for Gaelic Football! 

Come watch the finals with us!, Moving back to school? 

Celebrate with a Personal Pitcher!, Good morning! Time for some GAA Football!!, Get your GAA fix this weekend and next!, It's Friday... time to make some new friends!!, #Tbt to the time we turned the Briar into a Casino!

#GreenBriarTurns25, Feeling artsy? Want to drink some booze while you create your next masterpiece? 

Good, cause it's Paint Nite!!, Looking for something on the lighter side? 

Orzo Mixed Greens Super Salad... orzo, mixed greens, feta, grape tomatoes, red onion, cucumber, & pitted olives tossed in our house balsamic vinaigrette, We're ready for the weekend!!, Big games this Sunday!!

Join us for a pint!, Look at what came in the mail today! 

(Giveaways coming soon!), Grilled Cheese & Soup is the perfect lunch for this rainy day., You can never go wrong with our Irish Chicken Cordon Bleu!

Fried chicken breast, rashers, Guinness dijonnaise, cheddar & Swiss cheese on grilled ciabatta, First sign of fall:, 7NEWS - WHDH filming What's Cooking with Chef Harry!, GAA schedule for the weekend!, Dessie just did the #IceBucketChallenge for #StrikeOutALS!

Click to see who he nominated!, We're in the mood for some Buffalo Mac & Cheese.

What about you?, Happy International Beer Day!

Take your pick!, GAA Schedule for this weekend:, #Tbt to when we brought a couple hogs here in 1998. 

#GreenBriarTurns25, Have an old favorite tonight., Keep it local with our Brighton Burger!, Mix it up tonight with our Orzo Mixed Greens Super Salad!

Orzo, mixed greens, feta, grape tomatoes, red onion, cucumber, & pitted olives tossed in our house balsamic vinaigrette, Join us for all the GAA action!, Cheers to the weekend!, Irish Pubs can celebrate National Tequila Day too!, It's hot out there!

Cool down with a Guinness, GAA schedule for this weekend!, Interested in hosting a party this summer? 

We can help! , Beer Battered Mushrooms are part of our $5 bar menu! 

 Enjoy Daily From 3pm-6pm at the Bar or on our Beer Garden!, Come by for a pint!, Grab a Blueberry Lemonade and lounge on our Beer Garden!, Notice anything different? #TBT, What's more appropriate for today than a Dark & Stormy?, GAA schedule for this weekend!, Clam Chowder is perfect for this rainy evening!, We can't wait for the World Cup FINALS!!

See who takes home the big win TODAY!, Who do you think will win 3rd place??, Join our friends at WGBH for their 2nd annual Craft Beer Festival! , If you're craving a late night snack, we serve our apps until 11pm!, Watch the World Cup Semi-Finals with friends! 

(Our beer garden has TVs!), GAA weekend schedule!, World Cup Semi-Finals start today!

Sneak out a little early for Brazil vs. Germany!, Guinness with another heartwarming ad... , Still in Boston for this long weekend?

Stop by for the GAA games!, Happy 4th of July everyone! We're open normal hours today for all the World Cup action!, Let's get this long weekend started!, We'll see you this weekend for all the GAA action!, Our friends Ned Devine's Irish Pub are having a huge bash tomorrow...

and it's FREE! 

RSVP here: , Less than an hour till kickoff! 

Are you ready for a great game?, Who's leaving work early today?, Join us for Happy Hour!

Enjoy daily at the bar or beer garden from 3-6!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/5-bar-menu, Happy Monday! 

Spend your lunch break with us for France vs Nigeria., Start off your Sunday Funday with the World Cup!, Round of 16 starts today! 

Who are YOU rooting for?, It's a beautiful night to be at the Briar Beer Garden!

Come hang out!, The Briar Beer Garden now has a TV!, Stop by for all the GAA games this weekend!

We have plenty of beer!, Catch all the GAA action here!, Join us at the Green Briar for a viewing party of the USA vs. Germany game right now!

This is a game you do not want to miss!, Join our friends at Ned Devine's Irish Pub for a showing party in honor of the big game- USA vs. Germany!

Perfect way to spend your lunch break!, It's a "Curious Traveler at the Briar Beer Garden" kind of day., Cool off with a few brews and some World Cup games!

And be sure to join us for USA vs Germany tomorrow!, null, Who will make it to the Round of 16?

Find out today!! 

And take a long lunch on Thursday for USA vs Germany!, Monday night means Traditional Irish Seisiun!, null, Monday blues? Join us today as the fight for the cup continues!, Thanks everyone for coming out last night! Special thanks to Budweiser and congrats to our winners! U-S-A! U-S-A! U-S-A!, Congrats to our winners!! 

They're going to VEGAS!!, GOAL!!!

U-S-A!!! U-S-A!!!, U-S-A! U-S-A! U-S-A!, TONIGHT!

Join us for the USA vs Portugal game and you could be going home with a trip to Vegas!!

bit.ly/sendmetovegas, Visit us at Celtic Sunday in Milton, MA! 

wearemilton.org, TOMORROW! 

You could be going home with a FREE trip to VEGAS! 

bit.ly/sendmetovegas, Have you heard about our $5 Happy Hour menu? , Are you a fan of Irish music? 

Our friends MJ O'Connor's will be at The Milton Music Festival THIS Sunday! http://wearemilton.org/, Today's World Cup Schedule! 

And don't forget to RSVP to Send Me To Vegas! bit.ly/sendmetovegas, Can't make it for Paint Nite Boston tonight? 

That's ok! You can drink creatively EVERY Wednesday! 
, Some big games are on today! 

Who are you rooting for?, null, Increase your chances of winning a trip to Vegas! 

bit.ly/sendmetovegas, Cheer on USA with us again THIS Sunday and might go home with a trip to Vegas! , Join us for all the FIFA World Cup action!, Less than a week away until Send Me To Vegas!!

RSVP today! , Whose ready for a Sunday Funday?

Join us for Fifa World Cup 2014 games all day long!, All GAA games are FREE to watch! 

Today's Schedule: 2:00pm Leinster GAA Hurling Championship - Dublin vs Wexford (TBC), Fifa World Cup 2014 games continue! 

Join us on your day off to celebrate!, Join us this weekend! All GAA games are FREE to watch! 

Saturday, June 14th
2:00pm Leinster GAA Hurling Senior Championship 2014: Dublin Vs Wexford
 
Sunday, June 15th
9:00am Ulster GAA Football Senior Championship 2014: Monaghan Vs Tyrone
11:00am Munster GAA Hurling Senior Championship 2014: Clare Vs Cork, Couldn't make it for the game yesterday?

No problem! Three more opportunities to watch with us today!, We've got our signs up! 

How do you show your FIFA World Cup spirit?, It's finally here!! 

Join us for ALL the FIFA World Cup action & our viewing party on June 22 at 6pm! , Right here! , We're so excited for the FIFA World Cup that we're giving away a trip to VEGAS! 
, Join us for a WorldCup viewing party on 6/22! 

You can win a trip to VEGAS!! #budsendmetovegas, Kilkenny vs Offaly starts in 1 hour! 

All GAA games are FREE!, Join us for all the GAA games this weekend! 

And we're showing them for FREE!, RSVP to our World Cup viewing party and VEGAS trip giveaway on June 22nd!

And catch all the action here! , It's finally the weekend and we're celebrating with Actin' Up!, Our new menu starts today!

Just in time for the beautiful weekend!, The World Cup is only 1 week away!

Catch ALL the action here & RSVP to our viewing party/Vegas trip giveaway on June 22nd!

#BudSendMeToVegas, Weekend schedule for all GAA games...

and we're showing them for FREE!, Stop by for trivia and our seasonal drafts!, null, Did we mention we're giving away a trip to Vegas?!

June 22. 6pm. #BudSendMeToVegas
, This Sunday we're showing Limerick vs Tipperary for FREE!, What are you doing for lunch? 

It's a perfect day to visit the Briar Beer Garden!, Take this 2 minute survey and we'll send you a gift card! 

http://bit.ly/GreenBriarSummerSurvey, The pub that sent you to Ireland is now sending you to VEGAS! 

#BudSendMeToVegas , Celebrate Sunday Funday with $2.50 Coors Light!, Today at 3!

Join us and Heineken for the UEFA Finals!, We're showing the GAA games here for FREE!

Sunday's schedule:, Phase 2: Lights!, Join us on June 22nd for a World Cup Viewing Party.

And oh yeah, we're giving away a trip to VEGAS! , We're showing all the GAA games here!

See you Sunday for Derry vs. Donegal & Cork vs Waterford!, Join us & Heineken for the UEFA Finals!, We posted the wrong link earlier - sorry about that!

Now you can REALLY tell us how you feel: 

http://bit.ly/GreenBriarSummerSurvey, Coming Soon...

Briar Beer Garden!, Congrats to the Class of 2014!, It's never too early for a Guinness! 

Tyrone vs. Down starts at 11am!, Tonight! 

Muse House are here and it's Ladies Night! , This Sunday at 11am!

It's the first game of the 2014 Ulster GAA Football Championship: Tyrone vs Down  

And we're showing the game for FREE, Throwback Thursday!

Now that looks like a party!, We've got that Black & Gold pride!, We believe in our B's!!!

Can't wait to see you tonight!, See you for trivia tonight and Game 7 tomorrow! , Join us tonight for Traditional Irish Seisiun!, The Boston Naturals are here tonight!

And as always, Friday Night is Ladies' Night!, We have Curious Traveler on tap!, Trivia is cancelled tonight - we'll be watching the playoffs instead! 

Go B's!!, Quesadilla, Corona and a shot of tequila...

Irish pubs know how to celebrate Cinco de Mayo too!, Join us for Sunday Funday!, Put on your dancing shoes! 

Our DJ with be spinning all the latest hits tonight!, Take a long lunch today., Questionnairey is cancelled tonight- but our tournament starts next Thursday! 

(Winning team gets Red Sox tickets!), Throwback Thursday! 

Anyone recognize this guy??, Come by and relax tonight with Paint Nite Boston! , Tuesday means Stump Trivia night!, MJ O'Connor's is hosting its 2nd Annual Salute For Our Heroes on May 8th. 

To RSVP and/or donate:  , Let's do it again boys! 

Go B's!, Beer of the Month: Green Monsta

Have one while watching the Sox game tonight!, Trivia is cancelled tonight for the Bruins playoffs! 

Come cheer on the B's with us!, Happy Marathon Monday!

Good luck to all the runners today! 

We'll be cheering you on from Brighton!, Happy Easter!, Tonight! Actin' Up are here!

It's a beautiful day and the Sox won! Let's celebrate!, Join us for Paint Nite every Wednesday! , We live in an amazing city full of good, kind people.

We are Boston Strong., Our patio is now open!, Pi Alley is here tonight!

It's going to be a beautiful night, go out and enjoy it! , Our patio is open! 

Stop by for a cold beer!, After work beers

Who's in? #tgif, Tomorrow is Ladies Night and The Boston Naturals will be here!, NCAA Basketball Championship TONIGHT
- we'll have a seat at the bar waiting for you!!, Happy Saturday! 

It's a beautiful day and the T is running late, so you have no excuse not to go out tonight!

Plus Lake Shore Drive drive is here! , What are you doing tonight?

ChillSet are here and it's Ladies Night!  , Happy Opening Day! , Throwback Thursday!

Check out those outfits!, Relieve some stress with painting and drinks.

Paint Nite is every Wednesday!  , null, Having a late lunch? 

Try our Brighton Burger - Grilled tomato, Irish bacon, fried onions & cheddar cheese, The boys are back! 

Cheers to another great season!, Last night we raised over $1000 for the family of Lt. Walsh. 
Thank you., Like many of you, we were heartbroken to learn of the loss of two true heroes who heroically lost their lives battling the Beacon Street 9 alarm fire on March 26, 2014.

In our neighborhood, Lt. Walsh served as the Facilities Director of the Oak Square YMCA for 10 years. Tonight, all cover charges will be donated to his family.  

Our sincerest thanks to all of the first responders in our great city., Tonight!

It's Ladies Night and Brandon Lepere is here! , And the Quizapalooza 2014 Grand Prize Winners are "Courtesy of The Red, White, and Blue!" 

We hope you have fun at Laugh Boston! Cheers!, Quizapalooza 2014 Runner-Ups "Coming Up Short!" 

They certainly didn't come up short tonight!, Throwback Thursday! 

Just found our take out menu from 1989!, Tomorrow night is the last game of Quizapalooza! 

Find out who takes home the grand prize!, How's your bracket looking?

Come watch all the Sweet 16 games with us!, null, Warm up with some Irish Ale Onion Soup

(and a Guinness of course!), Can't wait to have Yoke Shire back here tonight!, Tonight:

It's Ladies Night and Muse House are here!
, Kickoff the weekend early with Quizapalooza! , Let the madness begin!

Come by for some bar snacks and watch the games!, Join us for Paint Nite! , We hope you had a wonderful St. Paddy's Day/! Special thanks to Lake Shore Drive, Step Dancers from Dunleavy Shaffer School of Irish Dance, and our amazing staff!, null, Could anyone else use a coffee to help that post-St. Patrick's Day hangover?, Irish Step Dancers! #stpatricksday, We're ready for ye! 

Happy St. Patrick's Day!, Irish Step Dancers are here at 1:30pm! , Happy St. Patrick's Day! 

Get started early with Club Hurling Finals now and Gaelic Football Finals at 11:45am! 

Irish Step Dancers from Dunleavy Shaffer School of Irish Dance will be here at 1:30pm followed by a performance from Lake Shore Drive at 2pm!

PLUS we're running our special menu all day long! , Corned Beef & Cabbage Dinner!, Watch the 6 Nation sFinals with us and you could win this jersey signed by the Ireland team!, Congrats to the winner of #SendMeToIreland, Allison Griffin!!, Who will win #SendMeToIreland?!, We're here! 

Let's get this party started! #SendMeToIreland, Where's the bus?! 

We have a party to go to! 

#SendMeToIreland, Kicking off St. Patrick's Day weekend by giving away a trip to Ireland!! 

Thank you to everyone who attended, participated in our competitions, and helped make the night a success!! 

Congratulations to our big winner, Allison Griffin, who is going to Ireland!!  

Special thanks to Guinness and 2 Gingers, TOMORROW #SendMeToIreland, 6 Nations Finals are THIS Saturday!

We will also be raffling off a jersey signed by the 6 Nations Ireland team during the games!, Reminder:

Dress to impress on Friday in your finest leprechaun attire and you could win another entry to #SendMeToIreland!, Your Guide to St. Patrick's Day:, Share to win #SendMeToIreland!, Dress to impress on Friday!

Best leprechaun costume wins another entry to #SendMeToIreland! , See you Friday! #SendMeToIreland, Share to win!, Start your weekend with us!

Pi Alley is here and it's Ladies' Night!, St. Patrick's Day Events:, We'll be open early tomorrow for Ireland vs Italy!, See you next Friday!

#SendMeToIreland, Start planning your weekend now!, How to have the best St. Patrick's Day ever 

#SendMeToIreland, We're giving away a FREE trip to Ireland on March 14!

Tag us in a picture of your Guinness or 2 Gingers with #SendMeToIreland for a chance to win! 

https://sendmetoireland.eventbrite.com, Next Friday we're giving away a trip to Ireland!

Upload a picture of your Guinness with #SendMeToIreland (here, Twitter, or Instagram) to increase your chances of winning!

https://sendmetoireland.eventbrite.com/, Come to our party next Friday and you could win a trip to IRELAND! 

RSVP: https://sendmetoireland.eventbrite.com/, Yuengling is back! 

Have one (or a few) tonight!, TONIGHT!

It's Ladies' Night with Brandon Lepere!

and 2 Gingers will be hanging out with some awesome swag!

Come join the fun!, March 14th. It's Happening.

https://sendmetoireland.eventbrite.com, Our 11th Annual Ireland Trip Giveaway is March 14th!

All you have to do is show up to win, like this guy did!, Do you want to win a trip for two to Ireland? 

Come to our party March 14th!, To kick off St. Paddy's Day Weekend we're giving away a trip to Ireland!

Find out how to win:
http://sendmetoireland.eventbrite.com/, Free party this Thursday at Ned Devine's Irish Pub with Miller Lite and the Boston Celtics!

RSVP Here: bit.ly/MEFa6Q, http://sendmetoireland.eventbrite.com/, The Best Way To Spend A Saturday Night: 

with Yoke Shire and a Personal Pitcher, of course!, We're open and the game is on!!, We've got a big weekend ahead of us!

Tonight: Brandon Lepere is performing and it's Ladies Night!

Saturday: We're opening at 8am for 6 Nations! Come watch the biggest games of the tournament

Saturday Night: Dance along to Yoke Shire!

And start the weekend early with Wales vs France happening right now!, The game is on! 

Stop by to see who wins the Men's Hockey Semifinal!

U-S-A! U-S-A!, This Weekend: 

We're showing all 6 Nations games including England Vs. Ireland! 

Don't miss out!, Drop by during your lunch break to watch the Women's Hockey Olympic Finals at noon!

GO USA!, Come watching the biggest game of the tournament!

England vs Ireland is THIS Saturday!, Irish Ale Onion Soup goes perfectly with Monday Night Irish Seisiun!, The Boston Naturals show has been cancelled tonight due to weather! 

However, if you can get to us safely we ARE open and will have a DJ tonight! 

Stay safe & warm, Brighton!, We found our true love.

Maybe you'll find yours tonight!

Party with us and The Hype!
http://bit.ly/1iWQQNz, Snow, schmow!  

A little precipitation isn't going to stop Quizapalooza! 

http://bit.ly/1jcLEoi, Survey says: 

Come to Quizapalooza 2014 tomorrow!, Hang out with us and Pi Alley tonight!, It's the weekend, let's have some fun!
TONIGHT/FRIDAY:  Live Music with Muse House

SATURDAY: 
6 Nations Rugby all day
Live Music with Pi Alley at night 

SUNDAY: 6 Nations Rugby, Join us for Thursday Night Questionnairey!

And ask about our Trivia Competition starting next week!  , Catch all the 6 Nations action here!, Come on in! 

We're open and ready to serve some Guinness!, We're open today at 4pm!

 Paint Nite has been cancelled. 

Stay safe out there!, Brush up on your trivia tonight!, After work is Guinness time!, Join us for Ireland vs Scotland and Sunday brunch!, Cover Me Badd will be performing soon! 

Cheers to a great Saturday night!, Brandon Lepere is here and it's Ladies Night! , Try our Friday Special! 

Stuffed Pepper served with a Briar Salad!, Looking for the best place in Boston to watch 6 Nations??, Our weekly specials start today!

How does Corned Beef and Cabbage sound for lunch?, Try our new specials premiering tomorrow!

Every Thursday we will be serving Traditional Irish Corned Beef and Cabbage!, Where are you watching 6 Nations this year?, Join us for 6 Nations! The tournament starts this Saturday!, It's a perfect night for a personal pitcher!, Warm up with (award-winning) clam chowder and a Guinness!, Join us tonight for Paint Nite & Karaoke With DJ On Demand!, Trivia is cancelled tonight but that doesn't mean you can't stop by and keep warm with a beer (or few)!, Have you noticed the awesome new tap handle on this old favorite?, null, Keep warm by partying with us and The HYPE!, null, Another new menu item! Buffalo Chicken Mac & Cheese!, Our new menu launched today! Try a Chicken Pot Pie for dinner!, Tomorrow is the launch of our winter menu! Stop by to try some new favorites!, It feels like a good day for an Irish Coffee., We hope to see you tonight! Go Pats!!, Keep warm on this chilly night with us & Pi Alley!, null, We bet a Bacon & Avocado Burger sounds good right about now., Join our friends The Harp at Ski Bash Boston this Friday! http://bit.ly/1bKVJCS, Keep warm and have a Guinness!, Our friends The Harp are having their Ski Bash Boston this Friday!, Keep warm with dancing and drinks!, We're opening soon! 

Warm up with a Guinness (or a few)!, We're open normal hours today and will open late tomorrow at 4pm. Stay safe out there!, null, Thanks to everyone who rang in the new year with us! Special thanks to The Hype for playing our favorite hits all night long!, Tonight's The Night!! Don't forget your tickets to our NYE Party!, We're selling out fast for NYE!! Get your tickets here!, We hope you have Saturday Night Fever! 

...because our DJ is here!!, TGIF! Dance the night away with our DJ spinning all your favorite hits!, We hope you had a great Christmas! 

Now on to New Year's Eve!, Merry Christmas from our family to yours!, Ring in the new year with us and The HYPE!! Only $20!!, Did you get your tickets yet???, TGIF!!

Our DJ will be here tonight playing all your favorite hits!, null, Ring in the new year with us and The HYPE!!, Tickets to our NYE Party are on sale! Only $20!, Sorry folks, trivia tonight is cancelled...but will be back after the new year!, Tickets to our NYE Party are on sale now! Only $20! 

Get your here!, Not sure how to dress for NYE? Take a look at picture from last year for inspiration! 

(and don't forget to get your tickets here: http://bit.ly/1gFgcOq), He's here until 3! Children of all ages, stop by for hot cocoa, cookies and holiday cheer!, Tomorrow: The big guy himself will be here at 1pm!, Due to the storm, Brunch with Santa will start at noon tomorrow. 

Hope to see you there!, Ledger - The Band is here tonight and it's Ladies Night! 

Looks like it's a very lucky Friday the 13th!, In honor of Brunch with Santa on Sunday:, Don't forget your tickets for our NYE Bash!, We hung with our friends from the Flaming Leprechaun for their opening launch during the Aldo McGregor match, Boston.com lets you know where kids can share a meal with Santa!, Check out the latest news from The Green Briar!, You're all invited to join Santa for brunch! 

Stop by this Sunday for hot chocolate, cookies, and candy canes with the big guy!

We'll also be collecting toys to benefit the Franciscan Hospital for Children. 

http://bit.ly/1hCWA0l, Our annual Santa Brunch is THIS SUNDAY! 

Children of all ages are welcome to join Santa for hot chocolate, cookies and candy canes!

We'll also be collecting toys to benefit the Franciscan Hospital for Children., What are you doing New Year's Eve?

Ring in the new year with us!, Santa Brunch is this Sunday! 

Children of all ages are welcome to join us for hot chocolate, cookies, candy canes, and of course some one-on-one time with the big man!, TONIGHT: 

Cover Me Badd are here to rock out!, Tonight! The Boston Naturals are here!

And it's Ladies Night too! http://bit.ly/17ki12G, Mark your calendars for December 15th because you can have Brunch With Santa!, Check out our staff with the World Series trophy!, We're happily accepting Toys for Tots donations now through Dec. 18th!

When you donate, you receive FREE admission to the Harpoon Brewery Holiday Party at The Harp + a brewery tour voucher!, Making plans for NYE?

Why don't you ring in the New Year with us!, Getting into the holiday spirit!

We're accepting donations to Toys For Tots now through Dec 18!, We're still available for holiday parties!

Reserve with us today!, Not ready to put your dancing shoes away? 

Neither are we! 

Our DJ will be back again tonight!, Tonight our DJ will be spinning all your favorite hits!

So come dance off all the food you ate yesterday!, We're thankful for everyone who makes up The Green Briar family: our wonderful staff, dedicated performers, and especially all of our great guests!

Happy Thanksgiving!, Paint Nite is On, Karaoke is Cancelled...

Because we'll be celebrating Thanksgiving Eve!, We're one of the Top 10 Places to Party on Thanksgiving Eve!, Join us tonight for Irish Seisiun!, Ledger - The Band is here tonight!

It's gonna be an awesome Saturday night!, Tonight it's Ladies Night with Brandon! All ladies get in FREE before 10!, Questionnairey is tonight! 

Come play and cheer on the B's with us!, Are you ready for some football? 

Go Pats!, Saturday night done right!!, Tonight!

Get hyped because The Hype are here!, It's finally the weekend!

Come celebrate tonight with us and Muse House!, Tonight!

Stop by for Paint Nite & Karaoke!, Looking to plan your holiday party?

Reserve with us today!, Happy Veterans Day to all past, present and future military men & women!

We truly appreciate all you do!, Pi Alley are here tonight! 

Show starts at 9!, Celebrate National Stout Day with us and The Boston Naturals!

And ladies, you know what tonight is...
LADIES NIGHT! Get in FREE before 10pm!, Did you know that we sell personal pitchers?! PBR of Coors Light only $7.95!!, Questionnairey tonight!, Take the edge off and get your creative juices flowing with Paint Nite/karaoke tonight!, Happy Election Day!, Thanks to everyone who came out and especially Cover Me Badd for making Friday awesome!, Thinking about a Guinness?

Grab a seat at the bar and watch the game with us!

Go Pats!, Let's party like World Champs tonight!!, Cover Me Badd! Live until 1am tonight!!!!, Tara, Shauna, Jacqui- your bartenders for the evening! Happy Halloween!, Just because it's November 1st, it doesn't mean we have to stop celebrating Halloween!

Come out tonight for our Color Me Badd Halloween Party tonight!, Thanks to everyone who came to our Halloween Party!, The lovely ladies, Laura and Mari!, Clark Kent, Troll Doll, Indian. Halloween party tonight until 1am! $300 costume prize!, TONIGHT: It's our annual Halloween Party!!

Make sure you dress to impress because the winner of the costume contest goes home with a $300 cash prize!!

We hope to see you all!!, We were poppin' Guinness last night!!

Congrats to our WORLD CHAMPIONS!!, Our General Manager Luke is channeling Ross and we're getting ready for tonight!  #getbeard, Check out pics from our Halloween Party last year to get pumped for Thursday!!, Make sure you dress to impress at our Halloween Party on Thursday because the winner of the costume contest goes home with a $300 cash prize!!, We can't wait for our parties this weekend!

Thursday: We're having a DJ spinning all your favorite hits at our Halloween Party!!

Friday: Cover Me Badd Halloween Party!!

Hope to see you all there!, Pi Alley is cancelled for Game 3 tonight. It's all about the Sox tonight, so come help us cheer them on!!, While the Sox are heading to St. Louis, come hang with us and The Boston Naturals!!

Plus it's Ladies Night! All ladies get in FREE before 11!  

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/boston-naturals-ladies-nights, Questionnairey is cancelled because of tonight's game but you're all invited to cheer on the Red Sox with us!, Because the Red Sox are in a little game tonight (ahem, the World Series Game 1!!!) we're cancelling Karaoke  

The only singing tonight will be 'Sweet Caroline - bum bum bum', Beautiful night for an Irish Session, Come hang out for Game 6!

And stick around for a performance from Brandon!

GO SOX!!, TONIGHT: Muse House will be covering all your favorite hits!

And it's Ladies Night! All ladies get in FREE before 11pm!, Due to the Red Sox game tonight we're cancelling Questionairey - you've gotta focus on the game!! 

Come down and watch with us - Go Sox!!, Due to the Red Sox game tonight we're cancelling Karaoke - can't have people singing over the game! 

Come down and cheer for the Sox with us!, It's beautiful outside, the Pat + Sox are playing today, and it's a three day weekend - we'll cheers to that!, Throwback is here tonight and ready to PARTY!!, New band to the Briar tonight, Yoke Shire - and they are a must see!!

We're also giving away a pair of tickets to next weeks BC Football game!!, Perfect weather for beers on the patio!! 

And stick around for Paint Nite and/or karaoke - http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/paint-nite-karaoke-dj-demand-9, We're happy to welcome The Boston Naturals back tonight - they're always a great time!!, Clare are the All-Ireland Hurling Champions after coming out on top in an incredible final against Cork!!, It's almost time for the Hurling All-Ireland Final Replay: Cork vs Clare!! Get down here for all excitement!! 

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/gaa-hurling-all-ireland-final-replay, The weekend is SO close!! Here's what we've got going on, plus today's delicious specials... 

Tonight: 
 - Ladies get in FREE before 11pm! 
 - Live music from Muse House
 - BC vs. Army Ticket Giveaway

Tomorrow: 
- Hurling All-Ireland Final Replay - Cork vs Clare - noon
- Live music from The Boston Naturals, GAA Senior Hurling Final Replay - Clare vs Cork - THIS Saturday!!  

We are pumped and ready... will you be here for it?!, Alright, alright, alright it's Trivia Tuesday! 
Game starts at 8:30pm, Today..., Good morning! Here's what happening... 

8:15am: Minor Football Championship Final - Mayo vs Tyrone
10:30am: Senior Football Championship Final - Dublin vs Mayo, Sunday Funday starts with GAA All Ireland Championships

8:15am: Minor Football Championship Final - Mayo vs Tyrone
10:30am: Senior Football Championship Final - Dublin vs Mayo

Rest up!, Who's ready for some MSF Band tonight??!!, Hey Notre Dame Fans, it's just about game time!! 

We've got food, beer, and a lot of TV's - come watch with friends!!, Tonight's Lineup:
- Ladies get in FREE before 11pm! 
- Live music from The Hype 
- BC-FSU Ticket Giveaway

TGIF - we are ready to party!, We've got The HYPE here tomorrow night... and they are TOTALLY worth the hype!!, Questionnairey starts at 9pm... but we've got food, drinks and a patio all day!!, Express yourself through paint or song tonight - it's Paint Nite/Karaoke Night!!, It's Trivia Tuesday!! 

Game starts at 8:30, but we suggest getting here a little early for the Spinach & Mozzarella Salad... spinach is brain food!!, How about a Pumpkinhead Ale on the patio?!, Remember when MTV used to actually play music?? 
So does Ledger - The Band! 

They're here tonight and they're playing all the music MTV used to!!, Who's up for a little Pi Alley tonight?? Maybe some singing, some dancing... a drink or two?!, Question: What's better than playing Questionnairey with us on a Thursday? 

Answer: Nothing... but  Pi Alley on Friday is just as awesome!, null, Trivia night!!!, Attention Hurling Fans: 

Hurling All-Ireland Final Replay between Cork and Clare will be Saturday, September 28 with a noon throw-in time... and of course we'll have it on!, Monday evening at the Briar means one thing, Irish Seisiun!!  

Enjoy some food, beer & traditional Irish music - and as always feel free to bring your own instrument and join in!, GAA!!!, GAA Finals tomorrow starting at 8:15am! Don't miss the action!, Stereo Love tonight! Who is coming out?
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/stereo-love, This Sunday GAA Finals!, You can sit at home and do Karaoke to the Youtube Karaoke channel all alone, or you can come out tonight and do it with us!

Just look how boring...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJmVq8-p1CE&list=TL7M5fhQY8N2k


We start at 8pm, How about some dinner before Trivia? You can't think on an empty stomach.

Irish Chicken Cordon Bleu & a cold one of your choice., We have a DJ tonight for Labor Day Eve!

It's A CELEBRATION!, Happy Sunday Morning!

Hope to see for the Semifinals!

Schedule: Football Semifinal: Roscommon vs Tyrone 8:30am
GAA Senior Football Semifinal: Dublin vs Kerry 10:30am, Tomorrow is September 1st & we have GAA Action...so many things to celebrate!

Schedule: Football Semifinal: Roscommon vs Tyrone 8:30am
GAA Senior Football Semifinal: Dublin vs Kerry 10:30am

DJ tonight!, So just spend the weekend with us! DJ tonight and all weekend, (including Labor Day Eve!), Our delicious Bacon & Avocado Burger will help you get the right answer for every question tonight...We promise!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-44, Is your team ready for Trivia tonight?

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-45, GOOD MORNING! It's a beautiful day for GAA! First match at 8:30am!, LIVE GAA tomorrow starting at 8:30am!

Minor Football Semifinal: Mayo vs. Monaghan 8:30am
Senior Football Semifinal: Mayo vs. Tyrone 10:30am

See you all bright and early!, Live music tonight with one of the best, The Boston Naturals!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/boston-naturals-2, Did you know..., Great Paint Nite last night! Thanks to everyone who came out!, Trivia tonight at 8:30pm! The hardest question will be which one of these to order?, The best way to recuperate after a long Monday is a Guinness and a traditional Irish Seisiun!!, Happy Sunday!, Live music with your favorite band, Ledger!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/ledger-4, Tomorrow is GAA/Sunday Funday...who is coming out?, DJ tonight! Come out and party!
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/dj-night-11, TGIF! How about lunch on our patio? This looks good..., See you tonight at Questionnairey! 

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-42, That is what we're talking about!
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/paint-nite-karaoke-dj-demand-3, It's Trivia Tuesday! COME ON DOWN! We start at 8:30pm

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-43, Coming to Irish Seisiun tonight? Get down here early for a quick bite! Try our new RLT+!

RLT+ Rashers, lettuce, tomato with avocado & house made mozzarella on grilled ciabatta, Sunday Fundays are back! Who is coming down?

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/dj-night-10, Good Morning!, It's Saturday night and our DJ will spinning all night! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/dj-night-9, Calling all Hurling fans! See you Sunday!, Don't sit home on this dreary night, come out and dance with us! We have DJ spinning all night!

"So tonight, you gotta leave that 9 to 5 up on the shelf and just enjoy yourself!" -Michael Jackson

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/dj-night-ladies-night-3, Questionnairey tonight at 9pm! Who is going to be there?

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-41, Thinking about lunch yet? We are, how about this delicious Spinach & Mozzarella Salad? Don't forget we have patio seating on this beautiful day!

Check out what else we have http://www.greenbriarpub.com/lunch-dinner, Hey Trivia lovers, why don't you order one of these bad boys tonight? We hear they help you answer more trivia questions! 

Our new Corona-ritas come in this neat, little slurpee-esque cup!
Try one! 

Trivia starts at 8:30pm, Join us tonight for the longest running traditional Irish Seisiun in Boston!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/traditional-irish-seisiun-21, Happy Sunday!, Saturday night, DJ NIGHT! Who is coming out?, How about some Lunch & Some GAA?, GAA THIS WEEKEND!, DJ tonight! It's Friday night, let's party!, See you at Questionnairey tonight! 9pm, Karaoke Tonight!!!! Show us what ya got!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/paint-nite-karaoke-dj-demand-2, Our friends at The Harp are throwing this awesome party on the high seas! Two live bands, THE ZOO and THE HERLAND BROTHERS, this Friday night! Tickets are only $25!

Get them here: http://thezoocruise.eventbrite.com/, Tonight is Irish Seisiun at 7pm. Come in early for some wings! It's National Chicken Wing Day! Read on: http://bit.ly/13sP0cC, It's almost lunch time! Stop in for our delicious Cobb Salad and help out the Oak Square YMCA! Find out how...http://bit.ly/15GVdoa, Sunday Funday, DJ spinning tonight!
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/dj-night-7, Catch GAA Sunday Action today at 9am!, The Boston Naturals are rocking the Briar tonight!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/boston-naturals-4, GAA TODAY at 10am!, It's finally Friday....check out our DJ tonight!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/dj-night-ladies-night-3, Now this is what the Irish call comfort food!, It's Thursday night, that means it's Questionnairey Night!

Get the whole team together and come down early for dinner and try our new Bacon & Avocado Burger....mmmmmmmmmmmm, Looking for something fun to do this Summer? Love live music? Tired of all these questions? 

Get tickets to the Annual Zoo Cruise! Live music by THE ZOO and THE HERLAND BROTHERS!

Get $5 off with promo code: zoocruisespecial
Code expires on midnight, July 25th!

http://thezoocruise.eventbrite.com/, Now we know we might be biased, but this is one of Chef Mike's greatest sandwich creations ever!!!

New Menu Item: Irish Cordon Bleu- Fried chicken breast, rashers, Guinness dijonnaise, cheddar & Swiss cheese on grilled ciabatta.

See more at: http://www.greenbriarpub.com/lunch-dinner#sthash.g25xqaZP.dpuf, Sunday Funday, DJ TONIGHT at 9pm!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/dj-night-6, Who is getting here Bright and EARLY for GAA?

9am!, Awesome, live music tonight with Ledger - The Band!, GAA Today at Noon!, We aren't going to do what everyone else on Facebook has been telling you to do like, beat the heat and hang out in our A.C, while eating some good food and drinking frosty beverages...or coming out to party with live music by Muse House tonight!

We trust you to make the right decision on your own!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/muse-house-ladies-night, GAA this weekend!, Awesome photos from last night's Paint Nite!! Lookin good :) , Read about how you can enjoy a delicious lunch while giving back to the Oak Square YMCA!

http://bit.ly/15GVdoa, Beat the heat on Trivia Tuesdays! Have a cold one and have some fun! Starts at 8:30pm, but come earlier for the air conditioning! ha

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-40, Try some of our brand new menu items like this delicious new Bacon & Avocado Burger created  by Chef Mike! Topped with chopped smoked bacon, sliced avocado & pepper jack cheese.

Goes great with a frosty, cold brew! 

Join us for dinner before tonight's Irish Seisiun at 7pm.

Take a look at the rest of the menu:
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/lunch-dinner, GAA! Happy SUNDAY!, It's Saturday Night....DJ spinning all night! Come see us!, GAA Today at Noon! 

Catch all the action here!, DJ tonight! Come on down!, Questionnairey tonight!

Your seat awaits! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-39, Karaoke tonight! Try out a 90's song...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jj8FIUGLgDM, We will open for the 12pm game on Saturday! 

This is your spot for GAA all weekend!, It's not just any ordinary Tuesday, it's TRIVIA Tuesday!

See you all at 8:30pm!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-39, Irish Seisiun tonight!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/traditional-irish-seisiun-18, Sunday night DJ party!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/dj-night-4, HAPPY GAA MORNING!, DJ TONIGHT! See you all later!, We open at 2pm today for GAA ACTION!, DJ tonight! 

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/dj-night-ladies-night-1, Hi Friends, have a happy & safe 4th of July!

We will be open today at 6pm! Come and see us!, It's 4th of July Eve! Paint or SING something Patriotic!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/karaoke-dj-demand-34, We will open early this Saturday for the 2pm Hurling Championship!

#GAAAction, Good morning!, Live music tonight with The Boston Naturals! Great night at The Briar!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/boston-naturals-3, GAA Sunday morning!, Oooo it looks like the sun is shining...drinks on the patio anyone?

DJ tonight playing your all your faves!, This is great!

http://boston.cbslocal.com/2013/06/28/blackhawks-express-heartfelt-appreciation-of-bruins-city-of-boston-with-full-page-ad-in-boston-globe/, Thank you Boston Bruins!

Great video! http://video.bruins.nhl.com/videocenter/console?catid=1369&id=260895&cmpid=embed-share-video, Nice article about the fundraiser that the Open Theater Project held for The One Fund on Sunday, June 23rd!
http://www.wickedlocal.com/allston/news/x986309252/Open-Theater-Project-helps-raise-money-for-One-Fund-in-Brighton#axzz2XQfXSfvL, So...many...options! Paint Nite or Karaoke?

You can probably fit them both in! Karaoke doesn't start until 9pm!

See you guys tonight!
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/karaoke-dj-demand-33, Great season boys...Until next season! Wow, that's only a few months away!

BRUINS! Boston Strong!, Let's GO BRUINS!!!, Game 6 tonight! Half priced appetizers during playoff games!

It's do or die time tonight! Let's Go BOYS!, Join us for a great cause tonight!!, GOOD MORNING! GAA!, Tonight, the Bruins! Tomorrow, fundraiser for The One Fund Boston!, Half price appetizers during the game! GO BRUINS!, After the game, stick around for live music by Cover Me Badd!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/cover-me-badd-5, GAA Sunday at 9am!, DJ tonight! Get her early and hang out on our patio!

We would love to see you!, Let's go BRUINS!!!, Join us tonight for TRIVIA!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-36, Great game boys! We love that dirty water! GO BRUINS!

STANLEY CUP!!!, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17h4ijLjORA, Game on!!! Let's go B's!!!, Half price appetizers during the game tonight! 

Get down early and get your seat!

Let's go BRUINS!, Bruins in 10minutes! Come on down and stay for our DJ! 

GO Bs!!!, Live music tonight with Pi Alley!

See you tonight!, A Spicy Hawaiian Burger on this cold, rainy, non summery night is in order! 

Maybe stick around for Questionnairey at 9am!, Karaoke is cancelled tonight, so there will be no singing over the Bruins game!! 

There will, however, be ½ priced apps... so that's pretty great!!, We'd love to have you watch the game with us tomorrow, but you really should watch at The Harp... they're giving away a pair of tickets to Game 2 in Chicago, airfare and hotel included!! 

Get all the details here, 
http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/wednesdayyou-could-win-harp, WOW! What a prize The Harp is giving away THIS WEDNESDAY at Bruins Viewing party at 8pm! Don't miss it!, GAA! GOOD MORNING!, Hurling Championship! Tomorrow at 9am!, The Fighting Jamesons are tonight!

Can't wait! Who is coming down?
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/fighting-jamesons

Check them out
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=M0GV0JKmiz8, FINALLY!!!! OHHH OHHH OHHH OH OH OH OH OH OH!

BRUINS, Sing it Rene!, Game 4 is tonight! Come down early and grab your seat!

Stick around for our DJ tonight!

WE ARE PUMPED!

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17h4ijLjORA, Let's go BRUINS! Look what our pals at The Harp have going on Sunday!, Who is up for some Questionnairey tonight at 9pm!?, BRUINS WIN IN DOUBLE OT!! 

Now leading the series 3-0, Go Bruins!!, And we're going into overtime! Go Bruins!, Let's Go Bruins!!, We have an awesome band playing here on Saturday for the first time, The Fighting Jamesons!!

Check them out
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/fighting-jamesons, It is TUESDAY TRIVIA NIGHT! 

Hang out on the patio, trivia doesn't until 8:30pm!

It's beautiful out!
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-36, Join us for our Monday night Traditional Irish Seisiun! Stay for hockey playoff action!

Let's go Bruins!!!, null, It's SO hot out, cool down tonight with live music from CHILL SET!

CALLING ALL LADIES...Get in for FREE before 11pm!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/chillset-0, What a beautiful night for a few patio drinks before QUESTIONNAIREY!!!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-37, Sing your little heart out tonight with DJ On Demand! Starts at 8:30!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/karaoke-dj-demand-30, null, 9am Game time! ALL IRELAND CHAMPIONSHIP!, Let's Go Bruins!, Ladies Night oh WHAT A NIGHT! Ladies in for FREE before 11pm!

Live music by The Big Drift!
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/big-drift-0, This Sunday! GAA, Kickoff Memorial Day the right way with a little live music from Brandon!

See you tonight!
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/brandon-0, Sing your little heart out tonight!!!

DJ On Demand starts at 8:30pm! They have everything you want to sing!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/karaoke-dj-demand-29, Good thing we have our victory dance ready!!

Bruins lead 3-0 in the conference semifinals!, Here we go Bruins!!, Bruins tonight at 7:30pm!!! We have plenty of seats for you! 

Get in the spirit and wear your best Bruins gear, just don't make this rookie mistake...

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7YAfb1Yrbc, BRUINS WIN!! Take 2-0 lead in the conference semifinals! 

Game 3 Tuesday in NY... Go B's!, Here we go Boston!! Let's go Bruins!!, It's about to start!!!, OOOOOO Cover Me Badd! TONIGHT!

Let's party!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/cover-me-badd-4, ALL IRELAND TOMORROW MORNING! 9am! Don't miss it!, Tonight is LADIES NIGHT!!! Ladies in free before 11pm~ Live music by Pi Alley!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/pi-alley-3, All Ireland Championship this Sunday!, Come on down for the BRUINS GAME! Stay for Questionnairey at 9pm!!!, Mmmmm chocolate martinis made by Jacqui and DJ On Demand Karaoke? Do not mind if we do!!!, What a great event at our sister pub Ned Devine's Irish Pub, Amazing game!!! BRUINS!!!!, It's a beautiful day for a traditional Irish Seisiun!

Starts at 7pm
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/traditional-irish-seisiun-12, WAKE UP!!!! Don't forget to call your mother!

Happy Mother's Day everyone!!!, What's everyone doing tonight? We have a DJ for all your party needs!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/dj-night-0, Beautiful day, patio is open for some after work beverages!

Or come by later for our DJ! It's Friday!!!, QUESTIONNAIREY TONIGHT! 9pm!
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-34

Check us out, get out of the pouring rain! We have Curious Traveler on tap!, Possible Mother's Day gift: You, your mom, your sister/aunt/grandmother/god-mother and/or friend enjoying dinner & drinks with us before Paint Nite!! 

A value of $600, now going for $100 in an online silent auction to benefit MBTA Officer Richard Donohue & his family. Bidding ends tomorrow! 

Painting not your thing? There's lots of other great items... please share & bid generously! 

http://www.32auctions.com/organizations/7811/auctions/8615/auction_items/180782, It's a pretty gross day outside... maybe a Sam Adams Curious Traveler Summer Shandy Ale will make it feel a little more like yesterday!?, Enjoy some dinner & drinks  on our patio then stick around for Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-32, Chicken Tenders and cold beer... goes perfectly with the Sox and/or Bruins game!, Kentucky Derby!!! Get your fancy hats on and come on down!

DJ tonight!, MUSE HOUSE live tonight!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/muse-house-3, Questionnairey tonight at 9pm!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-33, What a night last night!!! Let's Go Boston!, DJ ON DEMAND Karaoke tonight at 8:30pm!

Oh and we are showing Bruins & Celtics, don't worry! We are here for you!, Question: What goes great with delicious food & cold beer?

Answer: TEAM TRIVIA!

Tonight at 8:30pm
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-32, Can't think of a better way to wrap up a Monday!, It's a beautiful day in the Brighton neighborhood!

We would love to see you for Sunday Funday!, null, Congrats to the Todd Biggins Band - Round 1 winner in the Battle of the Bands to open EarthFest 2013!! A big thank you to to Radio 92.9, Heineken and all those who came out last night!! 

Round 2 is at Ned Devine's Irish Pub next Wednesday!   , Battle of the Bands tonight!

This is the first of three events! The winner at the finals will perform at the 92.9 Earthfest! 

The four bands that will compete tonight are; The Jessica Prouty Band, The Todd Biggins Band, The Tymes and Beautiful Tuesday!

See you at 9pm!
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/heineken-radio-929-battle-bands, Just a reminder that Questionnairey has been cancelled for tomorrow night due to the Battle of The Bands events with 92.9 & Heineken. It will be back next Thursday as usual!

Check out this awesome event! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/heineken-radio-929-battle-bands, Trivia Tuesday starts at 8:30pm!

Win some gift cards and have a great time!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-31, Battle of the Bands Round 1 This Thursday!! 

Winner will open Earthfest 2013!!, Our pals over at MJ O'Connor's are Saluting Boston's heroes this Thursday starting at 4pm!

RSVP and feel free to make a donation!

http://www.eventbrite.com/event/6374425077/efbbt, We are here with all your Brunch needs if you just want to kick back, relax and enjoy this beautiful Sunday!

Have a great day everyone!, Our Bruins are Back! Our Sox are Back! Our City is Back! 

We are so very grateful for our beloved city and those who protect it!! Thank you!!

We will be open today as usual with MSF Band performing this evening as scheduled. 

#BostonStrong #BostonGrateful 

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/msf-band, We will reopen tonight at 9pm. #openinbos, Show your love & support for our fantastic city and wear your Boston gear TOMORROW!! 

http://www.bostoneventsolutions.com/whats-new/wear-boston-day, If you are going to the Bruins tonight, swing by our sister pub The Harp and support The One Fund!, We hope everyone stays safe. Our hearts and prayers go out to everyone in the city today., Delicious Spinach & Artichoke Dip 

served with corn tortillas, warm pita, carrots & celery, We've got ChillSet tonight! 

Good music, good friends, good beers, great night! 

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/chillset, The weekend is FINALLY here... and we've got Pi Alley to start it off right!! 

Grab your friends and get ready to hear your favorite songs in a whole new way!! 

Ladies are in FREE before 11PM 

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/pi-alley-2, Kicking off the weekend right!, It's time for Questionnairey with Michelle!!, Lucky winners!! Just in time for the Bruins game!!, Guinness gear giveaway!! T shirts, towels, and a Guinness Bruins jersey to one lucky winner!!, Bruins vs. Islanders tonight! 

Grab a seat at the bar, order a Guinness, and enter to win this jersey - from 5-7PM

Then stick around for the Questionnairey at 9PM, Life Tip: Have a go-to karaoke song. You'll want to be prepared when the time (or booze) feels right. 

Karaoke starts at 8:30 tonight!! 

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/karaoke-dj-demand-25, Q: What's the best way to spend this evening? 

A: Trivia, beer & friends at the Green Briar!! Staring at 8:30PM. 

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-29, Thinking about where to go after work??, Big day in sports... ending with the NCAA Championship - Michigan vs. Louisville!!

We've got cold beer & seats at the bar, Grab a Guinness, some fish & chips and take in the Traditional Irish Seisiun! If you have an instrument, jump on in!

Starts at 7pm

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/traditional-irish-seisiun-8, Beautiful Opening Day!!!

Let's Go Sox!!, It's a lazy Sunday, how about some delicious comfort food like this awesome Fried Chicken Sandwich!?, Before you catch Lulu's playing, we've got all the games on for a big sports night! Bruins and Final Four!!! And we have beer! We love Saturdays., Lulu's In Crisis are here tonight! Can't wait for an awesome Saturday Night!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/lulus-crisis-1, Oh yes it's Ladies Night, OH WHAT A NIGHT! Ladies get in for FREE before 11pm!

Live music tonight by Muse House!
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/muse-house-1, Questionnairey tonight at 9pm!
Stop in first for some delicious eats & maybe a pint or two!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-30, Paint Nite starts tonight at 7pm! Purchase your tickets here and find out what the painting of the night will be!

https://paintnite.com/boston/buytickets/792, Looking for something fun to do tonight? TRIVIA starts at 8:30pm!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-28, So much for this beautiful Spring day! At least we have the Irish Seisiun to shield us from this thunderstorm! Starts at 7pm, see you then!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/traditional-irish-seisiun-7, Spring is in the air!!! So long winter!

Happy Opening Day! Red Sox vs. Yankees at 1pm. 
Youklis is a Yankee, can you believe it?
Who thinks the Sox are going to have a great year?, Happy Easter everyone!!!, Brandon is here tonight!!! Check him out!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/brandon, A LOT going on tonight! Live music with The Boston Naturals!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/boston-naturals-ladies-night-friday-giveaways-1, Great Paint Nite last night! Check out our very own ROSS! He is quite the artist! Like Bob ROSS! ha, Pastrami Reuben...pastrami, sauerkraut, Swiss cheese & Russian dressing on toasted rye bread

What are you having for dinner?!, Trivia tonight at 8:30pm! Join us for delicious food, great brews & you could win some awesome gift cards!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-27, Bag of Crisps - potato chips served with French onion dip

AMAZING alone, but go best with beer & friends!, Happy Sunday! How about an early dinner?, HOORAY...LEDGER is playing tonight!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/ledger-2, Ladies Night! Ladies get in for FREE before 11pm! Live music by UNDER THE COVERS & Friday night giveaways are still on!


http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/under-covers-ladies-night-friday-giveaways, Questionnairey tonight at 9pm! You can't win, if you don't play!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-28, One of the greatest meals ever... Grilled Cheese & Soup!!

Housemade Mozzarella & Basil on Pressed Ciabatta Bread Served with a Cup of Creamy Tomato Basil Soup, TOMORROW! March Madness begins! Watch at your favorite neighborhood pub!!!

http://www.ncaa.com/interactive-bracket/basketball-men/d1, March Madness is here! Join our pals over at The Harp for a live broadcast with WEEI Sports Radio Network at 10am!

Details here: http://www.harpboston.com/calendar/march-madness-live-broadcast-weei, What a great day at The Briar! Relive St. Patrick's Day & tag yourself!, Three Leaf Clover Bread Pudding...Guinness, Baileys & Jameson #stpatricksday #briarpubs, Lake Shore Drive are on!, Happy St. Patrick's Day from Biz and Brigid!!! Corned beef & cabbage awaits! #stpatricksday #briarpubs, Thanks for everyone that joined us the day before the greatest day of the year! Live music from Cover Me Badd!, Having a blast with Cover Me Badd this St Patrick's Eve!, Happy St. Patrick's Eve! 

Celebrate tonight with live music from Cover Me Badd! 

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/cover-me-badd-3, Celebrating St. Patrick's Weekend with Fish & Chips!!

... Golden & Crisp in a Rich Lager Batter, Fries, Coleslaw, Tatar Sauce and Lemon, Kicking Off St. Patrick's Weekend Right!!, We didn't make it to Round 4 in the Boston.com Irish Pub Showdown, but a HUGE thank you to all who voted for us!!

We have the best customers!!!!, Start St. Patrick's Day weekend off right with The Amazing Apples - straight from Galway, Ireland - TONIGHT at 9PM!!! 

Get your tickets online or at the door.   

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/amazing-apples, BostInno named us one of the Top 5 Irish Bars in Boston - Awesome!! 

Help us win the Boston.com Irish Pub Showdown by voting for us below... Round 3 ends TONIGHT!! 

http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/special/irish_pubs_bracket/, Even though we don't have the same cool back drop as in this video, you should STILL come down tonight and sing Karaoke with DJ On Demand. I am sure they have this song!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/karaoke-dj-demand-21

https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=O9_Gvbn2pFs, We made it to round 3!!! Thank you so much to everyone who voted - please place a few more votes! http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/special/irish_pubs_bracket/, Trivia tonight at 8:30pm!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-25, We made it to round 2!  Please vote for us for Best Irish Pub in Boston! http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/special/irish_pubs_bracket/, null, Good Morning! We are so excited to be included in Boston.com's Irish Pub Showdown. Please take a moment to vote for us today!  http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/special/irish_pubs_bracket/, Where you here Friday night? Tag yourself in our photos! AWESOME IRELAND TRIP GIVEAWAY PARTY! Thanks everyone!

https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10152672187050026.1073741826.465329490025&type=1, null, Amazing Apples will be performing live & unplugged this Thursday! 

For tickets & info http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/amazing-apples

Check them out http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJiR_7EsHk4, THE HYPE tonight!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/hype-2, 6 Nations 9:30am!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/6-nations-rugby-5, Justin and his girlfriend are going to IRELAND!!!!!!!, Guinness guy is here! #takemetoireland, This box wil be full shortly! #takemetoireland, Setting up for tonight! This place looks like Guinness shamrocks exploded everywhere!, TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT! IRELAND TRIP GIVEAWAY PARTY!!! WE have been waiting for this ALL Year! Live music, Guinness, Bushmills, prizes, delicious food!

Perfect Snow Night PARTY! http://takemetoireland.eventbrite.com/, What a great night and a great way to kickoff St. Patrick's Day week! Thanks to everyone for coming out in the snow! Special thanks to Guinness, Bushmills & WAAF!, What is warm, dry, fun and starts at 9pm tonight?

QUESTIONNAIREY!!! See you tonight!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-26, Count down to St. Patrick's Day! It's the moooooooooooooooost wonderful time of the year!!!

Start early with us THIS Friday at 8pm we are hosting the TENTH Annual Ireland Trip giveaway party!

Sign up here....https://www.facebook.com/events/496643527058767/, Thursday, March 14th Amazing Apples will perform LIVE & unplugged!

Kind of like this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzjwJVLFJMA

Get your tickets here...http://amazingapples.eventbrite.com/, Raise a toast to Larry Reynolds, Step dancers fueling up before they perform!, Tribute seisiun is underway. Great turnout to honor a great man., Thanks to everyone for coming out to the Larry Reynolds Tribute last night. The turnout was amazing! It was so great to see everyone and honor a truly great man!, We cannot believe the Ireland Trip Giveaway Party is THIS FRIDAY! 
Sign up here http://takemetoireland.eventbrite.com/

This is a picture of the winner from two years ago! She was in SHOCK!, Just a reminder that we are honoring our dear friend Larry Reynolds tomorrow night at 6pm.

We would love to see all your friendly faces.

http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/larry-reynolds-celebrating-music-legend, MUSE HOUSE TONIGHT! Ladies in for FREE before 11pm and don't forget Friday night giveaways!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/muse-house-ladies-night-friday-giveaways-1, Win this prize pack next Friday at our Annual Ireland Trip Giveaway Party! Just tag yourself or like to be entered to win!, Wow, we have SO many awesome things coming up, not to even MENTION St. Patrick's Day right around the corner!!!

Who is coming to see Amazing Apples?, Monday, March 4th @6pm...honoring a music legend!
http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/larry-reynolds-celebrating-music-legend, Hosting Trivia every Tuesday at 8:30PM. Grab some friends & test your knowledge! Great prizes to the winning team., Beer and trivia makes for a great trivia., Just added to our entertainment calendar for Thursday, March 14th, all the way from Galway, Ireland, Amazing Apples!!!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/amazing-apples, Kick off St. Patrick's Day the right way! We are throwing a huge bash on Friday, March 8th! The music will be playing, the Guinness will be flowing and one lucky guest will win a TRIP TO IRELAND!

RSVP here http://takemetoireland.eventbrite.com/

It's sooooooooooooo much fun!, For those of you that don't know, every Monday we host a Traditional Irish Seisiun! Musicians from all over come to the Briar and play beautiful Irish music. It starts at 7pm!

On Monday, March 4th, we are going to honor the life of the man that started it all! Larry Reynolds led the seisiun for almost 25 years! Stop in and raise a toast to honor the man who started it all! Gone, but NEVER forgotten!, WIN A TRIP TO IRELAND! It's our 10th Annual party! We are kicking off St. Patrick's Day with a big bash! Friday, March 8th.

Sign up now http://takemetoireland.eventbrite.com/, GO IRELAND!, BIG GAME TOMORROW! 9am sharp!, Live music tonight with COVER ME BADD! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/cover-me-badd-1, RSVP here for the Annual Ireland Trip Giveaway Party! 

https://www.facebook.com/events/496643527058767/, null, 6 Nations this weekend!, TONIGHT we have live music by Ledger - The Band, it's also LADIES NIGHT! Ladies get in for FREE before 11pm! And don't forget about our Friday giveaways! 

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/ledger-ladies-night-friday-giveaways, GO IRELAND!, Get ready for TOMORROW!!!! 6 NATIONS, We will open at 5pm!, Blizzard Watch 2013! We are open today! All live entertainment has been cancelled for the weekend and unfortunately we are not opening until 5pm tomorrow, so we won't be showing 6 Nations Rugby Saturday morning! Sunday we WILL be open for IRELAND vs. ENGLAND 10am! GO IRELAND!, Italy vs. France at 10am! No Cover Charge! Get all your 6 Nations Action here! Happy Sunday! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/6-nations-rugby-0, Who is getting up for 6 Nations at10am?, We've got food, beer and a seat for you on Super Bowl Sunday!!, MUSE HOUSE TONIGHT! Ladies get in for FREE before 11pm! Don't forget about Friday night giveaways! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/muse-house-ladies-night-friday-giveaways-0, STARTING TOMORROW!!!! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/6-nations-rugby, RadioBDC, Coors Light, prizes and these lovely bartenders...what more could you want? See you at 10pm!, Getting pumped for our Lift Off Party tonight with the Coors Light Drafters & RadioBDC 10pm!, RadioBDC gave all our happy guests Waterville Valley lift tickets to party with them this weekend!, Skiers & boarders interested in free gear & lift tickets, join us TONIGHT from 10PM - 12AM for our Lift Off Party!! 

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/radiobdc-coors-light-drafters-lift-party-giving-away-100-ski-passes, Don't let this warm weather fool you, winter is still here - which means there's still plenty of skiing/boarding to be had!! Win gear, life tickets, and a chance to attend one of the best après ski parties at Waterville Valley at our RadioBDC & The Coors Light Drafters Lift Off Party TOMORROW 10PM - 12AM!, null, Where are all the skiers/boarders out there!? We hope to see you tomorrow night at 10pm! Tons of lift ticket giveaways!, Attention skiers & snowboarders: We're hosting the RadioBDC & The Coors Light Drafters Lift Off Party this Thursday!! 

100 lift tickets & tons of winter sports gear will be given away - you do not want to miss it!!

http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/radiobdc-coors-light-drafters-lift-party-giving-away-100-ski-passes, Team Trivia tonight at 8:30pm! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-19, 6 Nations starts next weekend! Check out the full schedule http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar, LEDGER are back tonight! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/ledger-1, Join RadioBDC & Coors Light for a Lift Off Party! Tons of prizes & giveaways! Up to 100 lift tickets will be given away! Thursday, January 31st @10pm! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/radiobdc-coors-light-drafters-lift-party-giving-away-100-ski-passes, Tonight we have the Boston Naturals! It's also Ladies Night! Ladies in for Free before 11pm! Don't forget to sign up for our Friday giveaways. You could win BC Basketball or Hockey tickets! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/boston-naturals-ladies-night-friday-giveaways, Teaser!!! We are in the planning stages! It will be here before you know it! Mark your calendars for the 10th Annual Ireland Trip Giveaway! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/10th-annual-ireland-trip-giveaway-party, Stop by and see Laura today! She's ready to serve you some chowda for National Clam Chowder Day!, Let's Go Patriots!!!!, GAME DAY!!! It's do or die! COME ON DOWN!, Come down and hang out with DJ Rex tonight! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/dj-rex, Watch all the playoff action this Sunday with us! We have tons of TV's and an awesome $5 Game Day Menu! What more could you want!?, Come down early tomorrow and grab a seat for the playoff games! Great $5 game day menu!, LADIES GET IN FOR FREE BEFORE 11pm! We are still doing FRIDAY GIVEAWAYS so don't forget to sign up for Boston College Hockey and Basketball tickets! Live music tonight from Lake Shore Drive! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/lake-shore-drive-ladies-night-friday-giveaways, Who is getting ready for 6 Nations?, Watch all the playoff action at your favorite neighborhood pub!, Watch all the Playoff Action at your favorite pub!, Live music tonight with Pi Alley!
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/pi-alley-1, PLAYOFFS!, LADIES NIGHT! All Ladies get in for FREE before 11pm! Check out live music by BIG DRIFT! And every Friday is giveaway Friday! We have Boston College Basketball and Hockey tickets for you! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/big-drift-ladies-night-friday-giveaways, Where are YOU watching all the playoff action?, Who is coming to watch the BIG GAME TONIGHT?
COORS LIGHT will be here and you could win a PRIZE PACK!http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/bcs-championship, Notre Dame vs Alabama for BCS Championship! Tomorrow night @ 8:30pm! Coors Light will be here with giveaways and you could win a Coors Light prize pack! Get here early to get your seat!, It's Saturday Night! What are your plans? We have a DJ spinning all your favorite songs!, TONIGHT!Friday Night Giveaways! Win a set of Boston College Basketball tickets! Ladies in for FREE before 11pm! Live Music from Cherry Orchard! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/cherry-orchard, Notre Dame vs Alabama for BCS Championship! This Monday, January 7th! Kick off  @ 8:30pm! See you then!, Photos from Paint Nite!, Paint Nite tonight!, null, Happy New Year everyone! Check out photos from last night! http://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10152416246555026.943067.465329490025&type=1, Ringing in 2013 was a blast!, null, null, 10 more tickets just became available...to purchase tickets http://greenbriarnewyears.eventbrite.com/, NEW YEAR'S EVE!!! Who is coming to the party tonight?, We have 26 tickets left for tonight! Don't miss out! Cover Me Badd will be here, it's going to be a blast! Happy New Year's EVE! http://greenbriarnewyears.eventbrite.com/, Jets vs. Bills today at 1pm! See you at game time! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/jets-vs-bills, Still time to purchase New Year's Eve tickets! Live Music by Cover Me Badd http://greenbriarnewyears.eventbrite.com/, Stop by today at 4pm for a Benefit Concert for Sandy Hook Elementary School! Free Food & Live Music. $5 at the door for donations! Stay for our DJ after the event!, Friday Night Giveaways! Win Boston College Basketball tickets TONIGHT! We are giving away TWO sets! 
One for tomorrow's game; BC vs. Holy Cross 2pm & 
Monday's game; BC vs. Dartmouth 2pm! We have a DJ spinning all night! http://www.bceagles.com/sports/m-baskbl/bc-m-baskbl-body.html, New Year's Eve Tickets still available...but they are going fast! http://greenbriarnewyears.eventbrite.com/, null, There are still a few tickets left for our New Year's Eve Bash! You can purchase them here...http://greenbriarnewyears.eventbrite.com/, Happy St. Stephen's Day to all! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hX7icoFY0U0, Benefit Concert for Sandy Hook Elementary School!
When: Saturday Decemeber 29th 2012
Where: The Green Briar
Time: 4-8p.m. with Music starting around 5pm
Why: To raise money for the families of Sandy Hook Elementary School in order to cover costs of funeral expenses, psychiatric treatment.
Free food & Live Music!!
$5 cover at the door for donations
checks preferable; Made out to 'Sandy Hook School Fund'

We hope you can all make it!, Merry Christmas to all our friends & family! Hope you all have a great day!, How is this for a last minute Christmas present idea...tickets to our New Year's Eve bash! It's going to be a blast! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/new-years-eve-bash-2013, We are open at 11:30am! Merry Christmas Eve!, Need a last minute gift idea? One stop shopping right here! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/gift-cards, Jets vs. Chargers today! 1pm, The DJ will play all of your requests! See you tonight! Don't forget to get tickets to our NEW YEAR'S EVE BASH! Cover Me Badd will be performing! http://www.eventbrite.com/myevent?eid=4840565261, Lunch time! Try some of our delicious new menu items the Chef Mike created like Pappardelle- Sweet Italian sausage, peppers, onions & cherry tomatoes in a spicy tomato cream sauce tossed with fresh pappardelle pasta, Black and blue, it's good for you! Have a great weekend!, Tonight you could win Boston College Basketball tickets! 
Boston College vs.Providence! Come on down, win some ticekts & dance the night away to our awesome DJ!, Great night for QUESTIONNAIREY! Check it out! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-20, See you at Paint Nite http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/paint-nite-21, Tickets are still available for New Year's Eve! They are going fast! http://greenbriarnewyears.eventbrite.com/ Live Music by Cover Me Badd!, Happy Holidays everyone!, Thank you to everyone that came out to yesterday's Brunch with Santa! It was a great turnout and all the kids enjoyed themselves! Thanks to all the generous people that donated toys to the Franciscan Hospital for Children. It's great to see the neighborhood come together! A few pictures will be posted in the next 5 minutes!, New Year's Eve tickets on sale now! http://greenbriarnewyears.eventbrite.com/, Brunch with Santa starts at 11am today! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/brunch-santa, Don't forget Santa is coming to town tomorrow! Please bring an unwrapped toy for the Franciscan Hospital for Children http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/brunch-santa, Live Music with Lulu's in Crisis tonight!, Don't miss out on NEW YEAR'S EVE at your favorite Brighton Bar! http://greenbriarnewyears.eventbrite.com/, DJ TONIGHT! No Cover Charge! Come down and win some BC Basketball tickets!http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/ladies-night-and-friday-giveaways-12, Happy happy birthday to our Manager, Buddy!, Since it's Friday, treat yourself to this new menu item for lunch, Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwich-chipotle aioli, cole slaw & bacon on a toasted roll..., Join us tonight....http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-19, Who is coming to the Santa Brunch this Sunday? http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/brunch-santa, We hope to see all our neighborhood friends this Sunday! Santa will be here at 11am! Please bring an unwrapped toy for the Franciscan Hospital for Children ! It's going to be a great time! http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/brunch-santa, Hey, we're on Instagram! Check out photos of our new menu items, follow @thegreenbriar http://instagram.com/thegreenbriar, Our new menu is available for lunch today! Check it out http://www.greenbriarpub.com/lunch-dinner, Get your New Year's tickets now! http://greenbriarnewyears.eventbrite.com/, Santa is coming! I KNOW HIM!, Are you ready for some football!!?!?!? What? I can say that EVERY Sunday! Game time 1pm http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/jets-vs-jaguars, Live music tonight by cover band Chill Set!, TONIGHT IS LADIES NIGHT! Ladies in for FREE before 11pm! Live music by The Boston Naturals & BC TICKET GIVEAWAYS! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/ladies-night-and-friday-giveaways-11, Trivia Tonight! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-16, Guess who is coming back..., After the tree lighting, stop in for a pint, some dinner & our traditional Irish Seisiun at 7pm!, Tree lighting tonight! Also, save the date: Our Second Annual Santa Brunch will be on December 16! , Spend New Year's at your favorite neighborhood pub! http://greenbriarnewyears.eventbrite.com/, Sunday Funday! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/jets-vs-cardinals, Live music tonight with Pi Alley!, Perfect spot for any holiday party! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/plan-your-event, Tonight is Ladies Night! All Ladies get in FREE before 11pm! It's also Friday giveaway night! We have BC vs. Harvard Basketball tickets to giveaway! AND, COVER ME BADD is playing. They are also playing our New Year's Eve Bash...get your tickets here http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/new-years-eve-bash-2013, Brighton Tree Lighting!, Questionnairey Tonight! The grand prize are tickets to the Boston College vs. Boston University Hockey game tomorrow night! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-17, Photos from last night's Paint Nite, Tonight we have Paint Nite and DJ On Demand! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/paint-nite-18, New Year's Eve with Cover Me Badd! Don't miss out! http://greenbriarnewyears.eventbrite.com/, Join us for the Longest Running Traditional Irish Seisiun tonight! 7pm http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/irish-seisiun-9, It's the most wonderful time of the year!, Hi Friends, If you want to make sure you are seeing all of our posts, click on the "LIKED" button and choose "Get Notifications"

This way you won't miss out on any of our news and upcoming events! We don't want you to miss a thing!, Get your New Year's Tickets now.... Cover Me Badd will be performing! http://greenbriarnewyears.eventbrite.com/, Actually, there is NO COVER at all with a DJ! So i guess it's Ladies & Gentlemen's Night! ha, Friday Night Giveaways! We have BC Basketball tickets!!! Plus it's Ladies night and all Ladies get in for FREE before 11pm! DJ spinning all night! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/dj-0, Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! Have a great day! We are closed, but many of our sister restaurants are open if you are looking for something to do! http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/restaurants-open-thanksgiving, Speaking of seeing old friends, plan New Year's Eve while you are with them all tonight! http://greenbriarnewyears.eventbrite.com/, Meet up with the old gang for Thanksgiving Eve! You can challenge your old high school friends to a Karaoke contest! 8:30pm!, Trivia tonight! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-14, We will be closed this Thanksgiving, but take a look at our sister restaurants that are open and serving a Thanksgiving feast! http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/restaurants-open-thanksgiving, Get your tickets NOW for New Year's Eve! http://greenbriarnewyears.eventbrite.com/, ARe you ready for some football???http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/jets-vs-rams, Lulu's in Crisis are here tonight! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/lulus-crisis, One of our favorites The Boston Naturals will be playing live!

Every Friday, Ladies get in for FREE before 11pm!
We're giving away tickets to Boston College Hockey!!! Boston College vs. Dartmouth on 11/24/12 and Basketball: Boston College vs. Auburn on 11/21/12 http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/boston-naturals-ladies-night-bc-ticket-giveaways, Beat the rush and get your New Year's Eve tickets NOW! On sale here http://greenbriarnewyears.eventbrite.com/, Tonight, join our Irish Seisiun at 7pm http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/irish-seisiun-7, ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL!!!? http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/jets-vs-seahawks, ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL!!!? http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/jets-vs-seahawks, Happy Veteran's Day - Thank you to all the men and women who have served in our armed forces!, Boston College vs. Notre Dame at 8pm tonight! Stop in for lunch, or party with us after! OR BOTH! We have live music by an AWESOME band Ledger! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/ledger-0, Congratulations to Gordon!!! He and his wife Michelle welcomed baby boy Ryan Patrick into the world this morning!, It's Friday!  Have a great weekend everyone!, Tonight we have live music from Muse House! All Ladies get in for free before 11pm and we are giving away BC hockey AND Basketball tickets!!! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/muse-house-ladies-night-friday-giveaways, Host your Holiday Party at The Green Briar and let our event planners do all the work for you! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/plan-your-event, null, TONIGHT IS THE KARAOKE FINALS! Come one come all! Cheer on your favorite finalists! The Grand Prize is a party for you and 10 of your friends on a Karaoke Night! We will provide space & appetizers! Sponsored by Miller Lite! It's going to be GREAT! Start time is 8:30pm! Hope to see you all tonight! http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/karaoke-contest, Trivia Tonight! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-12, null, null, Best of luck to our wonderful bartenders Mari & Jacqui! Tonight they compete in the Pour the perfect Guinness finals! We also have Irish Seisiun tonight! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/irish-seisiun-6, Congrats to our bartenders Jacqui & Mari, as well as Frankie from MJ O'Connor's Waterfront and Jose from Ned Devine's Irish Pub for making it to the finals last night!, Aerosmith playing live on COMM AVE NOW! Watch it streaming here http://blogs.bostonmagazine.com/boston_daily/2012/11/05/live-watch-aerosmiths-concert-desk/, BELIEVE the Hype! They are playing tonight! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/hype-0, TONIGHT! Live music by Pi Alley and take a look at what we are giving away for our Friday GIVEAWAYS! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/pi-alley-ladies-night-bc-ticket-giveaways, null, Live music tonight! NO COVER for LADIES before 11pm http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/pi-alley-ladies-night-bc-ticket-giveaways, null, So awesome to see all the kids trick or treating! Thanks to Brighton Main Streets, Check out pics from our Halloween party!, Happy Halloween everyone! See you tonight! http://www.facebook.com/events/294784067304364/, WEDNESDAY NIGHT!!! http://www.facebook.com/events/294784067304364/, We will be open tonight at 5pm! Don't let Sandy tell you what to do! Jacqui & Mari say "Come out & have a pint!", Last night's party was AWESOME! Post some pics if you have them! The best 3 pictures will win a $10 gift card! If you missed last night, you have another chance on HALLOWEEN! http://www.facebook.com/events/294784067304364/, Are you ready for some FOOTBALL!? http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/jets-vs-dolphins-0, Last night's party with Cover Me Badd was awesome! Check out photos: http://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10152242087315026.918781.465329490025&type=1, null, See you tonight for the Cover Me Badd Halloween party! http://www.facebook.com/events/117189058432523/, Two chances to celebrate Halloween! Cover Me Badd is having a bash tomorrow night http://www.facebook.com/events/117189058432523/ , if you can't make that party...join us on Halloween Night! http://www.facebook.com/events/294784067304364/, Tonight we have live music by The Boston Naturals...It's also LADIES NIGHT! Ladies get in for free before 11pm! AND, we are giving away tickets to Boston College Hockey: Boston College vs UMass Lowell, the game is on Sunday! See you tonight!, null, November 7th we are holding the finals!, Week FOUR of our karaoke contest! Show us what you got! http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/karaoke-contest, TEAM TRIVIA!!! Tonight at 8:30pm http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-10, Saturday! Halloween Party with Cover Me Badd!!!  $100 Gift Card for the best costume!  http://www.facebook.com/events/117189058432523/, Traditional Live Irish Seisiun tonight at 7pm http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/irish-seisiun-4, Don't miss Brighton's Biggest Halloween Bash! $300 Cash for best costume! http://www.facebook.com/events/294784067304364/, JETS vs. PATS today! Gametime 4:25pm! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/jets-vs-patriots, Don't miss Brighton's Biggest Halloween Bash! $300 Cash for best costume! http://www.facebook.com/events/294784067304364/, Check out The Hype tonight! They are a fun time! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/hype, LADIES NIGHT! Ladies in for free before 11pm! Live Music by Muse House tonight! ALSO, it's giveaway FRIDAY! We have BC vs. Maryland football tickets to giveaway tonight!, The Saturday before Halloween, the party is here! We're giving out a $100 Green Briar gift card for best costume and Cover me Badd is playing ALL night! https://www.facebook.com/events/117189058432523/?fref=ts, Questionnairey tonight at 9pm! There is something for everyone, EVERY night at the Briar! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-11, null, Paint Nite & Karaoke tonight! It's week #3! Still time to enter the Karaoke contest! Sponsored by Miller Lite! http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/karaoke-contest, http://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10152213171095026.914214.465329490025&type=1&l=dfc0fb6694, JOIN US FOR HALLOWEEN!, null, Lets add two more Briar Group people to the pour the perfect Guinness finals November 5th! Congrats to our lovely bartenders Jacqui and Mari!!!, Pour the Perfect Pint of Guinness is taking place NOW in the side room! Stop in & cheer for your favorite bartender!, Congrats to our lovely bartenders Jacqui & Mari for pouring the perfect pint and advancing on to the finals at The Black Rose November 5th!, Gametime! Jets vs. Colts 1pm http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/jets-vs-colts, Live Music tonight by Ledger!, Available now, The Green Briar gift cards! The perfect gift for any occasion can now be purchased through our facebook page http://onelink.quickgifts.com/merchant/the-green-briar-irish-pub/, THIS JUST IN: Tonight's Giveaway Friday is tickets to Tuesday’s Celtics game –Oct. 16 vs The Nets!!!! BE HERE TO WIN!, Not only is it ladies night but it's also GIVEAWAY FRIDAYS! Come down & sign up to win a $50 gift card!, It's Friday and you know what that means...it's LADIES NIGHT! Ladies get in free tonight before 11pm! Live music by The Big Drift! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/big-drift, Paint Nite is going so well! We love hosting it!, Take a looks at the photos from the first week of our DJ On Demand Karaoke contest! Come down tonight at 8:30pm for week 2 and you could move on to the finals November 7th!, Jets vs. Texans 8:30pm http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/j-e-t-s-jets-jets-jets-boston, Pats vs. Broncos 4:25pm, Live Music tonight with Pi Alley
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/pi-alley-0, Who would come see The Rubber Bandits if we have them play here? http://www.therubberbandits.com/home/, We have so much going on tonight! Live music by the Boston Naturals, Ladies NIGHT! All ladies get in free before 11pm & we are giving away a $50 gift card tonight! Every Friday night we will be giving away something different! From sporting event tickets to gift cards! See you tonight!, It's with a very heavy heart that we make this post today. Larry Reynolds has been such a prominent figure at The Green Briar for years! He brings you all our amazing Irish Seisiun every Monday and words cannot describe how much he will be missed. http://irishboston.org/Larry_Reynolds.php, null, Karaoke Contest tonight at 7:30pm. Read more http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/karaoke-contest, Get your team together and head on down here at 8:30pm! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-0, Tomorrow night, we start our DJ On Demand Karaoke Contest!, Tonight at 7pm Irish Seisiun http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/irish-seisiun-1, Galway vs. Kilkenny in the Senior Hurling Championship finals!, Gametime! Are you ready for some FOOTBALL??? http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/jets-vs-49ers, Live music tonight with Cherry Orchard!, LIVE GAA Action starts tomorrow at 8:15am! It is going to be packed so get in early and grab some breakfast!, Live music tonight with Pi Alley! LADIES NIGHT! No cover before 11pm! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/pi-alley, Questionnairey tonight! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-0, null, SUNDAY! SUNDAYYYYYYYYYYYY, Team Trivia Tonight 8:30pm http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays, Irish Seisiun tonight at 7pm http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/irish-seisiun-0, Check out photos of the Briar packed with fans watching Donegal vs. Mayo!, Jets vs. Dolphins 1pm! See you all here! http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/j-e-t-s-jets-jets-jets-boston, Slammed for the Donegal/Mayo game! GAA Action!, GAA ACTION!, Live Music tonight by Muse House! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/muse-house, Live GAA tomorrow!!! Don't miss it!, TONIGHT! Live music from Cover Me Badd, ladies in free before 11pm and a giveaway for BC vs Clemson football tickets and a $50 Gift Card! http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/boston-college-ticket-giveaway, Thank you to Senator Brown for visiting us last night after his debate and pouring a pint!, Thanks to our Senator for stopping by post-debate tonight!, Scott Brown and his lovely wife Gail are here for a visit!, GAA ACTION! So pumped!, This Friday! Live music from Cover Me Badd, ladies in free before 11pm and a giveaway for BC vs Clemson football tickets and a $50 Gift Card! http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/boston-college-ticket-giveaway, Today is National Cheeseburger Day! Celebrate with one of our delicious choices!, We host the longest running traditional Irish Seisiun in Boston every Monday at 7pm! Take a look at what we have going on the rest of the week!, Game time 4:15pm! Come in early & grab some food! http://ow.ly/i/W0rD http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/%E2%80%9Cirish-seisiun%E2%80%9D-8, We have a new band tonight...The Matt Jackson Band! 9pm http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/matt-jackson-band, ATTENTION FOOTBALL FANS! We have the SUNDAY TICKET! Sunday at 4pm meet the Bud Light girls & get some cool stuff!
http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/%E2%80%9Cirish-seisiun%E2%80%9D-8, Live music tonight with The Boston Naturals! Oh yes it's ladies night & we're feeling right! Ladies get in for free before 11pm!, Tomorrow, join our friends at MJ O'Connor's for their first ever Halfway to St. Patrick's Day Party, 5-8pm: http://mjshalfway.eventbrite.com/, 9pm Questionnairey starts! Play alone or with friends! It's a blast  http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/questionnairey-8, null, Team  Trivia tonight at 8:30pm! We have it every http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar/trivia-tuesdays-8Tuesday night...check out our calendar to learn more..., null, Busy day this morning! Live GAA & now getting ready for SOME FOOTBALL!, GAA FINALS!!!, LIVE GAA TOMORROW!, Are you ready for some FOOTBALL? We have the NFL ticket! Come down & watch your favorite team at your favorite pub! Also, if you are a Jets fan, this is the place to be! We are hosting the Jets Boston Area Fan Club...read more about it http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new/j-e-t-s-jets-jets-jets-boston, LULUS in CRISIS TONIGHT! COME ON PARTY PEOPLEEEEEEEE, GAA FINALS!, Live music is BACK on Friday! Also, LADIES NIGHT! No Cover before 11pm! One of the best bands tonight..LEDGER!, Sunday GAA Action!, We couldn't be more excited about football starting!!! If you or your friends are Jets, Bills or Cowboys fans, here are the places to call home in Boston: http://www.briar-group.com/whats-new, Happy Labor Day! Join us for tonight's Irish Seisiun!, DJ ON DEMAND! KARAOKE tonight! No excuse, you don't have to work tomorrow, LIVE GAA, LIVE GAA ACTION TOMORROW!, Spend your Saturday Night dancing to your favorite songs! We have a DJ tonight!, The Boston Naturals are playing tonight!, Live GAA this Sunday!, Questionnairey tonight!, null, null, TRIVIA TONIGHT!, Looks like a nice sunny day now! How about lunch on our patio?, DJ On Demand tonight! KARAOKE! What is your favorite song? I am sure DJ On Demand has it!, LIVE GAA ACTIONS, Live Music tonight by THROWBACK! Live GAA Tomorrow!, Check out this after party today at 5:30pm The Harp http://www.facebook.com/events/350952458314152/, DJ spinning tonight!, After party this Saturday at The Harp http://www.facebook.com/events/350952458314152/, GAA This Sunday, null, Getting ready for the neighborhood party, Neighborhood Party today at 5:30pm! http://www.facebook.com/events/146227808850697/, Today is Philipa's last day working with Mari! She will be missed!, Only 3 tickets left for tonight's Paint Nite http://paintnite.com/event/113, Tomorrow at 5:30pm! Hope to see you all!
http://www.facebook.com/events/146227808850697/, Angry Orchard is chilling on tap and waiting for team trivia to start!, Taste some of these delicious new menu items on Thursday, 8/23/12 http://www.facebook.com/events/146227808850697/#!/events/146227808850697/ @5:30pm, Irish Seisiun tonight! 7pm, We hope to see you all there! Share with your friends!, null, DJ On Demand Karaoke tonight! Woop woop, LIVE GAA!!!, Don't forget Live GAA tomorrow!, Muse House tonight! Come on down!, Don't forget to RSVP! Mingle with your friends & neighbors!, One of our fave's The Boston Naturals are playing tonight!, Live GAA this Sunday!, Next Thursday Neighborhood Bash! Try some of the items off our new menu from our new Chef Mike!, Trivia Tonight! Come on down!, Thursday, August 23rd! Spend some time in the neighborhood! Please RSVP to info@greenbriarpub.com, $5 Happy Hour Menu served at the bar 3-6pm!, DJ ON DEMAND! Karaoke tonight! You know you sing in the shower!, LIVE GAA TODAY! http://ow.ly/i/POog, LIVE GAA ACTION tomorrow! http://ow.ly/i/POnR, It's Saturday Night! Come out & dance! We have a DJ spinning all your favorite songs!, DJ spinning tonight!, It's Friday lunch time! Treat yourself to a Brighton Burger-8oz ground chuck, grilled to order, topped with grilled tomato, Irish bacon, fried onions & cheddar cheese! http://ow.ly/i/POlK  http://www.greenbriarpub.com/lunch-dinner, Come in early for our Happy Hour Menu 3-6pm at the bar only. http://ow.ly/i/PLBX Stay for Questionnairey!, LIVE GAA ACTION SUNDAY!, It's almost lunch time! If you like spicy try our Hawaiian Burger! MMM it's our favorite!, For the month of August save $15-$20 when you join the Boston Ski & Sports Club! http://www.bssc.com/index.cfm/page/Individual-Membership/pid/10305, DJ on DEMAND tonight! Show us your Karaoke talents!, Live GAA today! http://ow.ly/i/P376, DJ spinning all night!, LIVE GAA at noon! http://ow.ly/i/P35Y, DJ tonight! Come on down, GAA this weekend!, We hope to see you all at our Networking Event tonight. Complimentary appetizers, great people & great beer from Samuel Adams. Please RSVP if you haven't already http://summerthursdays.eventbrite.com/, Get your Paint on tonight! Paint Nite http://paintnite.com/event/110, Tomorrow night check out this great networking event we are hosting! Sponsored by Boston Event Solutions , BostInnovation.com & Samuel Adams! RSVP here http://summerthursdays.eventbrite.com/, Looking for something fun to do this Friday? There are still a few tickets left for the Annual Zoo Cruise! http://zoocruise.eventbrite.com/, GAA ACTION! http://ow.ly/i/Mzcs, Hope to see you for GAA tomorrow! http://ow.ly/i/Mzbn, Don't miss Live GAA Action Sunday! http://ow.ly/i/MzaQ, null, LIVE GAA SUNDAY! http://ow.ly/i/Mzat, Paint Nite tonight! It's a blast! 6pm http://www.paintnite.com/, Tuesday Trivia Night at 8:30pm!, Boston's longest running traditional Irish Seisiun every Monday at 7pm! If you aren't a musician you can still enjoy a pint and the music!, DJ On Demand Karaoke tonight! What's your signature Karaoke song?, LIVE GAA http://ow.ly/i/MnRB, Live GAA today at noon http://ow.ly/i/MnR0, Live GAA all weekend! http://ow.ly/i/MnRT, GAA THIS WEEKEND!, Live Music tonight with Half Moon! For our full entertainment calendar, visit our new website http://www.greenbriarpub.com/calendar, Live music tonight with Muse House!, Paint Nite happens every Wednesday, right here! , From our new menu: Spinach & Strawberries- Candied walnuts, goat cheese, cider vinegar & olive oil, Paint Nite tonight! Only 3 tickets left http://paintnite.com/event/109, This weekend!, Tuesday Trivia Night! What teams will we see tonight?, Visit the Green Briar for a contemporary take on your favorite pub classics. Our creative lunch and dinner menus boast the best burgers and sandwiches around, plus an ample selection of hearty entrees like fish and chips, beef stew and chicken curry. Let our seasoned bartenders mix up your favorite cocktail or pour you the perfect pint. Little ones will love to nibble of kid-friendly favorites from the Kid’s Corner menu. Join us every Sunday from 10am to 3pm for a classic Irish brunch., Karaoke tonight! DJ On Demand! You know you want to sing! http://ow.ly/i/LGtI, null, Friday Happy Hour Menu! Stick around tonight for live music with the Boston Naturals!, GAA Schedule for this weekend!, QUESTIONNAIREY TONIGHT! WE love it!, Thanks to our new Chef Mike, for all the new delicious items on our menu!, Have you tried the new Hawaiian Burger yet? It's 8oz ground chuck, grilled to order, topped with habanero BBQ glaze, grilled pineapple, bacon & cheddar cheese packed full of GOODNESS!, We have some awesome team names at trivia! What is your team's name? Stump Trivia tonight at 8:30pm!, Happy Hour menu starts in 10 minutes! Come down for some delicious bites like these delicious house fried bag of crisps served with French onion dip!, Traditional Irish Seisiun tonight! See you then!, Thank you to the Improper Bostonian for voting us "The Best Bar in Brighton!" http://www.improper.com/bostons-best/bars-clubs/, Karaoke with DJ On Demand tonight!, LIVE GAA ACTION TODAY! http://ow.ly/i/KBER, DJ tonight! GAA tomorrow at 9am! http://ow.ly/i/KBDV, DJ tonight! We will be dancing all night!, New menu! We have some great new items! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/lunch-dinner, Questionnairey tonight! COME ON DOWN!, Have a Safe & Happy 4th of July! We open at 5pm today! Come on down, Our Happy Hour Menu starts at 3pm! Come down & grab one of these delicious items, Irish Seisiun tonight!, DJ on Demand! Come & sing your heart out at Karaoke!, EURO 2012! ITALY vs. SPAIN 2:45pm! Who will win it all?, LIVE GAA ACTION! http://ow.ly/i/JybR, Live music tonight with Brandon!, Live GAA Action today & tomorrow! http://ow.ly/i/Jyas http://ow.ly/i/JyaQ, DJ tonight! Patio is open! Come join us!, Euro 2012 Final! Italy vs. Spain 2:45pm Sunday, July 1st! Watch it here! http://www.uefa.com/uefaeuro/season=2012/matches/round=15175/index.html, Questionnairey tonight at 9pm! See you all there!, 2:45pm EURO 2012!, Paint Nite tonight! It has been really great! You should really check it out!, Trivia Tonight!, Almost time for our happy hour bar menu! 3-6pm $5 items.
mmmm fresh baked pretzels!, Euro 2012 Action!, Irish Seisiun tonight! Longest running traditional seisiun in Boston!, Today's rainy day specials: Habanero Chicken Drummettes, Shepherd's Pie & Steak Tacos! You might find some of these items on our new menu, coming soon! Stay tuned!, null, null, DJ spinning all night tonight! The Briar will be dancing!, GAA this Sunday!, Live music tonight with Kenny Mehler! LADIES don't have to pay cover before 11pm! See you tonight!, Question: Who has cold beer, air conditioning & great food? Answer: THE GREEN BRIAR! Join us tonight for Questionnairey. Don't stay home & sweat, come here & cool off, Beat the heat at Paint Nite tonight!, Stump Trivia tonight! 8:30pm!, Beautiful night for an Irish Seisiun! See you at 7pm! Enjoy a drink on the patio!, Bring your father on down to DJ On Demand Karaoke tonight! 8pm, GAA Action today! http://ow.ly/i/Hrcg & Happy Father's Day! How about some breakfast!?, Live music tonight with Al Diaz!, null, GAA action all weekend!, Happy Hour Menu starts now! Until 6pm, enjoy these delicious snacks at the bar, Cover Me Badd live tonight! Ladies get in for free before 11pm!
OH YEAH, Questionnairey tonight!, Who is coming in on this gorgeous day to watch EURO 2012! BIG GAME TODAY Republic of Ireland vs. Spain 2:45!, Question: What is taking place at the Green Briar tonight at 8:30pm?
Answer: STUMP TRIVIA! OH YEAHHHHHHHHHHHH, Traditional Irish Seisiun tonight! 7pm! See you all soon!, Come on down for lunch & some Euro 2012, EURO 2012 today! First match at noon! REPUBLIC OF IRELAND vs. Croatia at 2:45pm! Get down early to claim your seat at the bar!, Cheer on your Boston Celtics tonight! Gametime 8:30pm! IT'S ALL ABOUT HEART!, Euro 2012 today! first match at noon! Stop in for some lunch on the patio! http://ow.ly/i/GwJT, Euro 2012 schedule, DJ spinning tonight! Come down & get your dance on!, Delicious BBQ Ribs on special today! mmm, Euro 2012 starts today! First match Poland vs. Greece 12pm. Russia vs. Czech Republic 2:45pm! Watch all the action here! http://www.uefa.com/uefaeuro/index.html, TRIVIA TONIGHT!, Happy Hour Menu 3-6pm! Irish Seisiun tonight at 7pm! It's the perfect night for it!, One of our favorite cover bands is playing tonight! Check out Ledger - The Band, 9pm!, BEAT THE HEAT! we have your seat at the bar for the big game! 830pm! GO CELTICS, GAMES, You know what relieves stress? Painting! Get your Paint on tonight folks! Paint Nite, Have a Safe & Happy Memorial Day!, DJ ON DEMAND! KARAOKE! You know you love it!, Live GAA this morning http://ow.ly/i/EtqI, Live GAA tomorrow morning! http://ow.ly/i/Etq4, Don't forget Ladies get in free before 11pm! Oh yes it's ladies night OH WHAT A NIGHT!, Live music tonight by the Naturals!, This Sunday Live GAA ACTION!, Beautiful night for Questionnairey 9pm!, Happy Hour menu! 3-6pm! Some great items on here!, Join us for Paint Nite tonight! http://paintnite.com/event/49, Trivia tonight!
Happy Hour Menu 3-6pm!, null, $5 Happy Hour from 3-6pm! Traditional Irish Seisiun tonight at 7pm!, Perfect lunch!, LIVE MUSIC TONIGHT BY MUSE HOUSE, SUNDAY GAA, Heineken Cup, Lots of Games this weekend!, At 3pm our happy hour menu starts! Also, Trivia tonight!!!, DJ ON DEMAND! KARAOKE! You know you like to do it! Tonight at 8pm!, Happy Mother's Day! Stop in for Brunch!, Live music tonigth with Bloomer!, Oh yes it's LADIES NIGHT, oh what a night! NO COVER for all Ladies before 11pm! Live music tonight by Cherry Orchard!, It's Friday! $5 Happy Hour Menu 3-6pm! Stop in after work!, QUESTIONNAIREY TONIGHT, Next week Paint Nite starts back up! Stop in for a drink and a bite!, Stump Trivia Tonight!!!, Happy Hour Menu! 3-6pm...stop in after work, Join The Green Briar's Women’s Softball team!  The Western Boston Women’s League plays Wednesday nights at either 7 or 8:30pm at Portsmouth St (formerly Murray Park).  Must be at least 18 years old. The season starts in a few weeks, so contact Donna donnamcmc@gmail.com or Jenna jennawerth@gmail.com today!, Perfect lunch on day like today!, Irish Seisiun tonight at 7pm! Come early for dinner!, DJ ON DEMAND! Sing your little heart out! Karaoke at 8pm!, Today at 9am http://ow.ly/i/BEKe, null, Friday's are now Ladies' Night! No cover for women before 11pm!, Live music tonight with THE FLIP!, Questionnairey tonight!, Paint Nite will be back in TWO weeks! Hope to see some fresh new artists!, Today's Lunch Specials: Soup & Sandwich- Pressed Ciabatta, house made Mozzarella, Basil & Tomato Soup. Buffalo Chicken Roll-up-Lettuce, Tomato, Crumbled Bleu, Flour Tortilla. Fish Sandwich-Lager Battered Haddock, Coleslaw, tartar, Lettuce, Tomato, Toasted Bun. The FeldBerger -8oz. Chuck Patty, Cheddar, Bacon, Mayo, Mustard, Pickles, Lettuce, Tomato, Toasted Sub Roll., Get out of the rain and come to Trivia tonight!, Didn't make it past auditions for American Idol? You can shine tonight! DJ ON DEMAND! Karaoke 8pm!, Rough night last night? Sunday Brunch starts at 10am!, Live GAA ACTION Today! http://ow.ly/i/AKST, Live music tonight by Big Drift. Check out the Entertainment schedule http://www.greenbriarpub.com/entertainment/index_cal.htm, null, Live music tonight by Ricardo! Don't forget we have our new happy hour bar menu from 3-6pm!, Today's Specials!
Soup & Sandwich - pressed ciabatta, house made mozzarella, basil & potato leek soup, Grilled Eggplant -house made mozzarella, marinara, toasted bulky roll, Cheeseburger Sub- cheddar, bacon, mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato, Spicy BBQ Chicken Wrap-habanero BBQ, crumbled bleu, lettuce, tomato., Kevin's pouring some bubbly tonight for thirsty Thursday!, Questionnairey tonight! Come down early for some dinner and grab your spot!, Read more about Paint Nite, which happens every Wednesday, right here! http://www.boston.com/lifestyle/blogs/thenextgreatgeneration/2012/04/the_newest_twist_to_a_night_at.html, Paint Nite tonight! Join in the fun!, Join us for lunch today! Specials are; Tomato, Mozzarella & Basil on ciabatta with creamy tomato soup, Jerked Chicken Sandwich, Shrimp Scampi & a Red, White & Bleu Burger, that has roasted red peppers, caramelized onions and crumbled bleu cheese!, Trivia tonight 8:30pm! Plus our new special...Burger & a High Life $10!, Traditional Irish Seisiun tonight at 7pm. Come in early for our new Happy Hour Bar Menu 3pm-6pm, DJ ON DEMAND! Karaoke tonight 8pm! Post your Karaoke pictures!, Sunday Brunch! 10:30am, Live music tonight by Pie Alley!, Live music tonight by BRANDON! 9:30pm!, We have a new Happy Hour Bar Food Menu. All items are $5 at the bar from 3-pm-6pm check it out..., Lunch on the patio anyone?, Join us for Questionnairey at 9pm tonight! Come early for dinner!, Lunch on the Patio anyone?, Come on down tonight at 7pm and check out Paint Nite, have a drink and create something nice!, Our patio is open, the sun is shining, the Red Sox are on tonight, have a cold Green Monstah IPA and play some Stump Trivia 8:30pm!, Support Irish Hearts for Haiti, Sunday, April 22nd at the Marriot Boston Quincy..., It's a beautiful day out! Enjoy some lunch and drinks on our patio! Don't forget we have Irish Seisiun tonight at 7pm!, You know you always wanted to be on American Idol...show us your pipes! DJ On Demand Karaoke at 8pm tonight!, Sunday Brunch! 10:30am, Check out live music with Kenny Mehler tonight! He is a great time!http://www.greenbriarpub.com/entertainment/index_cal.htm, HAPPY OPENING DAY!!! Join us for a cold pint of the GREEN MONSTAH!, Live music tonight with Cherry Orchard!, TONIGHTTTTTTTTTTTTTT, What's for lunch today?, Join us for our Irish Seisiun tonight at 7pm, Happy Easter! Come visit us after dinner, Live music tonight with Ledger!, Live Music tonight with the BOSTON NATURALS!, 9pm come down for Questionnairey!, Every Wednesday at 7pm is Paint Nite at the Briar www.paintnite.com , Happy Opening Day! Join us for lunch and get in the baseball spirit! Look what we have on tap..., At 7pm, who are we going to see at Paint Nite? This should be a lot of fun!http://paintnite.com/home, Feeling artistic? Join us this Wednesday at 7pm for Paint Night! You don't need to be an experienced artist, just have some fun! Check out all the details... http://paintnite.com/home, Stop by and visit us for lunch today! Cobb salad, DJ on Demand tonight! 8pm! Come down and do your best WHAM impression "wake me up before you go go!" KARAOKE!, Join us for Brunch today!, Live music tonight by Brandon!, null, Tonight we have live music by THE HYPE!, Questionnairey tonight! Who will be there?, See you tonight at Stump Trivia! 8:30pm!, Traditional Irish Seisiun tonight at 7pm!, KARAOKE! Stop in for DJ ON DEMAND! 8pm!, Showing all March Madness action! Check out the full schedule http://www.ncaa.com/march-madness, Live music tonight by Casanova Fix!, Tonight we have live music by Muse House!, Come down to watch March Madness, stay for Stump Trivia!, Showing ALL MARCH MADNESS http://www.ncaa.com/march-madness, Great day for some afternoon pints on the patio!, Join us for lunch on our patio today. It's gorgeous out!, Thank you to everyone who joined us on Satruday, March 17! , Traditional Irish Seisiun tonight! 7pm!, Irish Step Dancers on St. Patrick's Day at the Briar! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1YAkO6XNDc&list=UUUJN4d3G547XSfyKQbzr0CA&index=1&feature=plcp, Stop in for Brunch before the parade! Hangover food! Corned beef hash http://ow.ly/i/vSJR, DJ Scorch spinning your fave tunes all night!, Step Dancers at noon along with Lake Shore Drive, Our favorite day of the year!!!, It's HERE! Happy St. Patrick's Day!
We are open...check out our happenings! http://ow.ly/i/vSIW, Happy St. Patrick's Day Eve! So excited! Join us bright and early for some Irish Breakfast..., Saturday's Events!, Question: Where is the best place to spend St. Patrick's Day?
Answer: THE GREEN BRIAR! 
Join us tonight for Questionnairey at 9pm!, Craving corned beef & cabbage? Can't wait until Saturday? We are serving it now until Sunday!, MARCH MADNESS starts this Thursday at 12:15pm! You can catch all the games at the Briar. For the full schedule visit http://www.ncaa.com/march-madness, We are getting geared up for St. Patrick's Day! Come down & visit us for trivia tonight!, Who would like to win a Trip to Ireland? Sign up here to attend the pary on Friday, March 16th at Ned Devine's! Hosted by 98.5 The Sports Hub's Toucher & Rich! http://winatriptoireland.eventbrite.com/, Lunch is almost here...join us for a delicious turkey club sandwich!, null, KARAOKE! I know we have some singers in the neighborhood! Stop in for DJ ON DEMAND! 8pm!, Come down tonight to hang with Bushmills Irish Whiskey at 8pm and sign up for the Win a Trip to Ireland Party! http://winatriptoireland.eventbrite.com/, OOOO OOO OOOO Cover Me Badd TONIGHT! Tick tock you don't stop!, Wales vs. Italy 9:30am No Cover Charge http://ow.ly/i/v8lk, This weekend! 6 NATIONS!, Live music by the Boston Naturals Tonight!, It's a beautiful day to visit for lunch...try our Buffalo Chicken Salad!, How to prepare for St. Patrick's Day! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=of7lz3wLXIs&feature=related, This weekend 6 Nations!!!!, Stump Trivia Tonight! 8:30pm, St. Patrick's Day is almost here! Check out all our plans!, Countdown to St. Patrick's Day! Get in the mood with tonight's traditional Irish Seissiun!, KARAOKE! I know we have some singers in the neighborhood! Stop in for DJ ON DEMAND! 8pm!, 6 Nations REPLAY! TODAY 10am Ireland vs. France, Win a Trip to Ireland Party! Find out how to get invited! http://winatriptoireland.eventbrite.com/, 6 Nations REPLAY! Sunday, March 4th 10am Ireland vs. France, 6 Nations Rugby REPLAY this weekend! France vs Ireland MARCH 4th 10am., No 6 Nations this weekend, but here is next weekends schedule!, We would love to see you for lunch on this cold, dreary day! How about some mac & cheese..., STUMP TRIVIA TONIGHT 8:30pm! Win prizes and have some fun!, Come down & sign up for our annual Ireland Trip giveaway party! March 16th at Ned Devine's. For more info visit...http://winatriptoireland.eventbrite.com/, 7pm, get in the St. Patrick's Day mood & watch or participate in our Traditional Irish Seisiun!, KARAOKE! I know we have some singers in the neighborhood! Stop in for DJ ON DEMAND! 8pm!, 6 NATIONS! Scotland vs. France today at 10am! Watch the action, have some brunch! http://ow.ly/i/tCze, null, Check out Stereo Love tonight!, 6 Nations Rugby this weekend! Check out the details, Good times and great friends with live music from Brandon! , Tonight is Questionnairey! Come in early and grab some appetizers and a pint!, Traditional Irish Seisiun tonight 7pm. EVERY MONDAY! Come for dinner & drinks, stay for some music!, TONIGHT at 8pm KARAOKE! Test your pipes! It's going to be a blast! DJ On Demand, 10am we begin serving brunch! How about some Steak and Eggs? http://ow.ly/i/sVXw, Tomorrow we start Karaoke with DJ On Demand! 8pm! Show us what you got!, Check out  Brandon tonight! http://ow.ly/i/sVWG, Sunday night at 8pm...DJ On Demand.....KARAOKE! Sing your little heart out all night!, Check out live music from the Boston Naturals TONIGHT!, TONIGHT! The 20th Annual Great Guinness Toast! Join the Guinness girls from 8-10:00pm & be a part of history! For more info on he toast visit www.thegreatguinnesstoast.com http://ow.ly/i/sbLA, Questionnairey tonight! Come on down for a bite first!, Happy Valentine's Day! Bring your sweetheart in for Trivia!, Traditional Irish Seisiun tonight 7pm. Come in after work for some dinner & stay for some music!, null, 6 NATIONS TOMORROW! We are your home for every game! Have some brunch while you are here! http://ow.ly/i/sbbj, Your favorite cover band is playing tonight...COVER ME BADD! See you tonight, Live music by Cherry Orchard tonight!, WATCH ALL 6 NATIONS RUGBY ACTION HERE!, Stump Trivia tonight! 8:30pm see you then!, null, null, Live music by Half Moon tonight!, Let's Go Patriots! Sunday is going to be busy, busy, busy, Brunch, 6 Nations, Super Bowl! Call to reserve your table now 617-789-4100, Spend the whole weekend at our place! We have 6 Nations Rugby starting Saturday, Feb 4th @9:30am NO COVER France vs. Italy. Scotland vs. England 12pm! Then Sunday IRELAND vs. WALES 10am! Have something off our Brunch menu & stay for the Super Bowl! Make a day out of it! Go Pats!, Watch the Super Bowl at the Briar! Same great, low priced drafts & bottles! Full menu available with special Super Bowl platter! Call 617-789-4100 to serve a table! Go Pats!, Where are you watching the Super Bowl!? JOIN OUR CROWD! It's going to be a blast!, 6 Nations Rugby is right around the corner! We will have ALL the games! http://ow.ly/i/qTbo, BRUNCH! 10am! Come on down!, BRUNCH! Tomorrow at 10am! MMMM Irish Breakfast! http://ow.ly/i/qTav, Tonight live music by The Boston Naturals!, Live music tonight from Pie Alley!, 6 NATIONS! February 4 & 5!, Join us tonight for Questionnarey 9pm! Buy some merchandise while you are there. It's on SALE!, Green Briar merchandise ON SALE! Men & Women's Long sleeve shirts on sale for $10. Winter hats on sale for $10! It's a STEAL! Come on down & get them while they're hot!, Irish Seisiun tonight at 7pm! Boston's longest running traditional Irish Seisiun!, Thanks for coming out yesterday to watch the games! Stop in for lunch & try our delicious Cubano..., PAT'S WIN THE AFC CHAMPIONSHIP!, null, TOMORROW 1/2 price appetizers from 3pm unitl Halftime! Join us for the big game! 
Come in early for brunch at 10am! http://ow.ly/i/qi1n, Live music tonight by Big Drift!, Brandon will be playing his tunes for you tonight. Don't stay in! Warm up at the Briar!, Is it lunch time yet? Try the Steak & Bleu Salad!, WATCH THE PAT'S THIS SUNDAY WITH US! 1/2 Price appetizers from 3pm until halftime!, Join us for Stump Trivia! 8pm tonight!, Get in the St. Patrick's Day spirit & swing by for our Traditional Irish Seisiun tonight! Starts at 7pm!, Chicken Curry served over rice! This will warm your insides!, Brunch every Sunday 10am-3pm! Join us, TONIGHT! Pats vs. Broncos! Half Price appetizers 7pm-halftime! GET YOUR SEAT EARLY! http://ow.ly/i/pIHe, Tomorrow Night Half Price Appetizers 7pm-until halftime! Come on DOWN! http://ow.ly/i/pIGy, Come down tonight for live music by Stereo Love!, Half Price appetizers 7pm until halftime this Saturday! Are you Ready for some FOOTBALL?, Every Monday, join us for Boston's longest running traditional Irish Seisiun...Start time 7pm!, Visit us for lunch! This looks delicious! http://ow.ly/i/pciy, Join us for Sunday brunch! 10am-3pm. Try our Irish Breakfast! http://ow.ly/i/pchV, Tonight! Live music by Ledger http://ow.ly/i/pcho, Check out live music from the Boston Naturals tonight!, Test your smarts tonight at Questionnairey! 9pm!, It's sooooo cold out! You should stop by & warm up with one of our delicious winter drinks....Hot Toddy-Bushmills Whiskey, hot water, lemon & cloves, Peppermint Patty-Dr. McGillicuddys & hot chocolate or try a Coffee Keokee-Brandy, Kahlua & coffee. One of these are sure to heat you up!, Happy New Year! Join us for lunch...some delicious chicken curry! mmm mmm good! http://ow.ly/i/oI4d, CALLING ALL JETS FANS! Start your new year watching the Jets vs. Dolphins gametime 1pm, HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYBODY! Hope 2012 treats you well! Thanks for coming out last night!, Just a few tickets left!  See you all tonight! http://greenbriarnewyearseve.eventbrite.com/, Join us tonight to celebrate the NEW YEAR! Live music by Stereo Love! Get your tickets here! http://greenbriarnewyearseve.eventbrite.com/, Tonight we have a DJ spinning all your faves! Tomorrow night we have live music by Stereo Love, tickets are still available! http://greenbriarnewyearseve.eventbrite.com/, Come visit us for lunch! A Guinness with fish & chips! What is better than that? Pick up some New Year's Eve tickets while you are here!, http://greenbriarnewyearseve.eventbrite.com/ Get your NYE tickets NOW! See you there!, Happy St. Stephen's Day! Join us tonight at 7pm for a Customer appreciation party!, Join us for a St. Stephen's Day Customer Appreciation Party tomorrow night! 7pm! Come one, come all! We want to thank you!, We are closed today! Merry Christmas to you all!, Come visit us for a Christmas Eve drink! We are open!, http://greenbriarnewyearseve.eventbrite.com/ Get your NYE tickets NOW! See you there!, http://greenbriarnewyearseve.eventbrite.com/ Get your NYE tickets NOW! See you there!, DJ tonight! Join us for some pre-Christmas cheer!, Join us tonight for Questionnairey! 9pm!, A little Christmas jingle to get you in the mood! You might want to stop in for a pint after this! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emqMZGENoHo, Spend New Year's at the Briar! We would love to have you! http://greenbriarnewyearseve.eventbrite.com/, Join us tonight for Trivia! Get in the holiday spirit!, It's so chilly out there, don't you want some delicious, hot cheddar fries with bacon, scallions & sour cream? MMM is it lunchtime yet?, Ring in the new year at your favorite neighborhood hangout! Get your tickets now! Live music by Stereo Love, food & champagne toast! http://greenbriarnewyearseve.eventbrite.com/, Green Briar Santa Brunch, Sunday 12/18/11, Tonight we have a very special event sponsored by Brighton Main Streets!, Jets vs Eagles! Gametime 4:15pm! Get your seats early!, MEET SANTA TODAY AT 11am! http://ow.ly/i/nFvj, Don't forget who's coming to town tomorrow at 11am! http://ow.ly/i/nFv4, Check out live music tonight by The FLIP!, JETS vs. EAGLES! Gametime 4:15pm! Get your seat early, LIVE MUSIC TONIGHT BY THE BOSTON NATURALS!, Nick & Mari say "Happy Holidays", THIS SUNDAY! He is almost here! Bring your children to meet the big man & a toy for the Franciscan Children's Hospital, Our sister pub Ned Devine's Irish Pub will be hosting a different kind of Office Party this Friday night at 6pm with 92.9 & Amstel Light! You CAN still RSVP to jrossi@greatermediaboston.com all are welcome! http://www.myradio929.com/Contests/Register.aspx?ContestID=147229, NYE 2012 event! Tickets are now available online: http://greenbriarnewyearseve.eventbrite.com/ , Guess who's coming this Sunday! SANTA! Come down & meet him! 11am-1pm!, Join us tonight at 8pm for Stump Trivia! We have NEW Winter Warmer drinks on our menu! Like the Peppermint Patty, which is Dr. McGillicuddys & hot chocolate. MMMMMMMMMMMMM, Santa Brunch! Sunday, December 18th (details) http://ow.ly/i/n8Uu, Jets vs Chiefs! 1pm! BE HERE, Make your Plans for NYE now! $20- Live music from Stereo Love! Champagne toast & party favors! Buy your tickets at the Briar or by visiting greenbriarpub.com, Come visit us tonight for live music from Brandon!, TONIGHT we have live music by Kenny Maylar!, As requested...can you spot a young, dapper, bow-tied Joey F in this picture?, It's frigid out today! Come in for some hot, delicious chicken curry!, Family, Holiday Fun!, AND.........Jacqui & Kevin now..2011! Stop in this week and say hello to them!, Well this is a blast from the past! Jacqui & Kevin in 2004, The Holidays are here! Check out what we have coming up... http://ow.ly/i/mC2q, Jets vs. Redskins! Game time 1pm! See you there!, Check us out tonight! Live music by the Boston Naturals!, COME ON DOWN TONIGHT! Live music by Half Moon, The holidays are coming & we have lots of great things happening...like this!, Best of luck and congratulations to Amy as she moves to an Executive Assistant position with a non-profit.  We'll miss you Amy!, Jets vs. Bills today 1pm! Calling all Jets fans!, DJ tonight, mixing ALL of your favorite songs! 9pm-1am, Check out live music by Ledger tonight! http://ow.ly/i/lX3A, Hope ate enough turkey! Come dance those pounds away tonight with live music from The Flip!, Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Tomorrow night we have live music from The Flip!, I bet most of you are getting out of work soon...doesn't this look good?, Since we are closed tomorrow, join us tonight for a pre-Thanksgiving day party! DJ tonight! Get your Guinness in now before all the turkey!, Join us tomorrow night for a pre-Thanksgiving celebration! DJ spinning your favorite tunes! Come on out, before all that turkey makes you tired!, Sunday Funday! Come hang out with us!, One of our favorite's tonight! Cover Me Badd!, Check out Halfmoon tonight!, Jets vs. Bronos TONIGHT! Game time 8:20pm! Who's coming out?, Boston's longest running, traditional Irish Seisiun tonight! Come down & play or just listen!, Pats vs. Jets tonight! Gametime 8:20pm! Come on down!, Tonight check out Cherry Orchard!, Life music tonight by Big Drift!, Mmmmmmmm...lunchtime!, Our sister pub, M.J. O'Connor's is hosting a Guinness dinner 11/15/11..for tix http://mjsguinnessdinner.eventbrite.com/, Jets vs, Bills! Gametime 1pm...get here and grab a seat!, Live music tonight by FEVER DOG! Come down, Join us tonight for the Boston Naturals!, Guess who has Questionnairey tonight??? THE BRIAR! DING DING DING you are correct sir!, null, Calling All Industry! Our sister pub The Harp is hosting a Halloween Party tomorrow night ! http://ow.ly/i/k70e, Cannot wait to see all the great costumes tonight! $300 PRIZE! See you soon! http://ow.ly/i/k6ZH, Tonight come down & check out The Boston Naturals! REMEMBER TOMORROW NIGHT!, We have pumpkin beer, warm, delicious chicken curry & Questionnairey tonight! Warm up with us! Get out of the cold!, BRIGHTON'S BIGGEST BASH! It's going to be a blast! Get creative with your costume & you could win $300! http://ow.ly/i/jv8X, Rugby World Cup Final! Sunday 10/23 3pm http://ow.ly/i/jviv, JETS FANS! Gametime is 1pm! Jets vs. Chargers!, TICK TOCK YOU DON'T STOP! COVER ME BADD tonight! Check them out!, Join us tonight for Brandon! He's dreamy! http://ow.ly/i/jv8b, Tonight, live music from Brandon!, What a nice rainy night for some QUESTIONNAIREY!, RUGBY WORLD CUP FINAL THIS SUNDAY!, null, Tonight we have live music by the Boston Naturals. Come in for a visit!, Tonight live music by HALFMOON! Come on downnnnn, Tomorrow at 5pm watch the Rugby World Cup!, College students! Want to earn credit to use at the Green Briar for passing along VIP status to your friends? Email us for details about our college ambassador program: info@greenbriarpub.com, Halloween is right around the corner! Make your plans now to come out to Brighton's Biggest Bash!, null, On Saturday, October 8, Mystic River Rugby Club competed against the Boston Irish Wolfhounds at Pine Banks Park.  Members from both teams joined us for an afterparty at the Green Briar. Congratulations to Mystic River Rugby Club for winning the first Briar Cup! , Pats vs. Jets today! Game time at 4:15pm. We know the Jets club will be here....will the Pats fans come out?, Join us tonight for live music by The Flip! 9:30pm, Today at 1pm! Join us at Pine Banks, Mystic River vs. The Boston Irish Wolfhounds. After party at our place! http://ow.ly/i/iK9t, Check out live music tonight by three piece band Ricardo!, It's going to be a beautiful weekend! Come cheer on the Rugby teams at Pine Banks, then join us for an after party! Tomorrow..., Watch the Rugby World Cup at the Briar...check out the times!, Question: What 2011 Stanley Cup Champions have their home opener tonight? Answer: THE BOSTON BRUINS! Game time at 7pm! BLACK & GOLD! Watch it here & stay for Questionnairey, The Briar Cup is in! Don't miss this Saturday!, Embracing all of the characteristics of the Irish, this warm convivial atmosphere is created within hand painted walls, timber beams, wooden floors and Irish artifacts.  Four separate spaces plus a sunny outdoor patio make for an arrangement that's both intimate and enriching.  The menu highlights Old World Irish Classics with New World Specialties, a great combination for any social or corporate event., Join us tonight for the longest running, traditional Irish Seisiun around! Starts at 7pm, First EVER Briar Cup! Mystic River vs. The Wolfhounds! Saturday, October 8th! http://ow.ly/i/iihc, Calling all Jets fans! Come on down! Game time 8:20pm. Jets vs Ravens, Happy October 1st! Keep your eyes & ears open, we have the biggest Halloween Bash in Brighton in the works! Saturday, Oct 29th 9pm! Live music by Ledger. $300 cash prize for best costume! More details to come! Stay tuned!, One of our favorites is playing tonight! LEDGER! Check them out! http://ow.ly/i/iiep, Tonight we have live music with THE BOSTON NATURALS! Come on down!, Mark your calendars...October 8th, the First Annual Briar Cup!, Questionnairey starts at 9:30pm, come in early for dinner! Check out this perfect combo on a rainy night. Fish & Chips with a delicious Guinness!, Test your smahhts tonight with Stump Triva!, Calling all Jets fans! Game time is at 4:05pm! Jets v Raiders!, YES! Tonight is Cover Me Badd! They are great!, Check out live music with Brandon tonight! While you are here ask the bartender to make you a Black O' Lantern! It's Guinness & Pumpkin beer! It's like FALL in a glass! Delicious!, Tonight's a great night for pumpkin beer! Join us and let's hope for the best for the Red Sox., A BIG Thank you to DJ Dan for bringing back Sunday nights all summer! Now that the summer is over check our calendar to find out when he will be appearing next! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/entertainment/index.htm, null, Join the Jets Boston Club today! Game time 1pm Jets vs Jaguars, LIVE GAA ACTION starts tomorrow at 8:15am http://ow.ly/i/hsjE, Tonight live music by Half Moon!, We have a huge surprise for you! No DJ tonight, we'll have live music from Ricardo!!, Jacqui says..." COME ON DOWN TONIGHT FOR QUESTIONNAIREY! I would love to see you all!", Tomorrow night at 9:30pm we have Questionnairy! It's a survey type trivia game! It's alot of fun! Maybe you will win a prize if you learn how to actually SPELL the name of it! See you tomorrow!, ATTENTION ALL PATRIOTS FANS! This Thursday at our sister pub Ned Devine's Irish Pub meet the Pats Cheerleaders!, All the Jets chatter, but not many Pats fans turned up last night! Still, Tom made some great drinks, like the Briar's signature Green Monstah!, COME ON ALL YOU PATS FANS! COME OUT TONIGHT & SHOW YOUR SUPPORT! 1/2 priced appetizer 7-8pm!!!!, null, The Green Briar welcomes all Jets fans for the first game of the season! Get here early, grab a bite & a pint! Game time 8:20pm!, Today Live GAA Action starting at 11am http://ow.ly/i/h33s, Tonight, check out a new band called THE FLIP! Playing all your fave cover songs!, Check out live music tonight with Cherry Orchard!, We are really excited for football this Sunday! Our first year with the NFL ticket should be a great time!  For you out of town fans, we are sponsoring a few fan clubs this season at fellow Briar Group restaurants:
Jets are meeting here at The Green Briar Pub, http://www.facebook.com/#!/groups/TheBostonAreaNewYorkJetsMeetupGroup/
Bills are meeting at The Harp, http://www.facebook.com/#!/groups/2343781320/
Cowboys are meeting at MJ O'Connor's, 
http://www.facebook.com/#!/groups/128080450562/, Welcome back Students. We currently have 4 College Ambassador positions available.  You'll receive incentives when you spread the word about us! Email info@greenbriarpub.com for more info on how to apply!, Sunday 9-11 are you ready for some football? If you are a Jets fan your people will be watching at our place!, Tomorrow morning live GAA starting at 8:15am! http://ow.ly/i/gG0J, It's a long weekend! Come visit us tonight for some pints & fun!, Don't forget this Sunday! Start time 8:15am, Happy September 1st everyone! When you've finished lifting mattresses, lugging boxes and pulling suitcases, come in for a nice refreshing Saranac Pumpkin Ale!, THIS SUNDAY! GAA CHAMPIONSHIP, Great event this Friday: http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=214198905288156, DJ Dan every Sunday night @8:30pm! Sunday nights are BACK!, DJ Scorch tonight! Get ready to dance & forget the hurricane! @9pm, Boston Hurling Final - Galway vs. Wexford in Canton has been moved from Sunday to Saturday at 3pm! Please come & support our Galway Hurlers!
 http://ow.ly/i/gkaX, DJ Scorch spinning tonight! Check us out!, Boston Northeast Division GAA Finals - Schedule Change, This Sunday...check out live GAA, Boston Hurling Final - Galway vs. Wexford in Canton has been moved from Sunday to Saturday at 3pm! Please come & support our Galway Hurlers!, null, Patio's open, sun's shining! Come in to tell your stories of the earthquake!, LIVE GAA ACTION TODAY! Starting at 8:30am http://ow.ly/i/g0fE, Catch all Live GAA Action tomorrow starting at 8:30am http://ow.ly/i/g0fw, Come down tonight & check out live music by Half Moon!, Live music tonight with The Boston Naturals, Who's planning a Fantasy Football party?  We have tons of space, HDTVs, WIFI and beer! Email info@greenbriarpub.com to find out about our packages., This Sunday catch all your GAA action!, Very happy to be welcoming the New York Jets Boston Area Fan Club this season!  Jets fans in Boston, The Green Briar is the place to be! We'll also have every game on, every Sunday., RSVP to info@harpboston.com for your invite to the Kenny Chesney ticket giveaway party! Friday, August 19th @TheHarpBoston Must be present to win! Tix & Transportation http://ow.ly/i/fFMM, Tomorrow morning starting at 8:30am catch all the GAA action! http://ow.ly/i/fFMr, Tonight DJ Scorch will spin your favorite tunes! Come on down to your favorite neighborhood hangout!, Check out Brandon Lepere tonight! What a beautiful night it's going to be!, Who's excited for football season?  We will have the NFL ticket this year and showing all games, every Sunday!, DJ SCORCH is here tonight!, Check out all the GAA action today at 2pm http://ow.ly/i/fizq, We are the home of all International Rugby Test! First game today at 9:15am watch Ireland vs Scotland! http://ow.ly/i/fiAe, Check out live music tonight by Ledger! http://ow.ly/i/fiAp, Get your Crew Cruise tickets now! Last chance! http://www.harpbostonevents.com/, Showing all International Rugby Test starting August, 6th! http://ow.ly/i/f1VW, It's the summer, you should be on a boat! Get your tickets now! http://www.harpbostonevents.com/, GAA ALL DAY starting at 9am http://ow.ly/i/f1VN, DJ SCORCH is in the building all night! Come join us!, Showing GAA starting at 1pm http://ow.ly/i/f1VI, Party all weekend with DJ SCORCH! Tickets are still available for the Crew Cruise...it's going to be a great time! http://www.harpbostonevents.com/, The home of all your International Sports!, Jacquis back & she wants you to buy tickets to the Crew Cruise! http://www.harpbostonevents.com/, Sunday Nights are BACK! DJ Dan @8:30pm!, GAA ACTION TODAY! http://ow.ly/i/eIs2, Don't miss Half Moon tonight!, Come Check out all the GAA ACTION starting at 1pm http://ow.ly/i/eIrL, Come on in for lunch! It's soooo cool inside!, DJ SCORCH (ing hot) spinning tonight & tomorrow night live music with Half Moon!, CATCH ALL GAA ACTION THIS WEEKEND!, It's a beautiful night...join us tonight with DJ Scorch! Tomorrow night check out Cover Me Badd, Doesn't this look like the perfect lunch? Enjoy it on this beautiful day on our patio!, Friday night come out & dance to DJ Scorch! Saturday night your favorite cover band Cover Me Badd will be playing!, Thanks to The Feast for a great article of us and our little big brother, Ned Devine's Irish Pub! http://www.thefeast.com/boston/play/Ned-Devines-Vs-The-Green-Briar-125231609.html, Sundays are BACK! DJ Dan spinning tonight at 8:30pm!, Tonight don't miss Brandon! http://ow.ly/i/e3HX, Jacqui says, "Weather getting you down? It's always sunny at The Briar!" Join us for live music tonight from The Boston Naturals and tomorrow from Brandon!  Also...GAA soccer all weekend!, Live GAA Action this weekend! Check it out!, Sunday Nights are BACK AT THE BRIAR! Every Sunday we will have DJ DAN starting at 8:30pm!, Tonight we have DJ Scorch! Tomorrow night Live music with Ledger - The Band & Sunday night DJ Johnny! Happy 4th! Celebrate all weekend at the Briar!, Going to see Dispatch this weekend? Our sister pub The Harp is the official Longtrail Headquarters for Dispatch! If you don't have tickets, we are giving them away before the show on Friday, Saturday & Sunday!, If you like us, then vote for us here!  It only takes 23 seconds... http://www.bcinterruption.com/2011/6/20/2231906/bc-interruptions-superfan-boston-college-bar-tournament-greenbriar-casknflagon-in#add-comment, The Briar's very own AMY DEE! Not only does she make a mean drink, but she can pack a mean punch! http://www.bostonherald.com/galleries/index.php?gallery_id=5440&p=1
http://bostonherald.com/business/general/view.bg?articleid=1347143&srvc=business&position=2
, Come check out the The Boston Naturals tonight! Tomorrow night we have HalfMoon!, Battle of the Bands at our sister restaurant The Harp! Visit the events page & find out how your band can compete & win a great prize as well as the chance to play at Ned Devine's or the Harp! http://www.facebook.com/HarpBoston?sk=app_11007063052, THE RED SOX WANT IT! GO BRUINS! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjBvgYHBDXo&feature=player_embedded, Let's go BRUINS! Tonight! 1/2 off appetizers from 7-8pm! Watch the game with us!, The Green Briar would like to thank you all for your well wishes for Jacqui and her 20 years with us! This place would not be the same without her! Jacqui, we all love and appreciate your 20 years of hard work and dedication!, TONIGHT! Half priced appetizers from 7-8pm!, Tonight party with  Brandon Lepere & tomorrow night dance the night away with DJ SCORCH spinning all the hits!, TONIGHT! Half priced appetizers during the game! GO BRUINS!, GAA THIS WEEKEND!, That was AWESOME! Game 4, bring it!, All tv's turned to the Bruins!  We believe!!!, Tonight live music with Big Party Orchestra http://www.bigpartyorchestra.com/.  Saturday night party with Ledger - The Band, Join us this weekend for all the GAA Football Championship games live! Sat. June 4th - Limerick vs. Kerry @ 1:45pm. Sun. June 5th - Meath vs. Kildare @ 9am & Dublin vs. Laois @ 11:00am, TONIGHT! Cheer on the BRUINS! Half price appetizers from 7-8pm! The Superfan sporting the most Bruins gear will win a $25 gift card! See you tonight! Puck drops at 8pm, get here early to get your seat!, Hey, we've reached 800 fans! To celebrate, we're giving our 800th fan,  Melinda Morse a $25 gift card to the Green Briar! Melinda, email info@greenbriarpub.com to claim your prize., The Green Briar would like to congratulate all the BC grads! Have a great day...stop by and visit us!, Also just added to this Sunday's lineup of games - Derry vs. Fermanagh (Tape Delayed) @ 12:45 - FREE showing! Come in for brunch and a pint and enjoy all the GAA action!, Tonight we have live music from The Boston Naturals! Tomorrow night Brandon Lepere! It's going to be a great weekend!, Join us this Sunday, May 22nd for all the live GAA action!
GAA Football Championship - Laois vs. Longford @ 9:00 AM - Followed by Kildare vs. Wicklow @ 11:00 AM, Tonight at the GB we have live music by The Big Drift! Tomorrow night, live music by Ledger - The Band ! It's going to be a beautiful weekend for a pint!, Join us this weekend for the FA Cup Final Live! Saturday, May 14th 10:00 AM - Manchester City vs. Stoke City and the GAA Football Championship - Sunday, May 15th 10:30 AM - Donegal vs. Antrim, HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY! We have a special Mother's Day Menu, items such as, a roast turkey dinner, grilled salmon, baked chicken & you can top it all off with a delcious cream cheese brownie sundae! We hope to see you & your mom!, Don't forget Mother's Day is Sunday! We have a special Mother's Day Menu, items such as, a roast turkey dinner, grilled salmon, baked chicken & you can top it all off with a delcious cream cheese brownie sundae! We hope to see you & your mom!, Tonight join us for Big Party Orchestra http://www.bigpartyorchestra.com/ Saturday Night live music by Cover Me Badd See you all at the Briar!, "I love the atmosphere of this place as it feels like you're just hanging right at home. The staff is quick, attentive and friendly...If I lived in the area full time, I'd make this my regular hangout." Thanks to Jennifer B for the great review on Yelp!, Join us this weekend for all the Heineken Cup action! Saturday - Munster vs. Harlequins 4pm - Leinster vs. Toulouse 6pm. Sunday - Nothhampton vs. Perpighan 11am - U21 GAA Football Championship: Cavan vs Galway 9am - Allianz Hurling League: Div 1 Final: Dublin vs Kilkenny 11am, Jacqui says "it's pouring buckets, let us pour you a pint, come on down to the Briar!", Join us today for the UEFA Champions League Semi-Final match with Manchester United vs. Schalke 04 live at 2:45pm. We will also be showing Real Madrid vs Barcelona tomorrow at 2:45. Come in for a pint and enjoy the games!, Live Music all weekend! Friday night we have acoustic music with Brandon! Saturday night we have the great cover band Half Moon! See you tonight!, Think you know trivia?  Test your skills against other Briar contestants next Thursday, all to support our Football Club! http://greenbriarfc.blogspot.com/2011/04/gbfc-trivia-night-thursday-april-28th.html, We're getting ready for Fast Times' Green Briar debut tonight!!!, TONIGHT come hang out with Big Party Orchestra & dance all night! http://www.bigpartyorchestra.com/, Jacqui says..."the weather is beautiful and we have GREAT bands all weekend! Big Party Orchestra on Friday and Saturday we are going back in time with FAST TIMES, the best 80's band around! Come visit your favorite bartender!", The Sox game is cancelled, it's raining and cold! I think a Briar burger & pint will cheer you up! mmmmmmmmmmmmm, Come check out Fast Times this Saturday 4/16 for a fun night of classic 80's hits!, If you love 80's music as much as we do, you're going to love live music from Fast Times on Saturday, April 16th!  Until then, join us tonight for Cover Me Badd!, Jacqui says, "To quote Robin Williams, 'Spring is nature's way of saying, "Let's party!"'... so let's party all this weekend with good fiends, cold drinks and live music!", Check out the Green Briar Football Club! http://greenbriarfc.blogspot.com/ And don't forget, we'll be showing the UEFA Champion's League today at 2:45pm!, We will be showing the UEFA Champion's League matches for Tuesday, April 5th w/ Inter Milan vs. FC Schalke 04 and Real Madrid vs. Tottenham Hotspur @ 2:45pm - Wednesday April 6th w/ Chelsea vs. Machester United and Barclelona vs. Shakhtar Donetsk @ 2:45pm. Join us for great food, fun and all the action!!! http://ow.ly/d/dfc, null, Jacqui says " check out all our live music this weekend! Friday night, March 25, Half Moon & Saturday, March 26th Brandon!", Join us all week for fun, games and prizes withStump Trivia (Tues) Foosball and Bag Toss Tournaments (Wed) and Family Feud Questionarry (Thurs). Plus live music all weekend!, null, COME ON DOWN TO THE BRIAR NOW! HAPPY ST. PADDY'S DAY!~~, null, Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!!!, Tomorrow is the big day! But you can get started early...come in today for a delicious corned beef dinner & a pint! Check out our new Green Briar apparel, now on sale!, Join us Thursday for St. Patrick's Day! Here are all our happenings: Showing LIVE GAA Hurling Final 10:00am: O’Loughlin Gaels vs. Clarinbridge 
LIVE GAA Football Club Final 11:45am: St. Brigids vs. Crossmaglen Rangers
Irish Step Dancers 1pm
Live music
1pm-8pm- Lake Shore Drive- Playing traditional Irish 
8pm-close DJ Scorch - Spinning all the latest hits!, Check out the GREEN BRIAR ON TV DINER!!!, null, YOU JUST WON A TRIP TO IRELAND!, null, Congrats to our winner Jessica...She and a friend are off to Ireland!  Thanks to everyone who came out - pictures coming soon!, TONIGHT IS THE BIG NIGHT! IRELAND AWAITS YOU! RSVP to info@greenbriarpub.com, Tonight we're giving away a trip to Ireland! RSVP to info@greenbriarpub.com, LAST YEAR'S IRELAND TRIP WINNER! This year it could be YOU! Tomorrow night 8pm! RSVP to info@greenbriarpub.com, Our friends over at BHAC invite you to try out their gyms with a free trial!  So you can feel a lil less guilty about that pint (or two) you had last night... http://info.beaconhillathleticclubs.com/free-three-day-trial-membership-to-the-bhac/, We're getting ready to give away a trip to Ireland!  http://www.briarwebsites.com/irelandtripinvite, Vote for The Green Briar for Boston's Best St. Patrick's Day Irish Pub! Because... you know... we are... St. Patty's Day festivities start here @ 8am! We have live GAA action with:

10 AM Live GAA Hurling Club Final
Loughlin Gaels vs. Clarinbridge
 
11:45 AM Live GAA Football Club Final
St Bridgid's vs. Crossmaglen Rangers
, Watch THE GREEN BRIAR on TV Diner! Billy Costa & crew are visiting all authentic Irish Pubs to get ready for St. Patrick's Day! First stop, THE GREEN BRIAR! The episode airs Saturday, March 12th 10am & 7pm on NECN!, Watch THE GREEN BRIAR on TV DINER! Billy Costa & crew are visiting all authentic Irish Pubs to get ready for St. Patrick's Day! First stop, THE GREEN BRIAR! The episode airs Saturday, March 12th 10am & 7pm on NECN!, Thanks to WFNX, ADAM 12 & The Coors Light Snoriders for swinging by the Briar on Thursday night & giving away 100 lift tickets!, Join us all weekend long for Brighton's best live music! Tonight, "The Big Drift" Saturday Night "Cover Me Badd". Come join the party!!!, TOMORROW NIGHT!, Join us this Sunday for Boston Club Theatre's live performance "Man of Inniskeen's Geen Journey". A tale of one man's immigration to America. Show starts @ 4pm. $10. Don't miss it!, WFNX-Coors Light Snoriders will be at the Green Briar for a two hour warm up party on THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24th. WFNX on-air personality will be hosting the event, playing games and giving out 100 LIFT TICKETS! 9pm-11pm. Don't miss this! http://fnxradio.com/EVENTS/, Want to win a free trip to Ireland for two? Come in to the Green Briar from now until March 11th and order a Guinness, Harp, Smithwick’s or Bushmills to get your chance to enter in a raffle that will be held on March 11th. However you have to be present to win it, so don't miss out!, Join us tonight for live music from Big Party Orchestra. If you haven't seen them yet you're missing out. They're gonna blow the roof off this place! They will be followed on Saturday night by yet another one of the area's hottest young cover bands, Ledger! The best live music in Brighton every weekend here at the GB!!!, Jacqui says..."GO TO NED DEVINE'S TONIGHT FOR THE CHILI CUP AND RAISE MONEY FOR A GREAT CAUSE!" www.neddevinesevents.com Tickets available at the door for $20! ALL YOU CAN EAT CHILI!, The Green Briar Pub 2nd Annual Chili Cup! Tomorrow night at Ned Devine's. View all details and purchase tickets here www.neddevinesevents.com
, null, Jacqui says..."Come in to the Briar and watch 6 Nations and have a pint or two!", Big Party Orchestra is coming on soon... and tomorrow, 6 Nations Rugby in the morning - free tshirts for the first 50 people!, 6 Nations Rugby!!!  Just a few more hours..., null, Today's Jacqui-ism is one of our favorites! Jacqui says..."If there was work in the bed, he would sleep on the floor!" check out Jacqui and the ladies from the GB 20th anniversary party!, null, Cornhole tonight!  Free to play + prizes! Tournament starts at 8pm., 6 Nations Rugby starts this weekend!!! The first 50 people in on Saturday receive a complimentary t-shirt! We serve Irish Breakfast at 9am!, Did you know that we serve brunch?  Every Sunday from 10am-3pm!  http://ow.ly/3Lrww, Happy Friday, Facebook friends!  Big weekend - DJ tonight, DJ Cage from 6-9pm tomorrow followed by live music from Lulu's in Crisis!!!, This weeks Jacqui-ism is weather related! Jacqui wants to know "Where does the white go when the snow melts?", THIS WEEKEND: Friday Night - DJ Scorch. Saturday Night - One of Boston's most amazing cover bands around - *Lulu's In Crisis* http://www.lulusincrisis.net/, Do you have the day off tomorrow because of the snow? Then come hang out at The Green Briar tonight and take part in our Foosball and Bag Toss Tournaments! http://ow.ly/3KMA3, null, Jacqui says, "Jeese it's great to be back! Lovely to see you all last night!" here is a lovely picture of Jacqui and some friends!, null, Join us tomorrow night for live music from Half Moon and DJ Scorch on Saturday night!!!, Tonight at 8pm, our Cornhole Tournament is on! FREE to play and PRIZES for the top teams!, Jacquism of the week "it won't be long now, said the monkey when they cut off his tail!" Have a great weekend everyone and visit the Green Briar for a pint!, null, Join us tonight for Family Feud Questionary! Live music this weekend from 2 amazing cover bands, Cover Me Badd and The Boston Naturals!, Dig yourself out later and get to The Green Briar - our FREE cornhole tournament with Boston Cornhole  starts at 7pm.  We'll have prizes for the top three teams!, Snow day tomorrow?  Come to the Briar and party tonight!, Cornhole Tournament this Wednesday! FREE to play and we'll have prizes for the top teams! http://ow.ly/3B7Y5, Jacqui says, she misses you all while she is visiting her homeland! She looks forward to seeing you all soon! Cheers big ears, null, Join us for FREE Cornhole games tonight with Boston Cornhole, 7pm!  Our tournaments start next Wednesday, 1/12., null, null, Next Wednesday our free weekly Cornhole Tournament kicks off - there are prizes for the top three teams! This Wednesday, come on by for a friendly game and learn more about the sport! http://www.bostoncornhole.com/announcements/cornhole101nightatthegreenbriar-january5th2011, Happy New Year from The Green Briar!!!, Our New Year's Eve party is sold out tonight, but there are still tickets available for The Harp's NYE Bash! http://www.harpbostonevents.com , JACQUI says "Have a HEALTHY and Happy New Year! See you all in 2011!", Tickets for our New Years' bash are going fast! Get em' while you can! You can call us at 617-789-4100 or online here...  http://ow.ly/3wgup, Spend this NYE with us! Live music from Ledger, food, champagne toast and party favors.  Tickets only $20!  http://greenbriarevents.com/, Tonight's St. Stephen's Customer Appreciation Party will be rescheduled due to the threat of inclement weather.  We will still be open, so feel free to come and join us for some snowy fun!  The new party date will be announced soon., Looking for somewhere to hang out on Christmas Eve? Come hang out at The Green Briar! We will be open!, Happy Holidays! We'll be closed on Christmas, but MJ O'Connor's in the Westin Waterfront will be open! www.mjoconnors.com, Hope to see you this Sunday!, Happy Holidays from all of us at The Green Briar! We would like to show our thanks to all our loyal customers for another great year of business. So come in Sunday, Dec. 26th for our St. Stephen's Day Customer Appreciation Day for some food, fun and music from DJ Scorch. The fun starts @ 7pm!, Tonight at 7pm, we're hosting a Celtic Christmas Session. Irish music, sing along, & light fare. We hope to see you later!, Good evening everyone! It’s our second Jacqui (Devine) says! Tonight’s Jacqui-ism…”Where have you been? I haven’t seen you in donkeys!”  Maybe in Ireland they measure time in actual donkeys! We have no idea, so why don’t you come on in tonight, have a pint and ask Jacqui WHAT DOES THAT MEAN????, Join us for live music all weekend long from Half Moon and Cover Me Badd!!!, Cornhole Tournament on January 12! We'll have prizes and it will be free to play! More details coming soon... in the meantime, "like" our friends at Boston Cornhole: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Boston-Cornhole/141598809220826, Tonight at The Green Briar, we'll have live music from Ledger!  They'll also be performing at our New Year's Eve party! http://greenbriarevents.com/, As you all know The Green Briar has many beloved bartenders and staff that have been with us for years! One of our most beloved being Jacqueline (Jacqui) Devine! Jacqui has been with the Briar for over 17years now and anyone that knows Jacqui can tell you what a joy she is behind the bar! Everyone that steps foot in the Briar knows her and she knows EVERYONE! She always has a funny little joke or saying that will stick with you all day! Her charm and quick wit is what makes us all love her! So here, on the Green Briar’s page, we have decided to dedicate a post a week to Jacqui Devine called “Jacqui says!” Here we will post some of our favorite “Jacqui-isms”. Our first “Jacqui says” comes to us from just last night, a customer asked Jacqui to “pour me a Guinness please!” to which Jacqui responded, “a Guinness isn’t poured…it’s Built!” Thanks Jacqui! Check back with us for more!, Tickets now on sale for New Year's Eve! Live music from Ledger-The Band, food, fun and midnight toast... http://greenbriarevents.com/, Tonight we'll have live music from The Boston Naturals!  www.greenbriarpub.com, Give a gift, receive a gift! Receive a free $10 gift card with a $50 gift card purchase.  Receive a free $20 gift card with the purchase of a $100 gift card.  Green Briar gift cards can be used at The Harp, Ned Devine's, MJ O'Connors and Solas!  https://briargroup.myguestaccount.com/login/web_card_sale/selectcards.srv, What are you most thankful for?  See you all out tonight and if you are looking for plans tomorrow, both MJ O’Connor’s locations (Park Plaza and Westin Waterfront) will be open and serving food!, How many of you have a three day workweek?  Let's celebrate this Wednesday night!, Join us Sat. Nov. 20th for live action from the Scottish Premiere League - Celtic vs. Dundee @10:00am 
and the Fall Rugby Tour - England vs. Samoa @9:30am 
 Ireland vs. New Zealand @12:30pm, Come in soon to try our new menu! http://www.greenbriarpub.com/menus/index.htm, Don't have plans for Thanksgiving? Our fellow Briar Group restaurants, MJ O'Connor's Park Plaza and MJ O'Connor's Westin Waterfront), will be open! Park Plaza will have a special menu and the Westin will be serving their full menu. Happy Thanksgiving! http://www.facebook.com/mjoconnorsbackbay http://www.facebook.com/mjoconnorsh2o, Join us tomorrow night for our weekly Foosball Tournament. Tons of fun and great prizes!, Thanksgiving is right around the corner and Thanksgiving Eve is the one of the biggest party nights of the year!  Reunite with old friends at The Green Briar!  Comment here if you'd like to have a reunion party with us..., Join us tomorrow for The Scottish Premier League Live!
St. Mirren vs. Celtic @ 9:00am, Join us tonight for DJ Scorch and tomorrow night for live music from Brandon!, Join us for Questionary tonight starting at 9pm.  Bring your trivia game because we’ll be giving away some great prizes!, Don't forget to join us this and every Wednesday for our weekly Foosball Tournaments sponsored by Pabst Blue Ribbon. Beginners and advanced players welcome. Fun and prizes for all!, Fall Tour Rugby Live!

Sat. Nov.6th @ 10:30am - England vs. New Zealand
@   1:30pm - Ireland vs. South Africa, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59hkEqqg1ec, null, Join us for live music this weekend from Plain Jane on Friday night and Brandon on Saturday Night! We will also be showing the Celtic vs Rangers match this Sunday morning @7:45am!, Make sure you make The Green Briar your Halloween party destination. On Saturday Oct. 30th we will be having a contest for the best costume with a $300 grand prize. Join us for all the fun and excitement!, THIS WEEKEND: Live music from 2 of Boston's best cover bands! Join us this Friday 10/15 for "Half Moon" and this Saturday 10/16 for "The Boston Naturals". Also, don't forget to book all your holiday parties here at The Green Briar before we're all booked up for the season!!!, null, We've got the Premium Sports TV Euro 2012 qualifiers Friday, October 8 Ireland vs. Russia 2:45 pm estTuesday, October 12 Slovakia vs. Ireland 2:30 pm est., It's that time of the year again! Plan all of your holiday parties here at The Green Briar. We have 2 large function rooms that can accomdate all your party needs. Also, plan on attending our huge Halloween Bash Saturday Oct. 30th. Don't miss out!, WATCHING THE PATS TONIGHT? Why not watch the game with TROY BROWN!? Troy Brown will be at the Green Briar tonight to watch the Pat's squish the fish! 8pm sharp! Be there! 304 Washington Street, Brighton, MA!, This Weekend: 
Friday Night - DJ Scorch playing the latest hits and best dance music around
Saturday Night - Live music from Second Chance, Join us this Saturday for the Scottish Premier League Live!
Oct. 2nd - 10am
Celtic vs. Hami, Tis the season...Planning a holiday gathering with friends, family, or co workers? Let the Boston Event Solutions help you plan the perfect event at any of our Briar Group locations. You can reach them at 617-248-9933 or www.BostonEventSolutions.comBoston Event Solutions exceeding expectations through distinctive destinations. 
www.BostonEventSolutions.com
Let us make your event spectacular. With our array of distinctive destinations, we'll help you make that lasting impression on clients, employees and personal friends. Whether planning a corporate product launch, society fundraiser, training seminar, gala evening, or initmate social affair, Boston E..., Join us every Wednesday for our weekly Foosball & Cornhole Tournaments sponsored by Pabst Blue Ribbon. Great Fun & Great Prizes!!!The most fun you'll have in the area on a Wednesday night!!!, This Weekend: Live music from some of Boston's best cover bands! 
Friday Night - The Boston Naturals 
Saturday Night - Brandon 

Catch the Celtic matches all season long. 
Saturday, Sept. 25th - 10am
Scottish Premier League 
Celtic vs. Hibernian, Tis the season...Planning a holiday gathering with friends, family, or co workers? Let Boston Event Solutions help you plan the perfect event at any of our Briar Group locations. You can reach them at 617-248-9933 or www.BostonEventSolutions.comBoston Event Solutions exceeding expectations through distinctive destinations. 
www.BostonEventSolutions.com
Let us make your event spectacular. With our array of distinctive destinations, we'll help you make that lasting impression on clients, employees and personal friends. Whether planning a corporate product launch, society fundraiser, training seminar, gala evening, or initmate social affair, Boston E..., Come watch the first Monday Night Football game of the season here tonight @ 7:00pm as the Baltimore Ravens take on the Ney York Jets on our Big Screen HDTV's!, Join us this Friday for live music from Half Moon and Saturday with the reunion of Lulu's In Crisis. It's their first show in ten years!!!, Tis the season...Planning a holiday gathering with friends, family, or co workers? Let Boston Event Solutions help you plan the perfect event at any of our Briar Group locations. You can reach them at 617-248-9933 or www.BostonEventSolutions.com, LIVE GAA Action! Sunday, September, 19th

8:15am   - All-Ireland Minor Football Final: Cork vs. Tyrone 

10:30am - All-Ireland Football Final: Cork vs. Down, Coming up in September!
- Weekly Foosball & Bag Toss Tournaments every Wednesday night. Fun and prizes sponsored by Pabst Blue Ribbon!
- Saturday 9/18 - The return of Lulu's In Crisis! Their first show in ten years!, LIVE! Sunday, September, 5th

 8:15 AM - All-Ireland Minor Football Final: Kilkenny vs. Clare

10:30 AM - AIS Hurling Final: Kilkenny vs. Tipperary, Join us tonight for the return of Inchicore!!!, Come join Pabst Blue Ribbon at the Green Briar for Foosball tournaments starting Sept. 1st! Gift certificate prizes for 1st place and 2nd places!, Don’t Miss the Return of
INCHICORE
Sunday, August 29th at, LIVE All-Ireland Minor Football Semifinal!
Aug 29th   Sun: 9:00 AM
All-Ireland Minor Football Semifinal
Galway vs. Cork
(Joined in Progress)

LIVE
Aug 29th  Sun: 10:30 AM
AIS Football Semifinal 2
Kildare vs. Down, GAA Games June 27th 

Connacht Football Semi-final 9:00AM - Sligo vs. Galway

Leinster Football Semi-final 11:00 AM - Meath vs. Dublin

Leinster Football Semi-final 12:50 PM 0 Louth vs. Westmeath

World Cup Action June 26th 2 PM - USA vs. Ghana, The Green Briar will be the official home of the Boston Cannons Bud Light Post game parties! Saturday, May 15th FIRST GAME 
vs. Denver Outlaws 7pm. Check out the ful schedule above., We'll be here tomorrow for Mother's Day. We hope to see you. Just let us know you're bringing mom!, First Annual Briar Chilifest Saturday,
March 27 from 12 - 5 
Great Food and Prize!, null, null, It's a Beautiful night! Our Patio is open!, HAPPY ST. PATRICK's DAY! Come out to The Green Briar today for a day of fun :), Tomorrow is ST. PATRICK’S DAY! Come to The Green Briar! 

GAA ACTION--GAA HURLING CLUB FINAL
Ballyhale Shamrocks (Kilkenny) vs. Potumna (Galway) 10:00am
Kilmurry/Brickane (Clare) vs. St. Galls (Antrim) 11:45am
Irish Step Dancing @ 1:30pm
Live music by Irish Band
LAKESHORE DRIVE at 2pm
DJ at 8pm -Spinning all your Irish favorites!

www.greenbriarpub.com, Friday is the big party-find out who wins the Annual Ireland Trip Giveaway and have a great time-live music too! RSVP to info@greenbriarpub.com, Lots of great music this weekend. Fri. March 5, Cover Me Badd is here. Sat. March 6, The Big Drift. Stay tuned for news on our Great Chili Fest!, Sat. March 6, The Big Drift is back in town!, This Fri. Feb 26, Fri : The Boston Naturals 
are here. DJ Scorch returns on Sat Feb 27.  Not to mention more great 6 Nations Rugby-quite a weekend here at the Green Briar., Join us Thursday Feb. 25  for Questionary. It's very simple! Your team has to guess a word within 90 seconds by asking you  any and as many questions as it likes. But the catch is,  you can only answer in 'Yes' and 'No'.  Team that cracks more  words advances to win., Another fantastic weekend ! Friday DJ Scorch is here. Sat. Brenden LePere is back by popular demand. Look forward to seeing you!, Our Annual Ireland Trip Giveaway Contest has begun. Check out the details on the tab above!, Pour Your Own Pint Guinness PromotionTonight, Friday, February 12th- The Green Briar 8-10pm  Learn how to pour your own pint and find out how to be invited to the final party where we give away the grand prize…a Trip for TWO to IRELAND!, Big Party Orchestra is here Friday!, Watching 6 Nations Rugby this weekend. Come on by! Sat Wales vs. Scotland at 9 AM Sat France vs. Ireland at 11:30 AM Sun Italy vs. England at 9:30 AM, What a weekend ahead! Fri Feb. 5, Second Chance, Sat Feb 6, Brandon Lepere plus a FREE Buffalo Wing Buffet at Half-Time for our patrons who attend Super Bowl Sunday at the Green Briar!, Sat Feb 6th, Brandon Lepere is at The Green Briar-check him out., Friday Feb 5, Second Chance is here!, null, null, See every game of the 
6 Nations Rugby Tornament
at The Green Briar Pub
The Green Briar is happy to
announce that Premium Setanta Sport is offering a ticket voucher  that
will allow access into every game of the 6 Nation Tournament. 
See EVERY game for only $100!, null, null, null, null, null)