List(Antonio Pizzeria Current Promotion, null, null, null, null, null, Fresh Chicken & Beef Pastelitos Served All Day!!!!, Antonios Pizzeria is now offering catering orders!, Antonios Pizzeria will be closed Thursday, November 26th and Friday, November 27th. Happy Thanksgiving!!, Buffalo Chicken & Cilantro with Ranch base., Home made Flan available at Antonio Pizzeria $2.50, Specialty Slice Pie of the Day

BBQ Chicken Pizza, New Speciality Pizza's coming soon! 
Chicken,Cilantro and Ranch Pizza!
New menu includes Spanish Food and more!, Antonios Pizzeria is now looking to hire cashiers and deliveries drivers!

Looking for someone who is motivated, positive attitude and has a flexible schedule.
 We are willing to train the right person!

Please contacts us via Facebook or at Antoniospizzeria.dot@gmail.com., Call 617.265.0489 and inquire about our daily Spanish Specials Plates. 
Small $5.62 w/tax included
Large $10.16 w/tax included
Place your lunch order by phone and we will have it ready for you. Start the week off well!
#lunchbreaktreat #spanishfood, Today's Saturday Special: 9 $ for a Large Cheese Pizza!!!! Limited amount available., Pernil Spanish Special Plate, Antonios Pizzeria is looking for local artist to help decorate our dining area. Please contact us at 6172650489 or via Facebook!, Antonio's Pizzeria has just joined Dorchester Connect! We are happy and eager to be more in touch with the community., Happy to announce that the Grand Opening of Antonio's Pizzeria is finally in the works! Please stay tuned for further details!, You can order online at toasttab.com/antonios-pizzeria-dorchester, Our phone number is 6174364051 and 6172650489, Please note that we will be closing at 9:00pm today 7/28 for a monthly deep cleaning. Sorry for any inconvinience and thank you for you understanding as we strive to maintain and deliver the out most cleanliness and sanitary environment for our customers. 
Thank you!, Antonio's Pizzaeria, bringing the community back together with great new flavor!, Skip started making pizza at Hifi Pizza in 1988, and did so for 30 years. This popular neighborhood face is back at Antonios Pizzeria doing what he does best! We are happy to incorporate him as part of our team and as such a great part of Hifi/Antonios Pizzerias history., Follow us on instagram @bostonantoniospizzeria, null, Delivery Driver Wanted! Please inquire at 6174364051 or 6172650489. Walk ins are also welcomed., Our phone number is finally on Yelp!!! Try out our Chinese style chicken wings!, Order online at http://toasttab.com/antonios-pizzeria-dorchester, Margarita Specialty Pizza, made of Tomatoes, Fresh Mozzarella and Basil. 
Top seller this morning so far, try it for yourself! 
#antoniospizzeria #1508dorchesterave #boston, Try out a slice of our specialty pizza for the day! Marguerita Pizza!! Fresh mozzarella, peeled tomatoes, and basil!, null, Antonio's Pizzeria formerly Hifi Pizza re opened its doors on June 29, 2015 after being closed and deeply missed for over a year. Although under new ownership, we carry the same great goal of servicing and providing excellence to our customers. 
Please come on out and tell us what you think! 
We deeply appreciate all feedback.
***Grand Opening Coming Soon!***
1508 Dorchester Ave, Sign Coming Today!!!, null)