List(After a lot of thinking, I will not be doing Photos for Cures Photography-Philanthropist photo shoots again.  I loved raising funds for St Jude for the years that I did, but I feel it's a good time to wrap up that charitable hobby.  I loved all of my clients along the way and of course loved the media spots that covered my story.  THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR SUPPORT!!, Hey friends!  I have not posted anything since November when I announced that I would not be doing any photo shoots in 2015 due to becoming a Mom.  :)  Well, I delivered my son Bryce almost 6 weeks early!  He was very eager to see this wonderful world.  I delivered on 1/11.  He spent 4 weeks in the NICU at Brigham and Women's in Boston.  Talk about a tough thing to experience for my husband and I.  He is now home with us and gaining lots of weight!  I am attaching a photo of when he turned 2 months on 3/11., My cousin, Jessy Oates, out of California, did her very first Photos for Cures shoot to help raise funds for St Jude while I am taking a break.  Here is a link to her photos from the shoot!, I think it is safe to say that Photos for Cures Photography-Philanthropist has closed up shop until 2016! Thank you to all of my loyal clients/fans of my charitable hobby.  I am due in February and will be taking all of 2015 off to enjoy being a first time Mom!, No client ever pays me for their photo session, instead, I have them write their check to St Jude Children's Research Hospital.  These photos are copyrighted.  Please do not edit, nor remove the watermark.  Thank you., null, null, null, No client ever pays me for their photo session, instead I have them write their check to St Jude Children's Research Hospital.  These photos are copyrighted.  Please do not alter the photo in anyway, nor remove the watermark., I have two PFC shoots this weekend (can't wait), and then I think one in November, and then I believe that's it until 2016!  In case anyone missed the announcement, I am going to take all of 2015 off to enjoy being a Mother and try to soak up every moment of it!, null, null, These photos are copyrighted.  Please do not remove the watermark or alter the photo in anyway.  No client ever pays me for their photo session, instead I have them write their check to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, null, Reminder: I am not doing any PFC shoots from December 1st, 2014 until 2016! I highly suggest you book me now before I have to politely decline. As of now, I have one shoot booked for October and one for November., ANNOUNCEMENT:  After some thinking, I will put Photos for Cures Photography-Philanthropist on hold for all of 2015.  I want my main focus to be Motherhood.  Thank you for understanding., null, IT'S CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS MONTH!!!  Please consider making a donation to kick off the special month.  Ideally, I get a donation a day, but if not, it will be great to raise a few hundred dollars this month.  Thank you in advance., null, null, null, REMINDER:  Photos for Cures will be ON HOLD from December 2014 until roughly May 2015.  PLEASE set up your shoots for Sept/Oct/Nov SOON.  Thank you!, No client ever pays me for their photo session, instead I have them write their check to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  Please do not alter the photograph in any way, as these photos are copyrighted., Despite all of my friends/connections voting this year, it still landed me in 3rd place when votes were tallied.  Thanks everyone!, null, For wonderful and obvious reasons, I will be putting Photos for Cures Photography-Philanthropist on hold starting December 1st.  I am not sure, at this time, for how long.  PLEASE don't forget, if you have friends/family in the Bay Area in CA, my cousin, Jessy Oates is offering her services in the same manner that I do!, Fun announcement time!!, I have fallen into the 2nd place spot with 5 days left to vote.  PLEASE tell all of your friends about what I do and have them vote.  Thank you!, Since launching PFC in 2010, 2014 has been the slowest year yet. Bums me out actually since I love taking photos and love donating to St Jude., null, Still holding strong in the 2nd position! I imagine I will need at least 40-50 more votes to put me in FIRST. 15 days left to vote! , null, null, These photos are copyrighted.  Please do not alter the photograph in any way., 3rd place this morning!  31 days left to vote!  You can only vote once.  If you support my mission to help raise money for St Jude, while taking photos for clients, PLEASE vote!  Help me win this year.  Tell your friends not only about my page here, but also how they can also vote!, Please help me WIN this Boston A List contest!  Photos for Cures photography is currently in 5th place.  You can only vote ONCE.  Please tell your friends about what I do and chances are, they will want me to win as well!! , null, I only have one photo shoot scheduled for this Summer!  Good thing this is my charitable hobby or I would be really concerned!  :)  Hopefully you will all still stick around and be fans of the page and my hobby!, null, null, These photos are copyrighted.  Please do not remove the watermark or alter the photo in any way.  As a reminder, no client ever pays me for their photo session, instead, I have them write their check to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, I have had a few people ask me 'Kim, now that you have raised over $40,000 for St Jude, will you still donate 100% to them?  Do you have any other fund raising goals?'  To answer both questions, yes, I will still donate 100% to St Jude and I think maybe, my next goal should be $50,000 by the time I turn 50.  I turn 50 in 10 years and hopefully, I can raise at least $1,000 a year.  Realistically, I will blow that goal out of the water, as long as people keep hiring me., Photography bucket list:  1.  More animals, 2.  More twins, 3.  More of the LGBT community, null, After June 14th, I have no other Photo Sessions scheduled. Please let me know if you want to put something in the books., Photographing a high tea/bridal shower later on today!  :), I wanted to share a wedding photo with you all from my wedding on the 24th.  Our photographer was amazing!, I have two PFC shoots lined up for June and most likely one for July......and that's it so far!  Please consider me for your photo needs, if you want to have fun and be able to donate to St Jude.  ($100.00 minimum donation for an hour of shooting AND my services)., Happy 4 years to my charitable hobby!!!  I will never forget 5/24 since i am getting married today too!!  A special day all around., Not only am I getting married on 5/24, but it's also the 4 year anniversary of Photos for Cures!!, null, null, null, I only have 2 remaining PFC photo sessions scheduled as of now!  Once I am back from my honeymoon, I can be booked again!  I LOVE working with couples and kids....so keep that in mind!, null, No client ever pays me for their photo session, instead I have them write a check to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  Please do not alter the photograph in any way., I figured I would share that today is my 40th birthday!  :)  I have had a great weekend with my fiance.  :), null, null, Do you like what I do?  Do you enjoy looking at my photos?  What about the charitable aspect?  If you answered yes to any of those, please leave a review and rate the service!  I have 6 ratings thus far which comes in at 4.7 out of 5 stars!  :), The GREAT news keeps coming:
"Hi, Kim -
I've submitted your story to run in the Boston Globe West People column on Sunday, April 20.
Happy birthday & happiest wedding!", null, Fund raising update:  Just $78.00 away from hitting the $40K!!!, null, No client ever pays me for their photo session; instead I have them write chair check to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  Please do not alter the photograph in any way and leave the watermark on the photo., OK, Fund Raising update!  New grand total:  $39,742 raised for St Jude!  $258 left to raise to hit $40,000 and I have 2 weeks to do it if I want to achieve this goal by my 40th birthday!, Remember, no client ever pays me for their photo session; instead I have them write a check to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  Please don't alter the photo in any way, nor remove the watermark., I am only $688 from breaking $40,000 raised for St Jude.  I am trying to achieve this by my 40th birthday on 4/27.  Please donate if you can.  The link to donate is pinned to the top., 3,557 likers to this page and chances are, only 100 or so will even see this post.  So, if you CAN see this post, please say hello!, null, I turn 40 in 26 days!  Please consider a donation to St Jude which will help me achieve my birthday goal of hitting $40,000 by my 40th.  I just need to raise $1,973!!  I can do this with YOUR help!!  Simply follow the provided link!  , No client ever pays me for their photo session, instead I have them write a check to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  These photos are copyrighted.  Please do not alter them in any way or remove the watermark., No client ever pays me for their photo session, instead I have them write a check to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  These photos are copyrighted.  Please do not remove the watermark or alter the photo in anyway., My first PFC shoot of 2014 is THIS Saturday! It's going to a fun 1st birthday party!, Happy St Patrick's Day friends!, Ok, so, as of now, I ONLY need to raise $2,288 to hit my 40th birthday goal of $40,000!! That seems pretty achievable by 4/27, don't you think?? Tell you what.....if 22 of my closest FB friends donate $100.00 using the link provided, I WILL DONATE THE $288.00 FROM MY OWN FUNDS., Pretty proud of this!  I will forever be in the Good Housekeeping magazine!!  It's nice to get the recognition for my efforts in fund raising for St Jude.  :), null, GREAT NEWS!  Look what hit the internet today?  Please go buy the printed version of Good Housekeeping on 3/11/14!!  , In 3 months from today, TWO really big milestones happen:  1.  My charitable hobby, known as Photos for Cures Photography turns the big FOUR years old!  2.  I will become a wonderful man's wife.  :) :), null, Happy Valentines Day everyone!, null, null, null, Today is World Cancer Day.  Please consider a donation by following my link below.  St Jude kids deserve it., null, I can not elaborate at this time, but a very EXCITING announcement is coming in March.  Please, no questions at this time.  :), These photos are copyrighted.  Please do not alter the photograph in any way and do not remove the watermark.  No client ever pays me for their photo session, instead I have them write their check to St Jude Children's Research Hospital., In exactly FOUR months from today, Photos for Cures Photography turns FOUR years old!!!  Also, I will gain a husband on that special day.  #myweddingday, null, So far, I have 2 shoots lined up for 2014!  One in April, the other in June.  I am hoping for many more., null, This is a photo that was sent to me of my 2nd plaque now hanging on the wall in St Jude Children's Research Hospital.  When I hit $35,000 raised, I was able to get this.  Gracie was a special little girl I met in 2011 while at the hospital for a tour.  She fought brain cancer and ultimately, it won.  She makes me a better person., Happy Birthday to Danny Thomas!!, Current St Jude Grand Total:  $35,670.10, my goal is still to hit $40,000 by 4/27/14., You know what would be great? It would be great if a few of my friends could reach in their wallet, take out a credit card/debit card and make a donation to St Jude to help me get closer to my goal. 2014 is ALMOST here.....how about help me leave 2013 with a charitable bang., null, My main objective of 2014 is to get more photographers on board with my charitable hobby.  Being charitable does not require a certain skill set either.  You can be a beginner or a professional.  You can donate once a month or more often.  The main idea is that we will be a team and raise as much as we can for St Jude.  It's easy, fun and your clients will love being part of it.  PLEASE reach out to me if you want to join Photos for Cures in 2014!, I hope everyone enjoys this week with their families!  Have a wonderful 2014 and may it be happy and healthy!!  Thank you for being loyal fans., null, Donate what you can, when you can.  Every donation helps!, null, SHARE!, null, Amy Kate, hop over to my page to see the photos from your session!  I just loved Baby Kam., null, I woke up this morning to 3500 likes on this page!  Thank you everyone!  I am always here to answer questions you might have even if my posts slow down.  Thanks for being here and for being part of my Charitable Hobby which solely benefits St Jude Children's Research Hospital, null, A good fund raiser is passionate, determined, goal oriented, driven and most of all, RELENTLESS. I hope you all can see these adjectives in ME!, null, Today is #givingtuesday. Please consider a donation to St Jude via my on line portal., null, Today is Small Business Saturday.  With that being said, please consider supporting Photos for Cures and it's quest to raise funds for St Jude.  Follow the link below to donate.  Thank you., ONLY $912 LEFT TO RAISE TO HIT $35,000!!! Please consider donating, it does not matter if it is a small donation! , null, Are you in a giving mood this week? PLEASE consider a donation to St Jude to help out my fund raising efforts! Just $1,062 away from $35,000! Follow the link below!, null, Great news!  St Jude is starting the plaque process for me while I raise the remaining $1,087!  This will be my 2nd plaque in the hospital that I have now earned due to raising $35,000.  This plaque will have an inscription on it dedicated to a sweet little girl who I met at the hospital in 2011.  She sadly passed away after a brave cancer fight., null, ST JUDE FUND RAISING UPDATE: Current total: $33,863. Amount left to raise to hit $35,000: $1,137! Please friends consider donating on line to help me get there quicker. When I hit the milestone, I will be getting a second plaque in the hospital and this one is going to be dedicated to the late Gracie ( Carrie Purdum's adorably sweet and brave daughter). If I can get TEN people to donate $100. I can do the rest myself with my upcoming PFC shoots!! LET'S DO THIS!!!, 10 MORE PAGE LIKES to hit 3,500!  Thanks for being here friends!, I only need to raise $1,140 to hit $35,000! PLEASE, please consider donating to St Jude! I posted the link below this post., null, I have learned that when you share a link on  page, the visibility is less than pleasing, but posts like this tend to get more views.  SO, please take a moment to see what I have pinned to the top of this page.  It's a way to help St Judes via my fund raising portal!  Please, do the right thing and donate what you are able to.  Together, we can do great things!, YOU can now help me hit my goal!!  I just set up a fundraising page for St Jude's to hopefully break my BIG milestone!  Thank you in advance.  Every penny helps!  , null, REMINDER:  Come 2014, the Photos for Cures Photography-Philanthropist minimum donation amount will be $100.00.  I only take checks, cashiers checks or money orders and they must be made out to  St. Jude Children's Research Hospital., Thanks to the two donations yesterday, I am now only $1,417 away from breaking $35,000 raised for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital! I really, really want to hit this by Christmas! Can YOU afford to send me a check made out to the hospital? If so, I want to hear from you. THANK YOU!, null, I have not talked about 'likes' to this page in a while because it's not a popularity contest, but man, I am 20 likes from 3,500! :), I have two wonderful PFC shoots scheduled for the weekend! Both repeat clients! Being hired again is the BIGGEST compliment!, null, WATCH AND SHARE, null, Just putting this out there to my wonderful community. If 10 kind people sent me checks made out to St Jude Children's Research Hospital in the amount of $100.00 or more, I could get to the $35,000 in NO TIME AT ALL. I still have 7 photo sessions lined up between this weekend and early December. So, if you are interested in this, I will gladly give you a mailing address. 
#nopressure #stjude #forthekids #seasonofgiving, As photographers, we have so many 'job's'.....the one that is most important is if we notice anything unusual with our client's eyes (mostly in babies/kids).  Do you notice that one eye has a strange glow, or is it very red?  (noticed when using the flash).  If so, PLEASE tell your client as soon as you can.  It could save a life., Look at those cuties!, null, NEW TOTAL RAISED FOR ST JUDE: $33,383....THAT'S ONLY $1,617 AWAY FROM BREAKING $35,000!!!!!!!!!!!! It's so close I can taste it!!!!!  Remember, no client EVER pays me for their photo session, instead I have them write their check to St Jude!, null, Hey Photographers, what are you shooting today/tomorrow?  Today I have a high school senior session and tomorrow a family shoot!, Happy Halloween everyone!!!, Just a shout out to all of my supporters!  Thank you for being here!, ATTENTION: I only need to raise $1,892 to hit $35,000 raised for St Jude Children's Research Hospital!!!!!!!!!!!!! That is really not a lot of money! I still have 6 more shoots planned for 2013!, PHOTOGRAPHERS:  If you are a photographer and NOT making any profit from your work, you should consider joining forces with me and my fund raising for St Jude Children's Research Hospital.  Why?  Well, I don't profit either and clients seem to LOVE to write their check to St Jude and hand it to me.  What I am doing is such a feel good thing.  So many people win!!  I win, the client wins and the hospital wins.  HOPE to hear from you!, null, null, I am photographing a Bar Mitzvah on Saturday that will generate $300.00 for St Jude., Found this response on the St Jude page: "Hi Todd, thanks for contacting us. Implementation of the Affordable Care Act does not change our unique model and St. Jude will continue to rely upon the unwavering support of our donors. Many services provided by St. Jude have never been covered by insurance and will not be in the future. Families never receive a bill from St. Jude for treatment, travel, housing or food – primarily due to the support of individuals like you. If you have further questions, please feel free to email us at social@stjude.org.", Hey guys,  I am trying to determine if Obamacare has had a negative impact on St Jude's.  As soon as I find anything out, I will let you all know.  :), null, Please consider buying a Photos for Cures tee shirt to help support St Judes!! :)  Just $20.00 per shirt (not including tax/S&H).  If I sell 50, I will get to make a nice donation to St Jude!!, Check it out, you can now buy a Photos for Cures tee shirt AND support St Jude!!!  If I sell 50 tee shirts, I will donate any earnings to St Jude.  :), What are the 3 most important things when hiring a Photographer?, Every photo session MUST have some silliness.  :), Hey guys!  Just in case I have some new followers, I want to go over how Photos for Cures works.  It's pretty simple actually.  I never make a dime.  I pride myself in allowing my clients to make a donation to St Jude Children's Research Hospital instead of paying me.  Clients LOVE this opportunity to not only help me with my fund raising, but also they LOVE donating to a great hospital.  I charge $75.00 a session.  Clients can always donate more, just not less.  Any questions?  Feel free to ask., I only need to raise $2,443 to hit $35,000 raised for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital! It feels so achievable! Wait.....it IS ACHIEVABLE!, null, Ok, major shout out time!! Alyssa Bartlett from Alyssa Bartlett Photography held a St Jude day and ended up raising (and sending me) $1,079.10!!!!!!!!!!!!! Once that is added to my grand total it will jump to $32,357 which means....I only need to raise $2,643 to hit $35,000, which then means, I can get my 2nd plaque in the hospital., null, $3,722 away from hitting $35,000 raised for the kids of St. Jude Children's Research Hospital! So excited. As soon as I receive the $1,000 donation from Alyssa Bartlett from Alyssa Bartlett Photography, that will put me even closer. I can HIT MY GOAL folks.....not sure when, but I will do it!, Remember, no client ever pays me for their photo session, instead I have them write a check to St St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  Please LIKE my page if you are going to LIKE this photo.  :)  Visibility is key when it comes to awareness., I wonder what the person would say who once told me, "you have a sick obsession with kids with cancer" that I am over $30,000 raised for the kids at St Jude?, null, What's going on everyone?  Any weekend plans?  I have a Photos for Cures shoot on Saturday and Sunday and then I have my ENGAGEMENT photo shoot planned on Sunday afternoon!  Can't wait to make some memories with my Fiance.  :) We have a great photographer lined up too!  She will be doing both our engagement photos and then our wedding in May., Were YOU aware that due to this Government Shut Down, kids can no longer get their clinical trials they were signed up for to treat their cancer/s?  This is infuriating., For most, Childhood Cancer Awareness month has ended.  Not for ME though.  I try to spread awareness all year long.  :), Please friends, if you are going to like the photo, ALSO click the like button on the page.  Thank you!, I raised $2,075 for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in the month of SEPTEMBER. Great, great Childhood Cancer Awareness Month!, So, my contact at St Jude has a little sister currently being treated there for Sickle Cell.  She is my go to gal for St Jude supplies, grand total updates...etc, but I also like to email her every time I send a donation in and tell her how much I am sending.  Why?  Well, it means SO.MUCH.MORE to her since she knows it's going to help her sister get great care., Important facts!, 4 more days of CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS MONTH! It's not over yet baby., null, I am photographing a Senior in high school after work today!  :)  I love working with Seniors!, As I get closer to hitting the $35,000 fund raising goal for St Jude's, if anyone wants to mail me a check made out to St Jude Children's Research Hospital, to HELP, that would be super. Every.single.donation, that I send them, helps my grand total. I will gladly give you my work mailing address where you can send it. Thanks in advance., Fund raising update:  I photographed a fun 4 hour event involving the Original Batmobile from the tv series with a 'Batman' yesterday that generated $1,000 for St Judes!!!  :), Just a friendly reminder, if you are going to like the photo, please ALSO like the page.  Be part of my charitable journey!, ATTENTION: I was just informed by my St Jude rep, that if a LARGE amount of Photographers from across the states contact St Judes to inquire about my Program, Photos for Cures, it might spark enough interest to eventually have the hospital embrace it nationally. Now IF, you want to do this, you would need to drop my name and photography name. Let me know by commenting below if you are willing to do this., There is no better feeling then when a client emails you in all caps saying 'I LOVE THE PHOTOS, THEY LOOK GREAT!!!'. I really love this charitable hobby of mine!, null, DRUM ROLL PLEASE: My latest Charitable Giving stats for St St. Jude Children's Research Hospital: Grand total: $30,193, Photos for Cures total: $15,072, amount left to raise to achieve $35,000 (which gets me my 2nd plaque in the hospital): $4,807, Go to Chilis on Monday!!  They donate 100% of the days profits to St Judes, I have 3,402 fans which is just fantastic, but thanks to FB wanting to charge for 100% visibility, only around 600 people can actually see my posts.....and often times, even less.  So.....visit my page often to see if I have posted anything new, or just to say hello., Not too shabby! So far, I have raised $600.00 for St St. Jude Children's Research Hospital this month with SIX more photo sessions lined up before months end. Now THAT is a way to make a dent in CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS MONTH., Hey guys!  With the photo session I did today, I am now only $7.00 from breaking $30,000 raised for St Jude Children's Research Hospital!!!!, CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS/ST JUDE FACT #13:  "The daily operating cost for St. Jude is $1.8 million, which is primarily covered by public contributions", ATTENTION:  From January to June in 2014, I will be doing only photos for cures photo sessions ONE weekend a month.  I have a strong feeling other weekends will be packed with my wedding prep fun.  I don't mind packing several shoots during the weekend that I deem available either, since I want to still send donations to St Judes.  Thank you for understanding., Remember folks, no client ever pays me for their photo session, instead I have them write a check to St Jude Children's Research Hospital. Go here:  Photos for Cures Photography-Philanthropist to learn more!, CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS/ST JUDE FACT #12:  "In 1962, the survival rate for acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL), the most common form of childhood cancer, was 4%.  Today, the survival rate for this once deadly disease is 94%, thanks to research and treatment protocols developed at St Jude.", CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS/ST JUDE FACT #11:  "St. Jude has developed protocols that have helped push overall survival rates for childhood cancers from less than 20 percent when the hospital opened in 1962 to 80 percent today.", My latest E Card. FEEL FREE TO SHARE., CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS/ST JUDE FACT #10:  "Parents magazine named St. Jude as one of the top children's cancer care hospitals in the U.S. for two consecutive surveys.", null, Remember folks, no client ever pays me for their photo session, instead I have them write their check to St Jude Children's Research Hospital.  :), 3 more likes until I hit 3,400 likes.  No, it's not a contest, but it's still a great achievement!  When you LIKE this page, you are allowing yourself to be part of the childhood cancer awareness community and that's A VERY BIG DEAL to ME.  :) Thanks for being here!, CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS/ST JUDE FACT #9: "No family EVER PAYS St Jude for ANYTHING.", CHILDHOOD CANCER/ST JUDE AWARENESS FACTS 6: "St Jude is the first institution established for the sole purpose of conducting basic and clinical research and treatment into catastrophic childhood diseases, mainly cancer."
CHILDHOOD CANCER/ST JUDE AWARENESS FACT 7: "Research findings at St. Jude are shared freely with doctors and scientists all over the world."
CHILDHOOD CANCER/ST JUDE AWARENESS FACT 8: "The medical and scientific staff published more than 680 articles in academic journals in 2010, more than any other pediatric cancer research center in the US. St Judes researchers are published and cited more often in high impact publications than any other private oncology institution in America.", CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS/ST JUDE FACT #5:  "St Jude is the first and only  pediatric cancer center to be designated as a Comprehensive Cancer Center by the National Cancer Institute.", Just wanted to share some news!  I got engaged tonight!!, null, CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS/ST JUDE FACT #4:  "St. Jude has 78 inpatient beds and treats upwards of 260 patients each day.", I just updated my website with my 2014 pricing.  $100 per session, and $100.00 per family when doing a multi family shoot.  As always, 100% going to St Judes., Attention:  September is now BOOKED.  I have EIGHT shoots lined up which will keep me plenty busy.  Thank you!, CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS/ST JUDE FACT #3: "On average, 7,800 active patients visit the hospital each year, most of whom are treated on an outpatient basis.", THIRTEEN Photos for cures sessions planned between now and November 9th. I am just so excited!, Please, if you are going to like the photo, please also like the page.  :), CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS/ST JUDE FACT #2:  "St. Jude has treated children from all 50 states and from around the world.", CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS/ST JUDE FACT #1:  "St Jude Children's Research Hospital opened on February 4, 1962 and was founded by the late entertainer Danny Thomas.  It's mission is to find cures for children with cancer and other catastrophic diseases through research and treatment", null, Today's multi family shoot., PHOTOGRAPHERS:  Who is helping me fund raise for St Judes in September?  Please leave your page below.  All you have to do is collect donations in the form of checks made out to St Jude Children's Research Hospital to send to me, so that I can send them off to the hospital.  You can send me $50.00 or $500.00, the amount is up to you!  IT will help me reach my goal!!!, null, Looking forward to the 3 day weekend!  I have two PFC shoots this weekend too!  One tomorrow and one on Sunday!, I have 7 photo sessions lined up in September!  Great way to show support for CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS MONTH, considering all of it will benefit St Judes., Repeat clients is the best kind of THANK YOU., Photographers only:  Tag your page, help me get some more likes by sharing my page, and tell me/my readers what your favorite type of photo session is, null, 3 more days until CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS MONTH!!  I will give you ONE fact about St Jude Children's Research Hospital every day for the month., In the time that I have been doing Photos for Cures, since 5/24/10, I have NEVER POCKETED A CENT.  That's a tad over $14,000 that I sent to St Judes.  The best part is that there is no end in sight to my philanthropic ways!  As long as I am healthy and have my camera/laptop, I will be doing this!  All of the fans that liked this page, you are all part of this journey with me!  That's pretty special., null, Some photos from this evening's senior session  , Who wants a St Jude Fund Raising update? Grand Total: $28,878, Photos for Cures total: $14,047 and total left to raise to hit $35,000: $6,122!!! As always, thank you for your continued support!, My FOUR main promises to you as my client:
1.  You will feel pleased with your choice to hire me and help support St Jude Children's Research Hospital
2.  I will make you feel comfortable the entire time I am taking photos of you or your family by letting you be yourself
3.  If I am working with kids, I will allow them to just what they are....KIDS.  
4.  I will edit your photos, but leave them looking natural, Tonight I am photographing a high school senior who will be bringing his snow board and lacrosse stick......this will be a blast!, null, null, PLEASE LOOK AT THIS LINK AND SPREAD THE WORD., I currently have 8 photo sessions lined up between tonight and early October.  Remember, I am trying to raise $6,222 between now and April 27th!!  Every.single.donation HELPS!!!!!!!!, So, I was watching Hollywood Game Night with my boyfriend last night and we were pleased to hear that Minnie Driver was going to donate money to St Jude Children's Research Hospital if her team won.  :)  :) :), null, It's almost been a year since this MAGICAL DAY happened., null, null, null, As many of you know, September is Childhood Cancer Awareness month!!  I have decided that I will give you ONE St Jude Children's Research Hospital FACT a day for the month of September.  Sound like a good idea?, It does not appear this album showed up in the feed yesterday, so wanted to share again!  This was a Senior Session I did yesterday evening.  Likes/comments are always welcome., I feel that in your life, you have two choices....you can make a name for yourself in a positive way or in a negative way. Do you want to be known for doing great things? Or, by doing nothing.......just something to think about., Just a heads up, my page will NOT tolerate cyber bullying towards my clients!  Those comments will be deleted, null, Who wants an St Jude fund raising update?? Grand total with all of my fund raising efforts over the years: $28,778, Photos for Cures total: $13,947, Amount left to raise to hit $35,000 (by 4/27/14--my 40th bday): $6,222, I love sending donations to this great hospital!, null, Hey everyone!  Happy Monday!  I am working at my paying job until 5, then off to another Senior Session!  :), null, Wow!!!!, null, null, SHARE, SHARE, SHARE.  Please and thank you., Hey there likers! My mission is to have all of you happy with your choice to LIKE my page.  I want you to feel informed about St Judes and I want you to get enjoyment out of seeing photos I have taken from photo sessions I did.  I hope I am succeeding! I know there are MANY pages out there to like, so thank you for being here., At St Jude, patients can go to school as well, so that when they are all done with treatments, they can go back to their old school and feel up to speed on curriculum.  This is the lovely Breanna who is currently a patient at St Jude.  Be sure to like her page Cheering for Breanna to read her story., Love my little baldies that I fight so hard for.  , Hello everyone!  I hope everyone had a great weekend and is off to a great start for your Monday.  :)  I have one Senior Session scheduled for Thursday and might have another as well!  :), null, $6,447 left to raise to achieve $35,000 raised for St Jude's.  I really, really want to achieve this by the time I turn 40 on 4/27/14.  I DOUBT I can do this alone, which is why I want to turn to photographers for help.  You don't have to raise more than you can afford to, but trust me, your clients will love your involvement in this project.  Once you have the check made out to St Jude's, you would simply mail it off to me and I would then send it in with necessary St Judes' paperwork.  They track everything I send to them.  PLEASE spread the word.  Again, you don't have to donate 100% like I do, you and I can work together to find an affordable amount to donate.  HOPE TO HEAR FROM YOU., I know I said I was taking August off of doing photo shoots, but evenings after work are ok! I have two senior sessions in the upcoming week. Every session that I do, means more $ for St Jude's and it means me getting closer to my goal of $35,000., Hey all! I am sure many of you voted for Photos for Cures to win as TOP CHARITY in the Boston A List contest, but sadly, I came in second place.  What I do though, is still WINNING in my book., A little Q&A feature piece in my apartment complex blog featuring Yours Truly.  :), See this?  This is another photographer helping out St Judes via Photos for Cures!  Very happy to see this!, null, null, I pride myself in being the type of photographer that I am.  I like to give my clients a fast turn around with producing photos, I like to to keep my editing to a minimum which allows the photo to look nice/clean but keeps it looking like an actual photograph.  I know there are plenty of other photographers out there that might have better skills, and that's ok!  We all just need to focus on staying true to ourselves and what we like to produce for our clients.  I am obviously thankful EVERY.SINGLE.DAY that I have a great full time job that allows me to run Photos for Cures in the fashion that I do.  In 3 years, I have never made a cent from this 'hobby'.  :)  When my client hands me the check made out to St Jude's, they can feel GREAT knowing they helped out a wonderful organization., null, I turn 40 on 4/27/14 as many of you know by now since I keep talking about it.  I want to hit that fund raising goal for St Jude's, AND my newest goal is I want someone to arrange a phone call from Ellen DeGeneres to me.  Ok?  Pretty easy, right?  Thanks ahead of time to whomever makes this happen.  :) :), Here is another example of 'it never hurts to ask':  I asked my apartment complex if they would ever be able to do a write up on Photos for Cures in their monthly news letter and not only did they say yes, but they also will feature me in their blog.  Awesome!, null, FACT:  Since PFC's launch date on 5/24/10 I have done 143 different photo sessions with 100% going to St Jude Children's Research Hospital., null, $6,497 left to raise for St Jude to hit $35,000 before 4/27/14 (my 40th birthday).  Think I can do it?, I had a lot of fun at the Senior Session yesterday evening and will post some of the photos from it tonight!!, When it's a new photography client, I always get some butterflies.....heading to the Stone Church in West Boylston after work., Found my 1st photographer to help me fund raise in September to help honor kids with cancer.  Every photographer has a different financial situation, so even if you can only donate from ONE shoot that month, that's still GREAT.  Please speak up!, null, September is Childhood Cancer Awareness month!  I would love to find at least 5 photographers to help me raise funds for St Jude Children's Research Hospital that month.  In that month, if each photographer could send me a check made out to St Jude in the amount of $100.00 (or more of course), that would be at least $500 that I can send in!  It would also help me get closer to the $35,000 goal I have!  PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.  Clients LOVE donating to such a great hospital!, I get to photograph a High School Senior session after work today!  :), NETWORKING TIME:  If you are a page owner, please leave your page below.  Be sure to check back and like pages that interest you.  Also, if you know any photographer who wants to help me fund raise for St Jude's, please have them reach out to me.  Ready?  GO...., Hey guys!  These are the remaining PFC shoots lined up.  I strongly urge future clients of mine to get yourselves on my calendar when you can, especially for Fall photos.  Don't forget, all donations in November will be made to The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research to honor my Step Dad and his battle.
July 30th (Daniel Bothwell Sr Pix)
Sept 1st (Tolbert family)
October 5th (St Martin family), I donate to such a magical place!!!!!!!!!!, St Jude Children's Research Hospital fund raising update:  Grand Total:  $28,403; Photos for Cures total:  $13,572; Amount left to raise to hit my next goal of $35,000:  $6,597, null, Hey all!  Happy Saturday!  Just an FYI, the contest results won't be announced until August 5th!  So now we wait, null, PLEASE view the invite to VOTE for Photos for Cures if you have not done so already!  If you have already voted, THANK YOU!!!  Voting ends tonight at midnight!, Did YOU know that September is Childhood Cancer Awareness month? What will YOU do to make a difference?, Instant Chills. That is a Memphis football player on the piano at St Jude. This is from the Cheering for Breanna page I was recently introduced to., Hey all!  Where are my fans from?  Please list your city/state below in the comments section!, THIS CONTEST ENDS TOMORROW!!!!!!!!!!!! I have no idea if I am still in first or not! PLEASE vote if you have not done so already. THANK YOU!, null, I am asking this for a colleague, please answer when you can: "When you think of sales or selling, what is the first word that comes to mind?"  Please only ONE word., Just a heads up to any/all future clients of Photos for Cures Photography-Philanthropist: In 2014, I will be raising the hourly donation rate to $100.00 with 100% going to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital., null, A note from the Mother about the photograph that Cali is holding: "Charles was diagnosed with medulablastoma when he was 10 and went thru many treatments with the amazing doctors at Dana Farber but he lost his battle 2 weeks before his 15th bday. He would have graduated high school last month. He put up a hard fight but unfortunately cancer won. He always wanted to be a teacher so he donated his spine and brain to the docs at children's hospital so they could learn from his cancer to help other children.", null, A sneak peak from today's cake smash!, St Jude Fund Raising update: grand total: $28,253; photos for cures total: $13,422; amount left to raise to get my 2nd plaque hung in the hospital: $6,747, I am photographing a cake smash today!  This will be my first one and I am so excited!  The baby girl is turning the big ONE~, null, Please VOTE for Photos for Cures to win as Top Charity in the Boston area!  I am currently in first place, but close to sliding into 2nd.  The contest ends in ONE WEEK!!  VOTE and suggest to your friends to vote as well.  You can only vote ONCE., Good morning!!  Have a great Friday!, Can you see this post?  Tell me your story!  What brought you over to my page?  There are many pages out there, why did you like mine?, Ok, I think I made the decision.....on 4/26/14, the day before I turn 40, I will have a St Jude Comedy Show fund raiser. I did three of these before a few years ago and generated around $10,000 (total with all three events). From my stand up comedy years, I still know many comedians who will hopefully donate 10 minutes of clean material and come out and perform. Now, to find the venue, comedians and guests. I will start actually planning after the new year., $7,100 left to raise to get my 2nd plaque at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  The 2nd plaque will be in the Patrons Section.  I wonder if I should make this my goal for my 40th birthday on 4/27/14?  That would mean I HAVE to raise at least $888 a month.  Photos for Cures donations help, but won't get me there without extra donations.  Any suggestions?, THIS JUST IN.......getting close to losing the #1 spot! EVERYONE, PLEASE VOTE IF YOU HAVE NOT ALREADY!! LINK BELOW TO VOTE!
#1 Photos for Cures 22.6 %
#2 Cradles to Crayons 21.1 %, Good morning everyone!  I have two fun PFC shoots this weekend!  Saturday will be just the cutest Mini Pincher doggie and on Sunday is a cake smash of a little girl turning a year old!!  Best part about hiring me is not only do you get unlimited photos taken with some simple edits done, but you also get to make a tax deductible donation to St Jude!!  How can you beat that?  I love doing this!, Do you know a photographer?  One that is just starting out or one that does it as a career?  Can you see them helping me to support St Jude Children's Research Hospital?  If so, PLEASE share my page.  Even if they can donate once a month, it all counts.  We would work as a TEAM, the photographer would simply advertise that they are helping me/my cause and then have the client write the check to St Jude.  The next step is simply having the photographer mail the check/donation to me and I will track it and mail it off to St Judes to be added to my fund raising total.  TRUST ME WHEN I SAY THIS IS A FEEL GOOD EXPERIENCE, NOT ONLY FOR THE CLIENT, BUT ALSO THE PHOTOGRAPHER., Disclaimer:  if you don't want to see posts about childhood cancer from time to time, this page is not for you.  I will not be offended if you click the like button to 'unlike it'.  However, if you want to stay aware, since we all know awareness saves lives of our precious kids, then this page IS for you.  I will not have a lot of photo shoots this Summer, but it will pick up again in the Fall.  I really only want supportive/kind/caring/empathetic individuals to be with me on this Photos for Cures journey., Some kids will never get cancer, some kids do......some kids like JUSTIN, get it SIX times and CONTINUE TO FIGHT AND BEAT IT.  Go Justin!!, Good morning from Memphis! Today, I will get to eat lunch with a fantastic HR group over at St Jude/ALSAC to talk about PHOTOS FOR CURES. It will be relaxed and fun. I then get to be part of a leadership class over there where they will have me talk to the group about what I do (which did of course take leadership), Hey guys!  So this week, I a doing a bit of traveling.  Chicago for a work business trip (I leave for there today), then I head from there to Memphis, where I will be part of a great St Jude Volunteer Appreciation Event.  It's been 2 years since my last trip to the hospital.  Really looking forward to it.  :), I just ordered this on Amazon to use with certain photo shoots!  :)  I already have a few mustache props and they have been a big hit., Photographers always WELCOME to help me raise funds for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital!  All you do is advertise that you are looking to do a photo session where the client writes their check to St Judes instead of you, and you then mail the donation to me.  I send it in with St Jude paperwork and it gets added to my fund raising efforts.  It's as simple as that.  I GUARANTEE you, NO client will not like to be part of this.  SPREAD THE WORD.  I am here to answer any questions., null, After doing two Mitzvah's, both Bar and Bat and finding it fun and a great way to raise a good chunk for St Jude's, I have decided to officially OFFER my services to those events!  They of course have to be local to Waltham (50 minute drive max).  Please spread the word!, null, Who wants some #stjude #fundraising statistics? Here we go! The latest grand total for all of the fundraising efforts is: $27,903, the Photos for Cures Photography is now at: $13,147 and finally, the amount left to raise in order for me to get a 2nd plaque in the hospital is: $7,097, A photographer not only creates memories for the client, but also for themselves., null, I teared up just now reading this lovely email from my client from yesterdays Bar Mitzvah:  "Hi Kim WOW - AMAZING!!!!!!!! Thanks so much - you did a great job.  I loved the pics, seeing them made me see so much that I had missed.  Thanks for sending them so fast!   I can't thank you enough. What you did was amazing.  See you in 2 years for my daughters!", Happy Friday everyone!!  I have 3 PFC shoots this weekend!  That 'should' generate $400.00 for #stjude #photosforcures #photography, Can you see this post?  If so, give it a like!  It's helpful to know just how many people can see pages in their time lines., I just booked my first Fall PFC photo session!, null, This weekend will be busy for Photos for Cures! I have a 5 hour Bar Mitzvah on Saturday which will raise $250.00 for St Jude's and then two shoots on Sunday! I feel great when I have a camera in my hand and am also raising $ for St Jude., Still in first place in the Boston A List contest!  I leave the link in the comment section, if you want to give Photos for Cures a vote!!
#1 Photos for Cures         28.3 % 
#2 Cradles to Crayons 17.3 %, null, The cake smash had to be rescheduled, so instead I am enjoying a beautiful Saturday with my guy, null, So it seems that I will have a chance (which is a huge, huge honor) to hang out with a bunch of St Jude HR exec's when I am in Memphis on July 11th!! It's the day before our Volunteer Appreciation Event. I will get to talk about Photos for Cures and be part of a quick seminar on being a great Leader. Can't wait!!, I get to photograph a babies Cake Smash on Saturday!  What's a cake smash?  Well, it's when you take a baby that turns either 1 or 2 and you get them a little cake and let them GO CRAZY.....some put their head in it....others their hands, even feet get involved!  I will just be there snapping away all of the adorableness., OK, so why do I get so pumped about the Boston A List contest?  Why do I want to show the world that I can get first place?  Well, let's evaluate who I am up against....I  am up against ORGANIZATIONS......companies and non profits made up of people....lots of people.  I am ONE PERSON who decided to make a difference in the world of childhood cancer by offering my photography services in exchange for a donation to St Jude Children's Research Hospital.  THAT, my friends is why I want to win FIRST PLACE in the contest., null, null, Current Standings for the Boston A List contest.
#1 Cradles to Crayons 20.3 % 
#2 Photos for Cures 16.8 %, See my Photos for Cures in the #2 spot?  If you have not already voted, please vote!  Clients especially, I would love the support!  , Folks, it's that time again!  Do you want to see Photos for Cures in the #1 spot for Boston's top charity?  If so, please vote!  It's very easy to vote.  Thank you!  Last year, I was #2!, null, I wanted to remind my friends/future clients, I am not booking any shoots in the month of August.  September, October and November will be busy with Family Xmas card shoots, I am hoping!, My likes on this page continue to drop.  No matter what though, I will stay true to myself and my charitable hobby., null, I have learned that my favorite type of photo session is a lifestyle session which is similar to photo journalism.  I go to the clients house and mostly do candid shots of the family....typically with young kids of course....this way, it's more comfortable for all parties involved.  Also, it's real.  No fake back drops......simply real life.  I love it!!!, Have I mentioned recently how much I love doing photography as a charitable hobby?  I really and truly do!, I had so much fun at the photo session today!  I hope you all had a chance to view the shared photos!, Up nice and early today because I have a PFC shoot in a couple of hours! Today I get to photograph a baby and his sister at their home/back yard. Can't wait. I love lifestyle shoots, Kim's advice for today: Never, EVER turn your head away from childhood cancer facts. EVER. It can be DEADLY. Anyone can help spread awareness, even if you don't have children (like me). Way too many children dying from this disease., This is my plaque in the hospital!  As soon as I hit $10,000 raised for the hospital, I was able to get it.  Now I am at $27,463., Good morning to you all!  I hope you have a great Wednesday!, Sweet Bella has passed away from her COURAGEOUS battle with cancer.  :( :(, Great news for Marik!  :), Sweet Bella's last update from her Mom., A quick story/background to Photos for Cures:  it was around 12:02am on 5/24/10 that I saw on Facebook that a 3 year old boy, Dylan Seymour who had battled a form of Leukemia had passed away.  I had followed their story for many months and was moved to tears from his passing.  Within 24 hours I came up with the name Photos for Cures and created this charitable hobby of mine.  I am not religious, but THIS was a Spiritual Awakening for sure.  I truly believe that I was guided somehow to make this happen.  I never questioned it.....instead, I ran with it.  I am GLAD I didn't question it.  Dylan will always be my inspiration for this.  Megan Mahony Seymour and Kristofer B. Seymour are his parents and he also left behind 2 great siblings., Happy Birthday to Photos for Cures Photography-Philanthropist!!!  It turns 3 years old TODAY.  In these wonderful three years, I have raised $12,707 for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. I could NOT have done this without COUNTLESS clients  and several photographers along the way that have helped raised funds as well.  THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR THE SUPPORT ALONG THE WAY!!, null, Hello everyone!  Photos for Cures turns THREE YEARS tomorrow!  Here is what I am hoping to achieve, I want to hit $1,000 on my on line St Jude fund raising portal.  I am at $860 currently.  So tomorrow, DONATE whatever you can to help celebrate my charitable hobbies 3rd birthday!!, Hey all, I decided to take August off of doing Photos for Cures sessions. As of now, nothing is booked past the end of July. I know I will be busy again in the Fall! I want to save the month to enjoy the Summer a bit with my guy.....beach days, or weekend excursions..., Just ordered some pens to give clients!  They will say www.photosforcures.com and underneath it will say 100% to St Jude Children's Research Hospital, Yay!  I get to do my first cake smash photo shoot in June!  Can't wait!, null, Hey friends! It's midweek and I am already gearing up for my 2 shoots this weekend!  I have a maternity shoot and a family shoot.  :), From a lovely engagement shoot at DeCordova Sculpture Park and Museum, I am honored/humbled....I was invited back to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital to be part of their Volunteer Appreciation Event!! It's July 12th/13th.....I am going to do what I can to make this work!, Don't forget to smile! , St Jude fund raising update:  Grand total raised for the hospital with PFC + my other fund raising efforts:  $27,463.  Photos for Cures total:  $12,707.  The amount left to raise to be able to get my 2nd plaque in ST Judes Patrons wing:  $7,537., Heading to another wonderful engagement shoot in an hour!  This will be a co worker and his fiancee., It's a beautiful day for an engagement photo shoot!  :)  We can't forget that every time I do a photo shoot, it's a triple win!  I win, the client wins and St Jude wins., Who is with me right now?  Have a page?  Tag it!, How would you describe this page in one word?, 8 more days until Photos for Cures turns 3 years old.  :), Latest update on sweet Bella!, Sending good thoughts to Marik., I am so pleased that the weather looks perfect for my two engagement shoots this weekend!, My buddy Marik is almost done with his chemo treatments!!!  , I have not one, but TWO engagement shoots this weekend!  I am so looking forward to them.  :), I now have TWELVE Photos for Cures shoots lined up!  That will be a minimum of $900 raised for St Jude's between now and the end of July!, Happy Mother's Day to all of the fantastic Moms!  That includes women who only have 'fury' children!!, null, Hey friends/fans!  What is everyone up to today?  I was supposed to have two photo shoots, but they were rescheduled due to weather and me dealing with the end of a chest cold., Have a few dollars? Why not make a tax deductible donation to St Jude Children's Research Hospital, via my fund raising portal!  Just follow the link here.  I am dedicated to helping find cures for childhood cancers., null, To any new fans who have clicked the like button, thank you for being here!  I run my page a bit different than most photographers as I don't just promote my work.  I also do my best to bring awareness to the simple and devastating fact that kids.get.cancer.too.  Awareness is KEY!!!  Denial can be DEADLY., My heart is breaking for Bella and her family/friends.  , Photos for Cures turns THREE YEARS OLD on 5/24!! In 3 years, my charitable hobby has brought in $12,532 to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. I have always called this a win/win/win. I win since I am doing something I love (taking photos/raising funds for St Jude), the client wins since they are getting good quality photos AND are able to donate to a great hospital, and the hospital wins since they are getting donations via my clients. I will tell you this folks, there is NO END IN SITE., Bella's condition seems to be stable but also not good.  This is a beautiful photo., null, Hey everyone!  I am back from my week in California!  The great news is that I now have 11 Photos for Cures shoots in the pipeline. :) May/June are going to be super busy and tons of FUN!!, I am wearing a bright green 'event staff' St Jude tee shirt on the plane tomorrow....basically explaining why I walk/give/donate......simple answer: TO HELP KIDS LIVE, null, Poor sweet Bella...., If you pray....please pray for Bella.  , Hey all, I know this page is kinda quiet from time to time, just not many shoots right now.  Thanks for being here though!  Oh, I am going on vacation to California next week for a week with my boyfriend!  Super excited as he has never been there and I can show him around a bit.....this will be my 3rd trip there., null, My buddy Marik not looking so hot today.....poor guy., LATEST ON OUR SWEET BELLA., Suspect is in custody and ALIVE......Thank Goodness it's over!!!!, My town is still on lock down.....suspect 2 still at large., Hey all, just checking in.....my bf and I live in Waltham which is a town among other towns on lockdown (we are urged not to leave), due to the manhunt for suspect number 2.  Suspect number 1 is dead.  They were brothers.  I won't go to work today unless directed otherwise by State Officials.  My bf is also home., Speechless and sad.  All that work to make Bella 'cancer free' with the heavy abdominal chemo wash.....and her cancer is back.  :(  , Welcome to my newest fans!  Thank you for being here.  This page is a mixture of my photography and spreading awareness for childhood cancers as well as my fund raising efforts for St Judes.  As always, I am here to answer questions!, null, It's these little bald people that drive me to continue to fund raise for St Jude.  A cure must be found, or at least better treatment.  , Dearest photographers, what I do is not a threat to your business, nor will it ever be.  You will always have clients who prefer you and will be faithful to you.  I am not a gal who is going around stealing clients.  I hope you all know that.  The great thing about what I do is that clients can hire me for a session to support my cause, and STILL hire you for other sessions.  PLUS, any photographer can and should consider helping me raise funds for St Jude.  It's super easy and feels great.  Thanks as always for the support., Just received this comment under a post I made on a St Jude photo:  "I'm a 30+ year St Jude survivor. Thanks to people like you, these kids can continue to have hope!!! Thank You!!"  Love seeing posts like this., Hey guys, just wanted to check in.  I was not near the Boston Marathon today thankfully and my heart is with the injured!, OK fans, time for a quiz.......you liked this page, which I am super thankful for, so A.  What brought you here, and B.  What is it that I do/offer?, Who wants a St Judes fund raising update?  Ok, here goes.  Total raised for the hospital with all of my efforts over the years:  $27,288, Total Photos for Cures efforts since launch date on 5/24/10:  $12,532, and lastly, $7,712 left to raise to get my 2nd plaque in the hospital., null, Extremely powerful and quick video.....11 year old Abby was like every other pre teen.....until she got cancer.  , Hey guys, just a quick statement, if my successes will make you jealous or envious or want to unlike the page, then this might not be a good page for you to like.  I want people to support me and my wins/successes.  Lately, after I post some good news, I lose a few fans....like IMMEDIATELY after.  It's a trend that I don't like.  Thank you and Happy Friday!, This little fighter always has a smile.....NO.MATTER.WHAT.  Think about Bella the next time you complain about sitting in traffic, or your Dunkin Donuts order being wrong. Just saying.  We all can learn a lot from these amazing kids., A truly GOOD feeling is when your cousin notifies you that during his travel delays yesterday, he happened to meet a gal who works for St Jude and he talked all about me and what I do for them, and she dropped a colleague a quick email to drop my name and that colleague knew all about me and 'my story'. Being well known at a HUGE and AMAZING children's hospital is a BIG DEAL TO ME and is the NEEDED energy behind what I do., As some of you know, my Step Father has Parkinson's Disease.  As a gift to him, I chose to try to get at least 39 donations by my 39th birthday on 4/27.  So far, I have gotten 29 donations!  I just need 10 more.  PLEASE if you can afford even a $10.00 donation, that would be great.  Parkinsons Disease is what Michael J Fox has and as of now, there is no cure.  , To anyone who likes this page, THANK YOU!  I am happy you are part of this special journey of mine which combines photo taking with charitable giving.  If you ever have questions, please just ask., From my Fox25 Morning News Interview from September 2012.  It was a great experience and medium to talk about my Charitable Giving., I get to dust off my camera and put it to use on Saturday!  A sweet 2 week old boy will be my subject!  Perhaps his toddler sister too!  This will of course be a charitable shoot to benefit St Jude., This one is so great., I want to share a quick story and will leave names out to preserve some privacy.  A gal got connected to me on FB and followed my Photos for Cures journey since she really supports what I do for St Jude.  Very recently, her best friend found out that her daughter had Leukemia and was going to be sent to St Jude for treatment.  This is of course sad news and quite shocking for my friend and her best friend.  She thanked me for doing what I do......she was always impressed by it, but now it REALLY MEANS MUCH, MUCH MORE.  Childhood cancer can strike ANY child at ANY time.  Be aware of the signs!  Awareness is KEY in saving lives., My Mom sent the link to her friends and 3 were nice enough to donate! I have raised $1,035 for Parkinsons Research to honor my Step Dad and his fight! I have had 25 AMAZING people donate, which means only 14 donations to go in 18 days! I CAN DO THIS!!, Who needs a laugh?  If you do, this is a must watch., Here's to making the day count!!, I hope everyone had a great day today!!  Mine was busy and quite enjoyable., Attention photographers:  Sears and Walmart studios have JUST shut their doors....as in...yesterday, perhaps keep the employees who just lost jobs in mind before you post on FB to try to gain new clients.  That's all., I really can't wait to do another Photos for Cures photo session!  Luckily May and June appear to be busy!, null, null, Just to clear up any confusion to any new likers to this page.  You may be seeing some Parkinson's Disease related posts and be wondering if I stopped donating to St Jude Children's Research Hospital.  My answer is NO.  I will never stop donating to St Jude.  HOWEVER, my Step Father has Parkinson's and is experiencing a decline in his health due to it, SO, I chose to fund raise this month (my birthday month), to honor him, also, I will be fund raising for Parkinson's in November to honor his birthday month.  I hope that clears up any confusion.  Thank you., Would anyone be interested or able to make a small donation to The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research in honor of my Step Father and his battle?  I am trying to get 39 donations by my 39th birthday on 4/27.  I only need 26 more donations to reach my goal?  If you can make a donation, please use this link:, First Day of April networking!  NO rules...simply leave your page below and like pages that interest you., null, OMG, so cute!!, Hey Likers, don't ever be afraid to interact with my posts.  I am quite friendly and don't bite......often.  :), It's April Fools Day!  Have you ever played a trick on someone on April 1st?, Happy Easter!!!, Have a happy Friday today!, I might be doing photos for a Blossoming Actor when I am in CA at the end of April!  He calls himself a 'starving artist'.....but still.  That will be great!  It will be a charitable donation to St Jude as well., I learned the hard way NOT to mix personal posts on this page with business related posts (fund raising/cancer awareness/photos from shoots)......How did I learn?  I lost a bunch of 'likers' to the page.  I will do my best to be more considerate of that.  Those that are still with me, thank you for sticking around., null, Latest update on sweet Bella, null, Good morning fine people! Have a great Wednesday!, null, Hey friends, if I want to achieve 39 donations by 4/27 (my 39th bday), people will need to start donating.  :-/  This is to honor my Step Dad and his battle.  PLEASE.  Consider a donation to help fulfill my birthday wish this year.  , Testing out a new feature.  Apparently, one can  now comment and there will be a 'like/reply' section under each comment!  Someone test this out....please?  :), 4 reasons why I cringe when I see Photographers using live chicks or bunnies for Easter photos:
1.  It's not fair to the animal
2.  Animals carry germs that might be dangerous for babies/kids
3.  The animal could become mean and injure your client's baby/kid
4.  The child could become mean and injure the live chick or bunny, Have a page?  Leave it below!  Also where are you located?, BAM, it's official! Want to help me reach my goal of at least 39 donations to PD research by my 39th bday on 4/27? Well, just click the link and make a tax deductible donation! Remember, this is to honor my BRAVE Step Dad.  Come on friends, please support my bday wish.  , My boyfriend took me to the Penny Arcade Expo today in Boston (I had never been), he goes every year due to his line of work.  It was quite the experience!!  I am not a gamer in the true sense of the word, but do get some enjoyment out of playing from time to time.  Also, tons of great costumes everywhere!  I took 60 photos of the event today., BAM, it's official!  Want to help me reach my goal of at least 39 donations to PD research by my 39th bday on 4/27?  Well, just click the link and make a tax deductible donation!  Remember, this is to honor my BRAVE Step Dad., From when I was on Fox25 Morning news to talk about Photos for Cures Photography, Check out Marik's new leg!!!!!  , PHOTOGRAPHERS:  You don't have to donate 100%, 100% of the time in order to help me raise funds for St Jude's.  You can donate what you can, when you can.  If you want to help ME in my quest to raise as much money as I can for the hospital, you would simply send ME the check/s made out to St Jude's and I would send them in with necessary paperwork.  I hope to hear from you and work with you on this LIFE SAVING MISSION., Ask me again why I donate to a Childrens Cancer Research Hospital.....no, really, ASK ME.  :)  I love success stories!, In 2 months and 3 days, Photos for Cures Photography turns 3 YEARS OLD.  Oh, the places this has taken me....emotionally, spiritually and charitably.  :), null, Fun tagging on a Thursday!!  Rules below, MUST follow!  , I hope this Thursday treats you fantastically!, Ok, if you liked my page off a networking/tagging event but don't know what I am all about, then please take a moment to read the 'about' section.  I assure you, you will find that I am different than most photographers!  Thanks for being here!, null, Happy 1st Day of Spring!! Don't let the snow on the ground damper your spirit today. Soon enough, there will be wonderful warm days ahead.....green grass, flowers, regrowth on trees.......ah, Spring.....such a wonderful season., I want to always support St Jude Children's Research Hospital with clients writing their check to the hospital instead of me, BUT, I really think I am 'on to something', by wanting to photograph GREAT kids/teens......so keep on nominating those great kids! (must live 45 minutes from Waltham).....tag them in the comments below!! Thanks. So far, I have 2 that I will be doing this Spring!, Gina Novasio Yavelak from Little Lubby Dubby Photography, THANK YOU. I received the $250.00 that you received from clients on your St Jude Day! Do me a favor, and tag the clients that helped on this special day! My new totals are as follows, thanks to YOU: Grand total raised for St Jude: $27,163, Photos for Cures total raised for St Jude: $12,407, Amount left to raise before getting my 2nd plaque in the hospital: $7,837., Snow day today!  My work office is closed.  Spending the day at home with my bf!, null, Just bought this for $14.00!  (with shipping), Your St Jude moment of the day!, I won't tolerate any of this on my page.  If I see it, I delete it., Happy Monday!, null, Happy St Patricks Day!  Take some photos of your kids or animals in green today and share them on my page!  :), What is your Leprechaun name??, null, Great people are everywhere.....you just have to be patient and keep your eyes open.....do you know a GREAT person?  A person who is between the ages of 10 and 16 and GIVING BACK TO THEIR COMMUNITY?  I want to meet this person and give them a FREE photo shoot.  They need to live within 45 minutes of Waltham, Massachusetts.  SPREAD THE WORD., Another great page to like and support!!! This lovely lady was on The Ellen DeGeneres Show and crowned as a Cover Girl because of her Humanitarian ways! Very impressive story., Every time I share a photo of a kid with cancer, I lose a few likes to my page.  To those people who choose to look the other way like this does not exist, I just hope and pray childhood cancer never invades your home or your friends home.  These kids need all the support they can get., Marik is on his way home!!, Is anyone wearing green today?  We are having a fun day at work where people were politely urged to have fun and wear green!  I work at an Irish company after all., null, OUCH.....poor Marik yanked his port needle out (accidentally).....during chemo....please keep him your T's and P's.....they were ready to head home tonight, but that won't happen if the spot becomes red.  Miracles for Marik is the page if you want to leave some wishes for them., Do you have twitter?  If so, feel free to follow me!, So, I sit here from time to time and wonder who opened my gift for Ellen.....did they even show her? Who is drinking out of the cup and wearing the tee shirt, did anyone bother to read the testimonials and enjoy the photos?....I won't stop with the photography or the fund raising for St Jude, but, I am done trying to get her attention. :-/, From a fantastic Senior photo shoot in the Summer.  I love to get the Mom's or Dad's whenever possible.  :)  

Please don't forget to like my page if you are going to like this photo.  When clients hire me, they are supporting St Judes., During Facebook networking events.....I think most photographers have learned that people view it as liking contest of sorts....the bummer part is some will go as far as liking your page to 'participate' and then unlike it a few hours later.  With that being said, PLEASE only like my page if you GENUINELY want to be part of the page.  Thank you!, Life.is.precious.....we all don't know what tomorrow will bring......Be.Kind.To.One.Another! Stop the HaTe. Stop the BuLlYiNg. Support your friends whenever you can. Laugh often. KISS OFTEN......hug often. Why is being nice so hard for people., Charitable giving......I don't just do it to get attention.....I do it because it FEELS GOOD., Childhood cancer is depressing......we all know this, spreading awareness for this dreadful disease is ESSENTIAL in saving the lives of children.  By liking my page, you will not only enjoy my photography (which will pick up in May), but you will learn more about childhood cancers and of course St Jude Children's Research Hospital, where I donate monthly as a Partner in Hope, and also donate 100% from my photography sessions by simply having the client write the check to the hospital.  THANK YOU for being here!, Darling kids grieving the loss of their amazing father, who courageously fought and sadly lost his battle against cancer.  I did their family photos this year and the year before when Daddy was still in the photos.  It was a surreal shoot to say the least.  Be sure to look in my albums to find the entire album from this year., Have you ever donated to St Jude Children's Research Hospital?  If so, I want to hear from you!!  Leave a comment below., Morning friends!  Have a great Tuesday!, null, The Leukemia Slayer is at again with his humor and positive attitude.  , Remember, you are in charge of your own happiness.  What do you do to make sure that you are happy?, I had paid $60.00 over the month to advertise my page on FB, the advertisement was to get more photographers on board.  In the month, I didn't sign anyone new up, nor did I get more than probably 60ish more likes, so it's safe to say, I won't pay to advertise again.  Lesson learned., Little Lubby Dubby Photography raised $250.00 for St Jude on Sunday! Thank you Gina Novasio Yavelak!!! Can't wait to get the checks in mail so I can send them to the hospital!!, Don't forget to change your clocks before bed tonight!, It's International Woman's Day!  If you are a woman, celebrate yourself AND like this status so I can see how many great women follow my page!, BAM......and this is how it is done folks.......all it takes is a photographer with a kind heart to make a choice to help.  Just once is all it takes to make a difference!!!, Jilly Bean-Photography, can't stop looking at the photos I took of your cutie daughter!, This is fantastic and just reiterates my feelings about photo shop.  I don't use it to slim people down, whiten teeth, or remove scars/acne.  , People ask me 'why donate to St Jude', I always answer, I love their Mission.  Here is their mission (taken off their site) 
"The mission of St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital is to advance cures, and means of prevention, for pediatric catastrophic diseases through research and treatment. Consistent with the vision of our founder Danny Thomas, no child is denied treatment based on race, religion or a family's ability to pay.", This young man impresses me constantly......is he beating Leukemia?  YES......does he also do charitable giving?  YES......way to go Slayer!, I strongly URGE you all to give this page a like.  This young girl started a wonderful project to go to hospitals where kids her age were sick and then paint their nails.  Ellen had her on yesterday and I was touched by her acts of kindness.  :), SHARES WELCOME!, Remember when this happened last year and Photos for Cures came in at #2? I hope they have this contest again this year, because I WILL ENTER AND WIN this year. :), Broke 3,100 likes yesterday.  Thanks for being here!!, Time to ask your Photographer ONE question....either pertaining to Photography, or otherwise.  Hope to hear from you!, Latest update on sweet Bella!, This page needs many, many more likes.....her work is flawless, natural and beautiful. She was my great teacher on Saturday and I urge you to like her page and follow her great page. :), Each and every day that you are alive and well, is a good day to SMILE.  Are YOU smiling today?, St Jude photo of the day! No matter what, all St Jude patients are TOGETHER in their journey., PHOTOGRAPHERS:  Who is helping me raise funds for St Jude this year?  You don't have to do more than you can afford.  You can simply do a St Jude's day......where all clients write checks to St Jude instead of you, or, if you would prefer, you can donate a percentage each month, or quarter.....you would be your own boss.  The ONLY main guideline is to send ME the check/s to St Jude so that when I send it to the hospital, it can help my main fund raising efforts......that way, we will be working as a team!!! I WANT TO HEAR FROM YOU.....:)  Happy Monday!!, As Bella heals from a major surgery away from home to hopefully finally rid herself from her cancer, a special new friend has joined her journey!  Cute little Minnie!, I took this lovely photo at a recent Photography class.  She was the daughter of the photographer being a model for us!, Because as a photographer, you have to get in any position (lady like or not) to get the shot!, For only $19.00 a month, you can help St Jude Children's Research Hospital.  I have been a Partner in Hope for many years, it's a great feeling!!!  If you join, let me know, so I can give you an electronic high five., It's the daily Bella picture from Pray for Bella! Her smile consistently warms my heart!!, I am on the registry, are you?, Happy March!!  Happy Friday too!, Wow, I actually have people spamming my page now!  First they like it, then they spam it.  Guess that makes ME a big deal now!  LOL, Oh, when that happens, I will delete/block you., Here is my current PFC photography session schedule, as you will see, I have nothing booked until May.  
PFC Shoots Lined up:
May 11th (Maya-family)
May 12th (Chloe Hong-ballet)
May 18th (Heidi/Lou engagement)
May 19th (Matt/Deb engagement)
May 26th (Foley multi family pix)
June 8th (Resa and her bf pix)
June 20th (Bar Mitzvah dry run)
June 22nd (Bar Mitzvah)
June 30th (Bonetti family), A sweet ray of sunshine!!!, Hey guys!  Please look at this site that I have linked and share with friends.....Retinoblastoma is not a joke, it is a childhood cancer and it can be caught early if you know what to look for....., If you have never seen this, it's A MUST WATCH, and safe for kids to view!!, HUMOR FOR THE DAY:  I just got an email at work from Staples with the following subject line, "Tied to your desk? Go mobile with Plantronics"  Um, if I were tied to my desk, I would have much bigger problems than which mobile device to use., Here is the on line version of the recent article about me., To my loyal fans, THANK YOU for sticking around.  To the friends who take it upon themselves to share the page to try to get it more visibility, THANK YOU.  Finally, THANK YOU to those that believe not only in me, but my MISSION to try to help kids with cancer.  :), Getting a kidney drain removed today.  Pray for an easy procedure!, The best thing about Facebook is __________(fill in the blank), 2 months until I turn 39!  I can't wait!, null, My page + those that clicked the like button to follow=more childhood cancer awareness spread. That's the best kind of math problem that everyone should get an A on., null, Are YOU a supportive Photographer?  If so, please tag THREE pages below that inspire you the most.  Do NOT tag your own., My package arrived at The Ellen DeGeneres Show 1 week ago today.  The address that I got from a friend was a 'better' address, the non 'fan mail' address.....at this point I would be happy with a simple THANK YOU.  :), So excited for my photography day class on Saturday!, $8,087 left to raise for St Jude Children's Research Hospital in order to get a 2nd plaque to be hung in the Patron's Section.  Seems like a lot of money to raise, doesn't it...I will achieve this, even if it takes a couple more years.  :), I can't say this update surprises me....Bella is a fighter!, This special Charitable Hobby of mine turns 3 years on 5/24!  That is also the same day that the world lost a very special 3 year old boy to Leukemia.  My forever inspiration to start this endeavor:  Dylan Seymour, Photographers, feel free to share., Lucky dog and lucky boy.  :), I have shared this before, but it's important!, I love this!!, We can all learn from kids with cancer.  Their fighting spirit is like none other., I emailed my St Jude contact for more mailing supplies and I got this lovely note back:  "We are happy you are with our organization you truly are someone’s hero"  I can't hear that enough!, Happy Monday!  Let's all have a great day, shall we?, null, What a fun shoot I had this morning!  Fenway the dog was very cooperative!, My first charitable photo shoot of the year is this morning!  Can't wait!, Photographers, leave your pages below and like the ones that interest you.  Sharing this post on your business page will hopefully get more visibility to my page AND gain you new fans as well., So, I turn 39 on 4/27 and this year for my birthday, I am hoping to get 39 different people to make a donation to my St Jude fund raising portal.  I am hoping between now and then, I can achieve this goal.  Here is the link below. Remember, EVERY.PENNY.HELPS, Kim's thought of the day: "NEVER.EVER.GIVE.UP", null, Morning friends!  Can you read this post?  If so, give it a like, or better yet, say hello under it!, Marik with his amazing smile!!, Another courageous kid.  , It's a great day when your boyfriend's 16 year old niece says 'Kim, I want to help St Jude, how can I go about that!'. Love that girl to pieces!, Bella is just amazing....., Photographers, are you feeling bullied by other photographers?  Did you get bullied in school?  THIS IS A MUST WATCH., Please be sure to like my page, if you are going to like the photo!  :)  Thanks!, Have a great Thursday!, To anyone watching the The Ellen DeGeneres Show on a daily basis when it airs at 4pm, you will be the one to see her do a shout out for me before I do, so PLEASE FB me if this happens!  I watch her show daily, but not until 6 or 7., null, 2,656:  United States of America
101:  Canada
59:  United Kingdom
27: Australia
11:  India
11:  Germany
9:  Pakistan
6:  Japan
5:  New Zealand
5: Philippines
4:  Ireland
4:  Italy
4:  South Africa
4:  Slovakia
4:  Egypt
3:  Argentina
3:  Romania
3: Mexico
2:  Bangladesh
2: Algeria, Ok, I want one!  Anyone know where I can buy one for less than $24.99?, Curious to know what clinical trials St Jude currently has going on?  You can always check here:, 5 likes away from 3,000!, Morning fans!  I have one favor to ask to my photographer friends, please ONLY like my page if you like my mission and want to support it, DON'T like my page if you only are doing it to get a like on your page.  My page is different and I kinda like it that way and love when people notice that.  :) Have a great Wednesday!!, I am thinking that in November, (my Step Dad's bday month), I will have my clients make a donation to The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research instead of St Jude.  Time to honor my Step Dad and his courage to live with PD, Delivered                
BURBANK CA 91505                       
02/19/13  9:09am, As I sit here working away, I am left wondering if the package I sent to Ellen has been opened and if it has, did it inspire anyone to show Ellen?, Yay!  I signed up for a 6 hour photography class with Jilly Bean-Photography!!  Can't wait.  Being out and on location and learning about my camera is exactly what I needed!  I take good photos now, but, I know they can improve!, 9 Photos for Cures Photography-Philanthropist shoots lined up between this Saturday and June.  :), 25 more likes to hit 3,000!  Who wants to help me get there?  Let your friends know about the page and why they should like it!  :), The first charitable photo shoot of 2013 will be this weekend!  I get to photograph a beautiful dog in the snow!  :), Good morning!  Check it out, I am getting very close to 3,000 likers on this page!  Thank you all for being part of this journey with me!, Awareness spreaders, SHARE OFTEN, Arrival at Post Office
February 16, 2013, 7:14 am
BURBANK, CA 9150, A wonderful update on Bella (posted by her Mom 7 hours ago), I am not sure who followed this brave girls story, but she passed away today from her battle with cancer.  :(, null, Ok, now it's time to play 'how did you find/hear about my page'?, Bella awake, alert and SMILING!!!!!!!!!!!  So nice to see considering her MAJOR SURGERY she had!, Cancer should never happen to a child.....like ever....but when it does hit, the family deals with it......just imagine Justin's family when they heard the news that his cancer is back for the SIXTH TIME.  6 times......totally sad and just not right., My buddy Marik!!  Positive thoughts his way and he is inpatient for his chemo.  No real appetite....:(, I have a lot of new likers! So, it's time to play 'where in the world are you?'.  Please list your City/State below.....or, even country if you are not in the US, Did you know:  In 1962 the survival rate for Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia was only 4%, but thanks to St Jude's efforts, it's now at 94%?, For your Valentines Day enjoyment!, The package to Ellen DeGeneres has officially been mailed and will arrive Saturday.  I just want to make ONE thing very clear.  I am not doing this to get attention for myself.  This charitable hobby of mine has never BEEN ABOUT ME.  It is and has been about St Jude and those precious kids.  I am a fund raiser and a proud one.  If.......no, WHEN I make it on the show, my main mission is to get more photographers on board with helping me with this important mission., With it being Valentines Day and chances are your hearts are filled with love, why not take that love and donate to St Jude?  The link below will help my own personal fund raising efforts with the hospital!, Who is your valentine today?  What is one special thing about them?, null, I love the advice I have been getting in regards to how to run this page or how to run PFC, but please believe that I am doing the best that I can.  I work a full time day job that I am super grateful for, but of course it limits my time to put towards this charitable project of mine.  It turns 3 years on 5/24/13 and in those 3 years, it has generated over $12,000 for St Jude.  I have had some great help along the way with other photographers donating when they can.  Photos for Cures Photography is not going anywhere!  As long as I have my health, my camera, my laptop and my car, I will continue down this path of fund raising for St Jude.  Too many kids continue to die from cancer and I want to play a part in helping with funding research or care at a great Non Profit Children's Hospital.  Thank you and have a great Wednesday night., No, it's not a numbers game, but I am now 9 away from 2,900 likes to this page., "St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital named as a top cancer care hospital by national magazine survey", Hmmm, who inspires YOU?  Tell Ellen about it!, Let's say your friend says 'Why should I click the like button on Photos for Cures photography, most of the stuff she posts is about kids with cancer....way too depressing'.....WHAT would you say back?, I have sponsored Photos for Cures Photography-Philanthropist for one month. I gave it a budget as well. If I did it correctly, every time someone likes my page, it will show up in the time line for all to see. If you see this happen, please do tell me!!, null, Most recent update on Bella!, From when I was on Fox25 Morning news to talk about Photos for Cures Photography, Good morning!  Please view and share what I have pinned to the top of this page!  I want to sign up a lot of photographers this year to help me fund raise for St Jude.  It's a win/win/win. First win:  You get to do what you love, Second win:  The client will get great photos AND be able to donate to St Jude, Third win:  St Jude will get donations!, A small step backwards for Bella.  , What is the best part about my page?  It can be anything., Go Bella Go!!!!, "Hello St. Jude Friends! The local Boston office of St. Jude is seeking an event photographer for a gala event on Saturday, March 16th, 2013 in Lowell, MA. We need someone flexible with flash photography, action shots, group photos, etc. Arrival time would be 4:30 p.m. with estimated departure at 10:30 p.m. It is a long night with tons going on, so a pair of photographers would make it easy as well. We have a few event related benefits for your donation. Please contact angela.halverson@stjude.org.", One child with cancer is one child too many., IMPORTANT FOR PHOTOGRAPHERS TO READ AND SHARE!  Can you picture yourself helping St Jude WHILE doing photography for clients?  Well, why not help ME and Photos for Cures?, Latest on Bella!  Please follow her page to be sure you don't miss any updates!  Pray for Bella, null, I have a feeling my page might be too 'boring' to people?  I have lost some fans over the last few days.  I know I have not posted new photos in a while, but trust me, some Spring, I will be doing shoots again and raising $$ for St Jude Children's Research Hospital!  So, just sit back and relax!, null, Hello friends!  I hope you all will have a great day!, How did everyone fair in the snow storm?  Here in Waltham we got 25 inches and luckily still have power!  :), null, Hey New England, stay safe with this blizzard!  If you take some pretty snow pictures tomorrow, feel free to post the on my wall!  :)  Enjoy., Update on precious Bella as of 7 hours ago.  , Latest update on Bella as of an hour ago.  What a tough little girl., Talia is a girl fighting cancer.....she is amazing.  The Ellen DeGeneres Show has had her on a couple of times., Great update from Bella's Mom!, Atta Boy Marik!  Such an inspiration!, You know what is AWESOME?  I will tell you!  I just heard from a gal from California that follows PFC here on FB and she wants to hire me for couples photos when she visits Boston in June.  I am honored! (She most likely will see this post, so THANK YOU AGAIN), My little buddy Brayden Shields eager to help on my quest to get on The Ellen Show.  Brayden is a St Jude kid!  He has retinoblastoma in both eyes.  I have yet to meet he or his Mom, but one day WILL!!, Don't know Bella's story?  Well, here you go., Bella is in surgery now.  This is a very, very, intense surgery to remove more cancer turmors that are affecting her quality of life (pressing on her bladder etc). PRAY FOR HER to have a smooth surgery and an easy recovery!  , 140 likes away from 3,000.  Pretty amazing! I love all of my true fans!, For your morning enjoyment., I have no PFC shoots lined up yet in March or April!  Don't hesitate booking me for some family photos, or photos of your baby or child, or even your animal/s.  I live in Waltham now as you all know, so I am limiting my travel time to 30 minutes one way.  (I don't charge for gas, so need to be careful!), Are you having a great day?  If so, tell me what is making it great!, Who's with me right now?  Show this post some love!, I have 2 engagement shoots in the same weekend in May!  :)  Can't wait., St Jude families, PLEASE share this page with OTHER St Jude families!  I would love for them to see how I am in this fight against childhood cancer with them!  THANK YOU., I am just waiting on the 3 items I ordered from the St Jude gift shop and my package for Ellen DeGeneres will be 98% done!  I have 2 more surprises to include in the package before it ships though.  I am HOPEFUL that this will at least catch her attention., Today was a great day!  I hope it was for you all too!, CONTINUE TO PRAY FOR BELLA!, Special day for the hospital!!, St Jude families, just wanted to say STAY STRONG & STAY DETERMINED.  I am in this fight with you!  xoxox, null, Happy Monday friends!  I hope you all have a great week!!, Latest update on Bella., Time to test my likers!  What is the mission of my page?, Thanks to Amy Parker Melanson and her great suggestion, I will be writing LAUGH.DANCE.OPEN all over the package to Ellen., How should I decorate the package that I am sending to The Ellen Show?  I am thinking.....cat stickers?  I could have done St Jude stickers, but didn't think to order them!  I want the package to stand out, but not scare her!  She just HAS TO OPEN IT...., null, Happy Friday and happy first day of February!!  Remember, be kind to one another., An update on sweet Bella!, So far, I have 2 engagement shoots in 2013. :), PHOTOGRAPHERS, SEE THIS?  This is alllll you have to do to get behind raising funds for St Jude, AND helping ME with my fund raising efforts.  , Let's not forget my sweet friends, that I still need to raise at least $8,000 more dollars for St Jude in order to my 2nd plaque in the hospital.  How can YOU help?  Well, a few things, if you can afford a donation, you can either send me a check, or, donate on my fund raising portal which I will give you should you want to go that route....and of course, photographers can help me by sending me whatever they can afford from their photo sessions....be it monthly, or quarterly.  STAY IN TOUCH and let me know if you are able to help in any way!, Please keep Marik in your thoughts!  , What is your favorite charity and why?  Ready?  GO!!, Tap, tap, tap.....is this thing on?  I just wanted to say that I promise to NEVER stop spreading awareness for St Jude and childhood cancer awareness.  My life would not be the same if I stopped.  Thank you and I will be here all week (:) ), Here are three things you may not know about me:
1.  I used to do stand up comedy in Boston
2.  The excitement level I have for each birthday that I celebrate is kinda crazy (4/27 this year will be 39)
3.  I met my amazing boyfriend of just over a year (we just moved in together almost a month ago) on the on line dating site called:  OK Cupid, Here's to MAKING.THE.DAY.COUNT., Prayers needed for Marik!, Taking a poll, would you rather read posts where the post is almost constantly upbeat, positive and optimistic.......OR, from someone who complains, whines, bitches.....?, My 'special project' that I am sending to Ellen is 95% done! I then have to think of a funny/clever way to package it in!!, "STOP BEING BORING", To anyone and everyone that has written on The Ellen DeGeneres Show time line on my behalf to explain to her why I should be on her show, THANK YOU.  I know we all lead busy lives, so for you to stop what you are doing to do this for me (and ultimately for St Jude kids), thank you very much!, Hey all!  Here is my current PFC schedule!  Remember, you can book me again starting in March!  I am ready to create some memories again.  
May 26th (Foley multi family pix)
June 20th (Bar Mitzvah dry run)
June 22nd (Bar Mitzvah)
June 30th (Bonetti family), I promote Photos for Cures as much as I do to get more PHOTOGRAPHERS on board.  Anyone can do what I do and if you want to help me with my St Jude fund raising efforts, then all you need to do is send me donations from your clients in the form of a check made out to St Jude.  They track every penny I send them!  Let's say in 2013, I sign on 10 DEDICATED Photographers to help me fund raise....and they each send me $100.00 a month, well, doing simple math, that's $1,000.00 raised for St Jude.  If you can't send me a donation monthly, that's ok.....even every other month works.  THINK ABOUT IT.....SPREAD THE WORD.  :), Yay! My dentist has hired me back to do another round of photos for their office! Now that they hired on 2 more dentists, they want more head shots and a group shot. :) This will be for a St Jude donation also! That picture you see below is one I had taken. That is a great Hygienist and her daughter as an Acting patient. :), null, null, Good morning likers!  To anyone new to my page, first off, thank you for joining my page, and secondly, I hope you are ready for a special journey!  My posts will most likely conjure up feelings within you.....you might smile or laugh.....or, want to cry.....80% of my posts will to deal with Childhood Cancer Awareness and/or St Jude Children's Research Hospital, the other 20% will deal with my photography!  I am resuming doing photo sessions again in the Spring after taking a few months off!  So, again, Thank You for being here., Who is reading this post?  Say hello.  From what I understand, the more you interact with a page, the more you will see their posts in your time line.  You can also 'get notifications' of what I post., Yay for sweet Bella!  The Bieb' truly cares for sick kids!, I am really looking forward to doing photo sessions again!, AWww, I am off to bed now friends!  I am ONE away from 2,800 likes!  So pumped about that.  I hope by morning I achieve that and beyond!, 3 more likes to hit 2,800!!!, Hey Facebook, I need my Prayer Warriors and Thinkers to keep my Step Dad in your T's and P's......his Journey with Parkinson's has reached a slippery slope with his tremors. They have him on a new STRONGER pill to replace the two pills he was on. This has him pretty down right now, so please send strength and courage to both him and my Mom. Thank you!, I hope you all have an amazing weekend!  Photographers: have fun creating memories for your clients!  Prop Vendors:  happy creating!, For the record, if, and that's a BIG IF, I ever make it on The Ellen Show, my main objective is to get OTHER PHOTOGRAPHERS to join Photos for Cures.  Just imagine how BIG THAT WOULD BE.  Just saying., My little buddy Brayden Shields eager to help on my quest to get on The Ellen Show.  Brayden is a St Jude kid!  He has retinoblastoma in both eyes.  I have yet to meet he or his Mom, but one day WILL!!, Well, Shelly is a man of his word.  He tweeted to me/The Ellen Show that he had a call with them yesterday to pitch PFC on my behalf.  They said 'they will check it out'.  Now, all I do is wait......and possibly wait more.  :), When I walk away from my work desk, I come back and check my phone.....why? Well, I check to see if Ellen DeGeneres called. The reality of this happening is slim to none, BUT doesn't mean I won't mentally prepare for it! :), Loving my life. I am feeling great energy today after a great night of sleep!! Do you want some of my energy or zest for life? Well, I love to share, so feel free to take some! BUT, if you do, you have to pass it on to others as well., I just had to use this little/perfect 'sales pitch' as my cover photo!  Thanks to his Mom Misty for creating it!, Community Advocate was nice enough to link my article on their page!!  , Just wanted to say a big THANK YOU to anyone/everyone who is actually rooting for me to get on The Ellen Show. You are the ones who truly know me and understand that I don't want to be on the show for MY BENEFIT. :) That means a lot., My word for the day:  HOPEFUL, I love stories like this!, Are you on Twitter?  If so, feel free to follow me!  @photosforcures is my twitter name.  Yes, I tweet about my cause......A LOT....., Have a great Thursday friends!  Remember, always be kind to one another.  So much hate in this world and so much can be found on Facebook., null, Can't deal with my posts about kids getting cancer?  Yah, it is tough and scary and emotional at times, well, most times really, JUST IMAGINE how the parents, grandparents, aunts/uncles, siblings, guardians feel when it's THEIR child with CANCER.  Just keep that in mind before hitting the 'unlike' button.  I run this page to do good things in that community., Leave your page below and tell us WHY people should click the like button!  What makes you different from ALL of the pages out there?!, Time to play, where in the world are you!  Please leave your city/state below or country if you are out of the US!, A quick way to make me smile is when I see that someone has written on The Ellen DeGeneres Show timeline on my behalf.  If you want to do this also, just post the link pinned to the top of my page on her timeline.  Thank you!, null, Happy Wednesday everyone!  If you have not gotten a chance to read my latest media piece, it's pinned to the top.  The interviewer did a great, great job!, Hey all, my latest media piece is out!  Enjoy the read and as always, share when you  can!, Ok, time fun!  If you can read this post, please write ONE WORD that best describes this page:, Thank you to Hiedi Hays Photography for your kind words! I wish it was this easy for ALL PHOTOGRAPHERS to make this choice!  "100% of all profits made go straight to St.Jude Childrens Research Hospital ~ Go "Like" her page please! Kim has inspired me so I will be sending her 10% of my profits to add to her St.Jude donations. I wish all people were as selfless as Kim! ", It was brought to my attention in a private email that some might see my posts about 'raising funds for St Jude with my photography' as a way to 'get on the ellen show, to get attention for myself'.  I assure anyone who feels this way, it is NOT my intent.  Those that really know me, know exactly why I want to get on her show.  Sorry for any confusion.  I know doing what I do will always cause hate and jealousy.....it's the nature of the beast as they say., Every day that I am alive and well, is a great day to spread awareness for Childhood Cancer/St Jude.  My posts might be too much for some to handle and that is ok.  I can't really please every audience.  :), Good morning fine people!, Keep Bella and her family in your T's and P's.  They sure need it., I want my page to spread like the flu virus......at least with a simple share of my page, you are not going to pass on a fever/chills/nausea/lack of appetite...., null, null, My Cat Wally really wants to get me on The Ellen DeGeneres Show!, Good morning!  10 more likes to hit 2,700!  Mind blowing!  I love it!  Support on this page=awareness!, Pretty excited that I might get to do a 'no more chemo' photo shoot this Spring/early Summer.  (knocking on wood now of course).  This amazing young man has lost his leg to cancer, but has the best attitude and so far, things are looking 'good'., What photographers that have liked this page live in massachusetts?, Hey everyone!  As the Photographer/Page owner, if you ever have any questions/concerns, please do speak up!  I don't mind hearing from my fans!, null, Photos for Cures Ripple Effect: You like the page, your friends see in their time line that you liked the page, they then (hopefully) read about my page and also hit the like button. ONE like on the page=LOTS OF CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS. Childhood Cancer Awareness=LIVES POTENTIALLY SAVED!, null, You know, I could have chosen not to advocate for anything, or to advocate for something warm and fuzzy like rainbows and puppies......but, I didn't....I chose to advocate for childhood cancer and I am pretty sure all Cancer Moms/Dads are pretty HAPPY that I made this choice., Networking over at Joshua Zello Photography (NO LINKS BELOW), Yes, Yes, Yes......Brayden Shields is STABLE....his eyes don't show any new tumors.  I am so happy for him and his family!!!!!!, The only 'problem' with people blindly liking your page on ladders and other networking posts, is they don't actually see what your page is all about.  So, to my newest likers, PLEASE read the 'about' section to learn how I am different than most photographers.  Thank you!, "St. Jude patients Marion and Brooklynn are hosting a virtual St. Jude Game Day. Give Back. party together to help support St. Jude and celebrate the big game. Watch this fun video of their favorite football party tips.", null, What is UP everyone?, Photographers:  Have I inspired you to 'give back' with a percentage of your profits from your photography business?  If so, I am looking for 5-10 volunteers to write a brief paragraph explaining how and why you think I deserve to be on The Ellen DeGeneres Show.  THANK YOU IN ADVANCE., null, Ok, so here is an idea....what if I sent The Ellen DeGeneres Show a mini photo book of like 10 of my favorite photos that I have taken during PFC shoots?  I would also include a copy of that letter I wrote for her.  The thing is....why would she want a photo book of people she doesn't know?  Hmmmm, THIS IS AMAZING!!!!!, Holy wow.....you all must like this page.  The work is insane., Do you like my page?  Have fun on it?  Learn from it?  Well, tell your friends about it!  I love the support and people should find out about good pages on Facebook!, I tweeted Jo Dee Messina my FB page and that I raise funds for St Jude and she just replied with: "Maybe when I'm in the Northeast you can shoot pics for me", Ok, all let's have some morning recognition!  Tag 3 of your favorite pages on Facebook.....they can be prop vendors, photographers, celebrities......just use the @ symbol to tag them!!  Ready, set, GOOOO!!, Have a day filled with love, laughter and fun!, By supporting my page, you are in essence showing support for sick kids., Always praying for sweet Bella, I am still hoping for other Photographers to join my mission in helping raise funds for St Judes!  Please share the link with your photographer friends.  THANK YOU., Oh.my.word...cuter than cute.  , Morning networking over at Bluebird Pictures, I can't wait to start doing PFC shoots again in the Spring!!, Top of the morning to you all!  Happy to have you 'on board' as likers of my page., Hey all!  Sorry I have been MIA!  I got moved into my new town home with my boyfriend.....will take a few weeks to get completely unpacked/settled.  So far, we are pretty happy though!, TAGGING ON A FRIDAY NIGHT?  Sure, why not!!
1.  Share on your BUSINESS PAGE 
2.  Tag your business page below
3.  Play fair and like pages of interest to you!
4.  The more people that see this post, the more fun we will have!, Marik always causes smiles!  Let's hope this chemo cycle works well!  Feel free to hit like on Miracles for Marik to follow his special journey., Photographers:  Do you want me to host a tagging event?  10 likes and I will., null, null, Sweet Bella, enjoying life the best way she can right now!!!, No names will be given at this time so I don't jinx it....and it might not work out to my advantage anyways.....BUT, I do know someone who knows/has contact with Ellen DeGeneres's brother Vance. I was asked by said person to write up a quick summary of Photos for Cures and if the timing is ever appropriate, he will pass it on to Vance. Can't hurt, right? Now......what to write....!, null, null, Have a great Thursday out there!!, This photo makes me smile., My heart is so warm with all of the support on this page!  I know that you also would want to see me on The Ellen DeGeneres Show as much as I would love to get on there!  You all rock!!, null, 2 more likes to hit 2,600!, Have a wonderful Wednesday!  St Judes Trivia:  Is St Judes a non profit?, Mark my words......in the year 2013 that we are in, I will get a call from The Ellen DeGeneres Show!  I will them make an even bigger impact on the fight against childhood cancer.  Those who want to help me out.....just post what you can on her time line.....support my charitable hobby by shouting it from rooftops.  You know I appreciate all of you for helping!, 100 likes on my post (pinned to the top of my page) on the Ellen time line!  I guess sponsoring it was a good idea!  I wish it was pinned to the top her her time line, but FB is not set up that way.  :), How very fitting!, My latest post on The Ellen DeGeneres Show time line:  "Do me a favor if you can, look into your audience right now, and picture the first 46 people you see are children all with IV's pumping Chemo inside their fragile and young bodies, they are all trying so hard to be brave and just live their life in the best way they know how. Now look at your front row, well 7 seats are empty. Why? Well, 7 young kids would have been sitting there, but sadly they passed away from their cancer. Every.single.day, 46 new kids get the cancer diagnosis and 7 kids die from cancer. Repeat after me, THIS.IS.DAILY. I know you have the power to help. How do I know this? Well, the WORLD knows who you are and well THEY LOVE YOU. Help ME to help THEM by supporting my Facebook page: Photos for Cures Photography-Philanthropist. I am a Boston based photographer who instead of making money from my clients, I have them write their check to St Jude Children's Research Hospital. So far, I have raised over $26,000 for the hospital. So again, I ask you to please be aware and consider helping me to help them. Thank you.", null, Bella needs an ARMY of prayer warriors and positive thinkers......please and thank you., 2,600 likes by 5pm?  Just 29 more to achieve that!, null, null, Good morning sweet fans!  Have yourselves a great day!  Keep on spreading the good word about my page here.  Awareness is KEY when it comes to childhood cancers!, Just wanted to check in with my likers.  If you can read this post, please let me know why you clicked the like button., Check out the handsome Marik!!  Such determination!, OK, just a quick reminder, I still need to raise $8,162 to get the $25,000 Patrons Plaque in St Judes.  I WILL achieve this.  Might take a year or so, but I will achieve this!  Remember, every time someone donates on my On Line fund raising portal it HELPS against this total!, null, This Spring and Summer I want to do more photo shoots with people that involve their hobbies/sports.....but with a different twist.  If you have a child that does ballet or dance, I would love to get them all dressed up in their dance outfit and then find a location that is not where you would typically find someone all dressed up.....ie:  a field, an abandoned building, even a cemetery.  The same could work with a child/teen who plays an instrument.....I think that would be a blast!!  If this interests you, please consider hiring me NOW for the late Spring/Summer.  I will gladly put you in the book now (Saturdays or Sundays only).  Remember it's now $75.00 an hour now and you will write the entire check to St Judes., null, A few things about your Photographer/St Judes Fundraiser:  Today I celebrate my 1 year relationship with my wonderful boyfriend and this weekend we move in together!  (a new town home for both of us).  Exciting times ahead!, For those who are starting to follow Bella's story here on FB.  Read below, be sure to click the like button on her page to help show support.  She is such a beautiful young girl.  , Love this one!  I can't help against the childhood cancer fight ALONE., :( :(  Sweet Bella just does not deserve this.....NO CHILD DOES., There are several different types of people in this world: 1. Those that help you grow, 2. Those that fear your growth and 3. Those that are jealous of your growth and turn angry/bitter. Which type are you? Growth, in this case can be really anything that applies most to you......spiritual growth, business growth, love growth.....I tend to create some of the best friendships with people that fall into category #1. I have known my share of #2's and well, #3 we all know, but those people will eventually find their way out of your lives one way or another (and it will be for the good), null, null, 3 things to remember:  1.  I won't stop fund raising for St Judes, 2.  I won't stop doing photography and 3.  I won't stop trying to get on The Ellen DeGeneres Show!, Chills.....look at the statues under the bed.....
, Bella NEEDS a great scan!  CANCER, BE GONE!!!!!!!!!!!, SHARE!, Let's all think of Marik as he gets his chemo tomorrow.  , Swoon, null, The more awareness to my page, the more awareness to St Judes and Childhood Cancer.  Share it often!  It will make you feel good to spread the word., :), Let's try this again, shall we?  Good morning sweet fans!  Thanks for being part of my very special charitable adventure!, Evening Silent Tagging!  
1.  Post page below
2.  SHARE on your BUSINESS PAGE
3.  Have fun!, null, null, null, Photographers: If I can't find a photography course in the Waltham area in February, are there any photographers who shoot with a Canon camera that would be willing to mentor me a bit to help me shoot manual with my camera instead of automatic all the time?, Remember when this happened last year!  Coming in 2nd was pretty awesome!, Holy wow.  A must watch., null, Pray for Miss Bella!!, Hey all!  Don't forget that as of March, I will be doing PFC shoots again!  You can book me now to be sure to get in my calendar (only Saturdays or Sundays).  The new rate this year is $75.00 an hour, and the client will still write the entire check to St Judes., It's Aidan!!!  I met this little cutie at St Jude back in July of 2011~, Stay safe tonight friends.  Don't drink and drive, even if you may just be 'buzzed'!  10 more hours until 2013!!, Who will get your New Years Kiss tomorrow night?  Tag them below!  Mark Eric, thank you for this idea!, BIDDING WILL REMAIN OPEN UNTIL I SEE AT LEAST 5 BIDS.  Thank you., BIDDING IS NOW OPEN FOR TWO HOURS ON THE CROCHETED HATS BELOW BY Pennie Layne Photography.  Be sure to click the photo pinned to the top to see the listed sizes (in a comment below by Pennie Gables).  These will be great props!!  Beginning bid is starting at $30.00 for all three.  The winner will get the hats in exchange for a St Jude donation via my on line fund raising link (which will be provided to you at the time of winning).  BIDDING WILL REMAIN OPEN UNTIL 10PM est LEAVE YOUR BIDS UNDER THIS POST., OK, not much interest, but I will open the bidding for the 3 crocheted hats (pinned to the top) at 8pm EST and keep it open for 2 hours., Powerful message.  Please click on the photo to read, Ok, well, I wanted to reach the goal I set for myself of $1,000 raised on line for the kids of St Judes before year end and I now have only 3 days to achieve that!  I realize it's after Xmas and money is most likely tight, BUT if you do want to help out, please consider a donation.  Just follow the link.  I just have $180.00 more to raise on line.  Thanks!, Hey fans!  What was the best Xmas/Holiday gift you received this year and what was the best gift you gave this year?  List below., Merry Christmas!!, Have a wonderful Christmas Eve everyone!, Time to network!  Have a page? Leave it below!  No rules.  Ladder will close at 11:00pm EST  Have fun and do like the pages that interest you., null, I realize my page won't be for everyone, so to those that actually want to be part of it, THANK YOU.  If people chose to click the unlike button due to not liking me for whatever reason, well, that I can't control, but if people are clicking the unlike button due to not wanting to see a lot of childhood cancer related posts because their children are healthy....well, I urge those people to reconsider.  You never know when childhood cancer may strike and then, you might just realize how thankful you were for my page.  Childhood cancer parents were once just 'parents', keep that in mind.  Thank you., Good night out there in FB land!  I am on vacation now until 1/2/13!  (vacation from my day job....the one with the salary that allows me to run Photos for Cures the way that I do!), When I see something on my feed that has to do with a child with cancer, I don't keep scrolling.  I read about the child, educate myself when I can.  Why?  Well, I think it makes me a better St Judes fund raiser.  I want to know what I am fighting so hard for.  Thank you, that is all.  :), Wow, this took my breath away.  , This little lady is gangsta', The word of the evening is PERSEVERANCE.  I am posting that eCard A LOT on The Ellen DeGeneres Show time line.  Feel free to join in with the sharing!, This is Marik!  I hope to photograph him in the early Spring!!, Hey sweet/beautiful/caring friends.....if you ARE going to share the eCard that is pinned to the top of my page, please be sure it on The Ellen DeGeneres Show......NOT the Ellen Degeneres page.  The ONLY page she has that is a legit page is the first one.  THANK YOU., I would like to remind everyone that this Christmas might be the First Christmas without a child gone too soon from Cancer.  We should keep those families in our thoughts and prayers., 4 more likes to hit 2,500!, null, Just did two back to back eCard shares on The Ellen DeGeneres Show time line.  The eCard is pinned to the top!  Getting a cluster of people to post it at once is better since so many post on her time line., Top of the morning to you all!  Only positivity from this Photographer/Fund Raiser today!, Ok, off to bed!  I will be posting that E Card on The Ellen DeGeneres Show time line tomorrow!!  Night all!, Networking at Angel.Kisses.Photography!  (no links here), I am sad that no one posted anything on my photography time line while I was at dinner with my Dad despite me suggesting you all share favorite photos....well, I tried!  :), I think we all need some support tonight!!  I am heading out to eat with my Dad, so, from until i am back on line, feel free to share a piece of 'art' on my page.  It can be a painting you did, or a photo you took, a prop you made and are proud of......ENJOY and please, BE NICE., The gal who started this page does truly have a great heart, and I want to be sure I do recognize that., I am truly sorry if anyone was offended by my last post.  It got way out of hand, thus, I deleted it.  I wish nothing but the best for all photographers out there.  I mean that., The holidays are a time to share joy. Design an ornament for the St. Jude Children's Tree, and send a message of hope to the kids of St. Jude. Create your ornament at: http://bit.ly/StJHolidayCheer, Awwww, love them., null, Saying that people with guns are more likely to kill is like saying people with cameras are more likely to photograph child porn. Get the picture?  (Feel free to share, I simply put some words together), Silent tagging pinned to the top!  Open until noon!!  No links here please., Wednesday morning tagging!!!
RULES:
1.  SHARE this post on your BUSINESS PAGE
2.  LIKE the pages that interest you
3.  LEAVE your page below
HAVE FUN AND PLAY FAIR!!!, It's hard for me to get 100% behind spreading awareness like I usually do for St Judes and childhood cancer awareness, considering what recently happened in Newtown, CT.  I think I need more time to grieve over those 20 lost children.  I will come back strong next week., Who wants morning silent tagging?  10 likes and I will host it!, Do I have any sharers out there who want to form an army tonight?  What do I mean?  I mean hit up the The Ellen DeGeneres Show time line like craazyyyy.....just share this E Card and write a few words as to why you feel I should be on the show!  THANK YOU IN ADVANCE!  I promise, if I ever get on the show, I will bring a lot of awareness to st judes and childhood cancer!  , Great clarification!, $290.00 remaining to hit my $1,000 goal.  I would love to hit that target by year end.  Care to donate to ST Judes?  Want to help ME with my fund raising efforts?  Great, just click the link below to donate whatever you can.  Thanks!, Great suggestions on how to help!  Feel free to share!, JUST A REMINDER
Events you can call me for:
Maternity photos, Newborn photos, Baby photos, Children photos, Couples photos/engagement photos, Family photos, Christmas/Holiday photos, Birthday parties for babies or children, High School Senior photos, Photos of pets, Head shots, Modeling shots, Military Homecomings, For your lunch time swoonging......major photo props go to Shannon Leigh Studios, Confidence is good, right?  Well, then I will say this "I WILL get on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, not sure when or what it will take, but I will get on it.". Why?  Well, #1 I used to do stand up comedy as did she.  #2 She loves Humanitarianism and well, I feel that I am one.  #3, I know she has met Marlo Thomas  and knows all about St Judes.  So, yah, once she knows my story, she will bite, I just know it!, null, Morning you fine, fine people! Don't forget you can still share the E Card that is pinned to the top on The Ellen DeGeneres Show time line as often as you want!  You can share a few words as to why it would be super cool to have me on her show!  Don't know how to share it?  Simply save the photo on your desk top and then upload it on her time line!, Sleep well friends/fans!!, A good friend/connection is proud of your accomplishments instead of feeling threatened by them., SHARE.....this is a great idea!, Go visit Hammermill and give them a like!!!  After all, they support St Judes., Well, the budget for this post has run out......it was visible to around 2,800 people, which is great and last night and this morning a few people shared the photo on The Ellen DeGeneres Show time line.  Don't forget, you can continue to share on my behalf!  Tons of times in a row if you want and have the time to do so!  Thank you!, Good night fans.  Thanks as always for your support., I know many of you have had enough about what happened in Newtown, CT., but CNN is having a live Memorial Service.....Obama is also there., null, I am glad I paid for that post!  2,258 people have 'seen it' and 47 people have shared it.  I think only 20 or so actually shared it on the Ellen DeGeneres timeline.  ( The Ellen DeGeneres Show) is her page.  Simply save the E Card that I made (pinned to the top), then upload it on Ellen's time line.  I need an ARMY to do this for me and often, that's the only chance I have for her or her producers seeing it!!  If I get on her show, I will bring awareness to St Judes and childhood cancer.  Thank you if you have already shared for me!, Hey sweet friends!  Don't forget to PLEASE share that photo (pinned to the top) on the Ellen DeGeneres page.  You simply have to save the photo on your desk top, and visit her page and then 'add photo'.....which is where you would normally post something.  You can do this as often as you want since the more posts, the higher the probability she/her producers will see it!  Thanks again!, null, Hey folks, let's celebrate children tonight.  Please feel free to post ONE photo of YOUR children on my page.  Not a clients child, but YOUR child.  If you don't have a child, well, a pet is fine too!!, I hope you all managed to have an 'ok' day today.  I am home from work and catching up on the news to see what details I may have missed regarding the CT massacre, My heart goes out to Sandy Hook Elementary school in Newtown, CT.  27 killed, 18 were children., Ok, so I paid $15.00 to promote the post with the E Card for people to share it on Ellen's time line and by promoting it, it 'claims' that at least 2,500 people will see it between this morning and monday morning....why do I not believe that?  I think I learned my lesson and won't pay to promote again., PLEASE SHARE THIS PHOTO on The Ellen DeGeneres Show's time line!!  It's very simple to share this photo as OFTEN as you can today.  THANK YOU!!!, I am off to sleep folks!  I will drift off to sleep thinking of ways to get the attention of Ellen DeGeneres., I am very tempted to pay the $15.00 to have this show up on all of my likers pages....which will make it more 'likely' to have Ellen spot it, IF people share it ON HER WALL.  Thoughts?, It makes my heart smile that there are people who have liked my page that actually look forward to posts by me whether it be my photography or just sharing a photo of a sick child to help gain awareness.  Thank you for sharing this journey with me!, null, SHARE, SHARE, SHARE!  Please and thank you.  You can even share it on The Ellen DeGeneres Show wall!, Hey all!  I hope your 12/12/12 has treated you well today!  I am sure many of you know by now, my ultimate dream is to get on The Ellen DeGeneres Show.  Why?  Well, I want to bring attention to St Judes and childhood cancer.  So, if ANYONE has any connections out there that could lead me to her......please speak up!  I have emailed the show about 100 times in 2.5 years and tweeted her and facebooked her.....she has way, way too many followers for me to get spotted., Bella enjoying some birthday fun!!  , 'Take that Cancer'....., To all of my newest followers, I wanted to share a very memorable time for me.  The local Fox news station granted me some air time to talk about Photos for Cures!  I had such a blast., null, Have an amazing day out there!  Try to make a positive difference today if you can!, null, I am just curious, out of the people who can read this, are you affiliated somehow with St Judes?  Do you work there or are you a parent of a child who was treated there, or still is?, Very funny for those that use instagram (some F bombs), I am thankful for my newest likers on this page.  I hope you are all here to help me spread awareness for childhood cancer.  Of course this is also my photography page, but I am not doing sessions again until April, so I have a lot of time to stay on top of spreading the word!, null, 2 great siblings!, Picture being a cancer mom or dad.....and your primary focus is to do what you can to keep your child from not dying too young which sometimes, will happen regardless.  That is where parents of healthy kids comes in......Cancer Moms/Dads DEPEND on you, not to turn your back on them, but to HELP, SPREAD AWARENESS and ADVOCATE FOR SICK KIDS.  Get the picture?  Stop pretending this does not exist, stop thinking 'childhood cancer is too sad, I don't like to think about it'..........those thoughts need to leave your mind and be replaced with 'we have to help these families'., PROUDLY SIGNED!, null, Have a peaceful night of sleep everyone!, When a St Jude Mom or Dad says Thank you to me, it means so much and drives me to want to raise that much more for St Judes., Cindy Artrip from Fairytales & Treasures Children's Photography, sent me an $800.00 donation to St Judes to help out my grand total! Thank you again very, very much girl! The new grand total with your donation will be $26,488!!!, Let's keep Miss Bella in your thoughts/prayers!, A great couple!!, $315.00 left to raise to meet the $1,000 goal I had given myself to raise for St Judes on line.  Remember, adding to this total helps my grand total!!  PLEASE consider helping me and the kids of St Judes before 2013!  Thank you so much., Have a wonderful Monday folks!, So I watched the Chase giving awards tonight (dvred from last night), and it left me wondering if Photos for Cures Photography-Philanthropist will ever be 'big' enough to be granted a million dollar award.....or even nominated. One never knows!, 7 more likes to hit 2,400!  Feel free to tell  your friends about my page to help me get there!  You KNOW I would do it for you.  :), Go to LifeTree Photography for some networking!, Photographers, with 2013 rapidly approaching, I would love to get an idea of which photographers will be willing to help me raise funds for St Judes?!  Please read the link and let me know if you want to help out!, Networking fun at Fortuna Photography, What kind of fun should we have on my page this evening?, Just awesome., Head over to Rachel Vanoven Photography to see more great work and be sure to like her page!  , Photographers, let's take this time to be proud of ourselves and our work....please feel free to post the best photo you have ever taken with the LEAST editing.  Have fun and have fun admiring peoples work!, null, null, Good morning!  I realize that someone you liked my page assuming it was just a photography page.  I realize that some of you might feel the topic of childhood cancer is 'too heavy' to read about everyday.  I will leave you with one thought......just imagine if it were your child sick with cancer......you would WANT OTHERS TO  HELP......I want to have you all on my journey here of photography and awareness, but if it is too much, I will try not to bummed out about losing 'likers' on the page.  Thank you for your time.  If you are  FAN of my page and my PASSION, then SHARE my page and suggest to your friends that they like it., null, Did you watch this today?  Will you?  You don't have to.....but PLEASE SHARE IT!  It might save a life., null, null, It is HERE, the 50 minute version of The Truth 365 having to do with REAL stories of Childhood Cancer.....spoken by the kids themselves....if you don't want to watch, that's fine, but please SHARE!  Thank  you., Don't ever give up on your dreams and goals.  Go after it!  Fight for it!!  Just don't lose sight of it!, I might get the chance to talk to a group of 30 in the HR department at St Judes next December about Photos for Cures and my passion for fund raising!!!! I was emailed by someone that works in the department and this is a strong possibility.  SO.HONORED., 5 things you may not have known about your photographer:
1.  Before photography, I did stand up comedy in Boston
2.  I was married from 1998-2000, divorced and now in love with an incredible man whom I hope to marry soon!
3.  I am 38 years old and LOVE my birthdays!  
4.  I have a degree in Psychology
5.  The last time I threw up I was 15 (weird and random, I know), This is the time to nominate an extra kind person......chances are, you might know someone?, Amazing work right here!  Please check out her page and like it!, It's mid week folks!  2 more days until the weekend!  Do me a favor, tag your favorite 3 photographers/prop vendors below!  Enjoy., null, Welcome to my new likers!, Leave your page below and let us all know how many likers you have!  Maybe we can help the smaller pages get some more fans!  Good luck and have fun!, :(, If you like my page and feel that you either learn from it or enjoy seeing my work, PLEASE share it and spread the word.  I guarantee my page is very unique in the other pages on FB!, PROGRESS!!, null, The thing about childhood cancer is that there are still parents out there that turn the other way until that scary day that they are told their child has cancer.  Turning the other way is NOT SAFE.  Be aware and CARE enough to SHARE facts!!, I know I am not doing photo shoots right now, but that does NOT mean, I will stop fund raising for St Judes!  PLEASE consider making a donation via my on line fund raising portal.  This helps my grand total number.  Just click the link and donate what you can/when you can.  We need to stop 46/7.  46 new kids everyday are diagnosed with cancer and 7 kids DIE everyday.  Donations help to fund research and care.  Thank you.  , Please watch!!!, Good morning!  Have a great Tuesday!!, I am 3 away from 2,300 likers....so, why not have a networking party! Only 2 rules.....SHARE this post and please do not mark anyone's pages as spam, that's not very nice, whenever I see that, I always unmark it anyways.  :), null, Reminder that in 2013, my pricing will change to:  $75.00 an hour (minimum donation)  If I do a multi family I ask for $75.00 per family.  Also, since the client writes the whole check to St Judes, they are more than welcome to donate as much as they want!!, I read this and proudly realized that I am not a 'photographer'....I am simply a woman who takes photos in exchange for a St Jude donation.  Simple as that., null, Hey all, what is your favorite thing about my page?, null, Bella rocking a Justin Beiber shirt!  That girl seems to always be smiling!, Let's try to remember to make this the season of giving!, Not sure who is around for fun right now, but time to get to know your photographer.....you can ask me 5 questions and NOT about photography!  Ready?  Go!, null, Quick question to my photographers, when I go to a photog page and see that I can no longer like or comment on anything, does that mean I have been banned?  If so, what is the point to continuing to like the page?  The only option I still have is to 'share'.  This post is NOT supposed to be negative or rude, I am really just asking., I hope everyone has been having a great weekend!!  It feels so strange not to have photo sessions!!  I know this break is ok for me though.  I will be shooting again come April!, So, despite me not doing anymore charitable photos for cures sessions until April, I PROMISE to continue to spread awareness for childhood cancer.  You will see loads of posts about st judes.  I hope you do stay with me on this journey.  xoxo, null, THIS JUST IN:  my fund raising will hit a new HIGH when I receive the $790.00 from Cindy Artrip from Fairytales & Treasures Children's Photography........drum roll please:  $26,478!!!!!!!!!!  Not only did I break the $25,000 by year end, but surpassed it by almost $1,500!!  Thank you to all photographers who helped me over the last 2.5 years and THANK YOU to my amazing CLIENTS who believed in my cause enough to trust me with taking their photos!!!!, For those who missed this last night!, I would love to get at least ONE person to donate every day.  Just follow the link below and it will help my personal fund raising efforts at St Judes.  Current on line total is $685.00.  Help me get to $1,000 by the end of 2012~~, Yup, this is what drives me to keep fund raising!  How cute is she?  , Happy last day of November everyone!!  xo, TUNE IN NOW!!!!!!!!!!  JUST CLICK THE LINK!!!, I plan on tuning in for sure!!, A sincere THANK YOU to all of my supporters out there.  :)  Have a wonderful night., Jennifer Aniston is a huge supporter of St Jude., This is just adorable....., null, Hey clients of 2012, first of all, thank you for your belief in me as a photographer, and secondly thank you for donating to St Judes!! I mentioned this last week, but if I took your Xmas Card photo, I would love a copy! It's always fun to see which photo/photos are chosen!, I think in 2013, I will take 1 photo a day with my iPhone.  It will be in an album called 365 photos.  :)  I realize this is not original...., null, This man is a genius......completely...., Who bought a lottery ticket?, Hey likers.....are you all getting what you want out of my page?  I do try to keep my fans happy., Want to see which companies support and fund raise for St Judes?, Sweet Bella!!, To help me celebrate the $25,000 raised at St Judes, why not help that grand total grow even more!  Every penny I raise on my on line portal helps that total keep growing!  Right now $435 has been raised on line......Can you spare $20.00, $50.00?.....more?  Remember that St Judes is a non profit......they DEPEND on donations to run and treat kids!, St Jude plaque order form has just been emailed over......feeling emotional......$25,000 is HUGE SUM OF MONEY that I have raised and I can't wait to have this plaque be dedicated FOREVER MORE to Gracie., You win a large sum of cash.  The first thing you do is ______?, Complete this sentence:  I am thankful for______, Well, again.......the Universe has spoken to me........now talk about crazy timing......I get this email from my St Judes fund raising contact:  "I have $25,353.00 WOO HOO, bells, whistles, streamer’s and shakers are going off here for you we are so excited!" and while I am reading it, the song 'Hallelujah' comes on my Pandora Radio Station......IF THAT IS NOT A SIGN FROM ABOVE, I AM NOT SURE WHAT IS!!!!!, I hope you all have an amazing Tuesday!, Clients of 2012....did I do your xmas card photos this year?  Would you mind sending me one?  I love to get them in the mail! :), If you can read this post, please let me know where you are reading it from?  (city/state)......I am so thankful for all of you for choosing to follow my charitable hobby!, null, My last photo shoot that was lined up for 2012 needs to reschedule until the Spring......with that being said, Photos for Cures Photography-Philanthropist is on a temporary vacation until March of 2013.  Now that I broke the $25,000 raised for the hospital, I feel 'ok' about taking a break from fund raising., null, Well, we all know it's Cyber Monday.....so, many are shopping on line today......perhaps, you will want to help out my St Judes on line fund raising efforts as well?  Just click the link and donate what you can.  My current on line total is $435.00.  I set a goal of $1,000 for myself., Happy Monday everyone!  I hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving last week and are starting this week feeling refreshed!, Not sure which photographers/prop vendors are around right now, but if you are seeing this post, please feel free to leave your page below!, So, after my photo shoot on December 1st, this page may seem quiet.....don't worry though, Photos for Cures is not going anywhere.  I will resume scheduling photo shoots starting in March., How are my 'page likers' doing?  How was your Thanksgiving?, Happy Thanksgiving friends!  Please try to remember our St Jude friends today too......some of the kids and their families, not to mention medical professionals will be spending their day inside the hospital., The photo session today was just amazing.....with the very generous donation that was given to me, Photos for Cures has broken $12,000!!  Be on the look out later for photos from today's session., OK, folks, tomorrow is my second to last PFC shoot for 2012.  Very bitter sweet.  :(, I ask you one favor on Thursday.....please think of the less fortunate....be it, those without homes, the ill, the dying, or those going through tough times.  Turn this day into thinking about OTHERS.  Thank you., Time to be thankful for our fellow photographers and prop vendors....leave your pages below!  Remember, when you share that I am networking, it not only draws attention to my page, BUT also draws more attention to yours.  :)  Enjoy!, Hey guys!  Photographers, I am just curious, have you ever donated proceeds to a charity, and if so, which one?, I am really looking to the photo session I have tomorrow!  This will be a very special family (Mother, Father, College age daughter).  The Father has been a cancer fighter for a while now.  I can't wait to create some amazing memories for them.  Rumor has it, there will also be a puppy involved!  :), null, null, What a beautiful video of Thanks!, null, Let's play a game.....let's say Ellen DeGeneres knocks on your door......what is the first thing you would say to her?, A happy client makes my heart happy., After today's shoots, I only need to raise $122.00 to hit the BIG $25,000 raised for St Jude.  I have 2 shoots tomorrow and 1 on December 1st.  PLUS, Cindy Artrip is sending me at least $600.00 from her sessions!!, Everyone having a great weekend?, These are the photos I volunteered to take at the St Judes walk today!, Top 5 reasons I choose to support St Judes:
1.  They are a children's hospital
2.  They also do research
3.  No family is ever turned away if they have the inability to pay
4.  They are a NON PROFIT
5.  They truly create a place of hope for these kids and their families, Love., Fill in the blank: When it comes to Facebook, I ______, This is the St Judes walk I am photographing tomorrow., I can not wait any longer! Cindy Artrip from Fairytales & Treasures Children's Photography has already raised $600.00 for St Judes to help me with my fund raising!!! She still has more sessions she is lining up as well!!! I know she is good for it and is a woman of her word, so in a couple of weeks, I will have a check in my mail box that I can send in to the hospital.......Cindy, you rock! Between my 4 sessions this weekend and what you are sending me, we have broken $25,000 raised for St Judes., My line up of shoots this weekend:
Saturday:  Photographing the St Judes Give Thanks walk in the morning followed by 2 PFC sessions in the afternoon
Sunday:  1 family session and 1 head shots session.
That should be a minimum of $200.00 for St Judes when all is said and done., Shares welcome., Just received this email via my website:
Hi Kim. I learned about you from the Boston Globe in the Globe west section. I'd like to contribute.
I have been needing a head shot of myself for business purposes and have been putting it off for a lack of time to focus on it. Think how pleased I was when something so nice was so nicely presented. I was touched by your generosity as well as the particular cause that you are raising the money for. It seems a win-win-win all around.
Could we work on setting a schedule for pictures?
I look forward to meeting you in person.
Sincerely,, null, null, 2013 is rapidly approaching!  With that being said.....what photographers are able to donate to St Judes in the upcoming year?  We can all work together to help a great hospital and also see just how high we can get my fund raising total to be!!, This warms my heart., null, Have a question for your photographer/st judes fund raiser?  Fire away!, Happy Thursday everyone!!!, Have you taken a photo you are extremely proud of?  If so, post it on my wall!!, I want to play 'get to know who is behind the camera'.....so Photographers, please post a photo of yourself and tell me 3 things about yourself., Friday would have been Gracie's 8th birthday.  Let's all keep the Purdum family in your thoughts and prayers as I am sure it will be an emotional day.  As you all know, Gracie (a St Judes patient whom I met once) lost her battle with brain cancer in early September.......that girl's legacy lives on though!!  Thank you., null, Do you want to help me reach $25,000 before the year is up?  You can by donating via my on line fund raising link.  It goes right to St Judes!!  $25.00, $50.00....more.....every penny helps!  Think of Brayden's good results today.......Brayden may not have been alive today (at almost 3) without St Judes!!!!, Have fun networking over at Ashley Mosher Photography!, New likers!  Happy to have you all here.  My page is not just photography, it's so much more.  I am an avid fund raiser for St Judes and a proud one at that.  I never make money from my photo sessions, instead have my clients write their checks to St Judes.  Since 5/24/10, over $11,000 has been raised.  Combining 3 other non photography fund raisers, I am close to $25,000!  So, welcome, sit back and learn a thing or two about St Judes while enjoying my photography., OK guys, leave your page below, your city/state and how many likes you currently have on your page.  SHARE on your BUSINESS PAGE and play fair., Rumor has it, it's illegal to do a photo session on train tracks.....is there truth to that?  I see tons of photographers doing it!, The Marketing guy for St Judes canceled our call today......said his child was sick.  Valid reason of course, who knows whether we will reschedule the call or not., These kids are true heroes......, Photographers, those raising funds for St Judes this month and December, PLEASE keep me in the loop and let me know when I can expect the check to hit my mail box.  As you all know, I am very close to hitting $25,000 by year end!!, It’s not too late to register for the St. Jude Give thanks. Walk. in your area! Join thousands across 90 communities this Saturday, 11/17. Sign up today!, Networking at Jessica Warfield Photography, null, I can't wait for Saturday!!!  Not only am I photographing the St Judes Give Thanks walk in Natick, but I then have 2 Photos for Cures photo shoots!! Both family sessions, one family that I photographed last year and the other family found out about me through the first family!  I love when new clients hear about me through the grapevine!, Good morning and happy Tuesday!!, Time to keep Mr. Brayden in your T's and P's.  He is the almost 3 year old with Eye Cancer.  This post is from his Mother.  "It's that time again the time when Brayden and I must make the 5 hour car ride to Memphis, hoping and praying the whole time for a safe trip and no bad results on his Wednesday EUA. That time when all the nervousness I've tried to hide becomes visiable on my face. The time when I can here the sound of the clock ticking even though it makes no sound. Until the words come out of Dr.Wilson's mouth "He's stable for now, we'll see you in a few weeks" I can breathe no sigh of relief. So for now we laugh, we play, we pray, and we wait. Tick Tock Tick Tock....
St.Jude here we come!", I just have to share this!!!!  Remember when I shared a photo of a gorgeous Momma lying on the beach pregnant?  Well this is her with her baby!!  Thanks for sharing Keila June Photography!!, This holds true for photographers being bullied too!, Lunch time networking at Full Circle Photography - Captured by Randee.  Please DON'T tag your pages on this post.....visit her page., Email received by my contact at St Judes (not including the 250.00 I am sending them tomorrow):
Kim,
I have $24,478.00 for your grand total as of now.  I am sending out a Woot! Woot! Hollering from the rooftop.
Paula Woods
Coordinator Support Representative, null, I want to explain something to my FB community.  Do I LOVE when you use a photo I took of you during your photo shoot as your profile or cover photo?  Well, YES, I do.  Do I get a little crazy when clients do this but crop out the water mark and don't mention who took the photo (me/my page). Yes, I do.  Let me just explain why....when the watermark is not visible and the page is not mentioned, it appears that 'just anyone' took the photo, when in fact, that's not true.  Photographers like to get recognition whenever possible, even Philanthropists such as myself.  Thank you for understanding.  Again, I LOVE SEEING MY WORK used as profile/cover photos, and if the watermark just doesn't fit, at least MENTION my page in the description section.  THANK YOU., My website is all caught up with the latest sessions., Ok photographers and fans of this page......without being overly critical, when you view my photos, what do you think?  Do you feel I capture moments well?  Do you think that they need a lot more editing?, Photographers, I want to get an idea of who is going to be sending me donations for St Judes before the end of December?, Photog's let's have some fun on this Sunday afternoon.  You have my permission to post a photo of a 'Toddler Gone Wild' on my timeline.  That could be a kid kicking and screaming, or pouting, or walking away from the shot.....have fun with it!!  I know we all have photos like this!!, Who wants some St Judes Fund Raising updates?  After the 2 shoots this weekend, PFC has a new total of $11,597!  My grand total now with the hospital is $24,718!!  Just $282 away from $25,000 and getting my 2nd plaque in the hospital!!  I WILL meet this goal by the end of December even if I have to make up the difference with my own money., I am headed out to create more memories with my camera.  Today a family session with a toddler.... ;-)  Also it's at the same location where the couple got their wedding photos done a few years back.....that's pretty special!  (I didn't do their wedding shots), null, Wow what a great photo, although I hate that this 92 year old Great Grandpa has to see his great grand daughter have to deal with cancer., When photographing a toddler, we have to remember, they are TODDLERS, they may never look at the camera, they may pout or cry, they may walk away from a lined up shot, but that's totally ok.  I say embrace it!  Chances are, if you are taking a lot of photos, you are bound to still get some cute ones!!, Photographers, get some REST tonight, especially if you have shoots tomorrow/Sunday.  Massachusetts has some great weather in store both days, which is just great!!, HPJ Photography, get out of town.......this deserves awards or something!!!!  This is fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Still Memories Photography, what a darling shot!  Great idea to do black and white.  , Breaking Dawn Photography, what a cute expression you captured!  , Wow, another great water capture, but this time by Tammy Davis Photography, Awww, so cute!  Charis-Anne Jette Photography, very nice!, What a great water capture by D Gray Photography & Editing!!, OK, I am ready to go through those top 10 pages to share some awesome work!  Oh, I am also eating a light dinner and will be watching todays Ellen DeGeneres Show!!, Photographers, let's have some Friday night fun, shall we?  The first 10 photographers to tag your pages below will get me to share an image that strikes me from a random album on your page.  I will then share it on my page!!  I am off to the gym for an hour, so will do this around 8 or 8:30 EST, but I will do it, so be patient!  :), Hey all!  The name change request went through!! I added a VERY IMPORTANT word at the end which will now show the world what kind of work I do., 6 more PFC shoots in 2012. As you all know, will be taking a break from 12-2-12 until 2-28-13. Also, now that I am moving to Waltham in January, it will give me a chance to scout out new locations to shoot at!!, null, I have 2 family sessions this weekend to photograph.  One tomorrow which is a client from last year and a new one on Sunday (a co worker).  What are you all shooting?, Have a page?  Leave it below!  Like pages of interest to you and SHARE, SHARE, SHARE!!, Good night lovely people!!!  Let's all have a great Friday tomorrow, shall we?, null, null, Remember folks, no client ever pays me for their photo session, instead I have them write their check to St Jude Children's Research Hospital.  :), I get asked this question often.  Why St Judes?, PHOTOGRAPHERS: Currently, I am $500 away from hitting $25,000 raised for St Jude Children's Research Hospital.  $11,000 of that comes from my Photography Clients writing checks to the hospital instead of me.  I really, really want to hit this before year end.  If ANY OF YOU can see yourself helping out this November/early December, that would be amazing.  You simply advertize to your clients that you are doing a St Judes shoot and you can even pick how much you want to donate!  You then send me a check made out to St Judes and it will help towards this goal of mine!  When I hit $25K, I get a SECOND plaque hanging in the hospital!!  I HOPE TO HEAR FROM YOU., Good morning sweet friends!!  I hope you all have a wonderful Thursday., Wednesday evening Tagging!  No rules.....just leave your page below!, null, As people start to complain about the 'early snow' in New England.....think of this cancer fighter.....chances are, she would much prefer to play in the snow!  While you are at it, please like Peach's Neet Feet!  They are awesome., PLEASE SHARE when possible.  You never know which photographers might be interested in helping me fund raise for St Judes., null, I will be photographing this event!!!  If you live near Natick, Mass.....PLEASE consider registering for this walk!!, There is networking going on at Bluebird Pictures!, Regardless of who you voted for, we can ALL AGREE that Childhood Cancers need more FUNDING.  Good morning to you all and thank you for being part of this special journey with me where I will share my photography and my knowledge about Childhood Cancer and St Judes., null, OK, I asked the other day what your favorite thing was about Photography, now what about your least favorite thing?  Limit your answer to 3 things.  Heading to the gym now and will read answers when I get back!, ELECTION DAY TAGGING.  Please tag your page below!!  Don't forget to SHARE and find some new people to like my page!, "St. Jude holiday cards are now available. Make a gift in honor of your loved ones and St. Jude will personalize a holiday card just for them. See all the available cards and place your order here: http://bit.ly/StJudeHolidayCards.", Good night friends and don't forget to cast your vote tomorrow if you can., Name ONE person....NOT in your family that inspires you the most., 40 away from 2,000 likes to this page.  Thank you all very much!  I love the support.  (I always lose a few when I put up a post like this), Bella continues to win her fight against cancer!!  Great update from her Mom!, null, SHARES WELCOME, but please mention Photos for Cures Photography if you do share it., The sad reality to childhood cancer is that it can and does kill kids.  Educate yourself, spread awareness and DONATE to reputable organizations whenever possible., null, You know, if you want to help me reach my $25,000 fund raising goal by the end of 2012, you can just donate on line also!  Alternatively, if you want to send a check to me made out to St Judes in any amount, you can do that too., Only 6 more shoots in 2012, then taking a much needed break until March., As a HUGE St Judes supporter and Childhood Cancer Awareness Advocate, my main request is to ask you parents NOT to turn the other way, be AWARE that just because it's not your child who is sick with cancer, does NOT mean it will never be your child.  Spread the word when you can about my page here, because I promise to keep you all educated about childhood cancer as much as I can., Almost Bellas' MRI time....., null, To my newest likers, thank you for being part of my special 'Charitable Hobby'., null, null, The generosity of my 3 clients this weekend was like none other. My new PFC total is now $11,347, with my grand total now being, $24,703!! That is now less than 300.00 to hit $25,000 which means a new plaque in the hospital!, A few things when it comes to my Photos for Cures.  1.  First and foremost, I am a fund raiser for St Judes 2.  The photo taking aspect comes second 3.  I put myself in the clients shoes and ask myself 'how long would I want to wait to get the photos' (my answer is--within 24-48 hours) 4.  YES, I do edit my work (on windows 7 photo editing software), but ONLY using the cropping tool, contrast, highlight, shadow and if needed red eye removal.  Each photo takes less than 5 minutes (not bragging, that's just the way it is).  5.  I ONLY use Photoshop to put on the watermark 6.  I want my client to always get REAL looking photos from me.  Photos that truly document life the way it currently is......meaning, if a teen has acne, which most do, well, you will see him/her for who they are at that time in their life........erasing acne out of a picture can be offensive.  So, that's your PHOTOGRAPHER in a nutshell., THIS JUST IN:  I got my first email from a local photographer who saw my article in the paper!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  She is not only interested, but is taking a photography class at Brandeis and wants to see if I can come in and give a presentation!!!, There I am!  It's the top piece!!, Ok, folks!  Off to get some sleep.....2 more shoots tomorrow....one at 10 and the other at 3., Best part of being a photographer....ready, set....GO!, Reminder:  Photos for Cures should be in the Boston Globe West People section in tomorrow's paper!  There should also be an on line version!, It was an honor to meet and photograph this little man today. Some might say he has disabilities.....but I saw ABILITIES.....he was friendly, sweet and very affectionate towards his family. Here is a description written by his Father on the Guardian Angel Motorsports website: "My son Colin was one of the reasons we started Guardian Angel Motorsports (GAM). Colin has global chromosomal developmental delays due to a translocation of his 4th and 8th chromosome. Basically, he has a disorder that affects his brain development. So he isn't like the other kids.", Updating my website.....7 new sessions on going on!, null, Don't forget to change the clocks before bed tonight....we are 'falling back'. Those who have photo shoots tomorrow, hopefully our clients remember too! ;), null, Got permission to go ahead and watermark/post photos from todays shoot!!  Can't wait for the reveal., I 'need' to raise $497 more to reach $25,000 for St Judes.  With the 8 remaining PFC shoots in 2012, I should be able to achieve that., TWO MORE LIKES TO HIT 1,900!, Well, Photos for Cures Photography has a new total after shoot number one today.......$11,147!!  Just think I have 1 more shoot today and 2 tomorrow!!, Get good sleep tonight Photographers and have fun on your shoots tomorrow!!!!!!!!!  Always remember, it's ok to make mistakes and to either under edit or over edit.....as long as we constantly are learning., QUICK AND EFFECTIVE.......get the 'picture'? Just ask Misty Dawn Shields, she will tell you all about her son Brayden and his eye cancer. If you notice anything like this when looking at photos of your child while using flash photography, DON'T WAIT. Make an appointment soon., Ok, well, I am in a great mood, so tag your pages below!  Please do SHARE my post on your personal page.  THANKS!!, Photographers, if YOU help me get to 1,900 likes, we can do a tagging event.  Deal?  Genuine likes though....people that actually see what I do and want to follow my journey., You know what I LOVE? I love checking my mail and seeing a check from a Photographer made out to St Judes. Thank you Ashley Mosher Photography for your SECOND donation to St Judes. You have brought me $3.00 away from $11,000. YOU.....ARE...AWESOME., null, So, out of curiosity....to those that can actually read this, why did you click the like button?  Was it more for my photography work, or more for my mission to help St Judes.  Or, both?, I have FOUR PFC shoots this weekend!  2 family sessions tomorrow and 2 family sessions on Sunday.  What are you all photographing?, This is where I work!  Great company, great product, great employees!  , I am being interviewed by that Northeastern University Journalism student today for her Magazine Project.....she is featuring Photos for Cures as a profile piece. We are meeting for lunch. If all goes well with this, her professor wants to talk to 4 of my friends/family members to get more of an inside to me. Such fun!, "Today launches the annual St. Jude Thanks and Giving campaign! This holiday season join St. Jude in saving children’s lives. Sign up to learn about the groundbreaking discoveries you are making possible and the lives you are saving.", Hang on folks!!! Facebook is changing things up AGAIN! Fan pages now have a new feature for users to opt in to receive notifications every time a page makes a post. If you want to see all updates from Photos for Cures Photography, here's what you can do:

From the fan page, hover your mouse over the "Liked" button (above to the right). A drop down box will appear. Make sure the first option "Get Notifications" is checked.

This feature will allow you to see all posts from the pages that interest you most. THANK YOU!!, Friends!  I have fallen to 2nd place!  In order for your LIKE to count, you HAVE to click the photo to be sure you are on the Golds Gym site and then click like!!!  I have 25 currently and first place has over 50, Hannah Joy Photography, just beautiful.  , Carrie Kizuka Photography, LLC, it does NOT get better than this!!!!!  , TJS Photography. this is stunning!!!!!!!!!!!, First 7 photography pages to leave their pages below will get me snooping in your albums and will post my favorite shot on my page here and tag your page.  I am off to the gym and will enjoy the snooping in a couple hours from now.  First SEVEN only.  ENJOY!, Hey fans, can you all please click the photo and click the like button?  I am in a contest at my gym!!  Oh and, yes, it's me the photographer/founder of Photos for Cures., Every time a Mother or Father or even Relative of a child with cancer reaches out to me to say THANK YOU, it reassures me that I am doing THE RIGHT THING.  Am I independently wealthy?  No, but I just can't see how pocketing anything from my photography would be 'right'.  I want to be the voice for these kids and their families and will continue to spread the word OFTEN.  My past and future clients are also a HUGE part in this 'Charitable Hobby' of mine, without them, I couldn't send so much $$ to St Judes., SHARES WELCOME!, Happy November, friends!, Halloween Networking!  All pages can feel free to tag their page below.  Works best on a computer...just the @ symbol and then start typing your page....the rest should generate.  PLAY FAIR BY LIKING OTHER PAGES OF INTEREST AND PLEASE DO SHARE., Be safe tonight!  I am off to the gym with my vampire face make up on.  :), null, null, Friends:  go to Live Laugh Love Photography and look for my photo....it's me as a Vampire......the contest is based on LIKES.....click the like button below it!!  Thanks., null, HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!  Are you dressed up today?  If so, what are you?  Feel free to post a photo on my timeline of either your costume or your kids costumes., Just need to be honest about something here.....as Photographers, we should always stay honest with our editing....if you as a photographer take the liberty to really, really enhance a babies eyes to the bluest of blues.....and tons of people compliment the photo saying things like 'wow, that babies eyes are amazing'........I just think the truth should come out.  It's not a big deal to admit 'well, yah, they aren't really that blue, I just enhanced them'.  Remember, people believe anything you put on FB....so honesty is key., Once again in the spirit of Halloween, who here believes in the Paranormal?  Spirits?  Orbs in photos?, Remember PHOTOGRAPHERS, I am always looking for dedicated PHOTOGRAPHERS to join me in helping raise money for St Judes.  Remember, you don't have to donate 100% like I do.  Whatever you can do is great.  Hope to hear from you., OK, so I did a PFC shoot for a wonderful family last November.....a Mother and Father and their 3 kids.....2 of the kids are twins.  When I did the shoot, I knew that the Father was battling cancer, so I did my darndest to set that information aside and create some amazing memories for this family.  I am pretty sure I succeeded!  Anyways, I am photographing this family again on Sunday......but, sadly, this time, without the Father who did end up passing away from his cancer some some months ago.  This is when Photographers have to do our best to keep our sadness in check and create new memories that will hopefully also last a lifetime., Ok, I just ran the numbers and by 12/1 (my last shoot of 2012), I should break $25,000 raised for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.  That means, I can get a 2nd plaque in the hospital!  This time, in the Patrons wing.  With this being a constant fund raiser.....clients can always donate more than the $50.00 hourly rate., 10 PFC shoots lined up in November and 1 on 12/1/12, then a BREAK until March when I will be available again.  I have been doing this non stop since 5/24/10.  I think that makes me a very dedicated St Judes fund raiser!  :) :), Shares welcome!!, Networking on Kristen Charles Photography!  Go there and leave your page!, Hi, Kim -
I've (finally!) submitted your story to run in the Boston Globe West People column on Sunday, Nov. 4.
I hope you get a great response!
Best,
Cindy Cantrell, null, null, Those in the path of the storm, stay safe and be smart.  Both my boyfriend and I are working from home as our offices did not open., Welcome new likers!!  Thank you for being part of this special journey of not only my photography, but spreading awareness for St Judes and childhood cancers., St Judes will be getting $220.00 from todays shoots!! PFC's new total is: $10,922!, Ok, slept great, my camera and lenses are packed with 2 charged batteries and I am ready to create some memories!  Now, time to eat some breakfast., Heading to sleep now....from 10-12, I will be photographing 6 kids under 2 in Halloween costumes (3 families)....something tells me a good night of sleep will be necessary!  Can't wait though!, null, null, My friend Misty is very good at spreading awareness through videos.  If you are squeamish, I advise not watching, but sadly this is the reality of childhood cancers.  Kids have ports that live under their skin, when they are due in for treatment or just to run an IV, they can use the port.  Getting accessed, basically gets it ready for the next day.  Almost 3 year old BiRetinalBlastoma fighter is not a fan!  What I do love about this video is just how calm and amazing the St Jude docs/nurses are despite a child having a breakdown.  It is quite the place and I am happy to fund raise for it!, Do you have or know a child with cancer or that passed away from cancer?, Just curious, those who can read this....where are you reading it?  In the main feed or in the ticker?, null, After doing Photography for clients for 2.5 years, it is time to learn and grow.  I will be taking a Community Education Photography class in February (assuming I can find one) and if possible want to find a local photographer to teach me a thing or two about Photo shop.  I still will want to keep my photos looking real and won't ever do selective coloring, but know there is plenty to learn.  Photos for Cures Photography will ALWAYS be my charitable hobby, but we all must learn and grow!!  I know there are plenty of on line courses/you tube videos, but I don't learn that way, I learn best with actual human interaction., 3 year old St Jude patient Aidan needs thoughts and prayers.  I met him and boy he is a cutie.  Here is a post from his Mom:  "Aidan has a fever of 102.4 and says his neck and the back of his head hurt. I just called St. Jude, waiting to hear back from the doc on call.", Good morning!  Have a great day!, PFC Shoots Lined up:
October 25th (Nikki and Julio)
October 27th (Preeper kid halloween pix)
November 3rd (Morgan Doucette kids)
November 3rd (Tracey Shepard family)
November 4th (Hong family)
November 4th (Crosby family)
November 10th (Carroll family pix)
November 11th (Kevorkian family pix)
November 17th (Shifrin xmas photos)
November 17th (Susan Hughes family)
November 18th (Lyons family pix)
December 1st (St Martin family pix)
May 26th (Foley multi family pix)
June 22nd (Bar Mitzvah), null, Fun challenge time.....once a day at least, give a photography page a shout out on your personal page.  Say a few nice words and urge people to like their page.  I just did this and it felt great., null, I want to be sure I have liked all of the Photography/Prop/Knit pages, so leave them below....., Come 2013 when I start PFC up again in March, I am debating on charging $75.00 an hour now instead of $50.00.  It will still all go to St Judes, but this way, I can raise them more money.  Thoughts?? (Note:  if you already booked me, you will still only be charged the $50.00), null, Feel free to share!, ONE MORE LIKE TO HIT 1,800!, Like this status if you LIKE to see posts about childhood cancer awareness and st judes., null, Go visit KnM Photography for some morning networking!, Good morning fans!  I hope you all have a great day!  Perhaps I will see 1,800 likes today?!, :( This is why I do what I do to raise funds for St Judes!  We just have to find cures and better treatment options.  , OK photog's all done!  Just shared 7 AMAZING PHOTOS.....be sure to like their pages as well., 535 Photography, can't even stand how pretty this photo is!!!, LoveBug Photography.....award winning photo right here!  Great work!, Four Prints Photography, I am so happy I found this photo again!!!  I love it!!!, OK, off to the gym for an hour.....in that time, PHOTOGRAPHERS only, please leave your pages below and when I get back, I will RANDOMLY pick 7 pages where I will visit your page and pick my favorite photo in a RANDOM album, then display it on my page (don't worry, I will tag your page).  HAVE FUN!, null, Feeling very HONORED!  Just got the following email via my website:
"Hi Kim,
My name is Christina Bivona. I'm a journalism student at Northeastern University and I'm looking to write a profile piece for my magazine writing class. I came across your company on boston.cityvoter.com and thought you would be a great person to write about and learn more about the story behind your charity. Unfortunately, I'm on a tight deadline, so if you could get back to me as soon as possible that would be appreciated. Thanks so much and I look forward to speaking with you soon.", Before Lunch Tagging
Only RULE:  SHARE THIS POST
Leave your business page below.  
ENJOY., null, Good morning likers! Have a great Wednesday! If you ever any questions for me, don't hesitate to ask., null, Because sometimes as a Photographer you want to show support for your client....in this case, I asked if my Senior's boyfriend wanted a photo taken with him.  His answer was an enthusiastic YES., When you are a photographer there are phrases you can say without it looking just weird:  when working with a couple "kiss for me and just freeze like that, oh yes, just like that...perfect", or when working with a family as soon as you have gotten a great pose "everybody stay....staayyy", or when working with a high school senior "ok, lean up against that tree, work the tree", You know what's fun to think about?  (yes, bragging)....I have done head shots for two Boston Stand up Comedians and two authors.  One is an author of a children's book and the other a spiritual guidance book., Let's all get to her 1,000 and beyond!, Just an FYI, if you ever see a photo that I have taken and love it, you can SHARE it as long as you tag my page.  Sharing is a form of flattery, and trust me, us photographers love that!, Time to hear from my likers.  How did you come across my page?, 1 more PFC shoot in October (maybe 2) and 7 in November!, 45 more likes to hit 1,800!, null, null, Photographers, want to help raise money for St Judes?  If so, please review the attached link!  Prop vendors, want to DONATE anything for me to use in my shoots?  Can't wait to hear from you., St Judes Grand Total Update:  $24,158.  Next goal $25,000.....then I can get a plaque in the Patrons section of the hospital.  IT DOESN'T GET BETTER BABY!!!, Don't forget, there is a 'recommendation' section on my business page now, so if I did a shoot for you and you were pleased, please leave some feedback!  The section is on the right hand side towards the top., ANNOUNCEMENT....an UPDATE to a previous post:  After my shoot on December 1st, I will NOT be doing any Photos for Cures Photography shoots until March.  I want to learn more about Photography, so will look into taking a class!  Luckily, I have nothing lined up until June after 12/1/12.  This is very important to me to continue the learning process and work on skills.  THANKS ALL!, Morning networking on Bluebird Pictures, Ashley is awesome!  Her work is very natural/real......head over to her page to like it!!, null, Have a fantastic Monday everyone!!!, null, Have a great day of shooting/editing my fellow photographers!!, Good night!  Two more PFC shoots tomorrow and then that's it until next weekend.  :), null, After today's 2 donations, PFC Photography has a new total of $10,592!  Just think, two more shoots tomorrow!!, Eating a late lunch and starting the editing process.  Both shoots were just great and helped me to raise $130.00 for St Judes., Things I learned yesterday when it comes to promoting the work I do.  1.  When leaving my page on a photographers page, do NOT include the fact that I don't profit 2.  Email photographers only to inquire if they would ever be interested in joining to fund raise for St Judes 3.  Limit my shameless plugs since most might see it as bragging.  I have learned the error in my ways and am ready to move past it!  I have TWO shoots today and TWO shoots tomorrow and am ready to create some memories!!, I got my boyfriend and I tickets for this!!  Can't wait.  I love them!, I did it!  Caught up on my website.  Newest sessions are up and those that were older are now off the website., What is your favorite snack while editing photos or updating your website or facebook?, null, I have high hopes for actually updating my website tonight with some of my newer work!, So here's the thing, if I leave my business page on your business page, I am just networking, if I leave more information like how clients don't pay me, they write a check to St Judes, it's not to BRAG or anything, it's to put feelers out there to see if other photographers might want to join.  That's it.  Not trying to steal business/customers/likers.  That's really it.  I know not everyone will like me or value me and that's life., null, null, Check it out!  The photos that I took at the St Jude Trucker Challenge!!  Love seeing them up and my name being listed., What I love about fund raising for St Judes is that MOST people have heard of it.  They feel comfortable writing a check to them and know the money is truly going to a great place.  St Judes is a non profit, remember, so they depend on donations to stay open and treat these really sick kids., null, Who has photo sessions this weekend and what are they?  I have an engagement session followed by a family session tomorrow and then on Sunday a hs sr session followed by a family session!, Night all!, Every now and then if I post 'too much' about childhood cancer awareness, or share CCA posts from other pages....I lose likers.  That is an issue for me, because that's turning away from the problem!!!  Stop acting like this does not exist!  We need to be aware and share and need to work together if we ever want to see this beast gone.  So please.......UNLIKE my page NOW if you are not in this WITH ME., I am having a very tough time knowing that kids are still not only getting diagnosed with childhood cancers, but also dying from them. What on Earth is going to change this? More funding? More research? More awareness? I think all three.....but, SOMETHING really needs to change., How often do you leave compliments on peoples pictures here on business pages?  Remember it's not a 'liking' contest as far as how many likes can you get to your page, but more a place where we share our work to get feedback/compliments...., I can not tell a lie, I LOVE when people give me/my page shout outs on FB.  Warms my heart., null, SHARES ENCOURAGED., I am happy to say that a few other photographers have spoken up about donating a sessions fees a month!!  This makes me very happy and will make St Judes VERY, VERY happy., Good night friends!, SHARE, SHARE, SHARE.  But, only serious inquiries only.  I want Photos for Cures to take off across the states!  Even just one $50.00 donation to St Judes a month is enough to help me out!  If 10 photographers get on board and commit to this with me, that's $500.00 a month for St Judes, not including what I already raise for them!, Another GREAT page to like!  Let's get her higher than 61 likes!!!, I saw him perform live at a st jude event in july of 2011.  :(  CRYING., Kids NEED to stop dying from cancer.  This is just not fair.  Donate whenever you can to kids cancer research hospitals.......teach your kids the importance of staying educated.....who knows maybe YOUR kid will grow up to study pediatric cancers and find a cure once and for all., 
:(, Shares always welcome., PROP VENDORS ONLY THIS TIME:  Leave your pages below.  NO photographers.  Time to show the vendors some love!, 1,699 likes.....unless someone reads this and plays unfair.....I only need one more like to hit 1,700!!, This is my plaque in the hospital!  As soon as I hit $10,000 raised for the hospital, I was able to get it.  Now I am at $27,463., Well, I guess I should stop calling myself a Professional Photographer, despite having done over 100 photo shoots.  I am a St Judes Fund Raiser and DARN good one at that., Am I the last to know this existed?  Why don't we all stop cyber bullying!, Wow, have you ever noticed just how judgmental we are as photographers?  Myself included......but really, we are all in this together.  Stop trashing peoples work just because you might think you are 'better' then them.  The bottom line is make it known to  your clients what type of photographer you are......what is your editing like?  Will you erase all blemishes from a teens face....or remove all nearby power lines/poles?  TELL your client what they can expect BEFORE they hire you......if they want something different, they can/will hire someone else.  That is ok too!  HONESTY is key in this business., null, $25,000.00-$49,999.00-Patrons Plaque in St Judes......that's my next goal for fund raising.  I just have to raise another $1,000 to get a SECOND plaque in the hospital.  Right now I have one in the Supporters wing of the hospital., null, Dear Mother Nature, please, please keep rain from entering the day on Saturday.  I have 2 shoots....a kid session and an engagement session.  Or, at least make the rain hold off until after noon., Only 20 more likes to get to 1,700!!!, null, null, Networking with no rules!  Have a page?  Leave it below!, I am way behind on updating my website with my new sessions, now that I have this great FB page.  Any other photog's in the same boat?, null, Most people create bucket lists when they are older.....things they want to do or see.....well, this 6 year old has created one because she fears that death might be in her future now that she is battling her cancer for the second time.  Show this page some love!, ST JUDES FUND RAISING UPDATE:  This number includes ALL fund raising for St Judes.  Not just Photos for Cures Photography.  My contact just told me they have $23,808 on file to date., null, So, I am not a Religious person by any means.  I have my own beliefs of course, but running Photos for Cures Photography in the manner that I do is indeed a Spiritual Gift.  I embrace it and never, ever question it.  Many don't quite understand why I don't at least make some money from my sessions.  My response is always 'Until Childhood Cancer is a thing of the past, I will NOT profit from my work'.  It's really that simple., Shares always welcome, null, Good morning!, null, NETWORKING TIME:
Rules:
1.  Leave your page below (photography or prop vendors only)
2.  Leave your city/state
3.  Leave what your specialty is
4. SHARE THIS POST!, null, Photog's, what do you have for rain protection for your camera?, Because sometimes dogs want to be part of a cake smash., null, SHARES WELCOME!!, There a few ways you can give to St Judes in the way that I do.
1.  Donate proceeds from one shoot a month
2.  Donate a percentage of every shoot you do each month
3.  Donate a lump sum every few months
4.  Donate once a year (as much as you can afford).

Regardless, I would ask that you really and truly consider joining me in this special and NECESSARY mission to help save lives of the kids of St Judes., null, null, As a business page owner, we all have to remember, that fans/likers are going to come and go.  The ones who really understand that my mission goes beyond my photography will surely stick around to be part of.  Those that expect just photos to be shared from my shoots will learn a thing or two about childhood cancer awareness/st judes.  To those that stick around and spread the word, THANK YOU.  Good night!, Photos for Cures Photography has a new total raised since launching this 'adventure'.  $10,362 for St Judes., Other than my December 1st PFC shoot, I will not be shooting in December or January.  With me moving into a new apartment with my man in January, I think my life with be hectic enough!  Will resume PFC shoots in February.  Thanks for understanding folks!!, Watermarking my fav's from todays family session!, Photography humor, Good morning shooters and likers......have a great day today!, Good night Likers!  Sleep well.....hey photog's, don't edit the night away, take a break and get some rest!, Who has photo shoots this weekend?  If you do, what are they?  For me, I have a family session tomorrow....and then on Sunday, an engagement session!, null, Bella the Brave......, OK, let's do a fun ladder!
Rules (not many, relax)
1.  Must be a photographer or prop vendor (knits/head bands...etc)
2.  You MUST not only leave your page below, but tell me WHY you have clicked the like button on my page and how you found me?
3.  Have fun by liking other peoples pages!
READY, SET GOOOOOOO!!!, Sugar Petunia Photography for the WIN!!!  Great photo and amazing costume!, Heartbreaking to lose a fellow photographer., We all really don't know what tomorrow will bring in regards to our health or the health of those around us.  LIVE YOUR LIFE TO THE FULLEST.....Say I LOVE YOU as often as you can and MEAN IT.  Make people LAUGH.  BE NICE......BE KIND.....BE SINCERE......GIVE back to the COMMUNITY......LIVE your LIFE so that others are IN AWE of you., Doesn't get much cuter!  
, I just bought this awesome shirt!!!!, Head over to Photography By Allie for networking!, Ok, those that can read this.....leave your CITY/STATE below.  No pages.....just city/state.....and even country as the case may be, null, null, I am so honored that I broke 1,600 likes on this page!!!  Chances are, only 300 or so 'lucky ones' will actually see this post.  If you see it, LIKE the POST......it will most likely keep you seeing my posts in your feed. Good night!!!, PLEASE consider signing up and walking. It's November 17th EVERYWHERE. Those who live near Natick, MA.....it will be inside the mall.....before they open. PLEASE lives depend on donations.....(post made public in case you want to share), Shameless Plug Time, null, I have 1,577 likes on this page which is great, but at an average, only 544 people can actually see my posts. It's just not right that Facebook is doing this.  The MORE people who see my page gives a better chance for people to be more aware of childhood cancer, PLUS, more people will learn about St Judes., I am now connected to MANY wonderful and talented photographers on Facebook!!!  It's awesome!, It's that time again Photographers.  Leave your pages below and network to your hearts content.  Those who share my page will earn brownie points.  :), Stunning photo from Bloom & Grow Photography, JUST GOT THIS EMAIL:  "JUST GOT THIS EMAIL: "Hi Kim- I hope all is well. I am going to set up a call with our development team to get some updates from you on Photos for Cures. Do you have some time next week?"
Thank you,
Chris Carkeet
Sr. Liaison | Brand & Marketing Strategy
ALSAC/St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, Can't you all see why I fight so hard for these kids?  , Can't hire me for photos because you live too far away?  You can still help my own personal fund raising efforts with St Judes by donating directly on line!!  Just follow the link., null, 50 more likes to hit 1,600!, It's Bella!!!, 14 remaining photo shoots lined up....most in October/November, 1 in December and 1 in June., null, When you think of my photography/page what 3 words come to mind?, I have decided to stop participating in tagging parties here on FB with my business page.  Why? Well, I want people to really like my page and see what I offer and learn about my important mission to raise funds for St Judes.  Having a business page is not a popularity contest., Someone must know someone who knows someone who can get me a call with Ellen DeGeneres......, Have YOU signed up yet?  It's not too late., When you have a business page where you combine your love for Photography with your love for raising awareness/funds for St Judes, well, some people just can't deal with that and in turn, will  unlike your page when it becomes 'too much'.  Do you think parents with kids who have had or have cancer can just 'unlike' the situation when it becomes 'too much'?  NO, THEY CAN'T., null, Good morning!!  Have you told your Facebook network about my page yet?  Not sure what makes me stand out yet?  Sure, I might take nice photos, but remember, I always pocket nothing.  When you hire me, you are not only getting a fun experience and good photos, but you as the client are making a donation to St Judes, one of the BEST childhood cancer research hospitals in the world.  PHOTOGRAPHERS always wanted to help join my mission., Great networking tonight folks.  Off to bed., null, Photographers.....who wants to network?  Who wants to network with NO RULES?  Yah, thought so........leave your pages below., Not sure if you can see the album in your feed, but I just added a super fun engagement session!, Hey all!  The 5K went great!  I ran the fastest I ever run (including training runs) and came in at 33 minutes and 21 seconds.  My boyfriend came in at an impressive 26 minutes and two seconds!!, null, I have no shoots today because I am running my 2nd 5K!  This one with my boyfriend!  Have a great Sunday!, Teaser Shot!, I had a blast on my two shoots this morning!!! Thanks to the donations, Photos for Cures Photography has a new total of $10,262 raised for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital!, Sharing yet another great photo from CT Photographer - MW Photography, go visit the page and give it a like!, Good night all!, Sharing a great photo from Sweetest Dreams Photography, Both shoots re-confirmed......an exciting engagement session first and then right after a Senior session.....at a great spot in Worcester, MA......with water, bridges, trees and a play area...., Always have to share Bella pix!!!  Kicking cancers butt!!, Love this capture!!  Great detail on the wings.  Nice one Lisa Jane Photography, Sexy yet classy.....great shot Semanko Studio, Children+Horses=SOLD......Love this Ph Photography, This is just lovely!!!  Nice one Angel.Kisses.Photography, Come on now.....cuteness overload....great shot Stikx & Stonz Photography and Designs, As a 2 cat owner.....I am blown away by this great shot by Paws & Tails Pet Photography!!!  , OK, photographers....since I know some are also in front of their computers on this Friday evening, let's get crazy.....or cray cray as the teens are calling it and peruse each others work.....how?  Well, the first TEN photographers to leave their pages below will get me perusing their albums to find my FAVORITE shot and then sharing it on my business page.  Ready?  Set?  GOOOOOO, null, Swoon!!, I wish I had a budget for props!!!  But, since I don't profit from my photography, I have ZERO dollars for props.  :(, SHARE OFTEN please.  If you know any photographers who can afford to donate a portion of each shoot, or just one shoot a month, please send them my way.  Trust me when I say clients LOVE TO GIVE TO ST JUDES.  :), null, Be sure to like this gals photography page!!!, Amazing photo!, I urge my fellow photographers to peruse our fellow photographers pages.....we are all not on FB as a contest to get the most likes.....we are putting up our work to show the world and get the worlds feedback.  If you don't like a photo, well, no need to leave a critical comment, but if you LOVE a photo, then like it or rave about it.....or even share it!  I enjoy looking at others work and often time do hit the like button.....sometimes too much!  :), Who's ready to rock the day??  This gal is!  Work today and 2 photo shoots tomorrow!, Good night and Happy Friday eve!, Thankfully, the rain will hold off until later on Saturday, so my two late morning shoots will still be on!  I have an engagement shoot and a high school sr session., null, This was great!, My Bucket List of shoots I want to do:  Trash the Dress session, Twin or Triplet newborn session, Cake Smash session with a 1 year old, a Down Syndrome baby/kid/teen/adult session, a session with a childhood cancer survivor., EIGHT LIKES AWAY FROM 1,500!!!, null, null, I have 17 photo shoots scheduled between now and December 1st.  Well, there is one in June, but still.  So, if each client donates the minimum of $50.00 per hour that I charge, that's $850.00 raised for St Judes.  :) :) :), 1,461 likes......Welcome everyone! Thank you all for being part of my special journey to spread awareness for St Judes and childhood cancer.  Don't worry, I will also be posting photos from my sessions.  Sit back, and enjoy the Charitable Ride., Networking at Bluebird Pictures, SHARES WELCOME!, Good morning sweet 'likers'!  Have a great Thursday!, null, Networking!
, Love this!  Fortuna Photography.....so cute!, What a handsome boy on his first day of first grade.  Quite the capture Charis-Anne Jette Photography, Super cute photo from Nadia Appel Photography!  , Photographers:  The first 5 to leave their pages below will get me snooping around their pages and I will then share my favorite photo on my page.  Feel free to copy this post to put on your own pages!  Have fun!, I want to introduce Susan Perez from San Diego. She was hoping to hire me for photos to help Photos for Cures/St Judes, but realized I am near Boston. Any San Diego photographers who would be willing to help her with photos AND, do it as a St Judes donation???? SPEAK Up., Misty Dawn Shields talking on LIVE RADIO last Saturday to discuss her sons cancer and how St Judes is amazing. Also, Tony Stoddard talking about his late son Cole. Plus, yes, you can hear me from time to time as well! Have a listen!, SHARES WELCOME!, I love St Judes!, TWO MORE LIKES TO HIT 1,400!!!!!!!, null, This is all it takes photographers!!!!!!!!!  Just making a decision to help me raise money for st judes and then sticking with it!, When a photographer tells me that they want to donate portions of their shoots to St Judes by sending me the check so it can help my fund raising total with the hospital (I send the check in with st judes paperwork), I get moved......this is very emotional for me.  I work VERY HARD to promote what I founded back on 5/24/10 and for others to want to be involved is A DREAM COME TRUE., 20 more likes now!  1,400 is really close., 25 away from 1,400 likes!!!!!!!!!, null, null, SHARE THIS LINK with fellow photographers!, If you are a photographer and are interested in helping me raise funds for St Judes, please let me know.  It's very, very easy and your clients will LOVE IT.  Trust me.  I have done over 100 photo shoots since I launched this and each one LOVED writing their check to St Judes instead of me.  Let me know!!, null, I have an engagement shoot on Saturday and I have many creative ideas!!!  The couple seems fun and very much in love.  We will have a blast., null, null, NETWORKING TIME!  Photographers ONLY:  leave your page below (tag it from your laptop/computer)...no rules.....just good/clean networking fun.  Remember though, when you share my page, you are showing your support for my mission to help st judes., Welcome to my newest likers!!  I guarantee you, you are in for a fun ride.  My photography journey means the world to me.  Every client I have writes their check to St Judes.....which means.....St Judes becomes that much 'richer'.  The more $$ they get, the closer to cures we become.  It may shock some of you, but I don't even have kids, yet have such a strong pull to keep running my Non Profit in this manner. So, again, happy to have you!, PLEASE like this page.  I met this wonderful Father at the Jordan Rich Radio Show.....he lost his 5 year old son to Neuroblastoma about 9 months ago.  :(  He is as fed up as I am about there never being any real gold anywhere in september and that people still look the other way when it comes to childhood cancer.  , Only 60 more likes to hit 1,400!!!, Bella who is battling cancer (not her first time) decided to collect band aids to then donate to their local childrens hospital!  Go Bella!, Just trying to figure out just how visible my posts have become.  So, if you can see this post, please click the like button., Attention photographers:  when it comes to photo shop or editing.....I truly feel that LESS is MORE., I want to recognize that it is indeed the first day of Breast Cancer Awareness Month.  To all of the women who fought and won (like my Mom and my bf's Mom), to the women who are battling against it now and of course those women who passed away from it, this post is for you!!!, null, Night all!  Pleasant dreams to all., Did you know that the average cost for st judes to treat acute lymphoblastic leukemia (cancer of the blood) is roughly $546,229.  Did you also realize that the patient/their family pays ZERO DOLLARS towards that?  Ask me again why I support St Judes?, Well, hello my fine FB fans!! What was the best thing about your weekend.....and yes, only ONE thing., Today is the last day of Childhood Cancer Awareness Month......but fear not, a true advocate like me, will spread awareness 365 days a year., More networking!, null, Wait until you all see the photos of 2 month old Baby Luna that I took last night!!  They were uploaded and edited and I have chosen my fav's to watermark and post on line.  Stay tuned.  :), I am photographing a baby after work!!  I love working with babies.  I believe she is under 3 months old., null, SHARES WELCOME AND ENCOURAGED, Almost at 1,300 likes!  Help me get there by sharing my page.  The effort it takes to share my page and write one sentence about it is pretty minimal!  Here is a sample sentence you can write:  "Hey friends, you all MUST like this page!  This Boston Photographer donates 100% to St Judes!  Really!  She never profits from her work", Bella ready to head to school!!!  She has been feeling well!, A photographers frustration is: When you have an outdoor shoot planned and the weather looks lousy a few days before the shoot, so you proactively reschedule, but then a day before, it changes a bit, to where the shoot may have been ok outside., NETWORKING TIME:  If you are a PHOTOGRAPHER, please tag your page (sorry, no mobile device tags...unless it works) below and list your city/state!!  Ready?  Go.  Please share this post to get other photographers over to my page!, Networking on the page of Promote My Business, If you have NOT seen this amazing video, please watch. So many people helped to create it, including a quick bit by the one and only Ellen DeGeneres!, I promise you this, I will never selectively color a photograph that I take when editing.  I just think that takes what could be a nice photo and it then adds a 'cheesy effect'.  Just my opinion though., SHARES WELCOME AND ENCOURAGED!, Good morning likers/fans of Photos for Cures Photography!  Have a great Thursday., Photographers, at this point, quite a few have shown interest in making donations to ST Judes from time to time the way that I do.  Until I actually get notified that you DID a shoot and had the client write the check to St Judes instead of you, and that you are ready to mail me the check, I won't get my hopes up too much.  I am very PASSIONATE about my cause and would LOVE people to really give it 100% like I do when you are able to., SHARES WELCOME, Sweet Avalanna passed away from her battle with cancer.  If you watched the Stand Up To Cancer special a couple weeks ago, you would have seen her story., null, Get to know your photographer time.....you can ask me ONE question about anything and I will answer it (keep it clean!), OK, so Marlo Thomas (daughter of the founder of St Judes), got Ellen DeGeneres to do a small part in the new St Jude video (shared below).  That gives me a small glimmer of hope that if I can get Marlo's attention (she has tweeted for me in the past) maybe she can talk to Ellen about having me on the show to talk about Photos for Cures.  Just a thought.  I  have tried the conventional ways of contacting Ellen.  (her website/email/facebook/twitter)......she has toooooo many followers, so chances are, my efforts are not even seen., For my new Likers.....watch this news piece!  This was on Labor Day on live tv., I got my first recommendation!!  My friend/client left a nice note below. Remember folks, it's a 'recommendation'.......why should people hire me?  You don't have to have been a client to write one., :) :), This page now has a RECOMMENDATION section!  If you were a client or just love what I do, please leave a recommendation.  It's on the right hand side of the page towards the top!!, This little lady shows up for chemo with some style!! :), Don't forget, I will be on the Jordan Rich Show THIS Friday night (well, early Saturday morning)......I get to be there as a Co Host of sorts from 12-2 am.  I will be bringing Photos for Cures to the forefront again and we will be having Misty Dawn Shields call in during the second hour to talk about her son Brayden and his battle with cancer and also how she thinks I am helping St Judes with what I do!!  This show will be pod-casted for those that want to listen at a later date/time.  I had such a good time 2 years ago when he had me on!!, ATTENTION CLIENTS:  I will NOT be doing anymore photo shoots at the Grist Mill/Wayside Inn in Sudbury.  Why?  Well, legally, unless I want to pay $50.00 to the Inn for EACH shoot I do there, I am not allowed to legally do any photos there.  I am sick/sad/annoyed.  I let them know that I don't PROFIT from my photography and they don't seem to care.  CLIENTS, let's work together to find new spots that permission is not required., 10 more likes to hit 1,200!  Going to sleep 'likers'.  Keep up the great work out there spreading my message!, NETWORKING TIME:  Leave your page below (tag it, please, not from your mobile phone), the ONLY rule is to share my page and tell friends that I donate 100% from my shoots to St Judes.  THANKS and play fair., Would really love to see 1,200 likes before midnight!  Help me get there by sharing my page and my mission!  It's all for the kids of St Judes!, Getting close to 1,200 likes!  That's so great., null, If you are a photographer and have shown interest in helping me raise funds for St Judes, PLEASE keep me in the loop.  Tag me in posts, mention this page, that way I can keep track of who is really helping me and who just wants to help me.  The more photographers on board, the better.  Even just one shoot a month., Eat at Chilis tonight if you can!!!, null, Don’t forget, this Monday, September 24, Chili's Grill & Bar will donate 100% of the day's net profits to help the kids of St. Jude., Networking with Erin Phillips Photography, 1,150 was just hit as far as the likers on my page!  Maybe one day Ellen DeGeneres will hit the like button....., null, No shoots lined up this weekend, I will be running my first 5K on Sunday!, SHARES WELCOME AND ENCOURAGED., 1,145 likes on my page.  I am humbled.  Thank you all for being part of this special journey.  This will not be 'just your average' photography page.  I assure you., null, So on Saturday the 29th I will once again be on the Jordan Rich WBZ NewsRadio show to promote Photos for Cures! The show is at midnight, so we go to the station Friday night....he is not only allowing my guy to come and hang out/listen to it live, but also he is giving me the chance to have Misty Dawn Shields call in and talk about her son Brayden and his cancer and how she thinks I am helping St Judes!! This will be AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!, Ok, so here's the deal, I think if I am going to get the attention of Ellen DeGeneres, my FRIENDS AND CONNECTIONS will need to write to her on my behalf.  Here is your beginning:  "I have this great humanitarian friend who launched her own photography business to support St Jude Children's Research Hospital....(then you can write what you want)  Sound good?  Come on and FLOOD HER IN BOX!!, "Look around your neighborhood: 1 in 2 men will get cancer. Look around your office: 1 in 3 women. And if you can bear, it, look around your child's school. Cancer kills a child every four hours in this country" - Julia Roberts, :), Just had a GREAT talk with the reporter from the Boston Globe, I had talked to her back in 2010 when I first launched PFC.  She will DO HER BEST to run the article on 9/30/12.......why?  Well, it's the last day of childhood cancer awareness month and that would be a GREAT tie in to my story., Just a polite note to my fellow photographers and I mean NO disrespect.  When you are photoshopping your clients eyes to give them sparkle or make them stand out, if they begin to look like alien eyes or eyes that just don't look real anymore, then you may want to scale back the technique., SHARES WELCOME AND ENCOURAGED, I have clicked the like button on sooo many great photography pages!!!!!!!!!!!!  Very happy about that.  Wishful thinking that they ALL help st judes from time to time!, Hot off the presses:  The Boston Globe will be doing another story on me!  They did an article on me when I first launched PFC back in 2010.  Sweet!!, Caden would much rather be home for sure!  , Wow!  3 away from 1,100 likes!  Thanks new likers!!  If you are not a fan of people spreading awareness for st judes and childhood cancer AND seeing my photography, you can feel free to click the unlike button.  :)  For those that are staying for this special journey, I assure you, it will be worth your time., Silent Tagging with Photographers Connection, Drum roll please: My latest St Judes fund raising total including not only photos for cures but my 3 other fund raisers done in the past is now:  $23,333!!, I think I already posted this, but I am NOT booking anymore shoots until after the new year. My Fall is packed as it is currently, which of course is awesome!!, Bella receiving her chemo at home......doggie keeping her company.  , HAD TO MAKE JUST ONE MORE TODAY......it's all about perspective., SHARES WELCOME AND ENCOURAGED., OK, it's time to play 'Ask your photographer a question'.  You can ask me ONE question.....pertaining to photography, life, st judes....anything.  Obviously, keep it clean!, Stunning photo from Krysta Reed Photography!!  , This is adorable!!!  Nice capture Ph Photography, Speechless over this photo from Ashlee Renae Photography!!!!  , Sharing a great image from Pixel Pop Photography!  LOVE THIS CONCEPT!!!!!, Sharing a great photo from Ginna Michelle Photography!  Pretty girls!, Sharing a great photo from Brandie Penn Photography!!  What a cute couple and great posing!, Game time photographers!  The first TEN photographers to leave their page below, will get me snooping on their page and looking for my favorite photo!  The ONLY catch is, you HAVE to do the same for me, by sharing my page and your favorite photo., Another thing to learn about me/my photography.  I am NOT a fan of photo shop.  I stick with light edits and choose to keep the photos looking more 'real'.  I also like to get my clients their photos electronically within 24 hours of the shoot., Just a note to my newest likers:  This page is NOT just my photography, but a mixture of my work and spreading awareness for both St Judes and childhood cancer awareness.....all year long, not just September, which we know is CCA month.  I chose St Judes to donate to because I love their mission statement.  They are a non profit and NEVER charge patients' families if they can not afford treatment.  What that means is, they depend on donations to run and be able to do amazing research and treat some pretty amazing children.  So, do I ever want to profit from my work?  NO.  NEVER.  :), null, null, Welcome new likers!  If YOU are a photographer, please leave your page below!  Also, if YOU can see yourself donating to St Judes from time to time by having your clients write their check to St Judes instead of you, PLEASE SPEAK UP.  Joining my important mission is very, very easy., null, SHARES WELCOME AND ENCOURAGED, 9 more to hit 1,000!  I am not sure why I find this so exciting, but I do!, Good morning 'likers'!  Have a great day!, 10 away from 1,000....but must go to sleep!, 1,000 likes is my goal before midnight!!  I know I can do it if you all share my page and let people know WHY they should like my page.  Just a simple share, most ignore., Inspiring others is a part of being human., I am only 31 likes away from 1,000!, Attention photographers:  If you have shown interest in helping me raise funds for St Judes by offering up at least one session a month, PLEASE keep me in the loop of when your shoots are scheduled and when you plan on mailing me the donations.  THANKS!, SHARES WELCOME AND ENCOURAGED., Good morning to my 'likers' and fellow photographers.  Let's make this a great day, shall we?, 959 likes!  So close to 1,000.  Please tell friends about my mission here.  The support means so much to me!  Also, photographers from all over are welcome to help me raise funds for St Judes!  Just on session a month is all I am looking for!  I know not everyone can do what I do., Creating memories for clients via my photography is an amazing feeling....creating memories for clients via my photography while allowing them to make a charitable donation to St Judes.....well, it just doesn't get much better than that., THIS JUST IN: With the help of some AMAZING CLIENTS and a few AMAZING other photographers, Photos for Cures has reached $10,112 since it's launch date on 5/24/10!!!! I am proud, happy and moved., Not one but two photos for cures shoots tomorrow!  A hs sr session and a mother and her 2 year old!!  Weather looks great!, Teaser shot!!  This beautiful little girl (age 7) was adopted....paperwork finalized TODAY!!  Wait until you see the rest!!!, Watermarking some photos, then uploading them!!  Be on the look out!, null, $250.00 raised on line for St Judes......remember, St Judes is a non profit!  It costs over a million dollars A DAY to stay open and help kids get better!!!  If you can, reach into your wallet and make a donation.....$10.00, $15.00, $25.00......whatever you can do.  It really does make a difference.  THANK YOU., I will never prevent a child from getting a cancer diagnosis, but what I CAN do is donate to a fantastic childrens research hospital known as St Judes.  I plan on donating 100% from my photo shoots until childhood cancer cure rates are all in the high 90's., null, null, Here is Trevor in his St Judes commercial with Robin Williams!!, Ok, photographers, imagine deciding to take one photo shoot's profits a month and having your client write their check to St Judes, instead of you......imagine how good not only you will feel, but your client will feel?  Well, if you want those good karma feelings, then JOIN Photos for Cures!!  St Judes loves that I created this from the ground up to benefit the kids!!  Launched on 5/24/10, and almost $10,000 raised.  Open this link and read more of the details!, null, null, I am pretty sure I have a lot of new photographers on this page!  If that's the case, please leave your page below so others can see them and like them.  (mini ladder event....no rules though)  Also, if you can ever see yourself donating to St Judes from your profits....please let me know!  I donate 100% to the hospital....100% of the time., 500 Likes by the end of the day?  Share my page and spread the word!, null, null, null, null, I got my questions for Mondays Fox25 news interview!

- HOW DID YOU GET THE IDEA TO DO THIS? 
- HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN DOING THIS? 
- HOW MUCH MONEY HAVE YOU RAISED? 
- HOW CAN PEOPLE FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION?, This just in: I am NOT taking anymore Photos for Cures Photography shoots for the fall! I have filled my last slot. September has 4 shoots, October has 5 shoots and November has 6 shoots. I will be BUSY! I love it! Now, let's see if I can successfully balance also being a good girlfriend! :), null, PRAYER WARRIORS....GET THOSE PRAYERS GOING FOR GRACIE....she and her family really need them tonight.  Only 7 years old.....so unfair., Holy Wow.....15 PFC shoots lined up!!!! ONE DATE AVAILABLE: November 18th! Then no more until 2013!, IT HAPPENED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I GOT THE CALL FROM FOX 25!  I WILL BE ON MONDAY (LABOR DAY) AT 9:45 AM TO TALK ABOUT Photos for Cures Photography!!!  Set your DVR's now!!!  What a great way to kick off Childhood Cancer Awareness month!!!!!!!!!, null, null, High school Senior Photo shoot after work today!  This girl is stunning!  Can't wait., 24 new fans today!  Welcome!  Tons of new photographers as well!!  Let me know if you are interested in donating from your shoots to St Judes!!  It's so easy and the idea sells itself....trust me, clients love it!!, Hello to my new fans!  You will notice that this page will have to do a lot with St Judes AND my photography.  Why?  Well, my clients don't pay me for their shoots, instead, they write their checks to St Judes.  Close to $10,000 raised!  NEW PHOTOGRAPHERS always welcome to join my mission!!  It's very, very easy.  You advertise that you are doing a Photos for Cures shoot (referencing my page) and that the client will write their check to the charity......charging $50.00 an hour, more is always accepted.....then the photographer sends me the check to mail in with necessary St Jude paperwork.  Why send to me?  Well, since I founded Photos for Cures, St Judes has a file under my name.....so, these donations help my fund raising efforts., null, For those following Gracies's story!, null, I may or may not be getting a call from Fox 25 tomorrow to potentially be on the morning show...... :) Fingers crossed! If I do get the call, a big thank you will be owed to Nicole Jacobs Wfxt!! She is my hook up for Fox!, I now have 13 PFC shoots lined up!  That's just in Sept/Oct/Nov!, Thanks for all of the wonderful support on my article today! The support only drives me to do more for St Judes!, You know......if you are too far away to hire me, you can still donate to St Judes, by following the link below.  It also helps out my own personal fund raising efforts., My article in todays local paper!!, Who else plans on sending me stickers for the st jude kids? I plan on mailing them all mid September!!!, 342 likes on my photography page!  That makes me so happy.  The more people that see my page and like it, means the more people that can learn about what I founded and see how they can help.  PHOTOGRAPHERS especially, should reach out to me if they want to help St Judes while also enjoying doing what they do.  SHARE my page OFTEN.  :), There may always be photographers who are better than me....with editing, lining up the shot, using their camera.....but there is NO ONE that donates 100% to St Judes, ALL THE TIME, and for that, I will always be different and hopefully, stand out., null, I had a great time photographing a High School Senior today, a very lovely young woman.  With her Mom's donation to St Judes, my new Photos for Cures total is:  $9,702!  I will be editing/uploading her photos later on today., Doing a high school senior photo shoot not only benefits the senior, but also the family.....when that senior has moved on to go to college, the family will still have these memories that I have helped to create.  A win/win!, What a beautiful day for shooting photographs!  I have 2 high school sr photo shoots today!, Hey all!  My interview with the Metrowest Daily News went well!  They will be printing my column on Tuesday!  The reporter needs a photo of me, so I plan on using one from a recent shoot of myself.  Can you be so kind as to look through the photos below and suggest your favs?, Hey guys, don't forget, when you share my page, you are helping to bring attention to not only my service, but also to St Judes and Childhood Cancer Awareness!  You will be doing a good deed by hitting the share button and telling the world about my page!, Beautiful children able to live with such hope THANKS to St Judes!, Interview with the MetroWest Daily News at 12:00 TODAY. Looking forward to talking about my Charitable Hobby known as Photos for Cures Photography. Fingers crossed that it goes well and that it turns into a column which will go to print!, Hey fans!  I want to learn more about you!  Where are you from?  (City/State)......are you a photographer? Leave your comments below., null, The latest actor to follow photos for cures on twitter!, ATTENTION PHOTOGRAPHERS: Next month is Childhood Cancer Awareness month. Why not join Photos for Cures Photography for just ONE PHOTO SESSION to donate to St Judes? I am hoping for TEN photographers to step up and help out! You simply advertise to your future clients that you are doing a PFC shoot in that the client will write their check to St Judes instead of the photographer. The photographer then sends the check to me, so that I can send them in with necessary paperwork. SPREAD THE WORD (the post is made public for easy sharing!), $348 to hit $10,000 for St Judes via Photos for Cures Photography! That's it. I have two shoots on Saturday, which should generate a combination of $100.00 for the hospital. I can't wait to break that HUGE milestone., I am totally doing this when I get married!!, Have a wonderful day Fans!!, You know what bothers me? I still think there are people out there who think I am doing what I am doing for PFC for personal gain. To me, that's insulting. If that were true, wouldn't I be making money off of it? Well, I am not.....and don't plan on it. Instead, I am trying so hard to bring attention to a very important matter....childhood cancer. When others look the other way, I choose not to. I like to be involved in the community. Haters only MOTIVATE ME., null, I now have not one but two High School Sr Pix shoots on Saturday!  Same location as Ashleys' pix from last week!, "The entire St. Jude community mourns the loss of David McKee today. To honor his amazing legacy and decades of service to the kids of St. Jude, we have created memorial fund in his honor. Dave, longtime chief operating officer of ALSAC, the fundraising and awareness organization of St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital, passed away Friday. Please consider contributing to his memorial fund or signing our virtual guestbook.", 304 fans!  This is great!  Thanks for all of the likes and shares to my page.  Don't forget, if you know any photographers that you think would want to donate proceeds from shoots to St Judes, have them contact me!  It's so easy!  Their client would simply write the check to St Judes instead of them.  The photographer would then send ME the donation to send in with necessary paperwork.  In the end, it helps my fund raising efforts!, PFC Shoots Lined up:
August 25th (sophia sr pix)
September 2nd (Shakarian family)
September 8th (Moreira family pix)
September 16th (Roy...cake smash, 1st bday pix, family pix, head shots)
October 6th (sarah hope-dunnebier engagement)
October 13th (Duffy family pix)
October 14th (jackie engagement)
October 21st (Senecal-Marsh family pix)
November 10th (Carroll family pix)
November 17th (Shifrin xmas photos), Pretty excited that I was just able to add a 'high school senior photo' tab to my websites portfolio!!, Every time I get hired for a photo shoot it equates to more money raised for the kids of St Judes. It's really that simple. This, my friends is why it's CRUCIAL to share my page and urge people to LIKE my page, especially if they live near Boston!!, I have NINE photo shoots scheduled!  Booking into November now!, Just heard from the Metrowest Daily News about a possible column about Photos for Cures!!, Back to school shopping AND helping St Judes?  Check out the link below!, Media coverage update: 1. Boston Globe WILL do a follow up piece on PFC when I break $10,000 2. Jordan Rich from WBZ News Radio WILL do a follow up piece when I break $10,000 and 3. I may or may not be getting a phone call from FOX MORNING NEWS!!! Nicole Jacobs from Fox was nice enough to pass along my information and someone from the news team LIKED MY STORY. So, there you have it. Fingers crossed that this all does indeed pan out., Who will share my page here and help get me to 290 likes tonight?, null, 286 likes!  Love it.  The support means a lot to me!  My mission is so much more than photography!, REMAINING PFC shoot dates:  October 13, 20, November 3,4,10,11,17,18.  IF you want me to do your xmas card photos this year, it's best to hire me soon!  THANKS!  I don't mind traveling up to 45 minutes to help create these memories., null, null, I hope you all had a great weekend!!  My next Photos for Cures shoot is on September 2nd!  I might have one this Saturday, but it looks like the client might need to reschedule.  Thank you for all of your support on this page.  It will be a mixture of my photography and raising awareness for Childhood Cancer.  Oh and of course raising awareness and $$ for St Judes!!, null, Sweet Gracie is going home!  She is doing much better regarding pain from earlier.  I am hoping her bed helps the healing process., 1 more like to get to 270 likes!!!  I appreciate all of the support, I really do.  I am just one gal making a difference for St Judes!, null, Some may think I 'already do so much' for St Judes and spreading awareness for Childhood Cancer.....but, to that I say 'are the cure rates all at 100%)? The answer is no. It might not be yes for a long time, BUT, until that magical day happens, I will EAT, SLEEP, AND POOP raising awareness and funds for St Judes., Just lined up my 2nd High School Senior photo shoot!  Same awesome abandoned church as yesterdays shoot!, null, Remaining PFC shoot dates!  Book them FAST.  August 25th, September 15, October 13, November 3,4,10,11,17,18., 261 likes on my page.  I was hoping for 250 by 5 pm!  Thanks for the support!!, null, What a fantastic shoot I just had!  You will all get to see the photos in a couple hours.  :)  I am now only $348 away from breaking $10,000 raised for ST Judes!!!  That's only between 3 and 6 more shoots depending on if clients donate more at the time of their shoot., Those of you following sweet Bella's Cancer story, well, it's back.  :(, Can I get to 250 likes today?  Who will share my page?  Let's help photos for cures become more viral!, null, Do let me know if you want to send me stickers for the kids of St Judes.  I am sending a package to the hospital around 9-15-12.  The stickers go in a treasure box for the kids to pick from when they are going through treatments.  The stickers must be new (in packaging) and of course kid friendly!  If you are interested, please let me know!, null, I am doing a High school Senior photo shoot after work today!  I have been set up to do this gals photos for a few weeks now, but Mother Nature has not been cooperative!, Thanks for liking my page new fans!  It means a lot to me.  I assure you, I am not like any other photographer.  I never, ever pocket any money from my photo shoots.  EVER.  I take joy in having my clients write their checks out to St Judes instead.  Keep on sharing this page when you can.  :), Almost FORGOT. I want to send stickers to St Judes again! I will aim to send the package mid September (a month from now). September is CHILDHOOD CANCER AWARENESS MONTH......so, this can be YOUR way of making a difference. If you want to send me some stickers to include, please let me know and I can email you my address. Thanks!, null, 6 photos for cures shoots in the 'pipeline'!!, I know lots of families who have these seats!!!, I lined up THREE Photos for Cures shoots today!  A win for PFC and St Judes!, I would love to do an engagement shoot on a golf course.  That would be super pretty/fun!, Brilliant idea for a photo shoot!!!, null, As a photographer, I love being able to create memories for my clients!  Knowing that I can do that AND be able to donate to St Judes, well, there is nothing better.  I can not thank my clients/future clients enough for hiring me and being willing to make this tax deductible donation to St Judes instead of paying me!, What a great idea!, I wanted to let you know my available photo shoot dates: August 25th, September 1, 2, 15, 16, Oct 13, 21, Nov 3, 4, 10, 11, 17, 18. PLEASE SET UP YOUR XMAS CARD/FAMILY PHOTO SHOOTS SOON! I obviously can do several shoots in a day if the same location is used., Another cancer fighter to keep in your thoughts!, We all know photographers!  All I ask is to please tell them about what I do and maybe, just maybe they will want to be part of this! I don't ask for more than maybe 1 or 2 donations a month.  It's so easy to do!  If you know anyone interested, please have them contact me!, Love St Judes!, I have not one, but 4 media spots in the works to promote PFC! The catch is, two will want to wait until I am at $10,000!! I am $408 away from that. Now, more than ever, I want to be busy with PFC shoots!!, Hey everyone!  I hope you all had a great weekend.  I wanted to let you know my available photo shoot dates:  August 25th, September 1, 2, 15, 16, Oct 13, 21, Nov 3, 4, 10, 11, 17, 18.  PLEASE SET UP YOUR XMAS CARD/FAMILY PHOTO SHOOTS SOON!  I obviously can do several shoots in a day if the same location is used., So not a fan of when weather gets in the way of a photo shoot.  The Senior pix session is being postponed.  :(, Looking forward to my first of hopefully many Senior (high school) photo shoots tomorrow!, Do you know twins?  I would love to photograph twins, especially babies!  If they are local to Boston, please have them contact me!, My fingers and toes are crossed that Gracie had a good set of appts today!, She has such confidence!, I have emailed NECN, Chronicle and my contact at the Boston Globe in the hopes that in September, someone will want to give Photos for Cures a media spot to not only help me celebrate being close to $10,000 raised for St Judes, but also to draw awareness to the fact that it is Childhood Cancer Awareness Month.  If anyone/anywhere has reliable media contacts, please send them my way!, Thanks for all of the likes so far friends!  Please share my page from time to time to help me get more visibility!  Remember, I am not doing photography to make money, I am doing this to raise funds for St Judes!, Creating another fun 'favorites' album this evening!  This will be more family oriented., This little lady is amazing.  Truly inspirational and makes me want to help in the fight against childhood cancer that much more!!, null, I love photography and creating memories for my clients , I also love creating awareness and raising funds for St Judes.  Combining them seemed obvious.  Clients enjoy the feeling of being able to hire me AND donate to a great cause., Just $408 away from hitting $10,000 raised for St Judes.  This is mind blowing!, Stories like this are why I choose to donate to St Judes., null, I hope you all enjoyed the newest 'Kids-Favorites' album!  I will add a 'family-favorites' album tomorrow!  Don't forget to PLEASE spread the word about your friends/family liking my page!  I am at 143 currently and know in time, that number will climb!  I mean, who wouldn't want to support a photographer that makes NO MONEY from her photography and instead donates 100% to St Judes?, Photos for Cures received a donation from a photographer in Maryland who did a photo shoot and instead of collecting fees for herself, she turned it into a St Judes donation!!  The new total is $9,592!  $408 away from 10,000!, Don't forget, if you live too far away to hire me, you can always help out my on line fund raising total and donate via this St Judes link below!, I will be adding a couple new albums this evening!  Some fav's in the 'kids' and 'family sessions' category., Very interesting!, I am all confirmed to do a Senior Pictures photo shoot on Sunday!!, Fantastic!  I have my first Trash the Dress session in the works!, I can't wait to do my first cake smash session in the next couple months!, 45 minute call with the Sr. Liason of Brand & Marketing Strategy at St Judes. The call went GREAT. He LOVED the concept of Photos for Cures and at this point prior to having meetings with his team WANTS to make this a PROGRAM. He will set up a call with me for next week to discuss further. THIS HAS BEEN MY ULTIMATE GOAL SINCE THE BEGINNING!!!!!!!!!!!!, I entered Photos for Cures in the Boston A List BEST charity contest and it came in at the #2 spot.  It was a close race from start to finish, that's for sure!, Remember folks, newborns don't stay newborns forever.  Please consider hiring me for your newborn photo shoot!, null, This page is a work in progress! I will be adding tons of photos tonight! Thanks for your patience., This is my plaque in the hospital!  As soon as I hit $10,000 raised for the hospital, I was able to get it.  Now I am at $27,463., null)