List(Closed today due to a burst pipe. Sorry for the inconvenience., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, City Slicker Cafe Is hiring!                                                                                          Busy Somerville Restaurant now hiring full/Part time cashiers/counter servers.
Days and nights shifts available weekends a must.
Dependability is the #1 ability 
Must be able to work independently multitask and think quick on your feet.
Previous food service or retail experience preferred but will train enthusiastic candidates.
A great attitude and desire to work is a must.
Fun fast paced environment where team work is emphasized.

Forward resume to Cityslickercafe@verizon.net or Apply in person @ City Slicker Cafe 588 Somerville ave Somerville Ma 02143, It's wining time! How bout some click love? voting ends July 25th!, Voting is now open for The Somerville Scout's Honored Readers poll. We are nominated in the Best Take Out category, we would be honored with your vote if you deem us worthy. One vote per email, per day so you can vote more than once if you wish.
Let's make it three in a row! 
http://scoutsomerville.com/vote, We have been nominated in the Best take out category of the Scout magazine readers poll once again! We are honored to be nominated again. thank you!, It's  a grind..., We were here. The customer were not. So now we are not. Be back tuesday!, Unlike the T we are open and doing business as usual, albeit a little slower., As most of you are aware, the driving conditions are terrible, therefore making deliveries difficult.
But we are trudging through and your patience is appreciated., Holiday hours!, Happy Halloween from City Slicker Cafe!, Who's your daddy?, Thank you!, Ready for the scouts honored awards ceremony. ., Just wanted to thank everyone who voted for us in the Somerville Scout Magazine Scouts Honored Reader poll. We won in the best take out category for the second year in a row! 
Thank you to all our customers. It is a privilege to serve such a vibrant community!, Freddy is ready to make a great pizza ! What you waiting for., Time is running out! voting ends July 31st.
vote for us in the best take out category Scout Somerville.com hit the scouts honored icon. by the way you can vote once a day until july 31st., Power outage! Nstar is sorry for the inconvenience., We have been nominated for best takeout again (thank you!)if you deem us worthy, please vote for us @scoutsomerville.com  click the scouts honored icon., Back up and running!  You can still use cash and the phone...just sayin., Verizon has an internet outage in our area and unfortunately that eliminates web ordering and credit card processing.
 So we are declaring throwback Friday, and are still accepting orders Via telephone and accepting cash! you remember that stuff it's green....thank you Verizon..., null, null, Phone not working ....order @ cityslickercafe.com, HONEY SRIRACHA GLAZED WINGS $9.95
10 Jumbo wings fried crispy and glazed with a honey sriracha
 sauce and topped with chopped peanuts and scallion.

BEEF TINGA TORTA $8.50
Shredded Beef simmered in a tomato chile sauce piled on a rustic
roll with a base of pinto been puree topped with avocado,pickled
onion, Oaxaca cheese, shredded lettuce and jalapeno mayo.

 NOT YO MOMMAS SHAKE AND BAKE PORK CHOP $13.50
 Buttermilk marinated pork chop coated in ranch flavored crumbs
 baked crispy and served with bourbon and pork belly baked beans
 topped with brussel sprout and green apple salad., March specials available now!

 HONEY SRIRACHA GLAZED WINGS $9.95
 10 Jumbo wings fried crispy and glazed with a honey sriracha
 sauce and topped with chopped peanuts and scallion.

BEEF TINGA TORTA $8.50
Shredded Beef simmered in a tomato chile sauce piled on a rustic roll with a base of pinto been puree topped with avocado,pickled onion, Oaxaca cheese, shredded lettuce and jalapeno mayo.

 NOT YO MOMMAS SHAKE AND BAKE PORK CHOP $13.50
Buttermilk marinated pork chop coated in ranch flavored crumbs baked crispy and served with bourbon and pork belly baked beans topped with brussel sprout and green apple salad., True story..., March Specials!, Due to the impending wrath we will be closing early today .
last call 4pm., We are open and delivering as usual. ..:), We are open and delivering...the internet is down so we cant process credit cards ...cash only sorry! You can order online at foodler.com with your credit card, looking for a web designer, anybody know a reliable, honest professional let us know., Closed...open Friday 11am., .  Open and delivering... for now!, We are closed New Years Eve and New Years day.
We will reopen 11 am 1/2/14

Happy New Year!, Yes we are delivering !...it's what we do.., Public service message brought to you by City Slicker cafe :), What do you think of this design?, City Slicker Cafe will be closed tonight due to equipment failure.
Sorry for the inconvenience., Thanks again!, Baked stuffed Cape Cod Quahog(hard shell clam) now available on the fall specials menu!, Pork bahn mi  $8 .75 now available on the fall specials menu..., Time well spent., City Slicker cafe is closed today....because sometimes you just need a frickin break! Sorry for the inconvienance. We will reopen Wednesday 11 am, Grampa workin the oven back in the day...Great man., Looks like we have won for best takeout in the Somerville Scout , "scouts honor" reader survey. Just wanted to thank everyone who voted for us and who continue to vote by keeping us busy cooking for you...

Rich & Staff, 2 days of voting left, Push us over the top!, Looks like we have been nominated for best takeout in somerville if you get a chance give us a vote...thanks!
 City Slicker Cafe Team

http://scoutsomerville.com/vote , My wonderful Grandfather Lloyd Eldridge making his legendary pizza...I am proud to continue the legacy, Although the ban has been lifted and T running at this point logistically it would be impossible to open...Sorry for the inconvenience see you tomorrow., Laying low until further notice ....keep our people
 safe...hopefully open at some point today sorry for the inconvienance.., Unfortunately we are experiencing phone line issues and will be down to one call-in line tonight, if you get a busy signal please keep trying. you can order online @cityslickercafe.com thanks for understanding., working on a new app for the upcoming specials! 
Potato and Onion Pierogi topped with savoy cabbage, toasted caraway, granny smith apple slaw with crispy kielbasa and sour cream.... how does that sound?, Deliveries are taking a bit longer , with the snow build up and
 traffic...thanks for your understanding., We are open!, Closed today.....open Sunday Hopefully., Due to the impending storm we will be closed Friday2/8 reopening
 sometime Saturday., You Better place your order before it's over :), null, New Message, We are Hiring!

cooks-
 All levels some experience preferred.
must be available nights and weekends 
dependability, cleanliness and  strong work ethic a must.

Counter staff-
part time and full time, flexible schedule, nights and week ends a must.
positive attitude, great customer skills, ability to multitask and dependability are the attributes desired.

Delivery Driver 
Full and part time, nights and weekend 
Reliable car, Mass license, GPS and cell phone required.
knowledge of Somerville, Cambridge and Medford are a plus.

forward resume or apply in person @
City Slicker Cafe 
588 Somerville Ave Somerville Ma 02143

No phone calls please!, Bistro salad with  seared wild salmon . Doesn't get much healthier than that., null, Pork chop adobo....mofo!, Umami Burger.....ooomami ;), Pot roast sandwich., Fwd: You should try our new Pot roast sandwich, slow braised chuck
 roast topped with pan gravy, crispy match stix potato's  and horseradish
 mayo., Pot roast ready for slow a braise., Fresh mozzarella stuffed fried ravioli topped with basil pesto
 served with marinara, Eggplant puttanesca, New menu coming out this week!
Some of the new additions.
Fried fresh mozzarella ravioli 
Mexican Chorizo &Potato empanada.
Chili Slaw Dog
Barbecued Pulled pork & Jalapeno slaw sandwich
Eggplant Puttanesca
Umami Burger
Pork chop adobo

Can't Get that at Papa Johns!, null, Highly recommended for my chef friends and anybody interested in true dedication to craft., null, Coming along, Renovations coming along should be open tuesdsy 11 am, JM Curley's  maple bacon, smoked paprika popcorn...outrageous!, City Slicker Cafe will be closed for paint, polish and a menu tweak from August 21st with a tentative reopen Fri 24th.  We'll keep you posted., Hey Guy's We are in the running for the Somerville patch "Best of Somerville" In a couple of categories.
Best Pizza
Best takeout
If you have a chance give us your support we appreciate it !
thanks

http://somerville.patch.com/articles/five-things-last-chance-to-vote-for-somerville-s-best?ncid=newsltuspatc00000001, The haute dog., City Slicker Cafe Holiday hours.
Closed July 2,3,4th.
Open regular hours for the rest of the week.
Have a Great Holiday!, Buttermilk marinated fried chicken, garlic mash,corn and black eyed
 pea salad with andoulle gravy., kenyons grist mill johnny cakes, topped with barbecued pork
 shoulder and jalapeno slaw., New Message
new summer specials!
Mexican cowboy pizza-
grilled chicken, housemade mexican style chorizo,sweet corn and red onion topped with chipotle mayo and ancho barbeque sauce., null, Closed for Easter., yep!, Did You Know that the city slicker cafe  has a lunch special tuesday-friday any sandwich, chips and soda or water $8.75, Hard at work !, Umm....pizza, New specials- Rib eye sandwich thin sliced prime rib seasoned and
 seared topped with mushrooms and onions topped with home made cheese sauce, New specials- Rib eye sandwich thin sliced prime rib seasoned and
 seared topped with mushrooms and onions topped with home made cheese sauce, New specials! Baked mac & cheese- bowtie pasta smothered in
 home-made cheese sauce with a touch of smoked mozzarella , with prosciutto,
 fresh peas and topped with pine nut bread crumbs., New specials! Chili cheese fries , crispy fries topped with beef
 and bean chili ,homemade cheese sauce, scallion and pickeled jalapenos., New specials- crispy ancho chile barbeque short rib taco's with
 bacon&blue cheese quacamole., New specials crispy ancho chile barbeque short rib tacos, Braised short ribs for upcoming specials, ancho chile barbecued
 short rib crispy shelled taco's with bacon and blue cheese quacamole., How about a Contest ? I need inspiration for fall specials, if your idea is used you get a free one to sample !, Fall Special Chorizo & Potato Empanada, Fall Special Pot Roast Sandwich., Fall Sandwich Special
Pot Roast Sandwich.................$8.25
Slow braised short ribs smothered in pan gravy topped with sweet potato fries and Scallion aioli.  

*Pot roast available as a dinner $11.95*, Fall Entree Special
Chicken Enchilada Pie.............$8.95
Shredded white meat chicken smothered in zesty enchilada sauce topped with creamy corn- poblano rice and crispy tortilla strips, Fall Appetizer Special
Chorizo & Potato Empanada...$4.75

Crispy empanada pastry filled with house made chorizo, yukon gold potato, golden raisins, green olives and smoked cheddar cheese served with red chili sauce., We're adding new menu items - Asian potstickers, sweet potato fries, creamy corn and poblano rice (my wife's favorite!), and assorted desserts (cookies, brownies and whoopie pies) made locally in Somerville by Homemade Bliss, City Slicker Eats....)