List(Our first Latino community meeting !!!
Awesome!!!, Join us in our celebration and see our newly redesigned website www.angelascafeboston.com. It is mobile-ready website. We are really proud of it. Thank you Depict Brands for creating it!  #depictbrands, We would love to invite all our fans to join us for The Grand Opening of Angela's - Orient Heights.  Tomorrow Saturday, February 27th. Doors will open at 8:00 am. #angelasorientheights., Happy Birthday, Luis!!!, You don't have to escape to the warm weather to get some delicious comfort food. Come taste Authentic Puebla Cuisine at our new location in Orient Heights. If you like Mexican food, you will love Angela's! Opening Soon!!!!, We are happy to announce that we are starting a new year with a new image. As you might notice we have been remodeling our location at 131 Lexington St. and will be working hard to serve better our customers. We would like to wish everyone a Happy New Year and best wishes to all in 2016., null, How many of you would be interested in watching the Boston Celtics at the restaurant enjoying margaritas and Mexican finger food for a small fee when they play in Mexico on December 3rd? The more likes we get, the more likely we will do it!, Today is friday !!!
A day for Chiles en Nogada!!!!, Labor Day!!!!
We are open !!!!, Let's the season begin !!!!
Chiles en Nogada de temporada!!
Starting tomorrow!!!, Lunch time!!!!
Try our Mexican torta!!!
Chicken Tinga Torta, Something new....!!!
Belgian waffles topped with 
Popcorn chicken!!!
Deliciosos !!!!!, null, null, null, null, null, null, Wine Event on Wed June 17th
Presenting wines from Spain
Make your reservations now!, null, I think this will be a good sandwich!!!
Angela's Hamburger!!!!
😘, Happy 5 de mayo!!!!, null, null, http://m.wcvb.com/chronicle/bostons-top-restaurant/32676486
We are excited and honored to featured on the show The Chronicle!, We are looking to hire new servers! Experience and Fluency in English and Spanish a must! Come in to fill out an application today.
 Ask for. Luis, Congratulations Adrian Madaro !!!!!!
From Angela's Cafe staff!!!!
Viva Eastie !!!!!!!, Thank you to The City of Boston !!!!!!
: ), Open for breakfast!!!!!
: ), We are open today!!!!!, Believe it or not !!
We are open!!!!!!, Will be closed tomorrow all day !
Due to the weather !!
Sorry for the inconvenience !!!
Will be open for business on Wednesday feb 11th 8am to 8pm!
Thank you all!!!
Stay warm!!!
Angela and sons, null, null, Celebrating el dia de Los muertos!!!, David "big papi" Ortiz
Having Green Chilaquiles for breakfast !!!!!!, null, null, This is The third weekend having Chiles En Nogada, Will be closed tonight at 6pm 
Due to a private party!!

Will be open tomorrow regular hours!

Thank you!!, null, Chiles en Nogada are back Again!!!!!
Starting this Weekend ......!!!
Limited availability...... 😉!!!, Thank you Everyone for making Angela's Cafe the Best Mexican Restaurant!!!!, MÉXICO vs HOLANDA
At 12 noon!!, Mexico vs Croatia 
At  4pm!
Come and watch the game with us!!
 $1.00 tacos ( pork, chicken,steak )
🎶🎻🎻🎷🎸🎶🎶
Si se puede, si se puede,!!, null, $1.00 tacos (chicken,pork or steak ) during each World Cup
Game!!!, Come and watch the first game of the World Cup with us!!!
Brazil vs Croatia !!!, Come to celebrate the 
World Cup with us!!
Are you ready?
We are!!!
See you at 12 noon!!!, Mango Chimi-Cheese Cake
Tonight's Special Dessert!!!, null, Drivers,Dinners and Dives crew visiting Angela's Cafe
Having the KILLER Chilaquiles for breakfast....!

Thank you guys for the visit!!!!, null, null, Happy Cinco de mayo!!!!, null, null, We are open today!!!!!
From 8 am until 10 pm!!!
Happy 5 de mayo!!!!, Almost ready for 
5 de mayo!!!!, null, Angela's Cafe 
Will be open Sunday May 4th 
From 8:00 am until 9 pm 
Monday May 5th 
From 8:00 am until 10 pm 
Lets get ready to party!!!!!!!
Viva Mexico !!!!!, null, null, null, null, null, null, Tickets now available for Latino Night on 3/12/14 vs. New York Knicks—Pregame Warm-ups: 6:00 PM Game Starts 7:30 PM - TWO LOW PRICES!  Loge Seating: $50/a ticket Balcony Seating: $28/a ticket.  please contact Jonathan Robinson with the Boston Celtics at (617) 399-8423 or by email jrobinson@celtics.com.  This offer is not good through Ticketmaster or the TD Garden Box office. All tickets are sold on a first come first serve basis.  Enjoy the game!, null, Try our new dessert 
Pastel de tres Leches
Cake soaked in three Luscious
Milks and covered with a satiny white cream topping 
Delicioso!!!!, null, CHILAQULES!  A rejuvenating antidote to a night spent throwing back tequila, this Mexican breakfast staple is built atop tortilla chips sautéed in either red or green tomato sauce until they’re soft in the center and crisp around the corners. Then: zigzags of crema, queso fresco, raw onion, a fried egg. Avocado and shreds of chicken grace the tomatillo version ($11.95, pictured) at Angela’s Café. 

Angela’s Café, 131 Lexington St., East Boston, 617-567-4972, angelascafeboston.com PHOTOGRAPH BY TOAN TRINH
, Satisfy your sweet side with a Chimi-Cheese cake for dessert at Angela's Café, null, Angela's Cafe is open for business! !!! , Check out our New Year's Eve menu!  Call to make your reservation at 617.567.4972, Try out SANGRIA and celebrate National Sangria Day on Friday, December 20th!  , Need a mood change? try Avocado ... the main ingredient in our Guacamole :), Tonight Special
Berenjena Poblana 
Three Cheese Stuffed Eggplant
With Shrimp and mixed Vegetables , served with our signature Mole Poblano sauce 
Delicioso....!!!!!, Tres leches cake !
Límited time only!!!
Delicioso!!!!!, Chiles En Nogada available at Angela's Cafe until December 31st!  Call and make your reservation today!, null, Happy Halloween - Video 3, here with the Ladies !!!, Happy Halloween! !!!  Video 2, Happy Halloween! !!!  Video 1, Many options to beat today's heat Angela's Cafe, null, We like to thank everyone who celebrated with us Angela's birthday - she was moved and touched by all the best wishes   by family, friends and patrons!  Agradecemos a todos los que celebraron el cumpleaños de Angela - se llenó de emoción por las felicitaciones de su familia, amigos y clientes., null, Angela dancing with her son at her birthday celebration., Last night David Corbera captured the moment where Angela Atenco Lopez was surprised by her family, friends and guest at her 70th birthday party celebration at Spinellis.  , On Thursday, August 1st 2013 Angela Atenco Lopez celebrated with her family and friends her 70th birthday at Spinellis in East Boston.  During her birthday celebration Angela was surprised by the visit of her family from Mexico, Texas and New York.  The Priest, Alonso Macias bless Angela and his close-knit family.  She was serenaded by the Mariachi band, Estampa de America, followed by a guest performance by Alex Deras and to wrap up the night Alexander Farias and his band played Angela's favorite songs from the 'big band era.'  Guest received candy favors from Puebla and commemorate t-shirts, which the staff could not wait to try on during the party.  Photography provided by David Corbera Photography., null, Angela's Cafe listed as one of 7 best Mexican food restaurants in Boston!  Thank you Boston.com! !!!, Tonight Special 
Bruschetta Mexicana 
Served with a bed of water-crest and potato salad, null, Thank you EastieTimes for the story on Angela's Cafe, Cinco de Mayo celebration (page 5.), Last Call !!!, null, null, null, null, Thank you Felix G. Arroyo for always supporting Angelascafe Staff!, null, null, Happy Cinco de Mayo! We look forward to celebrating with you from 8am-8pm on Sunday, May 5, 2013 at our restaurant, 131 Lexington Street, East Boston, MA., null, null, null, null, Wunitv Univision Boston, No se pierda la entrevista sobre el Cinco de Mayo en Angela's Café HOY las Noticias Nueva Inglaterra @ 6pm o a las 11pm! , null, null, Don't miss Noticias Nueva Inglaterra, Friday, May 3rd @ 6pm and at 11pm on Univision where Sara Suarez talks 'Cinco de Mayo' with Luis Garcia Atenco and Angela Atenco Lopez about how this tradition is celebrated in their native Puebla, Mexico and how they plan to celebrate at Angela's Cafe this year. ** No se pierda Noticias Nueva Inglaterra el viernes, 3 de mayo @ 6pm y 11pm en Univision, donde Sara Suarez habla con Luis García Atenco y Angela Atenco López sobre cómo se celebra la tradición de el Cinco de Mayo en su pueblo natal de Puebla, Mexico y que tienen planificado para festejar en Angela Café este año., null, null, Sara Suarez from Wunitv Univision Boston interviewing Luis Garcia about Cinco de Mayo., Due to the unfortunate events in the city of Boston and in solidarity with the victims of the Boston Marathon, Angela's Café has decided not to continue with the plans of the “CINCO DE MAYO" celebration. 

Angela’s Cafe will be open for business 8:00 am - 8:00 pm, during Sunday May 5th, but the block party we were planning, won’t take place. We appreciate all your support and look forward to continue our “CINCO DE MAYO” celebrations on years to come., Angela's Café is proud of the men and women who help keep our city safe. To show our gratitude, we will serve a free breakfast to any Boston Police in uniform that come to our restaurant this weekend. 

Angela's Café está orgulloso de la Policia de Boston que con su ayuda, mantienen nuestra ciudad segura. Para mostrar nuestro agradecimiento, serviremos un desayuno gratuito a cualquier policía de Boston en uniforme que visite nuestro restaurante este fin de semana., null, null, null, Los favoritos!!!!!, Happy St. Patrick's Day ... Enjoy this video where Mexico and Ireland come together ;), If you are set for some green this weekend ... come for some Guacamole to Angela's Cafe, Food Done Right is on now ... turn to the food Network to see Angela's Cafe! !!!, Guy's diggin' into food made the right way. .. and in East Boston, the family Mexican spot cooking up mom's chilaquiles recipe.  Read more at: http://www.foodnetwork.com/diners-drive-ins-and-dives/food-done-right/index.html?oc=linkback, If you missed Guy's visit to Angela's Cafe or want to see it again, it will be on this Monday, 10:30pm/9:30c, 
Food Done Right episode on the Food Network, If you missed Guy's visit to Angela's Cafe or want to see it again, it will be on this Monday, 10:30pm/9:30c, 
Food Done Right episode on the Food Network, The Killer Chilaquiles in 
Green sauce!!!, Happy 5 de marzo ;)  two more months till we celebrate our Cinco de Mayo block party! !!!  , null, Sopa Poblana, Taco al Pastor, Camarones al Cilantro
Shrimp Cilantro, Pancakes and fresh strawberries!!!!, Tostada de Nopales, Huevos Rancheros, Crepas Silvestres..... !
( Angela's favorites ), Salmon a la Mostaza..., Sopa Poblana, Angela's Cafe still celebrating
Valentine's weekend ...., Feliz dia del amor y amistad les desea Angela's Cafe 
Happy Valentine's Day!!!, Have you called Angela's to make your Valentine's Day reservation?, After the Storm!! 
The Rainbow comes out!!!, Angela's Café resuming business hours., Congratulations Mexico!, Paella Mexicana on the Valentine's Day menu!, Huevos Rancheros, Angela's Valentine's Day Menu will be available Thursday, 2/14 - Saturday, 2/16. Delicious food, complimentary champagne in an intimate setting. Call for reservation at 617.567.4972., The Killer Chilaquiles 
( by Guy Fieri ), null, null, Breakfast????, null, General Manager of Angelascafe Staff celebrated his 40th Birthday, where esle than at Angela's Cafe., On Feb. 1st a special member of the Angela's Café family was born!  Join us in wishing Luis Garcia Atenco Feliz Cumpleaños! !!!, Gilberto Rivera will play at Angela's Cafe on Friday, Feb. 1st @ 7pm. Hope you can join us! !!!, null, Party time!!!!!, Enchiladas con Pollo y Mole 
Poblano, Chocolate bread pudding 
Fresh Berries and Vanilla bean 
Ice Cream!!!, What about some fresh 
Guacamole and chips also???
Delicioso!!!!, Our Drink Menu!!
A nice glass of Red Sangia!!!!!, Taco al Pastor
( Roasted pork in a chipotle sauce and fresh Pineapple ) 
Served in a soft corn tortilla., Queso Fundido with Chorizo
(Mexican sausage) 
Served with a flour tortilla, This is Angela's favorite sauce 
Pepian Rojo with Nopales served with pork loin 
Lets try it!!! 
Delicious!!!, Tonight Special
Bistec con Champiñones
( 12 oz Sirloin Steak cooked 
In a Burgandy Mushrooms sauce ) served with Mashed potatoes and garlic-bacon sautéed spinach, $4.00 Bfast At Angela's when you mention this post today 
Only
2 eggs any style with bacon,sausage or ham served 
With homefries , toast and coffee., Im going to Angela's for Dinner
Do you guys want to come???
Pozole soup with Pork ., Delicious fresh Guacamole!!!, Shrimp Diablo ( spicy chipotle
Sauce ) with cactus salad, Cold day....!! 
Have some spicy chilaquiles!!!!, Especial de esta noche!!!
Tilapia al limon servido con ensalada de aguacate y arroz., null, Whats for dinner?
Chicken Angela!! 
(Stuffed chicken breast with 
Shrimp and jalapeños sauted in a creamy chipotle sauce with 
Mushrooms and spinach) served with mexican rice., Pancakes with fresh strawberries and a cup a coffe?
Lets go to Angelas Cafe!!!!, Chilaquiles verdes!! 
At Angelas Cafe!!, Angela's new creation!!! 
Mariscada al Cilantro Served with a side of mexican rice!!, null, Angela cutting "La rosca de reyes" ( 3 kings day bread) she got the baby Jesus doll!!!!, null, Trivia Question!!
How old Angela will be this year 2013??, New Year's Special 
Three chesse stuffed Eggplant
With Mole poblano ( chocolate mole sauce with a hint of spicy), The staff at Angela's cafe., Happy 2013 from Angelascafe Staff !!!, Chiles En Nogada available at Angela's Cafe until December 31st!  Call and make your reservation today!, This is the last weekend, having 
Chiles en Nogada, at Angela's Cafe!!!, Have breakfast at Angela's Cafe!!!!
Huevos Rancheros with Red Sauce., null, null, null, null, null, null, Guess the name of this delicious plates!!!!!!, Do you like spicy food??
Come to Angela's to try
Mole Negro with short Pork Ribs!! 
( tomatillo,chipotle peppers and garlic sauce), Try our signature mole poblano sauce with pork enchiladas!!!!, And Chicken Angela as of Main Dish, null, Tonight Special.....
Chicken Angela's, Happy birthday Virgin of Guadalupe from Angela's Cafe, Angela singing Happy birthday to our Virgin of Guadalupe last night!!, Would you like a light breakfast
this morning? Come to Angela's!!!!!, Whats for dinner tonight??
Camarones al Diablo ( Shrimp in a spicy chipotle sauce) served with rice., Come to Angela's and try our
Grilled Steak ( Carne Asada ), What's Cooking 
Fish Tacos!!! Come and try them!!!, Les deseamos a nuestros amigos y clientes, felices fiestas!
Wishing our friends and patrons, happy holidays!!!, Friends from Great Barrington Ma visiting Angelas Cafe after watching the episode in DDD !!! Enjoy!!!, null, Come for a Belgium Chocolate
Waffles with fresh Strawberries 
and Whipped Cream this sunday!!!, Fresh Avocado dip (Guacamole en Molcajete)  served with home-made tortilla chips, Tonight Special 
The famous Chilaquiles with green sauce!!!, If you have not seen the episode featuring Angela's Cafe, tune in Friday, Nov 23rd at 7:00 PM ET/PT on Diners, Drive-ins & Dives on the Food Network. Check your local listings!, Friends from Virginia and washington DC visiting Angela's Cafe  after watching DDD episode!!! Thank you amigos!!!!, We are.... So great full to know..that...how many people appreciate my mom's recipes, she cooks with at lots of love!!! THANK YOU ALL !!!!, Thanks to our new friends from Watertown MA, for their patronage!, Tonight Special
Chicken Angela=stuffed chicken breast with shrimp and jalapeños,sauteed in a creamy chipotle sauce with mushrooms and spinach., null, null, null, If you have not seen the episode featuring Angela's Cafe, tune in Friday, Nov 23rd at 7:00 PM ET/PT on Diners, Drive-ins & Dives on the Food Network. Check your local listings!, If you have not seen the episode featuring Angela's Cafe, tune in Friday, Nov 23rd at 7:00 PM ET/PT on Diners, Drive-ins & Dives on the Food Network. Check your local listings!, If you have not seen the episode featuring Angela's Cafe, tune in Friday, Nov 23rd at 7:00 PM ET/PT on Diners, Drive-ins & Dives on the Food Network. Check your local listings!, DDD's is on now!  Up Next Angela's Caffe ..., Still time to watch the episode featuring Angela's Cafe. Tune in on Monday, Nov 12th 6:00 PM ET/PT or Friday, Nov 23rd at 7:00 PM ET/PT on Diners, Drive-ins & Dives! Check your local listingsi, Don't miss: Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives @ 9pm tonight, featuring Angela's Cafe's where Luis Garcia shows Guy how he prepares the Killer Chilaquiles!, null, null, null, null, null, null, Check DDD's Repeat Dates!  , Gathering Angela's Cafe for the premiere of Food Netwok's show, Diner, Drive-ins & Dives., DDDd's Premiere Menu Angela's Cafe Today!, Angela's Cafe is Open for Business!, Don't forget!  Tune to the Food Network for Diners, Drive-ins and Dives Monday. 10/29 @ 10pm, featuring Angela's Cafe!  Check your local listings.

http://www.foodnetwork.com/diners-drive-ins-and-dives/food-done-right/index.html, Tonight's special: chilaquiles with pork chops, null, Angela's Cafe on Diners, Drive-ins & Dives! !!!, What's on the menu tonight Chiles en Nogada, What others say about Angela's Cafe, null, null, Boston City Councilor At-Large, Felix G. Arroyo recognizes Angela Atenco Lopez at his Latino Heritage Month Celebration., Guy Fieri's favorite dish chilaquiles with green sauce, null, Tonight Special. Berenjena rellena with Mole Poblano. ( stuffed eggplant with mix vegetables and shrimp topped with Mole Poblano, Flan de Vainilla con Rompope (eggnog), Mole Negro with Pork Loin Tonight Special, null, null, null, null, Stay tune! The episode featuring Angela's Cafe on Diners Drive-ins and Dives will air on Monday, Oct. 29th at 10pm., null, null, null, null, null, Don't miss the Ballet Folklorico de Mexico, 9/22 The Shubert Theater, Boston., null, Stay tune ... Soon Angela's Cafe will be on Diner Drive-ins and Dives !!! click on the link to find out when., Join Joel Garcia & Luis Garcia Atenco in wishing their mom, Angela Garcia Atenco best wishes on her birthday!, Stay Cool, NEIGHBORHOODS: EAST BOSTON
Angela’s Café

The tastiest of sauces are allowed to simmer and brew for hours, occasionally disturbed by vigilant stirring. Craft is lovingly employed in the making of Angela’s chocolaty mole poblano, named for Puebla, Mexico, where she was born and raised. Here you can finally taste authentic versions of widely bastardized chile rellenos and carne asada, while the model vehicle for mole is the enchilada—a stuffed corn tortilla showered with radishes and cheese., Los Angela's, Angela's Cafe will sponsor a basketball team at the Arianna's Hoops for Hope fundraiser to raise awareness for Sickle Cell Disease. Join us 6/30 at noon, Paris Street Community Center in East Boston MA., null, The Eagle Hill Civic Association issued the Golden Eagle Award to Luis Garcia for Outstanding Community Service of Angela's Cafe on June 20, 2012., As seen on the East Boston Times !!!, VIP Guest of the Boston Latino TV Access Awards will enjoy a taste of Puebla, Mexico thanks to Angela's Cafe!, Pick up a copy of East Boston times today !!!, Happy Angela!, With the Crew, Congratulations!, Wrap-up, Guy arrives at Angela's Café, Taping for The Food Network's Diners, Drive Ins and Dives!, With Guy!, With Anthony, the Puerto Rican in the crew ..., Guy's signature!, Congratulations from Boston Latino TV , Felicitaciones Angela Atenco Lopez!  , null, Todo un éxito! !!!, null, Muchas Gracias a todos los que participaron en nuestra fiesta del cinco de Mayo!  Los esperamos el proximo año!  Thanks to all that made it to our Cinco de Mayo Block Party!  We hope to see you next year!, null, Cinco de Mayo is now Angela's Day   In the City of Boston !!!!, Los Tres Amigos!, Felicitaciones!, Estaremos aqui hasta las 5pm!, $5 Menu!, Felicitaciones !!, Feliz Cinco de Mayo. Celebrando el 150 aniversario de Puebla!, Caracteres !!, We're READY!, Cinco de Mayo 'Bock Party' Celebration at Angela's Cafe.  , Looking forward to seeing our friends at the Cinco de Mayo, Angela's Cafe Block Party, 12-5pm @ 131 Lexington Street !!! Weather is going to cooperate!  , Los esperamos!, Felicitaciones Luis Garcia Atenco!, Busca el periódico El Mundo para información del 5 de mayo en Angela's Café, Asi se celebro el 5 de mayo en el 2011 en Puebla!  Angelascafe Staff los invita a disfrutar de su evento en el vecindario el sabado, 5 de mayo de 12-5pm.  This is how 'Cinco de Mayo' was celebrated in Puebla on 2011.  Angela's Cafe invites you to join in the celebration with a block party on Saturday, May 5 from 12-5pm.  , null, null, null, Vamos a ver el partido  !!!  Dale 'me gusta' a Angela's Cafe y te digo donde ;), null, null, null)