List(null, null, FHSC #speakeasy  open toMarrow night! Fried chicken with maple umaboshi will be there!, Koji inspired fermentation dinner this Friday with guest chefs Rich and nicco! These guys are awesome! Tickets here    https://www.eventbrite.com/e/kojify-the-dinner-experience-tickets-21630274734, 12 seats just opened at 7:30pm tonight! Text (617)7567571 for a table or just show up, Tonight till 11pm! #brassicakitchen #cocktails #FHSC, #agedduck for March suppers! Saturday sold out, but Friday we still have late night tables available  reserve here.               http://bit.ly/1W7wiUN, That's our #friedchicken sandwich, pickled tomato, lactofermented hot sauce and honey! #fermentation, Tonight 6pm-11pm #FHSC #cocktails, Cocktails tonight #FHSC  6pm -11pm, Cocktails tonight 6pm to 11pm! #bacon #ramen too! #FHSC, Our first Supper as the Much anticipated, long awaited, first bricks and mortar by the Whisk team!  Reserve here http://bit.ly/1W7wiUN or text (617)756-7571, The pass is done! #brassica #FHSC see you tonight for #cocktails, #speakeasy see you guys toMarrow night (6pm-12am)! #cocktails, #FHSC (Forest Hills Social Club) every Sunday 6pm-midnight #cocktails, #chocolatecake for #FHSC tonight! 6-12, #speakeasy at Fazenda Cafe tonight! Cocktails + bites + dessert for lovers, the broken hearted, and all in between. 6pm-midnight !, See you Sunday!, Vegan olive oil cake and gluten free pecan cookies have hit the shelves!, #vegan chocolate cake with olive oil and preserved orange!, Fazenda cafe looking for experienced and passionate baristas please email whiskboston@gmail.com or text (617)7567571 . Bartending and serving shifts will be available as well for popup suppers and the opening of Brassica Kitchen!, #cocktail and #antivalentine menu finalized! There will be #kimchi pancakes! This Sunday 6pm to 12 midnight!, http://bit.ly/1W7wiUN, Next supper 3/18-19! The whisk team "sneak peak at Brassica Kitchen Supper"
Reserve here. http://bit.ly/1W7wiUN or by text (617)7567571, Starting Valentine's Day and every Sunday thereafter! #cocktails by Thea, #streetfood by whisk and #pastry by Arthur.... 6pm-11pm, What a team @pvkruta @whiskboston great supper this weekend!, Holy #croquesmonsieurs thanks Eva! Your produce is rivaled by no other, #homemade English , homemade #bacon , grafton cheddar , #farmfreshegg, #fermentation #sourdough miso for #brassicakitchen   Boom, #honemade ham see you next Christmas! #pig and thanks Sugar Beans farm, #giftboxes in full swing call (617)756-7571 for preorder! #macaron #localcoffee #scratchpie, null, null, Holiday boxes with royal gingers, Macaron, local roasted coffee! This is the small inquire at Fazenda cafe or call/text (617)7567572 for details or orders., #allday pistachio + vanilla...local strawberry ...organic peach and flaked yogurt..... Foraged raspberry jelly @whiskboston, #allday raspberry jelly, local strawberry, classic and Boston cream ... We got me till we don't.  @whiskboston @fazendacafe, Local strawberry / organic peach + salted pepita / sugared coconut + local honey #alldaytoday @whiskboston, #allday @whiskboston, Need a last minute gift idea? Everyone loves coffee! Come on down to Fazenda and grab a bag or two. 

Special Holiday blend available, medium roast, spicy, chocolaty and nutty. 

Fazenda will be open until 3pm today, hurry in! 

Happy Holidays Everyone!!, Lots going on this month at Fazenda!!
 New muffins, Golden Morning (carrot, pineapple, parsnip, rasin), and The Dark Side Of The Prune (Pumpkin, prune, dark chocolate). Dont be scared by the parsnip, the golden morning is to die for!

We are featuring a Costa Rica San Marcos as our monthly Gold Cup brew. Fruit forward with a big velvety dark chocolate  finish.  

We also have launched a new vegetarian sandwich! Roasted sweet potato, kale, apple, and sun-dried tomato goat cheese spread, served on soft seven grain. 

Come on down for everything new and exciting!!, Come into Fazenda tomorrow for Small Business Saturday! Earn $10 back for every $10 spent on any American Express credit card. #SmallBusinessSaturday #ShopLocal #AmericanExpress #AmEx #FazendaCafe, Happy Holidays from all of us at Fazenda! 
The cafe will be closed tomorrow, open Friday for our regular hours. Psst... we will also be running a small batch of Golden Morning Muffins, our newest bakery addition. Must try!, Friendly reminder the cafe is CLOSED today the 17th and tomorrow the 18th. We will be back pouring full time Wednesday, see you then!, Fazenda Cafe will be CLOSED this Monday and Tuesday, the 17th & 18th. We will be open again, normal hours, on Wednesday, the 19th.  We truly apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. 

We sell our coffee beans retail if you need to stock up for those days ;), Sneak peek: Coming soon :), Look at the time!, Comment with your favorite holiday beverage! 
Perhaps you'll see it pop up in the cafe as the season approaches :), Shop Local!

Fazenda Cafe offers retail bags in all of our roasting varities. 
Stop in this month to grab a bag of this months Gold Cup: Nicaragua Agua Sarca. The perfect gift for all the coffee drinkers you love :-), Enjoy the last days of sunshine with a cup of Fazendas Cold Brew, brewed fresh nightly!, Happy Halloween from Fazenda! We'll be closing at 4p.m. tonight, stop in to kick off your night with some espresso with these guys :), ....Mmmmmm........Fazenda Cafe now offering New York Style Cheesecake! Stop by today and pair this sweet treat with a Pumpkin Harvest Latte., THIS JUST IN: New Line of cakes, tortes and dessert bars. Come in this week for Flourless Chocolate Torte, Vanilla Salted Caramel Crunch Cake, Lemon Bars, and heavenly 7-Layer bars. These sweet treats pair perfectly with our freshly roasted coffees :), Our addictive Pumpkin Whoopie Pies are back!!! Made in house at Fazenda!, Perfect day for a warm bowl of cheddar & brocolli soup at Fazenda!, null, Fazenda's Cold Brew.. it's a beautiful thing., null, Our Gold Cup Coffee Program is designed to bring you a collection of exceptional, high quality coffees from around the world. Check out our lineup through November!, Fazenda is excited to be open late hosting the Slam Up tour tonight! Who's coming!! Perfect pre-queeraoke event!, Come get your cold brew this Saturday Egleston Farmers Market from 10-2pm!, Peach Crullers at Fazenda by our favorite Vegan Bakery Sabertooth!, Tonight@FazendaCafe in Jamaica Plain!!! Queer Open Mic & Reading Series, looks like it's going to be a great crowd!!, This Thursday!!!! Don't miss Open Mic at Fazenda Cafe!, Excited to announce we are hosting the Slam Up tour in Sept.!!! 
NYC based performers bring "a musical mix of comedy, poetry, and improv."
Here's a briefing about their tour:

 "It’s TMI time with Cali & Emily! Prepare for a musical ride through the many stages of life and shades of love-- requited, unrequited, gay, straight, queer, or, well, just "creative." WARNING: Contains wonderfully, hilariously, poignantly, adult material. 
https://www.facebook.com/events/1448593405412461/, Like Coffee? Your Plants Might Like It Too! There's a way to recycle and literally make your environment green: gardening with your coffee grounds! 

No doubt you've heard of putting your grounds in the soil or compost pile. But why is it a good thing? Experts at Oregon State University'S Cooperative Extension (http://extension.oregonstate.edu/gardening/node/1009) found coffee grounds are about 2 percent nitrogen by volume. Nitrogen is one of the 13 mineral nutrients plants need to grow, and it's a primary nutrient. Acid loving plants, like blueberries or evergreens, will appreciate a jolt from coffee grounds. But don't use too much. Start with a teaspoon around the base of the plant, not next to the stem. Wait a week and try it again to see if your plant likes it.

Not a coffee drinker? No problem. Check with your local coffee shop! Many coffee shops will give you their grounds for free!
, Try our new sandwich! It's a vegan black bean sweet potato patty with a little bit of kick, paired with our Avocado-Edamame Spread it's so good! Gluten-Free option available, Did you know our vegan donuts & crullers are made by our favorite, Sabertooth Bakery? They have a new website! Check them out, they rule., It's a gorgeous day! Join us at the Egleston Farmers Market from 10-2 and enjoy the weather. Meghan will have Fazenda coffee and cold brew on hand to make your morning even better!, Hey JP! Join us tonight at Fazenda Cafe for food, coffee, and Boston Poetry Slam's monthly event, Moonlighting.  I hear the feature is AHHH-MAAAZING!! , Strawberry-Rhubarb Parfaits starting tomorrow at Fazenda! 
With a dose of our addictive house made granola!, It's another busy week for Fazenda! We'll be in the community at farmers markets in Cambridge and JP.
Thursday from 11-2 in Kendall Square with Commonwealth Market & Restaurant sandwiches!
Friday from 12- 6 in front of the The Charles Hotel
Saturday from 10- 2 with the Egleston Farmers Market

Come get your whole bean coffee and cold brew supplies!, Good morning!, Delicious latte art at Fazenda!, Have you seen everything that is going on at @EglestonFarmMkt this weekend? http://eglestonfarmersmarket.org/ It's going to be a fun and full Saturday, hope to see you there!, It's an Egleston Farmers Market weekend! We'll be serving up hot coffee and cold brew! Come spend your Saturday morning with us., Fazenda is out in the community this week at three different #farmersmarket. You can find us at @kendall_square on Thursday from 11- 2, @CharlesHotel on Friday from 12-6, and @EglestonFarmMkt on Saturday from 10- 2. We'll have all the cold brew and coffee you need!, Lavender Iced Cortado is back! Also this weekend, Tuna on sourdough with gruyere, apple, spinach and dijon!, Special this weekend! Portabello, pesto, gruyere, spinach and tomato on sourdough! So good!, Come join us outside this Thursday from 11- 2:00 p.m. at the @kendall_square #farmersmaket. After all the rain, you know you'll want to be outside, enjoying a cup of #coldbrew coffee!, It's a good morning for coffee and what could be better than a sale on coffee! Come down to the Egleston Farmers Market from 10-2:00 and get Fazenda Coffee $2 off!, Awesome, limited bag Featured Brew launched today! It is the highest grade available in Guatemala, single origin microlot. Bright, chocolate forward with underlying notes of goji berries. Let us brew one for you! Retail bags available while supply lasts!, Tonight!!! LGBTQ Open Mic at Fazenda Cafe! Check it out on your way to Queeraoke and get caffeinated. , null, Fazenda fans, if you happen to be in Harvard Sq tomorrow between 12-6pm, you can find us selling whole bean coffee and cold brew at the Charles River Farmer Market in front of Charles Hotel. Join us!, This Thursday!! Open Mic at Fazenda Cafe, with feature Kayla Wheeler! 

"Kayla Wheeler is a poet, pottymouth and ex-ballerina from New Hampshire. She was a semi-finalist at the 2013 National Poetry Slam, having represented Manchester, NH’s Slam Free Or Die", Shelby rockin' the bar at Fazenda Cafe!!!! Whooot! Delicious!, Enjoy going to Farmers Markets? Sure you do! Find us, Fazenda Coffee Roasters at the Charles Market in Harvard Sq. every Friday and at JP's own Egleston Farmers Market on Saturday. Come join us!, Fazenda customer, Cathy, offering her horse Lilly one of our Apple Muffins as a birthday treat!, Hi JP and friends, check it out!

The Egleston Farmers Market reopens for the season with a bang (10-am-2pm) on Saturday, June 7, with a BBQ featuring pork dishes cooked by Tres Gatos chef. Vegetarian delicacies and Sam 

Adams beer will also be on hand. The Fundraiser/BBQ is 11am-2 pm and just $10 admission. RSVP: https://www.facebook.com/events/623882171035715/?ref=22, Kerri pulling a good shot of espresso on a busy Sunday morning., Our Ethiopia Sidamo is our current featured brew at the cafe! 
We grind and brew our feature cups for you on the spot, limited quantity so stop in this weekend for one!, Meet Cambridge based, Life Force Juice at Fazenda Cafe today from 11-1:30!
 A great opportunity to sample some of their raw, organic, nourishing juices and smoothies. These folks are awesome!!
http://lifeforcejuice.com/, Start your morning at Fazenda Cafe! Open at 6 a.m. with all things delicious., Open mic tonight at 7p.m. at Fazenda Cafe!! Be sure and come out, it's going to be awesome!!! We're directly across from the Forest Hills T stop on the Orange Line, sooo easy!!!

"This month at the New Sh!t Show we'll have a Poetry set by SlamFree OrDie organizer and all around baddass Mckendy Fils-Aime as well as music by The pride of Emerson College Allison Truj.

We'll kick off the show with an open mic for artists of all genres,* so be ready for a night or surprises, prizes, and new sh!t!*", Happy Mother's Day! 
We're currently sampling out our flour-less chocolate cookies.. mmmm... We can box them up with other treats of your choice for the mom in your life!!!, If you're in the Symphony area, stop by the WholeFoods for the #PopUp market for @bakes4bc. We're serving coffee and there's @StackedDonuts and @TrademarkTarts, everything you need till noon!, Fazenda Cafe is so excited to bring Life Force Juice to JP!! We are now carrying several of their organic juices and smoothies... we'll be sampling some out tomorrow so stop in!!! 

https://www.facebook.com/pages/Life-Force-Juice/305168149604462, Fazenda Coffee Roasters is a proud partner in the Benefit for Families of the Fallen Firefighters on Wed, May 7th. Event taking place from 6:30- 9:00 p.m. at Davio's in Boston. Tickets still available. More information can be found here: 
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/benefit-for-families-of-the-fallen-firefighters-tickets-4348889646, Don't forget today is Wake Up The Earth Festival in JP! , Fazenda Cafe is open late tonight to pair spoken word with deliciousness. Creamy lattes from our pro baristas and fierce readings, featuring Corrina Bain. YES!!!, TONIGHT!!! Fazenda Cafe hosts Moonlighting. Don't miss it!!

http://bostonpoetryslam.com/archives/4630, New! Fazenda's Espresso Mousse! You have found your new addiction. This is serious., What is your favorite Fazenda Baked good? We love the Earl Grey Infused Muffins, Flourless Peanut Butter Cookie, and Orange Zest Fig Scone to name a few!, Tomorrow night! Thursday 3/20, Open Mic at Fazenda Cafe! Check it out.., Remember to follow @FazendaCafeJP on Twitter for news, updates, event information and (obviously) photos of our amazing food & drink!, https://www.facebook.com/events/216384475227321/?source=1

Get ready for Volume 5 of the New Sh!t Show #Boston Edition! We'll see you at 7 for some unplugged Sh!t!, It's so nice out! It's Cold Brewed Iced Coffee Time!!!, null, Fazenda introduces French Macarons! Green Tea, Chocolate, and Coffee varieties., Super awesome Quiche this weekend! Bacon, Ham, or Broccoli with Cheddar, & Spinach with Feta, Fazenda is OPEN LATE for OPEN MIC TONIGHT!!!!!!! Check it out!, Quiche is in the house! And it is awwwesome!, So many great things to bring to your fancied people! A freshly ground bag of our awesome coffee? Build a custom box of our house baked  treats? Annd, of course,  Sabertooth Vegan Bakery for the win., Have you tried The Rooster yet?, Tonight is the night! Moonlighting Open Mic and Reading Series (presented by the Boston Poetry Slam) starts at 7:30, so get here early to get a good seat., Slush Alert! The streets are super slushy, so it's a good time to carry an extra pair (or two) of socks. Used plastic bags (especially bread bags) make a great liner. Put on socks, then plastic bags and then boots. Once you have this done, point the boots in the direction of our cafe and warm up with a hot drink., Every day I'm shovelin'.

We're still here, so come have a nice hot cocoa in our warm and cozy spot!, We are open! Come on by for coffee, warmth and wifi!, How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm?, Who wants to understand coffee better?, Monday - like or not, it's gonna happen., 45 degrees! It feels like springtime. Why not indulge in our tasty cold brewed iced coffee?, Heard of Sabertooth Vegan Bakery? BEST Vegan 
Donuts and Crullers, and we carry them here at Fazenda... check them out! We love them!!!, The only way to greet each day..., Obviously, you 'Like' us, so why not 'Follow' us around?

Check out our Twitter page @FazendaCafeJP for news, updates, and drool-worthy menu items!, Try the Savory Goat! Sage Sweet potato spread, red onion, cucumbers, and goat cheese with Turkey or Portobello Mushroom. So good!, Let us help you pretend., Coffee really is good for you. Science says so!, Gonna be close to 40 degrees today, so I guess you could say things are getting pretty serious., Sunday brunch at Fazenda Coffee Roasters. What could be better?, Join us for yet another open mic and reading night!

See you at 'Moonlighting', February 6th at Fazenda in Jamaica Plain!, Anytime is coffee time., It's that time again., Taylor, Fazenda's baker, in action making her Bacon Cheddar Scallion Scones! They. Are. Awesome., The sidewalk is shoveled, pastries just came out of the oven and we have our amazing coffee ready to go., This is how we open the doors at 6AM during the week., The Boston Globe picks the brain of Fazenda's Roastmaster, Tim!
http://www.bostonglobe.com/business/2014/01/19/roastmaster-finds-grounds-for-better-coffee/wdsj6OqV14flXd9EOnbKGJ/story.html, Check out our new wrap! Tons of crunchy veggies, house made miso dressing(vegan!), with chicken or lemon garlic tofu. Awesome., TONIGHT AT FAZENDA CAFE!! Spoken word open mic... whoot whoot!, The sign says it all., What time is it?, null, null, Don't let the Mondays get to you. Hot coffee and freshly baked pastries await you at the Fazenda Cafe., 42 degrees warm already! It's time to come out of hibernation and enjoy a tasty brunch here at the cafe. We're here for you until 6 PM., Fazenda's lead roaster fine tuning micro lots at the cafe yesterday!, Warm up with our new seasonal mocha, with cinnamon and a slight kick, we call it, The Rooster. Guess what the secret ingredient is :), Coffee protects your brain and other key body parts. Also: delicious!, Today we debut a delicious new savory pastry: The Tomato Basil Scone. Come on by to grab a scone and a cuppa in our warm and cozy cafe., 17 degrees is pretty freaking cold. The only answer is a hot cup of delicious coffee here in the cafe. We'll save you a seat., Warmer weather is on the way today, so come on down and defrost with a hot, fresh breakfast in our comfy cafe., It is so time for breakfast, come and join us at Fazenda!!, Shooting to open for 8 o'clock!  Come in for fresh hot pastries & coffee & hide from the storm with us then!, Good morning! Our opening time today will be delayed. We will post. here as soon as we can get open!, The Open Mic tonight will be canceled due to the storm of doom. We will keep you posted here if the cafe closes early... but we are so open now!!, Snow what? We're here brewing fresh coffee, making yummy sandwiches and keeping warm. Come join us!, Hi folks! We are open New Years for your caffeine needs. Here are our hours:
Tuesday New Years Eve. 12/30 6a.m.-4p.m.
Wed. New Years Day 1/1 9a.m.-5p.m., Happy holidays! Our holiday hours are: 
Tue. 12/24 7a.m.-4p.m.
Wed. 12/25 Closed
Thurs. 12/26 8a.m.-6p.m., Who wouldn't love the gift of locally roasted coffee? We have gift packs ready to go with our holiday blend, perfected by our head roaster!, Drop by the Egleston Farmers Market for all things local, including Fazenda with our cold brew, beans, and home cold brew units!!! www.facebook/EglestonFarmersMarket, Holiday hours! 
     *Wed. Regular hours 6a.m.-6p.m. *pick up some pumpkin whoopie pies for your fam.!   ;)
     *Thursday Closed
     *Friday 8a.m.-6p.m.
Have a lovely holiday!, null, Coming to the New Sh!t Show- Boston Edition on Thursday?

We're excited to announce a special pre-show workshop from our spotlight feature, performance poet Ken Arkind! Get to Fazenda at 6:30 to participate in the workshop, grab some snacks, and snag your spot on the open mic list.

(Oh, and don't forget about our fabulous promo: Tweet @fazendacafejp using the hashtag #NewStuffBoston with your FAVORITE moment of the night (a line/song/photo/act,etc.) and be automatically entered to win some new (FREE) Sh!t!

http://www.hotcongressrecords.com/bands/ken-arkind

SEE YOU THURSDAY!, REMEMBER: Tweet @fazendacafejp using the hashtag #NewStuffBoston with your FAVORITE moment of the night (a line/song/photo/act,etc.) and be automatically entered to win some new (FREE) Sh!t!, Presenting, the FIRST EVER New Sh!t Show- Boston (held at the one and only Fazenda Cafe in Jamaica Plain!) Who's coming!?, November 21st! 

https://www.facebook.com/events/384908058307084/?fref=ts, Our bakers newest creation, the Earl Grey Tea Muffin is so buttery perfect, must try! Limited amount baked off every morning!, Who's taking part in our promotion at this month's Moonlighting event!?, Be sure to make it to this month's Moonlighting event… Fazenda and Boston Poetry Slam have something VERY special for you! 

https://www.facebook.com/events/451501498294104/, Launching our Turkey Harvest Sandwich, with whole berry cranberry sauce, stuffing, spinach, and our sage sweet potato spread*contains coconut milk*, null, Who's ready for the next Moonlighting event!?
Come watch the amazing Caroline Harvey and remember to sign up for the Open Mic! 

https://www.facebook.com/events/451501498294104/, Come try our fabulous Pumpkin Whoopie Pies  (with spiced cream cheese frosting)! Don't forget we have extended hours tonight due to our open mic night. You can come enjoy a whoopie pie and other fall favorites while listening to some rad poetry., This Thursday, Fazenda Cafe and Boston Poetry Slam feature 'Moonlighting'... the next edition of Queer Open Mic & Reading series featuring Tommy Pico! See you there!, Want a little taste of fall? Come into Fazenda and get a fresh pumpkin whoopie pie, a chocolate chai latté, or one of our new harvest pumpkin lattés (made with real pumpkin)!, Fazenda featured on TV DINER!! Phil and Billy Costa roast up a custom blend together, Write up in CBS local !!, Tomorrow night at Fazenda!!!, Heads up! We will have holiday hours on Monday 9/2. 
8 a.m. - 6 p.m. Stop in and treat yourself!, Who's following the Fazenda Coffee Roasters Cafe in #JamaicaPlain on #Twitter!? Keep your timeline fresh with event updates and tweets from your favorite JP Cafe! https://twitter.com/fazendacafejp  

@fazendacafejp, Our next Boston Poetry Slam event is coming up September 5th! #OpenMic night is upon us once again. Who's coming!?, Gluten-Free sandwich options being launched today! Turkey options with our awesome house made fig spread or avocado-edamame spread!, Todays Vegan donuts: Maple, and Double Chocolate.  Also restocked on Apple Spice Crullers..  Thanks to Sabertooth Vegan Bakery !!, Gluten-Free pastry options are back! And they are delicious... you can look forward to a few ready to go sandwich options within the next week too!, August is National #Picnic month. Come fill up your basket with sweet and savory treats at Fazenda in #JamaicaPlain!, Hey JP! Join us this Thursday at Fazenda Cafe, Monthly Queer Open Mic & Reading. Great place to meet new folks, hear awesome slam poetry, then walk over to the Midway for Queeraoke together to make a night of it!, Some limited features this week.... our house made Stroops ! Pair them with our current featured brew, Organic Tanzania. Very limited quantity!, What a beautiful day to stop in for some lunch and a Cold Brewed Iced Coffee! Try our Lemon Garlic Tofu sandwich, the tofu is made locally!, Who's coming to Fazenda Cafe in JP for the Moonlighting event!? Don't forget to invite your friends., Hey, Fazenda friends! Be sure to follow your favorite JP Cafe on Twitter @FazendaCafeJP, Wow! It's definitely a Frozen drink kind of day... if you haven't tried our Peanut Butter Banana Espresso Smoothie, today is the day!, Holiday hours for Thursday,July 4th: 8 a.m.- 4 p.m., Don't let the heat bring you down... we've got iced lattes, cold brew, frozen drinks... WIFI &  AC !!!!, and for a refreshing lunch..... Caprese sandwich with special reserve balsamic... yay summer!!, What are you doing on the first day of summer? How about an iced white lavendar cortado paired with our house baked lemon loaf.. yum!, Sabertooth Vegan Bakery is having a sweet contest... win a dozen donuts! Check it out..
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


WIN A FREE MIXED DOZEN VEGAN DONUTS! who doesn't wanna do that? all you have to do is "share" one of our photos & link to our page (you pick a photo! we have a lot of pictures.. or post your own if you have some!) on your timeline so maybe your friends will check us out! then email us the link and we'll pick someone to have a free dozen waiting for them to be picked up in JP this weekend! thanks & good luck! sabertoothbakery@gmail.com ♥, Sabertooth Vegan Bakery hooked us up with some awesome donuts! We've got a rotating selection throughout the week, including these......, Open Mix tonight! In addition to our usual spoken word, we've got some singer/songwriters in the mix..come by and enjoy/perform! Most welcoming crowd ever! 6:30-8:30, Tomorrow at Fazenda!
Open mic @ 6:30p.m. Stop in!, Shout out to our favorite vegan baker on national donut day, sabertooth bakery! They bake more than just donuts, oh so much more. Check them out!! 

http://www.sabertoothbakery.com, It's national doughnut day! Check out these awesome matcha doughnuts  Sabertooth Vegan Bakery baked up for us!, null, Try our fantastic new seasonal items, Iced White Lavender Cortado, and perfectly baked lemon loaf, First Thursdays @ Fazenda Cafe!
Boston Poetry Slam Presents: Moonlighting, a new open mic reading series celebrating Boston's LGBTQ community.
 6:30p.m-8:30 p.m.  This week featuring Casey Rocheteau & special appearance by Vancouver Poet Lisa Slater, Perfect lunch for this weather, new Caprese Sandwich with special reserve balsamic! Sooo good., Tonight at Fazenda Cafe !! 6:30-8:30  Special Edition Benefit open mic! Air Conditioning! Blended espresso drinks and 32oz ice cold brews... let's do this! , What a day! Our baker is on site baking off tons of specialty cookies to go with the cold brewed ice coffee you need right now! Open until 6!, 
This Thursday!!!! 6:30-8:30 p.m. Come on out to Forest hills for another night of spoken word, caffeine and baked goods. Tu Phan will be melting our brains with his smart energetic poetry. , Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there! 

New house baked goods! Almond macaroons, flour-less chocolate cookies, vegan crullers and jelly filled donuts to name a few... treat yourself, and your mom!, Raining...raining..raining..
Who cares! Come on out for some spoken word and try out our new baked goods! 6:30-8:30 tonight!, Fazenda Cafe's spoken word event on Thursdays is on fire!!!! Come out tomorrow for some coffee and poetry, what a perfect combo. 6:30-8:30p.m. Always, awesome featured poets and a welcoming crowd for you to share your own work. Let's keep this going!!  , Happy Wake Up The Earth day! Stop by on your way to the festivities for a cold brew iced coffee, JP! Come out to Fazenda Cafe RIGHT NOW to be a part of this, plus tons of delicious goodness for you to enjoy:https://www.facebook.com/events/444148115675107/, Getting ready for tomorrow nights epic open mic with.... our homemade Stroopwafels!!!!!,  This Thursday @Fazenda! Reading Series/Open Mic featuring. ... Tatyana Brown!  Poet, traveling performer, educator, organizer, and activist..right here in JP!  Don't miss this!!! , The cafe plans on opening tomorrow with our regular hours, if anything changes we will post it here., Fazenda is closed until further notice, we'll keep you posted. Stay safe folks., Stroopwafels, awesome paired with coffee, handmade at Fazenda! So good we can barely keep them stocked, come and try one and you'll see why.. mmmmmmmmm.. caramel center :), Tomorrow! Experience an All-Star Poetry Slam right here in JP! The second End of the Line Slam! Cash prizes, a chance to judge, plus sip lattes & eat tons of our housemade Stroopwafels :) 6:30-8:30 p.m. Wild, don't miss it!, If you haven't tried our house scones yet, your missing out! Always freshly baked, always awesome!, Open late tonight for spoken word open mic, come in for an after work latte!, Perfect for a rainy night! Slam poetry and hot espresso drinks, tonight 6:30-9p.m.@Fazenda, THURSDAY!!! Get your slam on without even leaving JP!

 Last week was amazing... this week is bound to be epic with members of the Cantab and Mill City Slam Teams!!

https://www.facebook.com/events/285436788256764/, It smells amazing in Fazenda Cafe right now! Roasting micro batches on our, oh so adorable, cherry red roaster allows for perfectly fine tuning our up and coming roasts. So awesome!, Last night's spoken word open mic was awesome! Big thanks to all the performers, and all who came out to have fun and support. The space felt incredible!! We'll do it again next Thursday!, Hey JP!! Spoken Word Open Mic launches tonight!!! Stop in while you're out on the town for First Thursday, it will be great times!!
https://www.facebook.com/events/516269988437328/, Tomorrow at Fazenda! 6:30-8:30p.m.  poetry open mic followed by a feature from nationally-recognized and beloved poet, Denise Jolly!, Check out our ready to go Gluten-free Turkey sango on Curtis Street Bakers Brioche! Pow! Come get one, and a cold brew iced coffee on this gorgeous day., Fazenda Cafe will be open late the first three Thursdays of the month to host a new reading series open mic. So excited for next Thursday! Stop in before heading out the the Midway :), Tomorrow morning at Fazenda.... corn-bacon muffins, baked oatmeal, and the perfect morning cup of coffee. What better way to start a Wednesday?, How about an espresso con panna with a stout whipped cream for St. Patrick's Day? Also great on Mocha's, and basically everything., Tofu Ruebens tomorrow!  Have it without cheese & xtra sauerkraut to make it vegan!, Love Fazenda Coffee Roasters? Get $2 right here, right now from LevelUp. Click here to grab it now:

https://www.thelevelup.com/c/0HZYKG, Ditch your wallet and pay with your phone at Fazenda Coffee Roasters! Get $2 the first time you pay here with LevelUp:

https://www.thelevelup.com/c/0HZYKG, Our current Sabertooth donuts, blueberry crumble! So awesome!
If you don't know about Sabertooth Vegan Bakery, you need to. https://www.facebook.com/sabertoothbakery?ref=ts&fref=ts, Craving Fazenda Coffee Roasters? Get $2 off when you pay with your phone. Join LevelUp here:

https://www.thelevelup.com/c/0HZYKG, Robots? No way, we got heart! Lattes made with care, at Fazenda, You know what's awesome in the chilly, breezy, early morning..... steamy Baked Oatmeal! dairy free at that. See you at 6 a.m.!, This just in: you can now pay with your phone at Fazenda Coffee Roasters! Grab $2 now to spend when you pay with LevelUp:

https://www.thelevelup.com/c/0HZYKG, Bacon-Corn muffins (courtesy of captain Able!), also Fig & Orange Zest Scones, Pomegranate Vegan Donuts.. at Fazenda today!, Heart beet cupcakes w/candied beet! Reward yourself for shovel duty, you deserve it!, We're back in the game folks! Todays Vegan donuts see Raspberry glaze, Espresso, & Apple crumb!, Regular hours tomorrow,  yourself mid/post shovel. See you then!, Not sure if we'll be open yet today, stay posted!, Update: Fazenda Cafe be closing at 4:30 today., Tomorrow, Sat.2/9, we plan on opening at 10a.m. Today we are staying open until 6p.m.  If circumstances change we'll post here! Meanwhile, how does a steamy bowl of soup and a ginger latte sound.... yeah!!!, Tomorrow, Sat.2/9, we plan on opening at 10a.m. Today we are staying open until 6p.m.  If circumstances change we'll post here! Meanwhile, how does a steamy bowl of soup and a ginger latte sound.... yeah!!!, Yes, we are open! Join us for lunch and lattes!, New scones made with even more love! Apple Spice and my fav, fig with orange zest! Awesome with a pour-over!, Whoa, imagine this paired with creamy latte... Chocolate Beet Hi Hat Cupcake. Your sugar high is awaiting you at Fazenda., Seriously, new addictive bakery item to love at Fazenda... Peanut Butter Chocolate Tarts!, Cold brewed ice coffee is the perfect compliment to this gorgeous afternoon, so good!, Rosemary-Black Pepper Cheese Struedels! Today at Fazenda!, Fazenda's Lemon-Garlic Tofu sandwich with our house made vegan friendly tapenade.... yes please!!!, Strawberry-Ginger muffins today!! We've still got a few left!!!, We have a handful of great hot sandwiches to warm you up, here is but one of them! Our Ham, apple, & swiss melt with caramelized onions, Fazenda will be closing at 3 today, come get your latte fix! We will open tomorrow from 8 a.m. - 6 p.m.
Happy new year friends!, It's so rainy out, come visit us and get yourself a comfort peppermint mocha! Our barista's are awaiting your company!, We will be open from 6a.m.-3p.m. Monday, Christmas Eve. Stop in for an espresso to boost you through last minute shopping, don't forget to take advantage of the last day of our bean promo! 
Closed Christmas Day, regular hours Wed. Dec.26.
Happy Holidays!!, Share the love of great locally roasted coffee for the holidays!
-Get 20% off when you buy 2 bags of beans
-3 bags gets you 20% off plus a Fazenda Mug!
-4 bags and you get your 5th for free, and a mug too!
Happy Holidays!!!, Gahh, it's so hard not to just eat all of these... but they are for YOU!! 
Roasted Veggie and Feta Gallettes with an herbed crust! Stop on by :), Are you a local artist that would like to showcase your work at Fazenda Cafe? Let us know! Email us at fazendacoffee@gmail.com, Fazenda is hosting Whisk's One Year Anniversary pop-up dinner, check it out!, If you haven't tried our Pumpkin Bread Pudding, your about to miss out!!! This batch is almost gone! Get at it!, Go ahead, ask for some of our fresh ginger syrup in your hot chocolate.... awesome for a snowy day!!!, Fazenda is hosting Whisk's first ever VEGETARIAN POP-UP!! 
THIS FRIDAY! CHECK IT OUT HERE.... 

https://twitter.com/WhiskBoston/status/271718506926596096/photo/1, Fazenda is hosting Whisk's first ever VEGETARIAN POP-UP!! 
THIS FRIDAY! CHECK IT OUT HERE.... 

https://twitter.com/WhiskBoston/status/271718506926596096/photo/1, Bring home a pumpkin whoopie pie to your mom! I am :) 
We will be open on Thanksgiving Day 6 a.m.-1p.m.
A Ginger latte before turkey day madness does sound nice. 
Happy Thanksgiving neighbors!, Try something new! Our Ginger Latte made with homemade syrup and cardamom spice! Sooo good., OMG, Baby Chocolate Beet Bunts w. Ganache and candied ginger...vegan!, Hi folks! We will be closing promptly to get our staff home safe and sound. We shall be open tomorrow, Tuesday, bright and early at our regular hours. See you then!, Sabertooth Vegan Bakery at VegFest this weekend rocking it!, Love!, Check this out this weekend, our favorite vegan bakery Sabertooth will be there!!!, How about a rockstar latte from our throw-down barista Kris and a Sabertooth Vegan Chocolate explosion donut? Yeah, we like it., null, null, We've got some awesome new items rolling out! Pumpkin Pie lattes with Maple whipped cream ( oh yes ), The Great Pumpkin Chai is back! Check out these muffins by our own Mr. Able, Apple spice. Sooo good!!!!, We've got some awesome new items rolling out! Pumpkin Pie lattes with Maple whipped cream ( oh yes ), The Great Pumpkin Chai is back! Check out these muffins by our own Mr. Able, Apple spice. Sooo good!!!!, OMG... they're back...
Pumpkin Whoopie Pies!!! And Mini's too!!!, OMG... they're back...
Pumpkin Whoopie Pies!!! And Mini's too!!!, Hi friends! Batch one of Vegan Apple Cider Donuts is going really fast! Stop in before they're gone! 
We've got some new sandwiches cooking too, and very soon, pumpkin latte time!!, Sabertooth Bakery once again out doing themselves at Fazenda, love it!!
, Our resident artist makes the best signs... :) 

We have incredible frozen espresso drinks too! Try the Fozenda, the Peanut Butter Banana Espresso, and the Mocha-O(made with Newmano's Cookies!), Yay the Lantern Festival!!!! Always awesome! Stop by Fazenda on your way to the Tower Street entrance for easy picnic Sandwiches and snacks, AT FAZENDA CAFE...., Fazenda Cafe is hosting Whisk, an amazing pop up restaurant, Thursday July 12 at 7:30 p.m.  The theme for this week is: Whisk & Jazz, with:
Five Course Tasting paired with Live Jazz!!
Wine pairing available
 Coffee Drinks by Fazenda.............. Awesome!!!
Visit http://www.whiskboston.com/ for tickets!, Showcasing photography by Alan Niebanck at Fazenda Cafe! Come by and check it out while you get your caffeine fix!, The cafe will be closed on fourth of July, see you Thursday!! Have a great holiday!, Did you know that our curried chicken salad sandwich has a touch of sweetness? It's because of our homemade secret ingredient.... stop in and we'll tell you all about it!, Today is a good day for a perfect iced latte. Just saying. Stop in and say hi!, Fazenda is hosting Whisk, a fantastic pop-up restaraunt, this Friday! Their theme for this event is SEVEN COURSES SEVEN CONTINENTS... check them out! http://www.whiskboston.com, Happy Father's Day Folks! What a lovely afternoon. We just stocked a ton of freshly roasted beans, (Thanks for roasting Phil!!) we're open until 6 so stop in and stock up! No harm in grabbing a cupcake and a cold brew
 while your at it :), Fazenda Cafe will be opening at 8a.m. Monday 5/28... we know y'all will be sleeping in! Can't wait to see you all!, LIVE THIS SUNDAY! The Boston Arts Academy and Fazenda presents: The Singers of Rythem & Voice! 3-5p.m. Whoot! Come by check out and support Boston youth skills!, It was Jen's birthday yesterday!!! Happy Birthday, Jen!, Check out some of her fabulous works at Fazenda Cafe!!
http://www.aprilclayart.com/, Mixed Media Artist April Clay is currently showcasing her work at Fazenda Cafe in JP!!! We got to meet her last year at JP Open Studios, and are so honored to have her work here. Stop in and check it out! #butterfliesinresin, Squee! String quartet live @Fazenda this Sunday 3-5p.m. Don't miss them!, Whisk at Fazenda Cafe - 10 course tasting menu., Mmmmm..om!, Mmmmm..om!, Sunday 3-5! Live music! Bring mom into Fazenda we've got some great specials and Annalise Emerick brings us her folk/pop/indie experience.“Fans of Ingrid Michaelson will feel right at home.”   What a cool way to chill with mom on Sunday! http://annaliseemerick.com/about/, What a great weekend to stop in! We've got great treats for all the moms out there.... Raspberry Mocha's with raspberry whipped cream(hot or iced!), lavender & strawberry frosted cupcakes, raspberry chocolate tarts, so much more!!!!, Don't miss SQUEE! Live string quartet at Fazenda Cafe....THIS SUNDAY! 3-5 p.m. String quartet + delicious lunch & coffee = WIN, Rooibus & Mocha Cupcake (vegan) Fazenda Cafe/Sabertooth Bakery!, Artist Matthew Zappala currently has work for sale at Fazenda Cafe. Please check him out. http://matthewzappala.com, My Politic groovin out right now!!, null, Back by demand..... Peanut Butter Banana Espresso Smoothie!!!! Pair it with a Vegan Espresso Chocolate Cupcake made for us by the ever amazing Sabertooth Bakery, you may never sleep again.
https://www.facebook.com/sabertoothbakery, This Sunday!!! MY POLITIC performs live 3-5p.m. at Fazenda Cafe! Awesome Folk/Americana
http://mypoliticmusic.blogspot.com/

http://www.myspace.com/music/player?sid=87269954&ac=now, Today at the cafe from 3-5 come see local musicians, Clear Deigns, featuring special guests., SQEE! Live String Qaurtet This Sunday at Fazenda 3-5 p.m.!, null, From 3-5 at the cafe today, Eva Walsh!, http://www.groupon.com/deals/fazenda-coffee-roasters-cafe, Fazenda Cafe Sunday Music Series - This Sunday at the Cafe form 3-5, Don't miss SQUEE! Live String Quartet at Fazenda Cafe, tomorrow 3-5p.m. Bring the kids! Grab some lunch! Here is a live shot by Valerie Anselme, check out her blog.... http://cestmoival.blogspot.com/, SQUEE! Live this Sunday 3/18 at Fazenda 3-5p.m. String Quartet and freshly roasted coffee = win., Presenting Steph Barrak., Don't forget today's performance from 3-5 featuring Steph Barrak!, Steph Barrak performs from 3-5 tomorrow at the cafe!!! Please come support your local musicians and artists and enjoy our locally roasted coffees :), Fazenda's Live Music Sunday Series continues, this Sunday 3/11 stop in to see indie singer/songwriter STEPH BARRAK and company tear it up!! 3-5 p.m. ... the perfect time for afternoon snacking and relaxing!, SQUEE! Returns! This Sunday come by and grab a bite to eat, study, and get your caffeine fix to the gorgeous live music of SQUEE, String Quartets Everywhere!, null, Ben brought some friends to jam with him!!, Ben Leddy playing acoustic and Banjo, Singing wonderfully till 5PM today. Come on down and give a listen!, This Sunday at the Cafe from 3-5, Ben Leddy!!! Please come check him out!!!
, Hey! Did y'all know we have our own mugs now??? They could be your own mugs!!! Come down and enjoy a cup or take one home :), null, Fazenda Cafe's Sunday Music Series paired with coffee roasting...  love it!!!!
Here is Phil Roasting away and The Splinters jamming out!, Live music today! The Splinters play Bluegrass, Fiddle tunes, Swing & Americana music via mandolin and guitar.... 3-5p.m. at Fazenda Cafe! Stop in for the experience! More on The Splinters at http://www.splintersmusic.com/, New at the Cafe!
This one is for my friend Omer, 
Vegan Peanut Butter Frosting! Soooo creamy and delicious! Good call Omer!, New art up at Fazenda Cafe! Here is a taste, stop in to see the whole series and please visit the artists etsy page for more awesome works!!! http://www.etsy.com/shop/kingspacelaser, Have you heard?
Our Sundays get live 3-5p.m. at Fazenda Cafe! Upcoming performers include:
2/19 The Splinters: Bluegrass, Fiddle tunes, Swing & Americana music
2/26 Ben Leddy: Americana, Folk, Rock
3/4 SQUEE!: The String Quartet returns !
Join us in appreciating our local talent! Also, our delicious espresso :), We are taking a break from Open Mic Night, we'll let you know when it's rescheduled! Thanks!, Live string quartet at the cafe!!!!
If your idea of a relaxing Sunday afternoon includes sipping an espresso while enjoying a live string quartet, come on down to Fazenda's this weekend!

Fazenda Cafe is hosting the second performance for
 SQUEE (String Quartets Everywhere)
this Sunday, Feb 12, 3pm-5pm., Don't forget about open mic Tuesdays starting TONIGHT!!! 6:30 -9!!!!, Hey All! Fazenda Coffee Roasters Cafe is starting an open mic on Tuesdays beginning next week!! We are looking for featured performers and new faces to come down and share their music here in Jamaica Plain!! We have delicious coffee roasted by us locally, great sandwiches, soups and teas! Please come join us! 
Sign up at 6:30PM music from 7-9PM, Breakfast of champions: Bacon-Corn Muffin & Mocha made with love!!!, Fazenda Cafe will be launching an open mic night in February.... If you or anyone you know would like to be a featured performer, please email at: fazendacoffee@gmail.com Attn:Jen/openmic
Thank you !, Wow... SQUEE! is killing it right now! They are here until 5p.m. don't miss it!, Do your homework with a tasty latte and live string quartet in the background, tomorrow at Fazenda Cafe! Don't miss this!

Live music at Fazenda Cafe this Sunday!!!! Strings!!!!!
SQUEE! Live at Fazenda Cafe
3pm-5pm, Sunday Jan 22, 2012, Cold=EAT SOUP!!! Our Chicken Veggie Rice is loaded with flavor and veggies, and it's gluten free! mmmmmm..... souuuup, Fazenda Cafe has Best Gluten Free Pastries in Boston courtesy of Curtis Street Bakers!
Newest addition: coffee crumb cake, hands down amazing!, Live music at Fazenda Cafe this Sunday!!!! Strings!!!!!
SQUEE!  Live at Fazenda Cafe
3pm-5pm, Sunday Jan 22, 2012

SQUEE! (String QUartets EverywherE!) takes over Fazenda Cafe this Sunday, Jan 19, 3pm-5pm.
SQUEE! musicians believe that live string quartet music rocks pretty much everywhere - from the T to your local pub. While you may find these players on stage with the Rhode Island Philharmonic or the Boston Modern Orchestra Project other nights of the week, this Sunday they are dedicating the afternoon to their neighbors and their love of the leisurely cafe hang.
Come join us!

Featuring Sarah Darling (viola), Sharon Cohen (violin), Michal Shein (cello) and Shaw Pong Liu (violin)., 4 Words.....    Chocolate cake, espresso-maple frosting  ... and it's  dairy-free!!, Fazenda Cafe is open today, 1/1/12 until 6p.m. and Monday 1/2/12 we are open from 8 a.m. - 6 p.m.  Stop in and get some coffee to kick-start your year!, I can't decide whether to start of 2012 with a Bacon-Corn Muffin or our awesome Dairy-free Baked Oatmeal.... maybe I will just default to a Mini Pumpkin Whoopie Pie until I decide.  Wow., Limited time only, Coffee Cardamom Fudge!, Come see Santa Tomorrow at Fazenda Cafe from 3-4p.m.!!!, Our Vegan Chocolate Cake just got an upgrade with icing and a dusting of cocoa powder...... pair with Soy Peppermint mocha = awesometown, Saturday Dec.17 from 3-4p.m. Santa will be at Fazenda Cafe!, Vegan Chocolate Cake! Come by quick, limited availability because I can't stop eating it, it's awesome!, This Saturday we will be making cappuccinos at the THE RODMAN RIDE FOR KIDS 9th Annual Celebration. A charity raising funds for youth-focused social service agencies that support at-risk kids in Massachusetts. Check it out! 

http://rodmanrideforkids.org/celebration-for-kids.php, Happy holidays all! We are so grateful to be a part of this awesome community!, We are getting close to the end of our PUMPKIN WHOOPIE PIE season! Stop in on Thanksgiving and bring some home to your family before they go! We will be open on Thanksgiving from 8-12!, Whoo-hoo!, Finally! Roasting in house begins!, Whoot! Hot Healthy Breakfast to take to work, DAIRY FREE BAKED OATMEAL!!!, 3 Bean Vegan/Gluten Free Chilli! If you are not vegan/g-free a delicious pairing to the chilli: Herb & Parmesan Bisquit,  super delicious and steamy!, Happy Halloween from Fazenda!, Way cute Newman'O Owl Cupcakes from Fazenda... Whooot! Limited time only so stop in and get some for your Halloween party!, The Great Pumpkin Chai! With a dash of cinnamon, this has been one of our most coveted seasonal drinks to warm up with. We love it as a Dirty Pumpkin Chai by adding a shot of espresso!, Pour-Over experience at home!, Locally Roasted Coffee Beans... check, Awesome barista to grind your beans...check, sweet tools to bring the experience home with you...check!, Check it out, our Vegetarian Sausage breakfast sandwich on an artisan wheat english muffin. Note the awesome Avocado-Edamame Spread, a special Fazenda recipe. The best part is, we serve breakfast all day!, For centuries, coffee has been praised for its invigorating properties. And it is truly healthy for you. Coffee stimulates the flow of blood in the brain and decreases mental fatigue. It rouses the mental faculties., The cafe is now open until 6! Stop in after a long day of work and enjoy a hot Candy Apple Cider! One of our newest seasonal offerings., Our awesome breakfast sandwiches just got even better! Now served on Sugar Baking Co. english muffins from Roslindale!, Feeling noncommital? We understand, that's why we are now also offering our Pumpkin Whoopie Pies as minis!, Come in and enjoy our newest addition, Vegan pumpkin spice bread! Awesome with a Dirty Soy Chai Latte!, Drinking a couple of cups of coffee a day could help women lower their chances of developing depression. 

Harvard School of Public Health researchers say that Women who drank two to three cups of caffeinated coffee a day had a 15 percent decreased risk of depression. If they drank four or more cups, they were 20 percent less likely to get depressed., Hey JP!!! Don't forget to hit up Jamaica Plain Open Studios today & tomorrow! Show   support for our awesome community of artists, more info at www.jpopenstudios.com, Two-thirds of Americans drink coffee, according to an Opinion Research Corporation International. Most do so within an hour of waking up, and 65% drink an average of 13 cups of coffee per week., A must try for a vegan lunch sandwich! Lemon-garlic Tofu with hummus, tapenade, and fresh green peppers!, GLUTEN-FREE Turkey Avocado on Curtis Street Bakers' Boule roll! Wrapped in our case and waiting for YOU!, Ready for fall? How about our new Pumpkin Whoopie Pie filled with a spiced cream cheese filling, baked fresh at Fazenda!, Perfect for a chilly Sunday morning! Cafe con panna and a Green Chile Cheddar Corn Muffin! Yummm!, Up for something new? How about a Peanut Butter-Banana Muffin on a Wed.morning?! Pair it with a rockstar latte, #thatsagoodday, Rain, more rain, gah! On the bright side, we've got delicious mochas to warm you up, free wi-fi to get that homework done...and tomorrow, Apple cinnamon muffins! #atleastthegardenishappy, A cup of coffee as individual as you are..well, almost #pouroverforlife, Hi folks, we will be closing at 2p.m. Sunday, and will be closed on Monday in observance of Labor Day..see you soon!, Shout out to Curtis Street Bakers who supply our #glutenfreegoodness..they rule!, Whoa! For Thursday, In addition to our Maine Blueberry, and Raisin Bran muffins we will be baking off some CORN w/BACON and CHEDDAR!! Limited quantity so get in early!!!, We will be closing the cafe in JP at noon today (Sunday, 8/28/11), also the mbta is shut down for the day. See you Monday!, Yes! We will be open Sunday, as of now, stay tuned for updates. Irene won't stop the latte art!, Our Vegan friendly granola is awesome with soymilk, or as a topping on our fresh fruit parfaits! Come in and try a sample!, Stop in to see all new works by our featured local artist, Natasha Nolan!, Our new frozen drinks are up!!! Try our Mocha-O, it has a delicious espresso base blended with organic Newman-o cookies!!!!! It's awesome!, Congratulations to Natasha Nolan, for a lovely art opening this evening at Fazenda Cafe! Her work will be displayed throughout the month for those of you that missed the opening tonight. Come on in and check it out!, The weather is crazy! Fazenda is a great place to get out of the rain, relax and  enjoy an individualized pour-over coffee by one of our great baristas!  Enjoy some of our home made bread pudding, let us warm it up for you and top it off with some of our house vanilla whipped cream. So good!, Another great menu addition! Egg whites, roasted tomato, feta cheese, and spinach in a whole wheat wrap.... perfect for a light and tasty breakfast sandwich!, Great New things happening at our Jamaica Plain Cafe! We are now offering our house made Vegan friendly granola in two sizes for you to enjoy at home... also now offering cereal sizes with soymilk as a great day starter!, as today is one of the first days in a while that is not oppressively hot, we're noticing that fazenda fans have returned to a good 'ol cup of hot coffee this morning...today's dark is a french roast and the light roast is colombia., This week's rotating selection of VEGAN MUFFINS: Mango Banana & Banana with Strawberries and Ginger!!, stormy saturday morning = perfect time to get a latte and read the paper., Try our Gluten-Free Breakfast Sandwich! Egg and Sharp Cheddar on Brioche baked by Curtis Street Bakers! Sooo good! Add our Avocado-Edamame Spread for even more deliciousness!, Good Morning, Fazenda fans! Just a heads up...we launched a new breakfast sandwich menu this morning! Additions include egg whites, English muffins, and Vegan goodies. 

Come try it out!, Aside from the regular goodies, we decided to get crazy and make oreo cupcakes! Come try one!, Just in case you were wondering, we're playing all 90's music this fine Saturday morning. So come get a coffee in honor of the good 'ol days. *insert generic 1990's lingo here* #simpletimes, Strawberry Ginger Muffins are back for Friday morning! YES!, Sausage, egg, and extra sharp cheddar on a whole wheat English Muffin. What a zany sandwich. #startyourdayright, We just added English Muffins to our breakfast menu (white and wheat)! They are so deliciously delectable. Try them with any of our breakfast delights! We recommend the Veggie Sausage Egg and Avocado Edamame sandwich. Yum!, Gluten Free baked goods coming in Wed. morning from Curtis Street Bakers in Somerville !!!, IT IS SO HOT OUT!

come get a cold brew. perhaps a muffin?, It's a holiday weekend! Be sure to stop by for a muffin and a cup of freshly brewed coffee! #onsundaymorning, *drum-roll please*...introducing two new sandwiches to our menu....Roasted Turkey, Granny Smith Apple, and Brie. And Albacore Tuna, Fresh Tarragon, and Seasonal Greens.

If you don't come try one, we'll be upset. So come get one!, If you don't stop by Tuesday morning, you'll have to wait for the next batch of
Gluten-Free goodness to arrive! These Gluten-Free baked goods are of incomparable tastiness! Really!, Here are a few reasons to get your galoshes on and head over to Fazenda Cafe in JP this Saturday:
New local art going up!
Strawberry-ginger muffins! 
Delicious hot mochas, and 
Gluten free treats!, Pear-Ginger Muffins for Thursday morning! Yes!!!!, Hey all you Fazenda Fans! Check out today's Boston Globe and check out the profile on our new cafe! http://bo.st/jvNtAR, Up next for Wed.6/22: Carrot-ginger muffins topped with golden raisins.. these won't last long!!, Hey Adrian Emberley Band! We're so excited for your CD Release Party tonight at All Asia in Cambridge! Get ready for some Colombia Cold Brew iced coffee and some good times! Iced Irish coffee anyone?, Freshly baked in-house Blueberry and Corn Muffins! Get 'em while they're still warm!, Fazenda Cafe hosts local artists for monthly showings of their work! Let us know if you are a JP artist looking to hang your art!, Cakeology just stopped by and dropped off some delicious cupcakes! Come check them out!, null, Almond Bread Pudding Muffins!

Come in and try them with some whipped cream - you'll be glad you did!, Today's featured lunch....

-Chicken, avocado-edamame spread (made in house!), apple-wood smoked bacon, and Vermont Sharp Cheddar.

-Route 11 Sweet Potato Chips (wheat and gluten free!)

-Gosling's All Natural Ginger Beer (so refreshing!)

Stop by for our great made-to-order sandwiches and more!, Today's muffins (in order of appearance)...

-Corn
-Chocolate-Hazelnut
-Maine Blueberry-Strawberry
-Maine Blueberry, Chocolate-Hazelnut Muffin and a latte on a rainy Saturday morning...the definition of perfect., Today's cold brew iced coffee is a Colombia Vienna Roast. So good! Pair that with our Maine blueberry muffins and you'll be good-to-go!, What's that?!

Triple berry (blueberry, raspberry, blackberry) pie with homemade whipped cream?!

Take our word for it....wow., Today's muffins:

-Maine blueberry 
-Maine blueberry and strawberry
-Corn 
-Ginger and pear, Say hello to one of our newest sodas -- Tower Root Beer. No promises, but a Tower Root Beer float with local vanilla ice cream sounds amazing, doesn't it?, What is your favorite iced beverage?, null, Gourmet coffee meets artisanal soda. It was only a matter of time., We're happy to say, Purists Welcome!, null, Next time you're in the area, stop on by for a refreshing, super fresh Spindrift Soda to quench your thirst. Ahhhhhh!, We're baking some delicious ginger and pear muffins, try one today with a refreshing cold-brewed iced coffee!, Happy Memorial Day Weekend! Relax, recharge, remember!, Did you know that we serve fresh, delicious paninis alongside coffee, tea and other specialty beverages in our JP Cafe?, Happy Friday!!! You made it through another week., It turns out, women are not the only ones that benefit from drinking coffee. , Have you heard? New research suggests that coffee may reduce a woman's risk of one type of breast cancer., Soon all Mass Farmers Markets will be open! What are you most excited about this season? , Calling all photographers! Take and post a picture of your favorite beverage in our JP Cafe and the winning artist will receive the next cup on us., Welcome new fans! We're hoping you're enjoying our fresh roasted coffee!, How do you like your coffee?, Grab a cup of our delicious hot (or cold if you're brave) coffee and head down to the Arnold Arboretum of Harvard University for a brisk walk!, Have you had a chance to visit our new cafe on 3710 Washington Street in Jamaica Plain? We invite you for a cup of coffee, tea, smoothie or fresh pastry. Why not stop by today!, Come on down: our JP Cafe is open today! We've got coffee, tea, fresh baked pastries & smoothies. Hours: 6-6 Mon-Fri and 8-5 Sat & Sun., The anticipation is brewing...oh wait, that's the coffee :) We can't wait to open our cafe shortly - stay tuned and thanks for your patience!, Hello JP - we're hoping to open our cafe soon, featuring small batch-roasted coffee with a sandwich and pastry menu - stay tuned!, We're at the New England Food Show today & tomorrow brewing individual coffees on Tru Bru and Siphon Brewers. Stop by for a great cup of coffee!, We see a lot of our favorites on the Munch Madness list: Bondir Restaurant, Franklin Cafe and Flour: Spectacular Recipes from Boston's Flour Bakery + Cafe. Vote for yours today!, Quitting coffee? Perhaps you should reconsider., When was the last time you enjoyed a good, quality cup of coffee at a restaurant, cafe or hotel? Fresh, locally roasted coffee makes all the difference! , Funny or sad? , Does your current restaurant, cafe or hotel coffee vendor provide fresh, locally roasted beans, equipment and top-notch service? If they're not up par - we're here to help!, <3 Happy Valentine's Day <3 hope it's a sweet one!, For the best steak house in the North Shore head on over to Mission Oak Grill in Newburyport. We hear the coffee isn't too shabby either!, Who likes these weekly snowstorms? And can guess where this picture was taken?, If you're in Boston for the Yankee Dental Congress at Massachusetts Convention Center Authority > Hi & sorry for all the snow. Please stop by for a delicious cup of latte to warm up!, A riddle for a snowy day: snow and shoveling go together like coffee and... (best response gets a free bag of our coffee)!, Happy National Coffee Break Day! Why not enjoy a delicious, hot cup right now?, Ok - who's ready for more snow on Friday?, Cold? Warm up with a great cup of coffee and pastries at Quebrada Baking Co.  in Arlington & Wellesley. , Our weekend recommendation? Check out La Morra  Restaurant in Brookline, for their homemade Italian pasta, outstanding wine selection & great coffee :) Buon appetito!, More good news about coffee!, Monday and coffee goes together like..., I have just installed the Constant Contact Labs - Join My Mailing List application!, Enjoying a tasting of Ethiopian and Peruvian coffee with the fabulous Joanne of Flour Bakery+Cafe. Stop by any of their three locations for a tasty treat!, What are your New Year's resolutions, goals and aspirations? Is to eat seasonal and local for good health? As a local coffee roaster we salute you and wish you many yummy milestones in 2011!, Wishing our customers, our fans and our partners a Happy Holiday Season and a successful New Year., Local Gifts (& Coffee) Galore at Annual SBN Holiday Party & Auction: Tuesday, Dec 7th at 7 pm at WBUR 90.9 FM via Boston Local Food Festival . See you there! 
, Have asthma? Drinking coffee, some experts say, can reduce your symptoms., Are you following the U.S. Food and Drug Administration Food Safety Modernization Bill debate in the Senate? This informative article by Pollan and Schlosser explains why you should., Wishing everyone an enjoyable, safe, delicious, peaceful and happy Thanksgiving. Gobble, gobble, gobble!, We had a fun and busy weekend: a tasting of our Guatemalan coffee at Dorset Café on Friday, followed by a sampling at Farfalle Italian Market and a training at Bondir Restaurant on Saturday. What did you do?, Are you enjoying a great cup of coffee? What makes it just right?, Grab a cup of coffee and check out this inspiring trailer! , Check out a recent story from Public Radio Kitchen on roasters in the Berkshires. When PRK loops back around to the Boston area we'd love to show & tell them about our locally roasted, fresh coffee beans as well!, null, We like this song - hope you enjoy it too! , Congrats - is there a tasting?, A spotlight on La Morra Ristorante, where you can experience traditional Northern Italian cuisine and locally roasted fresh coffee in Brookline. , Getting ready to taste some new coffees! Can you smell the freshly ground coffee aroma?, We love this lady and urge you to tune in or listen to the program on-demand later. , We made the Boston Globe, and on the first page no-less. Thanks to Cafenation in Brighton for the recognition and commitment to the local flavor!, Hang out at cafés? Looking for that someone special? Well, then you're in luck!
, Hello coffee lovers -> check out this report from the HSPH on possible health benefits of drinking java below.
, Serving locally roasted, fresh cappuccinos’ and latte's at Boston Local Food Festival this past Saturday. Thanks to everyone who came out!, Join Us at the Boston Local Food Festival this Saturday and help us raise cups to support Project Bread - Walk for Hunger., Visit us this Saturday from 11- 5 at Boston's Fort Point Channel for a free and only event dedicated to celebrating local food!

http://bostonlocalfoodfestival.com/, The new Taza Chocolate Factory is now open for tours! Go for a visit, then stop by our site afterwards: www.fazendacoffee.com/chocolate, Hello new fans and friends. If you're on Twitter please join the conversation with @FazendaCoffee, Now that cooler weather is upon us - who's switching back to hot coffee?, What do you think: do Java & Wi-Fi go together?, Congrats and best wishes to Davio's Atlanta - which brews and serves our coffee!, Do you like stand-up coffee bars? Why or why not?, Interesting story on how weather and customer demand play a part in how much coffee costs and what to expect., Did you get to experience a really great cup of coffee recently? What made it stand out?, null, Did you know that we supply delicious Taza Chocolate to cafes and restaurants? For more info check out our page: http://www.fazendacoffee.com/chocolate/., Heading out to dinner tonight? Then check out Chez Henri for their famous Latin Dinner Series and our delicious, locally brewed coffee. Bon appetit amigos!, This is shaping out to be a great event - stay tuned for more info., Good news coffee drinkers!, Our Top Barista Phil at the SBN's Tuesday event serving great coffee and chatting with folks!, For more, visit us on Twitter @fazendacoffee, We're excited to be a part of this event and look forward to providing samples of our delicious, locally roasted and brewed coffee for all to enjoy. See you at the show!, We're looking for a barista to help serve our coffee at a major conference hall in Boston. Please let us know if you or someone you know is interested., A warm welcome to our new customer The Haven, a Scottish restaurant and bar in JP, which opened up a couple of weeks ago., I hope you're keeping cool with an iced coffee, latte or frappe. Stay cool and enjoy your day!, null, It's 3 pm EST - do you know where your coffe is?, BTW - we're also on Twitter - please follow us!, Welcome to our new company Page, please visit our website and "Like" us on Facebook!)