List(It sounds like another Portage Lakes restaurant might be closing up shop.  While not the most frequented establishment, the Asian Gardens Restaurant & Tea Room has a loyal following thanks for their good food., It sounds like another Portage Lakes restaurant might be closing up shop.  While not the most frequented establishment, the Asian Gardens Restaurant & Tea Room has a loyal following thanks for their good food., Winter wonderland on Rex Lake this morning.  Reply with photos of what it looks like out your window., The Dano's Lakeside Pub property at 3910-3920 S Main St with the A-frame house was just listed for sale for $652,500.  For clarity, Dano just leased the property.  Insurance on the building would have gone to the property owner.  For anyone interested the MLS ID is 3769111., For the 64th year, the Portage Lakes Kiwanis Club will man their sleighs on Christmas Eve for its Santa Delivery of gifts to children in the Portage Lakes area. It started in 1951 with a small group of men and only one sleigh, and has grown to a fleet of 15 sleighs and Santa teams with more than 150 volunteers, covering nearly all of Coventry Township and the City of New Franklin.

To participate in the Santa Delivery, families can drop off their wrapped gift packages at several area businesses by Friday, December 18.  The Coventry Fire Department and Kiwanis Civic Center are the only two location available for drop off until 5 pm on December 21.  See more locations and details at www.plkiwanis.org., Craftsmen Park has launched a fundraising campaign to help them meet the terms of an agreement to pay $6,030 a month for five years to take care of the back taxes.  To donate to the Craftsmen Park Relief Fund, visit www.craftsmenpark.com or email relieffund@craftsmenpark.com., Prepping for the fireworks show tonight on Rex Lake at 9:30 PM as part of the Rotary Camp for Children with Special Needs Regatta Fundraiser.  The show will run 12-15 minutes and if you enjoy the fireworks or want to support the cause, you can donate any amount at: https://app.etapestry.com/onlineforms/AkronRotaryCamp/Regatta.html, Akron ranks at the top of the list of most affordable cities in the United States.  Does that also mean we're getting a great deal living in the awesome Portage Lakes?, Wednesday, Sept 16th is your last chance to register for the 2nd Rotary Camp for Children with Special Needs Regatta – An Evening of Jazz on the Lake. The event will be at their beautiful facilities and will feature cocktails, jazz, food, and fireworks on Saturday, Sept 26th! All proceeds from this event will help the camp to continue making a difference in the lives of special needs children and their families throughout Northeast Ohio. Click the link to register today! http://www.akronymca.org/RotaryCamp/Regatta_Fundraiser/, The Goodyear Blimp hanging around the lakes and enjoying this beautiful afternoon!, There has been a revision to the Portage Lakes Boat Parade route.  Mariner's Point Cove on West Reservoir has been added.  The revised part of the route is shown in pink on the map.  Residents of this area (and any area of the lake) are strongly encouraged to get entries together for next year's parade, as the only thing that will keep the event from being cancelled is good entries., Something new for today's Portage Lakes Boat Parade ... a People’s Choice Award!  Text just the two digit number of your favorite entry to 330-577-3625.  Only one vote per phone, or your votes won't be counted.  Prizes are awarded in five other categories, but your votes will determine the 1st, 2nd and 3rd place for People's Choice which is worth $300, $200, $100., Here's the route map with approximate times for tomorrow's Portage Lakes Boat Parade.  We hope to see you on the route and join us for the Awards Ceremony at Howies on the Lake at 6:00PM on Saturday., We're looking forward to some creative entries in the Portage Lakes Boat Parade on Saturday, July 4.  This Santa Sleigh entry from 2012 might have ranked high in creativity (being judged by parade sponsor Diamond Tires) but it all depends where the judges are, as Santa didn't make it thru the whole parade route in his sleigh.  There are five judging categories this year for floats to win multiple prizes., With the weather drying out, there are four days to work on your Portage Lakes Boat Parade entry and share some of the $3,500 in prize money.  The parade starts Saturday, July 4 at 1:00PM.  Enter today at Kieffer Marine Inc.  Many thanks to our sponsors Sully's Tool & Party Rental, On Tap at the Harbor, Dietz's Landing/Club Marxx, Diamond Tires, Danos Lakeside Pub, Howies on the Lake and Upper Deck Bar & Grill., Awesome display of Portage Lakes spirit tonight supporting the wonderful crew of Dano's Lakeside Pub!, There is a Dano's Fundrasier at Dusty's Landing (4764 Dusty's Rd) on Friday, June 26 at 7:00PM. Everyone is encouraged to bring a covered dish and wear your Dano's gear. Dano's has a fond place in our hearts thanks to the wonderful staff and the incomparable Dano Mundy. Now it's our chance to support them as they deal with this devastating fire. Thank goodness there were no injuries., With over $3,500 in prize money plus a fun theme of the Awesome 80's, why are you waiting to enter this year's Boat Parade.  July 4, 2015 from 1:00-3:20 PM., Here's the schedule for this summer's major events around Portage Lakes.  The 40th Annual Portage Lakes Boat Parade will feature thousands in prize money.  Please consider entering and follow that page for more details., The choice is yours!  The Portage Lakes Boat Parade is looking for your input in choosing the theme of this year's parade.  The parade will be held on Saturday July 4th, 2015 from 1:00-3:20 PM., The Akron Yacht Club will be hosting the Greater Akron Area Boat Dealers Boat Show this weekend.  Participating Dealers Include: Portage Lakes Marine, Boat Masters Marine, Buckeye Sports, Pat's Boats, Ravenna Marine, and Vic's Sports Center.  Admission is only $2, free for 13 and younger.  Hours: Saturday, May 9th, 11AM-8PM, Sunday, May 10th, 12PM-4PM, The Portage Lakes Historical Society is hosting an open house this Tuesday, April 14 at 7:00pm at the Akron Rotary Camp (4460 Rex Lake Dr).  Come out and view 1907-1930 photo displays and memorabilia from Camp Mudjekeewis, Akron Rotary Camp, East Reservoir 1913 Dam Break, Akron YMCA "Gypsies", and Camp Inawendewin.  Light refreshments and public welcome., Nicoletti's Park Place which was formerly Hook Line & Drinkers is being auctioned off on Thursday, April 30., The old White Rhino / Blue Swan / Froggy's is being demolished this week.  The land is still for sale and has water and sewer.  What do you think should be done with the place?, Over 60 "Ice Riders" took a tour of West Reservoir, West Claw, Mud Lake and Turkeyfoot Lake tonight.  It was an impressive assembly of snowmobiles and ATVs., Aerial video from Saturday's Polar Bear Jump.  Talk about fun (700+ jumpers) and philanthropy ($100,000+ raised)!  This event is a great reason to love Portage Lakes!, The Portage Lakes Polar Bear Jump is 6 hours away.  It's at the State Park Beach and registration opens at 12 noon.  Come on out for this great PLX event and support this year's charity the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank., Do you know the difference between these swans?  ODNR has been managing the non-native mute swans around Portage Lakes for a few years in order to create a more hospitable environment for native species, such as trumpeter swan.  There have been some trumpeters (black bill with red border on lower mandible) present on Long Lake Channel the last few weeks, and here's a photo of a trumpeter and a mute swan (orange bill with black knob).  Thanks to Frayed Knots Photography for the great photo!, The Polar Bear Jump is two weeks from today.  Register NOW to be part of this great event and help raise over $100,000 once again: http://www.portagelakespolarbearclub.com/register.html, Tonight is the last night Dietz's Landing/Club Marxx will be open.  They will close for two months and reopen on April 1 under new ownership.  Will the vibrant colors remain?, O - H ...

Congratulations to the National Champions!, The lake is frozen folks!  But it's not too thick yet and there are a couple of open duck holes.  Be careful out there!  3" is needed for one cross-country skier, 5" for one snowmobile, 7" for group activities and 9" for several snowmobiles., What's your outlook on 2015?  Do you consider the lakes to be half frozen or half open water?  Happy New Year Portage Lakes!, The 2015 edition of the Portage Lakes Calendar makes a great Christmas gift.  You can still get yours at Acme Fresh Market on Manchester Rd at the Customer Service Desk, Guiseppe's Pizza, Dano's Lakeside Pub, Dietz's Landing/Club Marxx, and Nauti Vine Winery., The trees on the island in West Reservoir that served as a nesting site for double-crested cormorants have been cut down.  About 70 pairs of cormorants occupied the trees on the island., Looks like the Old White Rhino may be gone, but what would you like to see go in this space?, Guppies Restaurant at Hohman's Landing by the Clocktower is temporarily closed after just 14 months.  They're re-opening Friday, December 5th with new management and a new menu.  What does a restaurant need to do to keep you coming back?, DID YOU KNOW: From 1927 to 1983, every balloon in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade was fabricated by the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company in Akron, Ohio., Congratulations to Angel Tait who was the winner of the naming contest for the shopping plaza now known at Clock Tower Landing.  Coincidentally, Angel is the owner of Hair Gallery 101 that is located in the plaza.  Thanks to everyone who contributed as we had over 150 submissions to the contest back in June., If the snowman sees his shadow, does that mean winter has arrived six weeks early?, Comment with the letter of your choice for favorite photo from the 2015 Portage Lakes Calendar.  During the week you selected the winner from each season, now the final four battle it out for overall winner.  Get your calendar today at Kieffer Marine Inc., Guiseppe's Pizza, Dano's Lakeside Pub, Nauti Vine Winery, Dietz's Landing/Club Marxx, Krieger's Market, Phabulous Phil's, or Acme Fresh Market on Manchester Road., "Like" your favorite photo from the fall months in the 2015 Portage Lakes Calendar. Each day there will be voting for the best of each season, then on Sunday the four winning photos will go head-to-head for your overall favorite., "Like" your favorite photo from the summer months in the 2015 Portage Lakes Calendar. Each day there will be voting for the best of each season, then on Sunday the four winning photos will go head-to-head for your overall favorite., "Like" your favorite photo from the spring months in the 2015 Portage Lakes Calendar. Each day there will be voting for the best of each season, then on Sunday the four winning photos will go head-to-head for your overall favorite., "Like" your favorite photo from the winter months in the 2015 Portage Lakes Calendar.  Each day there will be voting for the best of each season, then on Sunday the four winning photos will go head-to-head for your overall favorite., If you ever see the pink ladies paddling the Portage Lakes in a long canoe and wonder about their story ... you can read about it here in an article from ESPN-W., For those enjoying the fall boating season:
 - The Iron Channel will be closed intermittently from 7am to 4pm on October 7-8 for operation and inspection of the gate.
 - The lake level will NOT be lowered this fall.
 - After Labor Day, the speed zone hours end at sunset., 360° view of sunset over Turkeyfoot Lake., The same website that named New Franklin and Green the two most boring cities in Ohio has finally given the lakes some recognition.  Portage Lakes is #11 on their list of things people from Akron have to explain to out-of-towners., It was a foggy start to today's Portage Lakes Triathlon, but it's beautiful weather for the cycling and running part of the event., The City of Green is taking applications from the public to lease and run the historic Levi Hartong farmstead, which includes a beautiful farmhouse, a barn and several out-buildings, a pond, pasture and 15 acres of tillable land. The farm can be used for any sustainable agricultural practice from livestock to fruit and vegetable farming.  Applications are due October 24, 2014., The lakes were empty this evening, so many missed this gorgeous sunset ... probably because it was almost kickoff for the Buckeyes' game against Virginia Tech., This morning's weather report says that the fog is burning up off Turkeyfoot Lake and it's going to be a beautiful 83° day today., With today being the unofficial last day of summer, some people are already dreading winter.  According to the 2015 Farmers’ Almanac, this winter will see below-normal temperatures for most of the US with the most frigid temperatures from the Northern Plains into the Great Lakes. The coldest outbreak of the season will come during the final week of January into the beginning of February. As the frigid air blows across the Great Lakes, snow showers and squalls will drop heavy amounts of snow to the lee of the Lakes., In just five days Portage Lakes will crown this year's Ice Cream and Pizza Eating Champions! Come out to Howies on the Lake on Saturday, August 16 at 2:00pm and watch for free. There will also be a silent and Chinese auction to benefit the March of Dimes Akron/Canton. Entry for either contest is $10, call 216-503-8418 or e-mail spinter@marchofdimes.com to register., ATTENTION LAKERS: The PLX Summer Challenge will be held on Saturday, August 16 at Howies on the Lake. It will feature a Pizza Eating Contest sponsored by Guiseppe's Pizza where contestants will have 30 minutes to finish the 10" PLX Monster Pizza.  The first one to do so wins. The event will also include the second annual PLX Ice Cream Eating Contest sponsored by Pav's Creamery. The objective is to eat as much ice cream as you can in 5 minutes.  Entry for either contest is $10 and attendance is free for spectators.  There will also be a silent and Chinese auction to benefit the March of Dimes Akron/Canton., What a lovely evening for a sunset cruise tonight!, One person was injured today after a jet ski caught fire in Portage Lakes around 6:30 on Thursday evening.  No swans were injured or killed in this incident., Perfect day for a water fight!, It feels like a fall morning with a chill in the air and fog rising from the lakes.  It should be a beautiful day, and we're looking forward to temperatures in the mid-80's on Saturday and Sunday.  How do you plan on enjoying this weekend?, Nauti Vine Winery opened one year ago today.  The transformation they've made to 3950 S Main St is quite impressive ... don't you agree?, This weekend is the 4th Annual Portage Lakes Kiwanis Pirate's Days.  Rain or shine the Pirates will be out in the Portage Lakes.  The full schedule is attached, and be sure to bring the kids and grandkids to the State Park Beach on Saturday from 11-3 for the Treasure Hunt and boat rides to Pirate Island., Here's a video of a close race from yesterday's Dragons on the Lake Dragon Boat Festival .  A wonderful event put on by a wonderful organization, the Dragon Dream Team.  It never too early to start thinking about putting together a team for next year's event!, Great day for the Dragons on the Lake Dragon Boat Festival today!  Come on out and see the racing which goes until about 3:00.  Championship races begin at 2:30.  Go to the State Park Beach at 5031 Manchester Road., Rainbow this evening seen from the Tudor House., Photos from the daytime boat parade on July 5, 2014., Another great show!  Here's video of the last three minutes of last night's fireworks.  Remember that you make it happen.  Visit www.PLFA.net to support the fireworks.  Thanks to the Portage Lakes Fireworks Committee for a splendid performance!, We hope everyone has their spot picked out for tonight's fireworks show!  These two even have their ear protection all ready!, Everyone have a great 4th of July and save up some energy for all the events around Portage Lakes tomorrow!, null, Photos from Portage Lakes Light Up the Lakes 2014., Great day today for the Antique Boat Show!  We're looking forward to Light Up the Lakes tonight!, This website ranked 173 Ohio cities with a population of at least 10,000 people and New Franklin came out with the dubious honor as the absolute most boring location.  They Green was next on the list.  If Coventry were a city, they probably would've ranked them in the top three.  We think the editors of this site need to come spend some time on the lakes so we can show them what it's all about!, After checking out the Antique Boat show, head over to the North Reservoir boat launch ramp on State Mill Road for MartinFest from 2-4pm on Saturday, June 28.  The 13th annual event, presented by the Portage Lakes Purple Martin Association, will offer a close-up look at purple martins, which help control the mosquito and insect population around the lakes., The Portage Lakes Light Up the Lakes 2014 nighttime boat parade is just one week from today on Saturday, June 28.  The parade starts at dusk near the Rotary Camp for Children with Special Needs on Rex Lake, then circles Turkeyfoot, goes up to the Harbor and ends back at Dietz's Landing/Club Marxx.  With prizes of $1,000, $500 and $250, sign-up today by calling 330-703-2732., Mark your calendars for the 39th Annual Portage Lakes Antique Boat Show to be held on Saturday, June 28 from 9am-3pm.  Admission is free and it will be held at Nicoletti's Park Place and On Tap at the Harbor., Tuesday's Akron Beacon Journal had a nice article on outdoor dining around Akron that mentioned our Portage Lakes favorites Nauti Vine Winery, Howies on the Lake, On Tap at the Harbor, and Nicoletti's Park Place.  Please share the word about all the lakes have to offer!, In with the new!  Portage Lakes Commerce Center has been undergoing some extensive renovations over the past several months.  To go along with the new look and new amenities, they are looking for a new name.  Got names?  Comment below with you suggestion for a new name for the complex.  The winner will receive a $100 gift card for Amazon., The dragons are returning to Portage Lakes State Park when the Dragon Dream Team hosts their second annual dragon boat competition.  Mark your calendar for Saturday, July 12 when the Dragons on the Lake Dragon Boat Festival will take place.  Secure a spot for your team or come to watch exhilarating dragon boat racing.  More information is available at www.DragonDreamTeam.org., The Great Lakes Championship for National One Design sailboats will be held this weekend.  The Turkeyfoot Lake speed-zone will be closed on Saturday from 10am-4pm and as normal on Sunday from 10am-2pm.  Come out and watch at Howies on the Lake or Portage Lakes State Park off Manchester Road., Another beautiful day to enjoy Portage Lakes!  As we celebrate Memorial Day, remember to pay tribute to those who have given their lives in our nation's wars., Saving the mute swans around Portage Lakes has been a hot topic lately.  Here's an article on a sad death involving swans that lead to a lawsuit claiming that the defendants “knew or should have known that mute swans are strongly territorial with a dangerous propensity to attack.”  http://my.chicagotribune.com/#section/-1/article/p2p-79935997/, As boating season gets underway, boaters should see fewer arbitrary stops by the Sheriff and Watercraft Officers due to the Boater Freedom Act that was signed in July.  The legislation reins in local and state officers from boarding local pleasure and charter boats unless there is a reasonable suspicion laws are being broken.  Read more here: http://s.cleveland.com/SzviU1i, If you're looking for something to do this Thursday evening (May 1), head out to the 2nd Annual Taste of Coventry at Prime 93 (old Anthe’s Restaurant) on Manchester Rd from 6-9pm.  This event promises to be the most delicious event in the Portage Lakes area all year! Sample cuisine from 15 local restaurants, wine tasting, silent auction prizes, raffle baskets, 50/50 raffle, live entertainment and much more., Please complete a brief survey to make your voice heard to help improve Portage Lakes State Park. $88 million in funds is available to upgrade State Parks and parks visitors will help decide which facilities see improvement visit: http://parks.ohiodnr.gov/improvements, The Portage Lakes Kiwanis annual Easter Egg Hunt will be on Saturday, April 19, 2014 at the Tudor House in New Franklin. The festivities will start at 10:30AM and the egg hunt will begin at 12:00PM SHARP. The Egg Hunt will be divided into specific age groups 0-2, 3-5, 6-8 and 9+.  Please park in the State Park Beach Lot at 5031 Manchester Rd., Portage Lakes is on its way to being designated the "Purple Martin Capital of Ohio.", Enjoy today's warm temperatures, because it doesn't look like it's here to stay just yet!  Will Spring ever come?, Storage Wars - Portage Lakes, OH edition.  It looks like the shark from the old Hook Line and Drinkers may wind up at Dietz's Landing/Club Marxx after it sold this morning at auction for $625.  Dietz's owner Mark Norris was the winning bidder., The sounds of Spring trying to make its way to Turkeyfoot Lake.  Wind and water breaking the ice into small chips.  This Thursday is the first day of Spring ... or so the almanac says.  We're not ready to promise that we're done with snow for the year., This Polar Bear Family is headed over to the Portage Lakes Polar Bear Club's Jump ... will you be there?  Registrations opens at 12:00, Jumping begins at 2:00pm.  5031 Manchester Rd Akron OH 44319., It's going to be 44° and mostly sunny when the Portage Lakes Polar Bear Club's Jump kicks off in just under 24 hours. Day of registration opens at 12:00pm. Arrive early for what should be another record-breaking year. For details, visit: www.PortageLakesPolarBearClub.com, With the weather forecast at 41° for Saturday, get off the fence and make 2014 the year to jump with the Portage Lakes Polar Bear Club.  Online registration closes in 4 hours - Tuesday 2/18 at 8:00pm.  https://endurancecui.active.com/event-reg/select-race?e=6148403, Those interested in learning about management of the non-native mute swan are welcome to attend a seminar at the Ohio Department of Natural Resources Wildlife District Three Headquarters, 912 Portage Lakes Drive. The program will be held on Tuesday, January 28th from 6:30 pm to 7:30 pm.  Many have fallen in love with the swans, but the video illustrates ODNR has a point when talking about mute swan aggression.  Suffice to say, it's a complicated issue., The Portage Lakes Polar Bear Club's 11th Annual Jump is just under four weeks away.  Online registration and donations are available at www.PortageLakesPolarBearClub.com.  Please help support Camp Quality Ohio and the Ronald McDonald House of Akron., Word has it that a teenager went through the ice on Mud Lake on Thursday night, but he was okay.  Despite the temperatures, some areas were open water until a couple days ago due to the wind keeping the water moving on the surface.  Please be safe out there as there's no such thing as safe ice., Today (Dec 21) is the last day to drop off presents for the Portage Lakes Kiwanis Santa Delivery.  Bring them to the Kiwanis Civic Center (725 Portage Lakes Dr) before 5:00pm.  Read more about this wonderful tradition that began in 1951 here: www.akron.com/editions/Akron-Ohio-News-2013-December-12/Kiwanis_carries_on_Santa_delivery_tradition.asp?aID=21602, The forecast says we're not likely to have a white Christmas in Portage Lakes this year.  For those interested, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the definition of a white Christmas is having an inch of the snow on the ground on Christmas Day., The Project St. Nicholas Returns Polar Bear Jump is this Saturday, December 7 at Dano's Lakeside Pub.  Donate to a jumper or jump in the drink yourself.  Donations provide Christmas for local needy families.  Registration is at 1:30 and the jump is at 2:30.  Checks may be made payable to P.S.N.R.  The address is 3910 S Main St Akron OH 44319., Local election results ...
 - Al Bollas re-elected as New Franklin Mayor
 - Andrea Norris, Judy Jones and Harry Gehm elected to New Franklin City Council
 - Tom Seese and Ed Diebold elected as Coventry Township Trustees
 - Sunday Liquor Sales approved for Dano's Lakeside Pub, Nauti Vine Winery, Sandbar and Turkeyfoot Lanes
 - Manchester School District Levy passes by one vote, ROAD ADVISORY: S. Turkeyfoot Rd at S.R. 619 (by the Golf Course and the Upper Deck) will be closed to ALL TRAFFIC starting Monday, October 28 for 7 weeks thru Friday, December 13.  You will only be able to access S. Turkeyfoot Rd from Portage Lakes Drive.  The road will be moved several hundred feet to the west to align with Point Comfort Drive., Trick or Treating will take place this Saturday (New Franklin and Green) and Sunday (Coventry) in our local communities.  For more info and other events, read here: http://www.akron.com/akron-ohio-entertainment-news.asp?aID=20866, Fall is almost here, arriving next Sunday at 4:44pm ... this year the Ohio State Parks will be lowering the lake level on the main chain by 15 inches beginning on October 15 and will be held at this level until November 15.  Both lowering and raising the water level will take about 7 days., South Main Street paving is done but ... according to Joe Paradise, the deputy director of the Summit County Engineer’s Office, the lane changes will be in effect until the county widens the road in 2019 at the earliest.  The elimination of two travel lanes was made because the road did not meet a state recommendation of 12-foot-wide lanes.  Read more in the Beacon here: http://www.ohio.com/news/local/motorists-along-south-main-street-in-coventry-rue-bottlenecks-more-than-bumps-1.424760, Do you have what it takes to get your photo in the Portage Lakes Calendar?  If so, let's see what you've got!  We’re looking for scenic photos that capture the beauty of the Portage Lakes throughout all four seasons., The mute swan population on Portage Lakes has been dwindling as the Division of Wildlife has euthanized 39 adult swans so far this year.  What do you think of this policy?  Read one concerned residents opinion here: http://www.akron.com/akron-ohio-opinions.asp?aID=20154, Six "boats" competed in the inaugural Portage Lakes Cardboard Boat Race at Turkeyfoot Beach on Sunday.  Three boats crossed the finish line and four survived to participate in the demolition derby at the end.  The event raised money for the Ronald McDonald House of Akron and we hope to see it grow next year!, On Saturday, August 10, Nick Doughty of Wadsworth ate twenty 4 oz cups of Pav's Creamery ice cream in the first annual Ice Cream Eating Challenge at Nicoletti's Park Place.  Over $1,000 was raised for the March of Dimes., On Sunday, August 11 at 2:00pm there will be a Cardboard Boat Race at Turkeyfoot Beach.  The event is hosted by Two Men And A Truck/Akron and benefits the Ronald McDonald House of Akron.  A flyer is available at the following link, but be advised the location is at the swim beach on Turkeyfoot Lake (it's not on Rex Lake), enter the State Park at 5031 Manchester Road.  http://www.rmhakron.org/uploads/assets/Akron/Boat-Race-Flyer.pdf, Have fun and be safe ... the 2013 Poker Run kicks off in less than an hour., Opening week for Nauti Vine Winery begins Wednesday, July 24.  Joe and Erica look forward to welcoming you to this new wine bar that has undergone a remarkable transformation.  Come out and visit them Wednesday-Saturday.  Space might be a little tight on Wednesday, but their capacity will double when their liquor license is expanded to include the lakefront patio, and that should be in place for Thursday., Some long lost footage of the Soap Box Derby and Portage Lakes from 1957.  The Portage Lakes segment starts around the 4:00 mark.  "Young racers enjoy speedboat rides at Portage Lakes, where the sky and water seem impossibly blue on this sunny day. Wait a minute. Shouldn’t the kids be wearing life jackets? Pretend you didn’t see that.

Kids smile from shore as the boats navigate the Iron Channel connecting East Reservoir with West Reservoir. Dietz’s Landing is visible briefly before the All-American entourage returns to Turkeyfoot Lake."  http://www.ohio.com/news/soap-box-derby/local-history-rare-color-film-unearthed-of-akron-and-soap-box-derby-in-1957-1.414843#.Ue1M0LgUcq0.facebook, The 3rd Annual Portage Lakes Pirate Days is this weekend, July 19-21.  There are many fun and free events put on by Portage Lakes Kiwanis.  Bring your kids to the State Park Swim Beach for a Treasure Hunt, Walking the Plank, Creating Pirate Hats and lots more., An exciting new event is coming to Portage Lakes on Saturday, August 10.  Pav's Creamery's 1st Annual Ice Cream Eating Competition at Nicoletti's Park Place.  100% of the proceeds generated from the event will go to the March of Dimes.  Spectator tickets are available at Pav's for just $5 and include appetizers and a sundae bar.  Competitors will compete in three age categories to see who can eat the most 4oz ice cream cups in five minutes., The Portage Lakes Dragon Boat Festival 2013 takes place tomorrow, Saturday, July 13. Opening ceremonies are at 8:30am, racing begins at 9:00am, championship races are at 3:00pm. There will be entertainment and lots of beachfront activities for spectators. Come out and enjoy this summer spectacle for the whole family., Another awesome show by the PL Fireworks Committee!  Here's video of the last three minutes of the show., Great day for the Portage Lakes Boat Parade!, Today's the day for the Boat Parade, Sand Castle Contest and infamous Portage Lakes Fireworks!!! Who will be there? , The 2013 Portage Lakes Fireworks will be held at 10:00 PM on Saturday, July 6.  Donate to support the show at www.portagelakes.com., Light up the Lakes is tonight starting at dusk.  The parade route starts on Rex Lake by the Rotary Camp for Children with Special Needs and then continues around Turkeyfoot Lake and West Reservoir passing locations in this order: Dusty's Landing, Howies on the Lake, State of Liberty, Upper Deck Bar & Grill, On Tap at the Harbor, Nicoletti's Park Place, and it ends at Dietz's Landing/Club Marxx., Purple martin enthusiasts are invited to help feed and band young birds during the 12th annual Buckeye Martinfest from 2 to 4 p.m. Saturday, June 29, at the North Reservoir Boat Launch Ramp on State Mill Road. Guests can view more than 125 purple martin nests and participate in games and crafts. Food and beverages will be available., This Saturday, June 29 is the Antique & Classic Boat Show from 9am-3pm and then Light Up the Lakes nighttime boat parade from 10pm-midnight.  Gotta love Portage Lakes!, This article covers some detail on the restaurant "Nicoletti’s Park Place" that is at the site of the former Hook, Line & Drinkers.  What do you think of their plan?, Buehler’s Fresh Foods is in talks to buy the Portage Lakes IGA by the end of July.  What do you think about this change?, The digital edition of the Portage Lakes Navigator is now available online at http://www.PortageLakesNavigator.com.  Download the PDF, or pick up a FREE copy by dropping in to one of the many sponsors., The flag is raised from half staff to full staff at noon on Memorial Day while Ray Givens plays Amazing Grace on the bagpipes., Good morning Portage Lakes, have an enjoyable Memorial Day!  The City of New Franklin parade steps off at 10:00 AM and the City of Green parade steps off at 9:00 AM., Bring your family out to the kids fishing derby this Saturday, May 25 from 8:00 AM until noon at the Division of Wildlife District Three youth fishing ponds located at 912 Portage Lakes Drive.  The ponds are open to anglers 15 and under beginning Memorial Day weekend, Saturday, May 25, and continuing on the weekends through Labor Day.  All young anglers must be accompanied by a parent or guardian while in the youth area, but adults are not required to have a fishing license. Adults are not allowed to fish in the youth area, but may assist their young anglers., Never too early to start planning your ideas for an entry into Light Up the Boat, the daytime Boat Parade, or the Sand Castle Contest ... or to start planning your Fireworks party.  Here's the 2013 schedule of Portage Lakes events around July 4., Sign of the times ... Hook, Line & Drinkers is no more.  The transformation to a new restaurant and entertainment complex, called Park Place, is underway.  It will be run by Richard and Lisa Nicoletti and phase one should be open Memorial Day Weekend., On Tap at the Harbor will be opening their doors today at noon.  They will be opening up sections of the restaurant over the course of the next two weeks as renovations are completed., Coventry voters passed the school levy today.  Here's the story from the Beacon Journal: http://www.ohio.com/news/break-news/coventry-voters-pass-contested-levy-1.395907, Though power boaters were out in full force this weekend, the Turkeyfoot Lake speed zone is now officially open as the State Park just finished placing the buoys., This Sat. May 4, the Portage Lakes Kiwanis club will host a water quality exposition from 9 - 3 at 725 Portage Lakes Dr. Water testing will be available to anyone who brings a water sample in a clean container. Representatives of the OH Dept of Natural Resources will be on hand to discuss watercraft, wildlife and parks. Larry Hunter will talk about the Portage Lakes Purple Martin grass-roots group and its efforts. Fran Kitchen of the Akron based Animal Baby Rescue will be there with animals. Info will also be available on lake water testing efforts and rain barrels. The program is being presented by the Portage Lakes Advisory Council. For additional info, contact Kenny Gerstenslager at  330-608-1765 ., The Run to the Beach will be on Saturday, April 20 and online registration is open until the day before for the Half Marathon and Relay.  The 5K category even has day of event registration.  This race helps raise funds for the Portage Lakes Fireworks, the largest privately funded fireworks in Ohio.  

For more details, go to: Run to the Beach Half Marathon, 5K and Relays

This race is part of the 2013 Subway Challenge Series.  The beautiful course along a ton of waterfront is run partly within Portage Lakes State Park and on the streets of Green and New Franklin.  The event is primarily on pavement and will end on the beach in the Park., The Portage Lakes Kiwanis is hosting the 2013 Easter Egg Hunt on Saturday, March 30 at the Tudor House in New Franklin.  Please park in at the PL State Park Swim Beach.

Festivities will start at 10:30 am and the hunt for eggs will begin at noon. The four age groups for the Egg Hunt will be: 0-2, 3-5, 6-8 and 9+.

Activities will include a visit with the Easter Bunny, Camp Y-Noah’s famous Bounce House, awesome fire trucks from the New Franklin Fire Department, a balloon pop, Summit County Sheriff K-9 Dogs, volunteers from “GASP” (providing free identity kits for children).  There will be fun and games for everyone to enjoy. Check out the concession stand will be available with fresh donuts, coffee and hot chocolate.

Come early and take advantage of all the fun and excitement!, Last year it was 82° on March 23 ... this year we woke up to the lakes freezing over once again.  It was nice and sunny today, but at lunchtime the ice was still too thick to paddle very far.  We're hoping the forecasts are wrong and we'll at least see 50° in the next 10 days., Portage Lakes State Park will begin a program to counteract the overabundance of cormorants on the island within West Reservoir.  The program is intended to relocate a portion of the birds to other areas within the park.  This will allow a population to exist that will be more harmonious with the habitat and other species that currently occupy the island. http://www2.ohiodnr.com/news/post/cormorants-to-be-relocated-at-portage-lakes-state-park.aspx, Over 725 people jumped into Portage Lakes yesterday at the 10th Annual Jump hosted by the Portage Lakes Polar Bear Club.  More than $80,000 was raised for the Akron-Canton Regional Foodbank., The POLAR BEAR JUMP is this Saturday, February 16! To skip the registration lines on the day of the event, go register online by Tuesday at 8PM: http://www.active.com/not-specified/akron-oh/portage-lakes-polar-bear-jump-2013, Portage Lakes Broomball was back in action this weekend after a one year hiatus due to no solid ice last winter.  Snowmobiles, 4-wheelers and ice skaters were also out.  How did you enjoy the weekend?, Online Registration for the Portage Lakes Polar Bear Jump opens tonight at 8:00 p.m. and the jump is only 5 week on Saturday, February 16.  Save yourself from the lines and register online at:  http://www.active.com/not-specified/akron-oh/portage-lakes-polar-bear-jump-2013, The Olde Harbor Inn is set to reopen as ‘On Tap Grille & Bar at the Harbor' in April.  http://www.ohio.com/news/local/olde-harbor-inn-to-reopen-as-on-tap-1.364294, Happy New Year Portage Lakes!  What's your resolution?  We resolve to freeze our bodies to feed people and fight hunger at the 10th Annual Portage Lakes Polar Bear Club Jump on February 16!, Merry Christmas Portage Lakes, OH!, Another lakeside mainstay is closing its doors.  Bob's Lake Bar changed hands yesterday and will reopen as Nauti Vine Wine in the near future., This Saturday, December 1 is the Battle of the Bars Polar Bear Swim at Dano's Lakeside Pub. Money raised provides Christmas for Kids through Project St. Nicholas Returns. Sponsor a swimmer or just come out to be part of the event. Donation checks should be made payable to PSNR.

A good time for a great cause!, How did you enjoy the beautiful weather this weekend?, Portage Lakes: get out and vote tomorrow!  Undecided about who to vote for in a local race?  View quick videos from all of the candidates from your PL Community Council at the link below., The final installment of the 2013 Portage Lakes Calendar photos.  Two mute swans breaking through thin ice on Mud Lake with Point Comfort in the background., Do you like the colors of Lahm Drive in November?  If you want to see it in person, the colors are approaching their peak on this road soon., Like this post if you think October was a good choice for the cover of the Portage Lakes Calendar., Do you like the September photo in the Portage Lakes Calendar?  It features “Gad-a-Bout” a 1929 30’ triple cockpit Hacker Craft taking a spin in the Turkeyfoot Lake speed zone., How many birds do you see in this photo?  Up to 10,000 Purple Martins roost on Nimisila Reservoir during the month of August before migrating to Brazil., What do you think about this entry from the Boat Parade?  Santa being led by nine kayaking reindeer took second place from the panel of judges., Do you like the classic boats from the Boat Show in June?  Both of the host restaurants are currently closed and for sale (the real estate isn't included), but here's to hoping both are back open for the 2013 show!, TRICK OR TREAT TIMES
Manchester School District Saturday 5-7 PM
Green School District Saturday 6-8 PM
Coventry School District Sunday 5:30-8 PM

Residents who plan on participating should leave their porch lights on., May features Green Heron fishing on Long Lake.  These herons actually use insects or other items as bait to lure and catch fish!, How do you like the April photo of a young bald eagle?  Their plumage is brown, usually until their fifth year when they reach maturity., No snow to be found in the March photo in the Portage Lakes Calendar!  Let us know if you like this shot of a sunrise over North Reservoir., Yesterday's photo of January has 452 likes so far.  Not everyone loves the snow, but do you like this photo of two Great Blue Herons on Mud Lake?, To celebrate the release of the 2013 Portage Lakes Calendar we're going to share one month's photo each day for the next 12 days.  Let us know which photo is best by liking your favorites., Be an informed voter this November.  Last week the Portage Lakes Community Council hosted a Candidate's Night.  Videos of 37 candidates are available for you to hear from them first hand., Very glad to hear that Tony is okay.  Great work by Portage Lakes resident Heather and the others who helped save his life!, Hook, Line & Sinker?  Just 5 days ago they posted they're open for lunch and Dinner everyday.  Doesn't look like that anymore., Wow! Just saw a For Sale sign on Hook, Line, and Drinkers! The sign said $299,900, but I'm thinking that is for the business only.  Anyone know?, Go out there and enjoy boating during the entire fall season this year!  ODNR will not be drawing down the lakes in 2012.  This will now be done every other year., Portage Lakes Residents:  Your vote counts on November 6th, be informed when you cast it!  Monday, October 8 will be a great opportunity to hear first-hand from candidates for local office., A new way to "drive thru" the Portage Lakes Brewing Company., The first day of autumn is here.  What's your favorite thing to do around Portage Lakes during the fall season?, Seen tonight at Dano's., The Olde Harbor Inn is closed for business.  After five year of great food, entertainment and dockside dining, they regretfully announce closing.  Read more here: http://www.theoldeharborinn.com/, As we take time to reflect on the 11th anniversary of a day none of us will ever forget, let us come together to grieve, to remember, to express our gratitude to those who demonstrated what it is to be a hero., Triathletes will hit the water and roads of Portage Lakes this coming weekend, September 15-16.  Visit this page for more details: http://www.hfpracing.com/events/2012/272-akronmultisport/, The Portage Lakes Disc Golf Association will host its first-ever major tournament with "Launchin' on the Lakes" this Saturday and Sunday, August 18-19.  Register online at: http://www.discgolfscene.com/tournaments/Launchin_On_The_Lakes_2012, Hundreds of Purple Martins gather at their pre-migratory roost on Nimisila Reservoir last night.  This spectacle can be seen for most of August before the birds migrate to Brazil for the winter., Well said ..., One of our local residents heading out to catch some lunch!, 2012 Poker Run is about to begin!!!, Portage Lakes Kiwanis PIRATES DAYS is this weekend, July 20-22!

Many of the events are FREE and the schedule is listed below, but please visit their website at http://www.plkiwanis.org for full information.

FRIDAY
7pm - Pontoon Boat Tours

SATURDAY
9am - Disc Golf Tournament
9am - 3pm - Dock Dogs
9am - 3pm - Kids Lifejacket Exchange
1-3pm - Trailering Safety Class
1-3pm - Kids Treasure Hunt
5:30-11pm - Reverse Raffle / Auction
9:30pm - Night Sky Spectacular

SUNDAY
10am - 2pm - Sailboat Regatta
10am - 2pm - Poker Run
1-3pm - Dragon Boat Rides
1-3pm - Lifejacket Exchange, Calm waters and peaceful skies, but the sound of chainsaws fills the neighborhood cleaning up from that short but powerful storm that blew thru this evening.  Hope everyone is okay!, Beautiful rainbow over East Reservoir this evening!  Get out your cameras., We don't have the direct information, but as of 8:45 the fireworks committee said they were waiting to see what the weather would be closer to show time, and the show was still scheduled to be on.  The weather is now clear at 9:20, so it looks like show show is on.  40 minutes to show time!, With a storm clearing out only 45 minutes before the show, the 2012 Fireworks wound up being "for locals only" as most visitors headed home to avoid the bad weather., Who's going to the Boat Parade today at 1:00?  Where will you be watching it?  Anyone participating?, The 37th Annual Antique & Classic Boat Show is today from 9:00 AM until 3:00 PM.  Come on down to The Olde Harbor Inn and Hook Line and Drinkers to enjoy the show!, 4 boats registered so far and we hope to see more at this crowd favorite event!  Get out your glow sticks, Christmas lights, sparklers, anything that lights up, jump on that yacht, pontoon, row boat or dinghy and have a some fun watching Light up the Lakes from 10PM to midnight on Saturday night., We hope you're ready for all the Portage Lakes festivities coming up this weekend!, One person away from 5,000 likes for this page.  Thank you for being a fan!  E-mail us at info@44319.com if there are events for local organizations that you want us to spread the word about., Lots of activity on Latham Bay on Wednesday evening ...disc golf at Portage Lakes Disc Golf Association, rowing with Portage Lakes Rowing, kayakers enjoying a leisurely paddle and Dock Dogs practicing at Portage Lakes State Park., The 5th Annual Light Up the Lakes will be held on Saturday, June 30 from 10PM until Midnight.  First prize is $1,000 and it's not too late to start working on ideas for your entry.  For more information, visit http://www.portagelakes.com/light-up-the-lakes.html, It looks like another excellent weekend coming up.  Are you thinking of playing in the water?  Any guesses as to what the current water temperature is?, This Saturday is the 3rd annual Portage Lakes Boating & Fishing Swap Meet at the Tudor House from 8:00am to 4:00om.  New and used equipment and accessories will be available for purchase, several seminars will be held and there will be a raffle for a canoe.  FREE ADMISSION., Akron is #9 on the list of the nation's most affordable cities.  Are you thinking about getting a home in New Franklin, Coventry or Green?, One of our resident bald eagles stopped by to pay tribute to our flag on this Memorial Day morning.  Looks like another beautiful day today!, The 2012 Portage Lakes Navigator is out for delivery.  Look for it this weekend at some of your favorite Portage Lakes establishments.  Many thanks to all of our business sponsors!, The Akron Yacht Club is hosting a pancake breakfast this Monday on Memorial Day from 10:00AM until 12:00PM.  The public is welcome and the cost is just $6 for adults and $3 for kids.  No RSVP is required, just show up ready to have a good time and meet some new friends.  AYC is located at 3575 S Main St., Free Kids Fishing Derby this Saturday, May 26 from 8:00AM-12:00PM at the Division of Wildlife District Three youth fishing ponds located at 912 Portage Lakes Drive.  Ages 2-15.  Then free fishing for kids every weekend until labor day.  They even provide the worms., Overheard at Dano's today.  A woman says to her children "This used to be daddy's spot on Thursdays until you guys came along.", Looks like perfect weather this weekend!  What are your plans?, Are you going to wear your life jacket to work or school this Friday?, The State Park put out the speed lane buoys today on Turkeyfoot Lake ... let the summer fun begin!, null, Come help the PL Disc Golf Association this Saturday, May 19 at 7:30 AM to pour concrete tee pads. Once the pads are finished, most construction will be done and they can focus on maintenance., Book signing this Saturday from 1:00-4:00 PM at Acme on Manchester Road.  New book on Portage Lakes History., Ohio DNR Watercraft Office has extended boat registration hours for the summer.  From April 12 to July 12 the office will be open until 6:30 PM on both Tuesday and Thursday evenings., Exciting news! I've teamed up with a new admin to help with the Portage Lakes' page. He is the creator of the Portage Lakes Navigator! There will be more updates of current events, but we won't OVER do it! Feel free to add any events that you may be aware of too., Check out these waves, whitecaps, and spray on Long Lake.  http://www.youtube.com/embed/lHK93HioSYc, Here's the schedule of events for Pirate Days at Portage Lakes this week!  Please feel free to post pictures or any events.  , Check out all the fun things to do this weekend in Portage Lakes!!  , What a fabulous weekend at Portage Lakes!!  Love seeing all the boats on the water!  Did you make it out this weekend?, Spring is in the air!!!  Shaffer's, Pav's and Biggins are now open!!, The deck is open at the Harbor!!!, The 8th Annual Portage Lakes Polar Bear Jump is this Sat., Feb. 26, 2011. 2:00 P.M. sharp! Arrive by 12:30 for registration. $25 minimum donation to jump. Portage Lakes State Park. 5031 Manchester Rd. New Franklin. www.portagelakespolarbearclub.com, The lakes look extra pretty this fall!  Especially early in the morning with a light fog.  Just beautiful!, Check out this movie from the early 80's.  The first 4 minutes or so take place at the Upper Deck!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPT4eaFuUEc, Has anyone gone to or planning on going to any of the NEC golf tournament?, Anybody decorating for Christmas in July??? I love how the lake looks when it's all lit up at the Holidays! It would look just as pretty in the summer!, Here's an article that was in the Beacon Journal today about the sand castle contest yesterday at Portage Lakes State Park.  Does anyone have any pictures?? http://www.ohio.com/news/97744419.html, Check out the pics of the fireworks that Roland, Peggy and Mark have posted!  Thanks!, Were those fireworks AMAZING or what??  They went on forever!!!  :)  I tried to get some pictures but they didn't come out very well.  Please feel free to post any that you might have gotten., Here are some pics from the boat parade taken at a party on the channel.  What a perfect day!, Portage Lakes Fireworks!!!!  This Saturday night!!  Where is your favorite place to view them??, The boat parade is this Sat., July 3, 2010 from 1 - 4!! Another reason to head to Portage Lakes.  Here's a link from the Portage Lakes website.   http://www.portagelakes.com/boatParadePacket.pdf, So...did you make it to the Antique Boat Show or the Light Up the Lakes Boat Parade?  What did you think?, We spent a wonderful Father's Day on the Lakes.  What a gorgeous day!, The 35th Annual Portage Lakes Antique Boat Show will be June 26th, from 9 a.m. - 3 p.m. at the Olde Harbor Inn and Hook, Line & Drinkers.  Hopefully they have a beautiful day!, Light up the Lakes Boat Parade is this Sat. June 26 at 9:30 p.m.  Today, June 23, is the last day to register.  Go to www.Portagelakes.com for more info.  If you'd like to watch, the boats  will be passing by the Olde Harbor Inn, Hook, Line & Drinkers, the Upper Deck, and end at Club Marxx/Dietz's., Yea!!!  Portage Lakes made the front page of the Akron Beacon Journal on Sunday!, How many of you are hitting Portage Lakes for the Holiday weekend and what are your plans???, Any special plans for this beautiful Sunday at Portage Lakes?, I received this email and was wondering if anyone could help out.  What a wonderful opportunity for our Portage Lakes.  

I was looking at the Portage Lakes Facebook page and found your website. I’m the Ohio acquisitions editor for Arcadia Publishing, publisher of the popular local history series, Images of America. (You can see our titles at www.arcadiapublishing.com.) I am interested in publishing a photographic history of Portage Lakes in this series and am looking for a local historical organization or historian to author the project. I am hoping that you might be able to recommend someone, or to reach out to your Facebook community to find someone. I have seen mention of a Portage Lakes Historical Society but haven't found anyone to contact. Please feel free to share my contact information. Thanks for any help you can give. Melissa BasiloneSenior Acquisitions EditorArcadia Publishingmobile: 312.218.3339ph: 773.549.7002 x5 and fax: 773.883.1535, What a glorious day here in Portage Lakes!!!  The deck at Dano's was hoppin' at 2:00 when I drove past!!, Word from Biggins' Big Dip....Saturday May 8th from 12-1pm is our annual free cone giveaway!!!, What a beautiful day at the lakes!!!!, All outside decks are now open!!  Harbor, H,L&D, Howie's, Dietz's, Dano's, Upper Deck, get outside and enjoy!!!, Hook, Line and Drinkers decks are open this weekend!!  As well as the Harbor, the Upper Deck and does anyone know about Dietz's?, From Tamra Brown   Raess:                 Thank  you  everyone  for your thoughts and prayers   it means so much to our   family. We are  all safe and thankful  to be   alive. We are truly   blessed to have so  many amazing friends,  neighbors,  family members   here to support us., For anyone interested in helping out the fire victims... Dawn Greer  says Donations can be made by calling Lisa @  330-699-3347  or Michelle @ 330-705-1201 . People are helping with  clothes, gift cards for food , clothing etc., Does anybody have any info on the big fire behind Turkeyfoot Golf Course Weds. night?  I could see the smoke all the way home from Fairlawn.  I honestly thought a plane had crashed at the airport.  I kept getting closer and closer and here it was nearly in my back yard.  619 and Main St. looked like it does after the fireworks let out w/ tons of curious people., Brad Roberts asks..."ANYBODY GOT ANY OLD PICTURES OF THE LAKES? THE BLUE SWAN RESTAURANT, PICKS ICE CREAM STAND, ETC...ETC....IF SO, PLEASE POST....", Shaffer's Market opened this week!, the deck at the Harbor is open!!, Are there any other "first" sightings?  Feel free to post pics!  Thanks for the duck pics Randy., Does anyone have an answer to Steven's question??  "Is the O.D.N.R. going to stock any fish in Portage Lakes in 2010????? if so what kind of Fish??? Thanks.....", Just saw a fishing boat on the lake.  Spring is in the air!, Pav's is NOW open and the flavor of the week is pistachio!!!  My favorite!, Biggin's is NOW open and will be open on SUNDAYS from 1 - 9., Biggin's Big Dip opens Friday, March 12!!!!, The Ohio Division of Wildlife will hold a regional open house from noon - 3 p.m. Sat. Mar. 6.  District #3 office is at 912 Portage Lakes Dr.  Call 330-644-2293., Portage Lakes State Park · 5031 Manchester Rd · Akron, Ohio 44319
Arrive by 12:30pm for registration | $25 min. donation to register | 2pm jump 



Polar Bear Jump - February 20, 2010, I wish Shaffer's didn't close in the winter.  Although Figaro's is very nice., I saw the first ice fishing shanty on the lake this morning!, Welcome to the Portage Lakes OH Facebook page.  Feel free to add your comments and pictures., A snowy picture of the Clocktower, and Portage Lakes State Park Beach.  )