List(After 17 years and a great deal of fun, Finale has closed. We hope that all of our loyal customers have enjoyed our desserts as much as we enjoyed making and serving them.

Many of your favorite desserts will be available again about early March at the new Vivra Chocolate Studio and Cafe opening in Park Square on Stuart Street. Stay tuned here for more information as it becomes available, or visit Vivra Chocolate at www.vivrachocolate.com for more information or to receive their email newsletters., Tis the season. Take a break from shopping or stop by after work for one of our deep chocolate Hot Chocolates or Hot Toddys., null, Call or stop by to Pre-Order a Finale Dessert to share with family or friends. Orders can be placed until Sunday night, November 22 and picked up until 6 pm Wednesday November 25. Finale will be closed on Thanksgiving Day., null, null, When it's warm outside, we have cooling desserts and drinks for relaxing in the city. Join us for some of our artisan gelato and sorbet and also enjoy our selections of iced fruit drinks., We have a new phone number starting May 21, 2015! Reach us at 617-958-4040, Choose a delicious cake or chocolate bunny from our selection of delicious desserts to celebrate Easter this weekend. Handcrafted chocolate bunnies in all sizes, and special chocolate, carrot and raspberry lemonade cakes await you!, Come celebrate Easter this weekend with Finale. All your favorite desserts are on the menu, plus our special Easter Egg dessert- scrumptious chocolate egg filled with seasonal mousse.  Come see us!, Don't forget to come to Finale for a very sweet Valentine's Day Dinner or Dessert OR pick up a dessert and some chocolate covered strawberries to share!

*Enjoy a Three Course Dinner Menu, featuring our Chocolate Voyage for Two available from 2.12.15 through 2.15.15! 

Call us today at 617.423.3184, Want to warm up from this cold, snowy weather?!  Come to Finale and enjoy a hot chocolate or espresso and a fresh pastry or dessert! 

We open at 11:00am today!, Need a break shoveling from the snow storm?! Come warm up at Finale! We are open until 11:00pm tonight. 

***Treat yourself to a delicious pastry from our bakery and warm up with a hot chocolate, salted caramel white hot chocolate, hazelnut hot chocolate, hot tea or hot cider.

Our hot chocolate is EXTRA hot today :), null, Valentine's Day is only a few weeks away! Reserve your table at Finale and enjoy our special Prix Fixe Dinner menu, featuring the Chocolate Voyage for Two! 

Valentine's Day Prix Fixe Dinner Menu: http://bit.ly/1t7W8yL

Call today to make your reservation

617.423.3184, Don't forget to make your reservation!, null, With the purchase of  8" cake  we will make any other bakery item of equal or lesser value 1/2 price. Offer valid December 21-24 2014. Restrictions apply., Christmas is around the corner....... Don't forget to place your cake order to indulge your friends and family. We will be open on Christmas eve from 10 am  to 6 pm., From our family to you and yours, all the best wishes for a Happy Thanksgiving with family, friends and Finale! Don't panic, we have planned in advance and our bakery is filled with delicious treats for you to indulge your guests. We are open until 11:30 tonight and will be open tomorrow from 10am to 3pm for your convenience!, Finale Desserts at New England Dessert Showcase at  the Westin Hotel!, Come into Finale Desserterie for our great "Back to School" deal!, null, null, null, null, Thanks for the kind words and vote Melly C.    "ABSOLUTELY AMAZING no one can beat their delicious birthday cakes!!! I've gotten all of my cakes and desserts from these guys for years and will continue to do so!"

Vote: BEST Birthday Cakes, Come celebrate Finale Desserterie's 16th Anniversary and get a sweet deal!, You are now able to place your orders online for both locations.  You can even place your order today for a future order.  Check it out! 
Harvard Square-  https://pos.toasttab.com/finaledesserts-
harvardsquare/menu

Park Plaza- https://pos.toasttab.com/finaledesserts/menu, Happy Father's Day to all the great Dads out there!, Finale Desserterie has been nominated for 3 categories in the The Boston A-List.
Best Bakery
Best Birthday Cakes
Best Chocolatier
We would really appreciate your votes!  Just click link below. 
http://boston.cityvoter.com/, null, null, It's lunch time at Finale.  After having our delicious lunch, finish it up with one of our amazing desserts., Our 9 piece dessert sampler.  The perfect Finale to a great night!, null, All gave some....some gave all.  
Remember them this Memorial Day!, Finale Desserterie does custom cakes as well.  Give us a call for your next special event!, We have several new desserts this spring.
Cherry Pistachio~ Pistachio sponge cake with a black cherry mousse served with roasted pistachios and amarena cherries. Finished with a scoop of pistachio and vanilla gelato., Hop in and order your Easter cakes today!, null, Paint Nite event at Finale was a success!  If you missed the fun last night at Park Plaza, there's more next Monday!  We hope to see you there!, Finale is at the  New England Food Show!  Come and visit us at the Sysco Boston booth!, Finale Desserterie has paired up with DASHED for easy online ordering and delivery.  So on days like today when it's to cold to leave the house, have Dashed bring Finale to you!, Get your free Finale Desserterie cupcake while supplies last tonight!!!  Groupon #bestofgroupon

http://online.wsj.com/article/PR-CO-20140313-904183.html, Keep your eyes in the sky tonight!
The Finale fans are getting the inside scoop today!  Be sure to share with your friends.  #bestofgroupon @grouponboston

http://www.groupon.com/pages/searchlight, Finale Desserterie is at the end of the rainbow!, Hi Everyone,

Paint Nite is coming to Finale!  Invite a friend to a Sweet and Fun night with us!, Be sure to stop by Finale Desserterie and pick up some St. Patrick's Day treats!, null, Who will be attending the New England Food Show this year?  Sysco has been nice enough to ask Finale Desserterie to join their table this year and display our famous desserts.  Please stop by our table and say hello.  Look forward to seeing you., Who "likes" Peanut butter?  Do you like "creamy" or "chunky"? What's your favorite combo with peanut butter?, March is Peanut Month!  We brought back our famous Peanut Butter Molten Cake for a limited time, to satisfy your craving., Chef Robert Irvine loved Finale Desserterie's pastries at his Sysco Boston event!, We’re excited to announce Finale Desserterie is featured as being the Best Of Groupon! Check out our deal here:
GrouponWorks
https://www.grouponworks.com/best-of-groupon-merchants/, Donate blood tomorrow at MGH Blood Donor Center and get a delicious Finale Desserterie cupcake as a reward!!, Start dropping hints to that special someone, to bring you to the sweetest spot in Boston for Valentine's Day!!   Don't miss out., Have you made your Valentine's Day reservations yet? Check out our featured menu for the night that we will be offering in addition to our full menu.
 http://www.finaledesserts.com/VDay2014.pdf, Make your reservation for the Sweetest Spot in Boston!!  We'll be offering a special menu with your choice of 2, 3 or 4 courses.  We will also have our full menu available., null, Both locations are open today.  Come on in for a "sweet" deal!, For those hearty souls braving the Blizzard of 2014 come visit us today until 8pm in our bakery or tomorrow beginning at 12 noon, and you can buy one pastry, and get one pastry free from our Bakery, or buy $20 worth of sweets and choose to get a free hot chocolate! No snowstorm will prevent or satisfy a chocolate craving!, It's cold outside, but Finale has just the thing to warm you up.  Just ask Boston.com.  Keep an eye out for our new flavors coming soon., Have the sweetest New Year's Eve ever!  Join us for a "Champagne Toast" Finale style.  Now accepting reservations., null, Still can't find that great gift for that special someone?  Click here and get them the Sweetest Gift you can give this holiday season, a Finale gift card!  https://www.toasttab.com/finaledesserts, null, Finale Desserterie will be making 3 types of holiday cookies (gingerbread men, candy canes and snowflakes).  A great addition to your holiday party.  Please order in advance., Call and order one of our delicious holiday cakes today.  In addition to the cakes & pastries that Finale Desserterie is famous for, we'll also have Peppermint Cheesecake, Yule Logs, a Holiday Cake and a Peppermint Twist Cake. Happy Holidays!!, null, Thanksgiving is right around the corner.  Place your orders today and get a Sweet deal!, Our pumpkin cheesecake is back just in time for the holidays!, Thanks to all our fans for coming out and supporting us!!, Our seasonal cakes and pies are coming soon!!!, What's your all-time favorite Halloween candy?, Check us out on Fox News.com! We're featured among seven dessert themed restaurants nationwide. 


http://www.foxnews.com/leisure/2013/10/01/7-decadent-dessert-only-restaurants/, Finale Desserterie pairs up with Mozart Liqueur for a night of Indulgence!!!, Never forget, Welcome back teachers and students! Don't miss out on a free molten!, Come in to our Harvard Square location and check out the new  Toast POS computer system, it's great!!!, MEET IVAN! OUR EMPLOYEE OF THE MONTH FOR AUGUST!
Ivan is one of our Prelude Chef's as Finale, always creating new and delicious meals for our staff to try and guests to enjoy! This is his original Cobb Salad Pizza: a crispy pizza crust with chicken, avocado, chipotle sauce, cucumbers and tomatoes! Stop by for a Dinner and Dessert Special, and try this or one of our Signature Pizzas before your favorite dessert!!, MEET NOAH, OUR EMPLOYEE OF THE MONTH!!! As one of our newest Team Members, he quickly stepped up and become our ALLSTAR for July!!
Known for being our employee with the craziest hair, Noah loves the Raspberry Molten: a fruity spin on our famous molten chocolate cake.  Though Noah prefers chocolate, he once greeted a table saying "Welcome to Finale my name is Noah" and was misheard, resulting in the guest thinking his name was "Vanilla" for the rest of the dining experience!! Come down and join Noah and the team for any of our desserts, including this delicious chocolate cake with a warm gooey center, and the added bonus of fresh raspberries packed into the middle!, null, Only 2 weeks left!!, Come check out our new menus!!!, Come celebrate Finale Desserterie's 15th Anniversary, every Monday and Tuesday for the month of July!!!  Thank you to all of our loyal guests over the years., Revised 15th Anniversary Deal http://conta.cc/15dN9wY, Happy Social Media Day!!  To celebrate and reward our loyal facebook fans, come into either Finale Desserterie location today between 11:00am-12:00pm and get a free coffee with the purchase of one of our pastries., null, Happy Father's Day from all of us at Finale Desserts!, If you don't already follow Finale Desserterie on Twitter please do. twitter.com/finaledesserts
Thank you for the kind words!!!, Chef Robert Irvine enjoying some Finale Desserts!, null, Make Your Mother's Day Reservations! http://conta.cc/10giw3V, Finale is at StyleFixx tonight ! Come and visit us for a sample of our Dark Chocolate Decadence!, null, We love Boston!
 Finale Desserterie, Boston Bruins
http://video.nhl.com/videocenter/console?catid=0&id=240031&cmpid=embed-share-video, Bringing some trays of desserts to the hundreds of men and women that have been working countless hours these last few day. Thank you for all you do!, Our thoughts are with the runners, families and spectators that were effected by the horrific event in Boston today., null, null, Port Tasting http://conta.cc/XMMBwd, Little chocolate covered strawberry carrots!, Finale Desserterie is pairing up with Socii a new reward app starting next Friday 4/5. Come in and give it a try.
http://sociiapp.com/, null, Meet G, one of our Finale Staff:
G has been a member of the team since June, serving up beautifully plated desserts with a smile every day. Originally from Thailand, G has a knack for hospitality, and a sweet tooth for all of our delicious bakery cakes! Congratulations to G, our new Supervisor! Stop by for her favorite and yours, the Red Velvet Cake!, That's right....bring your date here!, null, Happy International Women's Day!  Don't let the snow stop you from celebrating with one of Finale Desserterie's delicious desserts!, Warm Up with Hot Chocolate http://conta.cc/12A6pWG, We have French Macaroons at Finale Desserterie, We have your Valentine's Day treats!, Would you rather get Chocolate or Flowers for Valentine's Day?, Don't miss out on our limited time only Heart Shaped Brulee and Dark Chocolate Decadence!!, Don't forget to place your order for chocolate dipped strawberries for Valentine's Day!, Only 2 days until Valentine's Day http://conta.cc/V54tCk, Snow Storm http://conta.cc/XYk3Ku, Valentine's Day Menu http://conta.cc/Tcafjq, null, Another teaser of what's to come......Black Currant Mousse., null, Valentine's Day is just around the corner...., A little teaser pic of our upcoming chocolate plate....
The Chocolate Dream!, Our Hot Fudge Sundae......one of the many things at Finale Desserterie that will warm you up on such a bitter night!, Valentine's Day http://conta.cc/Wn56mr, All you Sister Act The Musical fans, stop by Finale Desserterie when leaving the Boston Opera House and get one of our fresh baked Molten Chocolate Cakes.  It has a warm gooey center and it's served with chocolate covered almonds and coffee gelato., "Like" if you're going to watch The New England Patriots beat the Ravens tonight.  Let's go Pats!!!!, Only 10 more days until Jersey Boys opens at the The Colonial Theatre!  Make sure you stop by Finale Desserterie before or after the show to make a great night, a perfect one!, Dessert On a Cold Day http://conta.cc/WJ3kuf, Well the obvious answer is Finale Desserterie!  "Like" if you agree., After you go see SPANK The Fifty Shades Parody at the The Wilbur Theatre this week stop by Finale Desserterie for some delicious desserts., If you haven't had a hot chocolate from Finale Desserterie, you've never had hot chocolate!
http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/family/gallery/boston_hot_chocolate/, Happy New Year from Finale Desserterie!, Be sure to stop by Finale Desserterie on your way to the celebration and pick up some pastries, hot chocolates, cookies, and some illy coffee.  They will warm your soul on such a cold night., null, You still have time....., Happy Holidays from Finale http://conta.cc/TgrjCp, Don't forget to place your holiday cake orders by tomorrow. Any orders for $25 or more picked up on Monday will receive a $10 Appreciation Card.  Happy Holidays from Finale Desserterie, Happy Holidays from Finale http://conta.cc/SY5Tey, The famous Molten Cake at Finale Desserterie on NECN... 
It will change your life! 
http://www.necn.com/11/24/12/Sweet-Spot-Finale-Desserterie--Bakery/landing_tvd_sweetspot.html?blockID=805577, Finale Desserterie is open today until 1:00pm come in and get your holiday cakes and pies!, Don't Panic! Finale Desserterie is open today from 9:00am-1:00pm come on in and get your holiday cakes and pies. 
Happy Thanksgiving!, Don't forget to place your holiday cake order by tomorrow to receive your $10 appreciation card for purchases of $25.00 or more.  Call Finale Desserterie today (617) 423-3184, 6 Days Left for Holiday Orders! http://conta.cc/REYhf8, Thank you!, Holiday Cakes & Parties http://conta.cc/XpHfWU, I know you've all tried our amazing Chocolate Molten Cake, but you need to try our new Peanut Butter Molten Cake.  It is amazing, come try it at Finale Desserterie, This will warm your soul. Try one of our hot chocolates.....or better yet get the hot chocolate flight!  We have white, hazelnut or the original.  All made with Valrhona Chocolate., Wicked Good Cupcakes was on Good Morning America today & is being offered as a deal! Check them out! Another local dessert success story!, Come in to Finale Desserterie and have one of our many Craft Beers......It's Friday, why not!, National Dessert Month http://conta.cc/Pp05v6, Finale Desserterie will be at StyleFixx this Wednesday and Thursday.  Make sure you stop by our table for one of our Dark Chocolate Decadences., Come get your Halloween chocolate covered strawberries., Who's going to Head Of The Charles Regatta.  Make sure you stop by Finale Desserterie after., Show off your brownie making skills. Our very own Nicole Coady will be one of the guest judges. http://www.facebook.com/DancingDeer/app_197602066931325, Our Tiramisu plated dessert.......delicious!  Finale Desserterie, null, War Horse starts tomorrow at the Boston Opera House! Make sure to stop by Finale Desserterie before or after the show., If you've never tried Inniskillin Wines you need to try some at Finale Desserterie......It will change your life!, October is National Dessert Month!  Treat yourself at Finale Desserterie......you deserve it!!  http://conta.cc/O2vrWJ, We made some special treats for the TV Diner  yesterday at Finale Desserterie.  Thanks for stopping by., Thank you Doc Rivers for stopping by and getting some dessert!  Always a pleasure to see you!, We have our "A Team" working the line tonight!  Come get your SWEET on at Finale Desserterie!!!, You ready for some football?!  Go New England Patriots!, Who's going to see Madonna at TD Garden tomorrow night?! What's your all time favorite Madonna song?, null, connecting with family on twitter today, I found Ted, Kevin, Carole, Brenda, Grasi, Kelly, Kara and Nancy #family on twitter, Boston's Best Whoopie Pies http://conta.cc/TPZyR1, Come be the 1,000,000th person to use TheLevelUp at Finale Desserterie, What a great article about Finale Desserterie.  I'd take their advice and come try it for yourself!!  http://www.dateeats.com/2012/07/23/finale-were-just-getting-started-no-really-finale/, Finale Desserterie was just voted to have the Best Whoopie Pie in Boston by Boston Magazine!  Come get yours today!!, Enjoying an illy iced coffee on the patio at Finale Desserterie, Who likes illy Cappuccinos?, Come enjoy lunch on our beautiful patio today.....It's Friday!!, What's a dessert you would like to see Finale Desserterie serve?  It can be an old favorite you want back, or something we've never served before., Who's going to see Billy Elliot US at The Boston Opera House starting July 24th? Come into Finale Desserterie before or after the show with your ticket stub and get one of our delicious plated desserts for FREE (with a purchase of a plated dessert of equal or lesser value!)  "Share" this offer with your friends., Finale Desserterie hopes everyone has a great holiday tomorrow!, Gotta love Instagram!!, We're in the spirit!!, Come and use it here at Finale Desserterie, Perfect day for a delicious fruit tart!, Great Teamwork tonight everyone!!!  We changed a lot of lives tonight.  Keep up the great work!, The patio is open......come on down an enjoy some sweets with your sweets by candle light., It's the perfect day for a Finale Desserterie Rootbeer Float!  Since it's Friday why not add the Pinnacle -Whip cream Vodka.....yum!, Great Job TheLevelUp!!!!!!, null, null, Come in and check out our NEW drinks and desserts Finale Desserterie!!!, The best place to cheat on your diet?   Finale Desserterie........Oh it's worth falling off the wagon for!!!  Please give us your vote and share with your friends.
http://campaign.r20.constantcontact.com/render?llr=wg78h7n6&v=001mwaRHiQxrQd3uuYWnxbz-jzkBkk389jMcOUqzh8tUFUTcXaKP2AW20rSTiesL5LIXD3GiwU1MdFSfSp8FCvqEIyGa_aVZjmXJ_MDx9H1eWhtqoKrMZuE1w%3D%3D, Come get your SnowCone Cupcakes!!!, Hey fans! We want to hear your thoughts and feedback on your Finale experiences. Help us out by filling out this brief survey and in turn you will be entered to win a Four-Course
Dessert Tasting along with a Dessert Wine flight! 

http://survey.constantcontact.com/survey/a07e5wt96o9h20sbh24/start, "As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them." -John Fitzgerald Kennedy
, The Key Lime Cloud! Just one, of the new plated desserts coming soon......., Gotta go see the Boston Ballet!, Show you mom how special she is, and bring her to Finale Desserterie.  Make your reservation today!!, We're at StyleFixx tonight and you should be too. Giving away samples
 of the life changing Chocolate Decandence!, null, null, Congrats to Our "Moment for Mom" Winners, We had a baby shower today for our favorite manager Karla.  Thanks to everyone who came!, Let's go Boston Celtics!!!!!, Hey fans! Just under two hours left to vote for your favorite "Mom Moment". Ann Marie H. is in the lead with an overwhelming 1,933 votes. Close behind is Rebecca B. with 1,900! Click here to see all the entries
https://www.facebook.com/finaledesserts/app_165986426857848, VOTE VOTE VOTE! Click below to view those fantastic stories.  For those of you who entered, get your friends to vote ASAP! Good luck!
https://www.facebook.com/finaledesserts/app_165986426857848, VOTE now for your favorite Moment for Mom entry! Voting ends tomorrow so get on it!! Thank you kindly :-), null, null, Come see us at StyleFixx and eat chocolate while you shop!!!  Dreams do come true!, The ever-so-popular Craft Beer Tasting event is back! Join us on 5/8 or 5/15 as we explore the world of craft beers with Bryan Greene from the Great Brewers Guild. 
http://www.finaledesserts.com/events.php, Hey Fans! Today is the last day to submit entries for the Moment for Mom Facebook contest! If you've got a great story, don't be shy...share it now and you could be our big winner! Click on contest app now to get started..., Thanks to Jiyea for sharing such a wonderful review of her experience at Finale on Yelp! If you've posted a review, please share it here. , Hey Fans! We're extending the deadline for the "Moment for Mom" FB contest. Submit your entries now through Monday April 30th. Keep those touching stories about mom coming!, What a game for the Boston Bruins! Swing by Finale Desserterie on Wednesday, pick up some pastries and give your nails a rest!, Congrats to Alex and Emily! Alex popped the big question here at Finale Desserterie last night!, Let's go fans....show your spirit!, "like" it, if you're one of America's Most Beloved Fans! Go Boston Red Sox!, These kids probably won't be entering their Mom into the contest!
http://youtu.be/uMuorX2mgrw, Thanks to Eater Boston for mentioning tonight's Ice Wine Tasting Event. Don't miss out. Still time to make a reservation!
http://boston.eater.com/places/finale, It's not too late to make your reservation for tonight's Ice Wine Tasting event! http://boston.eater.com/places/finale, We've got some beautiful entries in our "A Moment For Mom" Mother's Day contest! Take a look at the entries and submit your own now: https://www.facebook.com/finaledesserts/app_165986426857848, Who saw Game of Thrones last night?!  Can't wait until next week!, Let's go Boston Bruins! Make sure you grab a Boston Cream pastry on your way home at Finale Desserterie, There are 26,000 people running to get to Finale Desserterie today!  Come early because you don't want to be at the end of that line!, Good luck to everyone participating in the Boston Marathon today!, Think your mom is the world's greatest? Enter our Mother's Day contest and tell us why now! Click here to learn more... https://www.facebook.com/finaledesserts/app_165986426857848, Is your Mom the Best?  Enter our "Best Mom" contest, visit our page for details!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaswppned64&feature=player_detailpage, null, You may have missed our Chocolate and Port Tasting but don't miss our Dessert & Ice Wine Tasting happening Tuesday 4/17 at 6:30.  Make your reservation today!!
http://www.thesunchronicle.com/articles/2012/04/12/go/11284197.txt, What do you think about a S'mores Martini? "like" it if you love it!, Thinking about a new Summer Drink Menu......have any ideas?, Don't be left in the cold....make your Dessert and Ice Wine Tasting reservation today!, Sugar hangover???  You know the only way to fix that is.........MORE SWEETS!!  Come on in, we have the cure!, The bakery case is stocked with fun and festive treats for the holiday weekend!, The first fan to "check-in" at Finale Desserterie Park Plaza, and tag 5 of their friends get 2 free tickets to Furthur playing tonight at The Wang Theatre......hurry!, The Easter Bunny is coming., We need our fans on this one!!!, Tell us your most memorable Finale Desserterie experience.  The person with the greatest story will win 2 tickets to Furthur playing this Friday at The Wang Theatre.  Please tag Finale in your responses., Who went to Ben & Jerry's today for their free scoop of ice cream?, Fruit and Cream Tart, Looks too good to eat.......but tastes too good not to!, We have warm cookies coming out of the oven right now!  Get them while they last., Don't miss out on one of these beautiful strawberries!, Finale Desserterie now uses LevelUp.  Click on the link and start earning rewards.  You get $5.00 just for joining!!http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.thelevelup.com%2F%3Fuser%255Bpromotion_code%255D%3D98348&h=PAQHmUiInAQE1S4vTzSX-r22HfW5QumB5rG7Uf36V4Xp2Ww, What's the Globe's pick for a Tuesday event? Finale's Chocolate and Port Wine Tasting of course!  , Don't miss tomorrow's Chocolate & Port Wine Tasting - still reservations left!, Last week of Les Miserables - Musical come into Finale Desserterie before or after the show with your ticket stub and receive your second plated dessert of equal or lesser value for free!!!  Ask your server for details., Sweet Tweets at Finale Desserterie, Who went to see The Hunger Games last night?  Give us your review. Who's planning on going?  Make sure you bring your hunger here after...., What is the best kind of coffee you've ever had?, Happy St. Patrick's Day!, Who's going to the New England Food Show today? Who "likes" free food? http://www.facebook.com/NewEnglandFoodShow?ref=ts, Don't forget March is Peanut Butter Month.  Come in for your 8" Peanut Butter Pie for $18.00, Meet The Finale Team:
Name: Gheny Tran - server joined the team May 2011
Nickname: G-Dawg
Favorite Dessert: Chocolate covered strawberries
Favorite Quote: "After every storm there are clear blue skies."
If you could have dessert with anyone dead or alive who would it be?
Michael Jackson, Our Kitchen Manager Manita is creating some delicious strawberries for our bakery case.  Come down while they last at Finale Desserterie, Yes please!, Who's ready for Opening Day?!!!, March is Peanut Butter Month!  Come in and get one of our 8" Peanut Pies for $18.00!!!!  Who loves peanut butter?!!!, We want your feedback.  Take a quick survey and earn $4.00 off your next visit. www.surveyonthespot.com, Who's going to Les Miserables - Musical at the Boston Opera House?  Starts next week.  We look forward to seeing you after the show!, Book your Bridal Shower at Finale Desserterie, Some happy Finale guests at our Champagne and Dessert tasting, Who's going to see this at Boston Opera House, I've heard it's unbelievable. Make sure you stop by Finale Desserterie after and tell us all about it., "Check-in" at Finale Desserterie and get a free Molten Chocolate Cake with the purchase of $19.99 or more, after 5pm.  Who likes free Chocolate Molten cakes?, Finale Trivia Friday: How many of our Award Winning Best in Boston Whoopie Pies did we sell last year?  The person with the closest guess get a dozen of those Award Winning Whoopie Pies!  One guess per person please., What's the better dessert: Cakes or Cupcakes, February's All-Star
Name:  Lindsay Millen- who's a server that joined the team Oct. 2010
Nickname: Lights Out Lindsay
Favorite Dessert: 9 Piece Sampler
Favorite Quote: "If I ate a cheesecake today, it was a good day!"
If you could have dessert with anyone dead or alive who would it be?
<3 Alec Baldwin <3, null, Meet the Finale Team:
Name: Brandon LeVangie
Nickname: Sweet Tooth
Favorite Dessert: Magnanimous Molten
Favorite Quote: "Live the life you love, love the life you live."
If you could have dessert with anyone dead or alive who would it be?
Geoffrey Zakarian, Finale Trivia Friday: How many chocolate covered strawberries did we sell on Valentine's Day?  The person with the closest answer wins a 4 piece pastry box!  One guess per person please., Don't miss next week's tasting event!! How can you resist Champagne and sweets??!, Meet the Finale Team:
Name: Chris Arias.  He's a line cook who joined the team Sept. 2011
Nickname: Candy Man
Favorite Dessert: Manjari Mousse
Favorite Quote: "Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do." -Bruce Lee
If you could have dessert with one person alive or dead who would it be? 
Bobby Flay, Who likes Finale Trivia, and who's ready for tomorrow's question?, Thinking about some Spring and Summer wines to add to the menu.  What are some of your favorites?, Finale Deal: check-in to Finale and receive a FREE Molten Chocolate Cake with the purchase of $19.99 or more, after 5pm! Click "Like" if you like free Moltens!, Come in for one of our Leap Year Specials starting today through the 29th.  All 8" cakes are $29!  Also come in after 5 and order two Dinner & Desserts from our Prix Fix menu for $29!  Don't miss out., Great question, Finale Trivia Friday:  The person with the closest answer wins a 6" cake!  How many Molten Chocolate Cakes did we sell last month?  Or should I say how many of our guest's lives were changed after having a Molten Chocolate Cake?, Do you need that afternoon pick me up?  Stop by for one of our illy espresso, lattes, or cappuccinos., Thanks to Zagat for listing Finale as one of the "Top 5 Dessert Spots" in Boston!, Finale is Fox News's choice for Valentine's Day dessert in Boston! , We want to welcome the Model United Nations to Boston this week.  Come to Finale Desserterie and get 10% off when you show your badge., What is your favorite Finale Hot Chocolate Flavor? , Hot Chocolate Flight.....the only kryptonite to such a cold day!, Who was at the Boston Bruins  game today? What a win!!!!, Don't delay in making your reservation! Just six more days left!, Finale Friends....we need your help getting onto The Best Dessert in Boston ballot.  Please click on this link and put Finale on as a "write in".  We all know we have the best desserts in Boston and it's only fair to everyone else, that they know too.  Thanks for your support!!  http://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/2012/vote/food/desserts#TOPCONTENT, Check out our two and three course menu we'll be offering on Valentine's Day. Make your reservation today! http://www.finaledesserts.com/mc/upload/Valentines_Menu_2012_PP1.pdf, Finale Trivia: The person with the closest answer gets a free 6" cake!  Here at Finale we LOVE Valrhona Chocolate.  How much do you think we go through in a year?, Get flirty this Valentine's Day at Finale!, Score some extra points with your friends and bring some Finale desserts to your super bowl party!!!, Come try one of the new items on our menu, Sweet Potato Lasagna....yum, Don't be the guy who doesn't bring his sweetheart to Finale for Valentine's Day....make your reservation today!!, So nice to hear some happy news for the hoidays!, Merry Christmas Eve! What's everyone doing tonight?, null, Rebel Santa Claus!, Any of our hot toddies. Baileys and Frangelico. Hot chocolate! , Big party last night @ Park Plaza - Plated desserts for 85? Thanks Brandon & Maria!, Wishing all of our friends out there a Happy Hanukkah!, We guess Santa would be a hockey fan... and we're sure he was rooting for the Boston Bruins, Okay, that cold yesterday was no joke. We're now clinging to our hot chocolate and never letting go! http://bo.st/ufC8Nq, Photos (C) Bailey Ratta, Holiday tasting tonight at Park Plaza! We'll see you at 6:30!, I wish! No more fighting for a cab home after we close the place down!, Don't miss out on another one of our fabulous tasting events! RSVP now by calling 617-423-3184., Charity event tonight with 500 mini cheesecakes in tow.. should be fun!, Santas in Speedos! Gotta love the holidays!, Did someone say Pumpkin Cheese Cake?? Don't forget to reserve your spot for our holiday tasting event on December 6th! , null, We have two tickets to the Jose Mateo Ballet Theatre's production of The Nutcracker at the Sanctuary Theatre (Dec. 1-18th) in Harvard Square. Tell us your favorite holiday dessert, and they could be yours!, Take a little break from shopping and refuel with us. Illy coffee & some cheesecake.. yum!, So who else was out shopping at midnight? Crazy stuff! Did you get anything good --  was it worth it??, Recently we hosted one of our blogger friends for a tasting of our homestyle  desserts and she loved them! Check out her blog post here..., The idea of being at Target on Black Friday terrifies us.. but this story restores a little hope., Great photos! Thanks for all the kind words :), We're craving Pumpkin Cheesecake for Turkey Day! Don't forget to order yours today! We'll also throw in a $10 Appreciation Card just for you!, Let us handle dessert for your holiday dinner -- pre-order a cake/pie! We'll give you a $10 GC for every $25 order. Give a gift, get a gift!, Someone on Twitter wondered if we'd make a Bruins-themed dessert... what do you think would go in something like that?, Loving the Boston Bruins' streak -- go B's!, We're getting a taste of what's to come, weather-wise.. and we don't like it! An illy cappuccino (with or without some Baileys & Frangelico) can probably make us feel better., Happy Sunday! Pats vs. Jets tonight.. what are your gametime snacks? Go Patriots!, Cindy Lou & the Grinch!, Interior shot in the Whoville living room.. Oh Christmas tree, oh Christmas tree.., Here's Nicole & Zailda's house! Whoville looks delicious :), Congrats to Nicole & Zailda for winning "Best in Show" and "Most Creative" at 18th Annual Gingerbread House Competition! Way to go, ladies!!!, Berry cobbler straight from the oven.. probably about to burn my tongue., National Sandwich Day! We're hungry... Lobster Roll it is!, Love it!, null, Don't miss out on one of our best tasting events of the year! There's still time to make a reservation! , Happy Halloween! Come in to any location tonight in costume & you could win free dessert. Have fun & be safe tonight!, What is everyone dressing up as for Halloween? (More importantly, are you dressing up your dog?!), How is everyone celebrating National Chocolate Day? Tell us & you could win a free 4" chocolate cake of your choice!, Chocolate mousse.. chocolate cake.. (& yes you CAN eat those flowers if you really want to.), null, Tonight's the finale of BRAVO's Top Chef Just Desserts... watch it while eating lots of dessert, and you'll feel like you're really there! (Or something like that.) Who's gonna win??, Book your holiday party for 25+ people with us by 11/15, and get our delicious dessert buffet for just $12 per person! Chocolate mousse cups, cheesecake, fruit & cream tarts... yum!, null, Happy Friday! Big plans for the weekend?, Raiiin raiiin go away... Well, at least it's finally hot chocolate season :), Alright, World Series starts tonight! Rangers vs. Cardinals -- Who do you like?, Don't forget, it's National Dessert Month! Buy a sampler, get a free molten. Bring a friend and indulge!, Who's coming to see us at StyleFixx at the BCA tonight? It's rainy, it's cold, we know. But we have free cake! (& the swag bags are fabulous!), Still time to RSVP! , This weekend was nice and all, but we're ready for it to be fall and stay fall. Apples, leaves, cider, holidays.. bring it on!, Don't miss out on tomorrow's Coffee & Dessert Tasting - Still time to RSVP!, We've seen some romantic proposals, but these are fantastic. Who's got a good story about popping the question? http://bo.st/qya7FI, Let's go Boston Bruins! That's one good looking banner :), Freshly torched creme brulee at Park Plaza today -- one of our favorites!, Dessert Month Special -- F-R-E-E! molten chocolate with the purchase of a 9-piece dessert sampler through the end of October!, Congrats to our Chef Nicole Coady on winning "Best Live Demo" at the 2011 New England Dessert Showcase! http://bit.ly/qAMfk5, null, Finale is looking for a kitchen manager!, Attention all area students: (Harvard University, Boston University, Emerson College, Boston College...) We're looking for college ambassadors from all local schools to help us spread the word about Finale! Each month you'll get some cool perks, including $50 in free food! E-mail kasey.fielding@finaledesserts.com if you're interested!, Alright everyone, who's coming to our port tasting tonight?? Who wants to come for FREE.. with three friends?! Tell us why YOU wanna come! (Winner chosen by 4 PM!),  We're proud to be sponsoring the 2011 Boston Beauty Sample Sale hosted by @prettycity and Shape Magazine. Check out the event at www.beautysamplesale.com and the first 10 Finale Desserts friends to RSVP to the event get free tickets with code “VIPfinale!”, We <3 social media -- & Bentley! Thanks to all the students who helped get our sweet stuff together. Check out the Herald article from this wk: http://bit.ly/qdlfo0, null, Our next tasting event is coming up in a few weeks.. We're giving away a table for 4 at our Port Tasting in September! Tell us why YOU wanna go!, We're gearing up for tonight's Summer Drink & Dessert Tasting! Who else will be joining us??, Put this on your "To Do List" for this evening! Check out our Summer Drink and Dessert Tasting tonight and again on August 9th!, (c) Bailey Ratta, null, We've still got some spaces open for our Summer Cocktail tasting event tonight in Coolidge Corner -- call 617.232.3233 and get on the list!, Don't forget to check out our Summer Drinks & Dessert Tasting next Tuesday! Can't make it next Tues? Well, we have two more events on 8/2 and 8/9. Don't miss out!, http://bit.ly/reYqdk, Check it out! We were just rated by Zagat as one of Boston's Best Dessert Restaurants!! , Check out this awesome blog post from Living the Healthy Life! Sounds like they enjoyed our Dessert Sampler! Which dessert from the sampler do you enjoy the most?, Yesterday was our birthday -- 13 years at Park Plaza & loving every sweet minute! What's everyone's favorite bday treat??, Chef Coady demonstrates her super easy--& delicious--white chocolate panna cotta with fresh berries on how2heroes! http://bit.ly/mkyMHA, Happy Summer! It's a beautiful day. We're thinking an iced mocha and a fresh salad on the patio.., Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there! What did everyone do today?, null, Game 7 tonight, who do you think will win? We're rooting for the Bruins!, Visit our friends Ciao Bella Gelato at the Scooper Bowl today in City Hall Plaza. Perfect day for LOTS of ice cream & to help The Jimmy Fund!, It's HOT today -- Bring on that Ciao Bella Gelato! Gotta eat it fast out on the patio at Park Plaza or we'll need a straw..., Buy one Boston Cream pastry get one free when you mention this tweet from now til the end of the NHL playoffs -- go Bruins!, Beer & Dessert Tasting coming May 17th.  Reserve your spot now at 617.232.3233!!, HELP WANTED! 

We take pride in our work and we have fun while we’re doing it. Our company culture emphasizes empowering entrepreneurial people to deliver bend-over-backward service while maintaining an unwavering commitment to quality.

To apply, please email Vice President of Operations, Chris Kane at apply@finaledesserts.com or mail to 9 Travis Street, Allston, MA 02134., Limited seating is still available for our Chocolate Tasting Event featuring the Chocolate Crescendo plate. Executive Pastry Chef, Nicole Coady has incorporated hints of exotic Thai flavors into her chocolate creations all while being paired with a selection of dessert wines!
Tue, 3/8. $19.99. Call now to reserve, 617.232.3233., All chocolate lovers are invited to experience a unique Chocolate Tasting Event featuring our newest sweet sensation - the Chocolate Crescendo plate.  Executive Pastry Chef, Nicole Coady will take guests on a culinary adventure by incorporating hints of exotic Thai flavors into her chocolate creations all while being paired with a selection of dessert wines!
Tue, 3/8.  $19.99.  Call now to reserve, 617.232.3233., Finale Tea Tasting Update!  Our first tasting sold out but we've added a second!  Join us on Wednesday 2/23 at Finale Coolidge Corner as Cynthia Gold and Lisë Stern, authors of Culinary Tea introduce us to a taste of tea creations.  The book shows how to incorporate teas, such as black, green, oolong, and white, into delicious desserts and heady cocktails. Call to reserve your spot!  617.232.3233, Need a last-minute Valentine? Make someone's day by surprising them with a "present-text" on their phone! http://kggft.com/H15SE, Have you ever sent a Valentine's gift to your sweetheart's phone? Personalize and treat someone to Finale goodness http://kggft.com/H15SE. , Tiramisu Martini, null, null, New Meatloaf Sliders with Sweet Potato Fries have arrived.  Come in for dinner and try our new menu items.  And don't forget to stay for dessert!, Now taking reservations for Boston's premiere Valentine's Day destination!  Check out finaledesserts.com to view our special Prix-Fixe menu featuring the all new Chocolate Crescendo sharable dessert!, Don't forget!  In honor of National Soup Month we are giving a free cup of Tomato Cheddar Soup all month long with the purchase of any panini on our lunch menu.  Offer expires 1/31., Due to the storm, all Finale locations will be delayed in their opening.  Please check www.finaledesserts.com for more information later in the day., Happy New Year to all of our fans!  Thank you for another great year in 2010.  We look forward to seeing all of you back in 2011., Last minute stocking stuffer ideas.  Finale Gift Cards - purchase $50 worth and receive a $10 Appreciation Card for yourself.  Stop by any Finale location., Last Call!!! National Pie Day and National Pastry Day ends today. Come in and receive 25% off of our creamy Pumpkin Pie (8" & 10" sizes) and enjoy either a 4 piece pastry box for only $16 or a 9 piece box for only $32 (reg $22 & $42)!!!, Celebration ends tomorrow!  Don't miss out on National Pie Day and National Pastry Day. Come in and receive 25% off of our creamy Pumpkin Pie (8" & 10" sizes) and enjoy either a 4 piece pastry box for only $16 or a 9 piece box for only $32 (reg $22 & $42)!!!, Limited seating still available for tonight's Holiday Tasting at Finale Coolidge Corner.  Call 617.232.3233 to reserve your seat.  $19.99, 6:30p-8p., Don't miss out on our 9 Day Dessert Celebration honoring National Pie Day and National Pastry Day.  Come in and receive 25% off of our creamy Pumpkin Pie  (8" & 10" sizes) and enjoy either a 4 piece pastry box for only $16 or a 9 piece box for only $32 (reg $22 & $42)!!!

Offer Ends 12/9., Celebrate National Pie & Pastry Day!!!  Come into any Finale location and get 25% off of our creamy Pumpkin Pie (8" & 10" sizes) and enjoy either a 4 piece pastry box for only $16 or a 9 piece box for only $32 (reg $22 & $42)!!!, 9 Day Dessert Celebration Begins Today! Come into any Finale location and get 25% off of our creamy Pumpkin Pie (8" & 10" sizes) and enjoy either a 4 piece pastry box for only $16 or a 9 piece box for only $32 (reg $22 & $42)!!!, Holiday Tasting 12/7 @ 6:30p, Finale Coolidge Corner.
Hosted by Executive Pastry Chef Nicole Coady.
We pair our popular holiday desserts with an assortment of wine pairings!, FREE Gift with Thanksgiving Bakery Orders!!  Call your nearest location for details., Dont' forget about Finale's version of The Boston Tea party next week in Coolidge Corner.  Tea & Dessert Tasting hosted by Executive Pastry Chef, Nicole Coady and Mark Mooradian, founder of MEM TEA IMPORTS.

Call 617.232.3233 to reserve - $19.99, Today is National Sandwich Day - Buy 1, Get 1 Free from 11-3p at all Finale locations!, We are nominated for Best Dessert category on City's Best.  To vote for Finale follow this link...

http://www.citysbest.com/boston/restaurants/, Learn how to make Lemon Pound Cake...

http://how2heroes.com/videos/dessert-and-baked-goods/lemon-pound-cake  

http://how2heroes.com/videos/dessert-and-baked-goods/lemon-curd, Holiday Baking Demo with Finale's Executive Pastry Chef, Nicole Coady.

Learn the secrets of Finale as Nicole shares her recipe and creates an Apple Cider Coffee Cake, perfect for the holiday season!

TUE 10/19, 6:30 p.m. @ Finale Park Plaza., Holiday Baking Demo with Finale's Executive Pastry Chef, Nicole Coady.

Learn the secrets of Finale as Nicole shares her recipe and creates an Apple Cider Coffee Cake, perfect for the holiday season!

TUE 10/19, 6:30 p.m. @ Finale Park Plaza. 
Call now to reserve, 617.423.3184.
Seating is limited., October is our favorite month because it is NATIONAL DESSERT MONTH. Stop by any Finale all month long and get a FREE Molten Chocolate Cake (our signature dessert) when you purchase our Dessert Sampler!!!, FREE BROWNIE?  You bet!  Come into any Finale and enjoy a Free Brownie with your lunch order.  Offer expires 9/30., Come in and try our new menu items including our warm Cookies & Cream plate, featuring an Izze Blackberry Float and our award-winning whoopie pie!

Also check out our new Savory Menu items like our Sweet Potato Lasagna, Chipotle Shrimp Pizza and Roasted Onion & Bacon Quiche., To celebrate our Best of Boston 2010 win, we will be giving away a FREE WHOOPIE PIE with every lunch and dinner order!  Or stop by our bakery case and buy any 3 Whoopie Pies, get the 4th free!  Offer ends August 10th, 2010., THIS JUST IN!!! Boston Magazine, Best of Boston 2010 - Finale Whoopie Pies.

These whoopie pies are oh-my-gosh delicious.  Imagine the Finale Triple Chocolate Cookies filled with one of our creamy fillings.  Try the original white chocolate cream cheese icing or peanut butter crème., Summer Fun & Fruity Drink Tasting
Tuesday, July 27, 2010
Finale Coolidge Corner
630p - 8p
7/20 Tasting Sold Out! 
BUT WE HAVE ADDED ANOTHER!
Tuesday, July 27th our Summer Fun & Fruity drinks are paired with a selection of desserts chosen by Executive Pastry Chef Nicole Coady. 
Peach Cosmopolitan paired with Crème Brûlée
Tropical Sunset paired with Key Lime Tart
Park Avenue Princess paired with Finale Cheesecake
Tiramisu Martini paired with Hazelnut Financier
Chocolate Bliss Martini paired with Whoopie Pie
Only $19.99 per guest.  Reserve your spot now as this event will be sure to fill up!, Hey Finale Fans! Stop by for our Sweet & Savory Summer offering, 2 Dinners + 2 Desserts for $29.99.  A great deal with select options from our evening menu. Hard to beat that., Our Summer Fun & Fruity Drink Tasting is only four days away! Call 617-232-3233 to reserve your spot today.  $19.99 a person for multiple drinks and desserts!, Summer Fun & Fruity Drink Tasting
Tuesday, July 20, 2010
Finale Coolidge Corner
630p - 8p
OUR MOST POPULAR TASTING EVENT IS BACK! 
Coming Tuesday, July 20th we pair our Summer Fun & Fruity drinks with a selection of desserts chosen by Executive Pastry Chef Nicole Coady. 
Peach Cosmopolitan paired with Crème Brûlée
Tropical Sunset paired with Key Lime Tart
Park Avenue Princess paired with Finale Cheesecake
Tiramisu Martini paired with Hazelnut Financier
Chocolate Bliss Martini paired with Whoopie Pie
$19.99 per guest. Reserve your spot now as this event will be sure to fill up!, Summer Wine Nights All Summer Long.  $12.99 Select Bottles of Wine Mon-Wed, Sweet and Savory Summer
Get 2 Dinners + 2 Desserts for 1 sweet price of $29.99.  A sensational deal with select options available from our evening menu., CELEBRATE SUMMER AT FINALE. 
Finale in Coolidge Corner is hosting Summer Wine Nights all season long! Add a select bottle of wine to your meal for only $12.99.   Compliment any entrée or dessert with a bottle of wine featuring aromas of ripe plum fruit with alluring notes of coffee and vanilla, for example. $12.99 bottles are available Monday through Wednesday., This week we introduced Lemon Pound Cake with Sweet Tea Granité, four fun Dessert Panini served on grilled white cake and a variety of lunch and dinner options!, null, Finale's cutest fan award?, Rain, rain, go away..., null, finally feels like spring!, null, Baby it's cold outside... Join us for a hot toddy and a molten chocolate cake!, You still have time to make reservations for Valentine's weekend! Show your sweetheart how much you care with the best dessert in the city. Hope to see you this weekend!, Valentine's Day is coming soon! Have you made your plans yet? Call us for reservations., null)