List(Bruins play the Blackhawks today at 12:30.  Come in and catch the game.  Pizza starts at noon., Let it snow, let it snow,let it snow. Are you serious?, A nice shout out in the Boston Herald on Sunday from columnist Jim Sullivan.  Thanks so much!  We really appreciate it. 

http://www.bostonherald.com/opinion/op_ed/2016/03/sullivan_lenten_sacrifices_rich_rewards, Run on in and try the Sam Adams 26.2....., Making plans for Easter Sunday.  Don't want to go to brunch or pay downtown prices?  Check out our specials., Are you ready for Easter?  Why not shop local and stop in for lunch or an early dinner after?, Looking for dinner ideas for tonight..., Making Easter plans? Hop on in to see us...., Yet another sign of Spring...Red Sox schedule magnets.  Come on in and grab one., Almost pizza time!, What a beautiful Saturday!  Come in and catch some NCAA basketball games or grab a seat at 7pm as they drop the puck for the NU vs UMASS Lowell game.  Who is ready?, Happy St. Patrick's Day from Maureen and Cheryl!, Doing the happy dance.  Pizza starts at 11:30 today!  Bring in the kids for pizza and corned beef!, Happy St. Patrick's Day to all our friends far and near.  If you are in the area, stop in for some corned beef and cabbage.   Treat yourself., St. Patrick's Day is almost here!  We are ready.  We will have corned beef (red or gray) and cabbage dinner on tomorrow all day and Sunday!, Happy Sunday!  We are excited to be a finalist in best pizza at boston.com/uncommon.   Thank you to all who voted for us.  It is an honor!  If you didn't get a chance to vote, we would appreciate it!  The link is below.  Thanks so much!  We have the best customers., Understatement of the day....It's a beautiful day in Roslindale!, Can you hear the pizza calling your name?  Come on in!  Saturday night, the Bruins are on and the pizza is piping hot!, Whether you have hockey or pizza on the brain....we will have them both here tonight.  Game starts at 6:30pm.  Go Bs!, #tbt How is this for old school.  Love that the phone number is still on phone.  Who remembers using one of these to place their pizza order?, Anyone in the mood for onion rings?, A misty Wednesday here in Roslindale.  Make our day....come in for lunch., Looking for something to do tonight?  Come in, grab a pizza and watch the Bs play the Stars.  Go Bruins!, Happy President's Day!  Pizza ovens are already on.  Come on in and grab a late lunch or early dinner!, The way to a person's heart is through their stomach...., We love when customers share pictures of their homes with us!  Happy Friday!, Pizza ovens are ready.  Starting at noon today for Ash Wednesday.  Great lunch idea for today.  Come on in., Today's Ash Wednesday.  Pizzas start at 11:30 and we will have the dinner menu all day., The snow has finally stopped and the shoveling is done.  Come see us today!  We have something for everyone on Fat Tuesday!, A World Series ring is in the house! Lucky Maureen!, Done shoveling or playing in the snow?  Come on in then.  We are here., Here is a great lunch idea.  Hungry?, What a beautiful February day in Roslindale.   We will take it.  Gorgeous sky!, Looking for dinner ideas?  This was taken today by one of our Facebook friends and we think it makes the perfect dinner combination.  Pizza and an ice cold Sam Adams Cold Snap.  Come on in!, Why am I so hungry?  Lunchtime!!, We have our favorite painting for our next event on March 1.  What painting do you like?, PATRIOTS contest today! Enter final score without going over (Pats 30 Broncos 0). Tiebreaker question who scores first rushing touchdown. $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and t-shirt. GO PATS!!, Wanna score a touchdown with your friends?  Show up with Pleasant pizza., A late lunch or early dinner perhaps?, Nothing like our homemade chicken tortilla soup to warm you up at lunchtime.  Just finished in time for lunch.  Maureen would love to see you., This weekend is looking "ify" so why not get out tonight to watch the Bruins game with us.  Might as well have a pizza and some beer to go with the game., Hungry yet?, No more guesses on our contest since the game has started.  GO PATS!!!!, PATRIOTS contest tonight! Enter final score without going over (Pats 30 Chiefs 0). Tiebreaker question who scores first rushing touchdown. $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and t-shirt. GO PATS!!, A great article about Roslindale to start the weekend of right.  

http://cravingboston.wgbh.org/article/20160108/classic-rozzie-keeping-new, Thank you all for the kind words, memories of Jack and prayers you have sent for Jack and his family.  We wanted to send you all the link for his obituary.  

http://www.legacy.com/obituaries/bostonglobe/obituary.aspx?pid=177178703, To our friend, partner and one of a kind gentleman, Jack Lynch, you will be missed.  Jack passed away yesterday surrounded by his family.  Please keep his family in your prayers.  God Bless You Jack!  Rest in peace., null, null, Happy New Year Everyone!!  Hope 2016 is an amazing year for all.  Winter Classic is on at 1pm.  If you aren't lucky enough to be there, come on in and catch the game with us!, Last specials of 2015!  Happy New Years everyone!, Headed to a New Years Eve party?  Why not bring a Pleasant pizza?  Pizzas start today at 11:30am as does the full dinner menu.  Enjoy the last day of 2015!  Have fun, be safe, eat pizza!, Why cook?, Out running around doing returns. Let us do the cooking and wait on you today., Merry Christmas to all our friends near and far! We are closed today so we can celebrate with our family and friends. Merry Christmas everyone!, Our Christmas Elf on the Shelf..., Don't forget pizzas start today at 11:30am and we will be serving our full dinner menu until 5pm. Last minute shopping? We have gift cards and t-shirts for all. Merry Merry Christmas!, Making plans for Christmas Eve? We will be serving full menu and pizza beginning at 11:30am.  We will be closing at 6:00pm to spend time with our family and friends.  We wish everyone a happy and healthy holiday., With Christmas sneaking up on us, we thought we would suggest a last minute gift idea., On Friday December 18, we lost a legend and true gentleman, George Parrelli.  George was a beloved family man, friend and tireless worker.  He worked at the Pleasant Cafe as our bartender for 70 years until he retired in 2008.  We cannot express how much he will be missed.  Please keep Jean and her family in your prayers.  God Bless You George!

https://youtu.be/dln0FpVVhAM, Didn't find what you were looking for at the mall?  We can help!  Come see us tonight for dinner and grab a gift card on your way home., Which pizza would you give the biggest thumbs up to?  Cheese or pepperoni?, Can the Celtics end Golden State's streak?  Come catch the game with us if you are not lucky enough to have tickets., Love the morning view of Boston., Happy Wednesday!!, Almost time.....Go PATS!!, A great start to the holiday season. Thank you for the treats!  We have such AWESOME customers!!, null, null, Tomorrow is #shopsmall Saturday.  Come on in and see us!, null, Run from the leftovers..., Many blessings on this Thanksgiving Day to all our friends and family.  We are closed today so everyone can celebrate with their loved ones., Pizzas start at noon today!  Grab a couple to go and leave the cooking to us., Mondays are better with Monday Night Football.  Go PATS!!, Anyone going to game tonight?  If not, come catch the game with us.  Who are you routing for?, Anyone else hungry on hump day?  Ovens are on and pizzas will be starting in an hour.  Tick tick tock..., Looking for a fun Saturday afternoon?  Why not visit the farmers market and then stop in for lunch or an early dinner.  Just a thought., Remembering all our Veterans today!  Thank you for your service to our country!!  Pizzas start at 11:30am today., Thinking of this year's Christmas card yet?  Stop in to Birch St. House & Garden for some ideas.  We see a card here we really like! :-), New on tap at the Pleasant Cafe!  Come on in and try a pint with a piping hot bacon, jalapeño and pineapple pizza.   What do you think?, If you were not able to get tickets for tonight's sold out event at the Pleasant Cafe, mark your calendar for the next paint party - 12/1.  Have fun tonight everyone!, Tonight is the night.  Anyone coming?, Good morning Boston!  Another gorgeous day.  Come see us this weekend if you are around., Great day for some Patriots football.  Come on in for some football staples...pizza, wings and rings!  Go Pats!! Photo taken by Serious Eats., Love this picture taken by a customer this month.   Happy Friday!, The most important question of the day....do you cut your pizza with a fork and knife or pick it up and enjoy it as is?, PATRIOTS contest tonight!  Enter final score without going over (Pats 50 Indy 0).  Tiebreaker question who scores first rushing touchdown.   $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and t-shirt.   GO PATS!!, Getting ready for the fun at Taste of Roslindale, Who is going tonight?, A legend was spotted behind the bar yesterday.  Did anyone see him?, Contest ends tonight. Enter your favorite all time hockey player to be entered to win.    Go Bs!, Bruins are back in action tomorrow.  Let's celebrate with a contest $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and Pleasant shirt.  Winner will be randomly chosen.  All guesses must be in by drop of the puck tomorrow.   To enter just comment below with your favorite all time hockey player.  Good luck!  Go Bs., Sipdipanddabble returns to the Pleasant Cafe Nov. 3.  Check out their website for details.  Why not make a plan to meet some friends, enjoy some food and drinks and create a wonderful painting all in the same night?, Supporting a great cause at the Irish Social Club.  Come on by and see us., Going to the parade Sunday?  Why not continue the fun after the parade at The Pleasant Cafe?, Perfect day for a bowl of piping hot chicken noodle soup., #tbt Found this today on http://khawkinsphotoanddesign.blogspot.com.  Does it bring you back?, A little Facebook humor for a rainy Wednesday., Why not grab a side of homemade onion rings tonight with your pizza?  Just a suggestion., Thinking about dinner?  We are!!  Come on in and see us.  Pizzas start in less than an hour., Anyone going to the game tonight?  Come in before and grab one of our end of the summer specials....baked stuffed 1 1/4 lb lobster or lemon caper filet of sole.  What a great night for football!, Today is National Burger Day!  Come see us and treat yourself to a Pleasant Cafe burger.  Each burger is handmade fresh - no frozen patties here.  Order it just how you like it.   Hungry yet?, This might be something to see....
http://www.rte.ie/sport/gaa/2015/0915/727973-dublin-and-galway-hurlers-set-for-boston-clash/, We have the best and most talented customers!, Congratulations Big Papi on #500!!!, It's almost time! Call in your pizza order now (617-323-2111) or come in and catch the game with us.  We still have the Patriots magnets., Happy Labor Day Weekend to all.   If you are in the area, come try our BBQ baby back ribs or grilled lamb chops both on special today.   Leave the grilling to us., Congratulations to Tom Brady!  Come in tonight and watch the game and grab your Patriots magnet on the way out!, Question of the day....., Anyone thinking about dinner already?, These gorgeous days of summer are flying by.  Come in tonight for one of our most popular summer specials...1 1/4 baked stuffed lobster., Another beautiful day in Roslindale!  Come in and see us if you are around.  Pizza is an awesome addition to a cookout :-), Don't forget to support our local merchants at the Roslindale Farmers Market Saturday.  Stop in after for lunch., #tbt  to the beginning of August with this one.  After dinner at the Courtyard in Cataumet, we had the pleasure of meeting owner and former Boston Bruin, Jay Miller.  The hockey players in our group were overjoyed!  Great night!, Headed to Zac Brown tonight at Fenway for the last show? Stop in for dinner on your way to the show or on your way home.  Kitchen is open til 11:30pm., Don't want to do the work?  You don't have to.   1 1/4 lb baked lobster stuffed with our homemade seafood stuffing and scallops on special tonight.  Get them while you can., Making weekend plans already? Be sure to include Pleasant Pizza in your plans., Come on in tonight, grab a pizza with friends and remember your favorite Pedro memories., Good morning Roslindale!!  Enjoy this beautiful day., #tbt Going back just a couple years today...., Be the hero of the pool party!  Too hot to light the grill. Call in your order now.  617-323-2111, Taste of summer on special tonight 1 1/4 lb baked lobster stuffed with our homemade seafood stuffing and scallops.  Pairs nicely with a glass of William Hill Chardonnay., Lobsters on special again tonight.  Get them before they are gone!  Also, if you see Maureen serving one up...snap a picture.  We need a new one!, Finally...summer is here which means on special tonight baked stuffed 1 1/4 lb lobsters. Get one before they are gone! — with Maureen Shaughnessy., Let Jack W serve you an ice cold summer shandy with your lunch.  Perfect warm summer drink day., Don't forget to enter the contest!  All entries must be received by midnight tonight!, Enter to win a $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and Pleasant t-shirt.   Simply name your favorite Red Sox player....past, present or future.    Winner will be chosen randomly.  All entries must be received by Sunday at midnight.  Good luck!, Come on in and see us!!, Happy Thursday!  Almost to the weekend.  Come on through this door today and grab some pizzas to go or sit down and relax.  Let us do the work!, Monday...hummm...buffalo chicken pizza will change your opinion of Monday., Happy 4th of July!!!  Come in before or after the fireworks.  Kitchen is open til 11:30pm., Wishing you all a Happy 4th of July!  We are open all weekend so come in and see us.  God Bless America!, Thank you to the Roslindale Historical Society for the wonderful shout out today.  We loved the write up.  Thank you so much!, Need a new summer shirt?  We have plenty of Pleasant Cafe shirts in black, light blue and white with green.   Drop on in and pick one up., Don't let a rainy Sunday get you down...., Friday night = Pizza night.  Come see us!, Congratulations to all those graduating from preschool to high school or just moving on to your next adventure.  Remember to come in and see us and chat about memories while making some new ones., Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there!  If you are in the area, come on in and see us!, Don't make DAD grill tomorrow.  Let us do the work.  We will have something for everyone!, Beautiful morning in Roslindale!, Congratulations to the Pleasant Cafe Ironbirds - Westwood Little League International Champions 2015.   What a great game!, When is your pizza night?, #tbt Going back to the 80s today., What to have for lunch?  Here's an idea...., Half sauceless pizza.  Looks like a sunset to me., Summer lunch special today...swordfish kabobs.  Hits the spot!, It's almost that time....., The Blue Angels will be flying over Boston today around lunchtime.  Always an amazing sight!, What a gorgeous Memorial Day.   Pizzas start at noon today.  Stop in a grab some for the cookouts, pools or backyard relaxing., Remembering all those who served.   Have a safe Memorial Day weekend., Skip on in for lunch....tell Donna hello...and grab something different.  How does a cheeseburger club sound?, To all those today with first communions, graduations, recitals, games etc.  Have a wonderful day!  Come in and see us after.  We have something to make everyone smile.  See for yourself...., It's Friday!  Time for pizza!, Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful moms out there!  Enjoy your special day., Still trying to make plans for Mother's Day?  Check out our specials.  Something to make Mom smile!, Gorgeous day for some baseball!   Enjoy it.  Drop in after and catch the derby while having some pizza.  Sound good?, Thank you to everyone who voted on WCVB last week for the Pleasant Cafe!  We were listed as one of the favorites.  Thank you thank you!, Tapped the Sam Summer last night!  Why not start the weekend early tonight and come in with some friends.   Food, friends and froth. Sound good?, WCVB Channel 5 Boston is running a poll about favorite local pizza.   Thank you to all who have mentioned us.  We appreciate it!, Good luck to all the runners today!  If you see Michael R give him a big shout.  He was "carb-ing" up last night at The Pleasant Cafe.  Good luck Michael!, Thoughts on bacon?, Nice shout out today from Boston's Hidden Restaurant.  Great way to start a Tuesday!, There is still time to share this post and automatically be entered to will $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and shirt.  The contest ends at the last out., Opening Day Contest Time!   A little different this time.  Share this post and your name will be entered into a drawing to win $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and t-shirt.   Drawing will be done after final out of today's game.  GO SOX!!, Who are you routing for tonight?  BU or Providence?  Why not come in and discuss over a piping hot pizza?, First pizza of the night.  Hungry?, Happy Hump Day!  Lots of Boston sports today and they all go with Pleasant pizza., 3:05pm is almost here.  You ready?, Easter Blessings to our friends far and near.  If you are in the area come on in for dinner today.  We have something for everyone!, Easter Sunday Specials!  Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday!, Fish cakes are on the special board tonight.  Come on down!, Welcome April!  Did you make your Easter plans yet? Give us a call 617 323-2111.  We have something for everyone., Thought we would share this BPD update.   Sending prayers for Officer Moynihan., Don't let the snow bum you out!  Bruins vs. Rangers at 1pm.  I am ready.....are you?, If you see Sandy tonight or this weekend make sure you wish her a happy birthday! HAPPY HAPPY Sandy!, Spring has sprung although it doesn't feel like it.   Our fried clams can change that.  Come in tonight for fried clams served with fries, our homemade cole slaw and tarter sauce.   Start with a cup of chowder to make it a real seafood experience., #tbt Going all the way back to last week.  Couldn't resist posting these fun pictures of Maureen on St. Patrick's Day., Sure sign of Spring....Red Sox magnets.   Stop in and grab one with lunch or dinner., March madness starts today.  Sorry to see Northeastern go!!  More games tonight so come on in to catch the action., Congratulations to the Catholic Memorial Basketball Team.  Division 1 Champs!!  Way to go!!, HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!   Come on in for a traditional corned beef dinner.  We would love to see you.   Pizzas start at 11:30am as well!  Enjoy!, Finalizing plans for St. Patrick's Day tomorrow?  Don't make any decisions until you see our specials :-), Join us today for a traditional Irish boiled dinner.  Your choice of red or gray corned beef served with cabbage, carrots, potatoes and turnip.   At $11.00 it is the best price around., Skipping ahead to dinner... homemade fish cakes are back tonight!  Get them while they last., Lunch is served!, Peek-a-boo.   Time for a pizza or two!, Anyone headed to check out the train show open house today?  Come on in for pizza after and make a day of it.  
http://www.bsmrm.org/, Selling some girl scout cookies tonight!  Come grab some cookies while they last., Anyone besides me thinking about dinner already?  Almost pizza time!, Just in case you are thinking about dinner already., Getting the prep work done just in time for lunch.  On special today is steak and beans! We start serving lunch at 11:30.  Come on in and see us!, Must admit that a wee bit of snow on the neon looks cool.   The pizza is calling you..., Lent begins today which means it is time to bring back our homemade fishcakes. Made from scratch with the freshest haddock and seasoned to perfection. We will also be starting pizzas at 11:30am., Sick of snow?  Come in next week for sipdipanddabbles painting event... at least it looks like spring!  http://www.sipdipanddabble.com/#!product/prd1/3505205321/phalanopsis-orchid-the-pleasant-cafe-february-24t, Tired of shoveling or did you miss celebrating Valentine's Day last night? Stop by.  We are open and have lots of great specials., Valentine's Day Specials.  Dinner menu all day so come in before the snow.  Specials today are prime rib, seafood trio, baked stuffed shrimp, lamb chops, veal marsala, filet mignon and fisherman's platter.   Thank you to Maureen for the picture below.  She is waiting to see you all!, Nothing says love like a satisfied belly!  We can help in that department., A nice shout out to The Pleasant Cafe here.  Thanks so much VisitingNewEngland.com - New England Vacations., Eating out tonight?  Why drive all over Boston looking for a spot?  We have plenty of parking available for our customers.  Come on down!, Made your valentine plans yet?  Give us a call., Wouldn't both of these taste delicious right now?  Come on in and see us.  We are open!, Definitely a 2 pizza storm....at least!, Recommendation for today. Grab a menu. Have a seat. We will be right with you., #tbt Cool The Pleasant Cafe framed collection found at Picture Framing in Norwood., Anyone venture into the parade?, No leftovers from the big party? Come on in!  Pizza started at 1pm today., Congratulations to our New England Patriots!  What a game!, CONTEST TIME...2.5 hrs. til kickoff.  $25 Pleasant Cafe gift card and tshirt to the person who guesses closest to the final score...eg. Pats 21 Seahawks 7. Tiebreaker Brady total passing yards. GO PATS!!!, Bummed out with the usual Superbowl food.  Be the hero of the party and grab some Pleasant pizzas on your way to the party.  GO PATS!!!, What a beautiful day in Roslindale today!  Who is gearing up for the big weekend?, Finally done shoveling?  Pizzas start at 2:30pm today so come on in and treat yourself.  You deserve it!, This is what we do on snow days., Pizzas started at 3:00pm today for all heading home early.   Safe travels!, Forget bread and milk...grab some pizza on your way home from work tonight.  Delicious hot or cold!!, Almost dinner time.  Who's hungry?, What do you guys think of the painting coming up at our next sipdipanddabble event?  If you like it and want a night out check out their website for details., $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and tshirt to the person who guesses closest to the final score...eg. Pats 21 Indy 7. Tiebreaker Brady total passing yards. GO PATS!!!, It's almost time!!  Call in your pizza order or come in and catch the game here.  GO PATS!!!!!!!, Just thinking about pizza night...., Countdown to Pats game.   Pats have their job...your job is to pick up The Pleasant Cafe.  GO PATS!!!!!!, #tbt Softball patch from 1955.  Anyone have one in their closet?, $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and t-shirt contest....guess who scores first tonight when the Bruins take on the Penguins.  Player, period, time of goal.  Good luck!!, Welcome 2015!  Hope it is a fabulous year for all!  Start the year off with a 1 1/4 baked stuffed lobster or prime rib dinner.   Pizzas start at 11:30am.   Thank you to all our customers who made 2014 a wonderful year!  We appreciate your loyalty and support!, New Year's Eve....already!!!!  Pizzas start at 11:30am today.  Come in before your festivities begin to fill your bellies, catch some Junior USA hockey or later catch the Bs play.  HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!, Mmmmmm......pepperoni!!, Want to continue the holiday celebrations?  Why not sign up for our January painting party - Jan. 6? Click on the link below for tickets.  It is always a great night! http://www.sipdipanddabble.com/#!product/prd1/3304936651/winter-birch-pleasant-cafe-january-6th, Did anyone get this ornament in their stocking?  We can't help you with that but we can redeem Pleasant gift cards.  Come on in and see us. Bring a couple friends. Continue the holiday fun!, Merry Christmas Everyone!  Wishing you all a wonderful holiday and the happiest New Year!, Wishing you and your family a wonderful Christmas and Peaceful 2015!  Pizzas start at 11:30am today., Haven't started shopping yet?  Don't panic.  We have plenty of gift cards and t-shirts to fill all your needs., Nothing tops off a day of shopping like a Pleasant Cafe pizza.  OR...you can skip the mall and do your shopping here., Are you ready?  Everyone loves a gift card....hint, hint., Looking for a gift idea?, Happy Monday!, Fish fry in New England today. Patriots take on the Dolphins at 1:00. Grab some pizzas for the game or your holiday get together. Anchovies anyone?, Bruins take on the Blackhawks tonight at 7pm.  Come in for dinner, catch the game and grab some gift cards and t shirts on the way out. Get it all accomplished here!, Thursday is "Boiled Dinner Day" at The Pleasant Cafe.  What a perfect day for it.  Don't forget to say hi to Donna on Facebook!, Just finished decorating.   I think I earned my buffalo chicken sandwich!!  Delicious., Can it be December already?, Come see us today for Small Business Saturday!  Grab a couple gift cards and get your Christmas shopping done early., Busy cleaning up? Take a break and come grab a pizza., Wishing you all have a wonderful Thanksgiving.  We are closed to spend the day with friends and family.  Hope to see you this weekend!, Why not bring the person making your Thanksgiving dinner a Pleasant Pizza? They would definitely be THANKFUL., We know tomorrow is a busy travel day, preparation day, but hopefully not a shoveling day.  Just want to let everyone know that pizzas start at lunch time tomorrow.    Gobble gobble!, Got a kick out of Tom Brady post this morning!  Kick off in an hour.  Go Pats!!, Friday night Bruins game!  Come in and catch the action -- maybe Seth Griffith will fly through the air again.  Try a ham, pineapple, and jalapeno pizza with an ice cold Sam Winter.  Just a suggestion :-), Come see us next Saturday.  We will be participating again in Small Business Saturday!, Thinking about a late dinner?  Come on in and catch the Bs and Blues.  Kitchen is open til 11:30pm, Time is ticking away til all guesses must be in.  Go New England Patriots!, How about a contest?  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and tshirt to the person who guesses closest to the final score...eg. Pats 21 Indy 7.   Tiebreaker Brady total passing yards.   GO PATS!!!, Who is in the mood for seafood? We have some great specials on tonight.  Seafood Trio, which has sweet scallops, fresh haddock, and shrimp topped with our homemade stuffing. We also have lemon caper filet of sole, broiled salmon, swordfish kabob, baked stuffed shrimp, or fried clams. How could I forget our anchovy pizza as well. Come in and try one., Ahhh....Friday! Celebrate the end of the work week with a BLT!  You deserve it!, Ever had a cheeseburger club from The Pleasant Cafe?  Why not make today the day!, Remembering all who have served today.  Thank you!  Pizzas start today at lunchtime., Thought for the BYE week....., Alabama/ LSU or Celtics/Bulls? We have them both on.  Kitchen is open until 11:30. Who's hungry?, Happy Friday!!! Lots of great specials on tonight. Have you tried our delicious Swordfish Kabob or slow cooked Roast Prime Rib of Beef?, Bruins take on the Oilers tonight.   Why not skip the cooking and come in and catch the game.   We just tapped the Sam Winter.  Yep...the Sam WINTER!, Anyone else tired from staying up all night?  Who watched till the wee hours?  Anyone anyone?, Check out our pepperoni pizza today on Boston's Hidden Restaurants.   We appreciate the attention and all the great comments!  Come grab one today after voting.  We are starting pizzas at 2pm for election day!, Today we say good bye and thank you to Mayor Menino.  

Below is a link of where you can pick up signs to hold along the route.  http://tommenino.org/2014/11/02/sign-pickup-locations/, Thank you to Mayor Marty Walsh and Senator Mike Rush for sharing this information.   Thought we would pass it along for anyone interested in extending their condolences., Sick of candy yet?  Come in for a delicious meal that does not include chocolate., Happy Halloween to all the little trick-or-treaters out there.  Pizza start at 11:30am today so grab a couple before you set out on your route.  Enjoy!, Such a sad day in Boston.  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Menino Family.  You will be missed Mr. Mayor!, Yes...you can create this beautiful painting!!!  Join us Tuesday evening, Nov. 4 and see for yourself.  We look forward to seeing you!, Wednesday night sports fun!  Celtics open up the season tonight and game 7 of the World Series.  We will have both games on and the kitchen will be open until 11:30pm (as usual).  Come on in!, Thought of the day...., Anyone looking for a fun night out?, Dinner time!, Friday, just delivered straight from the fish pier to Roslindale, day boat cod filets. It doesn't get any fresher. Try an order lightly topped with our own breadcrumbs and then broiled. Maybe a side of homemade coleslaw and mashed potatoes. Goes nicely with a glass of William Hill Chardonnay., It's almost quitting time.  Why not head straight to The Pleasant Cafe for dinner and the games?  Who thinks this sounds like a great idea?, Come in tonight and catch both games.  No need to flip channels., Columbus Day Weekend is finally here.  If you are in the neighborhood, stop in and see us.  We have lots of great specials to please all in your group.  Enjoy the long weekend., Bruins take on the Red Wings tonight!   Perfect night for a buffalo chicken pizza, ice cold Octoberfest and a game.  Don't forget to grab a magnet on your way home., Who is ready?  Come catch opening night and grab a Bruins magnet schedule while you are here.  Go Bs!, Roslindale Day Parade starts at 1pm today.  What a great day for it!  Why not come in and grab a pizza before or after.  Enjoy!!, Who is going to the parade on Sunday?, Happy October!, $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and shirt to the person who guesses tonight's final score without going over  e.g. Pats 10 Chiefs 0.  Tie breaker Brady's total passing yards.  Good luck!!, Monday Night Football. Patriots are going to Kansas City. Contest to follow., Enjoy this summer-like fall weekend!  Come in after all your activities and leave the cooking to us., Isn't this cute?  From one of our little fans., Pleasant Pizza goes great with all activities today from the Pats game to apple picking.  What will you be doing?, Anyone hungry?, Come out on this beautiful fall weekend and support our little guys on the gridiron with PYFFL.  Stop in after with your favorite little players for a pizza and Pleasant Cafe soda., What a perfect day for some homemade chicken dumpling soup., Join us Tuesday evening to create this beautiful fall painting.  There are a few spots left.  Go to sipdipanddabble.com for tickets., Who's getting hungry?  Make someone's night and surprise them with a pizza., Remembering today....., WCVB recently posted this survey!  Pleasant Cafe was #7 favorite pizza spot in New England.  Thank you everyone!  

http://www.wcvb.com/money/facebook-fans-name-new-englands-favorite-pizza-spots/21389794?tru=bQDiu2#.VAsL7o3c0UA.facebook, Your friend is looking for you!, Are you ready for some football? The NFL season kicks off tonight.  Come in and catch the game!  Kitchen is open til 11:30pm!!!, Still hungry after the Labor Day cookout?  Just a reminder the kitchen is open every night til 11:30pm., Happy Labor Day!!  Hope everyone is enjoying the long weekend.  Pizzas start at 11:30 today so grab a couple pies for the cookout or last minute get together., On special tonight, fried clams (yes...with the bellies) served with our homemade cole slaw, french fries and of course tarter sauce and lemon.  Goes nicely with Sam Summer Ale (just tapped the last barrel of the season), Loving this Cape Cod sunset!  What a great week this last official week of summer is turning out to be.  Enjoy!, The painting for our September date has been picked.  Check out sipdipanddabble.com for tickets.  
http://www.sipdipanddabble.com/#!product/prd1/2673969071/fall-lamp-post-september-16th-the-pleasant-cafe, Stop in and catch the conclusion of the Little League World Series.  Why not bring in your team to catch the game?, Great night last night will artists of all ages.   Girls made a memory to last a lifetime and mom didn't have to cook.  Win win!, Lots of painting tonight at the Pleasant Cafe.  Check back for our September painting and date soon., Have you tried one of our burgers?  6oz of chopped sirloin, hand formed and charbroiled to perfection.  Add sauteed peppers, mushrooms and onions.  Pairs nicely with a pint of Sam Summer., On special tonight.  Baked stuffed 1 1/4 lb lobsters.  Get one before they are gone!, Less than a week til our next paint party!
, If you are in the area...spend your evening with us.  We can't wait to see you!, PATS preseason game tonight.  Come in for dinner and catch the game with friends.  Don't forget to pick up your Patriots magnet on the way out., Just around the corner...., Now that's a zucchini!, The sign is calling you...., Wrap up this perfect summer day at the Pleasant Cafe.  Baked stuffed shrimp and prime rib on special tonight.    The sign is calling you...., #tbt Who remembers the horseshoe pits behind the Pleasant Cafe?, Heading to the Cape? A Pleasant Pizza in the car makes the ride bearable.  Come grab one (or 2) to go., Trying to see everyone over the summer?  How about meeting with friends at the next sipdipanddabble event at the Pleasant Cafe - Tuesday August 19.   For tickets go to www.sipdipanddabble.com.   Great way to catch up and leave with a creation to remember your night!, Thank you to all of our AWESOME customers!!  We really appreciate your votes., We are ready!, Coming back from vacation or your 4th of July weekend, let us handle the cooking., A great end to game 1 of the Red Sox doubleheader.  Come in and catch game 2.    How does ribs, an ice cold Yuengling and some Sox  baseball sound?, Happy 4th of July!  Cookout postponed?  Come see us - we are open - and have plenty of great specials., Did you hear the fireworks have been rescheduled to tonight?  Come in before or after to grab a bite.  The kitchen is open every night til 11:30pm., Why cook tonight?  Come in for an early dinner and catch USA take on Belgium in the World Cup.  Game and pizzas start at 4pm!  GO USA!!!, Anyone going to see Zac Brown Band this weekend at Fenway?  Come in to grab a pizza before the show.   Sure to be a great couple shows!, The dough is made which means....it's pizza time!, Come in tomorrow for lunch with your co-workers to catch the USA take on Germany in the World Cup.   Game starts at noon.   We will have boiled dinner, buffalo chicken wrap, hot dog and beans and fish and chips on special.  GO USA!!, Need lunch plans today?  Come in and catch some World Cup action when Italy takes on Uruguay at noon.   Perfect day to pop in for a quick lunch and catch some amazing soccer action., Almost sipdipanddabble time again at The Pleasant Cafe. Click on their website for tickets. www.sipdipanddabble.com. Hope to see you tomorrow night!, Congratulations to the winner of our summer cooler contest ....drumroll please.....Laurie Forman!   Email us at contact@pleasantcafe.com to arrange pickup.  Congrats again and thank you to everyone who entered!, Did you want to enter the cooler contest but haven't been able to stop in yet?  Put your name below and we will enter for you.  Just remember the winner has to be able to pick up the cooler at the Pleasant Cafe.   Good luck!  Winner will be announced tomorrow., Thirsty Thursday is here!  What is your favorite summer beverage?  Why not stop in tonight, have a seat and treat yourself to a drink., USA takes on Ghana at 6pm in World Cup Soccer.  
Come catch the game and cheer on the US!, Happy Father's Day!!  How does a 16oz New York Sirloin smothered with sauteed peppers, mushrooms and onions with an ice cold Yuengling sound?, Give Dad the gift of Prime Rib! Grab a Pleasant Cafe gift card and really make him smile!  We bet he has enough ties., Happy Rainy Friday!  Sipdipanddabble has added another date at the Pleasant Cafe.  Check out the link below for tickets.   If you are coming in tonight for dinner, don't forget to enter the Summer Cooler Contest!  

http://www.sipdipanddabble.com/#!product/prd1/2194091675/funky-magnolia-the-pleasant-cafe-june-24th, #TBT  Anyone remember these menus?, Father's Day is this weekend.  Instead of a tie...why not a pie!  Bring him in for dinner and while you are here remember to enter the summer cooler contest., Summer cooler contest starts today and ends on the first day of summer.  Bring in your entry form when you are at the Pleasant Cafe and give it to a server.   Prize will need to be picked up.  Good luck!  Feel free to share!, Tune in tomorrow to see how to win our latest contest...awesome cooler, Pleasant Cafe shirt, Pleasant Cafe soda and some pint glasses.   Perfect prize for summer!, Perfect night to grab a pizza to go and catch one of the kids little league games.    Give us a call 617-323-2111.  We will have it waiting for you!, Last weekend in May. Do you believe it? Come in and catch the Sox as they take on Tampa Bay. Relax and celebrate the season with one of our summer specials., Not happy with the lunch waiting for you in the fridge?  We can help with that....., If anyone is interested...there are still tickets available to the tonight's event at the Pleasant. 

http://www.sipdipanddabble.com/#!tickets/cjg9, Gearing up for another night of sipdipanddabble at the Pleasant Cafe!   Get your paint brushes ready..., Happy Memorial Day.  Land of the Free Because of The Brave., Thanks to Donna Kelly for taking this picture of tonight's special....Flounder with shrimp crawfish sauce over rice.    Come in and give it a try.  Say hi to Donna while you are here., Finally starting to feel like beach weather.  Grab yourself a t-shirt at the Pleasant Cafe before the long weekend.  We have black, light blue and white in plenty of sizes!, What a gorgeous Saturday!  If anyone is interested...there are still tickets available to the May sipdipanddabble event at the Pleasant.  Check out the link for date and times.  

http://www.sipdipanddabble.com/#!tickets/cjg9, The weekend is finally here!  Unwind with a pizza and some baseball.  Sox are in action at 7:10pm.  Happy Friday!, Getting close to game time.   No more guesses after the puck drops.  Please guess on the original post!  LET'S GO BRUINS!!!!, GAME 7 Crunch Time.  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and 
t-shirt to the person who guesses who score's first goal tonight. Player, period, and time of goal. Good luck!!, Tired of the same old same old for dinner.  2 of our specials tonight will change that.  Grilled Swordfish over fried rice with pickled onions or Chicken, Broccoli and Ziti with Alfredo sauce.  Call now and pick up on your way home.  Donna or Maureen will happily take your order!, Almost game time.  Bruins try to wrap it up tonight in Game 6.  Come on in to catch the game with friends or grab some dinner to go.  Kitchen open til 11:30pm.  GO BRUINS!!, Happy Mother's Day to all the moms near and far.  We hope you all have a wonderful day!  Thank you for all you do!, Haven't decided where to bring mom tomorrow?  Check out our specials!, Nice little shout out to Roslindale to end the week!  , Nice job Matt Fraser!  We will take it!, Contest ends when the puck is dropped.    Go Bruins!!, Bruins back in action tonight!  Time for a little contest fun!  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and t-shirt to the person who guesses who score's first goal tonight. Player, period, and time of goal. Good luck!!, Come cheer on the Bruins with us or grab a pizza to go!  Let's go Bs!, No hat needed to watch the Derby at the Pleasant Cafe!  Come on in, catch the action and talk about what a great day for Boston sports today was!, Almost quitting time!  Let's quit thinking about what's for dinner and spend Friday at the Pleasant Cafe.   Here's a little something to get you moving...., Anyone as excited as we are for the game tonight?  Come watch it with us.  It is bound to be a great series!  Go Bruins!, Looks like everyone had fun last night!  Thank you to all who came out and painted!, If you missed out on tickets to tonight's sipdipanddabble at The Pleasant Cafe remember there is another event scheduled in May!  Have fun tonight everyone!, Come on Bruins!  Let's wrap it up today!, Wishing everyone a safe and fun Marathon Day., Wishing everyone a Blessed Easter!, Easter Specials to please everyone in your group!!  Hope to see you.  Happy Easter!!, Playoff hockey starts tonight for the Bs.  Bruins take on Detroit.  Puck drops at 7:30pm.  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0um_PyhTx-s, Introducing the painting for the May Sip, Dip and Dabble event at The Pleasant Cafe.   Grab your tickets at sipdipanddabble.com, 2 spots left for SipDipandDabble's event at the Pleasant Cafe! Check out the link for tickets! Happy Thursday everyone!

http://www.sipdipanddabble.com/#!product/prd1/1828266385/alium-april-29th-%40-the-pleasant-cafe, Making plans for Easter Sunday?  Check out our specials!, Remembering all today!, Sunday night baseball. Boston wraps up its series in New York. First pitch 8:05. Full menu available until 11:30pm. Call Maureen to find out whats on special tonight., Red Sox and Yankees tonight....let the games begin.  The Sox are in NY and meet up with Ellsbury in pinstripes.  Come in and catch the action!, Still a few spots left for SipDipandDabble's next event at the Pleasant Cafe!  Check out the link for tickets!  Happy Thursday everyone!

http://www.sipdipanddabble.com/#!product/prd1/1828266385/alium-april-29th-%40-the-pleasant-cafe, Bruins vist Minnesota to take on the Wild. Puck drops at 8:00pm. Linguine with White Clam Sauce on special tonight. Pairs nicely with a glass of our Fontana Candida Pinot Grigio., Head on in to catch the NCAA finals!  Kitchen open til 11:30pm.  Don't forget to guess on the original post for our contest tonight.  Good luck!, UConn v. Kentucky tonight!  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and tshirt to the person who guesses the TOTAL COMBINED FINAL score and WINNING TEAM.  No duplicate answers.   Game starts at 9pm and kitchen is open to 11:30pm.  Good luck!, Who is starting to think about dinner? Try one of today's  specials. Fresh Cod with Diced Chorizo, Chopped Parsley, and Grilled Leeks served over thick and creamy Corn Chowder or Avocado Baked Flounder with Cumin Roasted Broccoli, Pineapple Salsa, and Cajun Beurre Blanc Sauce. Try one tonight!, OPENING DAY at Fenway!  $10 The Pleasant Cafe gift card and t shirt to the person who guesses final score and winning team. No repeating guesses. GOOD LUCK RED SOX!! No guesses after 2:05pm!!, Today's dough is ready!  No preservatives or additives.  The same way we have been making it since the 1930s.  Need any other reasons to grab a pizza today?, Retweeted SportsCenter (@SportsCenter):

Red Sox visit White House today to celebrate World Series. Jonny Gomes and his blazer are prepared. (via @davidortiz) http://t.co/l585vFpawx, OPENING DAY!  Doesn't feel like baseball weather so let's brighten up the day with a contest.   $10 The Pleasant Cafe gift card and t shirt to the person who guesses final score and winning team.  No repeating guesses.  GOOD LUCK RED SOX!!  No guesses after 3:05pm!!, Two new specials on tonight... Cashew encrusted Swordfish served over Asparagus with Risotto Cakes and Beurre Blanc Sauce or try our Sole Imperial with Crabmeat Stuffing served over Spinach with mixed root vegetables and Lemon Caper Sauce. Delicious!, Our thoughts and prayers are with Boston Firefighters, their families, and all our first responders.   Such a tragic day!, Already thinking about what to do for lunch? Have you tried our stuffed shells or baked manicotti served with a homemade meatball or sausage? Delicious!, Puck drops tonight at 7:30.   To celebrate a classic rivalry try one of our classic specials...roast prime rib of beef or turkey dinner., Have you tried our 16oz New York Sirloin Steak?  Feeling adventurous?  Have it smothered with sauteed peppers, mushrooms and onions.   Bruins take on Coyotes at 9pm.  Our money is on the BEAR!, Forgot to mention our new special tonight...swordfish with lemon oil served with butternut squash and pumpkin ravioli.  Delicious!, Bruins take on the Avalanche tonight at 9pm.   Sounds like a great reason to come out and grab a The Pleasant Cafe pizza.  And of course there is always the NCAA games on as well.  Happy Friday everyone!, Jimmy Fallon picks Syracuse to win the NCAA tournament.   Who are you picking??   Come in today and catch a game or two.  

http://www.syracuse.com/entertainment/index.ssf/2014/03/jimmy_fallon_syracuse_basketball_ncaa_tournament_tonight_show.html, A sure sign of Spring...The Red Sox schedules have arrived.  Make sure to grab one the next time you are in!, Another fun painting night planned at The Pleasant Cafe tonight.  We have another date planned in April if you want a fun night out!  Have fun tonight everyone!, #NHLBruins Happy St. Patricks Day. Go Bs!!! http://t.co/cRFBhvwzaF, Happy St. Patrick's Day!  Pizza starts at 11:30am today and corned beef and cabbage will be served all day.  Stop in and pick up your complimentary Jameson glass while supplies last., Out celebrating St. Patricks Day? We will be serving corned beef dinner all day. Your choice of red or gray corned beef served with carrots, cabbage, potato, and turnip. Pairs nicely with a Guinness Stout. We were voted best Guinness in Parkway area., Bring Spring to your home.  Sign up for another Sip, Dip & Dabble night at the Pleasant Cafe.  , #tbt Does anybody remember The Pleasant Cafe fishing trips?  We love this hand painted sign from the early 80s.  Lots of great memories!, Bruins take on Montreal tonight.  Why not come in, catch the game and try the newest addition to our beer line-up.   Let us know what you think!, There are still a few spots left for Sip Dip and Dabble's next event at The Pleasant Cafe  Check out the link for more information and tickets.  

http://www.sipdipanddabble.com/#!product/prd1/1718185965/%2522let's-wine%2522-march-18th-%2540-the-pleasant-cafe, Even Mother Nature is ready for spring., Boston visits sunny Florida. Doesn't that sound good today? Puck drops at 5:00. Lots of great specials on today. Have you tried our Swordfish Kabob or Roast Prime Rib of Beef?, Happy Friday! We hope to see you at some point this weekend., Only a couple left for guesses.  Good luck!!!, Tuukka time!  Let's have a contest.  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and t-shirt to the person who guesses who score's first goal tonight.  Player, period, and time of goal.  Good luck!!, Come in today for our homemade fishcakes made from scratch with the freshest haddock and seasoned to perfection. We will also be starting pizzas at 11:30am., Lent begins tomorrow which means it is time to bring back our homemade fishcakes. Made from scratch with the freshest haddock and seasoned to perfection. We will also be starting pizzas at 11:30am., Happy Fat Tuesday!  Celebrate at The Pleasant Cafe tonight and enjoy all your favorite comfort foods.   You know we have something for everyone!, Don't settle for this...come in and try our homemade turkey dinner with all the fixings.  Comfort food on a cold night., Doubleheader today at the Garden. The Bruins welcome Tuukka back as they take on the Capitals. Puck drops at 1:00. Then put down the parquet just in time for the Celtics to take on the Pacers at 8:00., A friend shared this picture of his dad's '67 softball jacket.  We think it's awesome!  Harry would have been 75 today.  Happy birthday Harry., They're back!  Who's hungry for some hockey and pizza?, Just had some homemade corn chowder for lunch!  Absolutely delicious.  Come in and give it a try or grab a bowl to go., End of vacation blues or cabin fever. Come in tonight and let us do the cooking. We have some great specials or you could try something on the regular menu. How does Chicken and Eggplant Parmigiana sound or Shrimp Scampi over Angel Hair Pasta?, Friday nooner... USA vs. Canada. Start the weekend off early. Catch the game and try one of our Friday lunch specials. Fresh caught Fish and Chips or Hot Dogs and Beans. Pizzas start at 11:30. Treat the office to lunch or get the kids out of the house. We have a room with its own hi-def TV for small groups., US Women go for GOLD!  Puck drops at 12:00.  Come in, catch the game and try our spicy buffalo chicken wrap.  Some say it is worthy of a medal! Go USA!, "@NHLBruins: Plenty of hockey left, but Finland leads it 3-1 after the second ^CS #TuukkaTime", Today would be a great day to come in for lunch, grab a works burger complete with cheese, sauteed onions, mushrooms and peppers, and catch some Olympic hockey - USA vs. Czech Republic at noon!  Let's go USA!, Good news! We have added another date for Sipdipanddabble to come to The Pleasant Cafe! March 18! Check out their website for tickets and information!

http://www.sipdipanddabble.com/#!product/prd1/1718185965/%22let's-wine%22-march-18th-%40-the-pleasant-cafe, Done with shoveling?   Come in and try one of our tasty specials.  Homemade roast turkey dinner with all the fixins or baked stuffed shrimp with our seafood stuffing.  Sound good?, All day Olympic coverage....Come catch an event and cheer on your favorite athletes!, Remember us tonight when thinking of a place to bring your valentine!, Anyone watching US vs. Canada Women's Ice Hockey on now?  It is some great hockey!  GO USA!, Valentine's Day specials.  A great place for a first date! http://t.co/KlUHzl7dI0, Boston College vs. Northeastern for the Beanpot Championship tonight. Come in, catch the game and a bite, and try a pint of Sam Adams Cold Snap. Just tapped., Truck day in Boston!  Love "on the road to greatness".  Good luck Boys.  We wish we could fill the truck with Pleasant Pizzas.  This truck would certainly hold a lot of them!, Sochi Olympics start today!  Good luck to all the athletes who have worked so hard for these games.  Stay safe., Need something to warm you up after shoveling today?  How about homemade sausage soup?   Absolutely yummy!, It's almost game time.  Did you order your pizza yet?  Who is going to win?  Any guesses?, Treat yourself to a night out.  Come catch the Bruins vs. Canadiens with some friends.  Puck drops at 7pm., Sipdipanddabble is coming to the Pleasant Cafe! It promises to be a fun night out for all. Click on the link for more information and tickets!  We will be painting "Tulip Love"
http://www.sipdipanddabble.com/#!tickets/cjg9, Sipdipanddabble is coming to the Pleasant Cafe!  It promises to be a fun night out for all.   Click on the link for more information and tickets!  http://www.sipdipanddabble.com/#!tickets/cjg9, Today feels like a great day for some AWESOME APPS!  Have you tried our homemade stuffed mushrooms and onion rings?  Today is the day!, The chill will be back in the air tonight.  Come in for a homemade turkey dinner and catch the Bruins/Islanders game.  Puck drops at 7pm., Want a treat after shoveling?  Come in tonight for a pizza and ice cold brew., Pizzas start at 11:30 today.  Treat the kids after a day of skating, sledding or just playing.   Bruins/Kings drop the puck at 3:00pm., Only one hour left.  Get your guesses in!  Or your pizza orders., Remember we have your playoff party covered...nachos, buffalo wings, and PIZZA!  Don't forget to enter our contest too!, Contest time!  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and t shirt to who comes closest without going over the final score in the Pats vs. Broncos game. Tie breaker ... Brady total passing yards.  GO PATRIOTS!!!!!!, Throwback Thursday.  This is what picking up pizza at the Pleasant Cafe used to look like.  Come in and grab one tonight., Call in your pizza orders for tonight 617-323-2111.  Nothing says football like a Pleasant Pizza.  GO PATS!!!!, Who's getting excited for some football?  The countdown is on!  Having people over?  How about serving Pleasant Pizza?, Elvis would have been 79 today.  Come in, grab a pizza and discuss your favorite Elvis song., West Coast Swing...Celtics take on the Nuggets, 9:00pm tip off. Bruins take on the Ducks, puck drops at 10:00pm. Late games, not to worry, our kitchen is open until 11:30pm
 7 days a week., The last BCS National championship game is set to be played tonight. Florida State takes on Auburn from the Rose Bowl @ 8:30pm. Kitchen is open until 11:30pm. Come see us!, Bruins host Winnipeg @ 1:00. NFL Wildcard weekend kicks off @ 4:35. BC hosts the Fighting Irish, 7:30 at Frozen Fenway. We have plenty of games and plenty of choices on our menu. Come in or carry out., Who thinks shoveling should be Olympic event?  Would you medal for speed or technique?  Come in for pizza and beer when you are done and we can discuss.   We are open!, It's dinner all day today at the Pleasant Cafe!  Check out our New Years Specials.  Happy 2014 to all!, Great way to start the New Year with a mention in the Boston Herald!  Check out Jim Sullivan's column.  Thanks so much Jim!, Pizzas start today at 11:30am!  Grab a bite to eat before ringing in the New Year.  Have a wonderful night everyone!, null, null, null, Come in, catch the game, and try our new special.  Swordfish  topped with a balsamic glaze and served with grilled asparagus and mashed sweet potato., Just finished watching Miracle... again. Who makes the U.S. Olympic Hockey team for Sochi 2014?, Bruins take on the Ottawa Senators tonight at 7:00. Come in and cheer them on as they go for an eighth consecutive win at home. Go B's!, Merry Christmas to all our friends and family.   This rainbow loom nativity set was created by one of our little friends.  We thought we would share.  Merry Christmas!, Pizzas started early today!  Merry Christmas to all!, Looking for gift ideas?  Forget the mall!
How about a Pleasant Cafe shirt or gift card?, You are getting hungry...very hungry.   We can help!, Christmas Eve is one week from today...Have you picked up your Pleasant Cafe gift cards yet? One size fits all., Have you tried our "Prime Rib of Roast Beast"?  Even the Grinch would approve and it's on special today!, Bruins take on Edmonton. The puck drops at 9:00. Come in and catch the action. Kitchen is serves until 11:30. Go B's., Maureen has the lunch specials on the board complete with snowflakes over the "I".   Come grab a bite., The Pleasant Cafe gift cards and t-shirts make great Christmas presents!  We will even mail them to you!  Give us a call at 617-323-2111., What are the chances of these making it home?  I am hungry., Any local fans out there who know our niece and fellow pizza lover,  Ali Slyne,  would you please consider voting for her for Lacrosse Player of the Year.  It takes 2 seconds - scroll down under WCLA!  

http://www.laxmagazine.com/PreseasonPOY/12213_preseason_poy_voting_open_through_dec_20, Another thrilla in Foxborilla. Bruins visit Toronto tonight. Kitchen is open until 11:30. Come see us., The Pleasant Cafe gift cards and t-shirts make great Christmas presents!  We will even mail them to you!  Give us a call at 617-323-2111., Report card day at local schools!  Bring the kids out for a pizza to celebrate :-), It's close enough to Christmas so we've unwrapped our new website!, null, Running around all weekend. Stop in and let us take care of dinner. You can even do some shopping while you enjoy your meal and sip on a beverage. We have Pleasant Cafe gift cards and shirts available in all denominations and sizes., Today is Small Business Saturday.  Just remember..you must register your AMEX card to participate.   Happy Saturday!, Tomorrow is Small Business Saturday!  Who is coming in?, Tired of turkey and the in-laws. Get out of the house and visit us. We have lots of great specials on tonight. None featuring turkey., Wishing everyone a wonderful Thanksgiving with their friends and family.  We are so thankful for the greatest customers and staff!!  We are closed today and hope to see you all in the upcoming holiday season!, Dinner specials served all day today!  Broiled scallops, roast pork, swordfish kabob, prime rib, lemon caper filet of sole, and nutty salmon.  Come on in and rest up for the big day!, Pizzas start at 11:30am today!  Come on in and take a break or grab some to go!, Out running last minute errands? On Wednesday, we will be starting pizzas at 11:30am., Don't worry Peyton.  The Pleasant Cafe kitchen is open til 11:30pm so we can still get a pizza after the game!, Who remembers Emma?  Some of the crew went to visit her this week and took this great picture!  We surely miss her!, If you are not one of the lucky ones going to see Bobby Orr drop the puck tonight at the Bruins game, come in and catch the game with us.  What type of pizza do you think Bobby Orr would order?, How about a MNF contest?  Pats vs. Carolina.  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and t shirt to the person who comes closest without going over the to final score.   Tie breaker ... Brady total passing yards., Momma always said..."eat your vegetables".   No problem momma!, Today for Throwback Thursday we celebrate our 1997 Parkway Yankees., Halfway to the weekend!  Yippee!, Come in and celebrate or commiserate the first snow of the season.  We just tapped our Sam Winter Lager., THANK YOU to all who have served our country and protected our freedom!!  Pizza will start at 11:30am for the holiday., Come warm up at the Pleasant Cafe and while you are here...grab a pizza, prime rib, or hot chocolate (an 8 year old is helping with this post).   Don't forget the Bs are in action tonight!, Have you tried our homemade, hand cut onion rings?  Just wondering....., Need something quick for dinner on Election Day?  Pizzas start at 3pm today!  Don't forget to vote!, Alright Boston...today is the day.   Time to vote.  You can make a difference!, Ten minutes until kickoff. Have you placed your pizza order yet?, The parade ends here!  Come in and continue the celebration!  Congrats again to our Boston Red Sox!, Now "treat" yourself to a night off!  Let us do the cooking for you.   How does one of our amazing Chicken Parm dinners sound?  Come on...you know you want to!, HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!  Pizzas start at 11:30am so come in any time and grab a pie!  And if you see Maureen don't forget to wish her a happy birthday!, YES!!!!!!!!, We are brewin' up another contest!  Guess the final score tonight and win a $10 Pleasant Gift Card and Pleasant T-Shirt. All guesses must be in before first pitch and no duplicate guesses. GOOD LUCK SOX!!!, Back to Boston!!!!!!, Pats squeak out a victory. BoSox try to bounce back tonight, turn to Buchholz. Don't get obstructed from coming in, catching the game, and grabbing a bite., Countdown to GAME 3 is on.  Stop in, grab a pizza, and catch the game.  We are ready!!  Go Sox!, GREAT SOX WIN LAST NIGHT but no winners in our contest.. so here we go again.  Guess the final score tonight and win a $10 Pleasant Gift Card and Pleasant T-Shirt. All guesses must be in before first pitch. GOOD LUCK SOX!!!, WORLD SERIES contest!  Guess the final score tonight and win a $10 Pleasant Gift Card and Pleasant T-Shirt.  All guesses must be in before first pitch.  GOOD LUCK SOX!!!, Congratulations 2013 Red Sox!  Bring on the World Series!, Countdown is on!  Let's wrap it up boys., Back home in Boston. Sox look to tame the Tigers. First pitch 8:07. Come in or grab something to go. Kitchen is open until 11:30., Had a great time at the Taste of Roslindale last night!!  Thank you to Sophia's Grotto for the picture.   And thank you to all our friends who stopped by to say hello and grab a slice!, Back by popular demand -- baked lamb in our red sauce! Pairs nicely with a glass of Lockhart Merlot.   On special tonight!, Anyone going to the Taste of Roslindale tonight?, First pitch @ 8:07. Peavy vs. Fister. Kitchen is open until 11:30pm. Come in, catch the game, or grab some pizzas to bring home., Sox are back at it again today at 4:07pm. Come in for an early dinner and cheer them on! GO SOX!!  Our earlier post had the wrong time.   Thanks for catching that Ann!, Sox are back at it again today at 3:00pm.   Come in for an early dinner and cheer them on!  GO SOX!!, Putting our hopes in the "B" players today... BUCHHOLZ and BRADY.  Come in and catch the games!  Lets go Sox and Pats!, Red Sox are moving on... life is good!, Start the week off right... Sox look to eliminate the Rays. 6:07 start. Come in, catch the game, and  grab a bite to eat., Rain, rain, go away...it's almost time for the Roslindale Day Parade.   Such a wonderful annual tradition!  Hope everyone has a blast and please stop in and see us after...start another tradition., The Sox won last night but no winners in our contest...so let's try it again.  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and t shirt for the person who guesses the final score...example.. Sox 6 TB 0 GOOD LUCK!  All guesses must be in before the first pitch at 5:30pm!  GO SOX!!, The contest is closed as the game has just started!  GO SOX!  Come in during the game or after to start the weekend off right., What a day for some baseball!  Sox back in action at 3:00pm.  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and t shirt for the person who guesses the final score...example.. Sox 6 TB 0  GOOD LUCK!, #throwbackthursday Bruins back in action!  Come in with some friends for pizza, ice cold brew and grab a Bruins schedule magnet on your way out.  GO Bs!!, MNF Miami at New Orleans. Kitchen is open until 11:30 pm. Come see us., Who is ready?, Another beautiful fall day!  Perfect day to try our lemon caper filet of sole paired with a chilled glass of William Hill Chardonnay., Come in and celebrate this last Saturday of September and try one of our specials. How does Chicken Scampi or Swordfish Ratatouille sound?, In the mood for something spicy this fall that isn't pumpkin flavored?  Come try our lobster fra diavolo on special tonight!, Two new appetizer specials on the menu today...spinach dip with homemade tortilla chips and bang bang cauliflower (breaded and topped with sesame seeds, scallions and Kung Pao sauce).   Live on the edge, try something new!, Who is ready for the weekend?, Voting Day in Boston!   Pizzas start at 1pm today.  What pizza combination would get your vote for favorite., Thank you to Ellen for sending us this picture of her son, a proud member of the United States Marine Corps, wearing a Pleasant Cafe shirt in Okinawa, Japan.  Thank you for your service!!, One of our customers asked that we share this link.   We wish Barry and his boys the best!!, Another beautiful day in Roslindale!  Enjoy your Saturday and be sure to stop in if you are in the area!, Thank you Janice Williams for sharing this or we might have missed it.  And thank you to Dirty Old Boston for the shout-out.  , It's official!, A lovely Zagat review for the Pleasant Cafe today.  Come see us if you are in the area!, Catch the Sox/Yankees tonight at 8pm at the Pleasant Cafe., The hunt for red October continues this afternoon... Sox/Yankees @ 1:05. Pizza, Octoberfest, fall ball...what could be better?, How is this for making a statement?  This squash plant has taken over the fence by the back door of the Pleasant.  Pretty impressive!, Looking for something to do tonight...., Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those who lost loved ones 12 years ago today. We will never forget!, The Pleasant Cafe just got a "shout out" during the Mayoral debate!  Who else is watching?, 2 games to kick off Monday Night Football tonight.  Kitchen is open til 11:30 -- come in for the early or the late game or stay for both.   Nothing says football like wings, pizza and a brew.  We have it all!, Are you ready for some football?  $10 Pleasant gift card and Pleasant shirt to the person who guesses the final score.  For example...Pats 40 Bills 0.   No guesses after the game starts.  GOOD LUCK!! GO PATS!!!, Happy Football Eve! Stay tuned for a contest..., Fall is in the air!  Sox and Yankees tonight.  Pats on Sunday.  Gotta love New England!, Back to school, schedules, sports and fun.  Make coming back to the Pleasant part of that routine., Top of the first.... Labor Day...Sox in first place in September...Come in catch the game and grab a bite., Happy Labor Day!  Don't labor in the kitchen today... come in for Prime Rib on special.   Have a safe holiday!, Thinking about what to eat after the storm passes?  How about Surf & Turf...6oz filet and 2 baked stuffed shrimp.  DELICIOUS!  We start serving today at noon., Labor Day weekend already!  Soak in the end of summer with a Baked Stuffed Lobster on special tonight.  And think fall when you pick up our Patriots schedule magnets.. just in!, The Pleasant Cafe shirt goes International!  Hello to our friends in Ireland and thank you for sending us this picture!, Why not make some last minute plans and meet some friends at the Pleasant tonight to catch the Pats last 
pre-season game.   It is the perfect night for it!, Thank you to all our fans who voted for us for Best Pizza in New England.   #7!  Not too shabby.  Thank you to everyone who voted and all those who support the Pleasant Cafe!!

http://www.wcvb.com/news/money/facebook-fans-name-new-englands-favorite-pizza-spots/-/9848680/21389794/-/bik64xz/-/index.html?fb_action_ids=646430008714415&fb_action_types=og.recommends&fb_source=other_multiline&action_object_map=%7B%22646430008714415%22%3A286916418117143%7D&action_type_map=%7B%22646430008714415%22%3A%22og.recommends%22%7D&action_ref_map=%5B%5D, It might be summer outside but it will feel like fall in the Pleasant tonight... Patriots football on tv and Sam Adams Octoberfest on tap.  Come join us!, Wednesday is broiled scallops day!, Why drive to the Cape when you can get fried clams on special today at the Pleasant Cafe?  Served with homemade cole slaw, fries and tarter sauce!  Absolutely delicious., Just in... baked stuffed lobster!  Come try one tonight!  You will be so happy you did., Sox/Yankees tonight!  Time for a contest.  $10 gift card and Pleasant shirt for the person who comes closest to total runs per team scored in this 3 game series.   Guesses must be in by 7:10pm tonight!  Good luck!, Time for another "Throwback Thursday"...who remembers 45s?  Well, look who was on the cover of a 45!, Garden tomatoes --- just another reason to love summer in Boston!   How about one on our delicious BLT sandwich!  There's an idea., Sunday night... on the way home from the beach or vacation?  Our kitchen is open until 11:30pm. Stop in for a pizza or one of our tasty summer specials., USA Hockey magazine features the Shamrock Shootout!  Congratulations to all the Parkway families involved.  Great article!  http://www.usahockeymagazine.com/article/2013-08/puck-irish-successful-shamrock-shootout-mass, Great night to come in with friends.  Catch the Sox or some pre-season Pats!  Grab a pizza and a brew and enjoy the beginning of another summer weekend!, Spotted at Registry of Deeds!  Thanks for sharing Kathleen.  , These Pleasant Cafe shirts made it to the Cape.   If your shirt takes a trip with you...send us the picture.  We will put it up for all to enjoy.  We hope you are all enjoying the summer!, Welcome August!!  Come in for some sizzling summer specials!, Who is ready for Thanksgiving in July? Come in and try our slow roasted turkey with  homemade stuffing, creamy mashed potatoes,  craisin laced butternut squash, gravy , and of course cranberry sauce. Give it a try pilgrim., Mr. Dough Joe Rising..., Facebook tends to be loaded with "Throwback Thursday" themes....here is ours for today.   Hope you like!, Perfect lunch on a summer day...grilled chicken Caesar salad.  Come see us!, Come in after the beach or pool and let Maureen serve you one of our baked stuffed lobsters with an ice cold Polka Dot Riesling., Five minutes left before the kitchen is closed for tonight..., Come and and get out of the heat. Try our baked stuffed lobster with a chilled glass of Manta Sauvignon Blanc. Our 11/4 lb. lobster is dressed with our own homemade seafood stuffing. It is made with scallops,peppers,onions,spices, and a dash of sherry., Stay cool today Boston!  Come in for an ice cold root beer.   Delicious., Disgusted with Rolling Stone today?  How about visiting this page instead....https://secure.onefundboston.org/   Let's remember the real heroes!, Kitchen is open for 1 more hour. Come in and catch the end of the All-Star Game or grab something to go., It might be hot out, but it is cool in here.  Come grab lunch or dinner.  Let us do the work!, Kitchen is open for another 42 minutes. Come see us or call in your take-out order., A cure for a dreary Thursday that dates back to the 1930s, a Pleasant Cafe pizza and ice cold Narragansett.   Perfection!, Just thinking about bacon... is it better on a burger or a pizza?, Had enough hamburgers and hot dogs? Come in, beat the heat, and try our Fisherman's Platter or Veal Marsala served over linguine., Happy July 4th!  We will be serving pizza today from 11:30am - 11:30pm.  Bring to a cookout, fireworks, or come see us.   Enjoy!, Running around getting ready for the 4th?  Remember our kitchen is open til 11:30pm., After over 30 years serving the Roslindale community, MJs has closed its doors.  Good luck to Steve O'Malley, a class act, friend and great guy!!, Were you just daydreaming about Baked Stuffed Lobsters?  Well, your dreams can come true.  We have them on special tonight.  Come see us!, It's finally Friday!  Start the weekend right with a little Nutty Salmon... sauteed with spinach and almonds.    No need to catch your own., CONTEST TIME... $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and Pleasant t-shirt for the person who guesses first goal....PLAYER, TIME, PERIOD, TEAM!  Go Bruins!!, Too hot to cook. Stop in on your way home from the beach or grab some take-out to bring back to the pool. Have you tried our seafood trio? Scallops, shrimp, and haddock prepared with our homemade stuffing. Kitchen is open until 11:30pm., It is almost time!  Don't forget to enter our contest.  GOOD LUCK Bs!!!!, Bruins countdown is on!!  
$10 Pleasant gift card and tshirt to the person who guesses first goal...player, time, period. GOOOO Bs!!!!!, Who wants a Bruins contest?, Happy First Day of Summer!  Hope there are lots of Pleasant Pizzas on your horizon., Happy Father's Day!!   Treat dad today to a delicious 
Surf & Turf (8oz filet mignon and 2 baked stuffed shrimp) 
or Prime Rib., All Bs tonight...Bruins, Baked Stuffed Lobster and Ice Cold Becks.  Go Bs!!, Keeping it simple today... Happy Flag Day and God Bless America!, The puck will be dropping soon.   Get your guesses in.  Go Bruins!!!, Let the fun begin.   Let's start this series with a contest...
$10 Pleasant gift card and tshirt to the person who guesses first goal...player, time, period.  GOOOO Bs!!!!!, What's for dinner mom?, Come in after a day at the pool or beach for an ice cold frozen drink.  Goes well with everything!, Big question of the day....Blackhawks or Kings.  Come grab a pizza and discuss., A "sweepstakes" for Ann, $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and Pleasant t-shirt for the person who guesses first goal tonight - player, time, period.  Go Bs!!!, How does "Wrap It Up" Friday sound?  A buffalo wrap for lunch on the day when the Bs can wrap it up!  Go Bruins!, Countdown til game time!  We are excited.  Come in and watch the game with us.  It is the perfect night for it.  Go Bs!, Finally........the Bruins take on the Pens @ 8:00pm. Come in, relax in the A/C, and try one of our Saturday Night specials with an ice cold libation., Friday night. Red Sox @ Yankees. A/C is cranking. Specials are ready. Beverages are chilled. Can't wait to see you., Headed to the Boston Strong concert tonight?  Stop in before or after for pizza!  Hope everyone has a wonderful, safe night.  Great night for a concert.  ENJOY!!, Looking for something light and delicious? Lemon caper filet of sole on special tonight.   You will love it!, Today we honor all brave men and women who have fought and died for this great nation., Entertaining friends for the game?  Don't make this mistake.., Did we just catch you dreaming about a buffalo chicken pizza?  Come in and grab one tonight!, Let Kevin pour you a BLACK AND TAN tonight in honor of the black and gold.  Let's go Bruins!  Wrap it up tonight!!, Tuesday news... Kevin is on the bar tonight and wants to serve you a drink while you dine and watch the Bs!!  And.. on the way out... you can finally purchase a PLEASANT T SHIRT!, Let's go Bruins.  Still time to come in and catch the game or order some pizza for take out!!!, Any of our friends in Florida win powerball?  The rest of us up here will just have to enjoy this beautiful Spring day and know we all still have to go to work., Tonight's specials.  Something for everyone., What a beautiful day to come in and enjoy our 1 1/4 lb. lobster packed with our homemade seafood stuffing made with scallops and shrimp. Pairs nicely a glass of our chilled Polka Dot Riesling., Graduation,end of season celebration...let us do the cooking while you entertain. We have a room that will accommodate up to 30 guests. Call to reserve your date., Couple hours left to guess....$10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and a Pleasant Cafe t-shirt to the person who guesses first Bruins goal tonight. Player, period, time.  , Bruins are back at it tonight.  Kicking off the series with a contest...$10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and a Pleasant Cafe t-shirt to the person who guesses first Bruins goal tonight. Player, period, time., Peek-a-boo... We want to see you - tonight for dinner!, First pizza up to go... jalapeno and sausage.   Nice combo!, Time is running out.  Get your guesses in for the $10 Pleasant Gift Card and a shirt.  Who scores first for Bruins tonight.  Player, period, time.  GOOO Bs!!!, Must win tonight for the Bruins so time for a contest.  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card and a Pleasant Cafe t-shirt to the person who guesses first Bruins goal tonight. Player, period, time., Happy Mother's Day to all near and far.  Have a wonderful day!  You deserve it!, Still time to make MOM happy tomorrow!  Bring her the Pleasant Cafe..., Bruins, Baked Stuffed Lobster, Sam Adams Summer Ale ... sounds like a great start to the weekend!, In case you are thinking about dinner tonight..., Kevin is working the bar tonight!  What are you going to order?, Bruins and Toronto are back at it tonight.  Come cheer on the Bs with a pizza, a beer and some friends.  See you later!, Sunday is Mother's Day!  We will have some specials your mom is sure to love!  Check it out...., Another fun one from last night with Governor Patrick, Maureen and the little guy., Governor Patrick was at the Pleasant Cafe last night and had to decide which pizza to have.  What pizza would you pick?, Bruins try to redeem themselves north of the border as they take on Toronto at 7:00pm. Come in early, grab some dinner, and catch the game., Lots of celebrations today with our facebook friends... First Communions, Greek Easter, Birthdays, Cinco de Mayo!  Enjoy enjoy enjoy!!!!, It's almost mint julep time.  Why not make it Pleasant time?  Come catch the Kentucky Derby with us or the Bruins game.  Lots going on!, What a gorgeous week it has been in Boston!   Come start the weekend off with dinner at the Pleasant.  Catch the Cs and Sox in action.   Welcome MAY!, Introducing our new Pleasant Cafe soda!  Raspberry Lime Rickey, Cream Soda, Grape, Root Beer and Diet Root Beer.   What do you think?, WHAT A GORGEOUS DAY!!  Don't feel like going inside?  How about grabbing a couple pizzas to go and eating outside., 7:00pm Bruins vs. Ovechkin...I mean the Capitals. Come in and try our Black and Gold pint. Sam Adams Summer Ale with a Guinness float. Goes well with our fall off the bone BBQ baby back ribs., Tales of the traveling shirt... Pleasant Cafe shirt spotted in PHILLY!, Who feels like a pepperoni pizza??  We love this pizza made out of legos.   Pretty cool., Perfect day for lunch out.. how about fish & chips - golden fried haddock - paired with an ice cold Sam Summer?  We would love to see you!!, What to watch....Celtics, Bruins, or Red Sox? We'll have on all three games. Come in and grab a bite. Nice night to try our  Pot Roast with mashed potato, carrots, and gravy., Sox try to bounce back in game 2 tonight against KC. Kitchen is open until 11:30pm. Stop in and see us!, Thankful to be back open today!  On special are fisherman's platter, broiled lamb chops, calves liver, bacon and onion, baked stuffed shrimp, prime rib, seafood trio and broiled salmon.  Something for everyone!!, THANK YOU TO ALL the law enforcement officers and other first responders for the incredible teamwork displayed in response to this horrible event.  We continue keep those who've lost so much in our thoughts!, Because of the lockdown now extended to the full City of Boston in conjunction with the ongoing manhunt, we are currently closed.

Our thoughts and prayers are with the law enforcement officials currently conducting the manhunt., Had tickets to the Sox tonight?  Game postponed.  Make new plans and come dine here instead., In honor of opening day, $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the person who guesses todays FINAL SCORE ex. Sox 10, Balt. 0.   Only one winner so first to guess it wins!  Also the winner will be the first to own a Pleasant Cafe t-shirt!  GO SOX!, Sunday... Have you tried our turkey dinner yet? In house, slow roasted turkey served with homemade stuffing, mashed potatoes, butternut squash, gravy and of course cranberry sauce., Final Four stars @ 6:05. Brackets still alive? Bruins/Canadiens @ 7:00 for top spot in the Northeast! We'll have both on. Bring a friend., Celebrate this first Friday in April with one of our many spring specials. Cavaliers @ Celtics 7:30., TONIGHT...catch Jagr in his first game as a Bruin or the Sox try to beat the Yankees again.  Need any more excuses to come in?, Swapping fish stories at the food show with the crew from WICKED TUNA!, Want something to make you smile?  We are half way to the weekend!!, Anyone play any great pranks today or fall for one?, Happy Easter to all our friends near and far.  We wish you all a peaceful, wonderful day with your family and friends., In case you still haven't made plans for Easter Sunday, here our the specials..., Just finished making a batch of our homemade fish cakes. Come in and try an order with our crispy french fries and fresh cole slaw.  Don't forget the lemon and tartar sauce!, Couple hours left before the puck is dropped.  Don't forget to enter our contest!, Let's have some fun today!  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to winner -- who scores first Bruins goal tonight. Player, period, time.   Start guessing!, Haven't made plans for Easter yet?, Unfortunately facebook fans, it looks like none of you won powerball.  Thankfully, cheese pizza is only $10.75.  :-), NCAA tournament continues today and the Bruins take on Toronto at 7pm.   2 great reasons to come in and see us., Have you tried our swordfish kabobs?  Two skewers of delicious swordfish with peppers, onions and sweet cherry tomatoes.   On special tonight!!, Congrats to our mites who participated in a jamboree before the Providence Bruins game!  What a great day!, For all of you who know George Parrelli, we thought you might enjoy this picture from the Bulletin.   Great shot!, NCAA tournament starts today!!  Come catch a game.  Why not try our spicy buffalo wings and an ice cold harpoon IPA?, Welcome Spring!   Our delivery of scallops just arrived from the pier.  Come celebrate and complete your meal with a Sam Alpine Spring Ale.    We can pretend the snow is gone!, Put the shovel away and come grab some food!!  There's a thought we can all get behind., Evacuation Day in Boston means no school!!  Starting pizza early today.  Ovens are on and pizza has started., Have a wonderful St. Patrick's Day!!!, An early Happy St. Patrick's Day to all.  Remember to stop in before or after the parade for some of our St. Patrick's Day specials.  Nutty Salmon is on tomorrow.   Enjoy your day!!, Almost the weekend!   If you are making plans for Sunday check out our St. Patrick's Day specials!  Happy Friday!!, So, today is Pi day.  Why not make it a pizza pi day?, A new addition to our drink menu...any Stella fans out there?, Why not order an extra pizza to put in the freezer for the next storm?, Just finished shoveling. Plenty of parking across the street. Pizza dough and sauce are made. Hope to see you tonight., Just finished lunch and already thinking about dinner.   Anyone else?, Let the game begin!  Go Bs., Bolts take on the Bruins today @ 1:00. Come in, catch the game, and grab a bite., In like a lion...out like our lamb chops!  Welcome March.  (They're on special tonight), Trying this again... Thanks everyone!, Boston's Hidden Restaurants is polling today.. Boston's best pizza.  Feel free to give the Pleasant Cafe a shout out!!, A great day for a contest...$10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to winner -- who scores first Bruins goal tonight. Player, period, time. Why not come in and catch the action!, Hello to all our friends today.   :-), Looking for some comfort food?  Tuesday night is Pot Roast night at the Pleasant!, Celtics @ Utah Jazz 9:00pm. Come in and try one of our Monday night specials. Prime Rib or Turkey Dinner? Kitchen serves until 11:30pm., What?  No one guessed Lucic??  No worries!  We will do another contest next game.  Go Bs!, Only 30 minutes left to guess...$10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to winner -- who scores first Bruins goal today. Player, period, time. Bruins vs. Panthers 3pm! GOOOO Bs!!, Did someone say Bruins contest?  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to winner -- who scores first Bruins goal today.  Player, period, time.   Bruins vs. Panthers 3pm!  GOOOO Bs!!, End of vacation blues or celebration? Come in and let us handle dinner. Kitchen is open 7 days a week until 11:30pm., Friday!!!!! More snow on the way. Say it isn't so. Come in before the storm arrives. We have plenty of specials and parking across the street., Cold and windy day... come warm up with a bowl of our homemade chicken dumpling soup!  Yummy!, Wishing all of our school age friends a wonderful vacation week.  Stay safe, have fun and, if you are in the area, drop by for a pizza!, Happy Presidents Day! Pizza starts @ 11:30. Todays specials: Prime Rib, Turkey Dinner, Baked Stuffed Shrimp, Seafood Trio, Swordfish KaBob, or Veal Marsala., Broiled Scallops ready to eat... any takers?, Forgot to put up the specials for tonight.  Here they are.  Have a great Valentine's night!, HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!  For a special lunch treat, pizzas will start at 11:30am today!, Dreaming about our Fisherman's Platter?  Here it is...., Check out our Ash Wednesday specials.   Lots of new items to try., Is it really Ash Wednesday already?  We start serving pizza today at 11:30am. Stop in for lunch, treat the crew, or take a few back to the office., HAPPY FAT TUESDAY!!! Come see us for dinner and gobble down some goodies., HAPPY FAT TUESDAY!!!  Come see us for dinner and google down some goodies., All that shoveling burns calories and makes one hungry and tired.  We can cure those problems.  Come in for pizza, prime rib or countless other options., Wouldn't this make all blizzards more bearable?  We hope you are all safe and warm.  We will be back to our regular hours tomorrow.  Thank you for all the calls and emails., We will be closing today due to the storm.  We hope to be back to normal operations at some point on Saturday. Stay safe and hope to see you then., Come in tonight before the storm arrives.  Eat up -- we will all have shoveling to do.  Take a couple pizzas to go so tomorrow you can stay put., Today is Truck Day at Fenway!  Here at the Pleasant Cafe, we have tapped the Sam Spring Ale and just received our Red Sox magnets.  Drop in and pick one up., Do you have the "football is over blues"?  Come in tonight for the start of the Beanpot and take your mind off of football., SUPERBOWL SUNDAY... remember to give us a call for your pizza.  617-323-2111.  Who is everyone routing for?, Pleasant Pizza lovers....care to give us a vote on this local page., We have a perfect way to end your day -- Bruins vs. Sabres game at the Pleasant Cafe with a pizza and ice cold pint!  Thoughts??, Thinking about lunch already?  We are!  How does steak & beans, chef salad, roast pork, or stuffed shells with meatball sound?, Can't think of what to make for dinner tonight.  Come try over shrimp with sun-dried tomatoes and broccoli over ziti.  Absolutely delicious!, Were you just thinking about homemade beef stew or chicken tortilla soup?  We have both today!, We saw this quote online this morning and had to repost.  "Pleasant Cafe is the Harlem Globetrotters, all these other places are the Washington Generals in this scenario".  Thank you Luke G!  You made our day., Remember when you could go to a local restaurant, relax, have a great meal without breaking the bank and just feel at home?  You still can.  You know where to find us., Looking for something to do on a chilly Friday?  How about catching the Bruins game with some pals at the Pleasant Cafe?, Good night for a chicken parm.  Just a thought., Don't forget to bundle up today! It's a cold one out there.  Come in later for some piping hot soup to warm up., Pizzas start at 11:30am today!  Come in and catch the Bruins at 1pm and forget about yesterday.  It will take a while but pizza makes everything better., Today's the day!!  Go Pats!!  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the person who comes closest to final score at end of game without going over.   Good luck!, Bring on hockey and a contest!   $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the person who guesses first BRUINS goal of season.  Player, time, period.   Go Bruins!!!!, It's Friday!  You should be here., Celts, Bruins and Pats all playing this weekend!  We can't wait.   Pleasant Pizza goes well with all those events., Fitting ad for today., If it's Tuesday, it's Yankee Pot Roast at the Pleasant day., Monday...Monday... Who feels like cooking? Have you tried our shrimp scampi over angel hair pasta? Shrimp sauteed and seasoned with just the right amount of garlic. Delicious!, Kickoff can't get here fast enough.   Pats and Pleasant Pizza.  What a great combo!, Are you ready for some football?  Come in and catch the game with friends or grab your pizzas to go.  
617-323-2111.   GO PATS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, Come catch the Celtics tonight at 7:30pm with some friends.  Nutty Salmon on special tonight - sauteed with spinach and almonds and served over pasta.   Sound tempting?, Just finished a cup of homemade spinach soup -- a delicious afternoon snack., Alabama vs. Notre Dame for the National Championship. The Crimson Tide and the Fighting Irish. Who do you want to win? Come in and catch the game. Full menu available until 11:30 pm., Congrats to the USA Junior Hockey Gold Medal winners and lets cross our fingers that the lockout might be over!!  Great hockey weekend all around!, Playoffs!!! Cincinnati @ Houston 4:30. Minnesota @ Green Bay 8:00. Come in and catch all the action or order some pizzas and appetizers for your home tailgate., Was one of your New Year's Resolutions to get together with friends?  Why not meet up at the Pleasant Cafe?, We would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy New Year!!  Monday and Tuesday we will start serving pizza at 11:30am.   Have a wonderful peaceful 2013!!, Pleasant Cafe Pizza, bowl games, snow falling quietly outside.  Nice way to spend a Saturday evening., Leftovers are overrated., Hope all our friends near and far had a wonderful and safe Christmas Day., We wanted to share a picture of AN AWESOME GIFT we received.   Thanks Matt Malone for the amazing piece you gave us.  We can't wait to display it in the New Year.  THANK YOU SOO MUCH!!!, Avoid the last minute mall crowds. Come in and order a Prime Rib or Fisherman's Platter, your favorite beverage, and grab some gift cards. That was easy!, Nothing planned for dinner yet?  No worries.  All entrees are available for takeout - 617-323-2111., 6 shopping days left... why not just come in grab a burger, a beer and a dozen or so gift cards.  Easy to wrap, too!, Super Bowl 47 preview tonight? 49ers at New England 8:20. Kitchen open until 11:30. Sounds like a plan., Why deal with all the traffic at the mall? Come in and have a relaxing meal and drinks. Ask your server to grab you some gift cards. Shopping simplified!, Is it a bacon kind of pizza day?, 12.12.12 is finally here.    We have a whole list of options for under $12.00.   Just a way to celebrate this fun day., Making plans for dinner?  
Get your shopping done too., On this solemn anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor, we honor all those who have served our country and all the brave individuals still serving.  Thank you!, Starting to think about dinner?  Look no further.  Catch the Celtics game while you are here.  Done thinking., Is it me or does it seem like the Patriots haven't played in a month? New England @ Miami 1:00. Catch the game and try one of our specials., Stopping by the Pleasant on a snowy evening.  Whose prime rib this is I think I know... his favorite place is near the village though...., The bad news is we have a strong feeling none of our customers hit powerball.  The good news is you can still get a pizza and a couple beers at the Pleasant for under $20., Who wants a chicken parm sandwich?  Just thought we would ask., Why sit at your computer and cyber shop?  Come eat for real at the Pleasant Cafe.  Then pick up a gift card on your way out.   Perfect gift and a PLEASANT meal!, Roslindale Tree Lighting Today.  Come in before or after and don't forget to register your Amex card.  Win win today.  Support your local small business!, Small Business Saturday tomorrow.  Register your American Express card then come see us.  Spend at least $25 and you will receive a $25 credit.   Thats like pizza and beer for free!!

https://enroll.amexnetwork.com/US/en/SBS2012/, What are you more tired of leftover turkey or the relatives? Come in for something different. Plenty of specials to choose from., Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends and family!  May you all have a wonderful day with your loved ones.  We are closed today but can't wait to see you all sometime soon.  We are thankful for all your support!, Pizza pizza pizza pizza.  11:30 today., Looking for something different tonight?
Try our shrimp and sun-dried tomatoes over angel hair.
Enough said., Pizzas start tomorrow at 11:30am to make the day before THANKSGIVING a wee bit easier.  Come in or take out!, Saturday is Small Business Saturday.  Register your American Express card to receive $25 credit when you spend $25 at a Small Business.  THAT IS US so come on in Saturday after the holiday and shopping for an awesome meal., Monday night football Bears/49ers. Start off Thanksgiving week right. Come in and catch the game and try our BBQ Sirloin Tips and a Sam Adams Winter Brew., Kevin Kelley is working the bar tonight. Come in and say hi, watch the game and have some pizza. Thanks for the post Kevin!, Back by popular demand Chef Pierre's homemade fish cakes. Made in house from the freshest North Atlantic Cod. Served   with your choice of sides and plenty of tartar sauce and lemon., They say everything is better with bacon... Thoughts?   Come in for lunch or dinner tonight and try our mouth watering bacon cheeseburger., Perfect fall night for our roast pork dinner.  Served with creamy mashed potatoes, corn, homemade gravy and of course apple sauce., Saluting the Veterans today!  We are able to say God Bless America because of our Veterans.   Thank you!, Looking for an excuse to get out with friends?  How about getting together to watch the BC/ND game?  Come in and watch or grab some takeout.  Should be a good one!, On the beginning of Veterans Day weekend, we want to remember all the Veterans who served this AWESOME country of ours.  We thank you for your service and our freedom., Thank you to Boston's Hidden Restaurants for adding a picture of our yummy lasagna and meatballs.   Come on in and try it!  Perfect day for a delicious hot lunch!, Thought we would share this awesome post by one of our customers! They framed a Pleasant Cafe pizza box, have it hanging in their kitchen and sent us this awesome pix! We LOVE IT!! Thanks @Barbara McCaulley Bartick!, Results will be coming in soon.  Come on down for a pint!, Election Day!  We are starting pizza at 11:30.  Bring a pizza to all those hard workers at the polls or come in after voting!, Election eve. Come in before or after the Truman Rally tonight. Cast your vote for Prime Rib or Roast Turkey Dinner., Roslindale Open Studios today and tomorrow.   Local artists have been busy preparing their studios and even hanging some artwork at The Pleasant.  Great day to get out and appreciate the arts!, Still time for guesses in our contest... $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the person who is closest to final score without going over. High scorer of game tie breaker., Celtics Home Opener Tonight! $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the person who is closest to final score without going over.  High scorer of game tie breaker., Roslindale Open Studios is this weekend.   Some of the local artists have hung their work at the Pleasant Cafe.   Come check it out!  Good luck everyone!, Good luck to Parkway Pop Warner D Team tonight in the playoffs!  GO PPW!!!, Call on your way home from work for take-out...
617-323-2111, HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!!   Pizzas start today at 11:30am.   Have a great night everyone!, A TREAT for tomorrow...pizza starts at noon!  Pick up a bubbling hot pie on your way home to trick or treat!, Is that the sun we see in front of 4515 Washington St?  See ya later Sandy!, Weathering storm.  Pizza ovens lit.   Tonight's specials prepared.   We are here., Please call us at 617-323-2111 before coming in today.   We need to see how the storm progresses.  So, please call first!, Hoping everyone stays safe during SANDY.   We are open if you care to venture out., Happy Saturday! Notre Dame vs. Oklahoma @ 8:00. Have some wings, order a pie, and catch the game., Why aren't you here?  You should be.  So, get moving!!!, Bubbling cheese, crispy crust, ice cold beer.  Don't day dream.  Come see us., Thinking about dinner already?  How about mushroom ravioli with alfredo sauce or spicy cajun chicken over pasta.  Both equally delicious.  Dine in or take out.  You decide., Monday night football or debate?  Your vote goes to...., Gorgeous autumn day in New England. Stop in after your visit to the pumpkin patch. Try one of our fall specials with an Octoberfest. Jets/Pats 4:25., Having some fun at the Taste of Roslindale!
, Friday night.... Broiled Lamb Chops or Baked Stuffed 11/4lb. Lobster? Louis Martini Cabernet or Fontana Candida Pinot Grigio? You decide., Nice to see so many friends at the Taste of Roslindale tonight!  Great night was had by all!, Anyone going to the Taste of Roslindale tomorrow night?  We will be there!, Starting to think about dinner?  We knew you were.. which means.. you should come see us tonight., Roslindale Day Parade starts @ 1:00 today. Come in before or after and try our  homemade turkey dinner with all the fixins. Roasted turkey, stuffing, creamy mashed potatoes, sweet butternut squash, gravy and of course cranberry., Another gorgeous New England day!!   Come top it off with our awesome Baked Stuffed Shrimp., Who is going to the Roslindale Day Parade?, Thank you to Brendan for the AWESOME seats last night at the Circus!  The crew from the Pleasant Cafe had an AMAZING time!  Don't forget to ask Donna and Maureen all about it!, Ahhhh...what a gorgeous day!, Thank you to Hidden Boston for including us in the list of Boston's Best Pizza!  Come on in tonight and give it a try!  What a gorgeous day to get out., Who watched the debate last night?  Any comments on winners, losers, pizza toppings?, With a few hours left in the day, it looks like Veal Parm is winning the debate.   Chicken will have to concede., Let's have our own debate.... chicken parm or veal parm?  Which would you vote for?, Good Morning!  Patriots and Pleasant pizza.  We have a game winning plan., Perfect pizza weather., Wouldn't it be great to relax on this rock while eating a Pleasant pizza? We think so. But it would also be great if you came in and enjoyed a pizza here. Nice thought for a beautiful fall day., To kick off fall, how about an ice cold cider and bacon pizza.   Yummy!!!, Pats vs. Ravens tonight at 8pm.  Remember our kitchen is open until 11:30pm so if you get hungry before, during or after... we will be waiting.., Saturday...College Game Day. Michigan@Notre Dame or Clemson@Florida State? Wings, Pizza, Octoberfest...sounds like a plan., Thought for the day..., How many pizzas would it take to feed the entire Patriots team?  Just thought a fun math problem before halftime would be exciting.  Any guesses?, Pats at 1pm today!  Great time to come in for a pizza and beer and watch the Pats get it done!!!, Just waiting on our pizza!, Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Bavis and Dewan families and to all others who lost loved ones on this day.   We will never forget!, Monday Night Football. Two games scheduled to kick off the season. Come in and catch the game. Kitchen open until 11:30pm., The box is calling you...., Let the football season begin.   It may only be hump day but football is back in action.  Come catch the Dallas/Giants game tonight with a few friends.  Great excuse to get out!, Nothing curses the back to the routine blues like a Pleasant pizza., Wishing everyone a Happy Labor Day! Pizza starts @ 12:00., What a gorgeous day!!  Grab some friends and head up for dinner.  Great way to end an awesome day.   Might as well grab a Baked Stuffed Lobster before they are gone., Happy Labor Day weekend! Don't labor in a hot kitchen. Let us do the cooking for you. Does Veal Marsala or Broiled Scallops sound tempting?, Just found this sketch Ann Altman did many years ago.   Quite a different way to see the Pleasant Cafe., Come in and try one of our Baked Stuffed 11/4 lb. lobsters. Delicious! While you are here grab one of our Patriot schedule magnets., Come peek in our windows and open the door.   Walk right in.  We can't wait to see you!  It's almost lunch time., Just tapped the Octoberfest!  Come in for an ice cold one while celebrating the "Halfway to the Weekend" day!, Fresh in from the farmers market..... EGGPLANT!!!  Just breaded and perfectly crispy.. Try it with our chicken or veal parm or on our pizza., This has been a week of rock stars.   What pizza creation  would be your "Rock Star" combination?, We wish Elvis "entered the building".   Thinking of him today on the 35th anniversary.   How about a Blue Hawaiian cocktail with your pizza tonight., Did someone say..."Pass the BOSS" ?, Come in and catch the closing ceremonies and try our vegetable lasagna with garden salad on special tonight. Pairs nicely with a crisp glass of William Hill Chardonnay., A creative way to ask mom to bring you to the Pleasant Cafe, A ten year old submitted our post today.... "Eat Pizza...it's good!", Start the weekend early tonight at the Pleasant.  How does an ice cold brew sound with a bacon pizza?  Can you smell the bacon?, Time for a chicken parm sandwich!  Perfect lunch for a beautiful day!, Anyone get the GOLD MEDAL for trying all the cocktails on the back of our menu?  Not in one day of course.   What is your personal favorite?, SPOILER ALERT.... Tonight's special is mushroom ravioli with portobello sauce and salad...$11.00.   Come in and try it out!, Maureen showing off tonight's special!  Baked Stuffed 1 1/4lb lobsters!  Come in and eat like an Olympian!, Grilled chicken Caesar salad on special today.  Perfect for a perfect summer day!, A menu staple with just the right amount of garlic...chicken, ziti and broccoli.    Can't wait til dinner time?  Come in now., Happy Thursday!  We hope all our fans are ok after a day of storms yesterday.   That was a crazy couple hours!, A pizza combo to cool you off tonight.... spinach, feta and sliced tomato.   What shall we call it?, AC is cranking. Beer is chilled. Sauce and dough were just made. Why cook tonight?, Thank you to Beanfield Boston for a sweet little review and fun picture!!  We appreciate it!!

http://www.beanfieldboston.com/2012/06/30/beanfield-pleasant-as-always/, Perfect way to end a perfect day....pineapple, bacon and jalapeno pizza and an ice cold Sam Summer.  Nothing better!, Thinking of what to have for lunch? How about a cup of our Italian Wedding Soup and a Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad?, Phantom Gourmet just posted a question on their FB page about who has the best cheese pizza.  If you love ours, please visit their page and mention us!  THANK YOU!!!!!, Stars and Stripes forever!  Happy 4th of July!!, We are open regular hours tomorrow!! Drop in before or after the beach, cookout or fireworks.  Or bring a Pleasant Pizza with you where ever you are celebrating! Happy 4th!, SURF or TURF tonight??  How about Block Island Swordfish or Prime Rib...or....Broiled Lamb Chops or 1 1/4 lb Lobster?  You decide!, The fisherman visits the Pleasant today and has his picture taken with Maureen.  Neither one of them is shy!, Don't waste the propane!  Come in for a Pleasant Burger... ground sirloin, cheese, sauteed peppers, mushrooms and onions! Complete with our homemade potato salad or cole slaw.   Hum.. might as well add an ice cold Harpoon IPA!, In the mood for something a little spicy? Come in and try a cup or a bowl of our buffalo chicken soup., Catch of the day!, A perfect pizza for today....hamburg, sliced tomato and bacon!  Can't you just taste it?, Friday!!! Back by popular demand 11/4 lb. lobsters. Served with crispy french fries and our homemade creamy cole slaw. Try it with a Rozi Razz Margarita. One of our bartenders own creations., Nothing beats the heat like a frosty ice cold corona with a lime.   Add a pineapple pizza to that order and what a great summer day you have made!, Come in today and beat the heat with a cool, crisp grilled chicken caesar salad and a frosty home brewed iced coffee., Happy Father's Day to all our favorite Dads!  Come in and enjoy a delicious relaxed meal and save the grilling for another day., Red Sox from Wrigley. Come in, catch the game, and try our Seafood Trio. Fresh haddock, scallops, and shrimp baked in our delicious stuffing. Don't forget the lemon and a Sam Adams Summer Ale!, Baked Stuffed Lobster!!!  1 1/4 lb. lobster stuffed with our homemade seafood stuffing and sweet scallops. Pairs nicely with our Polka Dot Riesling. Get one before they sell out., HAPPY FLAG DAY!!!  Wear some red, white and blue and enjoy!, Check out of specials for Father's Day!  What is your favorite on the list?, Let out the details... 1 1/4 lb stuffed lobster with homemade seafood stuffing and tender sweet scallops.  $19.95, Come cheer on the Celtics tonight with a Baked Stuffed Lobster.  Yep!  They are back and on special tonight.  Go Cs!, Noon on Friday...pizza time!!, Come cheer on the Celtics tonight with a green and gold pizza... broccoli and pineapple.  What are some other green and gold combos?  GO Cs!!!, Sox vs Toronto at 1pm, Celts vs. Heat at 8:30pm.  Great day for Sports and a great day to visit the Pleasant Cafe.   Our kitchen is open all day until 11:30pm to meet every schedule!, Doesn't a chicken parm dinner sound yummy right about now?, Celtics look to tie the series tonight.  Let's have a contest to bring them luck!  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the person who is closest to the final score.   GET YOUR GUESSES IN!!, Remembering all those who gave their lives for this great country of ours., Another game 7 tonight.. another contest.  Give us the final score of the Celtics game and the closest guess wins $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card!!  Ready, set, guess!, Have a wonderful, safe Memorial Day weekend.   Come see us before you start your festivities., Pleasant Pizza and an ice cold beer...just a thought..., Did you know you can get Pleasant Cafe sauce by the Quart?  With summer just around the corner, it's an easy way to whip up a quick meal!, A quick congrats to all our loyal FB friends who graduated this weekend.   What a great weekend it was for a graduation!  Congrats to all!, Friday!!!!! Celtics @ 76ers 8:00pm. Fisherman's Platter or Broiled Lamb Chops served until 11:30pm., A great night to visit the Pleasant Cafe with some friends.. what would you order?, Can the Celtics clinch tonight?  Let's have a contest.  $10 Pleasant Cafe to the person who guesses the winning team and final score., Mother's Day Specials for Sunday.. check them out., Has mom asked you to bring her to the Pleasant Cafe on Sunday?  A great place to be on Mother's Day!, Tabasco sauce on pizza?  Love it, hate it or going to give it a try?, Kentucky Derby Today!!!  Put on your favorite hat, come in to watch and enjoy a mint julep!, Pleasant Cafe pizza is...., Celtics vs. Hawks @ 7:00. Let the playoffs begin! Have you tried our Sausage Cacciatore?  Sweet Italian sausages with caramelized onions, peppers, and mushrooms. Add a dash of sherry and our red sauce. Served over your favorite pasta., This weekend kicks off the Beer and Bacon festival in Boston.  Why not start here with a bacon pizza and an ice cold Narragansett!, Time is getting close!  Get your guess in before the drop of the puck!  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the winner.  Time, period, player.    Take a shot!  GOOOO Bs!!!!!!, Tonights the night!  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card -- who scores first tonight in the big GAME 7.  Time, period, player.  GO!!!, Yeah Baby!!!  Who wants to book the Pleasant Room for their Game 7 pizza party with friends?  Give us a call then call your friends.  Good luck Bs!!, End of school vacation... One million things to do. Scratch dinner off your list. Come in or order your favorite to take home. Either way, let us do the cooking., Bruins vs Capitals @ 3:00 or Red Sox vs Yankees @ 4:05?Baked Stuffed Shrimp or Roast Prime Rib of Beef? You choose!, Let the playoffs begin.  What are the predictions?, Did you know April was National Food Month?  We just found out thanks to a family member.  So, as if you needed an excuse, come on in and make the most of it!, Wishing all our fans a wonderful and peaceful Easter!!  Enjoy!, Something for everyone on Easter... Prime Rib for dad, Baked Stuffed Shrimp for mom, Turkey Dinner for nana,  Roast Lamb for Grandpa and of course... pizza for everyone!, Wondering what else is on the Easter menu?  Roast Lamb with homemade gravy from the pan drippings, steamed asparagus, and candied sweet potatoes!  Mint jelly too!, Want more info on our Ham for Easter....It is slow baked and coated with brown sugar, cloves, pineapple, and cherries complete with a homemade raisin sauce., No plans for Easter Sunday yet?  We have some great specials  and more importantly no work for you!, null, null, So it looks like none of our FB fans won MegaMillions.   Bummer!  The good news is you can still come to the Pleasant tonight with some friends and not break the bank., Anyone going to see the BOSS tonight?  Why fight the crowds downtown when you can have a nice relaxing dinner beforehand with your friends at the Pleasant?, Come enjoy a roast turkey dinner while watching the Bruins roast the Ducks!  Game starts at 8pm.  Remember our kitchen is open every night until 11:30., Down to the elite 8. Ohio State vs. Syracuse 7:05.  Go Orange! Bruins @ Kings 9:00. Come on in. The kitchen is open until 11:30 pm., Another beautiful day.. make it a great night.  Come in and catch some NCAA and try a bracket buster special., Enjoy this summer day with an ice cold Sam Summer -- just tapped!  Finish the day off right!, Pleasant Cheese Pizza....$9.75
Ticket to Game...$75.00
First Bruins Game...PRICELESS, Going to the  St. Patrick's Day parade today? Come in after and try one of our specials. Corned Beef Dinner, Prime Rib, and Roast Turkey Dinner to name a few., Happy St. Patrick's Day! Corned Beef Dinner your choice...red or grey. Served with potato, cabbage, carrots, and turnip $10.00!!!!, Perfect day to grab some pizzas to go and have a picnic., Is it summer already? Come in and enjoy a Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad, Hawaiian Pizza, and a nice cool crisp glass of Pinot Grigio., Spring forward into the Pleasant. B's @ Pittsburgh 12:30. Selection Sunday. Is your team on the bubble? What is your top selection on the menu?, Bruins take on the Capitals @ 1:00. Tournaments galore. March madness around the corner. Come in and catch your game. We'll take care of lunch., Ahhhh...the weekend. Celtics vs. Portland 7:30. Come in and try our homemade fish cakes or how does shrimp scampi over angel hair pasta sound? Just the right amount of garlic and pale dry sherry., Bruins @ Rangers 12:30. Let's go B's! Hot Turkey Dinner with all the fixins...creamy mashed potato, butternut squash, stuffing, homemade gravy and of course cranberry sauce., In the mood for something sweet and spicy?  How about a pineapple, bacon and jalapeno pizza.   You know where to find us., FOURSQUARE USERS...Shop Small to support small businesses! No need to show your phone - just load this offer to your synced Amex Card: Spend $5 or more in one purchase at a participating small business and get a one-time $5 statement credit., Homemade Chicken Stew today.  What a perfect day for it!  Also, boiled dinner and buffalo chicken wrap on special., Cold snowy night. How does a 16oz New York Sirloin Steak smothered with sauteed mushrooms, peppers and onions sound?, End of school vacation blues or celebration? Come in and catch the Bruins @ Ottawa at 7:00 and try our Veal Marsala or Chicken Scampi., First Friday in Lent...fisherman's platter and swordfish kabobs on special tonight.   Why cook?  We have something for everyone!, Pizza starts at noon today and dinner specials run all day.  We have homemade fish cakes, linguini in a white clam sauce, broiled scallops and salmon., Fat Tuesday!!  Come fill up and celebrate., Roast Turkey Dinner and Prime Rib on special today.   Come enjoy a hearty meal after a beautiful February day! Top it off with a pint of Sam Spring Ale., What is the best way to start school vacation week?  With a Pleasant Pizza of course.   We wish all our FB fans a wonderful school vacation week., You know someone loves you when they bring home a Pleasant Pizza!  Thank you to one of our FB friends for writing the post for us today!  We couldn't agree more!, Wishing all our fans and customers a wonderful Valentine's Day!!!, Have some spare time since there is no snow to shovel?   We have a booth waiting for you so come on in., Tagline from our Valentine's Day ad.. tell us what you think..."Love is the greatest refreshment in life, Pleasant Pizza is the second"..., Still time to grab a pizza!  And enter our contest from earlier today!!  Countdown is on!!!  COME ON PATS!, SUPERBOWL CONTEST! $25 Pleasant Cafe gift card. Guess the final combined score, person closest without going over wins! Tie breaker question just in case... who is MVP., SUPERBOWL CONTEST!  $25 Pleasant Cafe gift card.  Guess the final combined score, person closest without going over wins!  Tie breaker question just in case... who is MVP., Are you ready for some football? Pinch me, it's Super Bowl Sunday. Kitchen opens @ 12:00. Pizza and Appetizers. Order early. Order often. GO PATS!!, Bruins take on the Penguins today @ 1:00. Pizza starts @ 12:00., Bruins vs. Carolina tonight.  Come in and watch the game with us.   Let's start this sports weekend off right!  Already thinking weekend!, Have you had our homemade Chicken Stew?  Just finished cooking.  Come give it a try., NHL All Star Game @ 4:00. Root on team Chara while enjoying our Surf and Turf ( 8oz Filet Mignon and 2 Baked Stuffed Shrimp). Wish we had some Czech pilsners!, FRIDAY!  Our favorite day of the week.  Let the fun begin!, Come catch the Celtics with us tonight and have a just tapped Sam Alpine Spring Ale..., Another nice review.  Thank you hidden Boston.  We appreciate it!!   Check it out fans.  Let us know what you think!, Congrats to all our Boston teams yesterday!  What a day!!, What a day to live in New England!  Go PATS!!  Go Bs!!  Come in and grab your pizzas for the game or try something different.. fried clams on today!, After a day of shoveling, we have the perfect treat for our friends... baked stuffed shrimp, prime rib and fishermen's platter.  All are on special tonight., Nothing says "Playoff Party" like a Pleasant Pizza!   Pats at 8pm and Bs at 7pm.   Order your pizza for both!!, Phantom Gourmet facebook page just asked best pizza.   Couple Pleasant Cafe Pizza replies.  LOVE TO SEE IT!!, BCS title game #2 Alabama vs. #1 LSU 8:30 tonight. Come in and catch the game on one of our 6 hi-def TVs. Try our homemade roast turkey dinner with all the sides., Stanley Cup rematch. Canucks vs. Bruins 1:00. NFL playoffs start @ 4:30. We'll be here all day for you. Call or come by!, First Friday of the New Year.  Catch the Celtics and start the weekend off right., A New Year.. a new contest.  Bruins tonight.  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the winner.  Who scores first... period, player, time.   Go!, Bowl games galore today.  Pizzas and the games start at noon!, Happy 2012!  Pats vs. Bills today at 1:00pm.   Bring some friends and start the year off right., Wishing all our friends a safe and wonderful New Years.  Hope 2012 is a year full of fun, health and lots of pizza!, New Year's Eve plans yet?  Why pay downtown prices when we have it all?  Prime Rib, Baked Stuffed Shrimp, Filet Mignon, Seafood Trio....kitchen is open until 11:30pm.  Ring in 2012 at the Pleasant Cafe!, Perfect day for some homemade beef stew for lunch.  YUM!!, A great place to meet up with friends during vacation week.. just a thought!, Merry Christmas to all our friends.  We hope you all have a wonderful day with friends and family.  Enjoy!!, Christmas cheer to all!  Still time to grab a gift card or two or some pizza.  Merry Christmas!, DAILY SLICE PIZZA BLOG just reviewed Pleasant Pizza... check it out! Thank you Daily Slice!, If you still haven't made up your mind about dinner tonight here is a thought... lamb chops, lamb chops, lamb chops.  Yep.. on special tonight!, Bruins @ Flyers 1:00. Come in for lunch and while you are here pick up some gift cards. Shopping has never been easier., Starting to feel the stress of the holidays?  We have the answer... pizza pizza pizza., Finally the weekend!!  Come in, relax, enjoy our Christmas decorations and pick up a gift card while you are here!, Bruins @ Winnipeg 8:30. Later start time but our kitchen is open 7 days a week until 11:30 pm., Bruins vs. Penguins tonight. Come in and try our Roast Turkey. Homemade stuffing, mashed potato, butternut squash, gravy, and of course cranberry sauce., Patriots vs. Indy 1:00. Pizza ovens are lit and the Buffalo Wings are marinated., Bruins go for home and home sweep of Leafs @ 7:00. Come in and try our Calves Liver sauteed with Bacon and Onion. Just like Grandpa used to make., Friday night...how about a Fisherman's Platter? Scallops,shrimp,clams and haddock served with french fries and our homemade coleslaw. Pairs nicely with a Harpoon IPA., CONGRATULATIONS Bruins!! The month of November without a loss in regulation! Go Bs!, Thank you to the artists from Roslindale Open Studios for hanging their artwork at the Pleasant.  We had a blast showing it off and look forward to next year!, Pats game @ 4:15. Come in and celebrate the mild weather with a platter of our hand battered golden fried CLAMS and a frosty pint. Yes, they have bellies., Tired of leftovers? Come in for our delicious Baked Stuffed Shrimp or Prime Rib of Beef. We also have room to accommodate all of your out of town family and friends., Wishing all our friends a wonderful and safe Thanksgiving Day!!  We are closed today so our staff can spend the holiday with their families.  Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!, Pizzas start at noon today.  What a great way to start the holiday weekend!, Pizzas start early tomorrow!!   Grab one for the road trip or for the get together with high school friends or for all of you who are going to be busy cooking Thursday!!, Great night for Boston sports last night!, Just noticed the Recommendations section on the right... thank you Anne M and Gary M for you awesome recommendations!  We really appreciate it!!, 10 more fans til we hit 1,500.  Not too shabby!   Recommend us to a friend!, A perfect way to a beautiful day... dinner at the Pleasant and a Bruins win!, Thinking of all the Veterans today!!, 236 today!  Happy Birthday to the United States Marine Corps., Election Day today!  Take a break from holding signs and come in for a hot lunch.  Good luck to all the candidates., Thought for Monday... we just tapped the Sam Adams Winter Brew yesterday., Beautiful day for Open Studios today.  Please come see the artwork at the restaurant.  Good luck to all the artists today!, Less than an hour left for our contest.  Who scores the first goal tonight, player, period, time.  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card.  GOOD  LUCK!!, Bs vs. Toronto tonight.  Who scores first?  Player, period, time.  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card goes to the winner.  Have fun!, Roslindale Open Studios is this weekend!  Come in before, during or after.  While here, look around the restaurant at the artwork from local artists.   Such talented neighbors we have!!, How many slices of pizza costumes came to your door last night?, Where did the nice fall weather go?   Come escape the rain/snow with a hot chicken parm and Magner's cider., Sound the bell.  It is almost the weekend and a Pleasant Cafe pizza is calling you... ring.. ring..ring......, Corned Beef Dinner on special tonight.  What a perfect night for it!  Come warm up and catch the Bruins vs. Canadiens!, Forgot to mention the Homemade Pot Roast dinner tonight.. the chill is in the air so time for some comfort food., Roslindale Open Studios is coming up Nov. 5 and 6.  To kick off the event come see some of the art work now showing at the Pleasant Cafe., Hurricanes blow into town tonight.  Come catch the Bruins game with us and relax like it's a Saturday.   No one will remind you it's only Tuesday., Bruins vs. Blackhawks 8:30 tonight.  Come in and catch the game!  Hamburger pizza with an ice cold Sam Octoberfest.  What is your favorite combo?, What a perfect fall day.   Make sure you top it off with a trip to the Pleasant!, Come have a BREW while the Brewers take on St. Louis tonight!  Why not... it's Friday and we would love to see ya!, What are your plans for the long weekend?, What goes great with Pleasant Pizza?  Watching the banner go up!  Sounds like a great night!, Raise it up tonight for our Stanley Cup Champion Bruins!  Can not wait!!, Anyone looking for a place to catch the second half?  We'll have an ice cold beer waiting!!, Roslindale Day Parade today at 1pm.  Who is going?  Come visit us after!!  Let's hope the rain holds off., Anyone ready for the weekend yet?, Down to the wire with our Sox.  Come in tonight with some pals to watch the last minute excitement.  Who would have thought??, Let's go Lester!!!  Come cheer him on with us and an ice cold Octoberfest!, Sox vs. Yanks tonight.  Come in, catch the action, and start the weekend off right!, Nice to see so many customers last night at Taste of Roslindale!  What a great turnout.  Congrats to all involved!, Taste of Roslindale tonight!!  Who is going?, As a dear friends says... everything is better with bacon.   Wouldn't a bacon cheeseburger hit the spot right now?  Come on in and grab one on this dreary rainy day!, Tonight's the night the Sox turn it around.   Come cheer them on!, Fall is in the air... and with the crisp air...some new crisp wines.  Come sample the new wine list with a pipping hot pizza.  Delicious!, Are you ready for some FOOTBALL?  Come cheer on the PATS tonight or get some pizza to go., God Bless America!, Is that the sun?  Come celebrate the weekend with us tonight.  If you can't be here but wish you could.. what one thing would you order?, Wishing all of our friends a happy and safe Labor Day.  Sad to see the summer end but looking forward to the fall and football season.  Come in for a Sam Adams Octoberfest to kick things off., Great night to bring a Pleasant Cafe pizza to a bbq!  Or better yet come in and share one with friends., Contest ends at first pitch.  Get your guesses in now.  Who hits first home run of September?  Player, team, inning., Red Sox vs. Yanks on this first day of September.  How about a contest.  Who hits the first home run of September?  $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card.   Player, team, inning., Come in for something different tonight.. we have Shrimp Fra Diavolo and Homemade Pot Roast with mashed and carrots.   2 yummy dishes for a late summer evening., An easy way to forget Irene... pizza at the Pleasant.  We will mix you up something fun to wash it down., Just added to specials today....seafood trio combo of scallops, shrimp, and haddock in our own seafood stuffing., A great way to end another summer weekend..... LOBSTERS at the Pleasant.  Get them while you can!!, Friday night stress... what to eat... lobster, fisherman's platter or pizza...or all three.  Come see us tonight!, Roslindale Food Pantry is in need of donations.  If you live in the area, please consider dropping off some non-perishable items.  Thank you!!, Sox at 4pm today -- come in with some friends to watch, eat and catch up!, Heads up... lobsters just came in so they will be on tonight..
1 1/4 stuffed lobsters!!  Come in early!, Plan of attack... tonight preseason football, pizza, ice cold beer.  Sounds like a game plan!, Anyone like pizza for breakfast?  Just wondering...., Seafood Trio tonight... Scallops, Shrimp, and Haddock in our homemade seafood stuffing.   Can you say yummy?, A famous Boston Chef was spotted in the Pleasant Cafe last week eating onion rings... which got us thinking... have you tried our onion rings?  Handcut in house and made to order.  DELICIOUS!, $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the person who comes closest without going over Lackey's pitch count for tonight.  Good luck!!, Lobsters sold out last night so more are on their way today!  Come get out of the heat and have an awesome meal at the same time., THEY'RE BACK!!  Lobsters just arrived.  So tonight....Baked Stuffed Lobsters stuffed with sea scallops and our homemade dressing.  Perfect for a hot summer day!, Too hot to cook!  Remember our kitchen is open until 11:30pm every night.  Stay cool!, Beat the heat today and catch the afternoon Sox game at the Pleasant.  Sox vs. Orioles at 12:35pm.   Lots of luncheon specials and of course AC to keep you cool!, Another shout out on Boston.com.  Check it out.  Wish they would put a yummy picture of our pizza too but what can you do?, $10 Pleasant Cafe Gift Card to first person to guess who has the first RBI tonight.   Player, team.  One guess a person.  Thanks to Eamonn for the suggestion., Sox vs. Tampa Bay tonight... any ideas for a contest?, Come in tonight to check out the Sox/Orioles!  Relax and get out of the rain.  Nothing better on a night like tonight than an awesome Pleasant meal and an ice cold beer!, Hope everyone had a wonderful 4th!  The West Roxbury Patch ran a nice article on the Pleasant over the weekend.  In case you didn't see it...., Happy Independence Day!!! Come see us after a day at the beach or on your way to the fireworks.  Have a safe and healthy holiday., Traffic today is crazy!  Why sit in it when you can sit in the Pleasant Cafe and relax?  A no-brainer., 4th of July weekend is fast approaching.   Show up at the backyard cookout with some Pleasant Cafe pizza and someone will surely fetch you a drink.   Enjoy!, Congratulations to all our facebook friends who graduated this month, got married or just partied with the Bruins.  What a great month!, Going to a cookout this weekend?  Bring some Pleasant Cafe Pizza and be the hit of the party., Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there.   We hope this day is extra special for you all!!, Bring on the parade!  Congrats Bruins.  Stop in after for a victory lunch., Nothing says Friday Night like a pizza from the Pleasant Cafe.   Come eat some carbs to prepare for tomorrow morning!! Yeah baby!  Or catch some inter league Red Sox play tonight., Congrats Bruins and Congrats fans.  What an awesome night., Countdown is on! Game 7 contest..$25 Pleasant Cafe gift card. 
Who scores first... PLAYER, PERIOD, TIME. GO BRUINS!!, Starting to feel giddy!  Game 7 contest..$25 Pleasant Cafe gift card. 
Who scores first... PLAYER, PERIOD, TIME.  GO BRUINS!!, HERE WE GO BRUINS!!!  Game 7 contest.. you know the drill... but this time it is for a $25 Pleasant Cafe gift card.  Who scores first... PLAYER, PERIOD, TIME.  LET's BRING THE CUP HOME TO BOSTON!!!!!!!!!!, Host your Game 7 pizza party here tomorrow night.  Pleasant Room seats 30 and has its own HDTV.   Give us a call 617-323-2111., Almost gametime.  Get your guesses in.  PLAYER, PERIOD, TIME, Get your guesses in for the $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card. 
PLAYER, PERIOD, TIME. GO Bs!, Today is the day!!  Let's go Bruins.  Get your guesses in early for the $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card.  PLAYER, PERIOD, TIME.  GO Bs!, A pizza makes everything better!, I am sick of waiting.  Bring on the Bruins.  Only a couple minutes left to guess.  GOOOOOOOOOO BRUINS!!!, Get your guesses in for a $10 Pleasant Cafe Gift Card.  Player, Period, Time.   GO BRUINS!!!!, AC is cranking, HDTVs are ready and the dough is being made.  We can't wait for tonight.  Get your guesses in early for a $10 Pleasant Gift Card.  Player, Period, Time.  Go Bs., Time is ticking till the puck is dropped.  Get your guesses in before then!, Might as well have another contest.   $10 gift card to the person who guesses PLAYER, TIME, PERIOD of first goal tonight.  Let's keep winning boys!!!  Lots of specials tonight so come check us out!, Let's go Bruins!!  Cheer your team on with a black and gold Pleasant Pizza -- sliced olives and extra cheese.  Go Bs!!, Today is the day!, One hour til game time.  Get your guesses in and go Bruins., Bruins Contest Time... Player.. Period... Time... $10 Pleasant Gift Card.  No winners on Wednesday so lets have lots of guesses today.   Ready, set, go!, Doesn't a Pleasant Cafe Chicken Parm sound good right about now??, Last chance for a guess...$10 Pleasant Cafe Gift Card to the person who guesses first goal... PLAYER..PERIOD...TIME. GO!! Good luck and Go Bs!, Stanley Cup Game 1....$10 Pleasant Cafe Gift Card to the person who guesses first goal... PLAYER..PERIOD...TIME.  GO!!  Good luck and Go Bs!, STANLEY CUP PLAYOFFS START TONIGHT.  Come watch the game with some friends - AC in full blast and HDTVs ready.  If you are hosting a party why cook?  Call 617-323-2111 and get some pizza to go.  GO BRUINS!, Remembering those who served this country and gave their lives for our freedom., Wishing all our customers a safe and healthy Memorial Day weekend!, What a game!!! Thank you Nathan Horton for making our night!!!, One hour til game time.  Any more guesses?, Who's gonna score it?  $10 Pleasant Gift card to the closest person who knows player, period, time in the BRUINS all important game.  GOOO Bs.  Contest ends when the puck is dropped!   Lots of guesses please., Cheese pizza....8.75     Ice cold Sam Summer....4.00
Watching the Bruins win the Prince of Wales Trophy at the Pleasant Cafe...PRICELESS., Finally Spring is here!!!  What is your favorite spring pizza combo?, Come catch the Sox/Cubs game with some friends.  The pizza is calling!, Today is the perfect day for our special home cooked turkey dinner.  Come on in and spend the first day of the rest of your life with us!, Red Sox vs. Cubs!  Let the fun begin.  Come watch the series with us and an ice cold beer, pizza, homemade onion rings.   You get the picture!, Game on!, Contest ends when the puck is dropped.  Keep guessing., $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the person who guesses when the sun will come out... NO just kidding.  Who scores the first goal in tonight's Bruins game... player, time, period.   GO!, The Sox are on!  Come watch and have a piping hot pizza!  We are all happy some baseball is being played.  Go SOX!, Thank you to the Boston Bruins for taking my mind off the weather!!, Mondays are always better after sweeping the Yanks even if the sun isn't shining.   Anyone else feel the same way?, Thank you to Carol O'Connor for posting the link below on our page.  Nice to see some great reviews of Roslindale Restaurants.   Hope everyone had a great weekend although we are sad to see it end.  GO SOX!!! , Great night for a game!!  Come in with some friends and hang out in our Pleasant Room.  Tonight's specials include LAMB CHOPS, Baked Stuffed Shrimp, Seafood Trio, Surf & Turf to name a couple. GOOOOO BRUINS!!!, HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all our favorite moms.  We hope you all have a wonderful, safe, peaceful day.   We have some awesome specials today to enjoy while relaxing with your family and friends.  Enjoy!!, Contest ends when puck is dropped. $10 Pleasant Cafe to the FB fan who guesses first goal. Player, period, time. GO Bruins!!! Let's have a ton of guesses so someone wins., Game 4 Friday!!!!  $10 Pleasant Cafe to the FB fan who guesses first goal.  Player, period, time.    GO Bruins!!!  Let's have a ton of guesses so someone wins., Celebrate Cinco de Mayo with a jalapeno, bacon and pineapple pizza and an awesome frozen margarita.  Pure happiness!!!, No guesses for Chara....but as long as the Bruins win.. who cares.  Go BRUINS!!!, 10 minutes til gametime.  Come in to watch and log on your guess.  Contest ends when puck is dropped.  Go Bruins!!!!, All guesses must be in by 7pm.  Have some fun.. make a guess!!, Game 3 for Bruins tonight!  Action starts at 7pm.  We will try our contest one last time.... who scores first??  Player, period, time.  Winner gets $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card.   We want a winner.. so lots of guesses please....GO!, Boston Sports in full force today!  Bruins/Flyers series at 3:00pm followed by the Sox tonight.   Come in and watch one or both!   The pizza is calling you....., Write on The Pleasant Cafe's wall..., Guesses must be in by 7pm...Go Bruins!!!!, BIG NIGHT TONIGHT!! Go Bruins!  Let's have some fun with a $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the first fan who tells us who scores the first goal tonight....player, period, time.  Closest wins!  All entries by 7PM!  Go BRUINS!!!!!!!!, Happy Easter to all our facebook friends.  We hope you all have a wonderful day with friends and family.  We have lots of Easter specials if you want to spend the day with us.   ENJOY!, Great night to come see us.  Bruins playoff action at 7pm.  Sox at 9pm.  And a nice barrel of Sam Summer just tapped.   Sounds like a great night in the making..., Thanks to Hidden Boston for posting our review on their fb page today.   We appreciate it.  Check it out!, Sox and Bruins action now! Go Boston!
, Homemade Fish Cakes tonight!!   They are a Lenten favorite.  So, come have some and celebrate an AWESOME opening day!, OPENING DAY... PERFECT DAY TO START WINNING.   How about winning a $10 Pleasant Cafe Gift Card.   Who will be the first player to hit a home run at Fenway?  Player, team, inning.   Entries must be in by 2:00pm.   LETS GO RED SOX!!!!, My yummy lunch today., LAST CALL...Bulter vs. UConn tonight at 9:23pm. $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the person who comes closest without going over in tonight's game -- final score, winning team. All entries must be in by start of the game. Good Luck!!, Bulter vs. UConn tonight at 9:23pm.   $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the person who comes closest without going over in tonight's game -- final score, winning team.  All entries must be in by start of the game.  Good Luck!!, Everyone went over last night!  So, let's try again tomorrow.  Details to follow., All guesses must be in by start of game.   Final score and winning team wins $10 PLEASANT CAFE gift card.   UConn vs Kentucky. 
, Some Saturday Fun....$10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the person who comes closest without going over in tonight's final four action between UCONN and KENTUCKY.   Final score wins.. closest without going over!  Good luck.  Come in and watch the action today!, No winners this time.  Kinsler of Texas hits first home run.  We will have another contest soon.  Everyone have a great Friday night, enjoy opening day and come in for a pizza and ice cold Harpoon.   Sounds like a perfect April 1 !, Only a couple minutes left to guess.. no guessing after first pitch...OPENING DAY FINALLY! Giving away another $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the person who can guess the first home run today in the Sox Opening Game. Player, team, inning. Ready, set, go!, OPENING DAY FINALLY!  Giving away another $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to the person who can guess the first home run today in the Sox Opening Game.  Player, team, inning.  Ready, set, go!, How does this lunch sound.. a buffalo chicken wrap with a cup of our homemade chicken tortilla soup?  Come on in or call us and we will wrap it to go., As Winter refuses to leave... how about some HOT, HEARTY, HOMEMADE Chicken Lentil soup for lunch.  Come see us., There is still time to enter...$10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to our friend who guesses the team and time of the first goal of the Bruins/Canadiens tonight. Example.. Bruins 10:20 first period. Let's have some fun!! Ends at 6:50pm tonight., $10 Pleasant Cafe gift card to our friend who guesses the team and time of the first goal of the Bruins/Canadiens tonight.   Example.. Bruins 10:20 first period.  Let's have some fun!!, Bruins and Canadiens square off again tonight at 7pm.  Come watch the action with us.   Have you tried our homemade onion rings?  They are AWESOME!, Break up the week.  Stop in for lunch.  Don't have time?  Call us and we will pack it up to go.  617-323-2111, Things to celebrate today... first day of spring, the St. Patrick's Day Parade, and an awesome dinner at the Pleasant Cafe.   What a great day!, Are your brackets doing as bad as ours?  Come in for the next round while having an ice cold Sam Adams Noble Pils!  We love March Madness., March Madness has started.  Come in today and catch some games while enjoying our Friday specials.   Invite some friends and make a night of it!, HAPPY ST. PATRICK's DAY!! Pizzas start at noon and we have our dinner specials running all day long., A cold, rainy, raw day.  How about some comfort food to warm you up.  Lunch specials today include homemade chicken and chili soup and pot roast with mashed, gravy and vegetable., It's never too early to plan your St. Patrick's Day celebration.  Check out our specials!, Spring in for a delicious meal tonight and SPRING FORWARD when you go home., Lots of Lenten Specials again tonight.  A new favorite is our massive, homemade fish cakes.  If you haven't tried them, come on in.   We usually run out.   And of course lots and lots of pizza tonight.   How about mushroom and onion....a fb favorite., Thank you to all who have voted.  If you haven't had a chance, please give us a quick vote.  Every vote counts.  , Boston.com is running their Best Pizza vote again.  Please check it out and give us a vote!  We really appreciate it!!!  Tell your friends, too., Come in for one of our many Lenten specials.  We have homemade fish cakes, broiled or fried scallops, fisherman's platter, fried clams or broiled schrod.  PIZZAS start at noon today., Seafood Trio tonight on special and the Bruins/Penguins on HDTVs.  Come relax with us and enjoy the way Saturdays were meant to be., FRIDAY AGAIN!  We are thinking warm as Spring Training tonight features our SOX vs. Yankees.  Come in and watch it while enjoying one of our specials tonight.  Veal Marsala is on tonight as is Chicken Kabobs.  AND OF COURSE PIZZA!  Happy weekend., March is here and Spring in in the air.... drop in for dinner and grab one of our Red Sox Schedule magnets.  They have arrived and they look awesome., Is it finally the weekend?  We know how you feel.  Come indulge., That's what you call starting the weekend off on a BANG!, End this perfect day with a perfect pizza....., Thank you to all our customers for simply...being the best!, Happy Valentine's Day to all in FB land.  We are starting pizzas today at noon (we all LOVE pizza) and have Valentine specials running all day long., It's almost quitting time!  Come reward yourself for surviving a full 5 day work week by relaxing at the Pleasant Cafe.  Lots of specials tonight... and of course... lots of PIZZA!!!!, Come watch the Celts vs. Lakers with us tonight on our HDTVs.  Will it be as exciting as last nights Bruins game?  Come have a pizza, a couple frosty drinks and see.  Go Celts!, Valentine's Day is just around the corner....., Celebrate Truck Day by a visit to the Pleasant Cafe.   Watch the Red Sox gear heading to Florida while enjoying a nice hot meal., Pleasant Pizza = A successful Superbowl Party.  Don't forget to get your Pleasant Cafe pizzas.  Or come watch the Superbowl with us.    Packers or Steelers or who really cares?, Pleasant Pizza and Superbowl Sunday.  What a great combination.  Order your pizzas by calling 617-323-2111!, 2 of our most popular specials tonight... LAMB CHOPS and Baked Stuffed Shrimp -- which will you choose?, Try a different pizza tonight... how about pineapple, ham and jalapeno!!!, Another cool pix for all to enjoy.   Let's start the weekend now.   We are ready!, Forgot to mention lunch specials of hot turkey sandwich and chicken chili - perfect to warm some soaking wet bones.    Burrrr...., We are all shoveled out and have lots of piping hot food for lunch.  And if that doesn't make you smile... pitchers and catchers report in 11 days!!  Lots to look forward to..., Having a Superbowl party?  It is never too early to order your pizzas for the big game.  Give us a call at 617-323-2111., What's it going to be today?  Should we make it a Chicken Parm Saturday?, Friday is pizza night....here's a little preview., No school again tomorrow Boston!  Come see us for lunch or dinner.  We will run some specials to warm you up., What is your favorite after-shoveling meal or drink?, Yes the snow was fluffy, yes the roads are clear, yes it is time for an ice cold frosty beer!!, Take the kids in for lunch after some shoveling, sledding, snow-fort making adventures.  We are open and have lots to warm you up!  Be safe., Time for a winter favorite....homemade baked lamb on special tonight.   Yes... slow cooked and simmered in our tomato gravy.    Haven't tried it yet?  Tonight's the night!, Dreaming of summer?  Come in for our broiled scallops - just delivered- on special tonight.   We can all dream!!!!, Here is a picture that was sent to us of our snow-covered neon.   That was the week that was in Roslindale.  Enjoy the weekend!, Is it too early to think about dinner?  Pizzas start at 4pm today.   I'll leave it at that...., Lunch specials for the shovelers....hot turkey sandwich, pot roast dinner and homemade chicken chili soup. Take a break, warm up, eat some awesome food and then get back out in the snow., We are open today so if you need a break and a nice hot meal, hot coffee or ice cold beer come see us., More snow on the way?  Chicken Parm is the perfect PRE-SHOVELING dinner.  You will be all set for tomorrow.  Just another excuse to come see us., Another beautiful winter day... perfect for some football and a prime rib dinner.   Any takers?, Who gets your vote tonight... Indy or Jets?  Come check out the game at 8pm.   Or come in earlier for Bs vs. Canadiens.  That is an easy pick..., Friday night -- how does an ice cold winter sam and a pizza sound?   Just thinking...., The bad news...looks like none of our fans hit the Mega Millions jackpot.    The good news...the weekend is right around the corner and we are already thinking about it., What a beautiful day to start off 2011!  We want to wish everyone an amazing New Year!   Thank you for all your comments and feedback in 2010.  We truly appreciate it and look forward to a fun 2011., We wish everyone a happy, healthy, fun-filled New Year's Eve and Wonderful 2011!  If your resolutions include NOT doing dishes, come see us tomorrow and start your resolutions off right!  Happy New Year!, Planning your New Year's Eve Celebration... why pay downtown prices?  Come see us before heading out for the evening.   A selection of tomorrow's specials includes Baked Stuffed 1 1/4lb lobster, Prime Rib of Beef, Fishermen's Platter, Veal Marsala, and Broiled Lamb Chops.   Pizzas start at 12pm!  Happy 2011!, Apologies to anyone who tried to reach us yesterday and got a busy signal.  We experienced a power outage and had no phone lines.  Not a fun Wednesday but looking forward to a much better day today!, First night is around the corner!!  Why not head to the Pleasant Cafe for a quick dinner before heading in town to face the crowds.   No crazy battles over parking spots here.  Come see us and end the year right.   Happy 2011!!, Had enough shoveling? Come in for a nice hot coffee drink to warm you up.  And while you are here, stay for dinner.   We are open and all shoveled out., Hope you all had a wonderful Christmas!  Come catch the Pats game at 1pm before the snow really sets in.  Go PATS!!!  Give us a late Christmas present with a nice big win!, Merry Christmas to all!  We hope you all have a wonderful Christmas and happy, healthy 2011.  We will be closing at 5:30pm today so our staff can spend Christmas Eve with their families.   Merry Christmas!, Take a break from the cleaning, the cookie making, the card writing duties and come see us tonight.  You deserve it.  We'll be waiting., Entertaining this week?  Why make your own sauce when you can buy it fresh at the Pleasant Cafe?  Let us take some of the stress away for you.  We sell it in the quart or pint size.   It is made daily so just call the day you need it.   One less thing to worry about!, 6 more shopping days!  A Pleasant Cafe gift card makes the perfect gift.  Buy them for the whole family and be done., 1 more hour til quitting time.  Come see us to start your weekend off on the right foot., Celtics vs. Knicks tonight!  Hot game.. cold night!  Come in for dinner, relax and catch the game.   Tonight on special is Roast Pork with veggies and salad.  Perfect for tonight.  Grab a gift card on your way out., Weekend is finally here!   Why fight the mall traffic?   Come relax here instead and grab some gift cards when you are leaving.  Shopping done.  Check!, Need a great gift idea... Pleasant Cafe Gift Cards.  Call today and ask for John.  He will get them in the mail with plenty of time to spare.   
617-323-2111., Are you ready for some football?  Tonight -  Patriots vs. Jets.  Come in for buffalo wings, pizza or one of our many specials.  Catch the action on one of our 6 HDTVs.   If tailgating at home, all of our menu items are available for takeout.  And remember our kitchen is open until 11:30pm!  Go PATS!!, What's for dinner?  Come on in and try something new tonight...., Just finished decorating for Christmas! Come in for a buffalo chicken wrap for lunch and check it out! , Don't forget Small Business Saturday today!  Hope one of the small businesses you support is us.   Not in the area, give us a buzz for a gift card.  They make great Christmas presents.   We will happily mail them to you!, Take a break from shopping or leftovers and stop in for dinner.  We will have the Celtics/Toronto game on., Wishing everyone a happy, healthy and filling Thanksgiving Day!, Busy getting ready for Thanksgiving... let us cook today!  Come in for some takeout pizzas or one of our many specials.   If you are entertaining out of town friends, the Pleasant Room seats 35!  Pizzas start early today at noon.  Happy Thanksgiving everyone!, Roslindale Village Tree Lighting is Saturday 3-5pm.  Come in after for something to warm you up and to support a small business on Small Business Saturday!  Make it a complete day in Roslindale., Beautiful Sunday to be outside.. but make sure you come in to catch the Pats/Colts Game!   Or call for takeout during halftime!  GO PATS!, Saturday Nov. 27 is Small Business Saturday.  Register and use your American Express at a small business and get $25 back from AMEX.  Sounds like another great reason to come to the Pleasant Cafe on Nov. 27.  Dine in or takeout!  Hope to see you then and thank you to American Express for supporting the small business community., Ok -- time to come inside after another awesome autumn day!  Give your raking arms a rest from cooking and come catch the Bruins / Senators game tonight., What a gorgeous day!  Make the ending a PLEASANT one!  Hope to see you all tonight., THANK YOU to all the veterans and men and women serving today!!  Thank you for protecting us and our freedoms and representing this beautiful country of ours!  Keep safe!, Another cool, rainy day.  Come in for a homemade roast pork dinner tonight with our awesome gravy, mashed and corn.  Goes great with a Winter Brew.  Treat yourself!, Bored?  Still haven't made dinner?  Give us a call  617-323-2111!  We have something for everyone!, Friday - 5pm - The weekend is finally here.   Treat yourself to a pizza.  We will be waiting.  And don't forget this weekend is Roslindale Open Studios., Roslindale Open Studios is this weekend!  The Pleasant Cafe is showing a collection of artwork for various artists participating in Open Studios.  Come check it out or come in for dinner after visiting all the locations.  Good luck to all the artists!, Election Day!!  Why cook when you can come in for our homemade pot roast dinner with mash and carrots?  That's what we would vote for..., Happy Halloween!!  Grab some pizzas for your wee little goblins before trick or treating!  Have a safe and fun evening., The fall weather is finally here but there is still a taste of summer at the Pleasant Cafe.  1 1/4 lb. Baked Stuffed Lobsters tonight stuffed with homemade seafood stuffing, scallops and shrimp., Lots of sports tonight!  Come catch a game at the Pleasant Cafe.  Come relax before the busy halloween weekend arrives!, Bruins vs. Rangers tonight at 7pm!!  Pizza from the Pleasant Cafe and a Bruins game.  Gotta love the fall in Boston., Election day today in West Roxbury!  Good luck to the candidates.   If you need a break from sign holding, come see us., The Patriots are on!  We are watching.  Come in for the game and stay for dinner.  There's a plan!, Celebrate a beautiful autumn day with a baked lamb dinner and ice cold Magners Cider. You can find both tonight at the Pleasant Cafe., We have started the process of hanging artwork by local artists for the upcoming Roslindale Open Studios.  It looks awesome!  Stop in, grab a bite to eat, and enjoy some local artwork.   Congratulations to all the artists and best of luck at Open Studios., Start the long weekend with a trip to the Pleasant!  Tonight's specials include  Swordfish Kebobs, Prime Rib and Lamb Chops.   Come relax and let us do the cooking., Tuesday thoughts... any fall drinks you would like to see on our menu?  We are redoing our table tents and would love any new ideas from our FB friends., Patriots are in Miami for some Monday Night Football.  Come watch the game with friends!  Wings, pizza, football and beer.  Can't think of a better way to start the week.  GO PATS!, What a gorgeous day for the Roslindale Day Parade.   It is a great community event starting at 1pm.  Hope to see you there.  Stop in after for a pizza or awesome Prime Rib dinner., Tonight on special...seafood trio!!  Scallops, shrimp and haddock with a seafood breadcrumb stuffing.    Delicious.  Come in for BC/ND or Sox Yanks game and treat yourself!!, Happy October! The Pleasant is excited to be participating this year in Roslindale Open Studios. We will be showing work from 20 local artist from Mid October until the End of November. More information to follow but we can't wait!, Roslindale Day Parade is this Sunday - October 3 at 1pm.   Remember to stop in after for a pizza!   It is always a great time!  Thank you to all the organizers for their hard work.  Enjoy!, Lamb Chops rocked last night.. so how about Barbeque Baby Back Ribs or Baked Stuffed Shrimp tonight.  Come see us!  Sox / Yanks today at 4:00pm., Lamb Chops tonight on special!  If you haven't tried them, you need to.  They are delicious!, We had a great night tonight at Taste of Roslindale!  Great to see soo many of our facebook friends.  Hope you all enjoyed yourselves.  Congratulations to Carol on a job well done and Roslindale Main Street!, Fall is rolling in. Stop in for some pot roast tonight and an ice cold Sam Octoberfest - just tapped., This AWESOME cooler will be at the Taste of Roslindale next week.  It is full of Sam Adams glasses, t-shirts, hats, beer and a gift card to the Pleasant Cafe.    Thank you Sam Adams!  Great cause.    Hope to see everyone there., Election day today.  Good luck to all the candidates!!!, Monday night football!  2 games tonight.  Come relax with some friends and catch the games with us., Pats vs. Bengals.  Today at 1:00pm.  Come watch the game with us or grab some takeout at half time.  Go Pats!, Back to school? How about back to the Pleasant? If we haven't seen you in a while, please come by and see us. Tonight is a great night to eat out!, FOOTBALL SEASON...kicks off tonight.  Come in for a pizza and an ice cold beer to watch the Saints take on the Vikings.   Get together with some friends in the Pleasant Room!  We love football!, Back to school schedules have started!  No time for cooking??   Come in after school, soccer, dance or whatever the activity is for a great meal!  Our kitchen is open daily until 11:30pm!, Just wondering.... anyone have a favorite PLEASANT memory they would like to share?  We love reading them!!, Come sample the last of the Sam Summer -- we just tapped our last barrel.  And it goes great with our FISHERMAN's PLATTER.    Great way to start this long holiday weekend.  Hope everyone has a safe one!, Roll into the Pleasant before Earl rolls in this weekend!!  Tonight on special is Prime Rib and Corned Beef dinner., Going away this weekend?  Grab a pizza on your way.    Or if you are staying in town, come visit us.   Lots of baseball to watch and apps to try.  But whatever your plans are -- enjoy this beautiful weekend!, Come by for a homemade Turkey dinner with all the fixins' - homemade mashed potatoes, butternut squash, stuffing, gravy and, of course, cranberry sauce.  Grab your Patriots schedule magnet!!, It's can't be... another Wednesday... another night of lobster either 1 1/4lb baked stuffed or boiled.  Ohhhh.. but it is.  Come see us tonight!, Mid week special -- lobsters are back tonight.  Baked Stuffed 1 1/4 pounders.  If you haven't tried one, come on in.    Relax and enjoy while watching the little league world series if you are in early or the Sox after 7pm., Veal parm, eggplant parm or chicken parm?  Your favorite is...., Pleasant Cafe Pizza featured on Boston.com in Best Pizza in Boston article.  Check it out and a big thank you to all our loyal customers!!, What is your favorite pizza combination?, Sox game tonight at 10:00pm!  Come in for a late bite to eat.   Remember our kitchen is open nightly til 11:30pm.   Our summer special ~ baked stuffed lobsters on Fridays ~ is on the blackboard tonight!, Just got in our lobsters so they will be on special tonight.  Baked Stuffed 1 1/4 lb lobsters stuffed with scallops and seafood stuffing.  Delicious and only $19.95, Wishing everyone an AWESOME 4th! We are open all weekend to help you cool off, pick up a pizza for the neighbors bbq or catch the fireworks on our HDTVs. Enjoy every second!, Wishing everyone an AWESOME 4th!  We are open all weekend to help you cool off, pick up a pizza for the neighbors bbq or catch the fireworks on our HDTVs.  Enjoy every second!, Congrats to John K. of WR- winner of our first FB contest and 2 great seats to an upcoming RED SOX game.  Thank to you all our fans who participated.  Thinking up some great ideas for our next promotion.   Keep visiting!, 1 1/4lb Baked Stuffed Lobsters tonight!  Come in before they are gone!  Yum yum., Coming Friday.... Lobsters!, Today is a great day for BACON!  Come in for lunch and grab a club or cheeseburger with bacon.. Everything is better with bacon!  Remember to enter to win SOX TICKETS!, HAPPY FATHERS DAY to all the dads out there!  We hope it is an awesome day!  You all deserve it.  Enjoy enjoy!, This is our first attempt at a contest like this.  If you have any issues downloading the file, email us at contact@pleasantcafe.com and we will email you a form., FB fans! Here is you chance to enter to win a pair of Red Sox tickets. Download the attached form and turn it in on your next visit. Good luck and thank you for your continued support of the Pleasant Cafe!!, Remember Dad this weekend with a gift card from The Pleasant or bring him in for dinner.  Coming this weekend.... contest for FB friends only to win a pair of Red Sox tickets.   A small thank you to all our loyal FB fans!!, Tonight's gonna be a good night!!! Come in cheer on the Celtics or grab some food to go!  Go go go!!, Have you had our handmade Burgers yet? They are awesome and available both lunch and dinner. Why eat a regular patty when you can have one made just for you?, Planning an end of the school year party...don't forget the Pleasant Room.   Holds groups up to 30 people.  Call for availability., Sox vs. Phillies today and The World Cup - USA vs. England.  Come see us and relax while nibbling on a pizza or our delicious prime rib!, Tonight...why not try our HOMEMADE Fish Cakes!! They are awesome!  Don't feel like fish?  Lamb chops are on special, too.  Yum yum., Father's Day is around the corner... how about a Pleasant Gift Card? Dad would love it! Drop in or give us a call.. 617-323-2111., A popular summer special tonight -- Scallops with sun-dried tomatoes over angel hair!  Delicious!!  Give it a try before the game!  GO Celtics!, A old rivalry revisited!!! Celtics vs. Lakers tonight at 9pm.  Perfect time to come in a grab dinner before or during the game.   Hang out and watch the C's while trying a new summer cocktail or grab a few pizzas to go. Let's go Celtics!!!!, A big thank you to all the veterans out there on this Memorial Day weekend.   Enjoy the weather, be safe and stop in and see us.  We are open all weekend!, Why cook in this heat??  Grab some take out on your way home from work.  Our complete menu is available to go.  Give us a call at 617-323-2111, Finally a nice warm day!   Come celebrate with a cold beer and a pizza -- how about ham and pineapple.  Yum!!   And thank you to the readers of the Parkway Transcript for voting us Best Pizza again this year.  More to follow on that!, Tonight's special is an old favorite... homemade pot roast dinner - complete with fresh carrots and homemade gravy.   We will, of course, be watching the C's in game 2 of their series against Orlando., Stop in tonight to catch the Bruins on our HDTVs.    A traditional New England favorite is on special tonight - Fisherman's Platter.   A delicious platter loaded with fried scallops, shrimp, clams and haddock.  Yummy!!  Go B's!!, Today's soup is homemade Chicken Chili!  It is awesome.  Come in and grab a quick bowl for lunch.   Having a late lunch?  Sox are on at 1:35pm.   Go Sox and of course, Bruins tonight.  Let's wrap it up!, What an exciting Monday this could be!! Come watch the Bruins vs. Flyers playoff game.  We could finish them off tonight.  Have you had our homemade Turkey Dinners?  Perfect for a cool night!, Happy Mother's Day to all our favorite moms! Enjoy your special day!, Don't forget mom tomorrow.  We have some great specials on our website so check them out.    Prime Rib is always a favorite with mom!   Also check out our news page... our biggest fan wrote us a special pizza poem!, Why channel surf tonight on this busy day for Boston Sports.  Come in and grab a bite while watching either the Sox vs. Yanks, Celts vs. Cavs, or Bruins vs. Flyers.  We will have all the games on our HDTVs., Didn't bring your lunch to work...no problem.  Today's lunch special is an awesome buffalo chicken wrap.  If you haven't had one yet, drop in and see us., Today at 12:30 the Bruins continue their quest for the cup taking on the Flyers. Enjoy the game with some Buffalo Wings and one of our hand rolled pizzas.  Come in later with your best derby hat and catch the Kentucky Derby. Enjoy a refreshing Mint Julep and our succulent Prime Rib of Beef.  Wind things up with the Red Sox taking on Baltimore  and sample our Strawberry Shortcake or homemade Grapenut Pudding., Come cheer on the Sox and Bruins tonight and try one of our new spring drinks!  How about a Rozzie Razz Margarita or Lemon Razz Martini.  We also just added an old favorite -- Narragansett Lager!!, The Sox take on the Minnesota Twins at 4:10 PM this afternoon. Swing by after work and see the first game at new Target Field on our HDTV's!, null, Come in this Friday for our famous Lenten Specials. Our fish is delivered fresh every day! For more specials visit our website where we post our specials daily!, Hey Boston! The Pleasant Cafe is thrilled to finally be on Facebook! Keep an eye on us as we'll be posting weekly specials and promotions here. Thanks for your continued support.)