List(Mute swan at Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sharon Stump), Great blue heron catching fish along Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Need some light reading this weekend? Learn about the Buckeye Trail (The Buckeye Trail Association) and where you can hike it in Summit Metro Parks., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I found these two predacious diving beetles in a vernal pool at Liberty Park. They seem to be in mortal combat. I read they breathe through the tail. How cool is that?", Volunteer Jeff Hill captured some great photos of tree swallows along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Volunteer Jerry Cannon saw this eyed click beetle at Liberty Park. Those spots really aren't its eyes; they are meant to scare off predators., Where is this northern cardinal's "black mask?" Is he playing an April Fools' Day trick on us? Nope! 

Volunteer Jeff Hill spotted this unique bird along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Our naturalists confirmed this bird is lacking the typical pigment found in the plumage., Swim Passes go on sale 4/1! Enjoy lake swimming at Munroe Falls Metro Park and Silver Creek Metro Park during swim season, May 28 - August 14. *NEW THIS YEAR*: We're adding a fence at Munroe Falls. Only people entering the beach area to swim will be charged an admission fee! 

Buy a swim pass online: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Swim, Yesterday there was a controlled burn at Springfield Bog Metro Park. Controlled burns are a management technique used to keep prairies and grasslands from "growing up" into shrubby areas and woodlands. Volunteer Jerry Cannon was there to capture the action., Naturalist Meghan recently spotted some spring wildflowers at Furnace Run Metro Park: bloodroot, cut-leaved toothwort, harbinger-of-spring and hepatica., Various views of Springfield Bog Metro Park (photos by volunteer Tami Hill), Our park manager said the daffodil blooms are at about 30% at Furnace Run Metro Park. (photo by volunteer Jeff Picoult), Highs near 65 degrees on National Take a Walk in the Park Day? It's meant to be! See you on the trails., Eastern comma butterfly at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), The Buckeye Trail circles the entire state of Ohio. Find out how you can hike the trail through Summit Metro Parks and learn about its history on our blog., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This bee fly was taking advantage of the flower and warmer weather at Furnace Run Metro Park.", Ospreys at Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park are working on some "nestorations." (photo and pun by volunteer Sharon Stump), It's time to wake up and start the day! Volunteer Bob Roach caught some mallards sleeping at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Red-tailed hawk near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photos by volunteer Jeff Hill), Don't hide because it's Monday! (photo by volunteer Sheila Stranksy along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is closed most Mondays, but it's OPEN TODAY, 3/28, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., This chipmunk stopped long enough for volunteer Bob Roach to snap a quick photo (taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm)., Volunteer Jerry Cannon recently spotted his first garter snake of the year at Liberty Park., Golden-crowned kinglet at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Low-flying great blue heron near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Volunteer Jerry Cannon found a cluster of spotted salamander eggs in Hampton Hills Metro Park. Soon after, he found a spotted salamander., This male cardinal was really working his angles for the camera. (photo by Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Volunteer Doug Dawes has deemed this group "the Tallmadge Meadows Sunrise Hiking Club." (photo taken at Munroe Falls Metro Park), Close up of a bald eagle near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Enjoy this image of a spotted salamander crossing Sand Run Parkway (from volunteer Rob Vaughn) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our April '16 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, On the first day of spring, volunteer Sharon Stump spotted this bald eagle at Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park., Volunteer Rob Blair found "an overly ambitious pied-billed grebe attempting to swallow a very large fish" near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Splish, splash! Volunteer Tami Hill caught these turtles going into the water along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., null, null, null, This morning, Wadsworth Shelter in Sand Run Metro Park was demolished. Watch the last few seconds of it coming down., These birds look slightly similar. Can you tell which is a blue jay and which is a tufted titmouse? (photos by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Sheila Stransky locked eyes with a mink along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., A male cardinal gazes at his reflection near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Great blue heron near Seneca Trail at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by Bob Roach), It's National Puppy Day.
These coyote pups are NOT pets, but they ARE cute (at least for now). Trail cameras captured them several years ago in a Summit Metro Parks conservation area., Did You Know? Advocacy group Friends of Metro Parks has a Facebook page., Volunteer Jeff Hill saw this downy woodpecker at Firestone Metro Park. Take a look at yesterday's post of a red-bellied woodpecker to compare the two!, Volunteer Bob Roach spotted this red-bellied woodpecker at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Volunteer Rob Blair: "Two very healthy looking coyotes in the dull morning light. They are always exciting to see, and this mild winter seems to have been very kind to them." (photos taken near Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova estimate that less than 10% of the daffodils have bloomed at Furnace Run Metro Park. Hike Daffodil Trail to watch them blossom., Northern cardinal at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), It's officially spring! Are you as excited as this red-winged blackbird? (photo taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This tree swallow on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail at Manchester Road was looking mighty pretty.", Painted turtle near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Jerry Cannon found these two red-backed salamanders at Hampton Hills Metro Park., It's the first day of spring! However, winter had other ideas., Volunteer Kevin Lanterman took this sunset photo from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail on a windy evening., If you're walking from the parking lot to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, don't miss the cornelian cherry dogwood that is in bloom., We're so excited that our Big Bend Area in Sand Run Metro Park (which offers access to the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail) will be an official stop on Bike Aboard this year!, Volunteer Sharon Stump found a dove nesting along Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Volunteer Tami Hill captured this scenic waterfall along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail earlier this week., Hang on! Spring is almost here. (Photo of red squirrel at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm by volunteer Bob Roach), Stop by the potting exhibit at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm to make a recycled starter pot for seeds. You'll be done in four easy steps!, How many turtles can fit on a log? Volunteer Bob Roach spied some trying to figure it out at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Great blue herons, photographed by volunteer Jeff Hill at the Bath Road Heronry near Hampton Hills Metro Park., This tufted titmouse seems to be a picky eater. Hand-feed the chickadees and see if other birds fly in for a snack at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Have you hiked any trails lately? (photo by volunteer Tami Hill along Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Volunteer Sharon Stump spotted a deer track along Fernwood Trail at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., The early bloomers are starting to bud on the Daffodil Trail at Furnace Run Metro Park! Our park manager said the February Gold variety is at full bloom right now, but that flower accounts for just 5% of the varieties to see. (photos by volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova), Recent sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Park visitor Gena Williams spotted this barred owl from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., Spotted salamander crossing Sand Run Parkway in Sand Run Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sharon Stump), Muskrat, as seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), When sharing images of this colorful species, we're often asked why it's not called a red-headed woodpecker. (That name is already taken.), Painted turtle at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Sheila Stransky snapped this colorful sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park., It's happening again! Join us TONIGHT (3/13) at 8:30 p.m. at the Old Portage Area of Sand Run Metro Park (1300 Portage Path, Akron 44313) to witness the annual salamander migration with a naturalist. Please park at the Old Portage Area and wait for a naturalist to cross the road. Bring a flashlight and dress for the weather. (photos by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova recently spotted a migrating merlin from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Some crocus and coltsfoot wildflowers are blooming along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail. (photos by volunteer Joe Prekop), Two great blue herons at the Bath Road Heronry (near Hampton Hills Metro Park). (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Skunk cabbage is sprouting on Indian Spring Trail in Munroe Falls Metro Park. (photo by volunteer Sharon Stump), Volunteer Sheila Stransky has been taking photos through her crystal ball. She captured these on Alder Trail at Goodyear Heights Metro Park., Volunteer Bob Roach spotted a feathery heron after it landed near Seneca Trail at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Volunteer Kevin Lanterman got some photos from last night's Salamander Migration Program in Sand Run Metro Park! 

If you missed out, there's a possibility -- but no guarantee -- that we may have another. When conditions are right, call 330-865-8060 after 4 p.m. to learn if a program is happening that night., Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova heard the cheerful calls of this robin from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Here's a look at a vibrant sunset from earlier this week, seen from the Tallmadge Meadows Area of Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), IT'S SALAMANDER TIME! Join us tonight (3/10) at 7:30 p.m. at the Old Portage Area of Sand Run Metro Park to witness the annual salamander migration with a naturalist. Please park at the Old Portage Area and wait for a naturalist to cross Portage Path. 
(Jefferson salamander photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Volunteer Bob Roach captured this mallard right after a crash landing at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Pileated woodpecker at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Joe Prekop captured some very "vine" details on the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., null, Last weekend, volunteer Tami Hill spent some time at Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park. Have you been there lately?, It's International Women's Day!

Did You Know? After mating, the female praying mantis will often eat her mate. #GirlPower (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), It's International Women's Day! Here's a look at Girl Scouts planting trees at Hampton Hills Metro Park in 1981. Where are they now?, The Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail is waiting for you. (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Do you think this nuthatch is looking for something or taking a break? (photo by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted this mute swan admiring itself at Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park., Pileated woodpecker, seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I stopped inside the Liberty Park Nature Center (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg) and was greeted by this box turtle. He was out for a walk and soaking up some nice, natural sunshine. You can almost see the smile on his face.", American bald eagle at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Sharon Stump), Volunteer Doug Dawes captured stunning cloud colors at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Earlier this week, volunteer Bob Roach spent the day at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm: "The Coltsfoot blooming made my day. I look forward to seeing it every year.", Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This male wood duck, with colors like that, should have no problems finding a female." (photo taken near Manchester Rd. on Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Did the chipmunk first spot volunteer photographer Bob Roach, or did Bob first spot the chipmunk? (photo taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), The blue heron nests at the Bath Rd. Heronry are starting to fill up. (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Icicles hanging at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Sharon Stump), We're hiring! Help people ENJOY Summit Metro Parks. Click here: http://bit.ly/1Y2nGjY, Volunteer Bob Roach spotted this muskrat swimming at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., American tree sparrow at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Who's ready for summer? We're finalizing Running Spree plans with our friends from the Akron Marathon. The second annual spree begins June 1 ... and it can't come soon enough., Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova said the early (daffodil) bloomers are pushing their way up, and crocuses are blooming at Furnace Run Metro Park!, Volunteer Sheila Stranksy: "This was my first sighting of an American kestrel in the wild. He was kind enough to let me observe him for a bit at Wood Hollow Metro Park.", Volunteer Doug Dawes snapped this American bald eagle flying over the Tinkers Creek Area of Liberty Park in Twinsburg., A scenic view from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Common grackle at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Water rushing at the Mingo bridge in Sand Run Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sharon Stump), Hint: It's not so we can share images of frogs, rabbits and other jumping things every February 29., Enjoy this image of sprouting daffodils (from volunteer Alan Casanova) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our March '16 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, SMILE! February 29 is Leap Day, and you have an "extra" 24 hours to explore your Metro Parks. (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon shared a rare up-close look at a red-shouldered hawk in Wood Hollow Metro Park., Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this turkey in Munroe Falls Metro Park., Red-tailed hawk at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photos by volunteer Jeff Hill), This is the last weekend to save $10 on Mother's Day 5K registration! The prices increases to $30 on March 1. Kids 14 and under are FREE., Aerial shot of the Cuyahoga River in Gorge Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), You may have seen our "touch table" at Liberty Park when it was an "Archaeology Dig" ...but have you explored it as a vernal pool? Come see what's new inside the nature center!, Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova spotted this female cardinal at Firestone Metro Park., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This blue heron was sprucing up his nest before his significant other arrives. He should know by know that she will want things rearranged again." (photo taken at Bath Rd. Heronry), Volunteer Bob Roach: "I was sitting on a bench at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm when this chickadee flew over and landed right over my head!", The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm will open an hour late today (Thursday, 2/25) due to an all-staff meeting. The building will be open from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted kestrels hovering and hunting the field at Wood Hollow Metro Park., Volunteer Rob Blair spotted these two (antler-less) bucks at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I watched as several ring-billed gulls picked holes in the ice and pulled out fish at Silver Creek Metro Park.", Kids 3 to 6 can "chisel" their way to facts about dinosaurs at our Kinderealm program on March 8, at 10:30 a.m. at Liberty Park in Twinsburg! Call 330-865-8065 to register., Black-capped chickadee on a wooded background near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer Jeff Hill: "The red-winged blackbirds are ready for spring -- they're singing up a storm and fighting over territory near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail.", They're BACK! Naturalist Meghan Doran said 25 great blue herons were spotted this past weekend at their nesting site on Bath Rd. 
(photo by volunteer Sharon Stump at the Bath Road Heronry), Starling at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "They were doing the 'Coot Scootin' Boogie' at the Manchester Road Trailhead of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail.", This black-capped chickadee may greet you at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Nuthatch, hangin' around at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Annual clearance time is going on in the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm! Save 50% on a variety of items. Clearance items are non-returnable, cannot combine with other discounts, and cannot be held for future purchase. Quantities are limited., Great blue heron, as seen from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jerry Cannon said our friend at Liberty Park "Could bear-ly see" after the snow a few days ago., Naturalist Joe Malmisur: "The Cervidae family has several things in common. They're herbivores, they have no upper teeth and only a hard palette, chew their 'cud,' and have two toes on each of their hoofed feet. They shed their antlers each year only to re-grow them in the spring. You will recognize members of this family in the Metro Parks as white-tailed deer. Now is the time to look for 'sheds' as you hike our trails." 
(photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), The snow-covered trees made for quite a sight at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), February 29 is the last day to receive discounted entry pricing for the Mother's Day 5K! The annual event is May 8, at 8 a.m. in Munroe Falls Metro Park. Register today for just $20; kids 14 and under a free, but must be registered. (On March 1, registration cost increases to $30.), Red-tailed hawk, as seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), A few snow day scenes from Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), A recent look at the Cuyahoga River, as seen from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail. (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Visitor Brian Wilson snapped this look at the recent snow from Mary Campbell Cave in Gorge Metro Park., Cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Juvenile red-shouldered hawk at Wood Hollow Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Snowy branches at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Snowy scenes from Sand Run Metro Park this morning ..., We've got one last batch of Summit Metro Parks 2016 calendars left! They're FREE to those who can pick them up; available at the administrative offices (975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron) and F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm!, Volunteer Steve Ash: "For those who were wondering if we were going to get any winter, it seems to have come with a vengeance. Some of us love going for hikes in the snow. For those that are worried about cold, just remember what the Norwegians say: 'There is no bad weather, only bad clothes.' This photo was taken on the long boardwalk of the Downy Loop Trail in Wood Hollow Metro Park.", With several inches of snow in the overnight forecast, someone you know may have a snow day Tuesday.

Got any snow day "superstitions" to encourage a day home from school, like wearing your pajamas inside out or throwing ice cubes out the window? Share them with us!

(photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer Sharon Stump said the Weeping Collection at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm looked like a green "Cousin It.", The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is closed most Mondays, but it's OPEN TODAY (02/15/16), 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., for Presidents Day. 330-865-8065, White-breasted nuthatch on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Each February, we celebrate Valentine’s Day as a symbol of love. In honor of the occasion, we asked our naturalists about some of the odd “love” situations found in nature. Read more on our latest blog post:, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This hornet's nest at Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park was in disrepair, but it was interesting to see the inside makeup of the nest.", Naturalist Carmen Levand: "Valentine’s Day is this weekend, and people aren’t the only ones looking for a date. Around this time, bald eagles are taking part in courtship and nesting. Our nation’s symbolic birds will mate for life and come back to the same nest year after year, usually around this occasion."
(photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Volunteer Doug Dawes: "(It was) so cold at Springfield Bog Metro Park the birds were turning blue!", Go 'nuts' and share your favorite SMP valentine with someone toad-ally awesome. <3, Do you have thoughts about the direction of the park district? Make your voice heard as we develop our strategic plan. 

Submit your comments here: bit.ly/SMPSurvey2016, Valentine's Day is coming; share these with all your "ferns.", #TBT 88 years ago, almost to the date, an amusement park (pictured here) existed at Gorge Metro Park., Volunteer Joe Prekop shared this photo of the recent snow at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Winter Sports Update: SLEDDING is open at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, Goodyear Heights Metro Park and Sand Run Metro Park. All other areas closed at this time. Call 330-865-8060 for winter sports updates., Get excited for Valentine's Day and share these with someone "fox-y!" <3, Male cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I watched this kestrel hunt the field at Wood Hollow Metro Park for at least a half hour.", Mourning dove at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Goldenrod at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Each February, we celebrate Valentine’s Day as a symbol of love. In honor of the occasion, we asked our naturalists about some of the odd “love” situations found in nature. Read more on our latest blog post:, Carolina wren at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), American coots near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Kim Ardelian), No snow, but volunteer Bob Roach spotted snowdrops at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., American bald eagle at Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova snapped this red-tailed hawk mid-call on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Here are some views from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail. (photos by volunteer Joe Prekop), Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: "February is the month of love for many of Ohio’s wildlife. Red fox, great horned owls, bald eagles and striped skunks are actively looking for mates or have already found theirs. Both males and females help to raise the young, or at least bring food to the female, except for the skunk. The male skunk has no role in raising the young." 
(Red fox photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), ICYMI: Shady Hollow Pavilion in Sand Run Metro Park is a total loss after a fire Thursday night. Here are some pictures we took this morning.

SMP officials will contact permit holders who planned to use Shady Hollow for upcoming events. Alternate accommodations may be made. Refunds will be available for those who wish to receive them., Sad news: Shady Hollow Pavilion in Sand Run Metro Park is a total loss following a Thursday night fire. The cause of the fire is under investigation.

The rustic, cabin-like facility – built in 1988 – was about 1,300 square feet. It was regularly rented for small gatherings, parties and private events.

Officials will contact permit holders who planned to use Shady Hollow for upcoming events. Alternate accommodations may be made. Refunds will be available for those who wish to receive them.

Dogwood Trail, which passes in front of Shady Hollow’s former front door, will be closed until further notice., Volunteer Tami Hill captured these scenes at Goodyear Heights Metro Park., Male cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Spectacular sightings over Twinsburg, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I saw this bear face on a tree at Liberty Park.", Red-bellied woodpecker at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), An American bald eagle soars over Liberty Park in Twinsburg (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), DON'T MISS OUT!
The early-bird rate for the 5th annual Mother's Day 5K ends 2/29. Ages 15 and older are just $20/person. Ages 14 and under are FREE, but they must register. Details: http://bit.ly/MD5K2016, Volunteer Kim Ardelian spotted this ring-necked duck from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Hooray! Pennsylvania's famous groundhog prognosticator predicted an early spring. Where does this tradition come from?

SMP Naturalist Dave Brumfield: "The tradition of Groundhog Day can be traced back to an ancient European celebration that marked the halfway point between the winter solstice and the spring equinox. German settlers brought with them the custom of associating animal shadows with weather forecasting when they arrived in the United States.", A family enjoys a (rather warm) winter stroll at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Learn how to run with Summit Metro Parks! Registration is now open for our Couch to 5K program. Join us to learn how to begin running in a safe, supportive environment. Registration includes entry to the Mother's Day 5K and an official training T-shirt. Call F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm for more information and to register: 330-865-8065., Volunteer Doug Dawes captioned this photo "Look, Ma! One leg!" (great blue heron photo taken at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South), Enjoy this image (from volunteer Kevin Lanterman) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our February '16 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, Looking for a unique, local gift for someone special this Valentine's Day? There's a lot to love at the F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm gift shop! 
Hours are 10 a.m. to 4:45 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 4:45 p.m. Sunday., Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Sunset over Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Female cardinal at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Mallard in flight over the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Black-capped chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Rob Blair captured a warm winter glow at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Red-bellied woodpecker at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Volunteer Sharon Stump caught these ducks "riding the rapids" at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., Red-tailed hawk "selfie" at Wood Hollow Metro Park 
(photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Black-capped chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Rob Blair: "Despite the very cold air temperatures, the light and the sky at Munroe Falls Metro Park/Tallmadge Meadows looked much more like summer than winter.", Here are a few nighttime views near the Liberty Park nature center, as seen from a recent "Full Moon Hike" program., Naturalist Meghan Doran: "American bald eagles are on the dating scene right now! Eagles will be putting on quite a show while courting. It is not uncommon to see them locking talons and diving through the air. Bald eagles will usually mate for life and they will add on to a nest used in previous years, making them the largest bird’s nests in Ohio!"
(photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted this red-tailed hawk during take-off at Wood Hollow Metro Park., Male cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Good morning from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Don't miss seeing the icicle "Crystal Palace" that forms at Gorge Metro Park!  

Naturalist-led hikes to see the spectacle are scheduled for 2/24 and 2/27! More at summitmetroparks.org. 
(photos by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Volunteer Sharon Stump captured the full moon through the trees at Liberty Park., Volunteer Jerry Cannon captioned this photo "You want a piece of me?!" 

(female cardinal at Firestone Metro Park), Miss seeing blooms in the Metro Parks? There are just 55 more days until spring! 

(daffodil photo by volunteer Bethany Woznicki, Furnace Run Metro Park), Volunteer Sheila Stransky saw this female wood duck from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Red-winged blackbird at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Naturalist Dave Brumfield: "People are often surprised to see an American robin in the middle of winter. Although most head south for the season, some stay in Ohio throughout the year. Those that stay flock together and move to wooded areas where they eat berries and other fruit from shrubs, trees and vines. If you want to see them in your yard next winter, consider adding a native fruit-bearing plant like winterberry or viburnum." 
(photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Dust off those ice skates and practice your moves -- it's a great weekend to visit the Metro Parks! Ice skating is open at Gorge Metro Park, Furnace Run Metro Park and Sand Run Metro Park (Big Bend Area). All other winter sports areas are closed at this time. For winter sports updates, call 330-865-8060., Pileated woodpecker at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Canada goose, seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), A recent look at Liberty Park in Twinsburg (photo by volunteer Sharon Stump), An American bald eagle soars over the Bath Road Heronry, near O'Neil Woods Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Sheila Stransky saw this rusty blackbird at Firestone Metro Park. Want to try to see one for yourself? Come to our 'Rusty Blackbird Bird Walk' at Firestone on Feb. 7 at 1 p.m.!, Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Gadwall duck, seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Doug Dawes watched this great blue heron do a little ice fishing at Munroe Falls Metro Park., DID YOU KNOW? A woodpecker can have a tongue that's longer than its body! And they have very sticky saliva that helps them catch bugs. Kids tried to see how many ants they could catch with a "tongue" at today's Kinderealm program at Liberty Park Nature Center in Twinsburg., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I saw this group of birds at Firestone Metro Park. Looks like a 'bird club' to me!", Volunteer Jeff Hill snapped this wood duck enjoying winter on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Closed most Mondays, the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm will welcome visitors Martin Luther King, Jr. Day (1/18) from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. See you there!, Here's a recent look at the crescent moon, from F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Sharon Stump), Volunteer Tami Hill saw these American coots from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Beginning Monday, January 18, the flat, easy Overlook Trail and its parking lot in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (354 Sackett Ave.) will be closed through April 30.

During this time, a crew will rebuild the Overlook Deck – which sits 125 feet above the Cuyahoga River – and pave with asphalt the crushed limestone parking lot and half-mile loop trail. To help eliminate seasonal washouts near the trailhead, bioswales will be installed to collect rainwater. A drinking fountain and permanent restroom building will be added later. The work may be a temporary inconvenience, but it will improve the visitor experience., Volunteer Sheila Stransky recently spotted the leucistic robin that hangs around near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., Dark-eyed junco at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Sign up NOW for the fifth annual Mother's Day 5K in Munroe Falls Metro Park! Early-bird rate is $20/person, ages 15 and older, through February 29. Ages 14 and under are FREE, but they must be registered. http://bit.ly/MD5K2016, Volunteer Rob Blair: "For just a few incredible moments last night, the sky was the most intense red I may have ever seen at the Tallmadge Meadows Area of Munroe Falls Metro Park. Who said there's no color in the winter?", Female cardinal at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Sheila Stransky observed this robin at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Red-tailed hawk at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Doug Dawes captured this "ice art," as seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Volunteer Tami Hill saw this painted turtle at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Don't worry, this one lives *inside* :), FAVORITES OF 2015: 
Volunteer Bethany Woznicki: "This fall photo was taken on the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail. I especially like it because I looked straight up and noticed how beautiful it was, and it was a reminder to always keep your head up! The second photo was taken during my first visit to Wood Hollow Metro Park. It ended up being the first of many, many trips there which is why it is one of my favorite pictures!" #SMPfavs2015, Brrr! Volunteer Sharon Stump recently shared this wintry view of Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park., FAVORITES OF 2015: 
Volunteer Jack Schifano selected these two shots from F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm as his #SMPfavs2015., Black-capped chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), ALL sled hills currently open! To see the locations, visit bit.ly/SMP-WinterSports

Remember: To check on the status of winter sports in Summit Metro Parks, call our info line at 330-865-8060 or follow us on Twitter @metro_parks, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "These two seemed to be getting along just fine at Firestone Metro Park.", FAVORITES OF 2015: 
Volunteer Sheila Stransky: "Watching this little fox explore his world at Munroe Falls Metro Park was a real privilege. And this leucistic robin was a true beauty and I love the simplicity of this image. I saw her near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail many times over the summer, and each time noticed something different about her lack of coloring." #SMPfavs2015, Registration is OPEN for the fifth annual Mother's Day 5K in Munroe Falls Metro Park! Early-bird rate is $20/person, ages 15 and older, through February 29. Ages 14 and under are FREE, but they must be registered. http://bit.ly/MD5K2016, Great blue heron at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), FAVORITES OF 2015: 
Volunteer Sharon Stump: "This majestic eagle reminds me of freedom, strength and hope. The lotus flower seed pod makes me think of aliens. This one is saying 'Take me to your leader!' Both photos were taken at Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park at different times." #SMPfavs2015, Naturalist Pat Rydquist: "Do you wish you could hibernate away the cold? Bats, groundhogs, deer, mice, bees, woolly bear caterpillars, snakes, turtles, wood frogs and toads go into a deep sleep this time of year. They slow their breathing and lower their body temperature. Skunks, bears and chipmunks are light hibernators, occasionally waking for food or a bathroom trip." 
(chipmunk photo by volunteer Bob Roach), FAVORITES OF 2015: 
Volunteer Joe Prekop: "I chose the fungus picture because I love how bright and beautiful the color was and how it stood out so well in the forest. The sledding picture, taken at Sand Run Metro Park, I chose because I think this is a lot of what Summit Metro Parks is all about -- people getting out in our parks and having fun." #SMPfavs2015, White-throated sparrow at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), FAVORITES OF 2015:
Volunteer Bob Roach: "It's hard to pick two, but I like these -- both taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm." #SMPfavs2015, Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted mink along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. #ThinkMink, Ready to be more "green" and healthy in 2016? Here are Naturalist Becca's tips on how to get started:, FAVORITES OF 2015:
Volunteer Tami Hill: "I really love this shot from F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm because of its great focus and the pine needles surrounding the cardinal. And, Furnace Run Metro Park is one of my favorite Metro Parks. I think I caught a little bit of the peace and beauty that make that park so special to me.", FAVORITES OF 2015: 
Volunteer Jeff Hill: "This Nashville warbler at Firestone Metro Park is special to me because it was one of the birds I have been trying to get a picture of this year. The picture shows everything I love about spring, including flower blossoms and spring birding.
And, I chose this second picture because it captures everything I love about Gorge Metro Park: The contrast between the rocks and the fall color make this on of my all-time favorite pictures." #SMPfavs2015, FAVORITES OF 2015: 
Volunteer Kevin Lanterman: "I have always loved looking at the stars, and am always awed by the Milky Way." #SMPfavs2015 
(photo taken at Silver Creek Metro Park), Volunteer Sheila Stransky spotted a coyote near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., FAVORITES OF 2015: 
Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo: "Springfield Bog Metro Park is such a unique and beautiful park. It seems every few weeks the plants and flowers change, providing something new to look forward to. In mid-July the prairie coneflowers were in bloom and the field was so vibrant!" #SMPfavs2015, Here's an icy throwback: It was -9° the morning of January 7, 2014, when these photos were taken in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. #tbt #throwbackthursday, Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova snapped this peaceful scene from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., FAVORITES OF 2015: 
Volunteer Rob Blair: "This photo brings to mind the amazing sights, sounds and aromas of those vibrant, cool (but not too cool) early summer mornings that happen for a short, but wonderful season at Springfield Bog Metro Park. It's a highlight of every summer for me." #SMPfavs2015, Blossoms in winter at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), FAVORITES OF 2015:
Volunteer Doug Dawes: "The white-throated sparrow (photographed on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail) is such a beautiful, but often overlooked, bird." #SMPfavs2015, Kids at the Nature Stories program today got a special treat – a visit with the resident animals at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. They met a turtle, a toad and a salamander that is native to southern Ohio., A beautiful pair of cardinals at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photos by volunteer Bob Roach), FAVORITES OF 2015: 
Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo: "I never get tired of seeing butterflies, and monarchs are my favorite. So I was so happy to see a monarch in early September at Wood Hollow Metro Park." #SMPfavs2015, 2016 is our 95th anniversary, and this week marks Springfield Bog Metro Park's fifth anniversary. Many visitors have come to love its blooms, birds and bugs.

Perhaps the best compliment we've heard was last year, from an individual who visited in the park's "off season" and said it was a waste of taxpayer dollars. He returned again in late-summer, and was quick to say he couldn't have been more wrong., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I took a walk at Liberty Park ... and was greeted with this beautiful waterfall from the recent rains.", FAVORITES OF 2015:
Volunteer Deb Casanova: "We call this photo (from O'Neil Woods Metro Park) 'The Watcher,' and love it because it sparks your imagination!
The second photo is a juvenile northern flicker. This little guy, demanding food from Mom near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, kept trail users entertained for several moments – a favorite picture because he brought so many smiles to so many people!" #SMPfavs2015, Belted kingfisher, seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Sharon Stump), FAVORITES OF 2015: 
Volunteer Alan Casanova: "We found this perfect ‘shroom at Liberty Park, sitting by itself. We could just imagine a little wood sprite siting underneath! The second photo is the male bluebird, working hard to keep his nestlings fed. It helps you understand how hard it is for these beauties to survive." #SMPfavs2015, Female mallard at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Don't just "kick" your Christmas tree to the curb: Bring it to us, and we'll recycle it to make mulch. Here are six locations you may bring your tree -- cleaned of all decorations and tinsel -- through January 31:

Firestone Metro Park / Little Turtle Pond (2400 Harrington Rd., Akron)

Goodyear Heights Metro Park / Main Entrance (rear parking lot, near the sled hill; 2077 Newton St., Akron)

Furnace Run Metro Park / Brushwood Area (4955 Townsend Rd., Richfield)
 
Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park (5531 S. Main St., Green)

Sand Run Metro Park / Treaty Line Area (995 Treaty Line Rd., Akron)

Silver Creek Metro Park / Big Oak Area (5199 Medina Line Rd., Norton)

Look for the small signs that identify the drop-off locations., FAVORITES OF 2015:
Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "These two pictures (both from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail) made my heart flutter. They might not be photographically perfect, but the subject matter made me excited." #SMPfavs2015, Cedar waxwing, as seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail about a week ago (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), HOLIDAY HOURS: Both the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) and the nature center in Liberty Park (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg) are closed New Year's Day. The facilities will welcome visitors from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday, January 2., Happy New Year! We thank everyone who visited F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm today for our family-friendly NYE program, and everybody who has spent some time in our 16 parks within the last 12 months. We'll see you next year ... 2016 is our 95th anniversary!, FAVORITES OF 2015: 
Volunteer Rob Blair: "For me, this photo of Munroe Falls Metro Park encompasses the feeling of a beautiful autumn walk that could happen along so many of our wonderful trails. For those who pause to look up every once in a while, the rewards are plentiful." #SMPfavs2015, Now available in the F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm Gift Shop: Hand-thrown clay mugs and magnets! Artists make these mugs in Minnesota with clay from mines in Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana. The mugs are $18.95 each and the magnets are $7.95. Please call for hours: 330-865-8065., Black-capped chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), FAVORITES OF 2015: 
Volunteer Kim Ardelian: "This picture was from our first time at Wood Hollow Metro Park and it did not disappoint. The golden yellow leaves were at their peak. Once you entered the woods you were engulfed in brilliant golden yellow beauty. It was truly breathtaking! One of my favorite hikes on the Fall Hiking Spree this year." #SMPfavs2015, From Winter Day Camp this week at Liberty Park: 
Imagine a giant outdoor board game where rocks are the spaces and kids are the game pieces. Roll giant dice to move, and try to land on spaces that represent things that deer need for survival: food, water, shelter and more. The first child to collect all the necessities on their game card won, and got to roll the dice for the next round. 
We'll play again at the NYE Celebration at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm tomorrow, 12/31 at 10 a.m. See you there!, FAVORITES OF 2015: 
Volunteer Kim Ardelian: "This heron at Firestone Metro Park chose the perfect spot for 'reflection,' no pun intended. He must be a regular and comfortable with people because he remained in that general area for a good 15 minutes allowing me to photograph him from several different angles." #SMPfavs2015, Volunteer Doug Dawes captured this recent sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park., FAVORITES OF 2015:
Volunteer Steve Ash: "This spring peeper photo was taken at Wood Hollow Metro Park in June. I was surprised when I noticed a dark spot on a raspberry leaf. The frog's head moved to carefully watch me as I tried to get close enough for a photo." #SMPfavs2015, We may not have snow (yet), but we're still collecting and "recycling" Christmas trees to make mulch. Here are six locations you may bring yours -- cleaned of all decorations and tinsel -- through January 31:

Firestone Metro Park / Little Turtle Pond (2400 Harrington Rd., Akron)

Goodyear Heights Metro Park / Main Entrance (rear parking lot, near the sled hill; 2077 Newton St., Akron)

Furnace Run Metro Park / Brushwood Area (4955 Townsend Rd., Richfield)
 
Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park (5531 S. Main St., Green)

Sand Run Metro Park / Treaty Line Area (995 Treaty Line Rd., Akron)

Silver Creek Metro Park / Big Oak Area (5199 Medina Line Rd., Norton)

Look for the small signs that identify the drop-off locations., It's time to look back on 2015 through the eyes of our volunteer photographers, who have submitted their "PHOTOGRAPHER FAVS OF 2015!" Look for #SMPfavs2015 posts now through January. 

Volunteer Steve Ash: "This photo shows a foggy morning sunrise at Wood Hollow Metro Park in early October. I was looking for insects and flowers that might have been covered with dew when I noticed that the sunrise was creating a beautiful colored light as it worked through the low fog.", Naturalist Sarah Putnam: "Muskrats and beavers and river otters – Oh, my! Which of these animals is living at Seneca Pond at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm? It's a muskrat, and it has been enjoying the cattails around the pond. Cattails can be made into a shelter (like a beaver lodge) or used as food by this creature.", Enjoy this image (from volunteer Robert George) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our January '16 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, The 10th annual Burning River Endurance Run & Relay offers 100- and 50-mile options traveling through Northeast Ohio, including several areas we manage. Participants can crowd-fund to support Summit Metro Parks!

Click for details:, Close-up of a mink near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Who remembers the "snow rollers" of 2014? 
(snow roller photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon at Liberty Park), Black-capped chickadee at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Eastern bluebird near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Season's Greetings! 

(Cardinal photo by volunteer Rob Blair at Munroe Falls Metro Park), White-throated sparrow at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), HOLIDAY HOURS: Both the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) and the nature center in Liberty Park (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg) will close at 3 p.m. Thursday, 12/24 and remain closed until 10 a.m. Saturday, 12/26., You can hand-feed the birds at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed an abstract scene from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova, at Firestone Metro Park: "We believe she is giving him the 'Mom Stare,' saying, 'Chew with your mouth closed!' ", Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: "Have you looked outside and thought, 'Ugh, there’s just not much to look at?' No flowers or leaves and even the animals seem to be hiding during these colder days. On your next hike, try looking for lichens and moss, which continue to be beautiful even during the cold winter months. Both can be found in any of our parks.", White-tailed deer on Cherry Lane Trail at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Sharon Stump), The winter solstice marks the shortest day of the year and the first day of winter.

Do you wish our current winter looked like this, or have you enjoyed warmer temps and limited snow?, Muskrat, seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Happy Monday! Caption this photo: 

(River otter photograph by volunteer Sheila Stransky, on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Volunteer Bob Roach said this yarrow was a bright spot in the Herb Garden at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., A female cardinal poses at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Tufted titmouse at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), A dark-eyed junco enjoys a meal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), The Manchester Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail is a great place to watch waterfowl. (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Doug Dawes saw this red-shouldered hawk near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., Black-capped chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Even in December, the trails are still inviting. Remember, your Summit Metro Parks are open 365 days a year! 
(photo by volunteer Tami Hill at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Red morph screech owl at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Kim Ardelian), Carolina wren on Redwing Trail at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Chickadee winding up for take-off at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Rob Blair snapped this mink "on thin ice" near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Though there wasn't any snow, kids colored snowflakes and listened to stories about snow and hibernation at Liberty Park in Twinsburg. Call 330-865-8065 to join us for the next FREE Animal Tales program, this Friday 12/18 at 10:30 a.m.!, Is our local environment healthy? Summit County Public Health wants your opinion. You could win a prize by taking this survey., What do mussels tell us about the health of the Cuyahoga River? Check out what Summit Metro Parks biologists have to say following a recent mussel survey:, The Tuba-Fours, an all-volunteer group of tuba players (and a subset of our Metro Parks Ensemble), will perform about an hour of live music – including some seasonal holiday songs – TONIGHT, December 15 at 7 p.m., at Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park (40 Axline Ave., Akron). FREE!, Belted kingfisher, seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), VISITORS CENTER CLOSURE: The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is closed Tuesday, December 15, for scheduled floor maintenance. The building will reopen Wednesday at 10 a.m.

Regular hours for the visitors center are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday., Are you concerned about water quality? Summit County Public Health wants to hear from you! Take this survey about improving the health of our local environment, and you could win a prize., "Peek-a-boo" 
(photo by volunteer Jeff Hill at Goodyear Heights Metro Park), Bert Szabo, who is interviewed for this story, is a living legend. A year older than the park district itself (Summit Metro Parks will turn 95 next year), Bert was our very first naturalist and helped develop the Fall Hiking Spree in the 1960s., Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted this mink from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., A pileated woodpecker hard at work at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), River otter with a fish 
(photo by volunteer Doug Dawes from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), The 10th annual Burning River Endurance Run & Relay offers 100- and 50-mile options traveling through Northeast Ohio, including several areas we manage. Participants can crowd-fund to support Summit Metro Parks!

Click for details:, Cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Dark-eyed junco at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), 12/12/15: A section of the Towpath Trail, just south of the Botzum Trailhead, will be closed for FirstEnergy pole repair work Saturday., Red-bellied woodpecker at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), American tree sparrow at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), White-breasted nuthatch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), NINETY-NINE COATS! Our employees and volunteers collected 99 coats this week for Project RISE, a collaborative effort of Akron Public Schools and local shelters to help local children and youth experiencing homelessness.

Lean more and get involved here:
http://site.akronschools.com/group/programs/Project+RISE, Tufted titmouse at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), A look at Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park through the recent fog (photo by volunteer Sharon Stump), A river otter catches a snack (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon, from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Close-up of a downy woodpecker hard at work near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), House finch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), HAVE YOU SEEN ME? 
Summit Metro Parks biologists are asking for your help in monitoring our bobwhite quail populations. If you're in (or near!) Springfield Bog Metro Park or Silver Creek Metro Park this winter, listen and look for bobwhite quail. If you see or hear one or more, please email mperdicas@summitmetroparks.org and include the date, time and location of the sighting., Former Summit Metro Parks Director Keith D. Shy receives 2015 Lifetime Achievement Award from Ohio Parks and Recreation Association!, VISITORS CENTER CLOSURE: The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is closed Tuesday, December 8, due to an all-staff gathering. The building will reopen Wednesday at 10 a.m.

Regular hours for the visitors center are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday., We're all familiar with #ThrowbackThursday - but how about #TongueOutTuesday ? (River otter photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Naturalist Meghan Doran: "Being respectful of wildlife is extremely important during the winter months. Many birds and mammals have to work very hard to find food and stay warm as the temperature drops at night. Some animals even breed and have young during the winter. If you take one step too close, you may flush the animal out of its hiding place. Please be mindful of them and stay on trails as you enjoy your trip to the Metro Parks." 
(Pileated woodpecker photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), See downy woodpeckers from Downy Loop Trail at Wood Hollow Metro Park!, Tufted titmouse at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), A scenic look at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Volunteer Sharon Stump saw this sparkling scene at Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park., Red-bellied woodpecker, proving why it deserves the "red belly" part of its name (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes, from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), White-breasted nuthatch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova said this blue jay was showing off its "blue power suit" near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Volunteer Rob Blair: "This red-tailed hawk pic was taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. I guess it was posing as an 'angry Christmas Tree topper.' ", Naturalist Dave Brumfield: "There is something fascinating about owls, though they’re seldom spotted in the wild. With winter approaching, this is a great time of the year to search for these beautiful and mysterious birds. Besides our resident owls (great horned, eastern screech and barred), short-eared, long-eared, snowy and northern saw-whet owls often venture down from Canada to spend the winter with us. Early morning and dusk are good times to search for them. Even if you don’t see them, you can sometimes hear them calling. Want to know more about owls? Join us on Friday, December 11 at 7 p.m. at Silver Creek Metro Park." 
(Long-eared owl photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Eastern gray squirrel at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Doug Dawes calls this photo "Kingfisher's Catch" (photo taken from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Joe Prekop: "I shot this from the High Level Bridge looking east over Gorge Metro Park.", Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova: "Between the 'tap, tap tap' of the hairy woodpecker and the 'Chick a dee dee dee' calls of the chickadee, it got pretty noisy out on the Firestone Metro Park boardwalk!", American robin, seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Downy woodpecker at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Doug Dawes saw the last bit of fall color at Munroe Falls Metro Park on Thanksgiving Day., Goldfinch in flight at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Naturalist Becca Zak: "Did you know that doors and windows account for up to a whopping 35% of a home’s heat loss? Be more sustainable, save money, and keep warmer this winter by making your very own 'draft snake.' First, grab an old pair of stockings and cut to desired length. Next, tie off one end and fill with dried beans, rice or other insulating material, then tie off the other end. Place flush against your draftiest door or window and feel the difference!, Volunteer Sharon Stump spotted an American bald eagle at Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park., Enjoy this image (from volunteer Debbie DiCarlo) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our December '15 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, Volunteer Tami Hill captured the sunlit mist above the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Colorful lake sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Joe Prekop spotted a vine-wrapped tree along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Red-bellied woodpecker at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Red-tailed hawk at Wood Hollow Metro Park in Hudson (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Time to work off that turkey! It's the last weekend to complete the Fall Hiking Spree. The 52nd annual event ends November 30., #TBT turkeys at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova), HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
Turkeys can be found in each of the Metro Parks, but ours aren't like the ones you're eating with gravy. Learn more wild turkey facts and impress your relatives:, Meadow Trail at the Tallmadge Meadows Area of Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), THANKSGIVING HOURS: The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) and the nature center at Liberty Park (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg) will be closed Thanksgiving Day. Both buildings will reopen Friday at 10 a.m. 

The park district's administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park (975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron) will be closed Thursday and Friday., The 10th annual Burning River Endurance Run & Relay offers 100- and 50-mile options traveling through Northeast Ohio, including several areas we manage. Participants can crowd-fund to support Summit Metro Parks!

Click for details:, Blue jay at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I saw this 'duck angel' land in the midst of these mallards near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail.", Female cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Mink, as seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Blue jay, as seen from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Red squirrel near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), The Sand Run Metro Park Jogging Trail from N. Revere Rd. to Sand Run Rd. will be closed Monday, November 23 through Wednesday, November 25 due to equipment on the trail associated with improvements being made to Sand Run Parkway., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This mallard made a perfect landing at the Manchester Road area of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail.", Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Canada geese, seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Colorful sunrise over the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), These turtles opted to come out to enjoy the mild weather (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon, from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova saw this red-shouldered hawk trying to maintain its balance during recent wind gusts on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Volunteer Joe Prekop photographed a peaceful, quiet morning at Munroe Falls Metro Park., #TBT to peak fall color at Firestone Metro Park! (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), null, Cedar waxwings at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Jeff Hill snapped this sunrise from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., Red-tailed hawk, as seen from the Overlook Deck at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), The coyote kids listened to Naturalist "Miss Pat" Rydquist as she read a suspenseful story at a recent Kinderealm program. The 3- to 6-year-olds made coyote masks, tracked through F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm and practiced their howling after learning all about coyotes. Look for upcoming Kinderealm programs on our website!, Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Red-shouldered hawk, seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Cardinal at Wood Hollow Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), "Mid-flight" leaf at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), null, Volunteer Doug Dawes calls this photo "High Energy Flock." (photo taken from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), Downy woodpecker at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jeff Hill photographed this hooded merganser near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Recent sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Sheila Stransky calls this photo "Misty Flight" (taken from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), YOUR PUBLIC DOLLARS AT WORK: Have you wondered what is going on at Alder Pond in Goodyear Heights Metro Park? We're bringing the pond closer to its original form by dredging the south shoreline to increase depth and improve fishing habitat. The existing seawall along the south side of the pond will be removed after dredging, and the shore lined with large rocks., There's still time to finish the Fall Hiking Spree! Hike your final trails before November 30 to earn rewards., Don't forget: 15% at the F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm Gift Shop this weekend (11/13-15)!, Ginko leaves and honeysuckle berries at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photos by volunteer Joe Prekop), Bluebird at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This frost-covered leaf at Hampton Hills Metro Park reminded me of a shark.", Throwback Thursday: Images of Goodyear Heights Metro Park in Akron, 1950 #tbt #throwbackthursday, Female red-winged blackbird at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Female mallard, as seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Happy Veterans Day! 

Visitor Appreciation Weekend starts this Friday at the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. A 15% discount and free gift packaging is available Friday, 11/13 through Sunday, 11/15. 
On Friday only, the first 50 military service veterans receive free “Made in the USA” giveaways, and light refreshments will be available from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m., while supplies last!, Veterans Day hours: The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (330-865-8065) and the nature center in Liberty Park (330-487-0493) are both open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. The park district's administrative offices (330-867-5511) are closed for the holiday., Fall scene at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Bee on a bloom (in November!) at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted a late-season praying mantis at Liberty Park., Duck on the lake at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), null, Naturalist Sarah Putnam: "Black bears are moving back into many parts of Ohio. As these furry creatures return, we must remember to bring food in at night: things like pet food, trash, and even bird feeders. Here at the Liberty Park Nature Center (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg), we have new feeders that are raised out of the reach of bear paws at night.", Pied-billed grebe near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), A look at the barn at O'Neil Woods Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jeff Hill snapped this Carolina wren near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., The pine-needle-blanketed Pheasant Run Trail at Silver Creek Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), Cardinal at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Doug Dawes snapped this house finch enjoying a "fruity snack" at Firestone Metro Park., Looking for something FREE and FUN to do INDOORS this fall? Explore the "new" Liberty Park Nature Center (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg). It opened in May, and more exhibits just arrived this past week. 

Hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. Call for more info: 330-487-0493., Two mallards enjoying F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photos by volunteer Bob Roach), November color at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), A recent look at the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Volunteer Rob Blair: "The colors on these leaf abstracts (taken at Munroe Falls Metro Park) look surreal, but they're the real deal!", Downy woodpecker at Wood Hollow Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted this red-winged blackbird at Firestone Metro Park., A recent fall scene at Silver Creek Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), A look at the Cuyahoga River, as seen from Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Tim Hite), You can still see fall color at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Robert George), Female cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Starting today (11/3), outdoor drinking fountains throughout the park district will be turned off until spring 2016., Naturalist Alexandra Patterson: "As the temperature drops, our backyard birds work hard to prepare for winter. They eat lots of seeds, nuts and fruit in order to build up a layer of fat that will act as insulation, keeping the birds warm during our coldest season.", Sunset on a blue sky at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), A recent look at Wood Hollow Metro Park in Hudson (photo by volunteer Kim Ardelian), null, Late-fall color at O'Neil Woods Metro Park in Bath (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Cedar waxwing surrounded by fall color at Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Sheila Stransky said she saw a lot of squirrels at Firestone Metro Park "packing on the pounds" in preparation for winter., A look back to last week's peak color at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Happy OWL-oween!

Did You Know? Summit Metro Parks biologists collect owl pellets and dissect them to identify the prey that was consumed. This year a barred owl pellet, collected at Silver Creek Metro Park, contained a star-nosed mole, which is a species of conservation concern in Ohio. Thanks to a barred owl, we recorded an important "sighting!" (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Bob Roach: "You know fall is here when you see dark-eyed juncos." (photo taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Happy OWL-oween!

The great horned owl has special facial feathers that are similar to a radar dish, directing sounds to the ears. This feature allows the great horned owl to hear even the smallest sound (like a mouse squeaking) up to 900 feet away! (photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Fall frog at Liberty Park in Twinsburg (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), They say "closed." We say "still open."

It's a new route for a 1-mile section of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, and much better than a stop/turnaround point just north of downtown., A chipmunk, enjoying Seneca Trail at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova), Volunteer Kevin Lanterman recently caught a great look at the Milky Way at Silver Creek Metro Park., Happy OWL-oween! 

Owl watching tip: Eastern screech owls are one of the smallest owls in the Metro Parks, are secretive and are seldom seen or heard. This owl avoids areas where larger owls are active – likely due to competition – but also predation. Larger owls will prey on screech owls! So if you are going out to call for owls make sure you start with the smallest species you want to detect and work up to larger species to avoid scaring the small ones away.
(photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Jerry Cannon recently spotted this American bald eagle sitting in an osprey nest at Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park., Volunteer Steve Ash: This photo was taken right off of the boardwalk at Wood Hollow Metro Park. The shapes and colors are a testament to the many varieties of trees that grow there.", Fall beauty at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photos by volunteer Joe Prekop), Here's a recent look at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Indian Spring and Beaver Pond at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photos by volunteer Rob Blair), You've probably noticed the statues along what we call the Portage Path in Summit County. Here's how and why they came to be:, null, Great blue heron, as seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Enjoy this image (from volunteer Rob Blair) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our November '15 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, Good morning from the Parcours Trail at Sand Run Metro Park (photo by volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova), Volunteer Robert George shared this photo of the moon, as seen from F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Volunteer Jerry Cannon found this giant leopard moth caterpillar at Liberty Park. It will turn into a black and white spotted moth with a wingspan of about 3 inches., Red squirrel at O'Neil Woods Metro Park (photo by volunteer Kim Ardelian), Fall color at Liberty Park in Twinsburg (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is a BUSY place today. Fall Hiking Spree shield assistance was from 1 to 3 p.m. Sunshine, fall colors and great trails can be enjoyed throughout the afternoon ..., Warning: Gorge Metro Park may have too much fall beauty for some to handle (photos by volunteers Jeff and Tami Hill), Visitor Brian Wilson recently captured this image of morning fog above Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., Geese on Alder Pond at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: "Fall is a perfect time to get out and enjoy waterfowl. Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park, the Tinkers Creek Area of Liberty Park and the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail at Summit Lake are all great spots to check for migrating birds. Be on the lookout for blue-winged teal, gadwall and grebes." 
(Red-necked grebe photo by volunteer Bob Roach), A frosty but colorful sunrise scene at Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Autumn leaves and sun at Furnace Run Metro Park in Richfield (photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), This is THE weekend for peak fall color. Go out and EXPLORE, check out one of our programs or take part in the Fall Hiking Spree:, null, null, Downy woodpecker, as seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jeff Hill found this silver-spotted skipper caterpillar along the Metro Parks Freedom Trail., Eastern comma at Cascade Valley Metro Park / North (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Green heron near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), The Indian Signal Tree at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Robert Vaughn), If you haven't already, check out the Parcours Trail at Sand Run Metro Park - it's part of the Fall Hiking Spree! (photos by volunteer Robert George), null, Fog over the valley, as seen from Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Fall color at Wood Hollow Metro Park in Hudson (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Kevin Lanterman captured this beautiful fall scene at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Fall color frames the view from Oxbow Trail at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), The Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail from Boston Mills Rd. south to the new tunnel at Route 8, including the Route 303 parking lot is now OPEN., Pops of red fall color at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Volunteer Jerry Cannon said these cormorants at Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park appeared to have an island of their own!, Male and female mallards at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photos by volunteer Bob Roach), Brilliant red maple leaves at Furnace Run Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer Kevin Lanterman snapped this photo of the moon, planets and a star aligned over Munroe Falls Metro Park. Can you name all four, from top to bottom, ending with the moon? HINT: the dot on the top edge is a star, not a planet. 

Later, we'll post the answer photo in the comments., Enjoy fall color on a hike or drive through Sand Run Metro Park (photos by volunteer Robert George), Autumn at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photos by volunteer Sheila Stransky), It's definitely fall in Northeast Ohio, and it's amazing. Earlier this week, volunteer Rob Vaughn captured these images of our current, colorful season in O'Neil Woods Metro Park (2550 Martin Rd., Bath)., The trails are calling! Bundle up and head out to enjoy the fall color during the Fall Hiking Spree: hikingspree.summitmetroparks.org 

(photo by volunteer Jeff Hill at O'Neil Woods Metro Park), Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted frost at Springfield Bog Metro Park., Sunshine behind the Indian Signal Tree at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), October looks nice on Echo Pond at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Naturalist Meghan Doran: "One of the most beautiful leaves in autumn is that of Virginia creeper, a native vine that can easily grow in your back yard. Don’t be fooled, however, it is not the same as poison ivy as it has five leaves instead of three. Many species of wildlife depend on both of these plants for food during the fall and winter months. Look for this bright red hand-shaped vine along roadsides, the Metro Parks and your neighborhood.", Our Community Upcycling Art Quilts are a part of the inaugural Mutton Hill Quilt Show (Oct. 17-18), sponsored by the Summit County Historical Society. Check it out:, As seen from Chippewa Trail at Silver Creek Metro Park (photo by volunteer Kim Ardelian), Dog Owners: Here's an example of the importance of leash laws, sent in by a visitor and volunteer. She is OK, and said the dog appeared friendly after the incident, but PLEASE remember to keep your dogs on a leash no longer than 8 feet.

"I had an unleashed dog charge at me (this week in Sand Run Metro Park), jump up and nip my hand, and chase after me, running into the back of my legs and knocking them out from beneath me. I went down on my back and gently hit my head on the ground. More startling and scary than anything. I really wish people would leash their dogs.", A former Summit County resident who now lives in New Zealand returned to the Metro Parks this year to complete the Fall Hiking Spree for a special reason. Check out her story:, null, null, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I found this marbled orbweaver at Liberty Park. He fits in well with the fall scene.", Peak fall color is coming! Here's a look at Sand Run Metro Park (photos by volunteer Robert George), Priceless memories are made each day in the Metro Parks, but some are life-changing. Congratulations to Matthew and Brandi who recently got engaged at Springfield Bog Metro Park!, Fall colors against a blue sky at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), CYCLISTS: This Thursday, 10/15/15, is the LAST DAY to get your 2015 Summer Biking Spree rewards! Stop by the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) or the admin offices in Sand Run Metro Park (975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron). Call for hours, details: 330-865-8065., YOUR PUBLIC DOLLARS AT WORK: Many thanks to the visitors, volunteers and sponsors who made this year's Fall Family Outings successful. This past Saturday in Silver Creek Metro Park, thousands enjoyed free hayrides, cider, live music and more. (photos by volunteer Rob Vaughn), RUNNERS: This Thursday, 10/15/15, is the LAST DAY to get your 2015 Metro Parks Running Spree medal! Stop by the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) or the admin offices in Sand Run Metro Park (975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron). Call for hours, details: 330-865-8065., We have FREE straw in Silver Creek Metro Park in Norton! Beginning this afternoon (10/12/15), crews put loose straw in the main lot. It is available on a first-come, first-served basis. The straw is fine for animal bedding, yard work, etc. When it's gone, it's gone., null, null, The chickadees at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm love taking seed from visitors' hands. (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), null, null, Naturalist Dave Brumfield: "Can woolly bear caterpillars predict winter weather? Not really, but it makes for an interesting tale. 

The best-known woolly bear is called the banded woolly bear. It is black at both ends and rusty-brown in the middle. According to folklore, the wider the rusty-brown band, the milder the coming winter will be. If the middle brown band is narrow, and the caterpillar is more black than brown, it is going to be a harsh winter. 

Actually, the band length has more to do with the caterpillar’s age than with weather. But don’t let that stop you from observing the woolly bear this fall. Who knows, its 'prediction' may be right!", Volunteer Rob Blair said this photo has been flipped upside down so that the refraction of the sunrise could be viewed right side up. (dew drops on web photo taken near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), A peek at the Cuyahoga River, from the Glens Trail at Gorge Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Volunteer Deb Casanova: "I spotted this praying mantis 'hiking' across the trail at Liberty Park before it paused to take a good look at (my husband) Alan.", Volunteer Jerry Cannon came across a northern slimy salamander at Liberty Park., Rocks at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), A beautiful cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Sunrise over Gorge Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova found the "perfect mushroom" at Liberty Park in Twinsburg., Volunteer Sheila Stransky spotted a palm warbler at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Volunteer Doug Dawes snapped this great blue heron near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail right as it caught its next meal: a young muskrat., Here's a nice guide to viewing fall color in the Metro Parks:, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This little gray tree frog at Liberty Park just ate some kind of bug. You can still see the wing in its mouth.", The barn at Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Saturday!, Wood duck pair near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Our website, summitmetroparks.org, may be down for several hours tonight after 10 for scheduled maintenance. We apologize for the inconvenience., Alan and Deb Casanova said fall colors are on the way at Silver Creek Metro Park!, null, null, null, A few turkeys enjoying Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Recent sunset as seen from Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Anglers: The following areas have been stocked for fall fishing with larger channel catfish, bass and bluegill ...

* Brushwood Lake in Furnace Run Metro Park (4955 Townsend Rd., Richfield)
* Little Turtle Pond, for ages 15 and younger, in Firestone Metro Park (2400 Harrington Rd., Akron)
* Wood Hollow Pond in Wood Hollow Metro Park (2121 Barlow Rd., Hudson)

Photo by volunteer Rob Blair, Here are a few scenes from a beautiful fall day at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photos by volunteer Robert George), Volunteer Jerry Cannon said this chipmunk at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm stuffed its cheeks until it couldn't fit anything else., "TRASH TALK: Every year, 2.3 million tons of Styrofoam ends up in our landfills. It can stay there for up to ONE MILLION YEARS. And, Styrofoam never decomposes; it photodegrades, or breaks down into smaller and smaller pieces. Do your part! If you’re planning on dining out, bring your own container in which to take your leftovers. Learn about this and other sustainability tips at our "Small Footprint" program, Thursday, October 8 from 6:30 - 8 p.m. at Liberty Park Nature Center." - Naturalist Becca Zak, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This sunflower at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm had a bee resting in its 'right eye.' ", Spotted spreadwing damselfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), This looks cozy. Stop by the Nature Center in Liberty Park (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg) to warm up. The building is open until 5 p.m. today (10/03/15). Sunday's hours are noon to 5 p.m. Call 330-487-0493 for more information., A doe peeps through goldenrod at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Take a closer look at the start of fall in the Metro Parks! (photos by volunteer Robert George), The morning sun highlights the Virginia creeper along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer Jerry Cannon shot this sun-reflecting dew drop at Springfield Bog Metro Park., Chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Bobwhite quail at sunrise in Silver Creek Metro Park, Volunteer Sheila Stransky spotted this Cooper's hawk at Cascade Valley Metro Park / North., Volunteer Jerry Cannon said this bee was resting in an aster flower at Springfield Bog Metro Park., Spider web on teasel at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Still some bright flowers at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova), Asters are in bloom at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. The plant from Akron Children's Hospital (in recognition of its 125th anniversary) is easily the largest., The end of September means the Fall Family Outings are near. The first one is in Goodyear Heights Metro Park. We thank Acme Fresh Market for its support., Enjoy this image on your PC, Mac and more. Download our October '15 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, Mallard portrait at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Here are a few different looks at last night's supermoon/blood moon eclipse., Recent sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), There's art in nature, if you look for it. 
Volunteer Joe Prekop shared this teasel photo from Munroe Falls Metro Park., A lunar eclipse and "blood moon" are coming. Here's a look at a 2014 blood moon (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), A comfy looking frog at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon found these two red-backed salamanders at Liberty Park., GOOD LUCK to everyone running the Akron Marathon today! You'll know who in the race is from Summit Metro Parks when you see us in these awesome shirts. #DreamBlue #RunAkron, Fall wildflowers at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova shared this unique photo from O'Neil Woods Metro Park – does anyone else see the "face" in the tree?, Volunteer Sheila Stransky noticed the male deer are beginning to sprout antlers (photo taken from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), This grasshopper is the centerpiece of beautiful colors at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), A contractor for Summit Metro Parks is paving the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail from Boston Mills Rd. south to the new tunnel at Route 8. This section of trail (including the Route 303 parking lot) is CLOSED for approx. two weeks while this work is completed., Volunteer Jerry Cannon said this ruby meadowhawk was drying off before flying away at Springfield Bog Metro Park., Here's a look at a recent sunrise at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Clouded sulphur at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Hear from Executive Director Lisa King as she begins in her new role, It's the first day of autumn! Bring on the crisp air and fall color., Sparrow in fog at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Tami Hill spotted this groundhog at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., We're partnering with Akron General Health System to present 'Healthy Strides Hikes.' During the Fall Hiking Spree, join us on casual 1- to 3-mile walks, preceded by a brief, informative talk by Akron General physicians and caregivers. Join us on our next FREE hike this Thursday, September 24, at 6 p.m. at Munroe Falls Metro Park!

(Pictured L to R: Mayor of Norton Mike Zita, former State Representative Lynn Slaby, State Representative Marilyn Slaby and Summit Metro Parks Commissioner Mark Spisak, at the kick-off of the program on 9/19.), Look closely: There's something catching a ride on this heron's wing! (photo by volunteer Bob Roach near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Volunteer Jerry Cannon captured "Nature's Bouquet" in this photo at Firestone Metro Park., Black and yellow argiope at Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Munroe Falls Metro Park: one of the best places to watch the sun rise and set. (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Your Public Dollars at Work: In recent weeks our crews built a small overlook in Springfield Bog Metro Park, giving visitors a better view of what we call the "baby bog." It's really a pond, but we can dream. Perhaps one day it will rival the park's real bogs.

See it for yourself, at 1400 Portage Line Rd., Springfield Twp., Volunteer Jerry Cannon said these milkweed bugs at Liberty Park looked like they were playing football and someone fumbled the ball., The monarchs are migrating, and made a stop at Liberty Park (photos by volunteer Doug Dawes), Green heron at Furnace Run Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), A few scenes from F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photos by volunteer Jack Schifano), Painted lady butterfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Your Public Dollars at Work: In recent weeks our crews built a small overlook in Springfield Bog Metro Park, giving visitors a view of Young's Bogs. An informational sign is in process.

See the bogs for yourself, at 1400 Portage Line Rd., Springfield Twp., Volunteer Joe Prekop found this beautiful aster at Hampton Hills Metro Park., This spider web covered in dew made for a beautiful piece of art at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Who needs a laugh today?, Duck potato flower at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Volunteer Sheila Stransky snapped this immature male scarlet tanager at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Love the Fall Hiking Spree? You don't want to miss this former Summit County resident's heartwarming account of time spent with family completing the spree during the 1960s., Eastern black rat snake at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Steve Ash), A fawn enjoys the sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Before the fall really color starts, enjoy late-season blooms at Wood Hollow Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Come see nature first-hand at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), null, null, Black swallowtail at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Eastern screech owl at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), null, Volunteer Steve Ash: "These spiders are the very common black and yellow garden spiders. This photo, taken at Wood Hollow Metro Park, shows the size difference between the males and females. The females are much larger. This male is on a separate web quite a bit in front of the female – he is likely protecting his mate from other suiters.", American goldfinch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Bee on sedum at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Barn swallow at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), A magical look at the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, near the Beaver Marsh in CVNP (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), CUTENESS ALERT: Baby snapping turtle at Wood Hollow Metro Park (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Eclipse male mallard at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Teasels in the sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), The Knight Foundation deadline is Monday, 9/14. We've submitted four projects, all inspired by nature., We wouldn't call Sand Run Parkway a "country road," but it IS a beautiful drive in Akron., Monarch butterfly at Wood Hollow Metro Park (photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Red-tailed hawk at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Milk snake, keeping cool on the rocks at O'Neil Woods Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Song sparrow in the fog at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Misty sunrise with teasels in the foreground at Wood Hollow Metro Park (photo by volunteer Steve Ash), Volunteer Jeff Hill found fall-colored blooms at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Bright, cheery scenes from Munroe Falls Metro Park (photos by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Naturalist Alexandra Patterson: "Goldenrod blooms in late summer and early fall. By outlasting other wildflowers, it’s an important and beloved source of nectar for bees and migrating butterflies like monarchs. This flower is a favorite of visitors, and it can be found in almost every one of our Metro Parks!", null, Frog at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), The Ledges Trail is calling! (photo by volunteer Tami Hill at Liberty Park), Grasshopper at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Although closed most Mondays, the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm will welcome guests on Labor Day (9/7) from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. See you there!, Ah, to be young again. Here's a juvenile cedar waxwing near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Great blue heron at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Labor Day weekend: A great time to complete a Fall Hiking Spree hike with family and friends., Volunteer Jerry Cannon captured two different stages of the monarch life cycle in one photograph. Within an hour of this picture being taken, the butterfly emerged., Female hummingbird at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), A Cascade Valley Metro Park / South sunrise, as seen from the Overlook Deck (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Check out the BEAUTIFUL view at Furnace Run Metro Park in Richfield, photographed by volunteer Tami Hill, The Board of Park Commissioners for Summit Metro Parks has named Lisa King executive director of the park district!

An employee of Summit Metro Parks since 1998, King previously served as the park district’s chief of planning and development. King is a graduate of The Ohio State University, a state-registered landscape architect, a champion of sustainable design, and a certified parks and recreation professional through the National Recreation and Park Association., Volunteer Sheila Stransky snapped cedar waxwings in mid-flight near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., Columbine plant at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jack Schifano), Volunteer Rob Blair caught "the whole family" together at Munroe Falls Metro Park., A spider with a nice spot to call home at Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Caption this photo: 

(photo by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Monarch at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), The Fall Hiking Spree is here! Now through November 30, hike eight or more trails to earn rewards. Details:, null, A walkway lined with plants, swaying in the breeze, greets visitors heading toward the new nature center at Liberty Park (photos by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Naturalist Becca Zak: "Did you know that, in three months, Americans throw away enough aluminum to duplicate the entire U.S. commercial air fleet? That's plain crazy...and wasteful! On Thursday, September 3 at 6:30 p.m., join us at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm for the start of a program series centered on sustainability. Start by taking an inventory of your waste, discuss ways to reduce that waste and venture into the world of using less. Future program topics include; single-use, power saving, re-purposing, and good eats, among others.", Killdeer near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Enjoy this image (from volunteer Joe Prekop) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our September '15 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, This green heron *may* have a "case of the Mondays" (photo by volunteer Bob Roach on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Volunteer Rob Blair snapped this great blue heron at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Enjoy what's in bloom at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm! (photos by volunteer Tami Hill), Volunteer Jerry Cannon said this snail looked comfy, nestled within a plant at Liberty Park in Twinsburg., Juvenile wood duck near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Ruby-throated hummingbird at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Lake sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), This Sunday (8/30): Get a HEAD START on the Fall Hiking Spree, which begins September 1. From noon to 3 p.m., come hike Ledges Trail at Liberty Park in Twinsburg for spree credit, and visit with our mascots and naturalists!, Frog at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Monarch or viceroy butterfly? Volunteer Jerry Cannon shared one photo of each. If you look close, the viceroy has a black line bisecting each hind wing., This weekend: Finish your last bike rides or trail runs - the Summer Biking Spree and Metro Parks Running Spree end August 31! Details at summitmetroparks.org., Volunteer Sheila Stransky spotted this recently-fledged osprey near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, Viceroy butterfly at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Sunrise at the Overlook Deck at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Clouded sulphur at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I found these caddisfly larvae homes under a rock at Liberty Park. They make these little homes out of small stones.", Volunteer Doug Dawes said these contrasting looks at the green heron make it look like it could be two different birds. (photo taken from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), null, Tall coreopsis at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Indigo bunting at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Eastern tailed blue at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Tallmadge Meadows in the afternoon at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), "Is it safe to come out?"
Volunteer Jerry Cannon saw these longtail salamanders at Liberty Park contemplating an exit., Volunteer Sheila Stransky: "This male American goldfinch knew right where the female goldfinch was tucked in. Do you see her?" (photo taken from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), Eastern amberwing at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), The history (and mystery) of the Indian Signal Tree in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South is on the blog:, Congratulations and thank you to Chris, Nicole and their sons. The Barberton family won $1,000 this week in the "Summer of Your Life" contest from Columbus-based Donatos Pizza.

Chris had his name randomly selected from more than 30,000 online, in-store and text entries. Winners can choose a local organization to receive a matching donation of $1,000, and Chris chose Summit Metro Parks! He said his family enjoys the trails and he is thrilled to be able to give back., Volunteer Jerry Cannon caught a peep of this spring peeper on a fern at Liberty Park in Twinsburg., Ruby-throated hummingbird at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Perhaps the only thing more awesome: Winning $1,000 for Summit Metro Parks via an all-you-can-eat pizza contest., Volunteer Doug Dawes called this shot from Hampton Hills Metro Park "Natural Engineering", A bee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Naturalist Meghan Doran: "Did you know that some dragonflies migrate just like birds? On any given day or evening this month, you may witness swarms of dragonflies over fields. These prehistoric insects are looking for food before they fly to south for the winter. Goodyear Heights Metro Park, Liberty Park, and Munroe Falls Metro Park are great places to search for these migrants." (green darner photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), One big and one little turtle at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Another look at a recent sunset over Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Monarch at Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Leopard frog at Wood Hollow Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This black rat snake at Liberty Park looked like he recently shed his skin and was now keeping watch over his territory.", null, Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova spotted this HUGE cicada at Liberty Park in Twinsburg., Join us TONIGHT at the Nature Realm., Monarch on ironweed at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Aerial perspective of a frog at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Today was supposed to be the last day of lake swimming in two parks. Regrettably, Silver Creek Metro Park's BEACH IS CLOSED due to a large algae bloom. Visitors are being referred to Munroe Falls Metro Park (521 S. River Rd., Munroe Falls), which is open until 8 p.m., Naturalist Dave Brumfield: "Have you ever wondered how the eastern tiger swallowtail got its name? This common butterfly is called 'eastern' because it is found throughout the Eastern U.S. And, 'tiger' refers to the four black stripes found on the forewings.  The last part of the name comes from the 'tails' on the back edge of its hind wing, which resemble the forked tails of swallows.", American rubyspot at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Alan and Deb Casanova recently helped our biologists observe snakes at Liberty Park. This northern water snake was about a foot long., 2015 Fall Hiking Spree forms are now available! Learn more and see this year's trails on our NEW spree site:, Volunteer Sheila Stransky photographed this juvenile red-tailed hawk from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, Grasshopper at Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), This is the LAST weekend of 2015 to enjoy lake swimming in Munroe Falls Metro Park and Silver Creek Metro Park. Both swim areas are open daily, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m., through Sunday. An admission fee or season pass is required to enter the Lake Area (and Indian Spring Trail) at Munroe Falls and the beach at Silver Creek.

Daily admission is $4 for adults and teens (ages 13 and older), $3 for children (ages 2 to 12), cash or check only. Kids under 2 are admitted free., Volunteer Rob Blair: "Springfield Bog Metro Park is past its peak, but there are still lots of colors, especially when the sky cooperates like this!", Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed these caterpillars at Silver Creek Metro Park in Norton., Our smallest park, Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park (5779 Riverview Rd., Peninsula), is big on history. Here's a look back at quarry operations (pre-1917) and more ... #tbt #ThrowbackThursday, If you look closely, you can see a couple of slugs "heading to the watering hole" at Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Looking for company on your long run? Join us for an 11-mile Towpath run, led by staff from the Akron Marathon. Plus, Panera will be there with bagels to help refuel!, TONIGHT (8/12): Join Naturalist Dave Brumfield to witness the Perseid meteor shower, one of nature’s best shows in the sky. Meet at 9 p.m. at the Bathhouse at Silver Creek Metro Park, and bring a flashlight and chairs or blankets. 
(photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Indigo bunting at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), A robin, keeping an eye on the insect condo at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), null, TONIGHT (pending clear skies), John Shulan of the Summit County Astronomy Club will set up his solar telescope for a view of the sun (pictured) from 7 to 8 p.m., near the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, 1828 Smith Rd., Akron. At 8:30, join us indoors for a 45-minute "Astronomy Night" presentation, followed by telescopes set up outside from 9:30 to 11. If it's cloudy, we'll only offer the indoor program., null, null, Volunteer Jerry Cannon said this luna moth at Silver Creek Metro Park posed for pictures before flying away into the dark., Leopard frog at Liberty Park (photo by volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova), Volunteer Sheila Stransky: "This indigo bunting at Munroe Falls Metro Park was all puffed up, and had just landed after an in-flight tussle with the another male.", Cedar waxwing at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), A chipmunk poses at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Tiger swallowtail at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), A few recent scenes at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photos by volunteer Robert George), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "A flash mob of spring azures showed up at the Tinkers Creek Area of Liberty Park while I was there.", Volunteer Doug Dawes calls this photo "Cuckoo's Catch." (taken at Munroe Falls Metro Park), The "dragons" of Springfield Bog Metro Park (photos by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), We took a few visitors on a pilot program last night to view thousands of purple martins swarming to roost in the reeds at Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park in Green. Thanks to the Ohio Department of Natural Resources for the equipment., Downy woodpecker at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Volunteer Jerry Cannon snapped these flowers, backlit by the sun, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Great spangled fritillary at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), There's so much to love about Gorge Metro Park. Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova shared these highlights., Learn more about the acrobatic insect-eaters that southern Summit County residents know and love:, Volunteer Rob Blair: "This merged exposure was captured at Munroe Falls Metro Park, facing the south, where the remaining light from the sun was still illuminating the tall storm clouds in the distance. I could have stood there for hours. Truly incredible.", Toad enjoying the weather at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), "Check out the pollen sac on this bee's rear leg - it's pretty full." - Volunteer Jerry Cannon at Liberty Park, Monarch at Springfield Bog Metro Park, null, Viceroy butterfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Kingbird at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), TOMORROW (8/4), join us for a Group Run on the Towpath Trail in Akron! The weather is looking great. See you there., Volunteer Jerry Cannon snapped this "mystery picture" at Liberty Park. 
Can you guess what it is?, A recent sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Make like this turtle and SWIM! 
Visit Munroe Falls Metro Park or Silver Creek Metro Park and enjoy lake swimming in its final weeks (swim season ends August 16).
(photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Doug Dawes caught this spicebush swallowtail having a "cool drink" at Munroe Falls Metro Park, Volunteer Steve Ash snapped this bumble bee drinking nectar at Wood Hollow Metro Park, "I see you!"
An overhead view of a green darner at the Tinkers Creek Area of Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), There's still time to catch Springfield Bog Metro Park in bloom. (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Namaste! 
This Sunday (8/2) at 2 p.m., kids ages 6 to 10 can enjoy FREE yoga with a naturalist and yoga instructor at Liberty Park in Twinsburg. Wanna come? Call us at 330-865-8065 and join the fun., Bee balm, as seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Red-spotted purple butterfly hiding at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Many osprey call Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park home, including this one photographed by volunteer Rob Vaughn., Eastern tiger swallowtail at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Throwback Thursday: picnicking and walking in Firestone Metro Park, 1963 #tbt, Foggy meadow sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), The night sky, as seen from F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Robert George), Our friends from lululemon athletica Akron will be leading a pre-run yoga flow to help you warm up for the trail. Bring your yoga mat!, Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted this great golden digger wasp at the Tinkers Creek Area of Liberty Park in Twinsburg., Good morning from Munroe Falls Metro Park! (Song sparrow photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Spicebush swallowtail at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), "Red Tail, Blue Sky" and "Cacophony of Color": two recent images from volunteer photographer Doug Dawes, shot from Munroe Falls Metro Park, null, "More tiger swallowtails are showing up at Tallmadge Meadows" in Munroe Falls Metro Park. - Volunteer Sheila Stransky, We LOVE this green heron photo from volunteer Doug Dawes, taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Caption it for us., THE FAMILY THAT RUNS TOGETHER ... Congrats to Phil, Jenny, Nicholas and Tyler, who finished the Metro Parks Running Spree today and claimed their spree medals. The family visited several parks for the first time during the three-month event, and they were very impressed with the cleanliness of our parks. The spree continues through 8/31. http://runningspree.summitmetroparks.org, Enjoy this image (from volunteer Jeff Piccoult) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our August '15 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, Any one of these photos from volunteer Joe Prekop, shot on recent adventures in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South and on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, could be featured on a postcard for Summit County. Bet the rest of the country would take notice, right?, Have you noticed honeybees working hard to collect nectar? Honeybees process nectar into honey because they need a food to survive Ohio's cold winters. Beekeepers can take advantage of this amazing process to bring us a tasty selection of natural honeys. We found these locally produced selections: wildflower honey (light color), blueberry (medium color) and buckthistle (dark color). - Naturalist Sarah Putnam, YOUR PUBLIC DOLLARS AT WORK: 
New shelter at Wood Hollow Metro Park! It won't be long before you can enjoy a picnic at our new park in Hudson. (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), BUTTERFLY IDENTIFICATION: Can you tell the difference?

The female eastern tiger swallowtail has more orange on its hindwings than the spicebush swallowtail, and tiger females aren't always black. Sometimes they are yellow.

The spicebush variety is usually located around wooded areas near its namesake, the spicebush.

Finally, the black swallowtail is smaller than both, and it doesn't have as much blue on its hindwings as the spicebush. You can see the black swallowtail now in Springfield Bog Metro Park. They're everywhere! -Naturalist Meghan Doran, Summit Metro Parks offers FOUR sprees throughout the year. Keep the dates straight with this guide: 
http://us3.campaign-archive2.com/?u=302e379075a4595cf8ffc722f&id=4c48c3569b&e=14804e2dc9, Volunteer Rob Blair gave the Tallmadge Meadows Area of  Munroe Falls Metro Park a lavender glow., FASCINATING FOSSIL: "This crinoid stem base was found during our 'Fossils for Kids' program in Furnace Run Metro Park earlier this month. Related to starfish, crinoids are echinoderms, meaning they exhibit radial symmetry and usually have appendages, or arms, occurring in multiples of five. Look closely at the center of the stem where a tiny star shape can be seen." - Naturalist Alexandra Patterson, Catbird at Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), It's the perfect weekend to RIDE! The Summer Biking Spree is now through August 31. Have fun and earn rewards:, A turtle balances on a log near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Cedar waxwing at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), We spotted this arachnid architect at work Thursday morning in Sand Run Metro Park., Inspired by the Metro Parks Running Spree? Here's the inspiration for our ribbon: it's an indigo bunting, photographed by volunteer Rob Blair. 

Click to learn about the spree: http://runningspree.summitmetroparks.org, We're on to something., Volunteer Rob Blair saw this peaceful pair near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, #tbt to this green scene at Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by Kimberley Ardelian), Ever wonder what the dot is in the center of Queen Anne's lace blooms? Volunteer Jerry Cannon shot this close-up at Liberty Park to find out!, This immature yellow-billed cuckoo doesn't have its yellow bill yet. (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky at Munroe Falls Metro Park), Enjoy flipping through our Summer 2015 edition of Green Islands Magazine http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Publications/GreenIslands.aspx, Volunteer Bob Roach: "The great blue heron said, 'How do you like these feathers?' " (photo taken near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Red-headed woodpecker at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Volunteer Robert George caught this "flash of nature" against the sky at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Volunteer Tami Hill: "For three years I've been looking for snails in the Metro Parks. We saw hundreds from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Clinton.", A gray tree frog is happy to be hanging out at Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Rob Blair snapped this upcoming photographer at Springfield Bog Metro Park, Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: "Nature Realm staff planted garlic last October, and this week we were able to see the fruits of our labor when we harvested our first garlic crops. Four hard-necked varieties were grown (music, Russian red, German white and German red) and will be used at naturalist-led cooking programs throughout the year. We will also save some of the heads to plant this October.", Crab spider at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted a muskrat at the Tinkers Creek Area of Liberty Park., What do Central Park in NYC and your Summit Metro Parks have in common? 

Find out on July 21, at 1 p.m. at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, when first-person interpreter Gerry Wright tells the story of Fredrick Law Olmsted, founder of the nation's first landscape architecture business. His portrayal will include information about his sons, John and Fredrick Law, Jr. who in 1925 laid the blueprint for our park district. Call 330-865-8065 for more info on this FREE program., The Ledges Trail at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Purple coneflower bloom at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Come to our next Running Spree Group Run at Silver Creek Metro Park!  #SMPspree, Common yellowthroat feeding its young a hearty meal at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Eastern kingbird near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Great spangled fritillary at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This beautiful milk snake was at  Liberty Park. He looked like he had just shed his skin; his colors were really vivid.", A look at the Prairie Trail at Springfield Bog Metro Park -- or as volunteer Rob Blair calls it, "the field of dreams.", Two pollinators hard at work at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Rabbit at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Sheila Stransky snapped these "beauties in flight" at Munroe Falls Metro Park, Tonight's "Music by the Lake" concert in Silver Creek Metro Park has been cancelled due to weather. If conditions allow, free swimming will still be honored after 5. http://bit.ly/1UZCGij, A few months of the year, Springfield Bog Metro Park may look underwhelming. But now, with prairie blooms impressing current visitors, here's another good excuse to visit: It's on this Top 10 list., A frog blends in at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), A red admiral butterfly enjoys the blooms at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Before Furnace Run Metro Park and Sand Run Metro Park (1929), and Gorge Metro Park and Goodyear Heights Metro Park (1930), there was Courtney Park. 

Look for the commemorative boulder the next time you're stopped at the intersection of Merriman and Portage Path in Akron., A crab spider hides on a daisy at Wood Hollow Metro Park (photo by volunteer Steve Ash), A stunning Canada lily at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Silver-spotted skipper at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Tiger swallowtail at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This katydid looked to be admiring his view from on top of this flower at the Tinkers Creek Area of Liberty Park.", Indigo bunting at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), If you haven't hiked the Ledges Trail at Liberty Park, you're missing out. (photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Monarch, "king of the butterflies," at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon snapped this immature green heron at the new Nimisila Reservoir Metro Park., Don't get "ticked off." Read our blog about how to handle tick encounters:, Volunteer Deb Casanova: "Several hikers and participants of the Summer Biking Spree enjoyed the antics of these cuties near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail at Big Bend.", A spring peeper rests on a raspberry leaf at Wood Hollow Metro Park (photo by volunteer Steve Ash), Beaded dragonfly at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Some of the blooms at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photos by volunteer Tami Hill), Volunteer Rob Blair: "Springfield Bog Metro Park is just getting into its full summer colors; there will probably another month or so of fantastic sights to see.", Great spangled fritillary at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Robert George), Yellow-billed cuckoo at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), A beautiful morning scene at the Tallmadge Meadows Area of Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), TONIGHT (7/7): Join us at Liberty Park for a Running Spree group run! We will still have the run if it rains, but will cancel if there are thunderstorms. For updates on the event status, call 330-865-8060 or follow us on Twitter: @metro_parks, BEST LOCAL HIKE: In the July issue of Akronlife Magazine, readers name Gorge Metro Park, the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail and Sand Run Metro Park the top three places to hike in Summit County. Which Summit Metro Park trail is YOUR favorite?, Volunteer Jerry Cannon saw this "flash mob" of pearl crescents at Springfield Bog Metro Park, Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this coyote at Munroe Falls Metro Park. Our research shows coyotes frequently use rail and other corridors as travel routes to easily get from one place to another, and to avoid humans., A bright water lily at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Recent sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Blue dasher at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Steve Ash), Belted kingfisher at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Red, white and blue in the Metro Parks!, Happy Fourth of July! All 16 of our parks, along with the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm and the new nature center at Liberty Park, are open for regular hours. (photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Goldfinch at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "When I first saw this frog at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, I thought he had teeth. Then I realized it was just his markings.", Summit Metro Parks Naturalist Meghan Doran was a special guest at Let's Grow Akron's Harvest of Hope Children's Community Garden program. She shared information about "beneficial bugs" with the kids., Great spangled fritillary at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Our 16th park! The agreement with ODNR puts us over the 14,000-acre mark and gives us a presence in Green., Join us at Liberty Park in Twinsburg for our next Group Run, led by staff from the Akron Marathon. As a bonus, we'll enjoy pre-run yoga with lululemon athletica Akron Showroom! Be sure to read the event description for details., Volunteer Joe Prekop photographed some of the "greens" you can see from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, A warm sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted this hummingbird clearwing moth near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, Jog, walk or ride the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail! (photos by volunteer Robert George), It's here! The Summer Biking Spree is now through August 31. Ride five sections of our multipurpose trails (The Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail or Metro Parks Freedom Trail) to earn rewards., Brown thrasher at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Tonight's Random Act of Music concert (6/30 at 7 p.m. in Clinton) has been CANCELLED due to the weather., null, Cabbage white butterfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), The beautiful Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, near the Big Bend (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Tomorrow (6/30) is the LAST DAY of Spree For All, our annual event on flat, easy trails. Complete your last hike and get ready to turn in your form to receive your reward. Completed forms will be accepted until August 15. 
Here's this year's Spree For All pin design:, Make plans to join us to celebrate Springfield Bog Metro Park, Enjoy this image (from volunteer Bob Roach) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our July '15 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, Good morning from Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This picture is a yucca blossom with four yucca moths inside. Both the yucca plant and the yucca moth are dependent on each other for survival." (photo taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Wood duck family at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Cedar waxwings share a meal at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Indigo bunting at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Naturalist Dave Brumfield: "While most of us are sleeping, moths are just beginning their ‘day.’ As a result, we often miss these beautiful creatures of the night. Although not as popular as butterflies, moths are just as striking. One look at the black-waved flannel moth (pictured) was enough to get me hooked on moths! 

Its amazing shape, pattern and colors opened my eyes to the hidden beauty of moths, and this is only one of over three thousand species found in Ohio! Don’t just take my word for it, join us at one of our evening moth programs to see for yourself.", Eastern amberwing at Wood Hollow Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), A turtle catches some sun at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), This great blue heron caught a catfish dinner at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Rose-breasted grosbeak at the Tallmadge Meadows Area of Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), A recent sunset over Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Red-headed woodpecker at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Cedar waxwing at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Robert George calls this series at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm "Housekeeping.", Shades of yellow at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photos by volunteer Doug Dawes), Great spangled fritillary at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Today (6/23), the Metro Parks Freedom Trail's new HAWK cross walk was activated at Brittain Rd. This video explains what it means for motorists and trail users: 
http://amatsplanning.org/hawk-walk/, Wood ducks along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photos by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Volunteer Kimberley Ardelian caught a glimpse of wood thrush and cowbirds through the trees at Sand Run Metro Park, Volunteer Kevin Lanterman captured a magical, firefly-lit scene at Munroe Falls Metro Park, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This female blue dasher at Liberty Park was doing a move called 'obelisking,' which is when they raise their tail end up in the air. The technique is used to cool themselves on a hot day.", Red admiral at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Robert George created this photo collage of the different scenes you'll see in a day at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Volunteer Doug Dawes calls this photo "Lover's Quarrel" (at Wood Hollow Metro Park), Volunteer Rob Vaughn said one female blackbird was feeding the other near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This butterfly is known as a comma. In the picture where it is closed you can see the comma symbol on his wing. I found this guy at the Tinkers Creek Area of Liberty Park.", Hooded warbler at Sand Run Metro Park (photo by volunteer Kimberley Ardelian), Naturalist Becca Zak: "Right at home in Liberty Park and the surrounding wetlands, snapping, painted and spotted turtles are frequently seen crossing busy roadways, like State Route 82. Turtles cross roads to find food, water or simply get to the other side. This time of year, females bearing eggs will cross these risky roads in search of suitable nesting areas.  Next time you’re driving through a wetlands habitat, be on the lookout for our slow-moving neighbors and give turtles a 'BRAKE!' ", A great blue heron stops for a drink near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Planning a park visit today? Please check our alerts page first, since last night's storms have caused a few closures: http://bit.ly/SMP-alerts, Naturalist Pat Rydquist: 
"Yellow-billed cuckoos are nesting at Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park!
This voracious insect and caterpillar eater is jay-sized with a long, curved beak that is dark on the top and yellow on the lower mandible. Its long tail has big white spots on the underside. It sings a song that says it’s name, 'ku… ku…ku…ku,' and is usually heard before it’s seen." (photo courtesy of the Audubon Society), It seems like a bee at Liberty Park caught a beetle...but according to Naturalist Mike Greene, the "bee" in this picture is actually a robber fly that is mimicking a bee. The fly lays in wait on a plant until an unsuspecting insect comes within reach and then pounces on it. 
(photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Doug Dawes snapped this hawk enjoying a snack at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, An update on our Mountain Bike Trail in Hampton Hills Metro Park, Common yellowthroat at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), A cheerful look at lake swimming in the Metro Parks (photo by volunteer Tim Hite at Munroe Falls Metro Park), Our ledges display in the brand-new Liberty Park Nature Center (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg) is taking shape! Installers had a spectator Monday.

Regular hours for the nature center are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. For details, call 330-487-0493., Goldfinches at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), This frog prince is cheering for the KING tonight #ALLINCle #GoCavs (photo by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Tonight we're giving away FREE mud! Dress for a potentially muddy running adventure led by staff from the Akron Marathon and wear your Wine & Gold in celebration of Game 6 of the NBA Finals #ALLINCle #GoCavs, Dragonfly peek-a-boo at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Leucistic robin near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), A red-bellied woodpecker glows at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Robert George, Join us tomorrow at 6:30 p.m. for another Running Spree group run at Firestone Metro Park. Wear your Wine & Gold and go #ALLinCLE! Don't worry - you'll be done with your run well before the start of Game 6., The wingspan and close-up of a great blue heron (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Turkey vulture at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), "Dragon and damsel" at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photos by volunteer Bob Roach), Do YOU enjoy Spree For All's flat, easy trails? Tell us why, and you could be in next year's spree ads! (Individuals/groups must be available for a photo shoot before 6/30.), Female Baltimore oriole at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Volunteer Rob Blair: "I would consider right now to be the peak time for bird variety at the Tallmadge Meadows Area of Munroe Falls Metro Park. With the addition of the bobolinks and the yelllow-breasted chat (new this year), this relatively new park is quickly becoming one of the best spots in the area for bird watching.", Have you been to the new Liberty Park Nature Center (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg)? Don't overlook the new flat, easy and paved .25-mile Maple Loop Trail for visitors of all abilities., Volunteer Doug Dawes said the sky looked "patriotic" over the Metro Parks Freedom Trail., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "While doing a bat survey at O'Neil Woods Metro Park, this moth landed on the net and proceeded to lay a very large number of eggs.", Take your pick! Enjoy FREE lake swimming Saturday (6/13) in Munroe Falls Metro Park and Silver Creek Metro Park.

Regular daily admission is $4 for adults and teens (ages 13 and older), $3 for children (ages 2 to 12). Kids under 2 are admitted free. At Silver Creek, aquatic footwear is recommended., Runners: Trade traffic for trails this summer! The Akron Marathon's race director Brian Polen shares trail running tips - just in time for the new Metro Parks Running Spree., Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova: 
"Got a sore throat from cheering for the Cavs? This eastern towhee's call is echoing LeBron's advice: 'Drink Your Tea!'"

(photo taken from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail near the Mustill Store ...and very close to St. Vincent-St. Mary High) #ALLinCLE, It took about 12 months to build, but you can watch the new Liberty Park Nature Center (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg) take shape in 1:35., We're offering FREE “conditioned” straw bales for backyard gardening. The bales – which were previously bagged and used last winter to insulate the roof of the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm – can be used in place of containers. When the straw inside a bale begins to decay, it provides a great environment for plant roots with just a little added compost or potting soil. Straw can also be used to mulch around veggies planted in the ground.

Bales will be available for pickup in the parking lot at the Nature Realm several times each week. They may be taken on a first-come, first-served basis. 

For information about straw-bale gardening, search Google and YouTube for images, how-to videos and more., Happy 60th anniversary to the Akron Community Foundation! 

We celebrated this morning at the Indian Signal Tree in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. Did You Know? The Signal Tree is the Foundation's logo. #ACF60, Twelve-spotted skimmer at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Here are a few of the beautiful things to see at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photos by volunteer Doug Dawes), We're ALL IN for another win. #CLE #Cavs #ALLinCLE #NBA #NBAFinals, null, Song sparrow at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), From the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, volunteer Robert George spotted a leucistic snapping turtle (pictured on the right). Leucism causes a lack of pigment and occurs in less than 1% of snapping turtles, according to Summit Metro Parks biologist Ramsey Langford., Here's what Spree For All means to clients of United Disability Services, Akron, Ohio.

What does Spree For All mean to YOU?, Join us for our second Group Run with the Akron Marathon, and wear wine and gold. #ALLinCLE, Tell us what you love about Spree For All's flat, easy trails for all abilities, and you could be in next year's spree ads! Write marketing@summitmetroparks.org, and be sure to include your contact information. Availability for a photo shoot next week (daytime OR evening) is a must., Blue dasher at the Tinkers Creek State Nature Preserve Area of Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Baby robins enjoying meal time along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova said the baby herons have grown and barely fit in their nests at the Bath Road Heronry near Hampton Hills Metro Park., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "We were doing a bat survey at O'Neil Woods Metro Park and, just before dark, the sky caught fire.", Volunteer Doug Dawes caught a glimpse of several wild turkey poults at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Wood duck family near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Make plans to join our Open House weekend (6/6 - 6/7) to celebrate the recent opening of the new nature center at Liberty Park in Twinsburg. We have many free, fun programs and activities planned, PLUS some exciting raffle prizes. Check our Upcoming Events tab for details., Indigo bunting at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photos by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Snail at O'Neil Woods Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), We're ALL IN.

#CLE #Cavs #ALLinCLE #NBA #NBAFinals, null, null, Volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova: "We think they were talking about the Cavs...'We are ALL IN!' " (photo taken near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Volunteer Doug Dawes calls this series (from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail) "The Joys of Parenthood: Robin Style.", Volunteer Bob Roach snapped this cardinal near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, In honor of National Running Day, check out our new Metro Parks Running Spree video!, We're celebrating the recent opening of the Liberty Park Nature Center (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg) with a weekend FULL of programs and activities!

On Saturday (6/6) we'll raffle off several items that have been generously donated by Appalachian Outfitters, Eddie Bauer and Goodell Family Farm. There's also a handmade basket crafted by Naturalist Renell Roebuck and filled with Made in the U.S.A. items from the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. To enter the raffle, complete five on-site activities between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. Call 330-487-0493 for details., It's National Running Day! Where do you run? We have 15 parks and 125 miles of trails from which to choose., Tonight! Join SMP and staff from the Akron Marathon Rubber City Race Series at Goodyear Heights Metro Park. It's National Running Day. Go out and RUN! #SMPspree, We have water! Weekend rain helped fill the fishing pond in Hudson's new Wood Hollow Metro Park, at 2121 Barlow Rd. The park opened two weeks ago. Have you visited?, null, null, Naturalist Renell Roebuck: "Ta-wit ta-wit ta-wit tee-yo, a hooded warbler recently serenaded 'Archery Games for Seniors' participants at the Hampton Hills Metro Park archery range." (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Join us from 6:30 to 8 p.m. in Goodyear Heights Metro Park, at 2077 Newton St., Akron! #SMPspree, Volunteer Doug Dawes: "This school of minnows was moving in unison with a bass in hot pursuit at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm.", Volunteer Kevin Lanterman shared these photos from Furnace Run Metro Park, Train or run for fun with the new Metro Parks Running Spree! 
Now through August 31 run six designated trails to earn a wooden race medal., Yellow warbler along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Yellow-breasted chat at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photos by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Pearl crescent on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), BLOG: Each year, we ask our friends at UDS ( United Disability Services, Akron, Ohio) to put some of our trails to the test. More about their Spree For All experience and our partnership:, Baltimore oriole at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), While checking on the herons at the Bath Road Heronry near Hampton Hills Metro Park, volunteer Robert George spotted these turtle eggs., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "While waiting for Mom to return, these blue heron babies were practicing flapping their wings and watching for her to return." (photos taken at the Bath Road Heronry near Hampton Hills Metro Park), Beautiful daisy fleabane along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Friday marks the last day in the office for Keith D. Shy, our director-secretary for the last 17 years. The park district has DOUBLED in size since 1998, when Keith was promoted to his current position, yet your taxes remain low. Now, after 33 years with Summit Metro Parks and more than 40 years in public service, we wish him a much-deserved congrats and thank you., American redstart at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), After five years of searching, volunteer Doug Dawes snapped these pictures of an otter near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Enjoy this image (from volunteer Rob Blair) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our June '15 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, Volunteer Jeff Hill calls this shot "Canada goose field trip" (photo taken on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Yellow warbler at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Volunteer Tim Hite said this killdeer enjoyed the opening weekend of swim season at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Join us for a group run to Celebrate National Running Day on June 3rd! We'll be kicking off the start of the Metro Parks Running Spree and training for the Rubber City Race Series with a run through Goodyear Heights Metro Park. Plus, the Akron Marathon will be giving away some AWESOME gear to keep you training in style. #TellAFriend #SMPspree, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This red-winged blackbird struck a pretty pose while I was on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail.", Frog at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), This hairy woodpecker found some "grub for lunch" at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova), Common whitetail dragonfly at Wood Hollow Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Kingbird, as seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Wild turkey at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm will welcome visitors Memorial Day, 5/25, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Mom and baby herons at the Bath Road Heronry near Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Rob Blair: "For the first time since I've been visiting the Tallmadge Meadows of Munroe Falls Metro Park (which is A LOT of times) I finally came across some bobolinks!", Memorial Day Weekend is the perfect time to hike or picnic in the Metro Parks!, Red-winged blackbird at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), We're seeing BLUE at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Come see what colors you can find! (photos by volunteer Doug Dawes), Swim season is here! Today through August 16, enjoy lake swimming at Munroe Falls Metro Park and Silver Creek Metro Park. More details below., Volunteer Joe Prekop: "These images reflect what you’ll see in bloom right now in the Metro Parks.", Here's a look at the ribbon cutting ceremony at Liberty Park. We dedicated the new nature center on Thursday, May 21. Come check it out!, Naturalist Sarah Putnam: "Turtles on the move! 
Slow and steady, female snapping turtles will be on the move to find a safe place to lay eggs. You may encounter these moms moving across roads or see them in places you would not think to see a turtle. If disturbed, they will defend themselves with powerful jaws that are capable to do great damage. The best thing to do is leave them be, they know where they want to go.", Volunteers Jeff and Tami Hill shared just a few of the beautiful scenes you can find on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, Employees from Jo-Ann Fabric and Craft Stores: We can't thank them enough. They've come out three times this month to help establish our new mountain bike trail in Hampton Hills Metro Park, and each time they brought a check for $500. Their fourth (and final) volunteer day is Friday. A big round of applause ..., The Liberty Park Nature Center (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg) opens this morning at 11., Common yellowthroat at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Here's a peak at a leucistic (without color pigment) robin on its nest near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photos by volunteer Doug Dawes), Our 15th Metro Park is open! Here are a few images from Tuesday's ceremony at Wood Hollow Metro Park, 2121 Barlow Rd., Hudson., Green heron near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This is a male five-lined skink, and his head has turned this color because it is breeding season." (photographed near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Ruby-throated hummingbird at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), null, The last Akron Children's Hospital flower was installed Monday: at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm! We're proud to host this New England aster in celebration of the hospital's 125th year. See it near the Nature Realm's welcome kiosk, at 1828 Smith Rd., Akron, and look for additional sculptures throughout Greater Akron., Our 15th park (and first in Hudson) opens this morning at 11, and we couldn't ask for a prettier day for a new Metro Park!, Field sparrow at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Cyclists: Have no fear, bike repair stations are near! 
Crews this month installed bike repair stations in three Metro Parks locations: The Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail's Memorial Parkway Trailhead; the Wilbeth Road Trailhead and the State Route 303 parking lot of the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail. The “Fixit” repair stations feature tools to fix a flat tire, adjust brakes and more., BLOG: Explore two new park areas this week!, null, null, Yellow-rumped warbler at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Yellow warbler at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), GET EXCITED! Wood Hollow Metro Park opens Tuesday, 5/19. The 1.2-mile Downy Loop Trail was named for the woodpeckers that live in the "wood hollows" found in the park (photo by volunteer Steve Ash), Ruby-throated hummingbird along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Jerry Cannon said he felt proud to be an American when he saw this bald eagle land near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Frog at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Indigo bunting at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Last night we hosted a volunteer preview of the Liberty Park Nature Center. It will open Thursday, May 21 following a brief dedication at 11 a.m. After that, regular hours for the new building (at 9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg) will be 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday., Song sparrow along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: "Tis the season for babies! Remember that if you see a baby animal, and no parent, that does not mean they are abandoned. Eastern cottontail rabbits and white-tailed deer leave their young alone during the day to protect them from predators. As baby birds practice flying they are often found on the ground, looking helpless, but the parents are never far and will continue to care for them. When in doubt it is best to leave babies alone. For more information, call 330-865-8065 to speak with a naturalist.", Many thanks to the high school honor students from Green Local Schools - Green, Ohio who volunteered by spreading mulch last week at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Park manager Laura said: "We love working with this group and look forward to doing it again next year!", Butterfly season is here! Volunteer Jerry Cannon snapped this red admiral at Liberty Park., Our friends from the Cuyahoga Falls Library forwarded these images earlier this week. They depict the building of the 57-feet high, 429-feet wide Ohio Edison dam in Gorge Metro Park., A BIG thanks to employees from Jo-Ann Fabric and Craft Stores. Seven of them volunteered Tuesday and helped cut in a section of our in-progress mountain bike trail in Hampton Hills Metro Park (opening later this year), and they presented the park district with a $500 check! The company has three more volunteer days planned, too., Nuthatch with seed at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Rose-breasted grosbeak near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Take time to notice the spring blooms along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Here are a few from volunteers Alan and Deb Casanova:, Mallard at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Our park rangers are commissioned peace officers. Here's what they do ... #PoliceWeek, Cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Nashville warbler at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Yellow-throated vireo working together near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photos by volunteer Doug Dawes), Female eastern towhee at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Tree blossoms at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photos by volunteer Joe Prekop), What a great morning for a race! About 850 runners and walkers celebrated Mom today in Munroe Falls Metro Park during the 4th annual MOTHER'S DAY 5K. We'll post a link to race results, and more photos, Monday.

Many thanks to our volunteers and sponsors! Support for the Mother’s Day 5K was provided by: Stifel Financial; Buckingham, Doolittle and Burroughs, LLP; Acme Fresh Market; Akron Life Magazine; and Friends of Metro Parks., Milk snake at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Sheila Stransky: "The tree swallows seemed very eager to check out the accommodations in the bluebird boxes at Munroe Falls Metro Park. First come, first served?", Volunteer Doug Dawes said there was bird drama on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail: Orioles were building a nest, and kingbirds were tearing it down., The entrance to Munroe Falls Metro Park’s Lake Area will be closed from 7:45 to 10 a.m. to accommodate runners Sunday.
Participants and spectators are asked to arrive before 7:45 a.m.

The Mother’s Day 5K is a fundraiser for the Metro Parks Foundation. A very limited number of runners can register on race day, starting at 7 a.m., for $30/person, cash or check only. Runners 14 and under are free, but they must be registered.

About 750 individuals signed up early, and registration will be cut off at 1,000.

Support for the Mother’s Day 5K is provided by: Stifel Financial; Buckingham, Doolittle and Burroughs, LLP; Acme Fresh Market; and Akron Life Magazine. Friends of Metro Parks will host a make-a-sign station to help young spectators cheer on their favorite participants., Frog at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Yellow warbler at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Robert George compiled photos of herons against the full moon at the Bath Road Heronry near Hampton Hills Metro Park, Now through Sunday, May 10: 
Shop for moms, dads and grads and receive 15% off all merchandise in the F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm gift shop, where we specialize in Made in the USA, fair trade and eco-friendly items. On Mother's Day (5/10) the first 100 ladies visiting the shop will receive a free flower. 

New to the gift shop are collapsible water bottles. They are reusable (hand-washable), BPA-free, and available in four colors (pictured)., TEENS 13 to 17: Join us for four jam-packed days of wild exploration at CAMP CONNECT, June 23 to June 26. Activities include working with a Metro Parks biologist to conduct surveys and monitor water quality; archery, outdoor exploration, nature art, journaling, and more. Cost is $60/participant. Call to register or get more info: 330-865-8065.
(photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Yellow warbler in flight at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Baby Canada geese along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer Tami Hill shared photos of the beautiful blooms at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, On Tuesday, the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South was recognized as BEST PHOTO OP by the Akron Summit Convention & Visitors Bureau, during the organization's annual Zenith Awards at the John S. Knight Center.

If you haven't been there, the flat, easy and accessible half-mile Overlook Trail is at 354 Sackett Ave., Akron., Summit Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon was honored with the 2015 Outstanding Hospitality Volunteer Award yesterday at the Akron Summit Convention & Visitors Bureau Zenith Awards. With over 10,000 hours of volunteer service to Summit Metro Parks, Jerry not only shares his talent and time as a volunteer photographer, but also contributes to field studies with our Natural Resource Management staff and other projects. 

Thumbs up and congratulations to Jerry!, Learn more about the NEW Metro Parks Running Spree:, Phoebe at Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Two frogs enjoying F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Naturalist Nathan Fortunato: "They’re coming back! Here at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm we’ve put out our hummingbird feeders for the season. 

Hummingbirds usually begin returning in mid-April, sometimes matching up with when the buckeyes start blooming. These small birds double their weight before leaving Central America and can fly up to 600 miles without resting during their journey north. Keep an eye out for them in the coming weeks!"
(photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Robert George: "Nothing is as keen as the human eye. A camera doesn't come close to seeing what our eyes see. We can shoot a photograph of something, but what the human eye sees is in far greater detail.

So, to truly enjoy spring, head out to the Metro Parks. Spring is the one and only season we can experience birth to maturity. It's a fascinating season!", Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I saw this little bee fly into this trillium at O'Neil Woods Metro Park, and when I looked in he was looking back at me.", Green frog near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Eastern towhee at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), It's a lovely day at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm! Come see what's in bloom., Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this large snapping turtle near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Volunteer Sheila Stransky recently photographed these adorable baby foxes (from a safe distance as not to disrupt the animals, of course)., Online registration for the Mother's Day 5K closes SUNDAY night! http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/MD5K.aspx

Support is provided by: Stifel Financial; Buckingham, Doolittle and Burroughs, LLP; Acme Fresh Market; and Akron Life Magazine. Friends of Metro Parks will host a make-a-sign station to help young spectators cheer on their favorite participants., Volunteer Bob Roach: "The turtle looked like it was testing the water at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm to see if it was too cold to go back in.", Virginia bluebells at Furnace Run Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), The magnolias are looking (and smelling) wonderful at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Yellow-rumped warbler at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), May 1 marks the start of Spree For All, our spring hiking series on flat, easy trails. Where will you go this weekend?
http://bitly.com/MPSSC-SFA, Volunteer Rob Blair: "This stop-action cardinal photo was taken at 1/2000 of a second at Munroe Falls Metro Park.", We were beyond giddy when this arrived today. Here's a sneak-peek at our inaugural Running Spree medals!

Learn more about this new partnership with the Akron Marathon Rubber City Race Series. The spree is June 1 to August 31. http://runningspree.summitmetroparks.org, Blue-gray gnatcatcher on its nest near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), "Bath time at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm" (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Garter snake at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Spring buds at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Robert George), Male goldfinch at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jerry Cannon said the purple martins have started to arrive at the Manchester Road area of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail!, Lace up for the inaugural METRO PARKS RUNNING SPREE! Run six or more designated trails between June 1 and August 31 to earn rewards: a wooden race medal on a commemorative ribbon. #SMPspree, Northern rough-winged swallow near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Naturalist Dave Brumfield said the red trillium are beautiful at Liberty Park, Naturalist Becca Zak: "Warming temperatures in late spring cue as many as 2,000 spiderlings to hatch from their eggs. Several days later, the spiderlings discreetly undergo their first molt from within the shelter of the egg sac. Once the spiderlings emerge, they prepare for wind-dispersal. Tilting their spinnerets up and into the air, the breeze pulls their threads, creating lift, and the spiders are ballooned away.

Molting into adults in early May, jumping spiders, pictured here, lay down a silk dragline wherever they go; often employed as a safety line in case the spider falls or jumps short of its desired destination." (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Enjoy this image on your PC, Mac and more. Download our May '15 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, Good morning from Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Mourning cloak at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Kim Hinkle), Red-winged blackbird near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), A phoebe sings at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon found this red-spotted newt in the red eft, or juvenile stage at Hampton Hills Metro Park., Naturalist Meghan Doran: "We’re gearing up for songbird migration! This weekend you can prepare by choosing one or two species that you would like to meet this spring. Yellow, blue-winged and black-throated green warblers are going to arrive soon in great numbers. Clean up your binoculars, get out for a walk and listen to their songs! Call F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm if you would like tips on beautiful places to take your bird walk." 
(yellow warbler photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Common periwinkle at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Sunset over the meadow at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), ARBOR DAY History Lesson: The Indian Signal Tree in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South was shaped by American Indians, who used it to mark the path from the Cuyahoga River to the Portage Trail. RIGHT?

According to Summit Metro Parks naturalist Mike Greene, no one truly knows how old the symbolic Burr oak is, or why its shape was altered by humans (despite what the nearby plaque says).

"If it is truly over 300 years old, it was most likely shaped by American Indians, but for what purpose?" Greene asks. "It could mark a gathering place, maybe for ceremonies. It could show the way to another area or trail. It could mark the previous location of the river,” whose route has changed over time, “or good hunting and fishing grounds.”

Greene said there are many possibilities, but the answer will probably remain a mystery forever.

See for yourself: The Indian Signal Tree is located near the start of the 2.4-mile Chuckery Trail, 837 Cuyahoga St., Akron., A painted turtle basks on a log near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Throwback Thursday: Our friends from Cuyahoga Falls Library sent us these this week. The undated images, which can be found in the library's local history room, are from an album donated by the Vaughn Machinery Company in 1956., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This American toad was trying to draw in a female toad with his beautiful song near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail.", Throwback Thursday: Constructing the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Clinton, 2001., Help battle invasive garlic mustard! 

Volunteers are needed THIS SATURDAY, 4/25, 9 a.m to noon at Goodyear Heights Metro Park to help pull this invasive herb that threatens the health of native species in the Metro Parks. Interested? RSVP to mperdicas@summitmetroparks.org or call 330-865-8057 x226., Celebrate Earth Day every day, in every season.

(Views from the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South), Robin at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Sunrise at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Our park manager at Furnace Run Metro Park said the Daffodil Trail is STILL at peak bloom! One variety of the plant hasn't fully bloomed yet, while others are just now starting to fade. Read more about the the trail and its blooms:, We're one week from a BIG announcement. That's why we're co-sponsoring this event. Stay tuned, and get ready to run ..., The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is closed Tuesday, April 21 for seasonal cleaning and sealing of the recycled-content floor., A bee enjoys the spring beauties at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Kim Hinkle), Volunteer Kevin Lanterman snapped these photos of daffodils along the Daffodil Trail at Furnace Run Metro Park. There are still a few days to enjoy peak bloom!, Hermit thrush at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Great blue heron at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Song sparrow in front of a colorful sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), American bald eagle, as seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Don't miss the Daffodil Trail at Furnace Run Metro Park at peak bloom. Learn more about the history of the trail:, ROCK HALL? We have one of those.

It's Mary Campbell Cave in Gorge Metro Park. #RockHall2015
(Photo by visitor Ron Boger), Volunteer Jeff Hill: "After talking with Park Biologist Ramsey Langford, we found out that this turtle is a red-eared slider without the red ear. He said that this is an uncommon characteristic of this species, but it does happen."
(photo taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Naturalist Dave Brumfield: "One of my favorite and most intriguing wildflowers to appear in early spring is bloodroot. This woodland plant has a delicate white flower, with bright yellow stamen surrounded by a single lobed leaf. 

Bloodroot is fascinating because it does not produce nectar, yet is still pollinated by insects and uses ants to disperse its seeds. It produces a red juice in its underground root that oozes out when cut, thus the name bloodroot.

The bloodroot only displays its beauty for a few days. If you want to check them out, they are currently blooming along Old Mill Trail at Furnace Run Metro Park or along the Jogging Trail at Sand Run Metro Park.", Red-tailed hawk at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), A red-winged blackbird caught admiring its reflection at the Tinkers Creek area of Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Hello, sunshine and blooms! (photos by volunteer Robert George at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Red-bellied woodpecker at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Jack Schifano shared these sprouting blooms, as seen at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Check out our latest blog post: 40,000 Daffodils: The story of the H.S. Wagner Daffodil Trail at Furnace Run Metro Park

Peak bloom should be now through 4/22!, Volunteer Sheila Stransky spotted a leucistic robin near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., If Benjamin Franklin were alive today: "Nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes ... and the beauty of the Metro Parks."

Here's to hoping we all see a little green soon., We set fire to a small portion of Silver Creek Metro Park in Norton this afternoon. Controlled burns help manage plant communities in prairies, meadows and grassy areas.

A lot of planning and training go into this. Don't try it at home., Thank you to the Goodyear Hunting & Fishing Club and Ohio Division of Wildlife for sponsoring the annual Trout Derby at Firestone Metro Park last Saturday. Congrats to these youngsters who won prizes:, A look at Monday's storm clouds (photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman at Munroe Falls Metro Park), NATURE CENTER NEWS! The much-anticipated Liberty Park Nature Center will open Thursday, May 21, following a brief ribbon-cutting ceremony at 11 a.m., at 9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg.

Inside, displays explain the importance of the park's natural resources. Liberty harbors countless rare and endangered species, and the park is an Important Bird Area. Outside, there's a new shelter for programs and picnics (with a black-bear photo-opp!). The first weekend in June will be full of great activities to celebrate the new site., Volunteer Sheila Stransky: “Swimming and picnics: bring it on!” (Lake Area at Munroe Falls Metro Park), More signs of spring at Firestone Metro Park! (photos by volunteer Tami Hill), A Cooper's hawk strikes a pose at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Be sure to come out and see these works of art from Akron Art Museum!, An osprey couple sits in a nest above the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Just one month until the Mother's Day 5K at Munroe Falls Metro Park! Register today to run, jog or walk in celebration of Mom: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/MD5K.aspx, Cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this pregnant coyote from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, Warmer days are just around the corner, and swim season starts May 23! Get your 2015 swim pass online at preseason rates: https://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/Swimming.aspx, Volunteers Deb and Alan Casanova said if you're ready to see green, check out the lichens, ferns and mosses at Liberty Park!, Friday night dinner for two! (photo by volunteer Rob Blair near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), Green frog at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Snowdrops at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), PLAY BALL!, Throwback Thursday: It's finally biking season (though maybe not with today's rain), so let's take a look back at the 1972 opening of a section of the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail. #tbt #ThrowbackThursday, Mallard at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Red-shouldered hawk at Sand Run Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Joe Prekop took this on a recent sunset hike at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Volunteer Sheila Stransky: "I saw this nuthatch at Firestone Metro Park go into a tree cavity with a peanut, and then a few minutes later carry out some debris in its beak. After a little while it went back inside. Maybe some little nuthatches will surprise us in the future!", Congratulations to Summit Metro Parks volunteer photographer Rob Blair, who recently won a photo contest that was judged by renowned photographer Anne Geddes! Here is his winning image, captured right here in beautiful Summit County. More about the contest: http://fineartamerica.com/contests/national-tv-photo-contest-3.html?tab=winnerstv, NEW PARK NEWS! Our 15th park (and our first in Hudson) will open May 19 following a brief ribbon-cutting event at 11 a.m., at 2121 Barlow Rd.

The 300-acre Wood Hollow Metro Park includes a 55-car parking lot, fishing pond and the 1.2-mile Downy Loop Trail. A playfield will be prepped this summer, and permanent restrooms and a picnic shelter are coming later this year., Volunteer Bob Roach spotted coltsfoot growing at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., A spotted salamander in Sand Run Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Recent sunrise at Liberty Park in Twinsburg (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), White-throated sparrow at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Joe Prekop spotted this praying mantis egg sack at Munroe Falls Metro Park, The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is closed most Mondays, but it will welcome visitors April 6 (10 a.m. to 5 p.m.), when Akron Public Schools students are on spring break., Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), An osprey flies over the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Hop on over to the Nature Realm today, Sunday, April 5. The visitors center is open noon to 5 p.m., Welcome back, frogs! (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Recent sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park, as captured by the iPhone of volunteer Kevin Lanterman, Our park manager said peak-bloom of the Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park is about two to three weeks away. We'll share updates when the time gets closer -- you won't want to miss seeing the trail in its glory!, Naturalist Pat Rydquist: "Not only are we excited to see skunk cabbage, but so is other wildlife. We’re happy because the heat from the flower melts the snow around it, declaring spring is here. Bears will eat the plants; they may be their first meal after waking from winter. Flies, beetles, bees and spiders, attracted by the foul smell, take shelter in the warmth of the flower and pollinate the plants.", Tundra swan near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), White-breasted nuthatch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), ICYMI: Last night's amphibian migration program in Sand Run Metro Park was a hit! IF conditions are right we'll try to do it once more this month; our naturalists make the call. (Salamanders need rain and temps above 45 degrees.) Here's another quick video from Thursday:, The Liberty Park Nature Center will open soon. Watch our progress online! Click "PLAY" to see a time-lapse look. http://oxblue.com/open/Summit/LNC, At least 75 people attended tonight's (04/02/15) amphibian migration program in Sand Run Metro Park, and they were NOT disappointed. We saw spring peepers, two-lined salamanders, Jefferson salamanders, and too many spotted salamanders to count. In case you missed it ..., A look at the waxing gibbous moon, as seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail on April 1. (photo by volunteer Robert George), The weather is finally perfect: There will be an Amphibian Migration Program tonight (4/2)! 

Meet at 8:30 p.m. at the Old Portage Area in Sand Run Metro Park. Please note: We may have to wait a few minutes on the start if there is thunder. We are not able to lead public programs when there is thunder or lightning., With swim passes now on sale (and everyone dreaming of warmer weather), we take a look back at swimming in Munroe Falls Metro Park in 1979. #tbt #ThrowbackThursday, Red-tailed hawk at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Summit Metro Parks is ... Proud to be a part of this Greater Akron Chamber video, which includes footage from volunteer Rob Blair., Red maple buds at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), This painted turtle is out and about after a long winter's nap at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Bob Roach: "The male mallard is flashy but the female has such a beautiful pattern." 
(photo taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), A great blue heron spreads its wings at the Bath Road Heronry, near Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), The Indian Signal Tree at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Robert George), "Mom" is "Wow" upside down.

Run, jog or walk to celebrate Mom on her special day! Register online now for the Mother's Day 5K: http://bit.ly/1Covcvt. Download a mail-in form here: http://bit.ly/1zSrSc4, A bluebird takes flight at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Enjoy this image (from volunteer Jerry Cannon) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our April '15 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, Blog post: SIGNS OF APRIL
Who is excited to welcome these new beginnings in nature next month?, Volunteer Jerry Cannon said this screech owl was well-camouflaged in his tree at Firestone Metro Park., Blue skies over Cascade Valley Metro Park / North (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Bath time! (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Spring is blooming at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Volunteer Robert George calls this collage "Night Realm," taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, A starling shimmers in the sunlight along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), A recent look at the sky over Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Great blue heron near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), "Told you so."

#sixmoreweeks #winter #snow, Naturalist Danette Rushboldt: "Spring is here, right? The snow is (was) gone but the low temperatures still indicate that winter hasn’t lessened its grip on Northeast Ohio. Well, have no fear: Good news is on the horizon. According to the Old Farmer’s Almanac, April is going to be 5 degrees warmer than average, so bring on those warm April showers!"
(Daffodil photo by volunteer Joe Prekop at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South), We'll soon announce the opening date of the new Liberty Park Nature Center. In the meantime, here's a sneak peek ... We took these photos Wednesday.

Stop up and see the site take shape, at 9999 Liberty Road, Twinsburg. It's another great Summit Metro Parks example of your public dollars at work!, Hoping to see a salamander migration soon? We are, too! 

Many are wondering whether there will be a program tonight, or how to find out when one will happen. On days when the temperature is above 45 degrees and there is rain, we MAY have an evening program. Find out by calling 330-865-8060 after 4 p.m. 

Naturalist Meghan Doran adds: "Predicting an amphibian migration is more difficult than it may seem. As Northeast Ohio residents, we know how quickly the weather forecast can change. Salamanders and other amphibians need to stay wet; for some of them, their lives depend on it. With this being said, a windy night like last night (3/25) would dry them out quickly, especially when it is not raining."

Doran said Wednesday was the first day that many of our vernal pools in Sand Run Metro Park were not under a sheet of ice. Although we have had sunny, warmer days, the shaded vernal pools take a little longer to thaw out., Interpretive Services Manager Christine Hockman: "I took these photos inside our pop bottle greenhouse. Our first little sprouts are growing -- the greenhouse is doing its job! Naturalists are growing food for our live exhibit animals and Park Manager Laura is propagating plants for landscaping the grounds.

The work bench was built by Rick, a maintenance crew member, out of scrap pieces and old pallets. Functional and upcycled -- how we like it at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm!", If Mom's not happy, NOBODY is happy!

Run, jog or walk to celebrate Mom on her special day. Ages 15 and older are just $20/person in advance. Runners 14 and under are FREE (but they must register).

Click here to sign up online: http://bit.ly/1Covcvt
Click here for a form to mail in: http://bit.ly/1zSrSc4, Just in time for spring cleaning, we're looking for your old beads, beaded jewelry (broken or costume), marbles, buttons, aquarium glass/pebbles, or tiles (broken or chipped are fine) for an upcoming community art project. Just drop your treasures off at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm labeled: DANETTE, A colorful pair at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), The moon, stars and Venus over Sand Run Metro Park (photo by volunteer Robert George), Volunteers Deb and Alan Casanova said they were being watched by this red-shouldered hawk on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Redhead ducks coming in for a landing near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), There is life sprouting out of the ground at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photos by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Naturalist Renell Roebuck: "As temperatures warm up, listen near the water's edge for sounds of spring. You may hear the 'peep, peep' of the spring peeper and the quacking sound of the wood frog looking for a mate." 
(wood frog photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Volunteer Jerry Cannon said this red-tailed hawk almost had a duck dinner near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, Ring-necked duck near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Robert George captured these artistic reflection images at Firestone Metro Park, Cardinal at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Springtime love at the Bath Rd. Heronry near Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Nuthatch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Northern shovelers near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail at Manchester Rd. (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), A chickadee watches visitors at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Christy Counterman, our marketing assistant, said the raindrops and reflections in the water at Goodyear Heights Metro Park made for a painting-like image., Volunteer Kevin Lanterman at Gorge Metro Park: "What a difference a week makes.", Red-winged blackbird at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Robert George photographed a great blue heron straight-on, offering a unique look at the iconic bird that nests each year at the Bath Rd. Heronry near Hampton Hills Metro Park., Throwback Thursday: mid-March, 2012, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. C'mon, SPRING! #tbt #ThrowbackThursday

(photos by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), HERE COMES SPRING! 

Volunteers Deb and Alan Casanova said the daffodils along the Daffodil Trail at Furnace Run Metro Park have started to grow!, Naturalist Sarah Putnam: "Have you noticed active bluebirds lately? At F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Eastern bluebirds are preparing to nest using bird boxes in our meadow. If you have not seen this bird before, they’re a beautiful blue color on the back in combination with a rusty colored breast. They feed on berries and seeds during the cold winter months, and once the weather warms, they will switch to bugs." 
(photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), European starling along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Chipmunk at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Maybe with some LUCK we'll soon see some GREEN in the Metro Parks! 

(Snowdrops at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm in 2012, photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Tuesday, March 17: The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm will open at noon, not the usual 10 a.m., due to an all-staff morning meeting at another park., Pileated woodpecker at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), The Ohio buckeye became our state tree in 1953. Like the state itself, the tree has interesting parts all around.

Read more on our NEW BLOG:, Volunteers Jeff and Tami Hill saw a red-eared slider from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail! Has anyone else spotted a turtle lately?, Volunteer Rob Blair titled this photo "Ever Feel Like You're Being Watched?" (red-tailed hawk photo along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Northern shovelers near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Bob Roach snapped this red-tailed hawk in flight over F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Volunteer Robert George calls this collage "Realm of Spring" at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Great blue heron near Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Robert Vaughn), Volunteer Kevin Lanterman recently photographed this "jog in the fog" at Munroe Falls Metro Park, Chickadee against blue skies at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), How would YOU caption this photo? 

(American coot photo taken by Jeff Hill along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), This Carolina wren seems to be calling out, beckoning spring at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), #welcomebackherons !
Volunteer Rob Blair snapped this great blue heron in flight at the Bath Road Heronry near Hampton Hills Metro Park, If you hike, leave no trace. If you fish, leave no lures.

Volunteers Jeff and Tami Hill captured these photos earlier this week along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Tami emailed: "Jeff and I saw this goose at the Manchester Road Trailhead. We tried desperately to catch it and remove the lure, but we were unsuccessful."

We don't recommend goosin' geese, but be mindful of potential impacts when you're visiting the Metro Parks., You want a SIGN OF SPRING?

We saw skunk cabbage popping up yesterday in Munroe Falls Metro Park!, Volunteer Jerry Cannon said these two bird couples were very content at the Manchester Rd. area of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. The upper couple are male and female hooded mergansers and the lower are male and female red-breasted mergansers., Volunteers Deb and Alan Casanova: "THEY’RE BACK! Spring must be here! We counted 16 great blue heron individuals flying in and out claiming nest space at the Bath Road Heronry (located between Riverview and Akron-Peninsula Roads in Akron).", Volunteer Doug Dawes calls this red-winged blackbird photo "The Look of Spring." (photo taken near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), With 44 years in public service, and 33 years with Summit Metro Parks, Director-Secretary Keith D. Shy is retiring May 31. He is just the sixth director-secretary in our 94-year history., Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Dark-eyed junco at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), After 33 years with the park district, 17 as director-secretary, Keith D. Shy has announced his retirement, effective May 31, 2015. Click for more:, Volunteer Jerry Cannon snapped this immature bald eagle along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., White-breasted nuthatch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Visitor Brian Wilson: "I hike the Glens Trail at Gorge Metro Park often each year. This is the first time I have seen snow and ice built up on the river to a great depth. The wall of snow/ice is over 7 feet high in some areas. With the warmer temperatures, the river has now begun to melt its way through ... (and the ice) won't last long."  Brian adds: "In no way should anyone venture onto it!" He's right, and it's important to stay on designated trails year-round., Last Friday, these young visitors with green thumbs learned about plant parts, saw seeds germinating under a microscope, started a gardening journal and discovered what plants need to thrive. Their program at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm ended with them planting green beans, peas and sunflowers in biodegradable pots made from toilet paper rolls, which they took home.

More great, FREE programs are on our website: summitmetroparks.org, Northern flicker at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by voluneer Bob Roach), Feeding the chickadees at Firestone Metro Park (photos by volunteer Robert George), American coot near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), THINK SPRING! Register now for the 4th annual Mother's Day 5K, May 10 at Munroe Falls Metro Park.

Register online: http://bit.ly/1Covcvt
Download a form to register by mail: http://bit.ly/1zSrSc4, Volunteer Jeff Hill: "In this photo, you can see a ring-necked duck swimming as fast as he can with his catch while being pursued by a determined canvasback." (photo taken near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Canvasback duck near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "These ducks at Firestone Metro Park were waiting for me when I got there.", Blue skies over Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Close-up of a mute swan near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: "March is a great time to see waterfowl near any open body of water. Thousands of ducks will soon be moving to their summer breeding grounds, which will allow bird lovers to experience the best that these dabblers and divers have to offer. Check our Programs & Events Guide and join a naturalist for one of our Waterfowl Watch programs this month to learn more." (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Sunrise over the "Crystal Palace" at Gorge Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Why did the salamander cross the road? Find out about the phenomenon that happens each spring in Sand Run Metro Park:, With the cold weather today (3/5), all of our winter sports locations are now OPEN!, Volunteer Jerry Cannon snapped this great blue heron just as it was taking off near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., We're happy to be a part of this new program. Where will artwork pop up in the Metro Parks? Stay tuned ..., Have you seen the quarry in Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park recently?

Christy Counterman, our marketing assistant, was the first person to hike the Quarry Trail following Sunday's big snow. "Winter is really the best time to see the quarry," she said, "because the snow outlines the steps and the brush isn't as dense. You don't really realize how BIG it is until you can see all the way around.", Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Joe Prekop shared a few scenes from Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, Volunteer Rob Blair: "I don't typically do black and whites, but I made an exception for this photo of a juvenile bald eagle I encountered as it was stalking its prey along the banks of the Cuyahoga River, near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail. They are truly amazing creatures to observe.", "So, you're saying there are 17 more days until spring?" 
(photo by volunteer Jeff Hill at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Volunteer Jerry Cannon caught this gull enjoying a fish dinner along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, Winter sports update (3/3, 8 a.m.): All locations OPEN for sledding and skating! Find winter sports info here: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/WinterSports.aspx, Ring-necked ducks along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Prickly flora at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Robert George), We've started a BLOG! 

Visit us here several times each month for nature stories and behind-the-scenes takes on all things Summit Metro Parks. Our first post highlights the yearly salamander migration in Sand Run Metro Park. https://medium.com/@metro_parks, A male wood duck shows off his colors near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Gray squirrel at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Mallard in flight over the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Winter Sports Update (03/01/15, at 10 a.m.): All sled hills are open. The Big Bend skating area in Akron's Sand Run Metro Park is closed. At last report, the skating areas in Furnace Run Metro Park in Richfield, and Gorge Metro Park in Cuyahoga Falls, were open. We'll update our info line, 330-865-8060, as updates become available.

(photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Thinking about fun in the snow today? Find out which of our winter sports locations are open by calling our seasonal info line: 330-865-8060.

(photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer Jerry Cannon said it was "National Splash a Coot Day" (photo taken near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), White-breasted nuthatch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Red-breasted mergansers at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Volunteer Rob Blair: "This photo was taken near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail when it was -10 degrees Fahrenheit (-23.3 C). The morning light coming through the icy fog made for a frigid, yet mysterious glow.", Hooded merganser along the Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Indigo bunting: #blueandblack or #blackandblue? No debate; it's a beautiful bird.

(photos by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "These two robins were out to lunch together at Gorge Metro Park.", Volunteer Robert George offers several views of swans along the Towpath Trail, Volunteer Doug Dawes calls this photo "Cold Day, Warm Colors" (cardinal photo at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Throwback Thursday: The first restroom in Sand Run, Winter 1929. Hey, when ya gotta go ... #tbt #ThrowbackThursday, A blue jay enjoys a peanut at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Vote for Summit Metro Parks in Akronlife Magazine's 2015 "Best of the City" contest! http://www.akronlife.com/best-of-2015

BEST PLACE TO VOLUNTEER * BEST PLACE TO TAKE VISITORS * BEST LOCAL HIKE * BEST LOCAL NATURAL WONDER, Enjoy this image on your PC, Mac and more. Download our March '15 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops., Volunteer Bob Roach says he's sick of winter, so he sent this photo of a monarch butterfly from last summer to keep the dream of warmer weather alive. LIKE if you share the sentiment!, HOT pics from a COLD day: Volunteer Kevin Lanterman shared these photos of a warming station at Munroe Falls Metro Park, Naturalist Nathan Fortunato: "Late February is when one of our most iconic birds, the great blue heron, begins to return to Summit County after migrating south for the winter. Males return first to pick their nests for the upcoming breeding season. View these birds on warmer days at the heronry off Bath Road, between Riverview and Akron-Peninsula roads, in Akron. Also, look for upcoming Heron Watch programs in our spring program guides."
(photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Chickadee (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Park visitor Brian Wilson shared this recent snowy scene from the Overlook Deck., "A calamity day? You say it's too cold or snowy to go outside? Sounds terrible." Sincerely, 1930, Portrait of a red-tailed hawk at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), American coot near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Red-necked grebe along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Pileated woodpecker at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Downy woodpecker at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Get ready for an ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND! We'll share our latest shots of the winged beauties who keep us company in winter. Share your favorites! 

Blue jay at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "Heads or tails, no matter what - it's cold!" (photo taken near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), A visitor recently asked: "Is the blue we see in the icicles at Gorge Metro Park due to road salt run off?" 
Naturalist Mike Greene let us know: "The blue color is due to how light is absorbed, as well as reflected, when it enters those particular icicles. Remembering that white light is actually red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet, in the case of the bluish icicles the red end of the light spectrum is absorbed within the ice, and the blue end of the spectrum is reflected to our eyes.", Vote for Summit Metro Parks in Akronlife Magazine's 2015 "Best of the City" contest! http://www.akronlife.com/best-of-2015

BEST PLACE TO VOLUNTEER * BEST PLACE TO TAKE VISITORS * BEST LOCAL HIKE * BEST LOCAL NATURAL WONDER, Tired of this long, cold winter? Scenes like this along the Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park (3100 Brush Rd., Richfield) may only be six weeks away. Peak-bloom occurs in early/mid-April.

SHARE if you can't wait!, Great meeting today. Great things to come ..., Northern flicker at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Volunteer Jerry Cannon shares a macro look at the frost on his windows. Do your windows look like this lately?, Our new Liberty Park Nature Center will open in Twinsburg in May, and with it two new paths for hiking: the Bluebird and Maple trails.

The flat, easy (and paved) Maple Trail will be on our hiking spree for all abilities, Spree For All, which begins May 1. THINK SPRING!, An American goldfinch sits outside the viewing window at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Did You know? You can enjoy watching the birds from the comfort of a chair inside the visitors center. (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Red-bellied woodpecker at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Naturalist Mike Greene led one of the popular "Crystal Palace" hikes on 2/12. You can see the awesome ice formations for yourself at Gorge Metro Park., Run, jog or walk to celebrate Mom on her special day!

The Mother's Day 5K is Sunday, May 10. Register online or print out and mail in a form. Advance registration, ending May 3 at 11:59 p.m., is $20/person for ages 15 and up. Runners 14 and under are FREE, but they must register.

http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/MD5K.aspx, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I saw this Mallard 'water skiing' near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail.", Do you typically spend more time inside on the couch rather than outside? Need a jump-start to becoming more active? Join us for a naturalist-led experience that will take you from “couch to 5K.” Beginning in March, join us once a week to train for the Mother’s Day 5K at Munroe Falls Metro Park (5/10). You’ll learn helpful topics each week that will help you get in shape and become healthier. Learn more on Saturday, February 21 at 2:30 p.m. at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. If interested, you can sign up for the Couch to 5K training program.  

Already interested? Register now by calling 330-865-8065., Vote for Summit Metro Parks in Akronlife Magazine's 2015 "Best of the City" contest! http://www.akronlife.com/best-of-2015

BEST PLACE TO VOLUNTEER * BEST PLACE TO TAKE VISITORS * BEST LOCAL HIKE * BEST LOCAL NATURAL WONDER, Winter Sports Update (2/16 @ 12:20 p.m.): Sled hills are open in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, Furnace Run Metro Park, Goodyear Heights Metro Park, Munroe Falls Metro Park and Sand Run Metro Park. Skating areas are open in the Gorge and Sand Run., Volunteer Doug Dawes offers a unique look at the back of a Carolina wren at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is closed most Mondays, but it's OPEN Presidents Day, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. You won't need any Washingtons or Lincolns to enter: Admission is always FREE., Volunteer Tami Hill snapped this female mallard along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Redhead duck flying over the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), A tufted titmouse opening a seed at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), This good-looking couple was photographed at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm by volunteer Sheila Stransky, A few frosty scenes from Gorge Metro Park (photos by volunteer Joe Prekop), Love is in the air. Happy Valentine's Day! 

(mute swan photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Volunteer Rob Blair offers a macro view of some snowflakes near Munroe Falls Metro Park, THINK SPRING! Register for the 4th annual Mother's Day 5K in Munroe Falls Metro Park: http://bit.ly/1Covcvt, Volunteer Doug Dawes calls this photo of a pileated woodpecker at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm "Excavation Point.", Naturalist Meghan Doran: "We aren’t the only ones celebrating love this week. Coyotes are preparing their dens for young that will be arriving in April or May. Depending on available food, they could have up to eight pups. Please remember to stay on designated trails and keep your dogs on leashes. That protects people, pets and wildlife.", Our first park in Hudson opens in a few months ..., Cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Mute swans along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Jerry Cannon says he saw a "bouquet of waterfowl" along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Juvenile red-tailed hawk at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Volunteer Tami Hill caught action shots of two Canada geese battling along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, Up-close and personal with a red-bellied woodpecker having a snack at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), THIS THURSDAY (2/12), 2 to 4 p.m. at Gorge Metro Park (main entrance):
Explore the "Crystal Palace" on a hike with Naturalist Mike Greene. The ice formations are breathtaking on their own, but your experience will be even more fulfilling with Mike's history and nature facts along the way., "This IS my happy face." (white-throated sparrow photo by volunteers Alan and Deb Cassanova at Firestone Metro Park), "Are ewe looking at me?" (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes along the Metro Parks Freedom Trail), Come learn and play with us! LOTS of programs this season (and most are FREE): http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Programs, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "Now I know where the saying 'Just like water off a duck's back' comes from." (mallard photo taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Volunteer Tami Hill: "Have you ever had the feeling that you're being followed?" (mallard ducks at Firestone Metro Park), Cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), A classic beauty: the Indian Signal Tree at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), How many different colors do you count on this wood duck? (photo taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by volunteer Jeff Hill), Downy woodpecker at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Sand Run Metro Park stream in winter (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Have you seen the "cardinal tree" at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm? (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Tufted titmouse at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Naturalist Dave Brumfield: 
"What do ducks eat when ponds are frozen?
Ducks that inhabit our ponds are called puddle or dabbling ducks. Puddle ducks, like the mallard, primarily feed in shallow water on aquatic vegetation (seeds, grasses, leaves and stems of underwater plants). If their habitat freezes over, these ducks typically fly to an open area of water (like a river), an agricultural field or farther south to find sufficient food."

(photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Run, jog or walk to celebrate Mom on her special day! Click here to register: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-MD5K

Advance registration is $20/person for ages 15 and older. Runners 14 and under are FREE, but they must register., Volunteer Jennie Levy found a “snowmunk" (chipmunk) someone made on the Overlook Deck at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, Great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Barred owl at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Volunteer Kevin Lanterman caught this photo during the recent heavy snowfall at Munroe Falls Metro Park, Chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), It's cold out there! 
A trumpeter swan keeps warm along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Coming soon: NEW (and FREE) vehicle stickers! We'll offer them at events, at the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) and -- when it opens in May -- the nature center at Liberty Park (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg).

We'll announce when they're here., Need plans this Saturday, 2/7? Join us for two fun programs:

Bring the crew to "Good, Old-fashioned Outdoor Fun," from 
11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Furnace Run Metro Park, where we'll put our tracking skills to the test. Dress for the weather. 

And, come by F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm from 3 to 4 p.m. to make your own bird feeder at "Feeder Fun," which will be offered every Saturday throughout the month of February in honor of National Bird Feeding Month, Naturalist Becca Zak: "When you’re walking through the parks, listen for the 'wuk' and 'drum' of the pileated woodpecker. A typical 'wuk' is a series of high, clear piping calls that vary in tone. These calls are used as warning or territorial calls. A typical 'drum' is a series of low, rolling taps lasting no more than four seconds. These sounds are part of courtship and are used to establish and defend a territory."

(photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), It's Monday ... Are your ducks in a row? 
(photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Will we have an early spring?

This groundhog looks like he's teasing us. That's what happens when you dedicate an entire day to a rodent -- and wake him up from his winter slumber. (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), WHO WILL WIN? Are you cheering for the Seahawks (represented here by an osprey) or the Patriots (represented by a bald eagle)?

All About Birds says bald eagles "are much stockier and heavier-bodied than the lanky osprey." So like the big game, it's a "battle" of strength versus speed. (photos by volunteer Jeff Hill), A tufted titmose poses at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Frosted branches shimmer along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photos by volunteer Robert George), A bright winter scene at Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), White-throated sparrow at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), Registration is OPEN for the 4th annual Mother's Day 5K at Munroe Falls Metro Park. Click here for details: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-MD5K, A recent sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park, featuring a faint "sun pillar" (photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Naturalist Pat Rydquist: "Ready to THINK SPRING? 

Tree buds, like the Ohio buckeye bud pictured, are in the resting stage of the growth cycle. They contain baby leaves and flowers just waiting for spring.", In case you missed it, here is Summit Metro Parks Naturalist Dave Brumfield along with Fran Kitchen, wildlife rehabilitator, on Fox 8 News today. Learn something new about groundhogs before Groundhog Day:, A groundhog and a naturalist enter a TV studio ... It's not a setup for a joke. We'll be on Fox 8 News Friday morning!

Tune in during the 8 o'clock hour for a Groundhog Day preview with wildlife rehabilitator Fran Kitchen, Summit Metro Parks naturalist Dave Brumfield and, of course, a live groundhog., Join us this Saturday, 1/31, from 2 to 3:30 p.m. at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, as Kent State University professor Dr. Kenneth Bindas describes the history of the Virginia Kendall Reserve and the Civilian Conservation Corps. Once managed by Summit Metro Parks, Virginia Kendall is now part of Cuyahoga Valley National Park. 

Dr. Bindas will explain how our first director-secretary, Harold Wagner, and the CCC shaped the face of the Virginia Kendall area. After the program, Dr.  Bindas will be available to sign copies of his book., This recent sunrise over Sand Run Metro Park sure LOOKS warm...
(photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), #TBT Volunteer Jeff Picoult shared this 2013 photo of Munroe Falls Metro Park, along with a fitting quote: 
"Between every two pines is a doorway to a new world."
~ John Muir, This mallard appears to be walking on water near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Blue jay at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Enjoy this image (by volunteer Jeff Hill) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our February '15 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops., Volunteer Doug Dawes: "For the first time this winter, I saw a swamp sparrow (near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail).", The numbers are in: With more than 5 million total visits in 2014, Summit Metro Parks remains the top attraction in Summit County.

The exact ’14 figure – 5,014,519 – includes attendance at 14 parks and three multipurpose trails: the 34-mile Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, 22.4 miles of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, and the 4-mile Metro Parks Freedom Trail in Tallmadge.

Three Metro Parks in Akron remain the district’s busiest. Sand Run Metro Park (pictured) had more than 2.1 million visits last year. Second was Goodyear Heights Metro Park with more than 517,000 visits, followed by Firestone Metro Park at more than 342,000.

The park district’s stretch of the Towpath Trail – a little more than half of the trail’s total length in Summit County – saw more than 487,000 users.

(photo by volunteer Kim Ardelian), Images from a recent naturalist-led hike in Liberty Park in Twinsburg 

We're opening a new nature center, near the start of the Ledges Trail, this spring. Details coming soon!, Titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Immature red-shouldered hawk at O'Neil Woods Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Downy woodpecker at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Gorge Metro Park in Cuyahoga Falls is famous each winter for its impressive ice formations. (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), SNOW! 
It doesn't seem to be stopping the red-bellied woodpecker from finding a good meal at Firestone Metro Park. (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Jerry Cannon calls this photo "Mallard Fan Dance." (photo taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), This cardinal was fanning its feathers at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. (photo by volunteer Sheila Stransky), American bald eagle flying near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), This screech owl at Firestone Metro Park doesn't seem to mind the snow on his "roof." (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), A bright cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), More winter beauty, as seen from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Doug Dawes has a knack for finding large winter creatures in the Metro Parks. He found this "dinosaur" at Gorge Metro Park., Do you wanna build a snowman?

Facebook fan Joanne Spud shared this image from a recent hike on the Chuckery Trail in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. "Someone was there before me," she wrote., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I saw just one rusty blackbird at Firestone Metro Park, but he was a beauty.", F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm turns 50 this year!
Join us Sunday, 1/25, from 1 to 3 p.m. for photos, reminiscing, stories, games, cake and refreshments (while supplies last). Call for details: 330-865-8065. #tbt #ThrowbackThursday, Special memories are made in the Metro Parks. LIKE if you agree! 
(photo by volunteer Robert George), A beautiful recent sunrise over the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), YOUR PUBLIC DOLLARS AT WORK: 
Here's a look at the progress on the new nature center at Liberty Park in Twinsburg. Grand opening will be this spring; details coming soon!, Volunteer Jeff Hill says this blue jay was facing off with the red-bellied woodpecker, and the woodpecker was not backing down at Firestone Metro Park, A joyful dark-eyed junco at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon says this photo reminds him of the old "Got Milk?" ads (mallard photo taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Naturalist Danette Rushboldt: "Unusual icicles can be seen this time of year. This was spotted at Furnace Run Metro Park. Sometimes referred to as 'sapcicles,' these amber colored icicles contain sap from an injured tree. Since these beautiful icicles can also contain dirt and debris, it is better not to lick them no matter how delicious they look." (photo by volunteer Sharon Stump), Winter Sports Update (01/19/15, at 4:40 p.m.): All skating areas are closed. Sled hills in Firestone Metro Park, Goodyear Heights Metro Park and Munroe Falls Metro Park are open.

(photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Stare-down with an American coot along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is open for Martin Luther King Jr. Day. Stop by 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission is always free., FAVORITES OF 2014:
Volunteer Bethany Woznicki: "This shot of a spider on a flower is one of my favorites because it looks like he is waving to me on the Daffodil Trail at Furnace Run Metro Park." #SMPFavs2014, FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Bethany Woznicki: "This shot of the river taken at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South is a favorite because it was the first time I ever tried (and was successful) using a neutral density filter." #SMPFavs2014, Winter Sports Update (01/18/15, at 11:15 a.m.): All skating areas are closed. All sled hills are closed EXCEPT the hills in Firestone Metro Park and Munroe Falls Metro Park.

(photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), A muscovy duck poses along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), On Wednesday we recognized Bob Roach for reaching 6,000 volunteer hours. Bob, a former Marine, received a set of dog tags that read: "If found, return to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm." That's his favorite park.

"My wife (Marjorie) is the one who saw the article (years ago) in the Beacon about the parks needing volunteers and got me started," he said. "I really felt honored (Wednesday). Having my wife included made my day. I'm married to the greatest woman in the world."

Congrats to Bob, and many thanks to Marjorie. Bob's images have graced our Facebook page, publications and more., FAVORITES OF 2014:
Volunteer Robert Vaughn: "This salamander was photographed at my first amphibian migration walk. It was very cool to see about seven or eight salamanders crossing the road that rainy night in Sand Run Metro Park!" #SMPFavs2014, A recent sunrise near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Time to use your imagination: 
Volunteer Doug Dawes found an "ice monster" and "ice fingers" along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), FAVORITES OF 2014:
Volunteer Robert Vaughn selected this shot at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, taken on a peaceful and snowy evening #SMPFavs2014, Hitching a ride on an iceberg (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon at the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), Winter Sports Update: All of our sled hills are open. The skating area in Sand Run Metro Park's Big Bend Area is open, too. Details: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-WinterSports

(Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm turns 50 this year!
Join us Sunday, 1/25, from 1 to 3 p.m. for photos, reminiscing, stories, games, cake and refreshments (while supplies last). Call for details: 330-865-8065. #tbt #ThrowbackThursday, FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Jack Schifano: "This frog photo was taken at the beginning of July at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. I finally saw one facing the right direction." #SMPFavs2014, This recent sunset was shot from the frosty Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by volunteer Doug Dawes, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This red-bellied woodpecker was going right to the heart of the tree with that long bill at Firestone Metro Park. I hope he found what he was after.", FAVORITES OF 2014:
Volunteer Jack Schifano: "This blue wildflower photo was taken in October at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. The color and delicate peddles caught my eye." #SMPFavs2014, Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this snowflake at sunrise near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., FAVORITES OF 2014 
Volunteer Bob Roach selected this Cooper's hawk photo taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm as a favorite of 2014. #SMPFavs2014, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This magnolia tree at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm looked like a cotton plant ready for picking.", Go BUCKEYES!

Did You Know? The Ohio buckeye was named for its nut, which resembles the eye of a male white-tailed deer, or buck. (Illustration by Summit Metro Parks naturalist Danette Rushboldt)

#OhioState #Buckeyes, GO BUCKEYES!
Ducks are not welcome today, so we shooed them away -- just for one day. (Photos by volunteer Rob Blair)
#OhioState #Buckeyes, O-H! These Summit Metro Parks employees will be cheering on their alma mater tonight.

#OhioState #Buckeyes, #SNOW  
Here are some scenes from Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photos by volunteer Joe Prekop), Off school today? Visit any of our sled hills for some winter fun! Locations here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-WinterSports
(photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), FAVORITES OF 2014:
This favorite of volunteer Bob Roach is sure to brighten your Monday (American lady butterfly photo taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm) #SMPFavs2014, White-breasted nuthatch along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Gray screech owl along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Joe Prekop: "I had always wanted to get a good picture of the elusive chipmunk, and I finally got one at Goodyear Heights Metro Park." #SMPFavs2014, Volunteer Robert George offers a few looks at Canada geese at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, Volunteer Jerry Cannon found these ice designs on his windows ... Where do you find winter beauty?, FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Joe Prekop: "I chose the image of the barn at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South because I’ve always been attracted to barns, and this one was just so colorful." #SMPFavs2014, FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Jeff Piccoult: "This past winter was extremely cold, keeping many ponds, lakes, and rivers frozen over for longer than a lot of ducks and diving birds are used to throughout this part of the country. When the ice finally broke, we saw incredible activity on a daily basis. This is one of several buffleheads that appeared to be practicing its landing skills. These colorful little guys are a lot of fun to watch and photograph along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail." #SMPFavs2014, YOUR PUBLIC DOLLARS AT WORK: these Metro Parks employees at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm have been working outside to clear the snow from all pathways, and have even cleared off picnic tables. Thumbs up!, Want to learn more about what some water creatures are doing in winter? Explore with Naturalist Becca Zak at "Water in Winter" on Tuesday, January 13, from 3 to 4:30 p.m. at Furnace Run Metro Park (4955 Townsend Rd., Richfield).
(photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Naturalist Renell Roebuck: "Our resident birds use different strategies to get through these cold winter days and nights. The black-capped chickadee can lower its body temperature by 50 degrees to slow down metabolism and conserve energy. The American goldfinch, who shivers to keep warm, can increase its body weight by 15% during the day to provide enough energy to get through a cold night. And the northern cardinal will fluff its feathers to help trap in its body heat.", FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Jeff Piccoult: "Not much compares to the sight and sound of a swan taking flight. This one created an enormous sound that I'd compare to nature's version of a B-52 while it looked like a whale fluke making its way back underwater." (photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail) #SMPFavs2014, Female cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Rob Blair took this photo of Brust Park from the Metro Parks Bike and Hike Trail., FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Jennie Levy: "This is my favorite photo of the year; a scene thousands of years in the making at Liberty Park." #SMPFavs2014, A bluebird at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), FAVORITES OF 2014:
Volunteer Kevin Lanterman: "I remember hiking through snow and very cold temps to take this photo at Munroe Falls Metro Park. This photo is special to me because of what it took to get it." #SMPFavs2014, FAVORITES OF 2014:
Volunteer Kevin Lanterman: "I have seen some amazing sunsets from Tallmadge Meadows at Munroe Falls Metro Park. This one takes the grand prize." #SMPFavs2014, Naturalist Sarah Putnam: "American robins: a sign of spring or not? Many people believe that once they see a robin in winter, spring is almost here. Actually, robins are here throughout the winter and have just changed their routine. These birds spend more time in fall and winter roosting in large groups and foraging on fruit, especially honeysuckle berries. Occasionally, fermented berries can cause the birds to become intoxicated during foraging." (photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), How does nature inspire YOU?
We host dozens of FREE programs each month. Recently, these young, creative visitors joined a naturalist for drawing, crafts and more. Visit our website for upcoming activities: summitmetroparks.org., FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Jeff Hill: "This picture was taken in October along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. This was the first time that I was able to take a picture of a great blue heron after making a catch at close range. He stayed within 5 feet of me for at least 3 minutes before he took off." #SMPFavs2014, Curious to know more about our feathered friends? Learn about birds for free at the Akron-Summit County Public Library this Saturday, January 10., FAVORITES OF 2014:
Volunteer Jeff Hill: "This photo from Gorge Metro Park is one of my all time favorites. It was taken on January 31, 2014, and was the first time I had ever seen it almost frozen over." #SMPFavs2014, Enjoy this image (by volunteer Doug Dawes) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our January '15 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops., Only in the Metro Parks could you experience a black bear photobomb. There have been a few bear sightings in Summit County in recent years, and biologists believe Liberty Park may have a resident black bear.

In case you couldn't tell, we took this photo Wednesday with a taxidermy specimen during our New Year's event at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. (Wild bears don't usually wear festive hats.), SAVE THE DATE! The fourth annual Mother's Day 5K is Sunday, May 10 in Munroe Falls Metro Park. Registration details will be announced soon., A robin hides behind berries at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), A bright look at a mallard along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Robert George chose this photo as a favorite because it's not often we are able to get an aerial look at a great blue heron; their feet are quite large! #SMPFavs2014, A crisp, wintry look at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jack Schifano), FAVORITES OF 2014:
Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo: "Bats are one of my favorites, and having the opportunity to see them and photograph them is very special to me. This photo of a big brown bat was taken in July during a Summit Metro Parks bat program." #SMPFavs2014, FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo: "Watching the ospreys remodel their nest near Wilbeth Road every year is fascinating. On this particular day in April, the male flew overhead carrying a very large stick. Because of the way their toes are structured, they can carry sticks and fish so there is less wind resistance." #SMPFavs2014, How did you ring in the New Year? We had a great turnout Wednesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, where families completed a scavenger hunt and made crafts, including "dragons" and "sparklers." More great activities are listed on our website: summitmetroparks.org, FAVORITES OF 2014:
Volunteer Doug Dawes: "I had an hour to walk. Just as I got to the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail from the parking lot, the sun popped out and lit the canal corridor in all the right places." #SMPFavs2014, Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: "As the cold hand of winter grips tightly on Ohio, some animals are looking for love. The great horned owl will mate in January, with the young born about a month later. When hiking, look for large nests with feathery tufts sticking out. As with all wildlife, please view from a safe distance; great horned owls are very protective of their young." (photos by volunteer Jerry Cannon), FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Doug Dawes: "Photos are often about timing. It was quite cloudy, but as I was on my way to Munroe Falls Metro Park to try for a shot, I saw the clouds break. I stopped in a parking lot on the way and was blessed with this shot of the blood moon." #SMPFavs2014, O-H!
Five Summit Metro Parks employees are proud OSU grads. (Four are pictured rooting on their alma mater.) Go Buckeyes!
#SugarBowl #OhioState #Buckeyes, O-H!

Did You Know? Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park has more Buckeyes than any Metro Park in Summit County. These photos are from the historic park in Peninsula, north of Akron.

#SugarBowl #OhioState #Buckeyes, Happy New Year! 2015 will be BIG.

In a few months we'll open the Liberty Park Nature Center in Twinsburg. Click the link to see our progress, and select "PLAY" to watch a time-lapse slideshow: http://bit.ly/1v0hWq9, FAVORITES OF 2014:
Volunteers Deb and Alan Cassanova: "This is one of those photos that sing to us :) You can actually 'see' this eastern towhee calling out 'Drink Your Tea' in this photo at Munroe Falls Metro Park!" #SMPFavs2014, A red squirrel poses at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteers Deb and Alan Cassanova: "This is one of our favorites because it brings back memories of springtime along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail AND we were so impressed by this mother’s ability to keep her 'crew' all together!" #SMPFavs2014, This sunset was photographed last Friday at Munroe Falls Metro Park by volunteer Kevin Lanterman., FAVORITES OF 2014:
Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This northern harrier was going in for the kill at Springfield Bog Metro Park. This is special to me because I worked for over two hours chasing this guy around the meadow trying to get his picture. I was almost ready to give up when he landed pretty close to me and gave me a chance to take a few exciting pictures." #SMPFavs2014, The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm and our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park will be closed on New Year's Day, January 1, 2015. See you on January 2!, FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Jerry Cannon says: "This shot of the barn at Silver Creek Metro Park at sunrise is special to me because I hardly ever get up to watch the sun come up. This particular day was a beautiful morning and the sunrise was a thing of beauty." #SMPFavs2014, Is it just us, or is this tree opening perfectly shaped for an owl? (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes at Silver Creek Metro Park), The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is closed most Mondays, but it's open December 29, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Rob Blair: "While photographing cardinals at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, this bold and curious little chickadee kept landing on my lens to use as a perch for surveying some seeds that were on the ground nearby. So, I held out my big camera rig with my right hand and I used my iPhone to snap this photo with my left hand." #SMPfavs2014, FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Rob Blair: "This photo was taken at 1/4000 of a second and when combined with accurate focus, it provided an exceptionally detailed look at this common yet beautiful species in flight along the Metro Parks Bike and Hike Trail." #SMPfavs2014, A bright cardinal at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Steve Ash photographed this scene at our newest park, Wood Hollow Metro Park, which will open in spring 2015. #SMPfavs2014, FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Steve Ash photographed this garden spider at our newest park, Wood Hollow Metro Park, which will open in spring 2015. #SMPfavs2014, What ever happened to good, old fashioned outdoor fun? 

Calling all families: Join us at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm for "Good, Old-Fashioned Outdoor Fun" at 12:30 p.m. on Sunday, January 4. Naturalist Becca Zak will provide families with interactive outdoor games and activities. Parents, you're expected to play, too!, RECYCLE YOUR CHRISTMAS TREE! Live trees – cleaned of all decorations, garland and tinsel – can be dropped off in the following areas, through January 31. Look for the small green sign that identifies each drop-off location.

Summit Metro Parks will chip the trees into mulch, which will be spread out near trailheads next year.

1) Firestone Metro Park / Little Turtle Pond (2400 Harrington Rd., Akron)

2) Furnace Run Metro Park / Brushwood (4955 Townsend Rd., Richfield)

3) Goodyear Heights Metro Park / Main Entrance (2077 Newton St., Akron)

4) Sand Run Metro Park / Treaty Line Area (995 Treaty Line Rd., Akron)

5) Silver Creek Metro Park / Big Oak Area (5199 Medina Line Rd., Norton), FAVORITES OF 2014: 
Volunteer Kim Ardelian says: "I'm always excited when I see a deer. The opportunity to get a nice photo is even better." (photo taken in Sand Run Metro Park) #SMPfavs2014, FAVORITES OF 2014: We asked our volunteer photographers to send us their favorite two shots taken in the Metro Parks this year. We'll share them all over the next couple of weeks. 

Volunteer Kim Ardelian kicks us off, saying, "This was the first time I had ever seen a Carolina wren, so I was really excited to get the shot. I heard its call first and it took me a while to find it." (photo taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm) #SMPfavs2014, It's a red-and-green kind of #tbt!
Enjoy the colors of the season, from your friends at Summit Metro Parks, Volunteer Doug Dawes took this photo of natural ice sculptures in 2013. What do you see when you look at it? Maybe reindeer pulling Santa's sleigh? :), Two students in the DECA class at Barberton High School are polling residents, 65 and older, about our Metro Parks.

Here's a link; please share! http://bit.ly/1zEEsds, Holiday Closures: The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm will close at 3 p.m. on Christmas Eve, and the building will be closed Christmas Day. Our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park will be closed Christmas Eve and Christmas Day., Volunteer photographer Joe Prekop took this image last week in Goodyear Heights Metro Park. Of course, now that winter is officially here, a balmy 60 degrees can be expected tomorrow, 12/24., null, Eastern bluebird at Silver Creek Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Case of the "Mondays" for this cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm? (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I was greeted by this beautiful field of gold on a cold afternoon at Springfield Bog Metro Park.", The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is closed most Mondays, but it's open December 22 and December 29, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Two students in the DECA class at Barberton High School are polling residents, 65 and older, about our Metro Parks.

Here's a link; please share! http://bit.ly/1zEEsds, Heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Volunteer Bob Roach: "The cardinal was looking at the mallards and wondering what they were doing." (photo at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), The "living skin" of the ledges at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), A bright blue jay at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Doug Dawes calls these kingfisher photos "Another Shade of Blue" (photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Goldfinch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Naturalist Mike Greene: "Red-bellied woodpeckers have an extra long tongue that extends several inches past the end of the beak. The tip of the tongue is hardened like a spear point and has rear-facing barbs to help extract insects from crevices on tree trunks and limbs. Interestingly, males have longer, wider-tipped tongues than females. Scientists believe this difference may allow pairs to forage in slightly different areas within their territory." (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Founded in 1921, we have plenty of years of memories to "throwback"
...#tbt to when THESE were our park district vehicles!, CHRISTMAS BIRD COUNT: We hosted our annual count Sunday, part of The National Audubon Society's nationwide Christmas Bird Count. In a two-hour period, visitors, volunteers and staff at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm witnessed 23 species, including 239 individual birds.

Species included: American crow, American goldfinch, American robin, American tree sparrow, house sparrow, song sparrow, white-throated sparrow, black-capped chickadee, blue jay, Carolina wren, dark-eyed junco, European starling, house finch, mourning dove, northern cardinal (pictured), tufted titmouse, red-bellied woodpecker, downy woodpecker, hairy woodpecker, northern flicker, red-tailed hawk, ring-billed gull, white-breasted nuthatch., Chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Towering trees at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Sundown on the marsh (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This coot seemed to be admiring himself in the reflection." (photo taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Rob Blair: "Here's one more scene from a recent sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park. With the pine in the foreground, I figure this particular scene looks much like a native meadow might have looked in our area many years ago.", A tufted titmouse, eating from a visitor's hand at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Frozen oak leaf at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), The eastern fence lizard is one of two lizards found in Ohio. Come learn more about "Leonard" the fence lizard at his new home: F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), A blue jay, mid-call at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Doug Dawes calls the first photo of an immature bald eagle "Come Back, Mom!" We think photo #2 may be Mom. (spotted along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Volunteer Rob Blair caught a recent sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Volunteer Jerry Cannon calls this photo "Chickadee Fan Dance." (photo taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), In winter, when most plants are not in bloom, enjoy the bold greens of ferns that cover the forest floor like these at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), A festive cardinal (photo by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Volunteer Jeff Hill says it looks like this white-throated sparrow is doing a "happy dance" at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Bluebirds along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Miss bright skies and bold sunsets? Here's a sunset from last month at Munroe Falls Metro Park. (photos by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), What's YOUR favorite winter memory in the Metro Parks?

Yesterday we talked with a Florida man who was raised in Akron. He wants to bring his kids to Sand Run Metro Park at year's end so they can go sledding and skating where he did growing up., Naturalist Nathan Fortunato: "Many of the fungi in our parks are only visible during the spring to fall months. Because they interact with the roots of trees, when trees go dormant for the winter the mushrooms and fungi that pair with them also stop fruiting.

Others, like this false turkey tail, are able to survive later into fall and even through winter! They are able to do this because they get their nutrients from dead and decaying logs and branches, rather than relying on living trees for their food. Look for these fungi on dead trees and fallen logs on the forest floor at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm.", Close-up of a chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Throwback Thursday: Summit Metro Parks was established in 1921. Today we share employee photos from 1929, '37 and '63. #tbt #throwbackthursday, Male or female? Note the difference in the coloring on the heads of the red-bellied woodpeckers in these two photos. The first is the female, the second is the male. (photos by volunteer Jerry Cannon at Firestone Metro Park), #tbt to last spring...
Volunteer Rob Blair shares: "This is an artistic render I did of a beautiful barred owl I photographed while it was hunting at Munroe Falls Metro Park in the spring of this year.", “WILD” LIFE: We shared a photo last week of a squirrel “high-fiving” a visitor – a sort of play on the idea of Giving Tuesday.

But take note: It’s against our rules to feed wild animals other than songbirds. Natural seed mixes (like black-oil sunflower) provide overwintering birds with essential energy. Viewing wildlife like raccoons, squirrels and deer from a safe distance decreases stress levels in the animals and allows them to maintain their natural foraging behaviors.

(photo by volunteer Joe Prekop, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), A pileated woodpecker at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photos by volunteer Doug Dawes), A blue jay sits in the branches at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), An oldie, but a goodie: The Indian Signal Tree at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer Jerry Cannon says this made his feet cold just looking at it. (Great blue heron photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Where's the snow? While we wait for December flurries, here are some great snowflake macros from past winters, from Summit Metro Parks volunteer photographer Rob Blair.

Click "LIKE" if you want snow, "SHARE" if you don't., Red-tailed hawk at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), From Interpretive Services Manager Christine Hockman: "The horizontal wood slats on the shelter are purposeful. In the evening, with the lights on inside, the shelter will have a nice glow emanating from it. The open spots around the fireplace are for the sliding barn doors, coming soon." 

We're excited to share a glimpse of more great progress on the Liberty Park Nature Center! It's really coming together. 2015 will be a great year!, White-throated sparrow at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), A chickadee in flight at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I watched this immature red-tailed hawk at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm as he kept his eyes on all the little birds flying around him. As far as I know he didn't manage to catch any.", House finch along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Who is ready for more winter weather to create beautiful scenes like this one at Munroe Falls Metro Park? (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Doug Dawes aptly named this colorful shot of an eastern bluebird and a northern cardinal "Flights of Fancy." (photo taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), A beautiful female cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This red-bellied woodpecker was keeping a close eye out for a hawk that was in the area at Firestone Metro Park.", Naturalist Meghan Doran: "Feeling a little blue? Living in Northeast Ohio can be a challenge during the winter, especially when it's cloudy and cold. Look for a little color this season by searching for birds. Some of our winter residents remain just as beautiful during the winter, like this eastern bluebird." (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), How much longer before visitors can do this in Sand Run Metro Park? (February '14 photos by visitor Sarah Chuba), Volunteer Doug Dawes calls this shot "Fowl Weather" (photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Sand Run Metro Park is one of our oldest parks. This photo is from 1930. "Leave the ferns and flowers for others to enjoy." #tbt #throwbackthursday, FREE CALENDAR! While supplies last, pick up a 2015 desk calendar (featuring great images from volunteer photographers) during regular visitors center hours at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, and at the park district's administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park.

For hours and addresses, call 330-865-8065 or visit summitmetroparks.org., Enjoy colors of the season at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm! (photos by volunteer Joe Prekop), First snowflake photo of the season! Volunteer Rob Blair took this photo recently near Munroe Falls Metro Park., A sleeping dove at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon snapped this trumpeter swan along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, Red-headed woodpecker along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), It's #GivingTuesday...this squirrel is giving out a high-five at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm! (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), CLOSED: The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is closed today, Tuesday, 12/2, for scheduled floor maintenance. The building will reopen Wednesday, 12/3, at 10 a.m., Naturalist Dave Brumfield: "Nicknamed the 'snowbird,' dark-eyed juncos are a sure sign that winter is on its way. When food supplies and habitat conditions up north change for the worse, the birds move south and begin to show up in our yards.

Juncos are primarily ground feeders, and you can attract them by providing seed mix containing millet and hulled sunflower seeds. Not seeing them in your yard yet? No problem. Plan a trip to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm this winter and look for them at our bird viewing area!", Nuthatch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), It's December! Here's a cardinal, sporting the color of the season at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), FREE CALENDAR! While supplies last, pick up a 2015 desk calendar (featuring great images from volunteer photographers) during regular visitors center hours at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, and at the park district's administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park.

For hours and addresses, call 330-865-8065 or visit summitmetroparks.org., An elegant cedar waxwing reigns over the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "What you see in the photo is called tree resin and it has several purposes. It helps heal an injury to a tree and it also keeps insects from infesting that area. If left there for many, many years it will fossilize and will become known as amber. Jewelry is made from amber, as are other items. Yeah, Mother Nature!" (photo taken at Springfield Bog Metro Park), A kingfisher soars after catching a meal along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Nuthatch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Volunteer Bob Roach calls this shot "Titmouse Stare" (taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Sunday (11/30) is the last day of the 51st annual Fall Hiking Spree. If you've earned a shield, volunteers will help attach it to your hiking staff during this free service., After the November snow, volunteer Kevin Lanterman snapped this shot in the woods at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Heron close-up! (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this bright cardinal at Springfield Bog Metro Park., TALKIN' TURKEY: We've shared this series before. Because it's awesome.

Several years ago, one of our trail cameras caught this action in a conservation area in northern Summit County.

Hard to believe, but less than 100 years ago Ohio didn’t have any wild turkeys due to farming and loss of habitat. Turkeys were trapped in other states by the Ohio Division of Wildlife in the 1950s and reintroduced, first in the forests of southeast Ohio., TALKIN' TURKEY: Wild turkeys can reach flight speeds of up to 50 miles per hour. The noisy birds do more than just “gobble” – they can bark, peep, yelp and even croak like frogs. You may see them in the Metro Parks searching for tubers, nuts and worms. (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), TALKIN' TURKEY: The wild turkey is the largest game bird in North America, ranging from 3 to 4 feet tall and weighing up to 24 pounds. Farm-raised turkeys, the center of a typical Thanksgiving feast, are twice the size of wild turkeys and usually cannot fly because of their size. (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), TALKIN' TURKEY: Wild turkeys can be found throughout Ohio and in many of our parks. One spot you may see them is Liberty Park. That's where volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this bird strutting his stuff. The 3,000-acre park’s mix of habitats – forest, fields and wetlands – in northeast Summit and Portage counties attracts many turkeys (including Jerry)., HAPPY THANKSGIVING! The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is closed for the holiday. It reopens Friday at 10 a.m., Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Have you completed the Fall Hiking Spree? These people did. They picked up their rewards last weekend at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, where volunteers attached their shields to their hiking staffs.

Volunteers will help this Saturday, too. Click for details: https://www.facebook.com/events/1486211471640992/

The Fall Hiking Spree ends Sunday, 11/30! Hike eight or more designated spree trails to earn your own staff and shield., Volunteer Rob Vaughn offers an up-close look at a squirrel at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Female cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Doug Dawes said this was his first time spotting the American pipit (photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Enjoy this image (by volunteer Rob Blair) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our December '14 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops., "The buck stops here." 
This white-tailed buck posed for a photo at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), FREE CALENDAR! While supplies last, pick up a 2015 desk calendar (featuring great images from volunteer photographers) during regular visitors center hours at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, and at the park district's administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park.

For hours and addresses, call 330-865-8065 or visit summitmetroparks.org., Downy woodpecker at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Chickadees like this one at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm love to eat seed from visitors' hands! Give it a try sometime. (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), He did it! Brady completed the Fall Hiking Spree this weekend.

This young man has earned a hiking shield every year since he was born, and this year he completed it despite a fractured leg. Congrats, Brady!, Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this cardinal along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, Have you noticed the bags on top of the building at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm? Now that the dirt has been removed from the once-underground building, we've placed bags of straw on the roof to provide insulation through the cold months before a permanent roof is installed. The best part: we can reuse the straw throughout the Metro Parks in the spring!, Volunteer Bob Roach spotted this blue jay at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Volunteer Rob Blair set out to the Cascade Valley Metro Park / South Overlook Deck to catch a sunrise photo, but a special encounter made for a different photo altogether. Thumbs up!, Volunteer Kevin Lanterman took this photo at Munroe Falls Metro Park just before the snowy spell., "And this is why I'm called a red-bellied woodpecker." Volunteer Jerry Cannon offers a neat perspective in this photo at Firestone Metro Park., Junco at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Meet Brady, who has done the Fall Hiking Spree EVERY YEAR since he was born! This year, Brady is determined to finish the spree despite a fractured leg. Help us cheer him on. And, there's still time to finish YOUR spree hikes before November 30.

See pictures from each year:, It no longer looks or feels like fall, but the Fall Hiking Spree doesn't end until 11/30., Naturalist Rebecca Zak: "Each fall, countless saplings planted by Metro Parks are at the mercy of testosterone-driven white-tailed deer during 'the rut.' To prevent this, trees are wrapped; making it impossible for bucks to rub their antlers on young, fragile trees.", It has been a peaceful "Snowvember" scene at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Snow can be a bother, but it also can be very beautiful. Here's a recent look at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Bert Szabo, our very first naturalist and now a longtime volunteer, has received the 2014 "Outstanding Volunteer Interpreter" award from the National Association for Interpretation.

An avid birder, Bert visits many parks in Northeast Ohio, and his influence has been felt by countless naturalists and professionals in the field. When he was nominated for the NAI award, a member of the Greater Akron Audubon Society noted Bert's "irrepressible spirit and love of nature," adding: "(He) has dedicated his life to the environment and has made an enormous impact on untold numbers of people."

LIKE to congratulate Bert!, FREE CALENDAR! While supplies last, pick up a 2015 desk calendar (featuring great images from volunteer photographers) during regular visitors center hours at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, and at the park district's administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park.

For hours and addresses, call 330-865-8065 or visit summitmetroparks.org., Just one week until Thanksgiving! This turkey tail fungus should help get you in the mood. (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon at Liberty Park), Volunteers Alan and Deb Cassanova: "It was a winter wonderland at the Overlook Trail at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, and as a bonus, someone left a snowman!", White-throated sparrow at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), From Naturalist Danette Rushboldt: "Crows are incredible birds. With the exception of the parrot, crows have the largest brains in the bird world. Crows that live in cities will often mimic the sounds of police cars and fire trucks. And, did you know? Crows are born with blue eyes that turn black as they get older."

(American crow photo by volunteer Bob Roach), The beautiful drive up to Munroe Falls Metro Park after the recent snow (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Red-bellied woodpecker, photographed along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail by volunteer Doug Dawes, News about Hampton Hills Metro Park ... Additional alerts are posted here: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Alerts, "WHOOO is Watching" (photo by volunteers Alan and Deb Cassanova at Firestone Metro Park), The good news: Today's snow was gorgeous, and we snapped a few images in Sand Run Metro Park in Akron. The bad news: We lost our lens cap. Guess we'll just have to wait for a little warm-up., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This female mallard, found along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail at Manchester Rd., was showing off for the camera.", A bright cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), FREE CALENDAR! While supplies last, pick up a 2015 desk calendar (featuring great images from volunteer photographers) during regular visitors center hours at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, and at the park district's administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park.

For hours and addresses, call 330-865-8065 or visit summitmetroparks.org., There's nothing like spotting the American bald eagle. This one was photographed a few days ago at Hampton Hills Metro Park by volunteer Doug Dawes., Visitor Appreciation Weekend ends today, 11/16. Visitors to the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm receive 15% off all purchases and FREE gift packaging. Items for sale include clothing, Fall Hiking Spree t-shirts, jewelry, books, kids' merchandise and sustainably-sourced items. Call for details and hours: 330-865-8065., A stunning fall sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Goldfinch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Doug Dawes titled this photo "Star-Crossed Lovers" (taken along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), Best. Tree. EVER. 
At Liberty Park, there's a tree with what seems to be a bear's head growing out of it. 

Fitting, because on several occasions, evidence of black bears has been found in Liberty Park in Twinsburg, at 9999 Liberty Road, including tracks in the snow and bear scat. However, it isn’t known if Liberty Park has any year-round resident bears, or how many. (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), As of earlier this week, Gorge Metro Park still looks great! (photos by volunteer Jeff Hill), A recent sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), WHAT IS THAT BIRD? That was essentially the message from a Facebook fan named Kate, who photographed a white hawk in the  Barberton area.

We recognized it as a possible leucistic red-tailed hawk; one has been spotted the last few years in the Cuyahoga Valley. Two of our natural resources employees said it's likely the same bird, as a leucistic hawk (or hawk without pigment) is very rare. Sightings of it increase in fall and winter because there are no leaves.

Shared here are Kate's photo and a close-up from volunteer Jerry Cannon, who photographed the bird in February of this year., Congrats to our friends in Stark County., Visitor Appreciation Weekend begins tomorrow, Friday, 11/14! Visitors to the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm receive 15% off all purchases and FREE gift packaging through Sunday afternoon. Items for sale include clothing, Fall Hiking Spree t-shirts, jewelry, books, kids' merchandise and sustainably-sourced items. Call for details and hours: 330-865-8065., Titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, photographed by volunteer Bob Roach, Hudson: Here's a look at our newest Metro Park, in progress now and in your back yard. Wood Hollow Metro Park is near the corner of Barlow and Stow roads. It will open next year, and it's another example of your public dollars at work., Naturalist Renell Roebuck: "Pine siskins have arrived at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Ohio is part of the southern range for this northern relative of the American goldfinch when its food source up north is low. Experts predict we are going to see more of them this winter." (photo courtesy of Marie Morgan, Greater Akron Audubon Society), FREE CALENDAR! While supplies last, pick up a 2015 desk calendar (featuring great images from volunteer photographers) during regular visitors center hours at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, and at the park district's administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park.

For hours and addresses, call 330-865-8065 or visit summitmetroparks.org., Tree leaves aren't the only source of fall color...volunteer Doug Dawes snapped these at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Volunteer Jerry Cannon found this downy woodpecker at Firestone Metro Park eating poison ivy berries!, VETERANS DAY HOURS: The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is open Tuesday, November 11, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. The park district's admin offices in Sand Run Metro Park (975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron) are closed., Happy Veterans Day! THANK YOU to all of the veterans who have served our country. (American bald eagle photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jeff Hill photographed this recent sunset over the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, Volunteers Al and Deb Cassanova: "Love the way nuthatches are able to just 'hang around.' ", Volunteer Doug Dawes calls this photo "Shoveler Ballet" (photograph taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Red-bellied woodpecker at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon ran into this giant leopard moth caterpillar at Firestone Metro Park, "LIKE" if you, the kids or grand-kids get a kick out of driving through the ford on Sand Run Parkway in Sand Run Metro Park!, A heron flies over the lake at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Your Public Dollars at Work: 
Next year, picture yourself getting cozy and warm by the stone fireplace at the new Liberty Park Nature Center!, Have YOU finished? (Have you started?) There's still time to complete the 51st annual Fall Hiking Spree. Hike eight or more trails through 11/30 to earn a hiking staff and shield. Details at summitmetroparks.org., Dawn to dusk, there's peaceful beauty at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photos by volunteer Jeff Hill), "Kinderealm - American Indians," at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm: Today, ages 3 to 6 played games, danced, learned about archaeology, saw displays and artifacts, and touched real pelts from a buffalo, beaver and bear. Before leaving, they made a corn craft to take home.

Learn about more great programs on our website: summitmetroparks.org. Most are FREE!, FREE CALENDAR! While supplies last, pick up a 2015 desk calendar (featuring great images from volunteer photographers) during regular visitors center hours at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, and at the park district's administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park.

For hours and addresses, call 330-865-8065 or visit summitmetroparks.org., Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: "Witch hazel is a native shrub that blooms in the fall, when most things are not looking their best. To help you find the plant: Around Halloween, look for flowers that look like yellow spiders and you'll know 'witch' is in the name!", A year ago this week, Summit County voters approved a Summit Metro Parks levy by 75%, funding us through 2021. The cost is less than $45/year per $100,000 property valuation. We believe it's a great value (with access to 14 parks, more than 125 miles of trails, and a whole lot more), and an overwhelming majority of residents do, too. #ThrowbackThursday #tbt, Volunteer Jerry Cannon calls this a "prehistoric Beechasaurus foot"...you can see the rest of the giant at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Nothing like a cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm to brighten your day! (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), "Far out!" Volunteer Kevin Lanterman took this photo of the Milky Way at Silver Creek Metro Park., Grasshopper at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Geese fly over Silver Creek Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Park visitor Brian Wilson shared these photos of a recent sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park, A deer in the trees, photographed by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Meet the new Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail patrol (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), A carp swims along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Mallard at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Enjoy this image of a hooded merganser (by volunteer Jerry Cannon) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our November '14 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops., The Board of Park Commissioners voted 10/21 to create a 12- to 15-person citizen-led task force to discuss concepts for a café in the Metro Parks.

Interested Summit County residents may call 330-867-5511, or email marketing@summitmetroparks.org, with contact information and brief details about their applicable background or skill set. Submissions are needed by TOMORROW, Tuesday, 11/4, at 4:30 p.m., Good morning from Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), A ginko leaf at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Our bike patrol season is coming to an end, and we'd like to honor our riders with this photo, titled "Helmet Hair" (by volunteer Doug Dawes)., A colorful red squirrel hangs out over the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo: "I walked Furnace Run Metro Park the other day carrying my camera with a creative lens that had a special aperture in it. Plus, to add even more creativity to the photo, I intentionally blurred the focus to add a dreamy effect. This photo reminds me that the Metro Parks are full of bright 'stars' that make my visits a real treat!", They're probably distracted by the awesome fall scenes at Firestone Metro Park. (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), With temperatures getting colder, frost can be found on the still-colorful leaves. These were photographed at Silver Creek Metro Park by volunteer Jerry Cannon., Naturalist Danette Rushboldt: "Turkey Tails aren’t just for the birds. Turkey tail is also the common name for the bracket fungus Trametes versicolor. This mighty little fungus, found on dead logs and tree trunks, 'gobbles' up organic material and replenishes the soil with nutrients. Spotting this fungus is fun and easy, but be sure to leave it alone to do its work in the forest ... and be thankful that rotten wood isn’t part of your dinner plans.", Happy Halloween! How about some love for the bats of the Metro Parks? There have been nine species of bats identified in our parks, and they are VERY helpful to us. Here are a few of them. Find out more at http://www.summitmetroparks.org/NatureInformation/Bats!.aspx., Volunteer Tami Hill found a "spooky Halloween tree" along the Metro Parks Freedom Trail!, The Board of Park Commissioners voted last week to create a 12- to 15-person citizen-led task force to discuss concepts for a café in the Metro Parks.

Interested Summit County residents may call 330-867-5511, or email marketing@summitmetroparks.org, with contact information and brief details about their applicable background or skill set. Submissions are needed by Tuesday, November 4 at 4:30 p.m., Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this dragonfly in August, but it's appropriate to share the image today. Know why?, This cedar waxwing is the center of a beautiful fall scene (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Thistle at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jack Schifano), If you look closely, in one of the photos you can see the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photos by volunteer Robert George), A wood duck enjoys the river along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Visitor Eilert Ofstead shared these great shots of the Glens Trail at Gorge Metro Park, null, null, null, Good morning from Silver Creek Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Bob Roach snapped this robin at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, null, A canopy of golden color at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Right now, the Metro Parks Freedom Trail looks like a corridor of fall beauty (photo by volunteer Tami Hill) 

PS: Phase II will be officially open VERY soon! Stay tuned., Believe it or not, there are still a couple of wildflowers in bloom at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jack Schifano), Naturalist Becca Zak: "We were out looking for a Chinese mantis I saw earlier at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, and we found it in the process of eating -- or incorrectly trying to mate with -- the smaller European mantis. Eating or mating? You decide!", Naturalist Meghan Doran: "Before you throw out your pumpkin, consider creating a decorative bird feeder. It is very easy and does not take much time. We had our first bird within two hours -- a Carolina wren! It's a great way to 're-pumpkin!' ", null, null, An eagle soars over F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), On Friday we met Eileene, who just finished her 51st Fall Hiking Spree--that's each one since it began in 1964. She often did her hikes with up to 10 of her children and grandchildren, and during the 30th spree, she completed it in a full body cast! 

LIKE to congratulate Eileene!, Although it IS called an autumn meadowhawk, it can be difficult to see dragonflies this late in the year. This one was spotted at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm by volunteer Bob Roach., We took this photo last Sunday during our Scarecrow Day event at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Does the same fate await the team today? If you're looking for an alternative between 1 and 4 p.m., consider our Fall Hiking Spree. It's been a winner since '64., Volunteer Rob Blair: "Notice something different about this photo? 

That's right, it's upside down. The reflection was so perfect at Munroe Falls Metro Park that I decided to throw an acorn into the lake to create a little ripple, flip the photo upside down and there you have it!", Naturalist Sarah Putnam: "Like us, animals are getting ready for winter. Take a look at bare limbs and you may notice a large cluster of leaves and twigs in the fork of the tree. A squirrel builds a drey (or squirrel nest) to snuggle into for the winter. Superstition says that the lower to the ground the nest is in the tree, the worse the winter. So go out and see what the squirrels are predicting this year!" (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Have you earned your Fall Hiking Spree shield yet? Volunteers will help attach it to your hiking staff Saturday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, from 1 to 3 p.m. Call 330-865-8065 for details., A flower blooms by the river at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Robert George), Who was able to see the solar eclipse yesterday? These images show an up-close of the eclipse, and even offer a look at sunspots. (Volunteer Kevin Lanterman at Munroe Falls Metro Park), A Summit Metro Parks biologist's photo and find are featured in National Geographic's "Great Nature Project Pic of the Day!" Click the link and scroll down to see the northern brown snake Marlo Perdicas saw in Liberty Park., One. Awesome. Tree. 
(photo by volunteer Jeff Hill at Goodyear Heights Metro Park), Check out the yellows and greens at Liberty Park (two great colors, if we may say so ourselves)! Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo, Volunteer Kevin Lanterman: "The water drops on the leaf act like little magnifying glasses, letting you see all the veins in the leaf.", Downy woodpecker at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This leaf bought some time before hitting the ground like his friends at Liberty Park.", Fall can't end without a trip to the Overlook Deck at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, and volunteer Doug Dawes says the colors are still looking good this week., Up close with fall color at Goodyear Heights Metro Park! (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Fall looks good on the misty prairie at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), A gold leaf brightens the ground at Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Bethany Woznicki), Sprawling fall color at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Tim Hite), Opening next spring, the new Liberty Park Nature Center has QUITE the backdrop (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon) 

PS: You can watch live construction progress here: http://oxblue.com/open/Summit/LNC, A stunning sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), With rain in the forecast, take a tip from volunteer Robert George who snapped these photos on a recent drive: 
"It was raining, and I didn't want to stay inside but it was too wet to hike so I went for a drive and thought about how beautiful the leaves are even in the rain in my car. So why sit inside during the rain when you can drive through Metro Parks and still enjoy their beauty?", A fall scene, as viewed from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), The moss-covered Ledges Trail at Liberty Park is on the Fall Hiking Spree this year! (photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), These little mushrooms found an interesting place to grow: on top of one of our signs for Sand Run Metro Park. We photographed them Friday., Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: "Look for these leaves while finishing up your Fall Hiking Spree hikes. Want to see red? Look for sumac, red maple or dogwood trees. If yellow is what you’re after, look for black locust or black walnut. One of the most beautiful trees is the sugar maple, which can range from bright red to yellow with a little orange.", Volunteer Rob Blair calls this shot "Canopy of Color" (taken at Munroe Falls Metro Park), We hosted a few FREE archery programs this week. More are coming, including some indoor events this winter. Visit summitmetroparks.org for details. On the home page, click "Programs & Events" under "Activities" for archery listings and other great naturalist-led activities., A beautiful look at fall color in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Bethany Woznicki), It's a spooky time of year! This shamrock orbweaver looks perfect for the season at Firestone Metro Park. (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), There is nothing like time spent on the trails during the Fall Hiking Spree! Share your pics with us using the hashtag #summitmetroparks on any of our social sites. (photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Visiting this weekend? Check our Alerts page for closures and other impacts. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Alerts, Volunteer Doug Dawes calls this downy woodpecker shot "Excavation Contemplation" (photo taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Summit Metro Parks ranger Stan Boykin will be honored before the Kent State University-Army game, Saturday, October 18. A former captain of the KSU football team, Ranger Boykin will be on the field for the coin toss and in the stands rooting on his alma mater. Congratulations to "Stan the Man," and Go, Flashes!, HAUNTED? Read what the Akron Beacon Journal printed Thursday in its "Enjoy!" section about the Signal Tree (pictured; in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South), Mary Campbell Cave (in Gorge Metro Park) and Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Congrats to Chris P. of Akron! His name was pulled today at Century Cycles - Peninsula from among the 800+ riders who completed our 2nd annual SUMMER BIKING SPREE. (Yesterday was the last day to turn in biking spree forms.) Chris wins a NEW BIKE from Raleigh Bicycles and Century Cycles!

The biking spree returns next year, July 1 to August 31, on the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, the Metro Parks Freedom Trail and the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Cheeks the chipmunk approves., Colorful fall reflections at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), A beautiful male and female cardinal, each photographed at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photos by volunteer Bob Roach), Fall leaves cover the ground at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Did you see the rainbow and warm fall sky yesterday morning? In case you missed it, enjoy this visitor photo taken at Munroe Falls Metro Park by Brian Wilson, A recent sunrise at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Kevin Lanterman: "As most plants are turning brown, there are still bits of color in the Tallmadge Meadows Area of Munroe Falls Metro Park.", A great blue heron captures his meal along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Black squirrel at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I was looking this guy in the eye at Liberty Park. This praying mantis was stalking his prey while I watched.", What a weekend for the Fall Hiking Spree! Great weather, fall colors and lots of smiling faces. Were you among the visitors on our trails? Tell us where you hiked and share your spree selfies! Hiking spree details are at summitmetroparks.org., Volunteer Rob Blair calls this photo "Lake Golden Hour" (photo taken at Munroe Falls Metro Park), "Skyfire" (photo from volunteer Doug Dawes in Munroe Falls Metro Park), Fall color against a blue sky at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this immature bald eagle ready for take-off in Hampton Hills Metro Park., These magical looking berries, called porcelain berries, were photographed recently at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South by volunteer Robert George., Forget-me-not near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), A wood duck spreads its wings at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), We're gonna go out on a limb here and say peak fall colors will be here soon. Year after year, where have YOU seen the best fall colors in Summit County's Metro Parks? (photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Volunteer Doug Dawes went on a naturalist-led "moonset hike" this week at Munroe Falls Metro Park, where the group watched the moon set in the very early morning. Luckily, he brought his camera!, From Naturalist Mike Greene: "Tree wounds are common. A wound often penetrates the bark, exposing the inside of the tree to bacteria, fungi and insects. The tree attempts to seal off the wound by forming specialized callus tissue around the edges of the openings, resulting in many weird growths. 

The middle picture shows what resembles multiple targets along the trunk. This happens when a tree adds calluses each year in an attempt to wall off a perennial canker fungus that entered through tree branch wounds. The large, dome-shaped, wart-like growth (bottom right photo) is often called a burl. What causes a burl to form is not well understood, but the wacky wood grain within is highly prized by woodworkers." (photos by volunteer Robert George), Join Naturalist Sarah Putnam and Summit County beekeeper John Irvine tomorrow, Saturday, 10/11 at 2 p.m., as they get the “sweet” satisfaction of extracting honey from a beehive at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Visitors will have a chance to sample some honey. Program will last about 45 minutes. Call for details: 330-865-8065., Our second and final Fall Family Outing -- featuring FREE hayrides, live music, refreshments and more -- is tomorrow, Saturday, October 11, from 6 to 9 p.m. in Silver Creek Metro Park, 5000 Hametown Rd., Norton. A BIG thanks to our sponsors, including Acme Fresh Market, Country Maid Orchards, Ebie Farms and the Norton Lions Club., In case you're looking for more: volunteer Joe Prekop offers two more looks at yesterday's "Blood Moon" as seen from O'Neil Woods Metro Park, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "Pretty soon, we won't be seeing these (clouded sulfur butterfly) until next year." (photo taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Good morning from Alder Trail at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), An incredible look at the "Blood Moon" from this morning in Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Make time this weekend to complete a few trails on the Fall Hiking Spree! These scenes were photographed at Furnace Run Metro Park in Richfield by volunteer Robert George, American rubyspot, photographed at Firestone Metro Park by volunteer Jerry Cannon, Join Naturalist Sarah Putnam and Summit County beekeeper John Irvine this Saturday, 10/11 at 2 p.m., as they get the “sweet” satisfaction of extracting honey from a beehive at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Visitors will have a chance to sample some honey. Program will last about 45 minutes. Call for details: 330-865-8065., Click through all of the photos. They may inspire a closer look on your next visit., Love the photos you see on our social media sites? LIKE to thank the volunteer photographers who share photos that highlight the beauty of your Summit Metro Parks!
(photo by volunteer Robert George), This photo series shows a blue heron waiting, striking, then eating at Firestone Metro Park (photos by volunteer Bob Roach), Colors are on their way at Munroe Falls Metro Park! (photo by volunteer Tim Hite), A beautiful look at the Spring Hollow Trail in Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Volunteer Jerry Cannon calls this one "Rush Hour at Little Turtle Pond" (at Firestone Metro Park), Kingfisher in the lake fog at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Bob Roach advises to visit the frogs one last time...they'll be going into the mud soon for winter! Here are a few recent photos from F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Mantis, photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by volunteer Joe Prekop, Check out a few of the many creatures living in the "living skin" on the ledges at Liberty Park in Twinsburg (photos by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Join us TONIGHT in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (2077 Newton St., Akron) from 6 to 9 p.m., Visit the Gorge Metro Park Highbridge Trail not only for spree credit, but for the beautiful views (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), 2 people, 8 trails, 13.1 miles, 1 marriage proposal: Read how Don surprised Justine with the best proposal of the season (and watch their video)!, Naturalist Nathan Fortunato: "Did you know chipmunks don’t truly hibernate during winter? Instead, they go into long periods of sleep, occasionally waking up to feed off their stored food. Expandable pouches in their cheeks help carry more food. Each of these pouches can be as big as the animal’s head when completely full! Because they go into burrows in mid-November, now is their last chance to collect as much food as possible – and our last chance to see them scurrying about the woods!", Volunteer Kevin Lanterman: "There are sunsets, and there are SUNSETS!" (photo taken this past weekend at Munroe Falls Metro Park), Our first of two Fall Family Outings -- featuring FREE hayrides, live music, refreshments and more -- is tomorrow, Saturday, October 4, from 6 to 9 p.m. in Goodyear Heights Metro Park, 2077 Newton St., Akron. A BIG thanks to our sponsors, including Acme Fresh Market, Country Maid Orchards, Ebie Farms and the Norton Lions Club., Your feel-good story of the week!, Hickory tussock moth caterpillar at Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), We are VERY happy to share this great story. Today we were able to return the ashes of Thomas Brown to his daughter, Sandy, who unknowingly lost them on a recent visit.

Sandy dropped them September 22 on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, not in Sand Run Metro Park as we were told by the person who gave the container to our rangers September 23.

"I'm extremely grateful," Sandy told Ranger Kelly Brown (no relation), who presented the container to Sandy this afternoon. "I thought Dad was still in my car."

Ranger Brown called our marketing department last week after the ashes were turned in. Ranger Brown said he just knew the ashes were not left behind intentionally, and finding the owner was important. "It was personal," he said. "I knew they meant something to somebody."

Photos of the container were posted on Facebook on September 24, and they were seen more than 38,000 times. A story about our search appeared in today's Akron Beacon Journal. Sandy saw the images online today and quickly called our offices in Sand Run.

Thomas was a pipe fitter at Firestone. He was born in Pittsburgh, but lived much of his adult life in the Portage Lakes area of Akron. He was a scout master and really enjoyed the outdoors.

As she travels, Sandy spreads some of her father's ashes in different parts of the state, but keeps the keychain container close by. "Be careful when spreading ashes in the wind. I've had a face full of Dad," she quipped., Why did the spotted turtle cross the road? We don't know, but research is underway. Click to learn about Summit Metro Parks biologists "spotting" the rare species., You may have seen it here first on Facebook last week, but we still need you. Like and share to help return this item to the owner., "There's one in every family." 

(Photo taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by volunteer Bob Roach), Cormorant stretching its wings at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Partridge pea covered in dew at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Happy Anniversary? A year ago today, the federal government shutdown caused the closure of national parks and monuments for about two weeks. But Summit Metro Parks and its trails remained OPEN! That's because we're locally owned and operated, funded by a Summit County property tax. The cost to homeowners is minimal, but the benefits are numerous., As thoughts turn to fall and hayrides (and maybe farms), we thought we'd look back on a visual improvement from earlier this year: the restoration of the old barn in O'Neil Woods Metro Park in Bath. The 1.8-mile Deer Run Trail, which is on the Fall Hiking Spree, passes behind the barn. We think you'll agree: our crew did an AWESOME job on this project., Northern cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), null, null, A beautiful waterfall along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Robert George), The historic remains of quarry operations in Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park have been defaced.

Oh, Alex. Couldn't you have just taken a selfie? Shame, shame. We know your name. And you're not welcome back.

We'll clean this up, but doesn't it make you mad? Alex demonstrated zero respect for YOUR park, YOUR trail and YOUR tax dollars., Close up of a fawn at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Enjoy this image on your PC, Mac and more. Download our October '14 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops., Mallard duck on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), A colorful look at the Cuyahoga River (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), We posted this several days ago, but we haven't yet been able to track down the owner. Please like and share to help us return the item., Grasshopper at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Banded garden spider, covered in dew at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Rob Blair: "Here is the sunrise on the Cuyahoga River as seen through a dew drop. This is not a photoshop composite, it's simply a cropped macro photo turned upside down so that the refracted image of the river could be viewed right side up. Taken just off of the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail.", Name that Metro Park! 
Hint: Despite one of its trail names, the pines planted in this 410-acre park are slowly giving way to black cherries, oaks and tuliptrees through natural succession.
(photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), AKRON MARATHON CLOSURES: Today, 9/27, the parkway in Sand Run Metro Park and a section of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, between the Mustill Store and Portage Path, will be closed until noon. Go, runners! #akronmarathon, This macro shot shows the dew drops on a damselfly near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), We have 25 employees running in tomorrow's Akron Marathon! That's about 1/5 of our workforce! Included are two relay teams, 12 half-marathoners and three who are tackling all 26.2 miles. Good luck to EVERYONE participating Saturday, and a big thanks everyone cheering on the runners. #AkronMarathon #Akron #Akrun (Photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Volunteer Jerry Cannon shares more stunning spider web "gems," photographed at Springfield Bog Metro Park, Two autumn meadowhawks in flight on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Naturalist Meghan Doran: "Eastern fence lizards can make their home throughout parts of Ohio. These tiny lizards stay well hidden by blending in with trees and leaf debris with their brownish scaly skin -- they are experts at playing 'hide and seek.'

The bright blue areas along their underside and throat can attract a female, and deter other males from their territory. These miniature dinosaurs feast on insects until it’s time to hibernate for the winter. 

Although fence lizards aren't typically seen in Northeast Ohio, you can visit one at the Nature Realm during our regular hours!" (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), EPIC FAIL. The Ledges Trail in Liberty Park is unique because of its moss- and fern-covered ledges. They may be inviting, but please don't climb or write on them. Nick and others are damaging decades' worth of Mother Nature's work. (And climbing/defacing property are both against park rules, anyway.) Please help us keep the area green and pristine for future generations. (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Did You Know? We place a bridge at the ford in Sand Run Metro Park for the Akron Marathon. (Of course, if you run it, you knew that.) Beginning Friday, 9/26 at 9 a.m., the parkway will be closed between Portage Path and Sand Run Road as we prepare for the race. It will remain closed until Saturday afternoon when the event is completed. (Photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman) #akronmarathon, These photos, captured Tuesday by volunteer Robert George at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, showcase early season color happening now at the park. With forecasts predicting similarly beautiful weather for the rest of the week, take time to stop by and enjoy!, This flycatcher was spotted at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Biologist Marlo Perdicas set up a trail camera pointed at a deer carcass, and here's what she captured: "These turkey vultures pretty much cleaned up the entire carcass in one day. While the job these scavengers do seems gruesome (and I'm glad it's their job and not mine), it really is an ecological benefit that we often take for granted. At one point, there were at least 12 turkey vultures in the photo frame at once, both juveniles and adults." Days later, the camera photographed a curious coyote, who was more than a little late to the party. The food was all gone., HELP! In the course of a year, many items are turned in to lost and found; enough to clutter your news feed. But this item -- found Monday in one of our parks -- is significant to someone, and we're turning to you for assistance. Do you know the owner? Do you know the gentleman pictured here? Share and like this post to help return the item., Wood ducks along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Sunlight creates warm, late season colors at Tallmadge Meadows in Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), It's the FIRST DAY OF FALL! And believe it or not, scenes like these aren't far off. Excited?, The Akron Marathon is this weekend! Be sure to check our alerts page at summitmetroparks.org to find out what park and trail areas will be affected (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop in Sand Run Metro Park), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I found this caterpillar at Liberty Park. According to legend, the wider the middle red band, the milder the winter. This one looks pretty wide. I hope legend is true.", Look me in the eyes! A scene out of Jungle Book? Maybe, with a good imagination. This snake was found at Liberty Park.

The black rat snake is one of Ohio’s largest snakes (up to 8 feet in length). Should you happen upon a black rat snake, you need not fear; they are non-poisonous and non-aggressive. Remember, though, to keep a safe distance. Anything with a mouth can bite! - Naturalist Dave Brumfield, Green heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Peek-a-boo! (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), We still need several hundred clear 2-liter bottles to complete our greenhouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). YOU CAN HELP! Please call the visitors center for details: 330-865-8065., GREAT feedback about the FALL HIKING SPREE: Marcia, who is new to Summit County, attached a note to her completed hiking form last week. In part, she wrote: "What a wonderful use of tax dollars - the return is a great bargain for all of us. I also wanted to mention how nice it was to see so many diverse people out walking. All ages. Lots of seniors and families, which made me feel the system is safe, well managed and widely enjoyed." The spree continues through 11/30. Visit summitmetroparks.org for details., Volunteer Rob Blair calls this shot "Autumn Colors Begin" ... Who's ready? (photo taken along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I've been waiting for this plant (bottle gentian) to bloom for a while now. I was pleased to see them in bloom at Liberty Park. They are a fall bloomer and their blossoms never open up.", Our naturalists are so great to be around that the creatures of the Metro Parks flock to them! Naturalist Mike Greene encountered this black saddlebag dragonfly in Furnace Run Metro Park., Asters, still hangin' on at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Volunteer Kevin Lanterman: "It seems many of the birds have started to migrate at Tallmadge Meadows (in Munroe Falls Metro Park), but the buzzards are still hanging around.", Enjoy the beauty of Furnace Run Metro Park in Richfield! Psst: one of its trails is on the Fall Hiking Spree (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), The Fall Hiking Spree at 34 weeks pregnant. That's right, Katelyn, with husband Alex, is determined to finish the spree before their son arrives. She emailed us Tuesday night: "I'm going into my 34th week of pregnancy and we are determined to finish before October gets started, because 9 months pregnant and hiking isn't particularly appealing."

She continues: "We've lived in Summit County since late winter 2011, and we have done the spree every year since we moved here -- even last year while we were planning our wedding and getting married. We adore the trails and have been to every park. We are looking forward to bringing our baby boy out in the spring and doing the spring spree (Spree For All), too!"

You go, Mom!, Name that park! Where did volunteer Joe Prekop take this photo? Hint: Once a campsite for Mingo Indians, this Metro Park opened in 1929., Have you seen these? Well, they've seen you. These berries are from the white baneberry plant, also known as doll's eyes. This year I've seen them along Seneca Trail at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Rock Creek Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park and Mingo Trail in Sand Run Metro Park. They're generally in the wooded sections of trails. - Naturalist Renell Roebuck, More monarchs! This time a girl, and this time volunteer Jerry Cannon was able to witness (and photograph) each step of the emergence., It's A MAJOR AWARD! Last week, several staffers attended a park maintenance conference at Salt Fork State Park. On the last day, a skills test saw seven teams of four compete in the following areas: excavator operation, truck and trailer parallel parking, a picnic tables build-off, roofing, and -- while driving a RTV -- navigating through a trash pick-up obstacle course. This team, from YOUR Summit Metro Parks, aced the competition and won the (heavy) trophy, which is an odd collection of tools welded together. Congrats to (l-r) John Robb, Mark Avery, Dave Rankin and Aaron Hockman., Water snake photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by volunteer Rob Vaughn, SHE SAID YES! Not only did this couple complete the Fall Hiking Spree in one day earlier this month, but they RAN all eight trails! At the end of their final hike, Don proposed to Justine at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Watch the video of Don's epic proposal! http://youtu.be/JH6BjXN9j2c , Weather permitting, enjoy live music tonight, 9/16, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., There *may* just be a few turtles at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Robert George), Bring your family and friends to the Fall Family Outings! Saturday, October 4 from 6 to 9 p.m. at Goodyear Heights Metro Park and Saturday, October 11 from 6 to 9 p.m. at Silver Creek Metro Park.

Both are FREE and include hayrides, bonfires, live music, storytelling, seasonal refreshments and MORE!, Another recent sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Tree swallow photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Park planners have revised plans to extend the Metro Parks Freedom Trail. See the plans and submit feedback at summitmetroparks.org through September 30., Blue heron fishing along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), This long-tailed salamander was "spotted" at Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteers Deb and Alan Cassanova call this shot, taken along the 
Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, "Great Egret Touchdown", Sunsets are beautiful, but so is the moonrise (photo by volunteer Rob Blair at Munroe Falls Metro Park), Skipper butterfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Wood ducks along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "There were a few days last week where the dew hung on everything in the mornings at Hampton Hills Metro Park. This caught my eye and I thought this spider web was a thing of beauty.", Our chief of marketing was recognized last night with a "30 for the Future" award from the Greater Akron Chamber. It speaks to the awesomeness of Summit Metro Parks and ALL of our talented, dedicated staff and volunteers, including commissioners. NINE of this year's 30 recipients mentioned their love of the Metro Parks when accepting their awards! We're honored by the recognition and being able to serve., One of F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm's happiest frogs (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "When this butterfly appeared, I knew it was something different than anything I had seen before. Very exciting." 
It's a bronze copper butterfly, seen at Liberty Park., The outdoor amphitheater at Liberty Park (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg) is taking shape. It's not far from the nature center, which is also under construction and will open in 2015. Your tax dollars at work: Definitely worth a thumbs up., Now through Sunday, September 14, all merchandise in the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm in Akron is 10% off, including this year's Fall Hiking Spree T-shirt! The shop, which is open Tuesday through Sunday, sells many sustainable, locally made and educational items, and clothing, jewelry, children's toys and more. Please call for hours: 330-865-8065. (Offer cannot be combined with other discounts. Not valid on out-of-county spree rewards or program fees.), Does this photo make you feel like you're right on the flower with this pollinator (tiger swallowtail) at Munroe Falls Metro Park? We think so! (photo by volunteer Robert George), Two turtles along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Starting September 30 we're offering FREE archery programs! We'll provide instruction and equipment. All you need is to register in advance and to show up. Visit summitmetroparks.org and click Programs & Events under Activities. More scheduled in October and November! (Pictured: Our first archery group. They gave it a try during a recent family camping program.), Volunteer Doug Dawes: "Good day for the heron. The fish -- not so much." (photo taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Oh, hello there! 
This grasshopper was photographed at Munroe Falls Metro Park by volunteer Rob Blair., Your public dollars at work: Archery platforms are under construction at the Hampton Hills Metro Park archery range! We soon will offer free archery programs for both adults and kids. Check out the programs section of our website, summitmetroparks.org, for details. (photos by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Slaty skimmer at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Now through Sunday, September 14, all merchandise in the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm in Akron is 10% off, including this year's Fall Hiking Spree T-shirt! The shop, which is open Tuesday through Sunday, sells many sustainable, locally made and educational items, and clothing, jewelry, children's toys and more. Please call for hours: 330-865-8065. (Offer cannot be combined with other discounts. Not valid on out-of-county spree rewards or program fees.), Naturalist Pat Rydquist: "This migrating ovenbird warbler hit a window at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. After spending some recovery time in a dark, closed box, its headache was better and it flew away. Not all birds that hit a window need to go to wildlife rehabilitation.", Volunteer photographer Robert George recently visited Springfield Bog Metro Park. These photos showcase its late summer/early fall beauty., Ever wonder what monarchs look like when they are just baby caterpillars? Volunteer Jerry Cannon shares a look at a recent egg, and the extra-tiny caterpillar that hatched from it., A frog enjoying the blue hues of his pond. (photo by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Volunteer Joe Prekop, Jr. : "Paid my first visit to Springfield Bog Metro Park the other day. Wow…talk about flowers!", These milkweed bugs are in the huddle and ready for some football! "Hut...hut...take a HIKE!" Will we see Johnny today? (photo by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Painted turtle along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), A grasshopper, relaxing at Gorge Metro Park (photo by volunteer Tim Hite), Monarch at O'Neil Woods Metro Park (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop, Jr.), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This five-lined skink said, 'You have five seconds to get your picture and get out of here!' " (photo taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Here's another recent sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park - this park has become a notoriously great spot to watch the sun set. (photos by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Know where this photo was taken? It may not look like much here, but it's the beginning of an entrance drive for a new Metro Park. Go ahead, guess!, Ironweed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop, Jr.), Chipmunk at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Two pollinators sharing duties at Hampton Hills Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), We're calling this photo "Don't worry; it's almost the weekend!"

How would you caption this picture? 
(Photo by volunteer Bob Roach at Springfield Bog Metro Park), Volunteer Rob Blair: "What a spectacular scene it was tonight over a beautiful field of goldenrod at Tallmadge Meadows in Munroe Falls Metro Park. Gotta love the late summer sunsets!"

Which is your favorite photo of last night's sunset?, "Hey, y'all. I'm Belle, and I need to be heard!" Watch our latest video to learn how to be safe and courteous on the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, the Metro Parks Freedom Trail and the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "If you haven't been out to the old stone house at Liberty Park, now is a good time. The flowers are beautiful.", Are YOU doing the Fall Hiking Spree?, Plant or fungi? The generally scarce Indian pipe is a peculiar plant since it does not contain chlorophyll (hence the pale white color) and gets energy not from the sun but from a relationship with fungi and trees. (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer photographer Bob Roach calls this one "Tiger Eyes" (get it?) -- at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Enjoy this image (from volunteer Keith Black) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our September '14 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops. Did You Know? The five-lined skink is our only native lizard., Leopard frog in the Tinkers Creek area of Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), A beautiful sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Look at the eyes on this damselfly! (photo by volunteer Bob Roach along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Queen Anne's lace, photographed by volunteer Joe Prekop at Munroe Falls Metro Park, Can you believe it? Today marks the start of the 51st annual FALL HIKING SPREE! Hike 8 or more trails now through November 30 to earn rewards. Forms are available at Acme Fresh Market stores and online at summitmetroparks.org, This wood duck was photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Unlike most waterfowl, wood ducks nest in trees. (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Tomorrow is the first day of SEPTEMBER! Get a jump on the month with our free desktop download for PC, Mac, and more, at summitmetroparks.org.

September calendar photo by volunteer Keith Black, This northern cardinal enjoys breakfast at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Looking for some Labor Day fun? The visitor center at the F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm will be OPEN on Monday, 9/1 at 10 a.m. Partial closures will be in effect as repairs are made to the interior of the building. Visit summitmetroparks.org to learn more., A beautiful red-spotted purple at the new Tinkers Creek area of Liberty Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Where did summer go? This is the LAST WEEKEND of our 2nd annual SUMMER BIKING SPREE. Ride our multipurpose trails to earn rewards, including a bicycle license plate and a reflective sticker for the plate. Details at summitmetroparks.org., Meadow sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Skink fight! These lizards were photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Ebony jewelwing at Furnace Run Metro Park (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), One of volunteer photographer Bob Roach's favorite creatures to photograph are frogs. Here are a few recent sightings from F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, It's a boy! We have an update on volunteer Jerry Cannon's monarch:

"Today (8/27/14), in the morning I found the chrysalis to be very dark and I could see wings inside. I had plans to go into the field for an insect survey so I left knowing when I got home, I might have a butterfly. At about 3:00 p.m. my wife called and said I was a proud Papa of a boy monarch. I missed the pictures of the birth, but did get a few of the moments after. My Granddaughter got to have a butterfly kiss right after." -Jerry, Good morning from Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I have raised this Monarch from a tiny caterpillar through to his chrysalis stage. Now after about two weeks I've noticed it has started to darken and I can see the beautiful wings taking shape. It shouldn't be too much longer before he breaks through and comes out as a butterfly.", "For a fun time, gimme a ring, Sugar.", Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo: "I walked the trail at Springfield Bog Metro Park on Saturday. In addition to seeing the beautiful flowers in the prairie and some awesome butterflies, I heard the Bobwhite quail calling his name.", Baby spotted turtles! So. Cute. 

As part of a partnership with SPOTD (Save and Protect Ohio Turtle Diversity), eggs have been collected, hatched, and eventually these turtles will be released with hopes of rebuilding the declining spotted turtle population., Monarch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Today, the visitor center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm will partially reopen for normal business hours. Partial closures will continue to be in effect as repairs are made to the interior of the building. The 104-acre park will remain open during the work. Regular hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. See you there!, Volunteer Jerry Cannon was at the new Tinker's Creek Area of Liberty Park. He says: "This beautiful red flower is called cardinal flower and is very abundant in the new area of the park." (Management of the Tinkers Creek land was recently transferred to Summit Metro Parks by the Ohio Department of Natural Resources), Our park visitors might know this one! Check it out: 

AUGUST 25 - QUESTION OF THE DAY
Q: It stretches 65‘ from top to bottom, entertains folks year-round, and is a beautiful meet-up spot both for Summit Metro Parks Bike & Hike travelers and folks wandering up from CVNP along the Stanford Trail. You’ll often find a ranger about and it makes a perfect Conservancy for Cuyahoga Valley National Park #CVNPSelfie setting. Can you name this iconic site, in place since 1814? #OECanalway31

Follow the balloons to enter your answer by 7 p.m. and be in the running for an amazing array of Canalway fun in Summit County, courtesy of our great partners at the Akron/Summit Convention & Visitors Bureau. Good Luck!, Close up of a great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Pearl crescent in the sunlight (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "The duck on the left was telling the one in the middle, 'If you look cute, he will take your picture.' " (Photo taken in the new Tinkers Creek Area of Liberty Park. Management of the land was recently transferred to Summit Metro Parks by the Ohio Department of Natural Resources.), "That's how I roll, ya'll.", This eastern towhee sings in the Tallmadge Meadows Area at Munroe Falls Metro Park. (photo submitted by volunteers Al and Deb Cassanova), The F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm will be closed for the weekend as a contractor for Summit Metro Parks continues to remove dirt from the underground structure for waterproofing the building. The 104-acre park will remain open. Visitors can reach staff by phone or in person when the building reopens on Tuesday, Aug. 26 at 10 a.m. Weekend programs will remain as scheduled., Slender spreadwing, photographed by volunteer Bob Roach along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, The slimy texture (see it in the pic?) of the viscid violet cort helps ID this variety. #FungiFriday, Claveria fungi are commonly referred to as coral fungus, for obvious reasons. Here are a few that can be seen at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. #FungiFriday, This toothed fungus grows on wood. Why? The hairlike "teeth" decompose the wood as the fungus brings in water, while the tree feeds the fungus with its sugars. #FungiFriday, This bright orange mushroom, seen in abundance in the woods of F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, is the smooth chanterelle. It's edible, but don't pick it and eat it from the woods! #FungiFriday, Naturalist Dave Brumfield: "Similar to what happens to our blood, the two-colored bolete mushroom has a chemical inside that turns blue when exposed to oxygen. If you puncture the mushroom, you'll see this effect." #FungiFriday, It's "Fungi Friday!" There are over 1,000 different varieties of mushrooms and fungi in your Metro Parks...today we'll be sharing a few photos and fun facts.  #FungiFriday, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I caught this great spangled fritillary in the open and closed position. I don't know which is more beautiful. I love it both ways." (photo taken at Hampton Hills Metro Park), "For a fun time, gimme a ring, Sugar.", Throwback Thursday, from Naturalist Sarah Putnam: "The location of our Gorge Metro Park was once the site of Riverview Park, a 1920s amusement park and dance hall that had an impressive half-mile rollercoaster and free band concerts to enjoy." #tbt at Gorge Metro Park, Volunteer Robert George shares this view of the recent storms, as seen from F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Volunteer Rob Blair: "Though they look quite different from one another, these photos were taken from the same spot and within 15 minutes of one another." #beautifulsunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park, Naturalist Meghan Doran: "This is a cricket called a handsome trig. No other cricket looks like this one, hence the name." (photo by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), This waxwing is enjoying the sun at Munroe Falls Metro Park  (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This viceroy butterfly looks a lot like a monarch, but it isn't.", Our largest natural area, Liberty Park in Twinsburg, is now 3,000 acres! Summit Metro Parks has entered into a deal with the Ohio Department of Natural Resources (ODNR) to acquire 1,000 acres from the state. 

Officials have signed a 25-year management agreement with ODNR for Tinkers Creek State Park in Streetsboro and Tinkers Creek State Nature Preserve in Aurora. Both areas make up a combined 1,141 acres and are contiguous with the district’s 2,000-acre Liberty Park in Twinsburg, Twinsburg Township and Reminderville. The deal also transfers management of the 6-acre Portage Lakes Wetland State Nature Preserve, a sphagnum bog surrounded by Portage Lakes State Park in Akron, and the 18-acre Karlo Fen, a wetland about 12 miles southeast of Akron.

According to the agreement, Summit Metro Parks rangers will patrol the park areas, and the district may make facility and trail improvements over time, if needed, in Tinkers Creek. The Portage Lakes Wetland and Karlo Fen areas have no public access and will remain conservation areas.

With the ODNR agreement, Summit Metro Parks now manages 12,944 total acres. Our 14 parks and more than 125 miles of trails see more than 5 million visits every year., A shy frog at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Park visitor Wes Skeels shared this photo of a sharp looking red-tailed hawk, as seen when visiting Goodyear Heights Metro Park, Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted this marbled orb weaver at Liberty Park., The always-beautiful tiger swallowtail (photo by volunteer Rob Blair at Munroe Falls Metro Park, Volunteer Jeff Hill photographed this great blue heron at Firestone Metro Park, Black swallowtail butterfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Joe Prekop, Jr. took these photos of various plants in Munroe Falls Metro Park, Volunteer Tim Hite "spotted" this spotted touch-me-not at Gorge Metro Park, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "These Damselflies were laying eggs in the reeds at Hampton Hills Metro Park.", Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: "While hiking, look down so you don’t miss the little critters! I saw this carrion beetle, who feeds on dead matter, on a recent trip to Springfield Bog Metro Park. The beetle was trying to move his dinner off the trail and out of sight.", This chickadee is enjoying breakfast along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Jerry Cannon shares these "creatures of the night," photographed at Silver Creek Metro Park, OUR NEW CONCRETE! Who walked through it? Actually, we're building a new nature center here in Liberty Park, at 9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg, and the walkway will feature interpretive elements. These are Paleo-Indian footprints. Stay tuned for more ..., A fawn at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), A skipper enjoys the hues of summer at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Because it was awesome, here's another look at Sunday's "supermoon" (photo by volunteer Joe Prekop, Jr. at Munroe Falls Metro Park), Our volunteer photographers snap many beautiful butterflies, but in this photo volunteer Jeff Hill captures a unique butterfly shadow., Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon: "I saw this guy at Liberty Park. I can sure see where he gets his name of long-tailed salamander.", Summit Metro Parks biologist Marlo Perdicas witnessed this young barred owl in Silver Creek Metro Park in Norton, Ohio. Perdicas said: "It was making its begging call in the hope that its mama would bring it a meal. At the end of the video, after the owl flies, you can see the eyes of a sibling shining from the camera light.", Finally, a clear night! (We hope.) Join us TONIGHT as we attempt to view the Perseids., After snapping this photo on a recent hike, Naturalist Meghan Doran suggests: "Now is the perfect time to visit Springfield Bog Metro Park. The pollinators are literally having a field day!", Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon calls this shot "Frog Prince" (photo taken at Springfield Bog Metro Park), Blue jay at Firestone Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon: "My first Buckeye butterfly of the season. I love this butterfly.", Both a male and female cardinal, photographed by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, An incredible look at the "supermoon" (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Mother Nature hasn't exactly been on our side this summer. The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, 1828 Smith Rd., Akron, will remain partially closed as a contractor continues to remove dirt from the underground structure and waterproof the building. We had hoped to resume normal hours Tuesday, 8/12, but rain Monday and predicted storms Tuesday are pushing back some of the work. The 104-acre park, its trails and restrooms will remain open during the extended closure, and visitors may still call 330-865-8065 during regular center hours with questions about upcoming programs or local wildlife., Spicebush swallowtail in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this indigo bunting in flight over the prairie in Springfield Bog Metro Park., Volunteer photographer Doug Dawes snapped this photo along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Can you "guess that dragon?", When nice weather is the forecast, head out to Munroe Falls Metro Park or Silver Creek Metro Park to take advantage of the final week of lake swimming! Swim season ends August 17., Have you watched our animated YouTube video featuring Bark the dog? Now we're wrapping up a new animated video that introduces viewers to Belle. (Get it? She's a bike bell.) In the short clip, Belle will share safety tips for our multipurpose trails: Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, the Metro Parks Freedom Trail and the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Stay tuned ..., Widow skimmer at Furnace Run Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Green heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photos by volunteer Doug Dawes), The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm remains closed as a contractor removes dirt from the underground structure and waterproofs the building. Heavy rain has pushed back some of the work. The earliest the building will reopen is Tuesday, 8/12, at 10 a.m. The 104-acre park, its trails and restrooms will remain open during the closure, and visitors may still call 330-865-8065 during regular center hours with questions about upcoming programs or local wildlife. Regular hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m., Volunteer photographer Doug Dawes calls this one "Oh Snap!" (Photo taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), We have colorful fish in Ohio, right here in our back yard. Only three inches in length, rainbow darters prefer fast-moving currents of creeks and small rivers with gravel or rocky-bottoms. These fish are sensitive to pollution and silt, so they are only found in clean, pollution-free streams. - Naturalist Intern Jessie Schwartz (Photo credit: Ohio Department of Natural Resources), Silver-spotted skipper at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Morning sun rays at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "There were several of these sunning themselves along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by the Mustill store.", Program information for upcoming months is available at summitmetroparks.org. Check out all there is to do for adults and/or kids, and make plans to take advantage of hundreds of free and fun opportunities! (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Throwback Thursday: Sand Run Metro Park's Wadsworth Shelter, 1931 #tbt, Killdeer at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm remains closed as a contractor removes dirt from the underground structure and waterproofs the building. Heavy rain has pushed back some of the work. The earliest the building will reopen is next Tuesday, 8/12, at 10 a.m. The 104-acre park, its trails and restrooms will remain open during the closure, and visitors may still call 330-865-8065 during regular center hours with questions about upcoming programs or local wildlife. Regular hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m., The beautiful Eastern comma at O'Neil Woods Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer photographer Rob Blair snapped this groundhog at Munroe Falls Metro Park, It was another "frog bonanza" according to volunteer Robert Roach. He said, upon visiting F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, "The more I looked in the herb pond, the more I saw.", Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "It's exciting every time I see a monarch.", We'll give it a try tonight ... The concert will be cancelled if it rains, but admission is free for swimming or hiking from 5 to 8 p.m., Eastern carpenter bee along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (photo by volunteer Tami Hill), The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm remains closed as a contractor removes dirt from the underground structure and waterproofs the building. Heavy rain has pushed back some of the work. The earliest the building will reopen is next Tuesday, 8/12, at 10 a.m. The 104-acre park, its trails and restrooms will remain open during the closure, and visitors may still call 330-865-8065 during regular center hours with questions about upcoming programs or local wildlife. Regular hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m., This family of Orchard orioles is enjoying Springfield Bog Metro Park...bring your family and do the same! (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Can you spot two turtles in this photo? They were photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by volunteer Jeff Hill., Hooded warbler at  Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Halloween Pennant at Springfield Bog Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Great Golden Digger wasp, spotted at O'Neil Woods Metro Park by volunteer Jerry Cannon, A neat angle shows off this Tiger Swallowtail at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photos by volunteer Doug Dawes), Osprey in flight over the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), This Five-lined Skink was seen along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. The blue color of its tail indicates that it is immature. This is the only lizard found within Summit Metro Parks. (photos by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Sunlight shows off the vibrant color of the Indigo Bunting (photo by volunteer Rob Blair at Springfield Bog Metro Park), Take advantage of lake swimming and fun at Munroe Falls Metro Park or Silver Creek Metro Park now through August 17!, Here's to seeing things from a new perspective! (White-breasted Nuthatch photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon: I saw this beauty (Spicebush Swallowtail) flitting around at O'Neil Woods Metro Park., The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm will close at noon today (8/1) and remain closed through 10 a.m. Tuesday (8/5). A contractor is in the process of removing dirt from the underground structure and waterproofing the building. The 104-acre park and its trails will remain open during the closure, and a free outdoor concert Sunday (8/3) at 5:30 p.m. will still be offered. Regular center hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday., We're looking for the "stars" of next year's Summer Biking Spree ads. Are you doing the spree? Add a comment and tell us what you like about the spree and our trails., Eastern Tiger Swallowtail (photos by volunteer Jeff Hill), Bee Balm and Black-eyed Susan at Furnace Run Metro Park in Richfield (photos by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Enjoy this image (from volunteer Bob Roach) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our August '14 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, Volunteer Rob Blair: Have I ever told you that I love the Metro Parks? What a photographer's paradise it has been recently, especially in the early morning.

He captured this majestic scene at Springfield Bog Metro Park., Chipmunks hanging out both high and low at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photos by volunteer Jeff Hill), If you haven't visited Springfield Bog Metro Park before, now is the time to do it. The flowered meadows are at their best. (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer photographer Debbie DiCarlo: I visited Munroe Falls Metro Park for the first time this weekend. What a great park!, It may feel a little like fall, but this summer concert is still happening tonight at 7 in Firestone Metro Park. Click for details., A Hummingbird moth enjoys F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photos by volunteer Jeff Hill), The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is partially closed this week for construction. A contractor is in the process of removing dirt from the underground structure and waterproofing the building. Only the lobby and restrooms will be accessible during regular hours, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday., Volunteer photographer Doug Dawes calls this shot "You Gonna Share That?" Photo taken on the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., Volunteer photographer Rob Blair captured a magical evening scene at Munroe Falls Metro Park, We're looking for the "stars" of next year's Summer Biking Spree ads. Are you doing the spree? Add a comment and tell us what you like about the spree and our trails., Butterflies can be seen in many places around the Metro Parks, but these were photographed by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., A red-tailed hawk soars through the treetops at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), A chipmunk on a rock at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon: "This log was in high demand for various reasons at Hampton Hills Metro Park.", Volunteer photographer Jeff Hill's wife had the rare opportunity to hand-feed a cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Great blue heron at Gorge Metro Park (photo by volunteer Tim Hite), This great spangled fritillary was enjoying the blooms at Munroe Falls Metro Park (photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Naturalist Meghan Doran: Have you ever wondered who is making that bird-like trill as you are trying to fall asleep at night? This sound is not a bird at all; it’s actually made by the gray treefrog, a small amphibian that is hardly ever seen, due to its excellent camouflage. These sticky-toed creatures can be found in many places, and possibly your back yard!, 07-25-14 News: The 1.1-mile Ledges Trail in Liberty Park, 9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg, will be closed tomorrow, 7/26, as a contractor paves a new flat, easy trail that crosses the existing path. The paved trail may open later this year. It is part of several site improvements under way including a 3,900-square-foot nature center, small outdoor amphitheater and a picnic shelter, which are expected to open in spring. (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), These photos, taken by volunteer Jerry Cannon, offer a glimpse of the construction progress at the site of the new nature center at Liberty Park. The building will open next spring. Details at summitmetroparks.org., Explore the many colors of Northeast Ohio's dragonflies, A recent sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer photographer Doug Dawes calls this photo "Redwing Protest." How would you caption this shot?, The butterfly gardens are in bloom at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I watched this dragonfly at Hampton Hills Metro Park in the process of coming out of his nymph stage. The process was very slow and I gave up without seeing the finished process. I'm wondering if the spider on his back had hopes of a meal or if he was just curious, too.", Volunteer Kevin Lanterman was in Munroe Falls Metro Park last week. He said a storm skirted the western boundary of the Tallmadge Meadows Area and offered up this small rainbow., GOOD NEWS! The 1.8-mile Deer Run Trail in O'Neil Woods Metro Park (2550 Martin Rd., Bath) has reopened following weeks of work to repair storm damage sustained May 12. Crews have rerouted about a quarter mile of the trail using sustainable techniques including the use of switchbacks and avoiding areas that have been washed out in recent years., Have you walked or biked the 4-mile Metro Parks Freedom Trail in Tallmadge? It opened last summer, and it will eventually extend to Downtown Akron. On Monday, volunteers Jeff and Tami Hill captured these photos from the trail., Volunteer Bob Roach visited F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm over the weekend. He said it was "a frog bonanza" Sunday., The Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photos by volunteer Rob Blair), "You don’t have to explore the sea to enjoy this type of coral! Although it looks like it belongs in a Caribbean reef, the violet coral fungus grows in our woods. I took this photo last week in Sand Run Metro Park, along Dogwood Trail. There are many different types of coral fungi, all of which have some kind of upright branches. These mushrooms play a very important role in our forests. The violet coral helps by breaking down dead leaves and woody material, thus providing rich soil in which plants and wildlife will thrive. Since they are brightly colored and shaped like ocean coral, they are usually easy to spot." - Naturalist Dave Brumfield, Volunteer Rob Blair, after visiting Springfield Bog Metro Park: "It has truly been incredible out there." Hashtag, understatement., We took this photo of the Harter Barn complex in Silver Creek Metro Park last week. The silos and granary (smaller stand-alone building) were built circa 1945. The barn (next to the silos) was built circa 1855, and added on to circa 1890. The arched structure (behind the silos) was built circa 1910., Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed these green herons late last week along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Hummingbird moth in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Indigo bunting in Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Bee balm at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Tami Hill), The Summer Biking Spree is a great way to spend your Sunday. Through August 31, ride sections of the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, the Metro Parks Freedom Trail and Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail to earn rewards. Details at summitmetroparks.org., White-tailed deer in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), We'll call this one "Nature's Bouquet." Volunteer Jeff Hill photographed this Monday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., "Swim Lessons" at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Twelve-spotted skimmer dragonfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), IT'S FRIDAY! Will your weekend include the Summer Biking Spree? Through August 31, ride sections of the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, the Metro Parks Freedom Trail and Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail to earn rewards. Details at summitmetroparks.org., Indigo bunting at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Our naturalists and biologists recently hosted a public program about bats in Furnace Run Metro Park. Attendees learned about Ohio species and how we net and band bats to study them. For more great, FREE programs, visit summitmetroparks.org. (Photos by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Red-winged blackbird in Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Chipmunk, with a mouthful, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Indigo bunting in flight at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jeff Hill photographed these rabbits at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. One looks a little older, wiser and less amused at having its photo taken., Volunteer Jerry Cannon, on the pearl crescent butterfly: "This butterfly might be small, but he is one of my favorites. The detailing is beautiful.", Naturalist Renell Simrau: "The electric buzzing you hear in the morning around wetlands could be the buzz of swamp cicadas calling. Most other types of cicadas call from the tree tops." (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon, in Silver Creek Metro Park.), Queen Anne's Lace: It's not native, but it's beautiful -- especially here. (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair, in Munroe Falls Metro Park), Looks like a GREAT night for a FREE outdoor concert. Click the link for details. Hear the band at the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail's SR 91 / Brust Park Trailhead., "Butterflies" at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. The visitors center, at 1828 Smith Rd., Akron, is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. Admission is always FREE. (Photo by volunteer Suzie Dawes), "Golden Hour" in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), We've shared some beautiful images of blooms, birds and dragonflies in Springfield Bog Metro Park, 1400 Portage Line Rd., Springfield Twp. If you go, don't miss the short (and unmarked) walk to this pretty overlook, not far from the parking lot near the end of the hike. You'll see dozens of dragons and frogs. (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), "This plant is appropriately named. The bees love it." - Volunteer Jerry Cannon, who photographed this bee balm Sunday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Yesterday we posted an image of sunbeams along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. The photographer, volunteer Tami Hill, sent us several similar photos last week. Since the first was well received, here's another ..., Blue dasher dragonfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Tami Hill), American goldfinch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Sunlight shining through the trees along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Virginia ctenucha moth in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Guess the Spot! Do you know where volunteer Tami Hill snapped this scene?, Volunteer Bob Roach captured this beautiful photograph of a painted lady butterfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., #FeatheredFriday: "I saw this immature hawk at the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail at Hudson Drive. It was being harassed by a blue jay." - Volunteer Jerry Cannon, #FeatheredFriday: Female red-winged blackbird at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), #FeatheredFriday: Red-winged blackbird at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), #FeatheredFriday: Northern bobwhite quail in Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Here's our third great macro of the week from volunteer Rob Blair. He spotted this common house spider on its web in Munroe Falls Metro Park., null, We saw dozens of these webs this morning in front of our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park. Naturalist Meghan Doran said they're the work of grass spiders. The red arrow points to the funnel, where a spider will wait until it senses a vibration from prey. Although these weavers may look intimidating, they will retreat into their funnels if you get close. The webs are made at night, and on dewy mornings (or following an evening rain) they are more noticeable., Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this indigo bunting Wednesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. A great shot and a unique perspective!, Monarch on milkweed (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes, in Munroe Falls Metro Park), Volunteer Tim Hite shot this moon close-up shortly after the fireworks settled., Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this leaf-footed bug nymph in Hampton Hills Metro Park. Jerry called it "an odd-looking bug," and we tend to agree., Poopy boots are a problem, but they don't have to be. Remember to "bag the doo-doo!", Savannah sparrow in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Twelve-spotted skimmer dragonfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), WOW. That was our reaction when we first saw this macro image from volunteer Rob Blair. He explains: "It's an extreme close-up of dew drops on a long blade of grass in Munroe Falls Metro Park. I turned the image upside down so that the refraction of the meadow would be right-side up. I call this a 100% organic fisheye lens effect.", American goldfinch in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), Tonight's concert has been cancelled, but we'll still offer free swimming from 5 to 8 p.m. (if conditions permit)., Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo, on the "guard robin" she photographed July 4 at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm: "(It was) making sure guests obeyed the message on the sign." Apparently, the worm didn't listen., Volunteer Rob Blair spent some time with his macro lens last weekend. He describes this image, shot in Munroe Falls Metro Park: "(This) is a result of the combination of dew drops in the background refracting the spectral light from the sun. The pink color to the right would be that of a clover flower.", If you've never been to Springfield Bog Metro Park (1400 Portage Line Rd., Springfield Twp.), or if it's been a while since your visit, now is the time to go. Volunteer Jeff Hill celebrated Independence Day with a walk of the park's Prairie Trail. Lucky for us, he took his camera., Common yellowthroat in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photos by volunteer Doug Dawes), "Don't tread on me," wrote volunteer Debbie Casanova after a bike ride last Thursday on the Metro Parks Freedom Trail. She and husband Alan saw this snake that had lost part of its tail., Like you, we didn't want the holiday weekend to end. So let's relive it with a photo from volunteer Jerry Cannon, who spotted our bike patrol volunteers and Cheeks the chipmunk in the Stow Fourth of July parade., Wood ducks at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Twelve-spotted skimmer at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Jerry Cannon captured something great with these two photos from Springfield Bog Metro Park: the female red-wing blackbird's response (or lack of) to the noisy male. We know what she's thinking, but we won't put it in writing., Indigo bunting at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), "I'm not sure why I'm sending (the image of) the frog hiding at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. I gave up on trying to figure out what people like." - Volunteer Bob Roach, The 165-acre prairie in Springfield Bog Metro Park is near peak-bloom. The park is at 1400 Portage Line Rd., Springfield Twp., and it includes an easy 1.6-mile trail. Be sure to wear sunscreen and/or a hat. There's little shade. (Photos taken last weekend by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Happy Independence Day! (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Debbie DiCarlo) #July4, Volunteer Jeff Hill photographed these red-bellied woodpeckers at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., This is the first weekend for our 2nd annual Summer Biking Spree, which continues through August 31 on our multipurpose trails: Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, Metro Parks Freedom Trail and Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Complete five rides to earn rewards. Forms are available online, at Century Cycles - Peninsula and at all Acme Fresh Market stores. Details at summitmetroparks.org, or call 330-865-8065., The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is open July 4, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission is always FREE. Join us!, Naturalist Pat Rydquist: "The large eye-spots on the bottom wings of the io moth are used to frighten potential predators. This beautiful 2- to 3-inch moth came to black lights we set up during a recent program in Furnace Run Metro Park. You might have one of these moths in your yard if you have clover, maple, oak or willow trees." (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova photographed not one, not two, but THREE osprey juveniles in the Wilbeth Road nest. See them for yourself from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, a little south of Downtown Akron., Volunteer Rob Blair, on his recent image of a cedar waxwing in Munroe Falls Metro Park: "I thought this one turned out pretty nice." Hashtag, understatement., Last night's sunset was pretty spectacular. This isn't it, but it's a beautiful post-storm sunset from earlier in the week, shot by volunteer Kevin Lanterman at Munroe Falls Metro Park., This (adorable) little turtle found a good resting spot: F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Red-bellied woodpeckers at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photos by volunteer Doug Dawes), The Summer Biking Spree started yesterday. Complete five trail sections through 8/31 to earn rewards!, "Who, ME?" (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), A chance of rain in the forecast, but we're moving forward. (It's called being optimistic.), It's HOT and MUGGY today. (You probably noticed.) Find some shade, some water and relax. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), It's here! The Summer Biking Spree begins today and continues through August 31 on our multipurpose trails: Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, Metro Parks Freedom Trail and Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Complete five rides to earn rewards. Forms are available online, at Century Cycles - Peninsula and at all Acme Fresh Market stores. Details at summitmetroparks.org, or call 330-865-8065., Volunteer Rob Blair shares two images from Munroe Falls Metro Park, shot Sunday as the weekend came to a close. "One is a merged exposure during sunset, and the other is a single exposure taken during the afterglow," Rob emailed. Not to be outdone, Kevin Lanterman offers up a third look. Said Kevin: "After a stormy afternoon, the sky yielded a pretty sunset in the (park's) Tallmadge Meadows Area.", Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I saw these dew drops form at Hampton Hills Metro Park while we were doing a bat survey. It was very humid. They looked like jewels in the light.", Here's something you don't see every day: a deer running stairs. Volunteers shared the video, which they took along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Your Public Dollars at Work: A crew from our operations department is building a new boardwalk on Alder Trail in Goodyear Heights Metro Park. Until it's completed, Alder is an out-and-back trail; you can't complete the loop. But we hope to have the boardwalk done this week., Mr. & Mrs. Grosbeak at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), ALL-DRAGONS WEEKEND: Common whitetail dragonfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), ALL-DRAGONS WEEKEND: Female widow skimmer dragonfly in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), ALL-DRAGONS WEEKEND: Eastern amberwing dragonfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), ALL-DRAGONS WEEKEND: Blue dasher dragonfly in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Nikki Nisly), ALL-DRAGONS WEEKEND: Volunteer Jeff Hill offers up three looks at a twelve-spotted skimmer dragonfly in Goodyear Heights Metro Park., ALL-DRAGONS WEEKEND: Volunteer Bob Roach recently photographed this painted skimmer dragonfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., ALL-DRAGONS WEEKEND: Here's a stunning combination of color and beauty: the calico pennant dragonfly. Volunteer Jerry Cannon shared this photo after a visit Tuesday to Springfield Bog Metro Park. "I don't get to see these very often," he said., Enjoy this image (from volunteer Debbie DiCarlo) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our July '14 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, This is the LAST WEEKEND for Spree For All, our hiking series for all abilities on flat, easy trails. Complete five hikes to earn rewards. Forms, available online and at all Acme Fresh Market stores, can be turned in through August 15. Details at summitmetroparks.org, or call 330-865-8065., "Snapped my shutter at the right time," emailed volunteer Bob Roach after visiting F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. "(The worm) almost looks like a cobra. I'm sure it looks like a meal to the robin.", Here's our official "feeder inspector," according to volunteer Jeff Hill, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Broad-winged hawk over F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), It looks to be a beautiful day in the Metro Parks. And although our beach at Silver Creek Metro Park remains closed due to flooding, the swimming area in Munroe Falls Metro Park is open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Bring the little ones! Daily admission is $4/adults, $3/ages 2 to 12. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), "Yellowthroat in Song" (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes, along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Ever see a turtle doing push-ups? Now you have. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), "This bobwhite (quail) was calling to me in Springfield Bog Metro Park. What a beautiful call and equally as beautiful a bird." - Volunteer Jerry Cannon, Pop-bottle Greenhouse: Young visitors build one at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Volunteer Jeff Hill recently photographed this pretty (and likely very "chatty") red-winged blackbird in Goodyear Heights Metro Park., S'mores from Acme Fresh Market? Yes, please! Click for details ..., Tonight!, That's quite a catch! Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this hungry heron at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm over the weekend., Volunteer Kim Ardelian photographed this snapping turtle along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail. She emailed: "He was letting it all hang out.", On Tuesday, young visitors in our "Camp Connect" program at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm will help with assembling a new greenhouse built with 2-liter bottles. Stay tuned for news about its completion ... (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), There's one week left of Spree For All, our May-June hiking series on flat, easy trails. Hike five times before 7/1 to earn hiking rewards. Details are available at summitmetroparks.org. Hiking forms are on our website and at all Acme Fresh Market stores in Summit County., Naturalist Dave Brumfield offered a guided hike Saturday to the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, where bank swallows are easily seen above the Cuyahoga River. Brumfield said everyone on the hike had a bird's-eye-view of the beautiful birds. See for yourself! The flat, easy, half-mile trail begins at 354 Sackett Ave., Akron., Twelve-spotted skimmer at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Bob Roach offers us a tale of two herons: a great blue and a green, both photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail near the Manchester Road Trailhead., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I spotted this guy sitting on the hose reel at my house. He was very small, but I could tell he would make a good macro shot." What is it, you ask? Naturalist Pat Rydquist identified this moth as a maple callus borer., Eastern bluebird in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Volunteer Bob Roach, after a visit to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm: "This turtle was the smallest one I have ever seen. It was about 2 inches from nose to tail.", The dot-tailed whiteface dragonfly: "One of those species that is named for its looks," emailed volunteer Jerry Cannon. He spotted this one at Hampton Hills Metro Park., Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this young snapper Tuesday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Garter snake at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Tim Hite recently captured this great close-up of an eastern tiger swallowtail in Gorge Metro Park., #FeatheredFriday: "Mallard Family" at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), #FeatheredFriday: Great blue heron in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), #FeatheredFriday: "It helps to spread your wings now and then. This turkey vulture was doing just that at Tallmadge Meadows." - Volunteer Jerry Cannon, after visiting Munroe Falls Metro Park, #FeatheredFriday: Red-winged blackbird in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This little guy in Clinton was only about the size of a quarter. About as cute as you can get." It's a tree frog, and Jerry saw him along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., null, Maybe next time this snapper will be better prepared for its close-up. (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill, at Goodyear Heights Metro Park), We found the one guy who LOVES all this rain. (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Female common whitetail dragonfly in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Tami Hill), Ox-eye daisy in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), You could EASILY complete 26 miles over several weeks this summer. We manage more than 125 miles of trails!, Blue dasher dragonfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), We got a lot of rain last night in Greater Akron, and there's more on the way this week. Remember: It could be worse. (Photo by Alan and Debbie Casanova, taken 12 weeks ago on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Click the link to complete a brief online survey about the future of Sand Run Metro Park in Akron. Responses will be collected through Friday, June 20 at 4:30 p.m. http://bit.ly/SMP-SandRun14Survey, Black swallowtail in Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Summit Metro Parks naturalists are still collecting clear 2-liter bottles to build a greenhouse in a new discovery area at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. The area will highlight several unique things that can be done in a typical urban back yard using recycled and repurposed items. More than 1,000 bottles are needed to complete the 8-foot by 10-foot structure. Bring your bottles to the visitors center, at 1828 Smith Rd., Akron, over the next week or so. Hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday., The annual Amateur Photography Exhibit is on display now at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. See great photos from visitors and volunteers on your next visit. Hours for the visitors center, at 1828 Smith Rd. in Akron, are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday., Northern bobwhite quail in Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), The first person to correctly guess the number of tadpoles here will win ... OK, we couldn't do that to you, and we didn't have the patience to count, either. (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill, in Springfield Bog Metro Park), Which wild turkey image do you like better? We can't decide. (Photos by volunteer Doug Dawes, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Summer officially begins later this week. This blue dasher dragonfly is so thrilled it's doing a handstand. (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon, at Hampton Hills Metro Park. The Spring Hollow Trail reopened last week, but Adam Run is still closed due to storm damage.), Little Turtle: "Dad, I forgot your Father's Day card." Big Turtle: "Son, I love ya, but I can't even look at you right now." (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite, taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Volunteer Doug Dawes sent us this image of a northern cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Doug said the bird seems to be asking, "You thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?", Volunteer Joe Prekop sent us this great close-up of skunk cabbage in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. It's fairly common, so you may not have ever taken a closer look. Thanks to Joe, there's no denying the beauty of its giant leaves., Just two full weeks left to complete Spree For All, our hiking series for all abilities on flat, easy trails. Earn rewards through June 30! For details, visit our website, summitmetroparks.org., Have YOU seen the view from the Overlook Deck? It's in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (354 Sackett Ave., Akron). You'll forget you're in the city when you're standing high above the Cuyahoga River, surrounded by trees., Is that snow? No, it’s just cottonwood seeds flying through the air. But don't worry; these seeds are not causing your allergies to flare up. The pollen from these massive trees was released several weeks earlier. - Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Summer Celebration: Enjoy FREE lake swimming today (06/14/14) until 8 p.m. at Munroe Falls Metro Park (521 S. River Rd., Munroe Falls) and Silver Creek Metro Park (5000 Hametown Rd., Norton)., Though we've dubbed him the Cardinal Whisperer, volunteer Bob Roach enjoys photographing dragonflies as much as birds. He found this 12-spotted skimmer Wednesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., #FeatheredFriday: Scarlet tanager in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), #FeatheredFriday: Gray catbird in F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), News about Hampton Hills Metro Park and O'Neil Woods Metro Park ..., #FeatheredFriday: "Stare Down" (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), #FeatheredFriday: Cedar waxwing in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Click the link to complete a brief online survey about the future of Sand Run Metro Park in Akron. Responses will be collected through Friday, June 20 at 4:30 p.m. http://bit.ly/SMP-SandRun14Survey, We love this snapper photo from volunteer Jeff Hill, taken earlier this week in Goodyear Heights Metro Park. With that expression, it deserves a caption. Whatcha got for us?, We hosted a container gardening workshop last week at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). We still have a sample container at the naturalist-on-duty desk in the visitors center. Stop by to learn more. Hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday., Volunteer Doug Dawes snapped this image at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. At quick glance it looks like an illusion, perhaps a reflection., Mother Goose and goslings in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), "Kung Fu" Spider. That's how volunteer Jerry Cannon identified this creature in Silver Creek Metro Park. He emailed, "This little guy seemed to have an attitude.", Pileated woodpecker in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Red admiral butterfly in Silver Creek Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Last week, volunteer Jennie Levy spotted this snapper laying eggs in a Summit County park. But they didn't last long, as it looks like raccoons found them., Great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Join us TONIGHT in the swim area at Silver Creek Metro Park, at 5000 Hametown Rd., Norton., Singing meadowlark in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), An update on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail's nesting ospreys, from volunteer Jerry Cannon: "Baby was happy to see Dad come home with lunch." He took this photo last Thursday at the Wilbeth Road Trailhead in Akron., "Something's fishy," wrote volunteer Doug Dawes after a visit to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. "This looks like a real-life version of a Charlie Harper work.", Click the link to complete a brief online survey about the future of Sand Run Metro Park in Akron. Responses will be collected through Friday, June 20 at 4:30 p.m. http://bit.ly/SMP-SandRun14Survey, Eastern Pondhawk Dragonfly: "This ferocious mid-sized dragonfly eats anything it can catch, from deer flies, horseflies and butterflies to other dragonflies as big as itself." - Ohio Division of Wildlife (Photo by Summit Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach, taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Happy to host this group at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Eastern bluebird in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Great action shot from a visitor to Furnace Run Metro Park!, What an action shot! Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this spotted skipper in flight at Munroe Falls Metro Park., One of our project managers saw this black rat snake on the parking lot pavement in Liberty Park earlier in the week. Now who wants to go for a hike?, Hungry for lunch? Volunteer Jeff Hill photographed this hungry great blue heron in Goodyear Heights Metro Park. What a catch!, Naturalist Mike Greene: "It's a great time for dragonfly watching at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm! Here are just two of the many types of dragonflies, and their cousins the damselflies, observed the past few days in the park's ponds. Both the painted skimmer and the swamp darner are considered uncommon, and mostly out only in June, so folks should try to get out soon to search for these two." (Photos by volunteers Doug Dawes and Bob Roach), #FeatheredFriday: "Back Off." That's what volunteer Doug Dawes titled this photo of two red-tails, taken in Munroe Falls Metro Park., #FeatheredFriday: American redstart in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), #FeatheredFriday: Wood duck in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), #FeatheredFriday: Great blue heron in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), #FeatheredFriday: Cedar waxwings in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), #FeatheredFriday: Yellow-rumped warbler in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), #FeatheredFriday: Male cardinal along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I saw these two damselflies in the process of laying eggs in a reed. Above them you can see the old casings of other damsels. Hence my title, 'Beginning to End.' ", View from the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, at 354 Sackett Ave., Akron (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Bob Roach spotted this damselfly, an ebony jewelwing, on a recent hike on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., What if we told you blue jays, cardinals and sparrows would be extinct in two years? That's what is happening to our local bat populations. Hear bad news, and good news, about local bats, from WKSU., Volunteer Rob Blair recently captured this meadowlark in flight in the Tallmadge Meadows Area, part of Munroe Falls Metro Park., It's National Running Day! Are you training for the Akron Marathon in the Metro Parks? There's still time to prep for the full, half or relay (09/27/14), and today may be a great day to start. (Akron Marathon photos in Sand Run Metro Park by Summit Metro Parks volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Volunteer Rob Blair shared these images of indigo buntings in Munroe Falls Metro Park, but we couldn't choose our favorite. Which do YOU like best?, Beautiful blooms at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photos by volunteer Joe Prekop), Osprey Chick(s) at Wilbeth Road! Volunteer Debbie Casanova sent us the following, after riding the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron with husband Alan: "They only gave us a quick glimpse. One adult called, then left the nest. The little one popped its head up, and the second adult came flying in." Do we see two chicks here? "None of our pictures can confirm there is a second chick.", This morning's (06/03/14) spectacular sunrise in Munroe Falls Metro Park, from volunteer Rob Blair, Join us TONIGHT (6/3) at 5 for free lake swimming, with a concert at 6:30. Click the link for details., Join us TONIGHT (6/3) to learn about possible changes to Sand Run Metro Park. Click the link for details., An insider's view of Glacier Cave in Liberty Park, at 9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg (Photo by Tami Hill), What should you do if you see an "abandoned" baby animal? Generally, nothing. More than 80% of baby animals picked up or touched by people in the wild are not really orphans, and you can do more harm than good by "helping." With deer, if you think a fawn is abandoned, the mother is likely out grazing. If you approach or touch the baby deer, you can add scent that may attract predators. And if you scare away a fawn, it could make it difficult for Mom to find it. ALWAYS observe baby animals from a distance., The prairie in Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by Tami Hill), Bluegill at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Ruby-throated hummingbird in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), "Attention Bob White." That was the message from volunteer Doug Dawes, who sent this image of a bobwhite quail in Springfield Bog Metro Park. We introduced the species in the park earlier this year, and we'll soon do the same in Silver Creek Metro Park., Wild geranium in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Scarlet tanager in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Today marks the start of the second (and final) month of Spree For All, our hiking series for all abilities on flat, easy trails. Earn rewards through June 30! For details, visit our website, summitmetroparks.org., A meadowlark in a meadow. Imagine. (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes, in the Tallmadge Meadows Area of Munroe Falls Metro Park), Volunteer Bob Roach witnessed "take off" on a recent trip to Firestone Metro Park. The female red-winged blackbird is less colorful than the male, but no less beautiful., Does this barn look familiar? It's across the street from the Overlook Deck (354 Sackett Ave., Akron) and located on a conservation area within Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), #FeatheredFriday: Volunteer Jim Childs saw this yellow warbler last week in Munroe Falls Metro Park. It looks rather interested in the photographer., #FeatheredFriday: Oriole in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), #FeatheredFriday: American goldfinch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), #FeatheredFriday: Naturalist Meghan Doran - "Visit the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (354 Sackett Ave., Akron) to see one of our busiest birds. Bank swallows return from South America year after year to dig their nests in the sandy cliffs here. Using their feet and beaks, the swallows burrow through almost two feet of dirt to lay their eggs. You can also hear them buzzing over the sledding hill in the park's Oxbow Area while they are catching bugs. To see and learn more about these amazing architects, join Naturalist Dave Brumfield for a guided hike Saturday, June 21 at 9 a.m., at the Overlook parking lot." (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), #FeatheredFriday: Wild turkey in Liberty Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), #FeatheredFriday: Song sparrow in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), #FeatheredFriday: Canada warbler in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), #FeatheredFriday: Indigo bunting in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), The Board of Park Commissioners is seeking input on the possible expansion of the board from three to five members. Public comments may be submitted online through Friday at 4:30 p.m. Click the link to complete a short survey. (Facebook comments will not be tallied.) https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/GFQ3S7Q, The American toad can really blend in, but that didn't stop volunteer Jeff Hill from spotting this one in Liberty Park in Twinsburg., Pearl crescent in Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), "Bet she has her 'wings' full with this brood," emailed volunteer Debbie Casanova. She and husband Alan, two Bike Patrol volunteers, saw this busy mom near the Manchester Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Volunteer Bob Roach spotted this white-throated sparrow on a recent visit to Firestone Metro Park in Akron., HELP! Our naturalists are collecting clear 2-liter plastic bottles to build a greenhouse in a new discovery area at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. It will feature recycled and repurposed items. More than 1,000 bottles are needed to complete the 8-foot by 10-foot structure (pictured), which is already framed out. Through June 20, bring your bottles to the visitors center during regular hours: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday., With warmer weather: More people in the Metro Parks. More pets. More "doo-doo." Remember to bag it and toss it in the trash., Virginia creeper along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), What did YOU get in the mail today? Here's what the carrier brought us., The Board of Park Commissioners is seeking input on the possible expansion of the board from three to five members. Public comments may be submitted online through Friday at 4:30 p.m. Click the link to complete a short survey. (Facebook comments will not be tallied.) https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/GFQ3S7Q, Veery in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Enjoy this image (from volunteer Jeff Hill) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our June '14 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, A recent sunrise in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Rob Blair, following a visit to Munroe Falls Metro Park: "I thought I caught him red-handed, but he claimed to be a new volunteer 'waste management assistant.' ", Naturalist Dave Brumfield: "April showers do bring May flowers, and one of the most unique is the mayapple, which typically blooms in May (thus the name). Hidden beneath umbrella-like leaves you will find a lovely white flower. The next time you’re out hiking, stop and look at this beautiful spring wildflower. Be sure to count the leaves, as only plants with two leaves produce a flower." (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), If the weather holds tonight ..., Eastern bluebird in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Nikki Nisly photographed this beautiful close-up of a black saddlebag dragonfly along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail earlier this month., "The Dark Side." That's what volunteer Doug Dawes called this image of a buzzard in Munroe Falls Metro Park., Getting some sun today? (Photo by volunteer Nikki Nisly, taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is closed most Mondays, but it's open Memorial Day (5/26), 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission is always free. Join us!, Common yellowthroat in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Kevin Lanterman: "I debated about sending this one ... Though after thinking about it, there is just something special about this tree (in Silver Creek Metro Park).", Great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Nikki Nisly), Chipmunk in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), The early bird gets the worm. (Photo from volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova), American goldfinches in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Muskrat along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), Dogwood tree along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), The expression on this grackle's face is priceless. Maybe it's shocked to learn swim season begins today in Munroe Falls Metro Park and Silver Creek Metro Park, and the water is still a bit chilly. (It was low 60s earlier this week.) But don't let that stop YOU from enjoying a beautiful weekend in both parks. Swim areas are open 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. daily through August 17. (Photo by volunteer Jim Childs in Munroe Falls), More than 200 meteors per hour? Yes, please! Our Naturalist Dave Brumfield says to look to the northern skies, near the Big Dipper, for best viewing. (And then Saturday night, join us in Silver Creek Metro Park for a "Moths & Meteors" program. Click summitmetroparks.org for details.), Volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova recently photographed this Baltimore oriole near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. "(He was) setting up housekeeping near the towpath," Debbie emailed. "We spotted 'Mr. B' flying in and out of his nest.", Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This pretty little bird (a song sparrow) sang a very pretty song for me at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm.", Trillium, our state wildflower, blooming along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), All together now: "Awww." (Gosling photo by volunteer Jim Childs, taken in Munroe Falls Metro Park), Did You Know? We manage half of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Summit County. That's right, a little more than 22 miles. Volunteer Joe Prekop knows that; he's a regular trail user. He snapped this photo Monday along a section in Akron., Hooded warbler in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Swim season begins Saturday in Munroe Falls Metro Park (pictured) and Silver Creek Metro Park in Norton. The water is likely to be pretty cold for the first weekend. Anyone want to start a polar bear club?, We can't choose, so let's put it up to a vote: Which scarlet tanager photo is your favorite? Volunteer Rob Blair took these in Munroe Falls Metro Park on Monday., "(I'm) always looking for a unique view of things," emailed volunteer Kevin Lanterman. "Here is a unique view of the silos and barn at Silver Creek Metro Park.", Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this deer near sunset Saturday in Munroe Falls Metro Park., Is there a bear in Hudson? A resident and regular Metro Parks visitor sent us these photos showing a possible bear track and bear scat, taken on her property near our planned Wood Hollow Metro Park, which is located at the intersection of Barlow and Stow roads. Notice all the bird seed in the scat? You can make your yard less enticing to bears by bringing in your bird feeders and not feeding your pets outside. Learn more about black bears from ODNR: http://bit.ly/1glkyON, Volunteer Rob Blair: "The mallard shot may look heavily processed, but it's actually a result of the lens being right at the same level as the water surface. Thanks to the flood pools near the river (along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), I didn't have to get in the water to get this shot.", Volunteer Bob Roach saw these two - a great blue heron and a wood duck - last week in Firestone Metro Park. The images deserve a caption. Go!, "Frankly, Scarlett ..." emailed volunteer Doug Dawes. He spotted this scarlet tanager Friday in Firestone Metro Park., If it's not raining at 7 o'clock tonight, stop by the Nature Realm for a free, unplugged concert., Due to trail conditions, the start time, location and description for tonight's program have changed. Click here for an update, and join a naturalist at Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park., null, null, Visitor Michael Cale sent us a message Sunday, asking about the dark black mold he has seen on trees this season in the Metro Parks. Our biologists had an answer: Insects like wooly aphids grow in large colonies and suck juice from trees. Their droppings fall and catch on the branches below. Mold grows on the trapped droppings., Volunteer Kevin Lanterman: "(Last Monday's) heavy rain caused a lot of damage and grief, but it also gave us a (new) waterfall in Gorge Metro Park." He took this photo along the Glens Trail., Naturalist Pat Rydquist: "Indigo buntings have arrived from Central America to nest in our parks. The female builds the nest in fields, on the edges of woods, roadsides or rights-of-way. Her camouflage makes her hard to see, but the male (pictured) attracts attention with his lovely serenade." (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Take a walk on this 'Lovely Sunny Day!' Great message from Sesame Street. (Yes, we're sharing it via social media. That's irony.), Be careful where you step. That may not be mud., null, If the weather holds tomorrow night ..., null, Visitor Charles Hawker recently spotted a nice (and colorful) variety of birds in Firestone Metro Park in Akron. Clockwise, from top left: yellow warbler, black and white warbler, Baltimore oriole, tufted titmouse, It's Monday. Are you feeling like this? (Photo from volunteer Kim Ardelian, shot along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail before it suffered significant storm damage last week in Munroe Falls.), "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder," emailed volunteer Jerry Cannon. "This fly landed on my car (last week) at O'Neil Woods Metro Park. I just happened to have my macro lens on my camera.", Green heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), Get the feeling you're being watched? (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Common yellowthroat in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Angry birds? Not these three. Volunteer Bob Roach recently saw a great blue heron, female oriole and female wood duck "dancing" at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Volunteer Jeff Hill saw this red-bellied woodpecker hard at work on a recent trip to Goodyear Heights Metro Park., Red-winged blackbird along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), Is it time to get up? (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair, along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), Oriole along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), Did you see our first Akron Rubber Ducks scoreboard commercial? See what the birders are up to now in our second one., Volunteer Bob Roach found the one guy who appreciates all the rain we've had this week: Mr. Mallard, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., (Photo by volunteer Debbie Casanova), (Photo by volunteer Debbie Casanova), (Photo by volunteer Debbie Casanova), (Photo by volunteer John Reeves), (Photo by volunteer John Reeves), (Photo by volunteer John Reeves), Our parks and trails have been hit hard by the effects of storms this week, but Metro Leaf was spared. He's out west with a friend. Here he is about to enter Giant Sequoia National Monument in California., Our enhancements must be working. This eastern bluebird approves. (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite, at Munroe Falls Metro Park), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I saw this mayapple blossom Tuesday at Springfield Bog Metro Park. My first of the year.", This may be the only bit of "sunshine" we see today. Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this American goldfinch Wednesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., How many toads do you see here? (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this "pesky" jay in Munroe Falls Metro Park. It just couldn't leave the hawk alone., How powerful were Monday night's storms? Along Highbridge Trail, which connects Gorge Metro Park and Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, this boulder was moved about 25 yards down a hill. It would have reached the Cuyahoga River, but it was stopped by another rock. Luckily, no one was injured, and the trail remains open., We've been busy cleaning up storm damage this morning. Closures have been reported via Twitter (@metro_parks) and on our Alerts page, at summitmetroparks.org, under the News tab. (Pictured: one of several washouts on the Jogging Trail in Sand Run Metro Park), Magnolia warbler in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), We had more than 650 runners in yesterday's Mother's Day 5K at Munroe Falls Metro Park. Thanks to all participants, sponsors and volunteers for making this event a success! Race results are posted here: http://bit.ly/MD5K14-Results, Naturalist Renelle Simrau: "The scarlet tanager has arrived at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Listen for its call, 'Chick Burr,' in the treetops." (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite, who spotted one last week along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Have you ever seen one of these? Volunteer Tim Hite photographed this eastern spiny softshell turtle in Gorge Metro Park last Thursday., The weekend's over? This toad is pretty broken up about it, too. (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Muskrat floating along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Look very, very closely. Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this magnolia warbler on "stealth mode" during a recent trip to Munroe Falls Metro Park. Do you see it?, Happy Mother's Day! Volunteer Tim Hite saw these three young Canada geese Wednesday at the Towpath Trail's Wilbeth Road Trailhead., "What are YOU doing here?" (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes, at Munroe Falls Metro Park), Will you be there tomorrow?, Rose-breasted grosbeak in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), Wednesday's rainy and beautiful sunrise in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Tim Hite really captured the beauty of the Baltimore oriole. He saw this one mid-week along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Red-bellied woodpecker in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jim Childs), What are you doing this weekend? Just hangin' out like these two? We hope you find time to visit one of our 14 parks or three multipurpose trails. (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), What type of hawk is this? Volunteer Doug Dawes shows us the answer. (It's a red-tail)., Barred owl in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo reports daffodils are STILL in bloom along the Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park in Richfield., Great blue heron in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Blue jay in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), "I can see why they call it a leopard frog, with all those spots," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed. "He was hanging out at Liberty Park on Sunday.", Volunteer Bob Roach loves this photo he took Monday in Firestone Metro Park. He said the male red-wing looks angry. "I think it is one of the best bird pictures I've ever taken. It's what makes being out there so rewarding.", "Look out, I can't stop!" emailed volunteer Jerry Cannon. He photographed this Canada goose near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron. "(He) was evidently having some brake issues as he was landing at Wilbeth Road.", Jack-in-the-pulpit at Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), "They are back!" volunteer Doug Dawes emailed Monday. He photographed this ruby-throated hummingbird in his back yard., Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this red fox over the weekend in Munroe Falls Metro Park., Visitor Joanne Priest took this photo Saturday at the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail's Manchester Road Trailhead., Have you noticed how yellow the male goldfinches are once again? (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill, taken from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Red-winged blackbird in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Enjoy this image (from volunteer Jerry Cannon) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our May '14 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, Somebody has a case of the Mondays. Volunteer Jeff Hill saw this rough-looking snapper last week along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Red-shouldered hawk near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jeff Picoult: "As I was walking around F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, I saw a hawk land on a branch above me. As I walked around to get a better view and better lighting for my photo, a blue jay swooped in and started harassing the hawk. Every time I put my camera aside the blue jay settled down. But, just as soon as I raised my camera again, that blue jay went right back to jumping around and squawking for attention.", Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed these Virginia bluebells in Furnace Run Metro Park last week. He said they were just as pretty closed as when they're open and in full bloom., It's Day 4 of Spree For All, our two-month hiking series for people of all abilities. Complete five hikes on flat, easy spree trails through June 30 to earn rewards. Find details on our website, summitmetroparks.org., Got plans with friends tonight? (Photo from volunteer Jeff Hill, taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Pets are welcome in most park areas, but remember to keep them on leashes (8-feet long or less) and to pick up pet waste. Click the link to see what happens when Bark's owner doesn't "bag the doo-doo": http://youtu.be/hxpU4FGzUOw, Volunteer Rob Blair captured Monday's beautiful sunrise in Munroe Falls Metro Park., Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this yellow warbler early Friday. He called it "sunshine on a cloudy day.", Red-shouldered hawk over the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Volunteer Bob Roach saw this painted turtle yesterday in Firestone Metro Park., Naturalist Danette Rushboldt: "Spring means baby animals, flowers and rain ... lots and lots of rain. May is our rainiest month of the year, averaging 4.25 inches. Remember, every living thing on Earth depends on water, and every rainbow needs rain. So go ahead: Take a walk in the rain this month." (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jerry Cannon, after visiting the Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park: "I swear I heard a little sneeze coming from this little pollen-covered bee.", We had a special visitor to the feeders this morning: a Baltimore oriole! There's always something to look forward to at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., "These turkeys were crossing Cuyahoga Street" near the Overlook Trail in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, volunteers Debbie and Alan Casanova emailed. "We think they were getting ready to start Spree For All." (Our spring hiking series starts TODAY, and the Overlook Trail is included. Find details on our website.), It's May 1, and Spree For All begins TODAY! The two-month hiking series features flat, easy trails. Hike five times on designated spree trails to earn rewards, free to Summit County residents. To learn more, visit our website: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-SFA (Pictured: Clients from Akron's United Disability Services), Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this Canada goose floating on the Cuyahoga River along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I saw this trillium (Monday) in full bloom at Furnace Run Metro Park. It had started to rain, and it gave it a nice water droplet effect.", This common grackle looks more spectacular than common in this image from volunteer Jim Childs. He photographed the bird in Firestone Metro Park last weekend., Look familiar? Check out the transformation to the barn in O'Neil Woods Metro Park. It's at 2400 Bath Rd. in Bath. Another great example of your public dollars at work! (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), RARE SIGHTING! It's been years since a spotted turtle has been recorded in our Metro Parks, but our biologists recently "spotted" this one. What's on its back? Biologist Ramsey Langford: "It's a transmitter so we can track it. We used a type of bonding adhesive similar to steel bond that is safe for the turtle and its keratinized shell. This turtle is shedding right now (think of this as growing), so the transmitter will most likely fall off faster than the battery would die, which is about two years." (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Daffodils (and spiders) in Furnace Run Metro Park (Photos by volunteer Bethany Woznicki), Volunteer Doug Dawes: "Here's lookin' at you." (Tree swallow photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), The Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park is past its peak, but there are still a lot of blooms. Volunteer Kevin Lanterman snapped this image April 19. He emailed: "I just held the camera down by the flowers and took the photo." He makes it look easy., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I love it when I go for a walk to see one thing and I find something totally different. I went to Hampton Hills Metro Park to look for wildflowers, but I ran across this red-spotted newt by a log.", White-breasted nuthatch in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), Marsh marigolds at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Eastern bluebird at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jim Childs), Volunteer Jeff Picoult: "This lovely female mallard was super-friendly and posed for some casual portraits in the soft evening sunlight at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm.", Daffodils in Furnace Run Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), A really GREAT great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Watch today at 1:30 p.m. as bees are added to the Nature Realm hive!, Trout lily blooming along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), Doug Dawes saw this muskrat Thursday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Volunteer Jim Childs recently photographed this male mallard in Munroe Falls Metro Park., The Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Northern shoveler floating next to the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Bloodroot in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), Snakes! Have you seen any this season? These creatures are cold-blooded, so they spend cooler days warming their bodies in the sun. When they're basking on a log or rock, they're vulnerable to predators like hawks, raccoons and foxes. This garter snake was spotted last year in April, in front of park offices in Sand Run Metro Park. - Naturalist Sarah Putnam, Just announced! Watch as bees are added to the Nature Realm hive Sunday at 1:30 p.m., Today (4/25) is the LAST DAY to register in advance for the Mother's Day 5K! Save $10 and get a FREE shirt., It's Arbor Day. In celebration of trees, today we're sharing images of the historic Indian Signal Tree via Twitter and Instagram, including this one from the 1980s. The tree is in the Chuckery Area in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, at 837 Cuyahoga St., Akron., Volunteer Kevin Lanterman captured this beautiful sunset Sunday in the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park, 1088 North Ave., Tallmadge., Hang on. The weekend is ALMOST here. (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite, taken in Gorge Metro Park), A great place for a spring picnic: the Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park (3100 Brush Rd., Richfield). If you go: Parking in the gravel lot is limited to about 10 cars, so visitors are encouraged to be patient and go weekdays before 4 p.m. There are several picnic tables and a porta-potty near the start of the trail. (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Who wants to visit the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail? Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this unofficial greeter on a recent hike of the multipurpose trail., Have you been? The Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park (3100 Brush Rd., Richfield) is in peak bloom now. If you go: Parking in the gravel lot is limited to about 10 cars, so visitors are encouraged to be patient and go weekdays before 4 p.m. There are several picnic tables and a porta-potty near the start of the trail. (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Volunteer Jim Childs spotted this black-throated green warbler Saturday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Where's the green, you ask? The species has an olive-green crown and ear patches. Naturalist Meghan Doran says it's an "early-spring arriver," another sign of the season., Volunteer Jerry Cannon saw spring beauties popping up Sunday, including this beauty., Osprey soaring over the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Kevin Lanterman hiked the Daffodil Trail on Sunday morning, and he photographed quite a scene. Blooms along the 0.6-mile trail, at 3100 Brush Rd., Richfield, are expected to be at their best this week., A look at the ospreys at the towpath's Wilbeth Road Trailhead, from volunteer Doug Dawes, Volunteer photographer Tim Hite saw this snapper (and probably kept his distance) along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail on Sunday., There are more than a dozen varieties of blooms along the 0.6-mile Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park, at 3100 Brush Rd., Richfield. The best viewing is expected this week. (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), "Look, Ma! No head!" Volunteer Doug Dawes saw this red-tailed hawk Sunday in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., null, The best blooms along Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park (3100 Brush Rd., Richfield) are expected this week., Don't look now, but someone didn't "bag the doo-doo" this weekend in the Metro Parks. Watch our new #PETiquette video here, and hopefully you won't have to watch your step on your next visit: http://youtu.be/hxpU4FGzUOw, Look closely. Can you see the blood on this red-tail's beak? Volunteer Doug Dawes caught up with the bird of prey after a recent meal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Volunteer Kevin Lanterman recently reported seeing (and hearing) active amphibians in Springfield Bog Metro Park., Who says female birds lack visual interest? Not our volunteer photographers! Jim Childs photographed the beauty of this female mallard last weekend in Munroe Falls Metro Park., null, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I spotted this bloodroot blooming (Thursday) at Gorge Metro Park. Any bloom is a welcome sight for me.", Is it nighttime yet? (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes, taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Brown creeper, trying to blend in, at Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), It's poop season in the Metro Parks. Watch where you step. And if you bring a four-legged friend with you, "bag the doo-doo!" Watch our new #PETiquette video here: http://youtu.be/hxpU4FGzUOw, Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed these osprey taking a break from their nest near the towpath's Wilbeth Road Trailhead in Akron., A little more than a week ago, volunteer Rob Blair saw these deer in Munroe Falls Metro Park and emailed a photo. "I call these young deer 'strong survivors' after such a brutal winter," he wrote., The Akron RubberDucks are playing out of town this weekend, but we're not. Our parks are open 365 days a year, right here in your back yard. And you never know what you'll find in the Metro Parks ... Maybe even a RubberDuck!, "Spring is here!" Finally, right? Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this "chatty" red-winged blackbird along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., We saw this worm and its "role model" Tuesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Did you hear? We broke ground yesterday on a nature center in Liberty Park, at 9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg. The site should be completed in mid-December, and our grand opening could be a year from now. (Pictured, L-R: Summit Metro Parks commissioners Jane Bond and Mark Spisak; Twinsburg Mayor Kathy Procop; Summit Metro Parks Director-Secretary Keith Shy and Commissioner Rollie Bauer), Thousands of daffodils – including dozens of varieties – are expected to be at or near peak-bloom today (04/17/14) through the middle part of next week along the Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park, 3100 Brush Rd., Richfield. Parking in the gravel lot is limited to about 10 cars, so visitors are encouraged to be patient and go weekdays before 4 p.m. (Photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Do you know what this is? Volunteer Jerry Cannon called it a "cruel joke." In reality, it's a magnolia bud at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm covered in snow Wednesday morning., Bark looks worried. He knows what happens when you don't "bag the doo-doo." Check out our new #PETiquette video to see the messy results. http://youtu.be/hxpU4FGzUOw, Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this tern last week as it fished in the Cuyahoga River along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., We're breaking ground this morning at 11 on a nature center in Liberty Park, at 9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg. Our plans include a 3,900-square-foot building with exhibits and programming space, a picnic shelter, small outdoor amphitheater and two new hiking trails. We'll tweet photos from today's ceremony. Follow @metro_parks., Yes, we really did animate a boot stepping in a pile of ... OK, you'll just have to watch it. SHARE with your friends if you want to see proper #PETiquette in the Metro Parks., Osprey soaring above the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Why is Sunflower the chickadee afraid to look? Somebody didn't "bag the doo-doo." Our new #PETiquette video will be shared later today! Stay tuned ..., "HOW did they do that?" volunteers Debbie and Alan Casanova emailed Sunday. "The guy on top must have a great sense of balance!", "I went to Tallmadge Meadows to capture the sunset," volunteer Kevin Lanterman emailed last night. "The sunset fizzled out, but as I was packing up I noticed the moon rising.", New signs are being installed this month to address pet owners who don’t leash their pooches or “bag the doo-doo.” Tomorrow we'll debut an animated video. (Be glad you're not the boot.), Can you blame him? It IS lunchtime. (This taxidermy black bear was donated to us last year. He's not on display ... yet. He's in the offices of F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, apparently waiting to be fed.), What are YOU eating for breakfast? (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Osprey near the Wilbeth Road Trailhead in Akron, carrying a stick for its nest (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Volunteer Jeff Picoult captured this image Thursday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. He emailed: "Nature's Primary Colors: Cardinal Red. Sky Blue. Evergreen Green." Not to mention, that's some "hairdo!", We're all done with salamander migration programs in Sand Run Metro Park. Our naturalists reported Thursday that amphibians have laid their eggs in the vernal pools ... but not before volunteer Rob Vaughn photographed this Jefferson salamander last week crossing Sand Run Parkway., "Hey, what is that? A mallard?", Wood duck floating along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jim Childs), null, Volunteer Rob Blair spotted this great egret near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail. The bird may be "great," but it's not quite as big as a great blue heron., Northern shovelers near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Bob Roach walked Friday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, and he felt like he was being watched., Can you spot the salamander? Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo photographed this Jefferson salamander (which blends in pretty well) in a vernal pool near her home., This vibrant male cardinal was photographed Thursday along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail by volunteer Rob Blair., Important news about the towpath that may affect your weekend plans ..., Muskrat swimming near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), null, Naturalist Meghan Doran: "On warm, sunny days, keep your eyes open for the first butterflies to emerge from their winter sleep. Mourning cloaks are large, brown butterflies edged with cream and flecks of blue. These beautiful insects overwinter in Ohio under bark and fallen logs. The gentle creatures get their nutrients from some surprising places. You may run into one along the trail feeding on animal droppings or in a mud puddle." (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Red-winged blackbird at sunset Tuesday along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Our planning department's project manager took this photo Wednesday. "The garter snakes were everywhere yesterday on the Metro Parks Freedom Trail, and I happened to see this 'mating ball.' The railroad ballast seems to be a great hibernating location, because I've seen this several times over the years.", Sure, this red-eared slider isn't a native species, but after the winter we had, frankly, we're just happy to see a reptile outside. (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), PLAY BALL! Tonight is the home opener for the 2014 Akron RubberDucks, and we're pleased to debut our first scoreboard commercial of the new season., After a lunchtime hike in Gorge Metro Park yesterday, volunteer photographer Tim Hite sent this image of a mourning cloak butterfly. "(Not) great, but I was glad to see my first butterfly of the year.", Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I saw this lichen while hiking at Liberty Park, and I thought it looked a lot like something on the bottom of the ocean." Have YOU hiked the moderately challenging 1.1-mile Ledges Trail? Access is at 9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg. But PLEASE, stay off the rocks! You'll help protect things like this., Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this mallard pair Monday at sunset in the wet woods in Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area., Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo: "I walked the Daffodil Trail yesterday. While still a bit muddy, the trail is starting to show signs of spring! The daffodils are getting tall and the buds are just being formed." We nominated Debbie to be our "official" daffodil photographer of 2014. Watch for more images (and progress reports) soon., Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo photographed these beautiful horned grebes Saturday near the Wilbeth Road Trailhead., null, On this day in history, 81 years ago: Girl Scouts planted trees in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (April 8, 1933), Great blue heron in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Spring-like weather was slow to arrive, but the season is here. Proof lies in the appearance of red-winged blackbirds. Volunteer Jim Childs spotted this one Sunday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Volunteer Kevin Lanterman: "As I took this sunset photo Wednesday night, the sounds of spring peepers filled the air.", Volunteer Bob Roach photographed these two American coots last week in Firestone Metro Park., null, Visitor Marissa Dubina saw these wood frogs in action (ahem) Friday night in Sand Run Metro Park., null, Osprey in flight along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jeff Hill, after being on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail today: "I only have one picture. 'Snappy' is back and bigger than before.", Tree swallow in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "While doing my frog survey (Thursday), I ran into this crayfish with an attitude. I respected his wishes and put him back." Jerry is one of our citizen scientists, and he was volunteering in a conservation area., Ospreys near the Wilbeth Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), The iridescent green of this mallard's head is absolutely incredible. Volunteer Bob Roach snapped this Monday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Great blue heron in flight over the Bath Road Heronry, near Hampton Hills Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I attended the amphibian program in Sand Run Metro Park on Thursday night. (This picture) is of a male spotted salamander that was just beautiful. He had the most spots of any I have ever seen.", Did you see this earlier in the week?, "This song sparrow was singing his heart out while enjoying the sun Monday." - Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon, Naturalist Renell Simrau: "PEEP! PEEP! PEEP! PEEP! Listen near wet areas for the call of the spring peeper. It's hard to believe this loud noise comes from a tiny frog that can fit on a U.S. quarter." (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), We woke up this morning to a "frog" warning. He doesn't look so bad. Maybe because it's foggy out. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer photographer Tim Hite saw this great blue heron Monday in Gorge Metro Park., JUST ANNOUNCED! Join us tonight, Thursday, April 3. Details in the link below ..., The great blue heron on the right: "That's an example of a bad hair day," according to volunteer Jerry Cannon. He snapped this Monday at the Bath Road Heronry near Hampton Hills Metro Park., "It must be spring," volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova emailed yesterday. "The eastern phoebes have arrived!" They spotted this "cheerful fella" between Cascade Valley Metro Park / North and the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, from the Valley Link Trail connector bridge., It's our first reptile photo in ages, and it's courtesy of volunteer Jerry Cannon. "Another sign of spring," he emailed. He saw the painted turtle "catching a few rays" near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Clinton on Monday., It's been more than 10 years since the month of March passed without a salamander migration program in Sand Run Metro Park. If we get favorable weather this week (45 degrees or warmer, with rain, after dark), we'll announce a program here on Facebook and our seasonal information line: 330-865-8060. Keep your fingers crossed. (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Rob Blair: "This little red-bellied woodpecker kept blowing out wood chips from his 'apartment'. They were landing directly on my head. Apparently, he was more concerned about impressing his future guest than me.", Volunteer Jerry Cannon titled this one "Proud Robin." He snapped it Sunday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo: "I walked Furnace Run Metro Park at lunch (Monday), and to my surprise found these lovely yellow flowers poking out through the snow! I guess spring has sprung after all." These are winter aconites, a non-native plant that has taken root in the Richfield park. The blooms help signal the start of spring. Debbie reports that all of the snow has since melted., The snow's gone, but now there are dog piles everywhere. You know what we're talkin' about. View our spring issue of Green Islands Magazine to learn about proper PETiquette. http://bit.ly/MPSSC-GIM, R.I.P. Olaf from "Frozen." It was a good run, but we're done., Last night we shared an image of the osprey couple repairing the nest. Well, they've moved on to other activities., Sometimes you just want to blend in, and that's easy for wildlife with natural camouflage. Yet despite its best efforts, volunteer Tim Hite recently spotted this eastern screech owl in Firestone Metro Park., Volunteer Jerry Cannon reports the osprey couple near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail's Wilbeth Road Trailhead has returned, and they're doing a little "spring cleaning." He took this photo Sunday., Volunteer Tim Hite saw this red fox last night in Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area., TODAY (3/31), from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., is the very LAST CHANCE to get your 2013 FALL HIKING SHIELD. Come to the administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park, 975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron., ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Ring-necked duck flying next to the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Volunteer Jeff Hill photographed this Carolina wren from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail earlier this month., ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: White-throated sparrow at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), We're taking a quick break from the all-birds weekend for this important reminder: TODAY (3/30), from noon to 5 p.m., is the LAST CHANCE to get your 2013 FALL HIKING SHIELD from F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. (Volunteers will be on hand until 4 to help put the shield on your hiking staff.) Can't make it today? The admin offices in Sand Run Metro Park will offer shields tomorrow (3/31) from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., and then that's it., ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Tundra swans taking off near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Northern pintail, spotted from the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Canada geese near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Mallard at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Red-shouldered hawk above the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), It's an ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND for us on Facebook, and we're kicking things off with this image from volunteer Rob Blair, who recently photographed these redhead and ring-necked ducks floating next to the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron., Naturalist Dave Brumfield: "After a long, harsh winter, it’s refreshing to see signs of spring, and winter aconites (pictured) are among the first plants to flower. Although less known, they make wonderful companions to snowdrops and crocuses in spring gardens. If you want to check them out, they are currently blooming along Old Mill Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park.", This white-breasted nuthatch is not impressed. But hey, it's Friday. Maybe he'll wipe that look off his face. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Volunteer Jeff Picoult: "Here is evidence that a mute swan can easily be mistaken for a B-52 Bomber during takeoff. Wing shape... Exhaust... Noise... It's all there!", Have you ever seen a pileated woodpecker? An Akron resident emailed this photo of one at her suet feeder. We don't see them as often as downy, hairy and red-bellied woodpeckers, but these "giants" are native to Ohio. We had one hangin' around our admin offices in Sand Run Metro Park for several hours Monday., Our natural resources intern documented over 1,000 tundra swans stopping over in Liberty Park in Twinsburg last week. Most of them had taken off before he got out his phone to take this photo., Volunteer Rob Blair: "When the sun poked through (Tuesday, 3/25/14), I was able to take a quick trip down to Tallmadge Meadows to snap some shots of the beautiful 'spring' sunset.", Video from Liberty Park in Twinsburg, Enjoy this image (from volunteer Rob Vaughn) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our April '14 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, "There were snowflakes, and the temp  was only 25º, but the daffodils KNOW spring is here!" emailed volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova, following their Monday hike in Furnace Run Metro Park. The couple ends every message with "Keep Looking Up." Great advice as winter holds on., Female cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Just a heads up: Today through Friday (3/28/14), a contractor for Akron may periodically cross the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, north of the Mustill Store (pictured), with equipment for work on the water main. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), "Here is a photo of the constellation Orion. I took it at Munroe Falls Metro Park the other night." - Volunteer Kevin Lanterman, Living up to their name, volunteer Bob Roach captured these snowdrops in bloom Friday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Volunteer Rob Blair: "I know the waterfowl photos are not the most popular (because so many have been posted), but I think this one is worth a good look." He photographed this bufflehead "running on water" along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, near the Brust Park Trailhead., Does this weather make you want to bury your head like Mr. and Mrs. Mallard? (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach, taken Friday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Naturalist Meghan Doran reported Sunday that an amphibian migration program COULD happen this week if we don't get more ice and snow, but the forecast isn't promising. We'll offer a program in Sand Run Metro Park when conditions permit (it has to be above 45 degrees and raining). Keep watching Facebook for updates. (Photo by Jerry Cannon), "Why not enjoy the cold?" emailed volunteer Kim Ardelian. She sent this photo after a Friday visit to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. "(I was) hoping to photograph a few friendly birds. This chickadee was the star of our little show!", Naturalist Pat Rydquist: A welcoming sign of spring are the V-lines of migratory swans heading north to nest. Trumpeter and tundra swans differ from the mute swans that were introduced from Europe to add "grace and charm" to our local ponds and lakes. Mute swans are non-migratory, aggressive and territorial, and they eat most of the vegetation in and around the water habitat. Tundras and trumpeters have black bills up to their eyes, while mutes have mostly orange bills. (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Rob Blair: "Early (Tuesday) I was next to the river near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, west of Brust Park, when I suddenly noticed I was just a few feet away from this young hawk. It was the closest I've ever been to a hawk in the wild. Here he is taking off from a large limb after being harassed by some blue jays.", Northern shoveler floating next to the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Red-breasted merganser above the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Male cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Canvasback duck flying next to the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Here's hope for spring: Volunteer Bob Roach spotted some green popping up Thursday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., The moon over Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), News about the planned Liberty Park Nature Center, "I headed over to hike the Willow Trail at Firestone Metro Park a couple weeks ago hoping to spot an owl," volunteer Kim Ardelian emailed. "And guess what: I did!" OK, not really. But she sees "a petrified owl" in this tree. Do you?, Volunteer Jeff Picoult: "Check out this bufflehead coming in for a landing! Or is he waterskiing? You decide!" Jeff's Wednesday email continued: "I followed him, without taking a single photo, until the moment he was about to touch down ... where the only parts of him touching the water were his tail feathers., Northern shoveler "flyby" (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair, along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), BLOOMS! That's right, snowdrops are in bloom now at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Park manager Laura snapped these photos earlier today., Are salamanders migrating? NOT YET. Naturalist Meghan Doran reports the vernal pools in Sand Run Metro Park are still frozen over. We'll offer a public program when temps are steadily in the upper 40s with rain. Details will be posted on Facebook and our seasonal info line (330-865-8060) by 4 p.m. on a day when conditions permit. (2013 photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), American robins are here year-round; they're not true signs of spring. But we'll take any "proof" of much warmer weather to come. How about you? (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), null, Follow us on Instagram for more great stuff, maybe even things you've missed here on Facebook., White-breasted nuthatch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Red-shouldered hawk, flying high above the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Clinton (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Volunteer Jeff Picoult: "Among the 10 or so various breeds of ducks and diving birds that I saw last week (at the Manchester Road Trailhead) was this male northern shoveler. Even though he is not in his fancier breeding colors, he is still one amazing looking bird!", Last night we shared volunteer Rob Blair's image of canvasback ducks gaining flight. Tonight we share Rob's image of hooded mergansers, also spotted along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail last week., Black-capped chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Nesting great blue heron, near the Wilbeth Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Rob Blair photographed these canvasback ducks taking off last week next to the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Opossum at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), See examples of your public dollars at work in our 2013 annual report. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Report, Female hooded merganser, makin' a splash along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Goldeneyes above the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Black squirrel in Goodyear Heights Metro Park, Wednesday before all the snow (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Great blue heron in O'Neil Woods Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Male cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Red-necked grebe (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), The stairs in Gorge Metro Park, Wednesday before the snow fell (Photo by volunteer Tim Hite), White-throated sparrow at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, spotted Wednesday by volunteer Bob Roach, Volunteer Rob Blair: "So here's the story behind this highly unusual scene. This male wood duck has been following this mallard hen around for the past two weeks, trying to court her. She hasn't run him off, but she hasn't seemed overly impressed by his good looks either." (Photographed at the Manchester Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), A year ago this week, volunteers were spotting Coltsfoot, one of the earliest spring wildflowers. Not true this week, at least so far. (2013 photo by Joe Prekop, taken along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), Northern cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm earlier this week (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Winter Sports Updates: Sled hills are open today (03/13/14) in Firestone Metro Park, Furnace Run Metro Park, Goodyear Heights Metro Park and Sand Run Metro Park. Click for details: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-WinterSports (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Muskrat along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Red-shouldered hawk along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Does the weather have you feeling like this? (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill, taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), See examples of your public dollars at work in our 2013 annual report. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Report, Nominate Metro Parks in Akronlife Magazine's "Best of the City" competition. You must complete 25 categories for your submission to count! Deadline is 3/21. http://bit.ly/1gj9eQI, A welcome sign of spring, this red-winged blackbird was spotted by volunteer Tim Hite on Monday along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail. Come back to this image Wednesday when snow is falling., This morning's sunrise in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Got plans for lunch? Volunteer Rob Blair recently spotted this merganser that had no reservations about a big meal., The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm opens today (03/11/14) at noon, not 10 a.m., due to an all-staff morning meeting at another park. Regular center hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday., CAPTION TO WIN! The "best" caption for this image, posted here by 6 p.m. today (3/11/14), wins a one-day swim pass, good for up to five people, for Munroe Falls Metro Park or Silver Creek Metro Park this summer. Swim season begins May 24. Season passes go on sale April 1. (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Jerry Cannon titled this one "Honey, I'm Home" and emailed: "He's probably in big trouble for not bringing a stick home. I know the feeling." (Image from the Bath Road Heronry in Akron, March 7, 2014), Many visitors mistake muskrats for beavers when their tails are below the surface. Sunday in Akron, volunteer Jeff Hill snapped this photo, which makes identification easy: muskrat!, American coot along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Female redhead duck, photographed by volunteer Rob Blair along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron, Are you a night owl? Visitors who hiked with Naturalist Mike Greene saw this one Friday night in Liberty Park's Pond Brook Conservation Area., Great blue heron soaring above the Bath Road Heronry in Akron, between Akron-Peninsula and Riverview roads (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), With that smile, he can't be up to anything good., Volunteer Rob Blair spotted this beaver days ago along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., Wood duck (and a snack) along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Did you "spring forward?" The Rock & Herb Garden at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm did Friday (pictured), with temperatures near 50 and signs of winter melting. But then Saturday happened ..., Volunteer Jeff Picoult emailed us Thursday: I was getting kind of bummed that I hadn't seen any of the juvenile bald eagles that everyone keeps talking about. Well, that all changed when this one flew overhead while I was walking along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron., "This guy was giving me the once-over at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm." - Volunteer Jerry Cannon, "We spotted six deer hanging out together (on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail) just south of Big Bend, but this was the only one to pause and look at us." - Volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova, Great blue heron at the Bath Road Heronry, between Akron-Peninsula and Riverview roads in Akron (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Did you see this short video earlier in the week? Volunteers recently spotted this muskrat along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Female hooded merganser, at the Manchester Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: Spring is a great time to see migrating and resident waterfowl in your Metro Parks. One of our resident diving ducks, the male redhead is easily identified by its namesake head. (Females are tan.) Look for pockets of open water until the ice melts, and join naturalists for (free) "Waterfowl Watch" programs in March and April. (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Naturalist Sarah Putnam: Smelling skunk? One could say “love” is in the air. Males are defending their territories and moving around to find females. Some males spray to ward off others, and the “fragrance” can shoot up to 15 feet!, Male wood duck along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Eastern screech-owl napping in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova), Volunteer Jeff Hill spotted this red-necked grebe Wednesday near the Manchester Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., "This female hooded merganser just saw her reflection in a mirror for the first time," joked volunteer photographer Rob Blair., Female mallard coming in for a perfect landing along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), null, Did last March start with less snow? One year ago today, volunteer Bob Roach snapped this photo at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Feel any better now about our current forecast?, Red-breasted mergansers along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon: This was just a portion of the redhead ducks that flew over (the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail at) Manchester Road. I lost count., Winter Sports Update (03/04/14 at 11:30 a.m.): All sled hills are open, including those in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, Firestone Metro Park, Furnace Run Metro Park, Goodyear Heights Metro Park, Munroe Falls Metro Park and Sand Run Metro Park. The skating areas in Furnace Run and Sand Run are also open. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-WinterSports (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon: I saw these pretty ice formations at Firestone Metro Park. I've always been intrigued by shapes that are formed by running water and cold weather. I think one looks like an ice daisy and the other like a crystal bell., Great blue heron liftoff along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), More snow, or are you ready for spring-like weather?, "I think this red-breasted merganser wanted a hug," emailed volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon., Clouds at Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Female goldeneye duck on the Cuyahoga River (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Winter Sports Update (03/02/14 at 1:15 p.m.): Sled hills are open in Firestone Metro Park, Furnace Run Metro Park, Goodyear Heights Metro Park, Munroe Falls Metro Park and Sand Run Metro Park. The skating area at Furnace Run is also open. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-WinterSports (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This mallard tried to convince me he could stand on water. I'm a believer.", What do rangers do? Metro Parks rangers are commissioned peace officers who help people ENJOY the park district. Watch this short YouTube video to learn more!, Trumpeter swan near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail's Manchester Road Trailhead (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Entries may be submitted March 1 through April 30 for the 15th Amateur Photography Exhibit, on display June through December 2014 at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Only unframed printed photographs will be accepted. All images must be taken in Summit County’s Metro Parks. With each entry, please include your name, address, phone number, email, the park where the image was taken and a title for the image. All originals will be returned. Drop off entries at the Nature Realm visitors center during regular hours, or mail them to the administrative offices, c/o Naturalist Pat Rydquist, 975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron, OH 44313. (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair, Nov. 2013), Male mallard flying above the Cuyahoga River near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail's SR 91/Brust Park trailhead (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Enjoy this image (from volunteer Bob Roach) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our March '14 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, Redhead ducks along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), This morning's warm-weather photo: a sunny look at the Meadow Trail in Munroe Falls Metro Park, photographed in August 2012 by volunteer Rob Blair., Swans, mergansers, redhead ducks and more near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail's Manchester Road trailhead (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Juvenile bald eagle soaring through snowy skies this afternoon near Hampton Hills Metro Park, "I think this great blue heron is a little disappointed with the cold weather," emailed volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon., null, This morning's warm-weather photo: runners circling the lake in Munroe Falls Metro Park during the inaugural Mother's Day 5K. This year's event, the third annual, is Sunday, May 11. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Female mallard along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Female hooded merganser along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Table for two! Look who stopped by F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm yesterday for a quick bite at lunchtime: a deer AND a possum., This morning's warm-weather photo: the sun peeking through the trees in Sand Run Metro Park, photographed in August 2012., Great blue heron along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail near the Brust Park/SR 91 trailhead (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), American tree sparrows can only be found in Ohio during the winter months. They will soon return to their breeding grounds in northern Canada and Alaska. We spotted this one on Saturday at Springfield Bog Metro Park., Ring-billed gull along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), It can't be this cold, this snowy all year ... Can it? For the rest of the week, we'll start each day by posting a warm-weather photo. Just because. (Photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm in August 2012)., Planting an oak tree at Goodyear Heights Metro Park, near the pavilion on Newton Street in Akron, February 1963, Great blue herons have returned to the Bath Road Heronry, between Akron-Peninsula and Riverview roads in Akron. Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this couple Saturday. The nests are right around the corner from the main entrance to Hampton Hills Metro Park., Volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova witnessed this muskrat eating "salad" for lunch Sunday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. What's on your plate today?, Volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova sent this photo Friday after a trip down the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. "From a distance he looked a very dramatic, black and white, but the sun came out as we got closer - just long enough to get a fabulous view of this male bufflehead." They spotted him near the Manchester Road Trailhead in Akron., Within Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park lies Lock 28, which at 17 feet was the deepest lock on the Ohio & Erie Canal, and an old quarry from which blocks of Berea sandstone were cut for the canal locks and other local structures. The sandstone was also ideal for mill stones, which were used to remove the outer hulls of oats processed at Akron's American Cereal Works (later Quaker Oats)., House finches are native to western states and Mexico. They spread across the eastern U.S. and Canada after a small number were released in Long Island, New York in 1940.  We spotted this male a few days ago in Sand Run Metro Park., Eastern bluebird at Springfield Bog Metro Park (1400 Portage Line Rd., Springfield Twp.), Male wood duck at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Have you heard? We have a new name, and a new logo is coming soon.

This editorial appeared in Friday's Akron Beacon Journal and on Ohio.com: 

"What’s with the name? Practically everyone long has reacted with degrees of puzzlement to the awkward combination of words, Metro Parks, Serving Summit County. Now Jane Bond, a former county judge, former University of Akron trustee and newly appointed park commissioner, has led the brief and popular revolution, the name slashed from five words to a more elegant three.

On Tuesday, the commissioners voted unanimously to adopt: Summit Metro Parks.

What deserves mention amid all the cheers is that the longer name hardly has held the park system back. It has been a success story, especially the past two decades. Consider the recent completion of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in the county, the renovation of F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, the addition of Liberty Park to the north with its scenic sandstone ledges.

List what is distinctive about the Akron area, or what would be among the first things you would show a visitor, and Metro Parks ranks near the top, a reflection, in no small way, of strategically sound management. Those running the parks haven’t been discouraged operating under a cumbersome name.", As you may have seen on Facebook, great blue herons have returned to the Bath Road Heronry in Akron, between Akron-Peninsula and Riverview roads. Volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova sent this photo Thursday and reported seeing 24 of the big birds., We still have a few 2014 desk calendars remaining. Get yours - FREE! - at the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, or the park district's administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park, during regular hours. Call 330-865-8065 for information., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: I was greeted by a group of redhead ducks near the Manchester Road Trailhead on Wednesday. Probably about 20. By the way, the trumpeter was still there with his two mute swan friends.", Run, jog or walk to celebrate Mom on her special day! Online registration is open for our 3rd annual Mother's Day 5K at Munroe Falls Metro Park: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-MD5K2014, null, Song sparrow at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Sign of Spring! Great blue herons are returning to their Bath Road Heronry, between Akron-Peninsula and Riverview roads in Akron. A male will present sticks to a female. If she accepts, love is in the air. - Naturalist Mike Greene (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon, taken in 2013), Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon: I was driving on Ira Road near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail when I saw four bald eagles flying straight down the river toward me. After almost running off the road, I was able to stop and watch three of the eagles go under the bridge and continue down the river. The fourth one landed in a tree and I was able to take this picture., Ring-billed gull enjoying lunch along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Red-shouldered hawk along the Metro Parks Freedom Trail (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), We're getting reports of the Bath Road herons returning to their easily viewed heronry between Akron-Peninsula and Riverview roads, around the corner from Hampton Hills Metro Park and at the southern boundary of Cuyahoga Valley National Park. We're sure to get a flurry of images in the coming weeks. Share yours with us! (Photo by volunteer Jim Childs, taken in 2013), "Frosted Flakes" by volunteer photographer Rob Blair, The northern cardinal is the state bird of seven states, including Ohio. We spotted this colorful male earlier today in Sand Run Metro Park., Nice photo taken in Springfield Bog Metro Park, Help people ENJOY Metro Parks. Full-time, part-time, seasonal jobs and internships are posted on our website: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Jobs (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Female wood duck at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), What do rangers do? Metro Parks rangers are commissioned peace officers who help people ENJOY the park district. Watch this short YouTube video to learn more!, Visitors joined Naturalist Meghan Doran on Sunday to track wildlife along Munroe Falls Metro Park's Meadow Trail. Upcoming programs and events, including naturalist-led hikes, can be found on our website: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Programs (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Visitor Sarah Chuba took this photo Saturday at Big Bend in Sand Run Metro Park. All sledding and skating areas are open as of 10 this morning (02/18/14). Call our seasonal info line for updates: 330-865-8060., Relief from one of the ten coldest winters of the last century isn't too far away. Scenes like this, from the Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park, will return in a few weeks. Hang in there! (Photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), The Cuyahoga River this morning (02/17/14), near the Brust Park Trailhead for the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Facebook fan Spud Doodle shared images with us from a weekend hike in Firestone Metro Park, writing, "Thank you, Metro Parks, for a beautiful place.", "This mute swan looked pretty comfortable on its down pillow," emailed volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon., The flat, easy Overlook Trail in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South provides spectacular views of the Cuyahoga River, 125 feet below the Overlook Deck., No school? It's Presidents Day, but the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is OPEN special Monday hours, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Prairie Trail at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this leucistic red-tailed hawk near our Riding Run Conservation Area. Leucism is a genetic mutation that prevents melanin from being deposited normally on feathers. Learn more here: http://bit.ly/fpcZGS, ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Golden-crowned kinglet in Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Mergansers along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Red-bellied woodpecker in Sand Run Metro Park, ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Bald eagles along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Hairy woodpecker in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: We shared this Thursday, but it fits our weekend theme. (Not to mention, what a sight!), ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted this red-tailed hawk last weekend in Cascade Valley Metro Park / North. "Now I see where it gets its name," he emailed., ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Volunteer Robert George recently photographed this "angry bird" along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND: Our weekend feathered feature takes flight with this beautiful black-capped chickadee, photographed in Firestone Metro Park by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo., Sledding in Goodyear Heights Metro Park, 1978, Downy woodpecker in Sand Run Metro Park, "Went for a small hike tonight in the moonlight" at Munroe Falls Metro Park, volunteer Kevin Lanterman emailed Thursday. "The moonlight was so bright on the snow there was no need for a flashlight.", Valentine’s Day is a busy time for wildlife in the Metro Parks. Great horned owls are sitting on eggs, great blue herons are starting to return, and red foxes are looking for dens. Remember, you don’t have to be on a date to enjoy a hike in the woods, attend a Metro Parks program or stop by the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Happy Valentine’s Day! - Naturalist Meghan Doran (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), The Cuyahoga River near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail's Brust Park trailhead in Munroe Falls (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Eastern gray squirrel at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), "I stalked this northern harrier for two hours yesterday at Springfield Bog Metro Park," emailed volunteer Jerry Cannon. "When it sat down close to me I almost forgot to take a photo.", Park Biologist Marlo Perdicas: This silver-haired bat was found inside a building at Sand Run Metro Park. A member of the tree bats (like red and hoary bats), this species moves south for the winter. It will hibernate or simply go into torpor during cold spells when insects are unavailable. This female probably woke up to rehydrate and planned to go back to sleep. Because she was inside a building, I gave her water and then cooled her back down so she could go "back to bed" until spring., Blue jay on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Robert George), Icicles in Mary Campbell Cave, Gorge Metro Park, February 1930, Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), "Will winter ever end?" volunteer Joe Prekop asked in an email Tuesday. He photographed these icicles not far from Gorge Metro Park in Cuyahoga Falls, at the city's High Bridge Glens Park and behind the Sheraton Suites Akron/Cuyahoga Falls. "I don’t recall ever seeing the ice this long and thick. And the blue is really that blue.", Volunteer Doug Dawes is one of several recent visitors to Springfield Bog Metro Park to spot northern harriers. Doug sent this photo Sunday, writing: "Big battle for territory between three red-tailed hawks and northern harriers. Good photo opportunity if you can find some time. (The) harrier is very cooperative.", Cuyahoga River in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), "Mother Nature outdid herself on this one," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed. "I saw this male wood duck at Manchester Road last week.", Naturalist Dave Brumfield: Winter is a great time for viewing bald eagles, before the trees begin to leaf out. In Ohio, peak breeding activity is from early February through March. You will most likely find them near lakes, reservoirs and rivers, since their primary diet is fish. Although the bald eagle is an awesome bird to view, remember to keep your distance so as not to disturb these beautiful creatures. Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this bird from a distance last Monday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Thank you to visitor Tim McGinnis for sharing this beautiful photo of the historic Harter Dairy Farm barn at Silver Creek Metro Park in Norton., Winter scene along the parkway in Sand Run Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Kimberley Ardelian), The new Meadow View Shelter at Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Northern flicker along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Ice skating at Gorge Metro Park, 1963, "This doe seemed to think she was authorized," emailed volunteer Jerry Cannon., Ice and snow at Gorge Metro Park (Photos by volunteer Jeff Hill), Meadow Trail at Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area, Construction will begin this year on a nature center in Liberty Park's Twinsburg Ledges Area, at 9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg. Rustic in feel with a large front porch, the trailside nature center will have exhibits and space for public programs. A shelter, amphitheater and flat, easy trail for people of all abilities will also be constructed., American coot along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Female wood duck in flight along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), White-tailed deer in Sand Run Metro Park, null, Naturalist Renell Simrau: Winter stoneflies are emerging!  Believe it or not, this is their mating season. As you walk along the creek on Seneca Trail, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, you may notice these tiny gray insects that are about a half inch in length, with two short tails and long wings.  (Photo from bugguide.com), This morning's sunrise near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail's SR 91 trailhead in Munroe Falls (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Building picnic tables for Sand Run Metro Park, 1935, Help us celebrate National Bird Feeding Month by hand-feeding chickadees during this entertaining and informative program. Program begins inside, then moves outside to feed. Seed will be provided. Free!, Cooper's hawk in F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Caption Contest: What is this robin doing or thinking? (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), The trumpeter swan is the heaviest bird native to North America. Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted this one on Monday near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail's Manchester Road trailhead., The 'Crystal Palace' in Gorge Metro Park (Photos by volunteer Joe Prekop), A game of "Duck, Duck, Goose" along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Ohio Edison Dam at Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Hermit thrush enjoying a berry lunch in Sand Run Metro Park, Eastern towhee in Cascade Valley Metro Park / North (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Ruddy duck in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Mallard duck in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Skating at Big Bend in Sand Run Metro Park, February 1976, American tree sparrow at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Have you seen this great/amazing/beautiful tree in Hampton Hills Metro Park? It can be found along Spring Hollow Trail., Did You Know? The osprey, also known as a "seahawk," is a native bird found throughout the Metro Parks. Which team are you rooting for tonight? (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), "It looks like this robin is balancing a berry on its nose," emailed volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon., Winter Sports Update: All sled hills are open. All skating areas are closed. For addresses, details and more, click here: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-WinterSports (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Run, jog or walk to celebrate Mom on her special day! Online registration is open for our 3rd annual Mother's Day 5K at Munroe Falls Metro Park: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-MD5K2014, Gorge Metro Park was made possible in 1930, when the Northern Ohio Traction & Light Company donated 144 acres of land to Metro Parks. Previously, the area hosted a park of a different sort – Riverside Park, which opened in 1919 and featured the popular Roseland Ballroom. Ads marketed the massive building as a "temple of syncopation," its programs often broadcast on local radio., Snow roller at Munroe Falls Metro Park's Lake Area, A recent sunrise at the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, Huge icicles drip from the rock cliffs in Gorge Metro Park each winter. On Sunday, February 2 at 2 p.m., Naturalist Mike Greene will accompany visitors to a breathtaking view of this ‘Crystal Palace’ along the rugged 1.8-mile Glens Trail. Program details: http://bit.ly/1iDFYXc, Red-tailed hawk soaring above the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron's Merriman Valley, Can groundhogs actually predict the weather? Join wildlife rehabilitator Fran Kitchen and Naturalist Dave Brumfield to learn about the natural history of these infamous rodents. This is a program for the whole family. Includes a craft, a chance to see a groundhog up close and a short hike, weather permitting. Free!, Shady Hollow Pavilion in Sand Run Metro Park provides a cozy setting for parties, reunions and other small gatherings. Learn more about our indoor pavilions here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Pavilions (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Have you seen photos of snow rollers this week? Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this one, and emailed: "It looks like a man buried up to his neck in the snow, and he's not happy about it.", Mallard in flight along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Sledding in Goodyear Heights Metro Park, 1962, "I ran into this little snow village while hiking in the woods at Liberty Park." - Volunteer Jerry Cannon, "This great blue heron stayed bundled up and still as a statue while I snapped this photo along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail," emailed volunteer Rob Blair., Sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area (Photo by park visitor Brian Wilson), Enjoy this image (from volunteer Joe Prekop) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our February '14 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, Snow rollers at Liberty Park (Photos by volunteer Jerry Cannon), View from the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), "The Conductor" by volunteer Rob Blair, "I think we can all identify with this squirrel at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm," emailed volunteer photographer Doug Dawes., The Nature Realm is at 1828 Smith Rd., Akron., The Cuyahoga River in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), This morning's sunrise in Sand Run Metro Park, Huge icicles drip from the rock cliffs in Gorge Metro Park each winter. On Sunday, February 2 at 2 p.m., Naturalist Mike Greene will accompany visitors to a breathtaking view of this ‘Crystal Palace’ along the rugged 1.8-mile Glens Trail. Program details: http://bit.ly/1iDFYXc (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Winter Sports Update: ALL SLED HILLS and ALL SKATING AREAS are OPEN. Bundle up, and bring your own sleds, skates, etc. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-WinterSports (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Shady Hollow Pavilion in Sand Run Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Sunrise over F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm this morning, Guess the Spot! In which of our parks was this recent photo taken?, EIGHTY-FOUR years ago today (at least according to our photo archives): "Icicle Duel" in Gorge Metro Park (01/26/1930)., Winter Sports Update: ALL SLED HILLS are OPEN. We had more than 400 people on the hill in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South today! The park manager sent us this photo. Also, TWO SKATING AREAS are OPEN: Furnace Run Metro Park and Sand Run Metro Park. Both are lighted. Visitors must bring their own skates. Stay tuned for updates as they become available., White-throated sparrow at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Great blue heron in Furnace Run Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), "Carrot-cicles" in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Bashful female cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), All of our sledding hills are OPEN today! If you go, remember to protect yourself from frostbite and hypothermia by wearing warm, loose-fitting, lightweight clothing in several layers., The picturesque 1.2-mile Rock Creek Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park leads hikers on a basic trail through beautiful beech-maple woods. Cross-country skiing is possible when the trail has at least two inches of snow cover. (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Canada goose along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail in Munroe Falls (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Red-shouldered hawk in Sand Run Metro Park, Naturalist Pat Rydquist: Yellow-rumped warblers spend winter in F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm's Rock & Herb Garden. These small birds are the hardiest of warblers, and change their diet to feast on poison ivy berries and bayberries. You won’t find them in their colorful breeding plumage, but you can identify them by the faint yellow patches on their sides and yellow rumps above their tails. That’s how they got the nickname "butterbutts." (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), White-breasted nuthatch in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Did You Know? We also maintain a very active Instagram account with hundreds of images taken in your Metro Parks. Follow us here: http://instagram.com/summitmetroparks, A great project! A reporter from the Akron Beacon Journal will be on site Friday to do a story about our efforts., A recent late-afternoon sky above Liberty Park in Twinsburg, Our mobile app has been downloaded by more than 9,000 visitors and has a rating of 4.8/5 stars. Download it for FREE:
- Android: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-Android
- iPhone: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-iPhone, Join a naturalist for a lively discussion of "Confessions of a Bad Beekeeper" by Bill Turnbull. Drinks are provided. Please bring a mug. Meet in Shady Hollow Pavilion, 1750 Sand Run Parkway, Akron. Free!, This morning at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, just before sunrise ..., Cars crossing the ford in Sand Run Metro Park, May 1931, "We came across this 'lunch bunch' enjoying a treat left behind by a visitor at Firestone Metro Park," emailed volunteers Debbie and Alan Casanova., Pileated woodpecker along Cherry Lane at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Facebook fan Spud Doodle snapped these photos on Sunday at Sand Run Metro Park's Big Bend Area. Ice skating is also open at Furnace Run Metro Park in Richfield and Gorge Metro Park in Cuyahoga Falls. Dress for the weather and bring your own skates., The Ledges Trail in Liberty Park: Somebody's been here already., "This nuthatch followed me along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail for quite a distance. Every now and again he'd stop and chirp at the top of his lungs and give me a really serious stare. Not sure if I wasn't good enough conversation or if I disturbed his lunch." - Volunteer Jeff Picoult, Black squirrel in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Red-bellied woodpecker in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is closed most Mondays, but it's open today, Monday, January 20, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. ENJOY!, Eastern bluebird along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, Staying warm at Goodyear Heights Metro Park, Winter 1961, Northern cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Belted kingfisher at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Our three skating areas are open: Brushwood Lake in Furnace Run Metro Park, the Big Bend Area in Sand Run Metro Park, and Gorge Metro Park. Dress for the weather and bring your own skates. http://bit.ly/MPSSC-WinterSports (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), REMINDER: Live Christmas trees (cleaned of all decorations) can be "recycled" through January 31. Look for the small signs that identify drop-off locations in the following areas:
- Firestone Metro Park / Little Turtle
- Furnace Run Metro Park / Brushwood
- Goodyear Heights Metro Park / Main Entrance
- Sand Run Metro Park / Treaty Line
- Silver Creek Metro Park / Big Oak

On average, more than 2,000 trees are collected by Metro Parks each year. The resulting mulch is spread out near trailheads or used to create landscaping compost., Have you hiked the 1.1-mile Ledges Trail in Liberty Park? This was the view Friday. It's a moderate trail, and not stroller or wheelchair accessible. But, as we build a nature center in this park in 2014, we'll construct a flat, easy trail above the ledges., This red-tailed hawk, photographed Thursday in Sand Run Metro Park, is showing off the distinctive feature that gives the species its name., Volunteer photographer Rob Blair: "I haven't seen any great blue herons for a few months, and then yesterday I saw three in one short hike! This photo was taken along the Cuyahoga River near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail. The heron looks like an illuminated statue placed in a beautiful river setting with a few friends swimming by in the foreground.", There is still space (pun intended) for Saturday's 'Astronomy: Constellations' series at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Participants 9 and older will learn about constellations in an inflatable planetarium. Programs are available tomorrow at 10:30 a.m., 1 p.m. and 3 p.m. ADVANCE REGISTRATION IS REQUIRED by calling 330-865-8065. Free!, Great horned owls are setting up the nursery. Late January and early February are typical times for Ohio’s largest owls to start laying eggs. Rather than construct their own nests, great horned owls will often use hawk, eagle, heron and even squirrel nests. They lay 3 or 4 eggs that will hatch within 30 days. - Naturalist Danette Rushboldt (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Volunteer Jeff Hill spotted this American goldfinch adding a little "sunshine" several days ago at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Although it is the most common hawk in North America, the red-tailed hawk is still a thrill to see at close range. This handsome hawk visited our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park early this morning., Beginning today, access to Liberty Park's Pond Brook Conservation Area in Twinsburg will be limited for several months as a contractor begins the second phase of a multi-year stream restoration project. About one mile of the Pond Brook stream corridor will be restored, with meanders and riffles added, north of SR 82 and near the Portage County line. The parking lot and 1.6-mile Buttonbush Trail may be closed periodically during construction, but naturalist-led programs scheduled this spring will not be affected. The work, paid for by an Ohio EPA Section 319 Grant, will bring to nearly four miles the total length of Pond Brook restored by Metro Parks since 2007., Buck and doe in Sand Run Metro Park, Mallard in flight along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon: "These pictures aren't from Summit County, but I had to share. I received a tip about a snowy owl in Kidron, Ohio. My wife and I decided to track her down. We drove around every country road in that community for hours without any luck. As we headed home, we passed a horse and buggy stopped by the side of the road. I did a quick turn around and an Amish man had the owl in sight with a spotting scope. It was on top of a huge concrete silo. I took my tripod out and snapped some pictures. She was a long way off, but the sun was hitting her just right. I hope you enjoy the photos. This one goes into my 'bucket list' of birds!", The best way to find a Carolina wren is to listen for the male's loud, piercing teakettle-teakettle song. This guy was causing a ruckus today near our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park., Guess the Spot! Do you know where volunteer Doug Dawes took this recent photo? (Hint: It's south of Downtown Akron.), Indian Signal Tree in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), TO THE NATURE REALM ... AND BEYOND! Now through May 31, our "Above Earth" display includes images from space, a lunar rock, this spacesuit from NASA and more. The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. Admission is always free. Call for details: 330-865-8065., Springtails, little creatures we never really notice, are moving about during winter. They tend to live in leaf litter and decaying material. The springtail gets its name from a tail-like feature on the abdomen, which it uses to catapult itself when threatened. Want to see one? Look when the ground is snow covered and temperatures are warming up. Many times they resemble pepper flakes on the snow, as most are smaller than 6mm in length. – Naturalist Sarah Putnam (Image source: Wikipedia), Construction of Furnace Run Metro Park's Brushwood Pavilion, 1939, Moon over Liberty Park in Twinsburg (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), A dreary winter morning like this is a great time to watch this brief, but beautiful look at the Metro Parks in Summit County, from sunrise to sunset. ENJOY! PLAY! EXPLORE! DISCOVER!, Staring Contest: Wood duck vs. volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon, Children 3 to 6 and their adult companions learned about animal tracks during last Friday's Kinderealm program at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. More FREE programs and events are available for visitors of all ages: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Programs, This morning's sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Black-capped chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), null, Rufous eastern screech-owl along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), null, Entrance to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, 1966, American robin at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Sledding at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South by Chuck Ayers, Akron-based illustrator of the "Crankshaft" comic strip, Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park, January 1961, null, null, While supplies last, pick up a FREE 2014 desk calendar at the visitors center in F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday) or our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park (8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday)., Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), 1/11/14:  All winter sports areas are closed, and today's "Cardboard Classic" (a planned sledding program) at Firestone Metro Park has been cancelled. (Photo by Facebook fan Spud Doodle at Firestone), The eastern screech-owl is a master of disguise. Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this camouflaged bird sunning sleepily in a tree cavity at Firestone Metro Park., Mallard lineup at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Cedar waxwing along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), FAVORITES OF 2013: "It was a very cold, quiet January morning at Munroe Falls Metro Park. The ice on the lake had two beautiful textures that combined to reflect the colorful light in a captivating way." - Volunteer Rob Blair, White-throated sparrow at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), The northern cardinal is the state bird of seven states, including Ohio. We spotted this handsome male a few minutes ago in Sand Run Metro Park., Join a naturalist this Sunday to search for bald eagles at Gorge Metro Park while discovering the comeback story of our national bird. Free!, Eastern gray squirrel at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), FAVORITES OF 2013: "I never get tired of seeing and photographing great blue herons.  During a later afternoon hike along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in April, I spotted a heron just after it caught dinner. It is fascinating to watch them fish and maneuver their catch before they swallow it." - Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo, Sheer sandstone cliffs and roaring whitewater have long lured visitors to the banks of the Cuyahoga River where it divides Akron from Cuyahoga Falls. This postcard was published in 1911, nearly 20 years before the area became Gorge Metro Park., European starling in flight at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), For the first time this season, the skating area in Gorge Metro Park (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls) is OPEN! Users must bring their own skates. (Pictured: Skating at the Gorge in 1963), For the first time this season, the skating area at Big Bend in Sand Run Metro Park (1337 Merriman Rd., Akron) is OPEN! Users must bring their own skates. (Pictured: Skating in Sand Run in 1962), FAVORITES OF 2013: "It was hard to find a safe, unobstructed view that offered the perspective and background I wanted for this steam train rumbling past Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park. It is an awesome experience when it comes chugging by." - Volunteer Kevin Lanterman, Cuyahoga River in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, 8:20 a.m., -9 ºF, We found the one "person" who enjoys sub-zero temps. (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo, at Firestone Metro Park), How COLD is it? At -5 ºF, with a windchill near -30 ºF, this wet shirt was frozen solid in under six minutes today, January 7. Our Summer Biking Spree begins July 1 (i.e., not soon enough)., Overlook Deck at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, 8:40 a.m., Windchill -27 ºF, "Mr. and Mrs. Cardinal were enjoying each other's company in Firestone Metro Park on Saturday, when the temperature was around 30 degrees," emailed volunteer Jerry Cannon. But enough about last weekend's heatwave ..., FAVORITES OF 2013 - "We selected this photo from Firestone Metro Park as one of our favorites because of their wonderful expressions. You just know that the northern cardinal wants the red-bellied woodpecker to share that seed!" - Volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova, "Snowmageddon," "polar vortex" and "deep freeze" have taken over our feed. Yours, too? Here's a non-winter photo. You're welcome., In addition to 14 developed parks and more than 125 miles of trails, Metro Parks manages several conservation areas. Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed the Everett Road covered bridge during a recent visit to Riding Run Conservation Area in Peninsula., Enjoy this image (from volunteer Rob Blair) on your PC, Mac and more. Download our January '14 desktop here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops, Wood duck at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), FAVORITES OF 2013: "This was the wildlife highlight of the year for me. I had never before seen a great horned owl in the wild, so three little ones in a nest together along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail was a truly incredible experience that I will not forget." - Volunteer Rob Blair, Twitter is another great way to receive news and updates from your Metro Parks! Follow us here: https://twitter.com/metro_parks, Live Christmas trees (cleaned of all decorations) can be "recycled" through January 31. Look for the small signs that identify drop-off locations in the following areas:
- Firestone Metro Park / Little Turtle
- Furnace Run Metro Park / Brushwood
- Goodyear Heights Metro Park / Main Entrance
- Sand Run Metro Park / Treaty Line
- Silver Creek Metro Park / Big Oak

On average, more than 2,000 trees are collected by Metro Parks each year. The resulting mulch is spread out near trailheads or used to create landscaping compost., Gorge Metro Park was made possible in 1930, when the Northern Ohio Traction & Light Company donated 144 acres of land to Metro Parks. Previously, the area hosted a park of a different sort – Riverside Park, which opened in 1919 and featured a carousel, roller rink, aerial swing, rowboat livery, concessions and the popular Roseland Ballroom., null, FAVORITES OF 2013: "A red-winged blackbird was dive bombing a great blue heron near its nest along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Eventually the heron took off with the blackbird still attached to its back." - Volunteer Bob Roach, Sand Run Parkway in Sand Run Metro Park, Winter 1931, Look for mourning doves in patches of bare ground and on overhead perches. Volunteer Jeff Hill spotted this one a few days along Firestone Metro Park's Willow Trail., Seneca Deck at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), You're getting sleepy ... (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), FAVORITES OF 2013: "The Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South is one of my favorite spots. The variety of wildlife is spectacular. I've seen bank swallows, kingfishers, kestrels and once a coyote!" - Volunteer Jennie Levy, Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: Feeding birds in the winter is a great way to see what species are in your neighborhood and provide a much needed energy source. Try to fill your feeders early in the day as this is an important winter feeding time. Don’t worry if you miss a day or two of feeding. Birds feed from several spots, not just your back yard., The tufted titmouse is common throughout the Metro Parks and a frequent visitor to backyard feeders. We spotted this one yesterday afternoon in Sand Run Metro Park., While supplies last, pick up a FREE 2014 desk calendar at the visitors center in F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday) or our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park (8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday)., FAVORITES OF 2013: "We saw an osprey off and on during a birding hike on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in March. As we were heading back toward the parking lot the bird flew overhead. I turned and snapped off three quick pictures, including this one." - Volunteer Jeff Hill, "I've had some time to capture snowflake macros over the past few days. I set out some black cloth for the flakes to land on. Using all natural lighting, the contrast provided by the black background really helps enhance the details. Enjoy!" - Volunteer Rob Blair, "These great blue herons at the Nature Realm were frozen stiff," joked volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon., Gorge Metro Park: Glens Trail and the "Crystal Palace" - January 1, 2014, Northern cardinal at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), FAVORITES OF 2013: "This was a surprise photo. It wasn't until the end of my hike at Furnace Run Metro Park that I spotted this image. I had to get down on the ground to get the perspective I wanted, but the effort was worth it." - Volunteer Kevin Lanterman, Rusty blackbird at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Here's something to LIKE about snow: Sled hills are open in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, Firestone Metro Park, Furnace Run Metro Park, Goodyear Heights Metro Park and Munroe Falls Metro Park. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-WinterSports (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), HAPPY NEW YEAR! Are your resolutions health-related? Sign up now for your first or fastest 5K! The 3rd annual Mother's Day 5K is Sunday, May 11 in Munroe Falls Metro Park. Details: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-MD5K (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is CLOSED today, January 1, but the park and its trails are open. The building will welcome the first visitors of 2014 beginning Thursday. Regular hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday., Happy New Year from Metro Parks, Serving Summit County! (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), FAVORITES OF 2013: "It was a very cold and snowy day when I hiked Gorge Metro Park last March. That day was momentous for me because not only did I get to see and photograph a beautiful sleeping red fox, but I also witnessed this majestic eagle pair." - Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo, This morning's New Year's Celebration at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm offered fun for the entire family. Crafts, activities and refreshments helped visitors to ring in the "noon" year., Robins eat an enormous variety of fruits, including chokecherries, hawthorn, dogwood, and sumac fruits, and juniper berries. Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this robin surrounded by a berry banquet a few days ago at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Did You Know? The Akron Metropolitan Park District (now Metro Parks, Serving Summit County) was created on December 31, 1921. The park district's first land acquisition was the tiny .176-acre Courtney Park in Akron's Merriman Valley. We now manage 11,500 acres, including 14 developed parks and 125 miles of trails., Wood duck along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteers Debbie and Alan Casanova), Enjoy a morning filled with fun for the entire family. Crafts, activities and refreshments will help us ring in the New Year! Take a hike while you are here, then warm up by the campfire. Marshmallows are provided. Free!, FAVORITES OF 2013: "This photo of a green heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail offers a realistic view of wildlife AND we love his rockin' hair!" - Volunteers Debbie and Alan Casanova, We shared this image from Facebook fan Charlotte Gunther last week. Many people asked about the red-bellied woodpecker's deformed beak. Naturalist Mike Greene says a beak, which is actually jaw bone, is covered with a sheath made of keratin, the same substance found in our fingernails. Like fingernails, the beak covering is constantly growing. The normal growth rate is offset by everyday wear and tear. Abnormally rapid growth, called avian keratin disorder, causes the beak to become deformed.

Scientists say beak deformities can be caused by environmental contaminants, nutritional deficiencies, or bacterial, viral, fungal or parasitic infections. Unfortunately, the deformities affect the bird’s ability to feed, though many birds appear to cope by relying on food provided by humans at feeders. Deformed beaks also can prevent adequate preening, leaving feathers matted and dirty., null, Red-tailed hawk hovering above Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is closed most Mondays, but it's OPEN TODAY (12/30) from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. ENJOY!, FAVORITES OF 2013: "I love butterflies. I find them a challenge to photograph, but when you get a good photo it is very rewarding." - Volunteer Joe Prekop, Last month we showed you the 12 people who completed all 50 years of the Fall Hiking Spree and turned in their forms before 11/30. Well, there's one more: Jennifer Hoffman! She turned in her hiking form about two weeks ago. Click "like" to join us in congratulating all 13 of these inspirational hikers., There's no date on this historic image from Gorge Metro Park, so we've filed it under "Winter" and "Best Hat Ever.", American black ducks along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, seen earlier this month by volunteer Jerry Cannon, Visitor photo from Springfield Bog Metro Park ... Who doesn't love a good "breakfast sparrow?", Black-capped chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), FAVORITES OF 2013: "I discovered these field mice while repairing a bluebird house at Silver Creek Metro Park. I love the way other tenants move in when the birds aren't using the house. I wish sometimes we could all get along like that." - Volunteer Jerry Cannon, Sledding in Sand Run Metro Park, 1976, Fun yesterday (and every day) at the Nature Realm ..., Gray squirrel in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), American robin at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), FAVORITES OF 2013: "The seed close-up (shot in Munroe Falls Metro Park) reminds me of dandelions; not so great in your yard but with a beauty of their own in the meadow." - Volunteer Doug Dawes, Sledding (and going airborne) in Goodyear Heights Metro Park, 1978, Live Christmas trees (cleaned of all decorations, garland and tinsel) can be "recycled" through January 31. Look for the small signs that identify drop-off locations in the following areas:
- Firestone Metro Park / Little Turtle
- Furnace Run Metro Park / Brushwood
- Goodyear Heights Metro Park / Main Entrance
- Sand Run Metro Park / Treaty Line
- Silver Creek Metro Park / Big Oak, Last night's sunset in Munroe Falls Metro Park, from visitor Brian Wilson, Male northern cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Sunday's sunset in Munroe Falls Metro Park. Did you enjoy the temporary warm-up last weekend? (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this red-tailed hawk Sunday in Munroe Falls Metro Park., Winter fun in Firestone Metro Park, 1976, "Dashing through the Snow." That's what volunteer Doug Dawes titled this one, taken earlier this month in Munroe Falls Metro Park., Male northern cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is CLOSED today, December 25, but the park and its trails are open. Regular building hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), If he has any hope of "graduating" to reindeer, this buck better hurry up. (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair, taken near the Brust Park Trailhead for the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail in Munroe Falls), The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is open 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. today, December 24. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), "She's laughing at us, isn't she?" (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair, taken along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), Nobody triple-dog-dared this woodpecker to stick out its tongue. Well, maybe Facebook fan Charlotte Gunther did. She snapped the photo as the bird feasted at her backyard feeder. A brief explanation from All About Birds: "A red-bellied woodpecker can stick out its tongue nearly two inches past the end of its beak. The tip is barbed and the bird’s spit is sticky, making it easier to snatch prey from deep crevices.", "Liberty Park's many small streams were running high on Saturday ... with all the (melting snow) and rain. Made for a beautiful sight." - Volunteer Jerry Cannon, Volunteer Rob Blair captured last night's sunset in Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area. It doesn't look like a December scene, but we love it just the same., Great gifts await at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm! Our gift shop features many items that are Made in the USA, eco-friendly, recycled or fair trade. It's open today (12/23) until 4:45 p.m., and tomorrow (12/24) from 10 a.m. to 2:45 p.m., The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is closed most Mondays, but it's OPEN TODAY (12/23) from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. ENJOY!, Golden crowned kinglets don't stay still very long. Volunteer Rob Blair: "This is three photos merged to help illustrate how the little birds bounce around.", "Why aren't they called red-headed?" That's a common question when we post images of red-bellied woodpeckers. Here, volunteer Jeff Hill captures the underside of a red-bellied at Goodyear Heights Metro Park. Does the photo help explain the species' name?, "Even though they don't migrate, I still think of the robin as a sign of spring," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed after his visit Wednesday to Firestone Metro Park. Well, it sure feels like early spring out there today., While supplies last, pick up a FREE 2014 desk calendar at the visitors center in F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday) or our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park (8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday)., Muskrats along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Naturalist Emeritus Bert Szabo leading a hike at Furnace Run Metro Park, December 1972, BIRD'S-EYE VIEW: Ohio Edison Dam in Gorge Metro Park, More than 50 FREE programs are available in January! Learn about constellations in an inflatable planetarium, join a naturalist for an owl prowl, enjoy a winter family book walk and more! For details, download our monthly Programs & Events Guide: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-PEGuide, Black-capped chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Metro Parks researchers are tracking coyotes as part of a multi-year project aimed at learning about the wild canines' range, diet and overall health. Here are some candid photos captured by the park district's wildlife cameras., Naturalist Meghan Doran: Winter can be very dreary. Days are short, sunlight is not abundant and most leaves have fallen. Are you searching for a little color in your life? At F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, you don’t have to wander far. It’s only a few steps into the Rock and Herb Garden, where winterberries and bayberries persist. Resident birds add flashes of color, flying to and from these native plants. Along Cherry Lane and Fernwood Trail, look for gorgeous displays of eastern hemlock. As you hike through the meadow, search for bluebirds and hawks hunting for food. You might even run into a flock of goldfinches displaying a little ray of sunshine in their feathers. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Pileated woodpecker along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Volunteer Doug Dawes recently spotted this Cooper's hawk keeping watch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Sled hill at Firestone Metro Park in the 1950s, Male northern cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), "I found this magic squirrel at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm," emailed volunteer Jerry Cannon. "He made a nut disappear right before my eyes!", Enjoy the snow while it lasts. It may disappear by the weekend. Do you LIKE the idea of a December warm-up? (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop, from Goodyear Heights Metro Park), "The way this blue jay was perched and the lighting combined to accent the incredible beauty of this bird," emailed volunteer Rob Blair., A young "spike" buck at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), "I hope I didn't offend this tufted titmouse when I said he had a cone head," emailed volunteer Jerry Cannon. "He still ate seed out of my hand so he must not be too mad.", Pileated woodpeckers are by far the largest woodpeckers in Ohio. We spotted this one a few hours ago near Sand Run Metro Park's Treaty Line Area in Akron., Northern cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), While supplies last, pick up a FREE 2014 desk calendar at the visitors center in F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday) or our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park (8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday)., Eastern bluebird along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Blue jay in flight at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Pioneer Shelter in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), View from the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), Red-bellied woodpecker enjoying a snack at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova), Sledding in Firestone Metro Park, 1949, You lookin' at me? (White-throated sparrow at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, photographed by volunteer Doug Dawes), Today is the last day to earn Fall Hiking Spree credit. (This year only, the deadline was extended two weeks to 12/15.) Did you complete the 50th annual hiking spree? http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FHS2013, Sledding Update: Hills are open in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, Firestone Metro Park, Goodyear Heights Metro Park, Munroe Falls Metro Park and Sand Run Metro Park. Click for details: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-WinterSports (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Alder Pond in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer Rob Vaughn captured this cedar waxwing in mid-munch last week along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Ice skating at Gorge Metro Park, December 1963, Golden-crowned kinglets are small but hardy North American songbirds that can easily survive -40° nights! We spotted this one yesterday in Sand Run Metro Park., Sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Naturalist Dave Brumfield: Snowy owls are invading Ohio! These snow-white birds, familiar to many as Harry Potter’s pet, rarely travel this far south. Since they will most likely stay throughout the winter season, your chances of seeing a snowy owl are better this year than ever before. Use binoculars to look for big white lumps in open fields, on telephone poles or near airports. I photographed this owl last week on the shore of Lake Erie near the football stadium. Good luck!, Debbie is one of our amazing volunteer photographers, and she has been named the Grand Prize winner by Popular Photography for an image she took in the Cleveland Metroparks. Congrats, Debbie, and thanks for making our region look great!, "I took this photo yesterday when the temperature was around 10°," emailed volunteer Joe Prekop. "It was shot in color but I converted it to black and white because it seemed to capture the coldness of the day.", Did You Know? We have roughly 19,430 linear feet (or more than 3.5 miles) of bridges and boardwalks in our parks and multipurpose trails. That equals almost four acres of decking. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Northern cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this snowflake yesterday. Images like this help to make Ohio's very cold weather a little more tolerable., Along Chippewa Trail in Silver Creek Metro Park, mature trees have grown from thousands of seedlings planted by Girl Scout troops between 1967 and 1983., Are you going to share that? (Photo by volunteers Debbie and Alan Casanova), The view from inside Glacier Cave at Liberty Park in Twinsburg (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), While supplies last, pick up a FREE 2014 desk calendar at the visitors center in F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday) or our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park (8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday)., 17 degrees at sunrise this morning. Brrrr!, Red-shouldered hawks can be found in deciduous woodlands, often near rivers and swamps. We spotted this one a few hours ago near Sand Run Metro Park's Treaty Line Area., Entrance to Sand Run Metro Park - Winter 1945, null, This 2013 documentary follows Metro Parks biologists and park partners as they trap, collar and release a coyote, and track collared animals in the wild using UHF and GPS technology., It's our State Bird, the northern cardinal, in all of her December glory. (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach), Visitor Taben Roye spotted this American wigeon at Firestone Metro Park a few days ago. According to Naturalist Pat Rydquist, most wigeons have already migrated through Ohio on their way to warmer regions in the south., Is this mischievous squirrel planning a surprise for an unsuspecting hiker in Sand Run Metro Park?, The return of otters has been in the news, but you can see other semiaquatic mammals along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted two muskrats, including this one, on a trail walk Wednesday., Black-capped chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), We did it! How many more likes can we get by year's end?, You have one more week to earn Fall Hiking Spree credit! That's right; this year's deadline was extended to 12/15. Consider it an anniversary year gift during the 50th annual hiking spree. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FHS2013, Look for winterberry (pictured) at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, along the fence of the Rock & Herb Garden., Northern shovelers along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Mary Campbell Cave in Gorge Metro Park - Winter 1930, We'll update Facebook, Twitter and our seasonal info line (330-865-8060) as winter sports areas open. First one open this weekend is Firestone Metro Park., While supplies last, pick up a FREE 2014 desk calendar at the visitors center in F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday) or our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park (8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday)., The Cuyahoga River in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), White-tailed deer are most active at dawn and dusk. This beautiful buck visited our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park early this morning., Naturalist Renell Simrau: There's more to keeping birds healthy throughout the year than just supplementing their diets. To ensure better health, keep your feeders clean.  Once or twice a month you should take them down and disinfect them using a 10% bleach solution (one part household bleach to nine parts hot water). Scrub away any droppings and old food, then dip the feeders in the bleach solution and allow them to air dry. You should also keep the area under the feeders clean for those birds that forage on the ground. (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), You can attract downy woodpeckers to your backyard feeder with black oil sunflower seeds, millet, peanuts and chunky peanut butter. Volunteer photographer Bob Roach spotted this one a few days ago at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Are you ready for more snow? It's coming. (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill, taken last week at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this eastern screech owl Monday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Volunteer Jeff Hill shared these images from his recent hike along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron. Clockwise from top left: American coot; tree sparrow; belted kingfisher; Canada geese; female northern shoveler; mallard; male northern shoveler., Northern cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Wrap up your holiday shopping with a visit to the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm! The store offers wonderful gifts in all price ranges for coworkers, teachers, friends and family. Many items are eco-friendly, recycled or fair trade. Hours are 10 a.m. to 4:45 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday and noon to 4:45 p.m. Sunday., More than 40 FREE programs are available in December. Create your own Yule log, celebrate the winter solstice,  join a naturalist for an owl prowl and more! For details, download our monthly Programs & Events Guide: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Programs-Dec-2013, Sledding at Goodyear Heights Metro Park, December 1962, Rusty blackbirds breed in the boreal forest across northern Canada and migrate south to the United States during winter. Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted this one on Monday at Firestone Metro Park., While supplies last, pick up a FREE 2014 desk calendar at the visitors center in F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday) or our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park (8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday)., We've posted images of hand-feeding the chickadees at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, but cardinals? Volunteer Jeff Hill photographed his wife feeding this one on Thanksgiving. Wow!, White-breasted nuthatch in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), American bittersweet in Hampton Hills Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), Black-capped chickadee, photographed from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by volunteer Rob Blair, Red-tailed hawk in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South on Saturday (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Though most of last week's snow has melted away, we'll have more soon - and the view from the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South will look like this again. Volunteer Rob Blair captured this beautiful scene Thanksgiving morning., Chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Female cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), null, Red-tail flying over Cascade Valley Metro Park / South on Saturday (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), RARE SIGHTING! Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo spotted an ibis over the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron last Sunday. (You're seeing multiple exposures combined into one image.) Naturalist Meghan Doran confirmed the I.D. "It is an ibis. Maybe a glossy ibis. They are migrating right now, but it's a little strange that it decided to drop in here!", Black-capped chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), We were within inches of this female cardinal Wednesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. She was sitting with two other cardinals while chickadees bounced from tree to tree, anxiously waiting for someone to walk by with seed in hand., Hooded mergansers, taking off from the lake in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Gray squirrel in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Today (11/30) is NOT the last day of this year's Fall Hiking Spree. We've extended the 50th annual event to 12/15, because a number of people were worried about completing the spree when the national park was closed in October (though our parks remained open during the federal shutdown.) Don't think of the extra time as cheating. It’s an anniversary year gift!, Beautiful!, Mallard taking flight along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Jim Childs), Did You Know? The statewide Buckeye Trail passes locally through Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park, O'Neil Woods Metro Park, Sand Run Metro Park and Cuyahoga Valley National Park., Song sparrow along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), After we posted a recent image of a river otter, taken by volunteer Rob Blair, the Akron Beacon Journal contacted us about doing a story on the species' return. Here's another image from Rob, shot along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Click for the story: http://bit.ly/1acJ4YL, Seneca Pond before sunrise Wednesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Less than 100 years ago, Ohio didn’t have any wild turkeys due to farming and loss of habitat. Turkeys were trapped in other states by the Ohio Division of Wildlife in the 1950s and reintroduced, first in the forests of southeast Ohio. Look for them locally in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, Hampton Hills Metro Park, Liberty Park and O'Neil Woods Metro Park. We photographed this one in Sand Run Metro Park., The wild turkey is the largest game bird in North America, ranging from 3 to 4 feet tall and weighing up to 24 pounds. Farm-raised turkeys, the center of a typical Thanksgiving feast, are twice the size of wild turkeys and usually cannot fly because of their size. One of our trail cameras captured this image in 2011., Happy Thanksgiving! The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is CLOSED so staff and volunteers can enjoy the holiday with their families. The building will be open Friday, 11/29, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Did You Know? Wild turkeys inhabit each of Ohio’s 88 counties, and they are commonly seen year-round because the big birds do not migrate. Look for them locally in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, Hampton Hills Metro Park, Liberty Park, O'Neil Woods Metro Park and Sand Run Metro Park. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), You can't miss the winterberry in F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. It is easily spotted near the parking lot, on the left as you walk toward the Rock & Herb Garden., We photographed this seasonal scene earlier today in Sand Run Metro Park. Jogging Trail regulars will surely recognize it., Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed these mini ice sculptures in Munroe Falls Metro Park. Do you see anything in these frozen shapes?, We changed the look of our website. (Empty your cache to see it.) Winter weather is here! http://www.summitmetroparks.org, TALKIN' TURKEY: The big birds have made a big comeback in Ohio. Click the link to hear Naturalist Pat Rydquist interviewed by WKSU's Mark Urycki. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop). http://bit.ly/IoBYuu, Black-capped chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), When winter sports areas open, we'll advise via Facebook, Twitter and our seasonal info line: 330-865-8060., Red-bellied woodpecker in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Our popular desk calendars are now available! Pick up your FREE calendar at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) or our administrative offices (975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron) during regular hours., Ohio.com & Akron Beacon Journal: "12 hikers celebrate completion of all 50 Fall Hiking Sprees." This year's event has been extended to 12/15! http://bit.ly/1gewbTE, 50 YEARS. Each of these 12 hikers has completed the Fall Hiking Spree every year since it started in 1964! We photographed them today at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. 

Pictured, BACK ROW: Frank Mitch, Neva Ucker, George Figel, Bert Szabo, Nancy Grof and Bill Barnes. FRONT ROW: Amy Mitch, Joan Haby, Alice Ryne, Eileene Ball, Mildred Poole and Jenny Pier., Red-shouldered hawk along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteers Debbie and Alan Casanova), "Seneca Pond at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm can be such a tranquil setting," emailed volunteer photographer Jeff Picoult. "The smooth tones of the evening light on the water, along with the stark black and white of this Canada goose, made for a very dramatic photo.", Munroe Falls Metro Park - November 12, 2013 (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), All-Birds Weekend: Extreme close-up of a great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), All-Birds Weekend: Tufted titmouse at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), All-Birds Weekend: A very flexible downy woodpecker in Sand Run Metro Park, All-Birds Weekend: Cedar waxwing in Sand Run Metro Park, All-Birds Weekend: Are you a night owl? We posted this image earlier in the week, but it's worth sharing again., All-Birds Weekend: Mallard floating along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), All-Birds Weekend: White-breasted nuthatch in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), This break from our all-birds weekend is brought to you by Old Man Winter. Our sledding, skating and cross-country skiing areas are NOT open. We'll advise via Facebook, Twitter and our seasonal info line (330-865-8060) when they are. (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), All-Birds Weekend: Pileated woodpecker at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), All-Birds Weekend: Ruddy duck in Firestone Metro Park, photographed Thursday by volunteer Doug Dawes in Firestone Metro Park., We have a special announcement: It's the start of an ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND on Facebook, featuring recent images in your Metro Parks! First up is this beautiful northern cardinal, spotted Wednesday by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Antler growth for white-tailed deer begins in the spring and is over by late summer. This buck, spotted a few hours ago in Sand Run Metro Park, will lose his antlers in late winter and grow a new set next year., Our popular desk calendars are now available! Pick up your FREE calendar at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) or our administrative offices (975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron) during regular hours., Volunteer Bob Roach saw several mallards on a recent hike on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. "The two females were swimming towards me and trying to stare me down." Looks like they succeeded., Nature at Night: Volunteer Robert George captured this scene after dark Monday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. He didn't adjust, color-correct or crop the image; that's how the sky looked at the time., Blue jay in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Looking for a family-friendly activity? Try hand feeding chickadees at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Packets of bird seed are available in the gift shop for $.50, or you can bring your own! Bacteria and mold will grow on seed left on the ground, so please discard unused seed in the bins provided. You can find plenty of chickadees near the campfire area along Cherry Lane. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), null, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I saw this screech owl while walking on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Pretty cool." Yeah, we'll say. Cool indeed., null, Great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), A recent sunrise at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Here's the head of the welcoming committee at Seneca Pond in F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), During last week's snow, Metro Parks Photo Club member Keith Black captured this ... What do you see?, Like this image? Visit our website for November's download, and enjoy the park district on your PC, Mac and more. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Downloads, "Which way to Kent?" (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill, taken at Goodyear Heights Metro Park), Did you see the image we posted last night of the bald eagle pair at the Bath Road Heronry, from volunteer Doug Dawes? Facebook fan Lisa Clouser Grimm followed up with this image in a private message, also taken last Thursday right around the corner from Hampton Hills Metro Park. "My first bald eagle sighting. I was just so excited. I'm surprised it's not blurry from me shaking so much.", Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted these bald eagles last Thursday as he drove by the Bath Road Heronry, right around the corner from Hampton Hills Metro Park., The best way to find a Carolina wren is to listen for the male's loud, piercing teakettle-teakettle song in woody areas. Volunteer photographer Jeff Hill saw (and heard) this male on Saturday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Volunteer photographer Rob Blair: Here's one more photo from last week at Munroe Falls Metro Park. I still can't get over the way all the colors came together. A number of people were asking to see more of my 1,500 photos from that day, so I figured I would share one more!, Otters are native to Ohio but disappeared in the early 1900s due to trapping and loss of habitat. The Ohio Division of Wildlife began reintroducing the species to the state in 1986, and they can now be found in most Ohio counties. Volunteer Rob Blair discovered this one last week along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Wood ducks can be found in wooded swamps, marshes, streams, beaver ponds and small lakes. We spotted this one along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron., If you look close enough, you can still see a little fall color out there. Volunteer Jim Childs spotted this, which he called "Solo Red," in Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area., Guess the Spot! Where in Summit County did volunteer Jennie Levy take this photo last Saturday? (Yep, it's one of our 14 parks.), The snow earlier this week didn't scare away all the robins. The birds are here year-round (so their presence is not a sign of spring as many people believe come February or March). Volunteer Bob Roach spotted this one Tuesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Worried about finishing the Fall Hiking Spree by month's end? You have a whole month remaining! That's right, this year we've extended the 50th annual event to 12/15. The reason: a number of people were worried about completing the spree when the national park was closed in October (though our parks remained open during the federal shutdown.) Don't think of the extra time as cheating. It’s an anniversary year gift!, Volunteer photographer Jeff Hill witnessed this tender moment yesterday along the Piney Woods Trail at Goodyear Heights Metro Park., Great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Nothing to see here? Look closer. Volunteer Jeff Hill photographed a well-camouflaged brown creeper this morning on a hike in Goodyear Heights Metro Park., Did You Know? Mary Campbell Cave in Gorge Metro Park used to be called Old Maid's Kitchen. In the summer, tourists to the area had lunch lowered to them from the cliff above - for a fee, of course., Although fall color season is coming to an end, pockets of color can still be found throughout your Metro Parks. Volunteer Jerry Cannon captured this pretty image on Monday before the snow arrived., "My belly hurts," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed. "I knew I shouldn't have eaten that last acorn.", Alder Trail at Goodyear Heights Metro Park - 11/13/13 (Photos by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Rob Blair: I'm just beginning to sort through the 1,500 photos I took yesterday at Munroe Falls Metro Park. I have never seen so many bright fall colors combined with snow and good sunlight. It was mesmerizing., Autumn meets winter at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), White-tailed deer in Sand Run Metro Park - 11/12/13, Volunteer Doug Dawes called this photo, taken two weeks ago at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, "Boxed Lunch ... for a Hawk.", What a difference a day makes! F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm looked like this Monday when volunteer Jeff Hill hiked the Cherry Lane and Fernwood trails. It looks a lot different this morning; like a winter wonderland., "I saw this young doe reluctantly crossing the cold, deep Cuyahoga River to catch up with her siblings who were waiting on the other side," emailed volunteer Rob Blair., Volunteer photographer Jeff Hill spotted this red-breasted nuthatch on Friday morning at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. You can attract this small songbird to your yard by offering sunflower seeds, peanuts and suet., The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is normally closed Mondays, but it's OPEN TODAY for Veterans Day, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission is always free., As we look back on the week that was, we want to thank Summit County voters once more for their overwhelming support of Metro Parks on Election Day. THANK YOU!, Red-bellied woodpecker in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Visitors to the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) receive 15% off all purchases today and tomorrow. (The building, normally closed Mondays, is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. for Veterans Day on 11/11.) The gift shop offers great nature-related gifts for all ages and interests: Metro Parks apparel, plush toys, children’s books, field guides, greeting cards, jewelry and more., Mostly herbivorous, groundhogs primarily eat wild grasses and other vegetation, including berries and agricultural crops, when available. We spotted this one snacking in Sand Run Metro Park a few days ago., Cedar waxwing in Sand Run Metro Park, Our mobile app has been downloaded by more than 8,000 visitors and is rated 4.9/5 stars on Google Play! Download it for FREE:
- Android: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-Android
- iPhone: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-iPhone, Visitor Stephen Leonardi shared this old-but-new image of the Indian Signal Tree, taken last week in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. The tree is in the park's Chuckery Area, at 837 Cuyahoga St., Akron., Volunteer Rob Blair: This photo from Cascade Valley Metro Park / South's Overlook Deck may look completely surreal, but it's the real deal. This is simply a double exposure where I merged two photos taken within seconds of each other. The top half was exposed for the sky, and the bottom half was a longer 30-second exposure to illuminate the valley. I've never done a double exposure when it was still technically dark out. I think I'll have to do more of these photos this winter!, Volunteer Joe Prekop captured this beautiful image a few days ago in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., Cooper's hawk at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: This fall, be on the lookout for abandoned nests and animal homes, including baldfaced hornet nests. These insects combine cellulose or wood from rotting trees with saliva to produce a paste for nest building. To find a nest, look for large gray egg shapes in trees or shrubs. The nests can be as high as 60 feet off the ground., Visitors to the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) receive 15% off all purchases today through Monday. (The building, normally closed Mondays, is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. for Veterans Day on 11/11.) The gift shop offers great nature-related gifts for all ages and interests: Metro Parks apparel, plush toys, children’s books, field guides, greeting cards, jewelry and more., The Indian Signal Tree in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, photographed Sunday by volunteer Jennie Levy, White-throated sparrow in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Cedar waxwing along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Fall colors at Gorge Metro Park, "I was repairing a bluebird house when this guy appeared at the door to see what the racket was," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed. (Jerry not only takes great photos; he's also one of our citizen scientists.), Carolina wren along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), The Cuyahoga River in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Robert George), It's a GREAT day in the Metro Parks! Volunteer Rob Blair captured this morning's sunrise (pictured) from Munroe Falls Metro Park. County-wide, park supporters are celebrating Tuesday's approval of Issue 2, which passed with 75% of the vote. It will fund your Metro Parks for the next seven years., Today, Mother Nature is happy. Summit County Issue 2 passed Tuesday with 75% of the vote. In Cuyahoga County, Issue 80 for Cleveland Metroparks passed with 70%. Northeast Ohio values its parks and trails! (Pictured: A juvenile bald eagle over the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, photographed by volunteer Rob Blair), Issue 2, a 7-year, 1.46-mill levy for Metro Parks, passed with 75% of the vote Tuesday, November 5, 2013. Thank you, Summit County!, Deer mating season ("the rut") has begun. Males chase females relentlessly - sometimes across busy roads - so be careful when driving through the Metro Parks. We saw this buck Friday in Sand Run Metro Park., Maple trees at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), The view from the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, from visitor Brian Wilson, Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this beautiful white-crowned sparrow last week in Munroe Falls Metro Park., "Looks like we are at peak color now. What a beautiful day to be out in our Metro Parks." - Volunteer Joe Prekop, after a weekend hike. (Look closely. That's the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South.), Visitor Dennis Roliff captured lots of yellow Saturday on his hike in Furnace Run Metro Park., Here's another look at the bald eagle that volunteer Rob Blair  recently spotted near Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. (We posted a previous photo Sunday morning.), It's the start of another work week, so hang on. We'll get through this. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), "I had to share this," emailed volunteer Jerry Cannon after a trip to Liberty Park. "It was about a quarter-inch long. I know some people don't like spiders, but how could you not love those beautiful eyes?", Milkweed bugs in F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Fall colors in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Rob Blair spotted this bald eagle Thursday near Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., Blue jay in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Fall colors in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Female northern cardinal in F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Fall colors in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), "The spider seems to be saying, 'Dew drop into my web.' " - Volunteer Jerry Cannon, after visiting Hampton Hills Metro Park this week, Volunteer Jennie Levy: "I thought I might catch the fall colors on the Indian Signal Tree (in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South), but they were still pretty green last Sunday. The blue sky and clouds offered a magnificent backdrop though for this great tree.", Naturalist Mike Greene: "It seems that the frosty nights of this past week have accelerated fall colors and caused leaves to fall, later than usual. The delay is believed to be from overall warmer temperatures in September and early October. 'Timely' leaf change, as well as best color, is caused by cold nights and sunny days during this critical period. For a last peek at autumn colors, visit your Metro Parks in the coming days. Two that I highly recommend are Sand Run Metro Park and Hampton Hills Metro Park.", Did you hear? We've extended the 50th annual Fall Hiking Spree to December 15! When the national park was closed, we heard from people who were concerned about completing our annual event (though our parks remained open.) So this year only, hike the trails through 12/15 to earn spree credit. Don't think of the extra time as cheating. It’s an anniversary year gift., Did You Know? The classic #Halloween image of a bat is a silhouette flying across a full moon. Bats actually do not like moonlight because it makes them visible to predators. (Pictured: a big brown bat; photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Did You Know? Bats use hiking trails for the same reasons we do — they are well-marked and easy to travel. And on trails, bats do not have to dodge trees and the canopy overhead helps protect them from predators. #Halloween (Pictured: a hoary bat; photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Like this image? Visit our website for November's download, and enjoy the park district on your PC, Mac and more. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Downloads, Did You Know? In October, bats swarm in front of their hibernation caves and rock ledges to engage in mating and courtship rituals. #Halloween (Pictured: a northern long-eared bat; photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Several hundred people stopped by our Hiking Spree Shield Assistance event last night at Goodyear Heights Metro Park. Are you making good progress toward completing the 50th annual Fall Hiking Spree?, Did You Know? Metro Parks biologists have documented nine species of bats in our parks, including big brown, little brown, tri-colored, silver-haired (pictured), northern long-eared, red, hoary, small-footed and Indiana bats. #Halloween (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), This morning we met this great lady, Jennie, at Firestone Metro Park. She completed the first 49 years of the Fall Hiking Spree with her husband, Russ, who passed away last December. Several weeks ago she completed her 50th spree. "I did it for me," she told us, holding both of their staffs.

Jennie met Russ when he was a lifeguard at Renner's, the predecessor to Munroe Falls Metro Park. The couple married in 1962 and began the spree in '64, its first year. Their two children hiked with them for many years, and they completed spree hikes on weekends. Weekdays were just too busy; Mom and Dad were teachers in the Akron Public Schools. Today, the fall tradition continues: Russ and Jennie's four grandchildren, ages 8 to 15, are earning hiking shields.

Jennie is one of just 12 people who have completed (or will soon complete) the first 50 years of the Fall Hiking Spree. It was truly a pleasure to meet her., 'Twas a beautiful morning in the Metro Parks. We took this photo in the Tuscarawas Meadows Area in Firestone Metro Park in Akron., You've hiked eight trails to earn this year's hiking shield, but attaching it to your hiking staff may be harder than completing the hikes. Volunteers will gladly attach it for you at no charge. Cheeks the chipmunk will also be available for photos from 4 to 6 p.m., "I took this photo of an immature red-tailed hawk eating a squirrel on Monday in Sand Run Metro Park. He let me get within six feet of him." - Naturalist Dave Brumfield, Volunteer Rob Blair: This cooperative great blue heron allowed me to move around freely and take several hundred shots before he took off. I was able to get the exact shot I have been trying to achieve for a long time. Enjoy!, Frost and fog this morning at Goodyear Heights Metro Park, Belted kingfisher along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Frost in Springfield Bog Metro Park, Great photo from a visitor this morning in Springfield Bog Metro Park, A colorful fall scene along the Mingo Trail in Sand Run Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Kimberley Ardelian), Did You Know? American robins can be found in Ohio throughout the year. We spotted this one on Saturday in Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area., "I went down to the lake at Munroe Falls Metro Park for sunset photos and ended up encountering some deer in a nearby meadow," emailed volunteer Rob Blair. "This young doe struck a beautiful pose for me, so I naturally concluded she really wanted her picture posted on Facebook.", Rock Creek Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), House sparrow at Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), The Cuyahoga River, as seen last week in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South by volunteer Jennie Levy, Beech leaves in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Trees illuminated by the sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), "I was fortunate enough to get a picture of the endangered top-winged chickadee" at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed Wednesday, no doubt with a wink., Red-bellied woodpecker in Sand Run Metro Park, We shot this yesterday in Sand Run Metro Park. We're losing a lot of leaves in this spot, but there are still great pockets of fall color. There's even a good amount of green remaining in the park., Spooky Spiders! Naturalist Meghan Doran: "The month of October is a great time to face your fears when it comes to spiders. Don’t worry; you don’t have to be afraid! These beautiful creatures are not creepy at all, and most are not venomous to people. The marbled orbweaver is a great example of a spider that may appear to be intimidating, but in reality it is harmless. They are sometimes referred to as the #Halloween spider, because of their black, orange and white coloration. Remember, they are good to have around, especially because they eat things that really 'bug' you." (Photo by Naturalist Dave Brumfield), The Cuyahoga River, photographed Tuesday in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South by volunteer Joe Prekop, Right place, right time. That's volunteer Rob Blair, who captured this scene Wednesday in Munroe Falls Metro Park. "The falling leaf was worth the wait. I found a beautiful scene at the lake and took a bunch of shots before I got this one with the leaf falling.", Our second photo today from this regular visitor to Springfield Bog Metro Park ..., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "This maple leaf was making an 'ash' of itself" at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Yep, it's getting colder, but it's not any less beautiful., Volunteer Doug Dawes sent us this image of "angry clouds" yesterday. A sign of what's to come?, Barn in the Top O' the World Area at Hampton Hills Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), null, The Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Wood ducks along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Fall colors at Munroe Falls Metro Park's Lake Area (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Guess the Spot! Do you know where this photo was taken last week? Hint: It's a Metro Park in Summit County, Ohio, USA. (Hope that narrows down the geographical region.), The Cuyahoga River in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Bethany Woznicki), Visitors enjoying the Overlook Deck yesterday afternoon in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Do you need some motivation to complete the 50th annual Fall Hiking Spree? Neva Ucker (left, age 93) and Eileene Ball (right, age 87) have completed EVERY spree since the event began in 1964. Neva's family bought her 50 red roses to celebrate her achievement. Congratulations to both of these inspirational hikers!, Here are a few of the very creative entries from Sunday's scarecrow build-off at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. (Photos by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Mallard coming in for a landing on the Cuyahoga River along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail in Munroe Falls (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Peak fall color? This may be the week to see it in your Metro Parks. Volunteer Jeff Hill took this photo Thursday in Gorge Metro Park., Great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Fall colors in Liberty Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Today in Firestone Metro Park!, "This was taken (Thursday) in the open field just south of the lake at Munroe Falls Metro Park. It was about as beautiful a sight as I have seen yet this year." - Volunteer Rob Blair, Wooly bear in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bethany Woznicki), Fall colors in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Carolina wren in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), null, Great blue heron at the SR 91 / Brust Park Trailhead for the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Sulphur butterfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), File under "Bad Hair Day", Fall colors (and the Cuyahoga River) in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Salad for lunch? (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Naturalist Dave Brumfield: “This one fungus you’ll not soon forget! The bleeding tooth fungus, or ‘strawberries and cream,’ is an unusual type of mushroom because of its unique appearance. Oozing out of its pores is a gooey red liquid. The red sap emerges from the fungus when it is young and moist.

"Mushrooms are the fruiting body of the fungus and serve one purpose: to produce spores. In one sense, they are like an apple on a tree. The apple contains seeds to produce new trees, whereas the mushroom has spores to produce more mushrooms. 

"The bleeding tooth fungus produces its spores on spines or teeth, as compared to gills or pores. It typically fruits on the ground under conifers.

"Fall is a good time of year to look for these mushrooms, especially a day or two after it has rained. I found this particular mushroom along one of our trails, growing at the base of a tree. So the next time you are out on a hike, stop and look at some these unique and fascinating fungi growing in the Metro Parks.”, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "Found this little guy (a spotted salamander) at Liberty Park. I think he was heading to the woods for the winter.", Tony (pictured), who appears in one of this year's Fall Hiking Spree ads, emailed the following today: "I don't know if you can even imagine what you have done for me and my children, family, friends and co-workers! Thank you for choosing us, our lives will always be richer." If YOU want to be in an ad next year, email us ASAP! We need one more hiking spree family/individual to feature in '14. marketing@summitmetroparks.org, This painted turtle at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm appears to be fighting sleep. Who doesn't enjoy a good nap? (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), The lake at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Fall colors at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bethany Woznicki), Our new Metro Parks flag was flown for the first time today over the administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park., And the winner is ... This morning we stopped by Century Cycles in Peninsula, where store manager Doug Charnock pulled the name of the person who completed our inaugural Summer Biking Spree and won a brand-new Raleigh bike. We left a message for the winner, who lives in Stow, so check your messages!, On this gloomy morning, here's something that will brighten your day ..., Volunteer Jeff Hill photographed these beech blight aphids at Goodyear Heights Metro Park earlier this month. Have you seen these "things" move? Watch a brief video here: http://youtu.be/4R96LkJOi10, Saturday's sunset at the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bethany Woznicki), Have you seen the new picnic shelter in the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park? Thousands of visitors have enjoyed this great area since it opened in 2011, and now it's even better. See for yourself, and earn Fall Hiking Spree credit through 11/30, when you hike the 2-mile Meadow Trail., The Cuyahoga River in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Saturday's view from the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), null, Borrow our exploration pack on your next visit to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. The backpack includes field guides, binoculars, magnifying glasses and bird songs to help you explore the trails. And it's free to borrow. Call 330-865-8065, or stop by the naturalist-on-duty desk. - Naturalist Renell Simrau, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "Did my sixth hike for the Fall Hiking Spree at Alder Pond with my granddaughters. Beautiful!", null, The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is usually closed Mondays, but it's OPEN TODAY for Columbus Day. Stop by 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission is always free. Dogs are not permitted, but leashed pets are welcome in our 13 other parks., White-tailed deer crossing the Cuyahoga River near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail in Munroe Falls (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo shared these fascinating fungi photos from her recent hike at Liberty Park in Twinsburg., "We watched this squirrel remove the outer hull of this black walnut in less than a minute," emailed volunteers Debbie and Alan Casanova., Volunteer photographer Rob Blair: I found this very cool little "spotlight effect" happening early yesterday morning along the Cuyahoga River. I was hoping something would drift by for the short duration it was there...and what do ya know...along came a goose., Milkweed along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Sunrise at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Staring contest! (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), "I spotted this turtle while hiking at O'Neil Woods Metro Park," emailed volunteer Jerry Cannon. "The camouflage was certainly effective in the fall leaves.", Are you participating in the Fall Hiking Spree? You could be featured in our ads next year, just like Carolyn and Jim. Send us your story, maybe even a photo from a recent hike, and tell us why you love the spree. Either a private message on Facebook or an email will do: marketing@summitmetroparks.org. The spree continues through 11/30., Late Wednesday on the Parcours Trail in Sand Run Metro Park, "This is a first for me," volunteer Jeff Hill emailed. "(Naturalist) Pat Rydquist responded to my request for help ... and she believes this is a Lincoln's sparrow." Have you seen one of these in the Metro Parks? Maybe you have and didn't realize it. (Photo taken at Springfield Bog Metro Park), Volunteer photographer Rob Blair: Here's a shot from last night at Munroe Falls Metro Park. Though the moon wasn't full, the long exposure shots combined with the halo of mist made it look like it was full., Are you participating in the Fall Hiking Spree? You could be featured in our ads next year, just like Tony and his children William and Shanean. Send us your story, maybe even a photo from a recent hike, and tell us why you love the spree. Either a private message on Facebook or an email will do: marketing@summitmetroparks.org. The spree continues through 11/30., An early-morning glimpse at some of the activity in Springfield Bog Metro Park, The Buttonbush Trail at Liberty Park in Twinsburg: Here is the trail's namesake, the buttonbush. The plant looks beautiful right now., Red-tailed hawk at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Are you participating in the Fall Hiking Spree? You could be featured in our ads next year, just like Amanda, Pat and their children, Maddie and Elliott. Send us your story, maybe even a photo from a recent hike, and tell us why you love the spree. Either a private message on Facebook or an email will do:  marketing@summitmetroparks.org. The spree continues through 11/30., The 2-mile Meadow Trail at Munroe Falls Metro Park is included in the 50th annual Fall Hiking Spree. Earn rewards by hiking at least eight designated trails before November 30. First-year hikers earn a hiking staff and shield. Veteran hikers earn a hiking shield., null, Volunteer Bob Roach photographed this sawfly larva last week at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Naturalist Meghan Doran told us sawfly larvae are covered in a white, waxy coating after molting for the second time, then turn a very colorful black and orange., Excuse us if you've heard this already, but we continue to get questions, so ... YES, WE'RE OPEN! Our parks are not affected by the government shutdown., Wooly bear at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer photographer Rob Blair: "What an incredible scene it was at the Overlook Deck on Friday morning. The sun began filling the valley with beautiful, golden light at about 8 a.m., and the fog was just the perfect amount to capture it. Add to it the backlit fall colors in the leaves, and I certainly won't forget this scene for a long time to come.", Have you seen the Harter Barn lately in Silver Creek Metro Park? Its restoration was completed earlier this year. Part of the barn, which is used for storage, dates back to the Civil War., null, While national parks across the country are closed, including CVNP right here in Northeast Ohio, your Metro Parks are open. We're locally funded by a Summit County real-estate tax, not by Washington, D.C., More than 1,500 people enjoyed last night's FREE hayrides at the Fall Family Outing at Goodyear Heights Metro Park. Did you miss out? We'll do it all again next Saturday from 6 to 9 p.m. at Silver Creek Metro Park, 5000 Hametown Rd., Norton., FREE hayrides and more! Event begins tonight at 6 at Goodyear Heights Metro Park., Grasshopper at Hampton Hills Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), We're OPEN. Our parks are not affected by the government shutdown., Fall colors at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Deer mating season ("the rut") will begin soon. Males chase females relentlessly — sometimes across busy roads — so be careful when driving through the Metro Parks. We spotted this buck traveling solo in Sand Run Metro Park earlier today., Naturalist Pat Rydquist: "The tick-trefoil caloptilia moth is only a quarter-inch long. However, the way it rests on its forelegs makes me think it is daring any bat to eat it. This 'moth with an attitude' is in the leaf blotch miner family. The one pictured visited a recent moth program at Furnace Run Metro Park." (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), "I just barely missed the rainbow last night, but not long after I came upon this beautiful scene at Munroe Falls Metro Park," emailed volunteer photographer Rob Blair., There was a HUGE rainbow near Gorge Metro Park tonight. Did anyone get a good photo of it?, Chipmunk with a buckeye nut at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Enjoy this brief, but beautiful look at the Metro Parks in Summit County, from sunrise to sunset. Our 14 parks and 125 miles of trail are OPEN and not affected by the government shutdown., Volunteer Doug Dawes snapped this beautiful photo yesterday at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., Sadly, Cuyahoga Valley National Park remains closed, and that includes some of the Towpath Trail. But more than half of the trail remains open in Summit County. We manage 22.4 miles; the City of Akron about three. Heading north from Botzum Trailhead in Akron until you reach Cleveland Metroparks, it's closed. #shutdown (Photo from '12 by volunteer Joe Prekop, "I saw this beauty at sunset last night along the narrow tree line in Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area," emailed volunteer Rob Blair. "I love seeing the deep reds emerging!", Sulphur butterfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Mingo Trail in Sand Run Metro Park  (Photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), "I had to pay this bullfrog a buck to pose for me," joked volunteer Jerry Cannon after a visit Friday to Liberty Park. "It was worth it because this shows how big he was.", We had 13 employees participate in the Akron Marathon relay, half- and full-marathon events Saturday, including these two first-time marathoners. Congratulations to Sgt. Gmerek and Cpt. Carris from the Metro Parks ranger department, and to all 15,000 people who ran the Blue Line. #runAkron, Consider this image a companion to one we shared Monday. Volunteer Doug Dawes saw these egrets a short time ago at Seasons Road in Stow. "Great scenery for morning and afternoon commutes or on your way to a Metro Park," he emailed., We're locally owned and operated, and not affected by the shutdown of the federal government. Our day-to-day operations and public programs are paid for by Summit County property owners and a 1.46-mill real-estate tax. Most Metro Parks areas are open 6 a.m. to 11 p.m., unless otherwise posted., Saturday's sunset in the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bethany Woznicki), About 6 miles of the Akron Marathon traveled through areas managed by Metro Parks, including this scenic section in Sand Run Metro Park near mile 17 of the race., This wasn't on Metro Parks property, but volunteer Jerry Cannon thought it was worth sharing. He spotted this egret a short time ago on Seasons Road in Stow. "The lighting was very bright, so the water looks like it was frozen.", Fall into autumn fun with hayrides, bonfires, naturalist activities, live music, apple cider, cookies and more. A wheelchair-accessible hay wagon is available. Support provided by Acme Fresh Market. FREE!, "It's been a slow year for caterpillars," Jerry Cannon emailed. "I was excited to find this one (Friday) at Liberty Park." It's a milkweed tussock moth caterpillar., Like this? Download our October '13 desktop/wallpaper here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Desktops (Photo by Eilert Ofstead), Fog at Big Bend, on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Rob Blair), Sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park, shot Wednesday by volunteer Rob Blair, Congratulations to ALL of the runners in the 2013 Akron Marathon! We hope the relay teams and full marathon runners enjoyed their time in Sand Run Metro Park (pictured here)., Sunset at Liberty Park, shot Wednesday by Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes, The Rock & Herb Garden at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Cabbage white at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Good morning! Volunteer Joe Prekop shot this Friday at 7:15 a.m., from the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., Watch for these shirts tomorrow (9/28) along the Blue Line during the 11th running of the Akron Marathon. We have one employee relay team, six staffers running the half (13.1 miles) and two employees competing in the full 26.2-mile race., Government shutdown? We're not trying to get political; just reminding you that our parks and trails will remain open. We're locally owned and operated, funded by a Summit County real-estate tax., Sassafras leaves in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, photographed this morning by volunteer Joe Prekop, Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this peregrine falcon on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail this morning. He called it "a towpath treat.", null, null, Asters (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), We discovered an artist working on his latest masterpiece this afternoon in Sand Run Metro Park., Here's a look at last night's sunset, shot from Springfield Bog Metro Park. There's another view of it on the park's Facebook page., Got a minute? Check out our new 1-minute video, "We're Your Back Yard." We hope it inspires you to play and explore., It's a bird! It's a plane! It's ... Super Turtle? (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), We spotted this Pileated Woodpecker a few minutes ago in Sand Run Metro Park's Treaty Line Area. This species has a loud, far-carrying song that can be heard in woodlands and mature forests throughout your Metro Parks., "Here's a serene scene from early this morning along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail," emailed volunteer Rob Blair. "It felt like I was walking in a painting.", "Recently, visitors have shared pictures of a huge caterpillar on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. It's more than five inches long and has 'horns.' It feeds on walnut, ash, cherry and hickory trees. Appropriately, it's called a hickory horned devil. These caterpillars are mostly seen when getting ready to pupate to survive the winter months in a below-ground cell. The following year, this beautiful caterpillar turns into a regal moth, also known as royal walnut moth." - Naturalist Sarah Putnam (Visitor photo), "It's all fun and games until somebody bites your head off," emailed volunteer Jerry Cannon about this great image he captured yesterday at  Liberty Park in Twinsburg., null, About six miles of Saturday's Akron Marathon will travel through areas managed by Metro Parks. The park district's mascot, Cheeks the chipmunk, will be cheering on runners along Sand Run Parkway. Will we see you out on the course?, Monarch butterfly at Liberty Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), "Food Fight" at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Brushwood Lake at Furnace Run Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), Here's a great story and photo from park visitor Doug Stuckey: "I returned last week from summiting Mt.  Kilimanjaro. Here is a picture of me and my two brothers at the peak. My main training came from hiking in Gorge Metro Park.  That is a beautiful park! Thanks for all you do to provide great parks for the community.", Last night's sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Don't blame us for the nightmares. Volunteer Doug Dawes is the culprit who sent this photo, which he called "Lurking," from F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., "Ambitious squirrel," volunteer Doug Dawes wrote. "Winter can't be too far away." (What, too soon?), Browns fan: Have you buried your head yet? Are you already waiting for next year? (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill, shot along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Look closely: How many suns do you see here? This photo was taken Tuesday at Munroe Falls Metro Park, and you're observing a sun dog, or sundog. According to the website Weather Notebook: "When visible, sundogs are always seen horizontally just to the right or left of the sun. They look like a shiny, iridescent patch of cloud, about the size of the sun. In fact, they're sometimes called mock suns because the real sun may be hidden behind a cloud. When sunlight, which is made up of all the colors of the spectrum, hits the ice crystals in the cloud, it bends a little. The ice crystal acts as a prism, separating the sunlight into different colors and forming a sundog. Rainbows are basically the same type of thing, except that in rainbows it is raindrops that serve as prisms instead of ice crystals.", Milkweed bugs near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Wild turkey in Sand Run Metro Park, Does today's weather make you want to sit around like a slug? Tomorrow should be a great day to EXPLORE your Metro Parks! (Photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn, shot Monday at Hampton Hills Metro Park), Pondhawk dragonfly at Hampton Hills Metro Park, photographed Monday by volunteer Jerry Cannon, Sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park - 9/18/13 (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Twilight at the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park - 9/17/13, Just us, or is this great blue heron laughing? (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes, shot along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), "I confess, this was created in Photoshop," volunteer Jennie Levy emailed earlier this week after a visit to Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. "Sometimes I could be out there all day looking at shapes and angles.", Volunteer Joe Prekop photographed the moon Tuesday night over Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. The moon is full tonight. (Does that explain anything?), "We did our first (spree) hike last night for Maddie's birthday," Amanda wrote today. She is pictured with husband Pat and children Elliott and Maddie, all featured in some of our Fall Hiking Spree ads this year. "I was so proud she walked the whole way (at Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park)." Have YOU started the spree yet? http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FHS2013, Tiger swallowtail butterfly at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), "This great blue heron was at the edge of the lake (at Munroe Falls Metro Park) when I arrived, so I had time to set up my shot before he saw me," volunteer Rob Blair emailed Wednesday. "When he took off, I was right where I wanted to be to get the colors and effect.", Widow skimmer dragonfly at Hampton Hills Metro Park, photographed Monday by volunteer Jerry Cannon, Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this hummingbird yesterday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. It was enjoying one of the last few days of summer. (The season officially changes Sunday.), Steam has left the valley, but not before Metro Parks volunteer Kevin Lanterman photographed the old locomotive Sunday as it rumbled past Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park., Green heron, spotted along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by volunteer Jeff Hill, Last night's sunset, shot from Cascade Valley Metro Park / South by volunteer Joe Prekop, "Found this guy sleeping in the sun at Liberty Park," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed yesterday. He labeled the photo "ZZZZZZZ Mantis.", It was gorgeous out today when we snapped this image at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. When was your last picnic in the Metro Parks?, "I'm not sure if there's even such a thing as a 'pretty' woodchuck photo, but I must give this guy full credit for trying," emailed volunteer photographer Rob Blair., null, This happened yesterday on Facebook. Hooray!, Join the Friends TOMORROW (9/17) for this free presentation. Click for details., Great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer photographer Joe Prekop shared these images from a recent walk along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., null, We're halfway through the first month of the 50th annual Fall Hiking Spree. Have you started it yet? The spree continues through 11/30. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FHS2013, Viceroy butterfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), 50 Years of the Fall Hiking Spree: Jim and Carolyn Mackey have been earning hiking shields since 1992. “Jim wasn’t thrilled with the Browns games, so he decided we were going to do this on Sundays,” Carolyn said. “I was tired of sitting around, watching, and I said, ‘Let’s do something,’ ” Jim added., The Indian Signal Tree in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), Wood duck along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Sunrise above the Cuyahoga River in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Early fall is the perfect time to listen to Earth's first musicians in concert: crickets and katydids! Cleveland Institute of Music faculty member Dr. Lisa Rainsong will help you learn who is singing and how to find them. Includes an indoor presentation and a hike through the outdoor “concert hall.” All ages are encouraged to attend. FREE., From Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: "We received several calls regarding the green darner swarms that occurred on Wednesday. These large dragonflies swarm and feed on insects to build up their fat reserves in preparation for migration to the southern United States and Mexico. Their movements have also been linked to warm and cold fronts, like the one that passed through the area on Wednesday.", "A very common bird, yet such a beautiful accent to its natural environment," emailed volunteer Rob Blair about this impressive photo of a sparrow landing at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Father bug, mother bug and baby bug? (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Want to learn how to bring nature to your home? Join the Friends for this FREE presentation next Tuesday., Great capture from a Facebook fan ..., "This heron stalked this fish for several minutes before thrusting his beak into the water and stabbing it," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed after recent trek down the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Don't look now, but we took this photo earlier today just off the Jogging Trail in Sand Run Metro Park. #fallcolors, null, The NKP 765 Steam Locomotive rumbling through Sand Run Metro Park's Big Bend Area on Sunday morning (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Locust borer on goldenrod (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Sycamore tussock moth caterpillar photographed in Sand Run Metro Park, Goldenrod and blue skies at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Friday's sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Volunteer photographer Rob Blair captured this stunning image of a great blue heron during an early morning visit to the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., Participants enjoyed sunny skies, towering rock ledges and breathtaking scenery during Saturday's kayaking program in Gorge Metro Park. Find more fun, FREE naturalist-led programs here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Programs, "These tree frogs at Munroe Falls Metro Park were a little camera shy," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed Thursday., Brown and Orange? This is the best we could do. It's a fungus called chicken of the woods, and volunteer Jennie Levy recently photographed it in Munroe Falls Metro Park., Participants enjoyed this unique view of the Ohio Edison Dam during yesterday's 'Paddle the Gorge' program., "The morning dew at Hampton Hills Metro Park left some beautiful artwork," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed Thursday., Sparrows in flight at Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Rock & Herb Garden pond at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), The view from the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), Monarch butterfly on goldenrod at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), The wild turkey is Ohio’s largest upland game bird, standing three to four feet tall and weighing up to 24 pounds. We photographed this beautiful bird earlier today in Sand Run Metro Park's Big Bend Area., Have you seen the new open-air shelter at the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park? More picnic tables are coming. It's usable now, and we'll start taking reservations for the shelter in the spring., Naturalist Mike Greene: "The garden spider is an important pest controller. It is harmless to humans, but it's understandable why many folks are startled, even scared, due to the spider’s colorful markings and three-inch length, legs included. To try to find one, look carefully as you hike by the wildflowers and grasses of sunny fields in Firestone Metro Park, Hampton Hills Metro Park, Munroe Falls Metro Park, F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm and Silver Creek Metro Park. These spiders can also be seen around homes, especially in sunny areas like gardens.

Scientific research suggests that the thick zigzag band of bright white silk in the center of their two-foot diameter orb web may be to advertise the web to birds so they do not fly through it. Other theories include the lure of attracting insects to the web, or that it provides some camouflage for the spider as it hangs head down in that spot." (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), This grasshopper may not have been totally ready for its close-up, but it has a big grin. (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair, taken this morning at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South), Sometimes you need to stop and smell the flowers. Volunteer Bob Roach caught this frog doing that, or so it appears, this morning at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., "Guess the Park!" OK, just kidding; this could be almost anywhere. Volunteer Jennie Levy recently photographed this scene in Munroe Falls Metro Park. Pretty soon, the leaves will take on fall colors., (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), null, Great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Chipmunk lunch in Sand Run Metro Park, Thanks to Ray Horner from WAKR AkronNewsNow for talking about the Fall Hiking Spree on air this morning. Are you doing the spree? http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FHS2013, It's a beautiful day in Northeast Ohio! Here's a look at the drive into Sand Run Metro Park this morning, on Treaty Line Road in Akron. #nofilter, And be sure to ask a naturalist about the monarch migration!, 50 Years of the Fall Hiking Spree: Gladys Smith participated in her first spree in 1967. The former teacher had more than 100 students complete the program that year, incorporating English, Science and reading skills on hikes. At the end, Gladys walked out of the park district’s main office, then located in Goodyear Heights Metro Park, with 104 hiking staffs, and she has completed the Fall Hiking Spree almost every year since., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I loved the color combination of this praying mantis and the flowers." Jerry took the photo last week in the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park., FREE presentation! In two weeks, this acclaimed author will explain how to bring nature to your home. Click for details., Sunday night's stormy sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Check out this (meaty) grasshopper. Volunteer Georgia Quinn spotted it on a recent hike in Springfield Bog Metro Park., The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is OPEN Labor Day from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Fall colors will be here before we know it. Let's take a minute to enjoy a little more of summer before it's too late. (Photo from volunteer Bob Roach, taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm in mid-August), Water lily at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), It's here! Hit the trails and join thousands of other hikers to celebrate 50 years of the annual spree., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Bull frog at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Eastern chipmunks can be found in deciduous forests and brushy areas throughout the Metro Parks. We spotted this one a few days ago in Sand Run Metro Park., Volunteer Rob Blair: "This young Cooper's hawk gave me a nice pose while flying this morning at Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area. It was not a very large hawk at all, but very beautiful to watch.", Join us tomorrow! Earn early spree credit a day before the 50th annual Fall Hiking Spree officially begins., null, The 50th hiking spree begins Sunday! Thirteen people have completed it every year since 1964. You can get early spree credit tomorrow during the afternoon sneak-peek kickoff., Naturalist Meghan Doran: "Believe it or not, August is nesting time for one of our most beautiful birds: the American goldfinch. Look for this bright-yellow finch in fields and meadows. Goldfinches use a variety of natural items for building nests such as spider webs, caterpillar silk and thistle down. To attract them to your back yard, offer thistle seed in your bird feeders throughout the year, as goldfinches are permanent Ohio residents. When the young are old enough, they may take advantage of your feeders as well." (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Will you earn one of these this year? The Fall Hiking Spree begins Sunday! Click for details, hiking forms and more: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FHS2013, Did You Know? We place a temporary bridge over the Sand Run ford for this annual event., null, This story from the West Side Leader provides a great overview of the annual Fall Hiking Spree, the largest and longest running event of its kind in the nation!, Ruby meadowhawk at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Used, but well-maintained items including vehicles, power tools, appliances, office equipment and more, will be auctioned off TOMORROW (8/29) at 4:30 p.m., at the service center in Sand Run Metro Park (1475 Sand Run Pkwy., Akron). A complete list of items is available on the auctioneer’s website: http://farnsworthauctions.com/metro.htm, Our mobile app has been downloaded by 5,000 visitors and is rated 4.9/5 stars on Google Play! Download it for FREE:
- Android: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-Android
- iPhone: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-iPhone, Join us Saturday for early spree credit. The 50th annual Fall Hiking Spree officially begins Sunday and continues through 11/30., The common snapping turtle is the largest turtle in Ohio. Volunteer Bob Roach spotted this big guy along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron., Five. That's how many northern flatid planthoppers you see here; they're insects, not leaves. Volunteer Jerry Cannon snapped this photo on a recent Citizen Science survey at Liberty Park. He emailed: "You take the high road, I'll take the low.", Did You Know? Our popular outdoor shelters can be reserved by Summit County residents up to 12 months in advance. Details here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Shelters (Pictured: Tuscarawas Shelter in Firestone Metro Park), null, Viceroy butterfly at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Beautiful blooms in our newest Metro Park ..., Green heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jeff Hill photographed these wild turkeys yesterday along the Overlook Trail in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., Last night's sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), "Have you ever seen a stick walk?" asked volunteer Jerry Cannon in a weekend email. "Well, I did at Furnace Run Metro Park. Enjoy.", Ruby meadowhawk dragonfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Last Sunday of the Summer Biking Spree! (The inaugural event ends 8/31.) Where are you riding today? http://bit.ly/MPSSC-SBS, Skipper in Silver Creek Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Seeing FALL COLOR already? The change is typically determined by daylight hours. As days grow shorter, a tree is triggered to reduce chlorophyl production. When that stops, the other colors in its leaves are exposed. However, Naturalist Dave Brumfield said stressors (like poor soil, climate factors or nearby chemical use) could trigger the process earlier than usual. We photographed this dogwood Thursday in Sand Run Metro Park., Fawn crossing Treaty Line Road in Sand Run Metro Park, Cedar waxwing on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Swallowtail in Silver Creek Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), RIGHT? Please be courteous on the trails this weekend., Smile! On a recent visit to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this smiling dragonfly, which was clearly ready for its close-up. (Zoom in and take a closer look.), Guess the Spot! Do you know which Metro Park this photo was taken in today?, A recent moonrise over the lake at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), The weekend is almost here. Hang in there! (Tree frog photographed in Sand Run Metro Park, 8/23/13), Naturalist Dave Brumfield: “The monarch is one of the most beautiful butterflies in our parks. With its vivid orange and black markings, it is easy to spot in our flower gardens. Every year, this butterfly makes one of the most amazing migrations of all creatures. Starting in September or October, the monarch flies thousands of miles to spend winter in Mexico – quite a feat for an insect weighing half a gram, is just 1.5 inches long and has a brain the size of a pinhead.   Equipped with millions of air-filled scales on its wings, the monarch sets out to a place it has never seen before. Scientists believe the monarch uses Earth’s magnetic field and the sun’s position to locate where it is going. This built-in navigation system helps the monarch find its way to the very same forest in Mexico as its predecessors. No wonder they call monarch the king of butterflies!” (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair at Liberty Park in 2012), "Just south of Wilbeth Road (on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Alan spotted this green heron," volunteer Debbie Casanova emailed after riding Wednesday with her husband. "Looks like frog legs were on the menu!", null, Jewelweed in O'Neil Woods Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), "How many woodpeckers do you see?" volunteer Jeff Hill asked when he sent this image, taken Tuesday along the easy 0.9-mile Walking Course in Firestone Metro Park., Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted this cautious garter snake (well, part of it, anyway) in the Rock & Herb Garden at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., "I got a picture of what I like to call the Mingo Trail Troll Bridge," volunteer Kimberly Ardelian emailed. "This is just one of the treasures along this trail" in Sand Run Metro Park., Volunteer Doug Dawes labeled this image "Show Off." The American goldfinch sure is pretty., Volunteer Jeff Hill photographed this hungry damselfly last Thursday at Springfield Bog Metro Park. A few of us had trouble identifying it. Park biologist Marlo Perdicas said it looks like an immature familiar bluet., The Sunday before last, artist Gina Bishop demonstrated at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm how she makes "upcycled" art, like these owls, out of objects she finds. How does nature inspire you?, Just a calming image to enjoy before bedtime (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach, Sunday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), During a recent program, kids, parents and grandparents learned about animal habitats and designed new backgrounds for four of the aquariums at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Stop by the visitors center (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) to see their artwork. - Naturalist Renell Simrau, The all-volunteer Metro Parks Ensemble will play a FREE unplugged show tonight (8/20) near Little Turtle Pond in Firestone Metro Park., This morning's sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jeff Hill saw this frog doing its best to blend in last week at Goodyear Heights Metro Park., Ruby-throated hummingbird, Sunday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), "Poised to Strike" (Green heron photo taken on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by volunteer Doug Dawes), null, Yum! (Mantis photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Have you seen our recent coyote documentary? WKSU reporter Jeff St. Clair featured it on this morning's Exploradio segment. Listen (and watch the video) here ..., Volunteer Joe Prekop snapped this colorful photo Friday in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., Volunteer Jeff Hill spotted these young wood ducks Wednesday at Goodyear Heights Metro Park., "This snail was in a plant at O'Neil Woods Metro Park, about four feet up," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed. "Probably took him a week to get there.", What's for dinner tonight? Volunteer Rob Blair caught this mantis munching Thursday., Swallowtails on Joe Pye weed at Silver Creek Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Joe Pye weed in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Today (8/18) is the last day of swim season at Munroe Falls Metro Park and Silver Creek Metro Park. Join us, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m., and say goodbye to this summer activity - at least for 2013., Garter snake soaking up some sun outside of our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park, Goldenrod in the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park will soon be a sea of yellow, but volunteer Joe Prekop shows us the meadow is still pretty green., Volunteer Doug Dawes called this a "punk rock" green heron, though we couldn't find any field guides listing the species'  musical preferences., Volunteer Joe Prekop photographed these pretty clouds over Munroe Falls Metro Park last Sunday., Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this eastern pondhawk dragonfly Monday at Hampton Hills Metro Park. "Here's looking at you," he wrote in his email., "I saw a lot of these garden spiders (Monday) at Hampton Hills Metro Park," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed. "They are beautiful. Unless you're a bug.", Have you seen these in the woods? A volunteer captured this short clip (no audio) yesterday., "If I'm looking at my insect book correctly, I think this is a yellow-collared scape moth," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed last week. "I've never run across one before." Naturalist Pat Rydquist quickly confirmed Jerry's sighting from  O'Neil Woods Metro Park, null, Guess the Spot! Do you know where volunteer Jennie Levy stood when she took this recent photo?, 50 Years of the Fall Hiking Spree: We're looking for stories and photos to share with other visitors on Facebook. Send them to marketing@summitmetroparks.org, and help us celebrate! (The spree begins 9/1. Forms are now available on our website.), Sunday (8/18) is the last day for swimming this season at Munroe Falls Metro Park and Silver Creek Metro Park. Join us daily, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m., before it's too late., The Metro Parks Ensemble performs TONIGHT at 7:30 p.m. in Firestone Metro Park (40 Axline Ave., Akron)., Yellow Creek in O'Neil Woods Metro Park, photographed last Friday by volunteer Joe Prekop, The 2013 Fall Hiking Spree form is available for download! (The spree is 9/1 to 11/30.) http://bit.ly/MPSSC-FHS2013, Spicebush swallowtail at O'Neil Woods Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), The 895-acre Silver Creek Metro Park is tucked away in a quiet, rural area near Norton. Observant visitors will see traces of the past. Open fields, fence rows and a stately old barn, part of which dates back to the Civil War, are evidence of the park’s former life as the Harter Dairy Farm. (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), "Can you find the camo toad?" volunteer Jennie Levy wrote when she sent this photo from Cascade Valley Metro Park / North. The little guy really blends in., Our chief of natural resources describes the significance of eagles returning to Northeast Ohio in this public radio report from Northern California., null, The Valley Link Trail, a connector between Cascade Valley Metro Park / North and Sand Run Metro Park, provides a closer look at some of Akron's most pristine scenery. (Photos by volunteer Jennie Levy), Joe Pye weed, pictured at O'Neil Woods Metro Park, is in bloom now. Look for it in low, wet spots, and keep an eye open for monarchs and tiger swallowtail butterflies. They are attracted to its nectar. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Forms for the 50th annual Fall Hiking Spree will be available this week (8/15). Here's one trail you can hike for spree credit starting September 1: the 1.6-mile Willow Trail in Firestone Metro Park. This image was taken during a guided hike in the park in September 1965, the second year of the spree., Last one of the season, TONIGHT (8/13) from 5 to 8. Live music from the Metro Parks Ensemble begins at 6:30 p.m., Nice shot from Springfield Bog Metro Park. Have you been? Still plenty of blooms, birds and butterflies to enjoy this season. (1400 Portage Line Rd., Springfield Twp.), Join us TONIGHT! It's at 521 S. River Rd., Munroe Falls., Naturalist Pat Rydquist: "Spying on gorgeous moths is becoming a growing amateur hobby for many. Put out a black light and a white sheet and you might attract a beautiful wood nymph (like this one) to the ultra-violet light. Its caterpillars dine on wild grape and Virginia creeper, both native and very common in your Metro Parks and back yards." (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), 50 Years of the Fall Hiking Spree: We're looking for stories and photos to share with other visitors on Facebook. Send them to marketing@summitmetroparks.org, and help us celebrate! (The spree begins 9/1. Forms will be available this Thursday.), Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon spotted this cicada casing during a recent hike at O'Neil Woods Metro Park. These brown casings, called exuviae, are shed by nymphs after they molt into adults., We've been studying coyotes for years. Join biologists and park partners in the field to trap, collar and track one of these wild canines!, And so begins the last week of swimming for 2013 at Munroe Falls Metro Park and Silver Creek Metro Park. Join us daily, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m., before swim season ends Sunday night (8/18)., Friday's sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Forms for the 50th annual Fall Hiking Spree will be available this week (8/15). Here's one trail you can hike for spree credit starting September 1: the 1.8-mile Gorge Trail in Gorge Metro Park. This image was taken in 1965, shortly before the second annual spree began., null, Old Postcard: Picture this scene the next time you're on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, riding the boardwalk over Summit Lake. (Unfortunately, the postcard wasn't dated.), Where was this picture taken? If you guessed Hawaii or some other exotic place, you're wrong. Our interpretive services manager, Christine Hockman, shot it just up the road (and upriver) from Gorge Metro Park, Thursday at High Bridge Glens in Cuyahoga Falls. Northeast Ohio is a beautiful place., Old Postcard: Dressed in their best hiking gear, these ladies in Gorge Metro Park were featured on this 1907 postcard., null, Old Postcard: Here's another scan from our archives. This postcard is from 1916 and depicts the Cuyahoga River in Gorge Metro Park., White-tailed deer in Sand Run Metro Park, Old Postcard: We found this scan in our archives. The postcard is from 1944 and features a scene from Sand Run Metro Park., Watch as we track coyotes in the Cuyahoga Valley! (Yep, that's a coyote in the cage.), Ruby meadowhawk at Springfield Bog Metro Park, Yesterday's "River Exploration" program was an opportunity for young visitors to take a closer look at the Cuyahoga River with a naturalist. They searched for crayfish, aquatic insects and fish that call the river home. More fun, FREE programs are listed on our website: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Programs, Join a naturalist at 2 this afternoon ..., Volunteer Doug Dawes called this recent shot "Sparrow's Lament.", "I ran into this little guy while searching the weeds during a bat survey (at Liberty Park). Notice the dew all over him." - Volunteer Jerry Cannon, With this recent image from Hampton Hills Metro Park, volunteer Jennie Levy gives us several things to reflect on: friendship, good times, great trails, and summer quickly slipping by., Tiger swallowtail butterfly at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), NOW is the time to visit Springfield Bog Metro Park (1400 Portage Line Rd., Springfield Twp.). Don't miss out on the 160-acre prairie's peak-bloom. Volunteer Doug Dawes stopped by Tuesday and saw this ..., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "These ants (photographed in Liberty Park) are eating a sugary substance secreted by aphids. This substance is known as honeydew, and it's produced when an aphid penetrates a plant. Not only does the ant get the honeydew, he also protects the aphid from predators. Now that's cooperation.", Forms for the 50th annual Fall Hiking Spree will be available next week (8/15). Here's one trail you can hike for spree credit starting September 1: the 1.2-mile Quarry Trail in Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park. This image was taken in 1964, the first year of the spree and the first year Deep Lock Quarry was open to the public., Water lily and frog - each beautiful in their own way (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Tonight's concert is cancelled, but you can still swim for free from 5 to 8 if conditions allow., Cedar waxwing at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Kimberley Ardelian), New Program! Meet a naturalist Friday afternoon at 2, at 837 Cuyahoga St., Akron., Please be careful where trails cross roads, including Sand Run Metro Park (pictured), Gorge Metro Park, O'Neil Woods Metro Park, Silver Creek Metro Park and our multipurpose trails: Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, Metro Parks Freedom Trail and the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., null, null, New Video! Go behind the scenes in search of coyotes with Metro Parks biologists and our partners., Sunday at Hampton Hills Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), Forms for the 50th annual Fall Hiking Spree will be available next week (8/15). Here's one trail you can hike for spree credit starting September 1: the 3.3-mile Mingo Trail in Sand Run Metro Park. This image was taken in the park in October 1964, the first year of the spree., null, null, We spotted this Cooper's hawk enjoying a takeout lunch a few minutes ago in Sand Run Metro Park., null, The Cuyahoga River in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), It's not often that you see a two-headed deer. Oh, wait ... (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes, taken in Munroe Falls Metro Park), An archaeology class from The University of Akron is conducting fieldwork at the future site of Wood Hollow Metro Park. They are looking for historic artifacts, structural remains and other items that tell the story of this former farmland on the corner of Stow and Barlow roads in Hudson., Blue dasher dragonfly along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Eastern tailed-blue on jewelweed at the future site of Wood Hollow Metro Park in Hudson, "Even flies can be beautiful," wrote volunteer Jerry Cannon about this photo he snapped recently at Firestone Metro Park., Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this catbird on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail on Tuesday. He emailed: "What's the matter, caterpillar got your tongue?", Zabulon skipper in Sand Run Metro Park, Naturalist Danette Rushboldt: "Yellow is the color to see at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm these days. Tansy, black-eyed Susan, false sunflower and gray-headed coneflowers (clockwise, from top left) are all in bloom right now. Many insects and birds benefit from these little rays of sunshine. Allowing these flowers to go to seed in the garden this fall will provide local birds with a plentiful harvest throughout the winter. Visit the Nature Realm to enjoy them now, and watch the birds enjoy them later!", Volunteer Doug Dawes: "You probably are tired of deer pics, but they are kinda cute when not in your yard.", Bluebird at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by Doug Dawes), "Meadowlark. My best look so far, (but) will keep trying." - volunteer Doug Dawes, Our new Summer Biking Spree continues through 8/31, and there's still time to make other riders green with envy. Buy a spree T-shirt, on sale now at the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), and wear it proudly on the trails. Shirts are just $10 each, and the price includes tax. Call for store hours and available sizes: 330-865-8065., Last night's sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Ebony jewelwing damselfly at Liberty Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer photographer Rob Blair: "I walked into an unusual scene on Tuesday at Munroe Falls Metro Park. This hawk glided down to check out a burrow where rabbits or young groundhogs had been coming in and out. He landed and inspected it from the ground level, then took a very low altitude exit flight across the meadow. Here's four shots of that sequence. Enjoy!", Like this sunset photo from volunteer Rob Blair, taken in the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park? Download our August desktop to enjoy it on your PC, Mac and more. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Downloads, Summer wildflowers at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Kimberley Ardelian), Physostegia virginiana, also known as obedient plant, has flowers on swivels that can be bent left or right on the stem. Volunteer Bob Roach photographed this plant a few days ago at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., null, Cooper's hawk family in Sand Run Metro Park, Friendly reptiles sharing a log along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Prime habitat for the great spangled fritillary includes moist meadows and woodland edges. We spotted this one yesterday in Sand Run Metro Park., "I've been trying so hard to catch a crisp side angle of one of these beauties in flight," emailed volunteer photographer Rob Blair. "I finally got one today in the Tallmadge Meadows Area of Munroe Falls Metro Park!", White-tailed deer in Sand Run Metro Park, Queen Anne's lace at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Park biologist Marlo Perdicas discovered this queensnake yesterday at Firestone Metro Park. These nonvenomous snakes live near clean running streams and watersheds with stony and rocky bottoms., null, Orchard orbweaver at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), "We stopped to look at a juvenile great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail this week and were surprised to see this camouflaged groundhog," emailed volunteers Debbie and Alan Casanova., Wild turkeys crossing the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail near Brandywine Falls (Photo by volunteer Rob Vaughn), "I caught this guy at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm in the act of making his broken guitar sound," emailed volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon., How's this for positive feedback? We received an email last week from a happy visitor. It read, in part: "I'm truly impressed! ... Your staff is top notch. ... I love how well maintained these trails are and I find myself leaving them with a smile. ... I had to tell you what a great organization you have. It is staffed with awesome people doing a super job. You definitely have a lifetime supporter here. Thank you all. Keep up the good work." (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), null, Did You Know? There's a Facebook page for each of our parks and multipurpose trails. We created one Friday for Wood Hollow, our first Metro Park in Hudson. It will open in 2014., Hummingbird clearwing moth in Liberty Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), American goldfinch at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Guess the Spot! Do you know where volunteer Jerry Cannon took this photo earlier in the week? He emailed: "I totally snuck up on these two herons. They had no idea I was there.", Banded longhorn beetle in Sand Run Metro Park, Our mobile app has been downloaded by more than 3,700 visitors and is rated 4.9/5 stars on Google Play! Download it for FREE:
- Android: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-Android
- iPhone: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-iPhone, We're putting the finishing touches on a great new video about our coyote research program. We hope to upload it to YouTube late next week., Join us this weekend at the Summit County Fair, 229 E. Howe Rd., Tallmadge., Instead, you could visit us at the Summit County Fair (229 E. Howe Rd., Tallmadge) or enjoy this free program at Firestone Metro Park: http://bit.ly/14fD6mx, Naturalist Dave Brumfield shared these colorful fungi photos from a recent hike in Sand Run Metro Park. Clockwise from top left: black trumpet; yellow spindle coral; bleeding tooth; violet coral., Naturalist Sarah Putnam: "A creature often mistaken for a small bird is the hummingbird moth. Looking at the flight and coloration of this beautiful insect, you will notice it looks very similar to the hummingbird. You'll notice a long, tubular mouthpart, called a proboscis, which acts like a straw. Next, look at the top of its head and you will see a pair of moth-like and feathery antenna. Lastly, the wings are mostly clear and lack color. This week I was able to enjoy seeing this unique insect buzzing around the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park. Have you seen one?" (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), We're ready to share plans for our first Metro Park in Hudson! Join us Monday, August 5 from 5 to 7 p.m. at the Hudson Library (96 Library St., Hudson) to learn and ask questions about Wood Hollow Metro Park, which could include a two-mile loop trail for hiking, a parking lot for 50 cars, an open-air shelter, restrooms and an information kiosk., Last night's sunset at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Viceroy butterfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Join us (and Metro Leaf) this week at the Summit County Fair. It continues daily through Sunday at the county fairgrounds, 229 E. Howe Rd., Tallmadge., Indigo bunting at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Clymene moth in Sand Run Metro Park, null, "I was in the right place at the right time," wrote volunteer photographer Rob Blair about this extraordinary image he captured last night at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Eastern tiger swallowtail at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), null, Eastern cottontail rabbit at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), null, "While doing a bat survey at Liberty Park, we were swarmed by thousands of mosquitoes," emailed volunteer Jerry Cannon. "This American Gallinipper stood out because it is much larger than a regular mosquito.", Cabbage white butterfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), null, Several Metro Parks naturalists took a trip down the Cuyahoga River on Friday to prepare for our new "Paddle the Parks" series. Details about upcoming public programs are available on our website: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Programs, Volunteer Doug Dawes shared these highlights from his recent visit to Liberty Park in Twinsburg. Clockwise from top left: eastern tiger swallowtail; bobolinks; female red-winged blackbirds; white-tailed deer; eastern bluebird., Our inaugural Summer Biking Spree continues through August 31. Cyclists of all ages can earn rewards by riding at least five sections of the multipurpose trails managed by Metro Parks, Serving Summit County: Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail and the new Metro Parks Freedom Trail. Details and spree form: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-SBS, Blue dasher dragonfly along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), We were able to track down this Carolina Wren in Sand Run Metro Park by following its loud "teakettle-teakettle-teakettle" song. Look and listen for these birds in dense vegetation and wooded areas., Water lily along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), More than 40 varieties of prairie plants are transforming the former farmland at Springfield Bog Metro Park. July is the best time for viewing colorful wildflowers at this 256-acre park., Juvenile Cooper's hawk in Sand Run Metro Park, Sky and flower in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is a special-use area that has been set aside for the study and enjoyment of nature. The 104-acre park includes a visitors center, several gardens, observation decks, two ponds, hiking trails and a tall-grass prairie., Good news! The Towpath Trail between Memorial Parkway and the Mustill Store has been repaired and is now open to the public. Thank you for your patience during the temporary closure caused by last week's storm., null, I'm staying cool. Are you? (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Eastern tiger swallowtail along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Fascinating fungi along the Ledges Trail at Liberty Park (Photos by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Volunteer Jeff Hill photographed this smart turtle staying cool at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Juvenile Cooper's hawk at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer photographer Jeff Hill shared these highlights from a recent hike along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Clockwise from top left: snapping turtle; great blue heron; blue dasher dragonfly; green heron, red-spotted purple butterfly; juvenile wood duck; water lily., Are you participating in the Summer Biking Spree? Cyclists of all ages can earn rewards during this first-time event. Learn more and download a spree form here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-SBS, Eastern tiger swallowtail at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Twelve-spotted skimmmer at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Make other visitors green with envy in a new Summer Biking Spree T-shirt, on sale now at the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). Shirts are just $10 each, and the price includes tax. Call for store hours and available sizes: 330-865-8065., Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this bee swarm a few days ago at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. A new honey bee colony is formed when the queen bee leaves the colony with a swarm of worker bees., The red, white and blue shades in this photograph inspired volunteer Doug Dawes to title it "An American Sunset.", Beat the heat tonight with an evening of FREE lake swimming, live music and popsicles provided by Acme Fresh Market. Cancelled if it rains. Call 330-865-8060 for concert status after 4 p.m. if wet weather is in the forecast., These young campers from Life Center Plus visited Gorge Metro Park yesterday morning. Your Metro Parks are a great destination for groups of all ages!, Fran Kitchen and rescued wildlife from Operation Orphan visited F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm on Saturday to provide an up-close viewing and learning opportunity. (Photos by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Bob Roach photographed this Great Spangled Fritillary a few days ago at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Look for this species in moist meadows and woodland edges., Red sky and crescent moon at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Good news! Most sections of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Summit County are now OPEN, except the following:
- The 1.1-mile section between the Memorial Parkway and Mustill Store trailheads is closed indefinitely due to a serious washout, caused when the Cuyahoga River crested the trail. Crews with heavy equipment will begin repairs to this section on 7/16/13.
- The Big Bend parking lot (1337 Merriman Rd., Akron) is closed today as crews remove silt from last week's flooding.

Crews are still making minor repairs in several locations. Please use caution., Volunteer Doug Dawes discovered this northern leopard frog along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail near Clinton. These frogs are found in permanent ponds, swamps, marshes and slow-moving streams throughout forest, open and urban areas., Fawn in Gorge Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer photographer Debbie DiCarlo attended a naturalist-led program last week to learn about local bats. More fun, FREE programs are listed on our website: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Programs, Volunteer photographer Rob Blair captured this stunning image at Munroe Falls Metro Park on Friday night. Summit County is a beautiful place to call home., Eastern pondhawk dragonfly at Hampton Hills Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Kimberley Ardelian), Visitors have logged more than 5 million annual trips to the Metro Parks in recent years, with an increasing number of visits taking place on multipurpose trails. Now that the park district’s first-ever Summer Biking Spree is underway, we want to encourage all trail users to be respectful and courteous., Northern cardinal in Sand Run Metro Park, Mourning cloak butterfly in Sand Run Metro Park, Several months ago, volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this dragonfly "wheel" at Liberty Park. Naturalist Mike Greene describes where to watch dragonflies this summer and explains this formation:

"It is easiest to find and observe dragonflies and their cousins, the damselflies, near water, where they mate and lay eggs. Dragonflies can move each of their four wings independently, making them expert flying predators. You may see one hover like a helicopter, fly backward, somersault, barrel roll, or dart forward at speeds up to 35 mph.

Each of a dragonfly’s huge wrap-around eyes has up to 30,000 individual lenses, giving them incredible vision covering almost every angle. 

Dragonflies capture their flying prey, including mosquitoes and gnats, by scooping them out of the air with their legs. One study found that they were over 90% efficient in capturing any prey they pursued. They are very important insect pest controllers. 

As in birds, many species of dragonflies have males that are brighter and more colorful than the females. A male will establish a territory along a waterway. You may see males patrolling their area and chasing away rival males.

Finally, a dragonfly will never sting you. Dragonflies do not have stingers. The long rear end, or abdomen, is for mating, and for the females, egg-laying. You may see two dragonflies with their abdomens joined together creating a sort-of “wheel” while mating. Also, look for two dragonflies flying together, with the male in the lead towing the female on the way to lay eggs.", Scarlet tanager at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Mostly herbivorous, groundhogs primarily eat wild grasses and other vegetation, including berries and agricultural crops. We spotted this one searching for a snack a few days ago in Sand Run Metro Park., The Clinton Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (2749 North St., Clinton) is just beyond the yellow bike sign. At 2:30 this afternoon it was still under water., Here's a look at some damage along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail after Wednesday's storm. All 22.4 miles of the trail that we manage remain temporarily closed. The 1.1-mile section between the Memorial Parkway and Mustill Store trailheads in Akron is closed indefinitely due to a serious washout. Visitors will not be permitted to walk, run or ride bikes on the multipurpose trail during the closure., Did You Know? The Cuyahoga River was higher Wednesday than during the historic flood of 1913, the one that ended the canal era., null, We photographed this hummingbird yesterday at our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park. Have your feeders been active this summer?, The great blue heron: part bird, part periscope. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach, Monday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), This was the scene earlier today along the Towpath Trail in Akron. All alerts and closures can be found here: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/News/Alerts.aspx, We don't have power at our HQ in Sand Run Metro Park in Akron. Communication is limited, and we can't take reservations for shelters or pavilions. A crew is replacing a nearby transformer on Merriman Road., Until further notice, all sections of the Towpath Trail managed by Metro Parks are closed as we evaluate post-storm conditions. (We manage 22.4 miles, from the Botzum Trailhead to the Stark County line, except about three miles through Downtown Akron.) Here's a video of flooding at Wilbeth Road last night., Until further notice, all sections of the Towpath Trail managed by Metro Parks are closed as we evaluate post-storm conditions. (We manage 22.4 miles, from the Botzum Trailhead to the Stark County line, except about three miles through Downtown Akron.) Here's a look at the trail at Wilbeth Road last night., Make other visitors green with envy in a new Summer Biking Spree T-shirt, on sale now at the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). Shirts are just $10 each, and the price includes tax. Call for store hours and available sizes: 330-865-8065., After volunteer Bob Roach saw this at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm and stopped to take a photo, Naturalist Pat Rydquist identified it as a long-jawed spider. Would you get close enough to see its namesake jaw, or just run away in horror?, What's that in the distance? Blue sky? It's been so rare lately, we're guessing volunteer Jeff Hill had to document it in case we didn't believe him., In case you missed the announcement earlier: Tonight's concert at Silver Creek Metro Park is CANCELLED., Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo: "I visited Liberty Park on Sunday. There was an indigo bunting that taunted me and wouldn't let me get a good photo. I think it was waiting for (fellow volunteer) Rob Blair to show up. Anyway, I caught a nice image of this wood nymph butterfly. I don't recall seeing them too much in the past, so I was thrilled.", Blame Mother Nature. Tonight's concert at Silver Creek Metro Park is CANCELLED. There is no rain date., Volunteer Bethany Woznicki photographed this scene at the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park after a recent storm. Which storm? Take your pick., Several Metro Parks locations are temporarily closed this morning due to flooding: the beach at Silver Creek Metro Park; the Redwing and Willow trails at Firestone Metro Park; Buttonbush Trail at Liberty Park; the Clinton parking lot for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Want to help make this happen in Hampton Hills Metro Park? Volunteers can drop in weekdays, 8 a.m. to 3 p.m., to provide general assistance: clearing brush, grading and raking trail surfaces, back-sloping, armoring wet areas with stones, and more. You must be a registered Metro Parks volunteer to help. For information, call 330-475-1462. (Photo credit: Richard DeShields, CAMBA), Civilian Conservation Corps members cutting building blocks at Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park - July 1, 1940, House wren along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), null, Black-eyed Susan along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Eastern tiger swallowtail at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Brandywine Falls, one of the tallest waterfalls in Ohio, is a very popular stop along the 34-mile Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Pearl crescent butterfly at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Cooper's hawk enjoying lunch in Sand Run Metro Park, Nature Realm intern Nathan Fortunato: “On very hot days, you may notice that fewer birds are singing. This is because, unlike humans, birds can’t sweat, so one way they cool off is by limiting their activity to the cooler parts of the day (morning and evening). They also pant, ruffle their feathers to release trapped body heat, and turn towards the sun to collect less heat. But just like us, birds have no problem cooling off by going for a swim!” (Photo by volunteer John Reeves), null, We partnered with Google Maps and Indoor360 to create this virtual tour of the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron)., Volunteer Rob Blair's keen eye spotted this tiny hummingbird and its nest along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail on Thursday., A collage of images from a hike in Sand Run Metro Park this afternoon, It's Week 2 of the biking spree. Have you heard about this new two-month event?, It's not easy being green, but volunteer Bob Roach makes it look beautiful. (Photo taken Tuesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Volunteer Rob Blair was in the right place at the right time Wednesday. That's when he saw this juvenile bald eagle above the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Violet dancer damselfly, photographed earlier this week at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm by volunteer Bob Roach, Volunteer Bob Roach saw this young mallard Tuesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Black swallowtail butterfly, spotted on the Fourth of July at Springfield Bog Metro Park by volunteer Jerry Cannon, Ebony jewelwing damselfly, photographed Wednesday on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by volunteer Rob Blair, Queen Anne's lace, photographed Wednesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Make other visitors green with envy in a new Summer Biking Spree T-shirt, on sale now at the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). Shirts are just $10 each, and the price includes tax. Call for store hours and available sizes: 330-865-8065., The Trump family, of Barberton, is the first to complete our brand-new Summer Biking Spree! They turned in their forms Thursday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. The two-month spree continues through August 31. Click for details: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-SBS, Eastern amberwing dragonfly, from volunteer Bob Roach's weekend visit to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, We posted this image a few months ago, when volunteer Debbie DiCarlo took it following a program by the Medina Raptor Center. Seemed appropriate to share it again today. #freedom, Stars and Stripes above F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm yesterday, Eastern tailed-blue, from volunteer Bob Roach's Tuesday visit to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is OPEN today, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Celebrate the Fourth with us! Admission is always free., "This is a really smooth branch," Turtle 1 said to Turtle 2. "Yeah, kinda weird," Turtle 2 said. "Wait a minute!" (Photo by volunteers Alan & Debbie Casanova, shot yesterday near Big Bend on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron), Another day, another beautiful macro image from volunteer Rob Blair., Have you heard? We're looking for three volunteers to serve on a mountain bike trail committee. Check out the 6/25 news release here: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-MountainBike. More volunteer news to come next week. (Photo credit: Richard DeShields, CAMBA), Sand Run Metro Park was named "Most Relaxing Place to Have a Picnic" by readers of Akron Life. What's your favorite place?, Times are tough, so this chipmunk got a second job as a greeter at Liberty Park. Volunteer Jerry Cannon saw it yesterday in the City of Twinsburg's recreation area. (We manage the Pond Brook and Twinsburg Ledges areas.), Western Reserve Academy field trip to Sand Run Metro Park -  July 5, 1930, Ruby meadowhawk along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), This eastern-tailed blue was photographed a few days ago at Munroe Falls Metro Park. It is a common butterfly across most of eastern North America, and is found as far south as Central America., Water lilies at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Dragonfly eye at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Naturalist Pat Rydquist: "This muskrat has been seen around F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm since early June. We think it is a youngster from last year's litter trying to establish its own territory. The family lives in the bank at Seneca Pond." (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), We spotted this handsome American goldfinch at Munroe Falls Metro Park on Saturday. To attract goldfinches to your yard, try planting native thistles and milkweed., Our naturalists and volunteers tallied birds at Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park for this. One of 350 events in 88 countries, right here in Summit County, Ohio. , Black swallowtail caterpillar at Liberty Park in Twinsburg (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Today marks the start of our first-ever Summer Biking Spree! Click for details., Did You Know? There are more species of insects than all other land animals put together. We photographed this diverse collection during a recent visit to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Munroe Falls Metro Park - July 4, 1979, It's today from noon to 3 p.m. Join us!, Last night's amazing sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Naturalist Dave Brumfield: "Summer has arrived, and as darkness settles in each night, tiny specks of light begin to flash all around us. This evening show is produced by fireflies, also known as lightning bugs.

Long before smoke signals and Morse Code, fireflies were using light signals as a means of communication. Each species has its own type of flash patterns, which enable the males and females of the same species to locate each other.  

The ability to produce light (bioluminescence) occurs through a series of chemical reactions in the firefly's lower abdomen. It works similar to a light stick, except fireflies can turn their lights on and off at will." (Photo credit: sciencebuzz.org), Widow skimmer dragonfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Yeah, so this happened Thursday: 12K likes! Please share this page and keep the momentum going., The Cuyahoga River in Gorge Metro Park (Photo taken Monday by volunteer Jeff Hill), The Summer Biking Spree Kickoff is SUNDAY! Join us at Lock 3 Akron, Ohio from noon to 3 p.m. Click for details: https://www.facebook.com/events/611418995544326 (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), This photo, which is getting some national attention via Reddit, MSN, the Huffington Post and other websites, is from our very own Debbie DiCarlo, a Metro Parks volunteer! She didn't take it here in Summit County (rather, in Hinckley, Minnesota), but we have many coyotes in our parks, so that's good enough for us., Red-winged blackbird at Goodyear Heights Metro Park on Monday (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Meadow fritillary at Hampton Hills Metro Park on Wednesday (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Fawn at Gorge Metro Park, photographed by volunteer Jeff Hill, Look what happened this afternoon: 12K likes!, Streeetch! (Photo from volunteer Jim Childs, shot Saturday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Bluegill in Alder Pond at Goodyear Heights Metro Park  on Monday (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer Bob Roach spotted this blue dasher dragonfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm on Tuesday., Wood ducks at Gorge Metro Park, photographed Monday by volunteer Jeff Hill, The Summer Biking Spree Kickoff is SUNDAY! Join us at Lock 3 Akron, Ohio from noon to 3 p.m. Click for details: https://www.facebook.com/events/611418995544326 (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), "Guess the Park!" Do you know where volunteer Jeff Hill took this photo Monday?, Volunteer Debbie Casanova: "Red-winged blackbirds were flitting from one lily pad to another (Tuesday morning). We weren’t sure what they were doing until I downloaded the photos: bug hunting!", From Naturalist Renell Simrau: “We have been seeing a lot of white butterflies around F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, and they are mostly cabbage whites. The host plants for this butterfly's caterpillars are members of the mustard family, which does include cabbage. You can tell male and female cabbage whites apart by looking at the spots below the charcoal smudges on their wings. Males have one spot; females have two.", Like this tiger swallowtail butterfly? It's featured on our July desktops. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Downloads (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Alan and Debbie Casanova are among the dozens of dedicated Bike Patrol volunteers who ride our three multi-use trails, April through October. Near the Wilbeth Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, Debbie reports on the osprey nest: "Mom, dad and three little ones. That nest looks a bit crowded!", Alder Pond at Goodyear Heights Metro Park yesterday morning, Virginia Ctenucha moth at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is a special-use area that has been set aside for the study and enjoyment of nature. The 104-acre park includes a 10,000-square-feet visitors center, several gardens, observation decks, two ponds, hiking trails and a tall-grass prairie., A red-winged blackbird greets last night's sunset with a song (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), null, Great Blue Heron at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), The Summer Biking Spree Kickoff is SUNDAY! Join us at Lock 3 Akron, Ohio from noon to 3 p.m. Click for details: https://www.facebook.com/events/611418995544326 (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Cue the theme from "Jaws." (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill, taken Friday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), null, Volunteer Jerry Cannon, after visiting the Wilbeth Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail: "As far as I could see, they have three babies. (The adult ospreys) were busy tearing pieces of food off for (the young).", null, Sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park on Saturday evening (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Who knew! Our biologists have evidence of raccoons raiding bird nests, but chipmunks, too? Sure do. Makes us think of our mascot Cheeks the chipmunk a little differently. (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill, taken Wednesday at Furnace Run Metro Park), One week from today!, The Metro Parks are hare today and we'll be hare tomorrow. We're open 365 days a year. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach, taken Thursday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Have you seen a rose-breasted grosbeak in the Metro Parks? Lucky for us, volunteer Rob Blair captured an image of this one Thursday in Munroe Falls Metro Park., Meet the biggest chipmunk in Summit County, possibly the world, tomorrow from 1 to 3 p.m. on the new Metro Parks Freedom Trail., Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this kingfisher gliding over the Cuyahoga River in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South on Thursday., Volunteer Rob Blair has been "hunting" for a scarlet tanager for a while. He finally found one yesterday morning at Munroe Falls Metro Park. "Now I better understand why these beautiful birds are often referred to as the 'Flame of Spring,' " he wrote in his email., Guess the Spot! Do you know where we took this photo earlier today, the first official day of summer? Hint: It's a Metro Park. In Summit County. And it's a very popular place., This week our operations department began construction on a new outdoor shelter at Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area. It will be available as soon as the concrete dries and grass is replanted around the construction site., Mallard mother with ducklings at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Cooper's hawk with a snack in Sand Run Metro Park, "This protective mother was definitely giving me 'the look' when I snapped this photo at Munroe Falls Metro Park," emailed volunteer Rob Blair., Game 7, or free concert? Last we checked, the Cavs are sitting at home tonight, so you shouldn't be. Join us for live music at 7:30 p.m., with frozen pops from Acme Fresh Market., Jack and Jill of America, Incorporated boasts over 220 chapters nationwide and provides social, cultural and educational opportunities for youth between the ages of 2 and 19. Attendees from a local leadership conference volunteered at several Metro Parks locations this morning. We are grateful for their service to our community., Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed these cute kids visiting the Nature Realm with their mother yesterday afternoon., Red-spotted purple along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Metallic green bee (Genus Agapostemon) in Sand Run Metro Park, Turkey vultures are scavengers and feed almost exclusively on the flesh of dead and decaying animals. An unlucky squirrel in Sand Run Metro Park provided a typical meal for this opportunistic bird. (Photo by volunteer Kimberley Ardelian), Park visitor Larry Basar photographed this gorgeous red-headed woodpecker on Saturday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. This species has declined severely in the past half-century because of habitat loss and changes to its food supply. Red-headed woodpeckers have been spotted recently  in Twinsburg and along the Towpath Trail, but this is the first sighting at the Nature Realm in quite some time., Thank you to the all-volunteer Metro Parks Ensemble for a wonderful performance at last night's "Music by the Lake" concert at Munroe Falls Metro Park. Free, fun concerts are scheduled throughout the summer in your Metro Parks: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Programs, Piggyback! Look closely: That's a red-winged blackbird hitchin' a ride on a great blue heron. AMAZING! (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach, from yesterday on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Friday is the first day of summer, but we changed the seasonal look of our website today. (You may have to empty your browser's cache to see it.) http://www.summitmetroparks.org, Free swimming has begun. The Metro Parks Ensemble will start playing at 6:30 p.m., Does a warbler poop in the woods? (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Blue dasher dragonfly, from volunteer Bob Roach on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, Join us tonight in Munroe Falls Metro Park!, Recognize her? This is a female red-winged blackbird, and volunteer Doug Dawes shot this image last night along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Join us June 30 at Lock 3 from noon to 3 p.m. as we kick off the first Summer Biking Spree! Click for details., Rose-breasted grosbeak at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this belted kingfisher on Saturday at Firestone Metro Park. Look for these short and stocky birds near streams, rivers, ponds and lakes., "The diversity of terrain and wildlife that can be found within just a couple of miles is amazing," emailed volunteer Rob Blair when he sent us this stunning sunrise photo from the Overlook Deck at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., Cyclists of all ages can earn rewards during the inaugural Summer Biking Spree, July 1 through August 31. Ride at least five sections of the multipurpose trails managed by Metro Parks, Serving Summit County: the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail and the new Metro Parks Freedom Trail. One lucky participant – drawn at random from submitted forms – will win a new Raleigh bicycle from Century Cycles!, 14-spotted ladybird (Propylea quatuordecimpunctata) in Sand Run Metro Park, Goodyear Heights Metro Park was a beautiful setting for Saturday's outdoor tai chi program. Our FREE wellness series continues throughout the summer: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Programs, Last night's stormy sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Father's Day seems like a good time to share this photo of an Opilione, commonly known as a "daddy longlegs" or harvestman., Happy Father's Day from Metro Parks, Serving Summit County! (Photo by park visitor Charles Robert Hawker), Delta-spotted spiketail dragonfly at Liberty Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Tree swallow along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Just a reminder: Swimming is FREE today from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. at Munroe Falls Metro Park and Silver Creek Metro Park., The male red-winged blackbird’s "conk-la-ree" song can be heard in wetlands throughout the park district. Volunteer Bob Roach photographed this vocal male along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Peek-a-boo! (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), A great photo is well composed, uses light effectively, evokes feelings, tells a story and says something larger about life. This memorable image from volunteer Bob Roach has it all. Well done Bob!, Celebrate summer with a FREE day of lake swimming at Munroe Falls Metro Park and Silver Creek Metro Park tomorrow, June 15, from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.!, Last night's sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Rob Blair shared this outstanding close-up photo from his recent visit to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Please share your own macro photos on our wall or post them on Instagram with the hashtag #summitmetroparks., Wood duck with ducklings along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Seven-spotted ladybug (Coccinella septempunctata) in Sand Run Metro Park, Volunteer Bob Roach captured this incredible photo of a hungry great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Wow!, Thank you to Ryan Humbert (and guitarist Erin Vaughn) for a great unplugged performance at last night's Music by the Lake concert at Silver Creek Metro Park. Join us again on July 10 for free swimming, frozen treats from Acme Fresh Market and rockabilly artist Steven R Trent., A great time is guaranteed during this FREE event TONIGHT. And if it rains, we'll refund you. Includes live music by Ryan Humbert from 6 to 7:30 p.m., and frozen treats from Acme Fresh Market while supplies last., On Sunday, volunteer Jeff Hill captured proof of a young osprey in the nest near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail's Wilbeth Road Trailhead., "Here's looking at you," volunteer Doug Dawes emailed last night after a stop on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. "Pretty scary, huh? Better to snap a snapper than be snapped by one.", The Metro Parks Ensemble performed a "Random Act of Music" tonight at the Mustill Store in Akron. That's the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in the foreground. Watch (and listen) for more unplugged performances on Tuesdays this summer., "Looks like Mr. Spider has dinner waiting for him back at his web. Gross  and cool at the same time." - Volunteer Bethany Woznicki, from the Valley Link Trail, between Cascade Valley Metro Park / North and Sand Run Metro Park, Visitors joined Naturalist Dave Brumfield this morning for a closer look into the fascinating world of ferns and fungi. More FREE naturalist-led programs are listed on our website: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Programs, Announced earlier today ... Join the Metro Parks Ensemble in one hour just off the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron!, Volunteer photographer Doug Dawes spotted these softshell turtles laying eggs along the Cuyahoga River in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., Do you enjoy close-up images like this spider eating a snack in Sand Run Metro Park? Would you like to see more macro photography on our Facebook page?, Lunchtime at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Join the all-volunteer Metro Parks Ensemble for a FREE unplugged performance at the Mustill Store. Bring a picnic or dessert to enjoy on the lawn during the hourlong show., Cabbage white butterflies at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Macro photography is a great way to explore your Metro Parks, and there's no need to buy expensive equipment to take great close-up photos. We used a $15 iPhone macro lens to snap this image!, We joined Facebook four years ago today, and we've shared thousands of images. This collage (from 4/1/13) remains our top post. It has been seen more than 16,700 times. Thanks for following us!, Azure bluet (Enallagma aspersum) at Hampton Hills Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Just announced by the Metro Parks Photo Club!, Volunteer Jeff Hill spotted this double-crested cormorant yesterday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. All About Birds offers this advice for spotting these migratory birds: Look near lakes and coastlines for perched black waterbirds, smaller and with shorter legs than a heron, and a distinctive S-shaped crook in their neck. They often stand in the sun with their wings spread out to dry., Eastern black swallowtail at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), "This hungry little chipmunk was about 8 feet up a tree near the walkway to the F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm visitors center," emailed volunteer photographer Bob Roach., Ruby-throated hummingbird at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), The twelve-spotted skimmer (Libellula pulchella) is found in southern Canada and in all 48 of the contiguous U.S. states. Volunteer Bob Roach snapped this great photo at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm in Akron., Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this kingfisher from the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (354 Sackett Ave., Akron) on Saturday., Volunteer Jeff Hill captured this great blue heron as it flew over Gorge Metro Park last week., Indigo bunting at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), As the weather warms up and park visitation increases, please remember to follow these simple guidelines while using the Metro Parks Freedom Trail, Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail and Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Green frog at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Playing baseball at Goodyear Heights Metro Park, June 1963, Earlier this week we announced the presence of a bald eagle nest in Gorge Metro Park. There are no trails to the nest site and no public access where the nest is located. Park biologists say that’s a good thing, because human disturbance could impact the birds – a federally endangered species just a short time ago. (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo, 3/2/13), Are you participating in Spree For All, our spring hiking series for people of all abilities? Details and a hiking form are available on our website: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-SFA, Would you like to learn more about local wildlife? Our citizen science project on iNaturalist.org includes an extensive species guide with photos: www.inaturalist.org/places/summit-county-oh-us, Naturalist Danette Rushboldt: Female carpenter bees are on the hunt this time of the year searching for a nesting location. Any wooden structure, including your home, could be used. Carpenter bees rarely sting but can damage property while constructing their nests. Often confused with bumblebees, carpenter bees have a bare, shiny abdomen while bumblebees have a colorful, hairy abdomen. Unlike bumblebees, carpenter bees are solitary so no social hive is created., Cooper's hawk in Sand Run Metro Park, Water lily in the Rock & Herb Garden at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), The 2.4-mile Chuckery Trail in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South gives hikers a glimpse of the Indian Signal Tree, reportedly shaped by American Indians., Yellow warbler at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Muskrat at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Silver-spotted skipper in Sand Run Metro Park, Indigo bunting at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Great blue heron fishing along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Metro Parks biologists have confirmed two nesting pairs of bald eagles on park property. They are only the third and fourth known nests in Summit County in several decades. One of the new nests is in Gorge Metro Park in Cuyahoga Falls, the second in a conservation area in Clinton that is adjacent to the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Baltimore oriole at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Can you spot the snapper? Talk about camo! (Photo from Doug Dawes, taken on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Bluebird at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), This story from today's Akron Beacon Journal provides a great overview of our plans for the new Hardy Road Area at Hampton Hills Metro Park., null, Northern flicker at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by Rob Blair), Great weather tonight for this free unplugged concert by our all-volunteer band!, Volunteer Bob Roach captured the iridescent color of this beautiful violet dancer damselfly., American goldfinch at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer photographer Jeff Hill shared these highlights from a recent hike at Springfield Bog Metro Park. Clockwise from top left: song sparrow; red-winged blackbird and red-tailed hawk; eastern kingbird; indigo bunting; Savannah sparrow., Cedar waxwing at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Chuckery Trail at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South - 6/2/13, null, "I didn't realize brown-headed cowbirds had such a metallic colorful chest until I saw one up close like this," emailed volunteer photographer Rob Blair., After stopping by F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm yesterday to see the new exhibit, volunteer Bob Roach took this photo in the Rock & Herb Garden. (The new exhibit is "Living on the Ledge," featuring Liberty Park images from volunteer Jerry Cannon.), Brown thrasher at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Construction of Brushwood Pavilion at Furnace Run Metro Park, 1939, Eastern towhee at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Common yellowthroat at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Sleeping turtle along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Visitors at Mary Campbell Cave in Gorge Metro Park circa 1890, Are you planning to visit the Metro Parks this weekend? Download our FREE mobile app for iOS and Android! Features include GPS-enabled directions, maps, events, points of interest, click-to-call phone numbers and more.

iOS on iTunes App Store - http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-iPhone
Android on Google Play - http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-Android, Ruby-throated hummingbird at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Naturalist Sarah Putnam: This time of year you might come across what you think is an orphaned animal. You may feel the need to help, but it is best to leave the animal alone. For example, you do not want to touch or move a baby deer. Fawns are born without any scent to keep them safe from predators. A mother will leave her fawn where she feels it is safe, which may be your yard or garden. The mother must search for food to be able to produce milk. She may not come back for a few hours, but the fawn will not move until mom returns., Baseball game at Mingo Shelter in Sand Run Metro Park, 8/27/39, Volunteer photographer Doug Dawes found lots of interesting wildlife during his recent visit to the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Clockwise from top left: green frog; dragonfly; red-bellied woodpecker; Baltimore oriole; rose-breasted grosbeak; mourning dove., Indigo bunting at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), We've posted thousands of photos on our Facebook page over the years, but we've never seen anything quite like this before! Thank you to Towpath Trail visitor Jim Brown for sharing this unique image., Volunteer photographer Jeff Picoult shared these highlights from his first visit to Munroe Falls Metro Park., Jewelwing damselfly in Sand Run Metro Park, Volunteer Rob Blair shared this incredible image of last night's sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park. Thank you to Rob and all of our dedicated volunteer photographers for sharing their time and talent with us!, Green frog at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), The 895-acre Silver Creek Metro Park is tucked away in a quiet, rural area near Norton. Fishing is permitted from the dock and within designated areas along the lake shore., Zabulon skipper in Sand Run Metro Park, "I'm pretty sure this dragonfly at Liberty Park was auditioning for American Idol," emailed volunteer Jeff Picoult., Can you do this? (Photo from volunteer Bob Roach, taken Friday on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Baby wood duck at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Volunteer photographer Joe Prekop spotted this cute little rodent enjoying a snack in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., This barred owl, photographed at Silver Creek Metro Park, is featured on our June '13 desktops. Download here: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Downloads, Did you know that we also post photos on Instagram? This image of Seneca Pond at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is an example of what you might see if you follow us at http://instagram.com/summitmetroparks!, The main entrance and parking lot for Goodyear Heights Metro Park (2077 Newton St., Akron) will be CLOSED TODAY for asphalt repairs from 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. Walk-in visitors may still access the trails and restrooms. The parking lots for the Pioneer Area and the Eastwood Ballfields will remain open., Dame's rocket at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Last week, crews removed the sloping and deteriorating boardwalk at Little Turtle Pond in Firestone Metro Park. Then, they completed shore repairs and installed boulders. New fishing docks will be installed later this summer., Volunteer Joe Prekop photographed this outdoor "sculpture" Friday at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., We're looking for people to appear in next year's Spree For All ads. If you complete the May-June spree, share your story with us by completing the Contact Us form on our website. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Contact, null, The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is normally closed Mondays, but it's OPEN TODAY from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. So spend part of your holiday with us!, Belted kingfisher along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Bob Roach shared these highlights from his recent visits to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron)., The 2.4-mile Chuckery Trail at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South gives hikers a glimpse of the Indian Signal Tree, reportedly shaped by American Indians. (Photo by volunteer John Reeves), Common whitetail dragonfly at Hampton Hills Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Tiger Swallowtail at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), A story about our new mobile app, from WEWS NewsChannel 5 - Cleveland/Akron/Canton ..., Hey, everybody knew we were kidding Friday when we posted that Fall Family Outing was tonight at Goodyear Heights Metro Park, RIGHT? The event is 10/5. (We spelled that out in the post yesterday, too, but to be safe ...) It only FEELS like October outside., Lunch! (Photo by volunteers Debbie and Alan Casanova), This adorable fawn has become a frequent visitor to our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park., Volunteer Jerry Cannon shared this photo of a red-headed woodpecker he spotted recently along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Clinton. Here's some interesting trivia from All About Birds: Cherokee Indians used the species as a war symbol, and it makes an appearance in Longfellow’s epic poem The Song of Hiawatha, telling how a grateful Hiawatha gave the bird its red head in thanks for its service., Swim season opens tomorrow at Munroe Falls Metro Park and Silver Creek Metro Park! The lake at Munroe Falls might be a little cold..., Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: Bluegill Sunfish are abundant in Ohio and can be identified by several characteristics. They have a small mouth, five to nine dark vertical bars on their side, dark gill spots that looks like ears, and overall green body coloration. In May and June they build nests in large groups and spawn several times with a peak in June. Males make nests that are shaped like a shallow bowl in one to four feet of water. The female then lays 10,000 to 60,000 eggs in the nest. The eggs hatch in about five days., Join us tomorrow for the first Fall Family Outing of the year at Goodyear Heights Metro Park. Free hayrides! Free cider! Free ... Oh, wait. It only FEELS like October today. You have to wait until 10/5 for the event., Baby bunnies at Liberty Park in Twinsburg (Photo by volunteer Jeff Picoult), White-tailed deer with fawn in Sand Run Metro Park, We're looking for people to appear in next year's Spree For All ads. If you complete the May-June spree, share your story with us by completing the Contact Us form on our website. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Contact, Dandelion at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Munroe Falls Metro Park has been a destination for local swimmers since the 1930s when the Renner family opened their 13-acre lake to visitors. Here's a photo of the lake from 1935 when the admission fee was 10 cents!, Volunteer Bob Roach snapped this gorgeous photo of a tree swallow along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Look for these iridescent birds in fields, marshes, wooded swamps and beaver ponds throughout the park district., null, Swim season begins Saturday at Munroe Falls Metro Park and Silver Creek Metro Park. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova spotted this rose-breasted grosbeak on a recent hike. Want to attract one to your yard? All About Birds says grosbeaks can be "frequent visitors to backyard bird feeders, where they eat sunflower seeds with abandon.", Mountain biking in the Metro Parks? Click the link to learn more. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-MountainBike, Volunteer photographer John Reeves: "Sometimes you look for birds and sunsets, and you get groundhogs.", Volunteers Debbie and Alan Casanova snapped these great photos along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail over the last week. Clockwise from top left: killdeer; water lily; osprey; red-eared slider; muscovy duck; yellow iris., Good looks must run in the family! (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon at the Bath Road Heronry), Easter Tiger Swallowtail at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer Jeff Picoult: "Being relatively new to birding, I'm often amazed at the colors I see flying from tree to tree.  This indigo bunting (photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail) blew me away with how vivid and shiny it looked in the sunlight. Pictures really don't do this bird justice.", This non-venomous brown snake was soaking up some sun last week along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail. Ohio is home to only three venomous snakes -- Eastern Massasaugas, Timber Rattlesnakes and Northern copperheads., Male white-tailed deer re-grow their antlers every year. They begin to grow in late spring and are covered with a tissue known as velvet. This buck was spotted just minutes ago in Sand Run Metro Park's Treaty Line Area., Smurf high-rise apartment complex along the Overlook Trail at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo and caption by volunteer Jennie Levy), The flat, easy Overlook Trail provides spectacular views of the Cuyahoga River, 125 feet below the Overlook Deck. The trail is included in our 10th annual Spree For All hiking series for people of all abilities. (Photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), Volunteer Jerry Cannon: I was out doing a frog survey last night on the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail and saw some eyes reflecting the light from my headlamp. I had my macro lens with me so I got down on the trail and took a photo of this handsome fellow. Thank goodness no one ran over me! This wolf spider was about the size of a fifty cent piece including the legs. Hope you enjoy the photo!, Carry 14 parks, 125 miles of trails in your pocket!
- iPhone app: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-iPhone
- Android app: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-Android

Our FREE mobile app includes:
• GPS-enabled directions, maps, restroom locations and more for all 14 of the district’s parks and the multipurpose Bike & Hike Trail, Freedom Trail and Towpath Trail
• Brief descriptions of 40 trails, with filters based on difficulty and distance
• A comprehensive calendar of programs and events
• Click-to-call phone numbers for rangers, the administrative offices, the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm and seasonal information
• Locations of birding “hot spots,” landmarks, fishing areas, sled hills and more
• Information about reservable pavilions and shelters
• Alerts, news, and rules and regulations
• Social media links for Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube, Volunteer photographer Jeff Hill shared these highlights from his recent visit to Springfield Bog Metro Park. Clockwise from top left: killdeer; song sparrow, dragonfly; black swallowtail butterfly; green frog; red-winged blackbird., "Here's a nice colorful sunset photo with some kids walking their bikes next to the lake at Munroe Falls Metro Park," emailed volunteer Rob Blair. "It reminds me of the scene from the movie E.T.", Spring azure blue butterfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Female cardinal at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Chipmunk staring contest in Sand Run Metro Park, A recent sunset at Silver Creek Metro Park in Norton (Photo by park visitor Tim McGinnis), Children 3 to 6 and their adult companions joined Naturalist Danette Rushboldt on Thursday to learn about some of the wildflowers popping up in the Metro Parks. More FREE programs are listed on our website: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-May-2013, Volunteer John Reeves photographed this female red-winged blackbird enjoying a tasty insect lunch along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., "I watched this female Baltimore oriole building her nest for close to an hour," emailed volunteer Jeff Picoult. "She would push, pull and sew the nest together before leaving again and again to find more building materials.", Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo visited Furnace Run Metro Park yesterday in search of spring wildflowers, and she wasn't disappointed! Clockwise from top left: golden ragwort; wild geranium; dame's rocket; cancer-root (also known as squawroot or bear corn); fleabane; jack-in-the-pulpit., Naturalist Mike Greene: Ruby-throated hummingbirds are back at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm's feeders and flowers! They have returned from their winter vacation in Mexico and Central America. A hummingbird feeder is the easiest way to attract them to your yard, but hummingbird-friendly plants are even better. When hummingbirds visit flowers to eat nectar, they also get essential protein by eating insects and spiders attracted to the blooms., Swim season begins May 25 at Silver Creek Metro Park and Munroe Falls Metro Park! Save $5 per person by purchasing season passes before May 24. (Photo by park visitor Tim McGinnis), A beautiful little fawn was learning to walk this morning outside of our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park. If you see a fawn that seems to be abandoned, leave it alone and observe it from a distance. We took these photos through a window using a telephoto lens., "It was an awesome sunset last night," emailed volunteer Rob Blair. "The Tallmadge Meadows Area at Munroe Falls Metro Park was the perfect spot to view it.", Volunteer John Reeves photographed this eastern tiger swallowtail butterfly last week, in the leaf litter next to the tracks along the new Metro Parks Freedom Trail in Tallmadge., White-tailed deer at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteer John Reeves spotted this great blue heron looking for fish Monday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., "This does NOT look like a comfy spot, but this softshell turtle (estimated to be nearly 20 inches around) seemed to be enjoying it," emailed Bike Patrol volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova after a ride on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail Wednesday. "Just look at that cute little nose!", Red-bellied woodpecker at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Cedar waxwing along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jeff Picoult), Baltimore oriole at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Rose-breasted grosbeak, sitting above the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), "Normally, tree swallows are busy flying to and fro, looking for bugs. However, these two sat down (along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail) and let me take their picture from a bunch of artistic angles." - Volunteer Jeff Picoult, Volunteer Bob Roach called this photo "Talking Turtle." What's he saying?, Volunteer Joe Prekop recently photographed this cool design on a tree trunk in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. It was likely created by some kind of boring beetle., Volunteer Rob Blair: "I photographed this little song sparrow (last night) calling out to the sun, asking if it would be so kind as to warm things up again. It was cold out there" at Munroe Falls Metro Park., "This was a first for me," volunteer Jeff Picoult emailed last night. "While walking along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, I stumbled upon this female yellow warbler taking food and supplies to its nest!", You really have to keep an eye on kids these days. (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes, taken from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), SPREE FOR ALL: Enjoy flat, easy trails now through June 30 and earn hiking rewards! http://bitly.com/MPSSC-SFA, That's not a rock. It's a box turtle. Volunteer Jennie Levy took a closer look and snapped this photo at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., Tree swallow, photographed Monday morning by volunteer Bob Roach, along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron, This outstanding action sequence was captured by volunteer Bob Roach along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron. Great blue herons stand motionless in shallow water before striking fish with a quick thrust of their necks., We're hiring! We have several positions posted on our website, including interpretive services intern. Call it a "summer naturalist." View details here: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Jobs, Volunteer Bob Roach shared these highlights from his recent visit to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron)., Naturalist Dave Brumfield: One of the most attractive and easily identified songbirds in North America is the Baltimore oriole. Named for the colorful coat of arms carried by Lord Baltimore in the 17th century, this bright orange (or yellow and black) bird is a favorite for many bird watchers.

In spring, the Baltimore oriole leaves its wintering grounds in Florida, Mexico and South America, to arrive in the U.S. and Canada to begin mating and nesting. The mating season begins in late April to early May. The males usually arrive two or three days before the females to begin claiming their territories. Courtship displays by the male consist of bowing, to show off the bright orange front and black back, and singing, which is almost constant until they mate with a female.

Nests are primarily built by the female in a deciduous tree about 15 to 30 feet above ground. She makes a deep pouch or sock-like nest that is suspended near the end of a tree branch.  It is made of hair, bark fibers, string, grasses and other materials. She lays four to six pale blue to gray-white eggs with brown spots in a single clutch. Incubation of the eggs lasts from 12 to 14 days. After hatching, the chicks are actively fed by both parents. Their diet consists of insects, fruit, and nectar. The young then leave the nest about two weeks later.

Baltimore orioles are beautiful birds that can easily be attracted to your backyard. Since orioles love fruit and nectar, put out orange halves, grape jelly or an oriole nectar feeder. Also, offer a source of water for drinking and bathing.

(Photo by volunteer Bob Roach, taken 5/8/13 at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), It was cold and windy when we snapped this photo yesterday at Munroe Falls Metro Park. Can you believe that swim season is less than 2 weeks away?, More than 600 runners participated in our 2nd annual Mother's Day 5K at Munroe Falls Metro Park! Race results are available online: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-MD5K-13results, All-Flowers Weekend: Spring beauties (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), All-Flowers Weekend: Hepatica (photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), All-Flowers Weekend: White violet at Goodyear Heights Metro Park, All-Flowers Weekend: Creeping phlox at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jeff Picoult), All-Flowers Weekend: Bluebells at O'Neil Woods Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), All-Flowers Weekend: Wild ginger at O'Neil Woods Metro Park, All-Flowers Weekend: Trout lily at Liberty Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), All-Flowers Weekend: Dutchman's Breeches (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), All-Flowers Weekend: Golden ragwort in Sand Run Metro Park's Big Bend Area, All-Flowers Weekend: Wild strawberries at Liberty Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Picoult), All-Flowers Weekend: Red trillium (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), All-Flowers Weekend: Spring beauty (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), All-Flowers Weekend: Bloodroot found along Cascade Valley Metro Park / South's Chuckery Trail, All-Flowers Weekend: Water lily at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Let's celebrate Mom's special day on Sunday with an All-Flowers Weekend! To get things started, here is a large white trillium spotted earlier this week along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I was passing by the Mustill Store (248 Ferndale St., Akron) on Thursday and decided to stop and look at the river. I was rewarded with a view of these spiny softshell turtles basking in the sun.", null, What are you doing to celebrate Mom on Sunday?, Our hummingbird feeders are up at the offices in Sand Run Metro Park. Are yours?, Yes, this is a real thing, right here in Summit County, Ohio. Bike Patrol volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova saw this spiny softshell turtle sunning itself yesterday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Have you ever seen one?, Great colors here!, We found this green frog enjoying the sun today in Sand Run Metro Park., Jack-in-the-pulpit is a herbaceous perennial plant native to eastern North America. Volunteer photographer Jennie Levy spotted this beautiful example a few days ago at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., Spring migration brings millions of birds to Ohio, including this Nashville warbler photographed by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm earlier today., "This rather large snapping turtle took his time crossing the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail this morning," emailed volunteer Jeff Picoult. "I stood guard to make sure that none of the bikes flying by ruined his day.", This morning's sunrise at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Volunteers Debbie and Alan Casanova photographed this Baltimore oriole during a naturalist-led "Birds and Blooms" hike on Tuesday morning. This brilliant bird likes to perch in the tops of trees so look high when you are searching for them., Snapping turtles only bask in the sun in spring, so May is a good time to look for them in water with muddy bottoms and abundant vegetation. We spotted this juvenile turtle along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail earlier this week., Saturday's sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), "This little guy played peek-a-boo with us for about 5 minutes at Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park," emailed volunteers Debbie and Alan Casanova., Young wood ducks exploring the canal along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), "The babies are growing fast at the Bath Road Herony," reports volunteer Jerry Cannon. "Many nests have three babies, and this one had four.", Yellow warbler at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Goodyear Heights Metro Park - 5/4/13 (Photos by volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer Jeff Hill recently spotted this beautiful wild mushroom during a hike in the Metro Parks. Please remember that the removal of any natural features, including mushrooms, is strictly prohibited in the park district. As the saying goes: "Take only photographs and memories, leave only footprints.", Goslings along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), The 2.4-mile Chuckery Trail at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South gives hikers a glimpse of the Indian Signal Tree, reportedly shaped by American Indians. (Photo by volunteer John Reeves), "Here's what it looked like at 6 a.m. over at Munroe Falls Metro Park," emailed volunteer Rob Blair., Volunteer Robert George shared these colorful images from his recent visit to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm in Akron. The 104-acre Nature Realm includes a visitors center with a gift shop, several gardens, observation decks, two ponds, hiking trails and a tall-grass prairie., Although advance registration ended on 4/26, day-of registration will be available for our 2nd annual Mother's Day 5K at Munroe Falls Metro Park on Sunday, May 12 at 8 a.m. This video from last year's inaugural event might inspire you to run, jog or walk to celebrate Mom on her special day!, Homeschoolers joined Naturalist Danette Rushboldt at Furnace Run Metro Park last Friday to learn the basics of fishing. Our next youth fishing program is scheduled for Saturday, May 18 at Firestone Metro Park's Little Turtle Pond. Details here: http://bit.ly/13d5Sb0, Volunteer photographer Doug Dawes wasn't fooled by this eastern screech-owl's remarkable camouflage. He captured this fantastic photo on Friday at Firestone Metro Park., Volunteer photographer Jeff Hill attended Saturday's naturalist-led Bird Search program at Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park. These images from the hike demonstrate why the park has been designated an Important Bird Area! Clockwise from top left: Blackburnian warbler; bay-breasted warbler; myrtle warbler; warbling vireo; yellow-throated warbler; Swainson's thrush., Dogwood blossom in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), All-Birds Weekend: Osprey returning home along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, near Wilbeth Road (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), All-Birds Weekend: Red-winged blackbird (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill, shot along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), All-Birds Weekend: This northern cardinal looks happy to strike a pose for volunteer Rob Blair along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., All-Birds Weekend: Tree swallow takes flight along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer John Reeves), All-Birds Weekend: Cooper's hawk enjoying lunch in Sand Run Metro Park, All-Birds Weekend: Killdeer guarding eggs at Liberty Park (Photo by volunteer Jeff Picoult), All-Birds Weekend: Volunteer Bob Roach had a staring contest last week with this wood duck. No word from Bob about who won., All-Birds Weekend: Eastern towhee at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), All-Birds Weekend: Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this blue-gray gnatcatcher last week along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. All About Birds says the bird "makes itself known by its soft but emphatic 'spee' calls." Maybe it's calling "spree," since Spree For All (our two-month  hiking series for all abilities) started Wednesday., All-Birds Weekend: Volunteer Bob Roach had his ducks in a row when he spotted these mallards recently at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., All-Birds Weekend: Song sparrow, seen last week at Springfield Bog Metro Park by volunteer Jerry Cannon, All-Birds Weekend: The American robin is a year-round resident; it's not a harbinger of spring. Still, volunteer Bob Roach photographed this beautiful bird on a recent spring hike at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., All-Birds Weekend: The early bird gets the worm - or fish, in this case. (Great blue heron photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), All-Birds Weekend: Female red-winged blackbird, spotted Wednesday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by Metro Parks volunteer Jeff Hill., All-Birds Weekend: Volunteer Jeff Hill captured this pretty eastern bluebird on a recent visit to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Naturalist Renell Simrau provided an update about this morning's birding hike: Firestone Metro Park was aflit with migratory birds during today's Firestone Friday program. The park is a refueling stop for migratory birds before they continue their journey across Lake Erie to points further north. We saw 59 species of birds during the program, including 15 warblers. Highlights were Cape May warbler, chestnut-sided warbler, Wilson’s warbler, blackburnian warbler, orchard and Baltimore orioles, chimney swifts and rose-breasted grosbeak (pictured). Good Birding!, By popular demand, another ALL-BIRDS WEEKEND is headed your way tonight through Sunday. (Photo by volunteer Jeff Picoult, shot along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Beautiful spring wildflowers are blooming throughout the park district, including these species spotted at Goodyear Heights Metro Park in Akron., White-tailed deer can jump 9 feet or higher. This one had no problem clearing the fence yesterday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this yellow warbler last week on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Naturalist Mike Greene reported seeing one - along with several other warbler varieties - this morning at Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park., Beaver near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Jeff Hill), Here are a few wildlife photos from a lunchtime walk along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron. Clockwise from top left: white-tailed deer; bluebird; chipmunk; juvenile snapping turtle; tadpole; rose-breasted grosbeak., null, "Bee" there in a little over an hour ..., Hide-and-seek chipmunk at Springfield Bog Metro Park, "These ducks along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail were too cute to pass up," emailed volunteer photographer Doug Dawes., Marsh marigold at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm's Rock & Herb Garden (Photo by volunteer Jeff Picoult), Belted kingfisher spotted along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), "Peek-a-boo." (Photo by volunteer Jennie Levy, from the wildlife viewing area at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Meet the biggest chipmunk in Summit County, TONIGHT from 6 to 8 p.m. at Gorge Metro Park., This morning at 11, officials from Metro Parks, Akron Metro Regional Transit Authority and the City of Tallmadge will dedicate the first 4.2 miles of the new multipurpose Metro Parks Freedom Trail, at Lions Park, 245 Northeast Ave., Tallmadge. The trail is on land owned by METRO RTA and follows an unused railroad corridor. This summer, the trail will be extended to Eastwood Avenue in Akron, and it will eventually connect to the Towpath Trail at Northside Station in Akron., We love spring mornings like this, and the colorful eastern redbud tree outside our offices in Sand Run Metro Park is a beautiful bonus., "This northern watersnake was soaking up the sun in a bush about 5 feet off the ground along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail," emailed volunteer Debbie DiCarlo. Snakes are one of Ohio's most beneficial reptiles; they play an important role in controlling rodents., Chorus frog tadpoles at Springfield Bog Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Angry bird! (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), "This large green frog was staring me down from the pond near the Rock & Herb Garden at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm," emailed volunteer Jeff Picoult. "Maybe he was admiring his reflection in my telephoto lens?", Volunteer Jeff Hill spotted this gorgeous red-headed woodpecker earlier today along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. This species has declined significantly over the last 50 years because of habitat loss., Here are a few colorful images from volunteer Bob Roach's visit to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm yesterday afternoon., Volunteer Jeff Picoult: "This female mallard and her hubby were putting on a private 'air show' for me and my family on a recent visit to Little Turtle Pond at Firestone Metro Park.", The Indian Signal Tree in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South's Chuckery Area (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this killdeer a few days ago at Springfield Bog Metro Park. Killdeer get their name from their shrill, wailing "kill-deer" call., Sparkling spiderweb along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), The next few days may provide the last good glimpses of blooms along the Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run (3100 Brush Rd., Richfield). Volunteer photographer Jeff Picoult offers this great view from Friday., This violet dancer damselfly, photographed at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm in May 2012 by volunteer Jerry Cannon, is the subject of the May '13 desktop. Download it here: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Downloads, Did our "All-Birds Weekend" inspire you to visit the Metro Parks in search of birds? You can find a list of birding hot spots in our new mobile app!

iTunes App Store: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-iPhone
Google Play:http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-Android, Wood duck at sunrise along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Sometimes, you just want to hide in your shell. Do Mondays make you feel like this? (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach), All-Birds Weekend: Volunteer Rob Blair saw this belted kingfisher Friday on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., All-Birds Weekend: Everyone loves F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, and birds are no exception. Volunteer Bob Roach sent us this image of a male mallard after a recent visit., All-Birds Weekend: On Earth Day, which was this past Monday, volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this phoebe from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., The Akron Beacon Journal recently profiled Bob Roach and Jerry Cannon, two volunteer photographers who regularly contribute images for our Facebook page. Thank you to ALL of the volunteer photographers who share their time and talent with us!, All-Birds Weekend: Last week, volunteer Doug Dawes saw these egrets along a stretch of the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., All-Birds Weekend: Volunteer Jeff Hill really captured the beauty and vibrancy of the yellow warbler this week when he spotted this one next to the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., All-Birds Weekend: The Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail's Wilbeth Road trailhead (392 W. Wilbeth Rd., Akron) is a local birding hot spot. We photographed more than 30 different species this afternoon during a trip south to the Manchester Road trailhead. A few of our favorite photos from the walk are included in this collage., All-Birds Weekend: Is this Canada goose "planking?" You decide. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), All-Birds Weekend: Volunteer Bob Roach offers evidence why this bird is called a yellow-rumped warbler. He saw it several days ago on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., All-Birds Weekend: Volunteer Rob Blair recently captured this great close-up of a great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., All-Birds Weekend: Volunteer Jeff Hill spotted this red-winged blackbird this week along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., All-Birds Weekend: Visitors have seen quite a change at Springfield Bog Metro Park, as more than 40 varieties of prairie plants continue to transform the former farmland. The result is a birding hotspot, attracting bobolinks, meadowlarks, rails and other grassland nesting species. This Savannah sparrow was spotted at the park last week by volunteer Jerry Cannon., All-Birds Weekend: Volunteer Robert George saw this barred owl Sunday in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., All-Birds Weekend: Volunteer Doug Dawes spent some time recently at Springfield Bog Metro Park, and among his many observations was this eastern bluebird., Wow!, Volunteer Joe Prekop photographed this pretty trout lily Thursday in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. Have you spotted any wildflowers in the Metro Parks over the last few days?, Here's a preview of what's coming ... It's an All-Birds Weekend! Watch for new, incredible photos from volunteers tonight through Sunday. (This great blue heron was photographed Monday by volunteer Bob Roach.), Advance registration ends TODAY! Mom didn’t raise you to procrastinate and spend more, did she? Sign up now and SAVE $10., The flat, easy Overlook Trail in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South (354 Sackett Ave., Akron) provides spectacular views of the Cuyahoga River, 125 feet below the Overlook Deck. This trail is included in Spree For All, our spring hiking series for people of all abilities, which begins Wednesday. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Naturalist Pat Rydquist: "A box turtle has a home range the size of two football fields. If it is removed from its range, where it spends its whole life, it will waste away trying to get home. So if you find a box turtle on the road, just put it on the side of the road in the direction it was heading." (Pictured, the resident box turtle at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Check out what arrived today: the 2013 FALL HIKING SPREE shields! We're celebrating 50 years of the popular annual event this year, but you'll have to wait until September 1 to earn Fall Hiking Spree credit. (However, our spring event, Spree For All, begins next Wednesday, May 1!), Today was the last day for Melissa Turi, our graphic design intern from The University of Akron. She will graduate next month. Among other projects, she created these illustrations for new information panels that were placed earlier this month near Little Turtle Pond in Firestone Metro Park., Swim season begins in one month! Pre-season passes for Summit County residents are $25 for adults and teens, $10 for ages 2 to 12 and seniors 65 and older. After May 24, season pass rates increase by $5. Kids under 2 are always admitted free., The new Metro Parks Freedom Trail travels 4.2 miles between the Middlebury Lot and Tallmadge Circle. When completed, this eight-mile multipurpose trail will connect Akron and Kent. Download a PDF of the trail map here: http://bit.ly/Freedom-Trail-Map, Male ruby-crowned kinglets usually keep their crown hidden. Volunteer Rob Blair used a combination of skill and patience to capture this glimpse of the bird's bright red crest., This reminder about peak-bloom along the Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park (3100 Brush Rd., Richfield) is from volunteer Joe Prekop, who visited Sunday. We expect great views for just a few more days., Great blue herons receive a lot of local attention, but green herons are also beautiful and fascinating. Look for this small, stocky bird in swamps, streams, marshes, ponds and lake edges. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), The Cuyahoga River in Gorge Metro Park as seen from the High Level Bridge (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer Kevin Lanterman visited the Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park (3100 Brush Rd., Richfield) on Monday, and here's a photo. Peak-bloom is still expected for the next few days, so let's hope for a break in the rain., "I stopped by the Bath Road Herony yesterday and was surprised to see little fuzzy heads sticking up from some of the nests," wrote volunteer Jerry Cannon. "They are so cute!", Can you spot the tiny turtle? (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), This Cooper's hawk has become a regular lunchtime visitor at our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park., Volunteer Rob Blair snapped this fantastic photo of two juvenile great horned owls along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. These juveniles will fledge from their nest while still downy around the head and without noticeable ear tufts., A male red-winged blackbird will puff up or hide his colorful shoulder patch depending on how confident he feels. This guy must be pretty self-assured! (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), The ford across the parkway in Sand Run Metro Park has been a popular attraction for generations of local drivers. We would love to hear any special stories or memories you have about this unique landmark., An estimated 40,000 daffodils – including dozens of varieties – bloom each spring along Furnace Run Metro Park's H.S. Wagner Daffodil Trail, named for the park district's first director-secretary, who planted the first bulbs here in the late 1930s. (Photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), This afternoon, clients from United Disability Services tested the Meadow Loop trail at Munroe Falls Metro Park. This trail is part of Spree For All, our hiking series for people of all abilities. Spree For All starts May 1, and forms are available now on our website: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-SFA, The park manager reports 90% of the daffodils are in bloom along the 0.6-mile Daffodil Trail at Furnace Run Metro Park. Stop by for a visit before it is too late! (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), A male red-winged blackbird will defend his territory during breeding season, sometimes confronting much larger animals. Volunteer Bob Roach captured this sneak attack along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail earlier today., Ospreys have a reversible outer toe that allows them to grasp with two toes in front and two behind. Volunteer Jerry Cannon got close enough to photograph this unique feature yesterday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Last night's sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Every day is Earth Day. (Pictured: the Indian Signal Tree at Cascade Valley Metro Park / South), Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed the first dragonflies of the season! "While out doing a (wildlife) survey on Thursday when it was 80 degrees, I ran across this pair of green darners in the mating wheel," he emailed. What a find!, This colorful pine warbler was seen Thursday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm by volunteer Doug Dawes., null, Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this peregrine falcon circling over F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm on Wednesday., Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this eastern bluebird yesterday at Springfield Bog Metro Park., It's hard to see in this photo, but you'll have to take our word for it. This beautiful bird is a yellow-rumped warbler, seen Wednesday by volunteer Rob Blair along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., If there was ever any doubt why the northern cardinal is our state bird, this great image from volunteer Rob Blair (taken Wednesday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail) should clear things up., The colors on this red-winged blackbird really pop. Credit goes to volunteer Doug Dawes, who captured its in-flight beauty Wednesday., Spring IS here. Volunteer Jennie Levy offers proof: magnolias in bloom at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. She captured these images Thursday., Volunteer Bob Roach captured these three outstanding action shots of a great blue heron Wednesday on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. The birds have huge wingspans (6 feet or more), and it looks like they can really leap, too., Trout lilies along the Chuckery Trail in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South, Blossoms at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by volunteer Jennie Levy), Volunteer Rob Blair shared this unique perspective from the Daffodil Trail at Furnace Run Metro Park. Thousands of daffodils – including dozens of varieties – are expected to be at or near peak-bloom this weekend through next week., Advance registration ends in one week!, Volunteer Kevin Lanterman: "The daffodils are not the only thing blooming. The magnolia trees are in full bloom right now at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. You could smell them (yesterday) the minute you got out of the car.", Who doesn't enjoy a good stretch in the morning? (Photo from volunteer Bob Roach, taken Monday morning on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this Cooper's hawk Wednesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, and asked, "Hey, do you think this shot makes my butt look big?", null, Bloodroot is a perennial, herbaceous flowering plant native to eastern North America. The flowers are produced from March to May, with 8-12 delicate white petals and yellow reproductive parts. This example was spotted last night along the Chuckery Trail in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., Our FREE mobile app is available now! Features include GPS-enabled directions, maps, calendar of events, landmarks, click-to-call phone numbers, trail descriptions and more.

ITUNES APP STORE - http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-iPhone
GOOGLE PLAY - http://bit.ly/MPSSC-App-Android, null, null, We want your coyote photos! Send us a PM with details, and we'll respond with instructions for submissions. Visitor Christine Beckner recently sent this one, spotted in 2011: "The coyote was at road kill when I first saw it," she emailed. "It ran back off the road and stopped while I took this picture.", Cool photo! A trail camera captured these buzzards feasting on a deer carcass Saturday at O'Neil Woods Metro Park. Have you ever seen anything like this in person?, Volunteer Bob Roach sent us this great image of pied-billed grebe, taken Monday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Don't call it a duck; it doesn't have webbed feet. And though it migrates at night, don't call it a night owl. All About Birds simply calls it "a small diving bird.", We saw our first garter snake of the season a short time ago outside of our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park. It sure is a nice day to enjoy the sun., Carry 14 parks and 125 miles of trails in your pocket! Our FREE iPhone app is available now on the App Store., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I've been following the development of these chorus frogs since the controlled burn at Springfield Bog Metro Park. They were just a glob at that time (4/6/13). Three days later you can see their tails developing. The third (and largest) picture was taken Saturday. You can see the gills on some of them." Jerry ended with, "How cool is this!" Couldn't have said it better ourselves., "Are you talkin' to me?" (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach, taken Friday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Monday, after lives were shattered in Boston, visitor Brian Wilson captured the sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park, reminding us that life is beautiful and there's still plenty of good in this world., A collection of great photos from volunteer Bob Roach's morning visit to the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., These northern flickers, photographed just a few minutes ago along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, are engaged in a unique mating ritual. Here's a description from All About Birds: Rivals face off in a display sometimes called a “fencing duel,” while a prospective mate looks on. Two birds face each other on a branch, bills pointed upward, and bob their heads in time while drawing a loop or figure-eight pattern in the air, often giving rhythmic 'wicka' calls at the same time., We're working with Code for America to make information about parks and trails in Summit County more accessible. Take this quick 5-minute survey to help the team of technologists understand how you use parks and trails! http://bit.ly/Zfw8gd (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon, at Silver Creek Metro Park), "The water is back in the lake at Munroe Falls Metro Park and so are the beautiful reflections," emailed volunteer Rob Blair. Here's proof from his visit this morning!, Hug a runner today., Great blue heron along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Here's another image from volunteer Rob Blair of the wood duck he photographed this morning along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. "Gotta love when the light cooperates like this," emailed Rob., You never know what you might find during a hike in your Metro Parks! We spotted this American mink a few hours ago in a small stream that runs behind our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park., The male wood duck's ornate patterns are easy to see in this stunning photo from volunteer Rob Blair. Look for these unique birds in bottomland forests, swamps, freshwater marshes and beaver ponds., Volunteer Bob Roach took this photograph Friday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. He emailed: "I can't pass up a female mallard. To me, they really are beautiful.", null, Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo: "I went to see the osprey at Wilbeth Road on Sunday. I have always read about them, but never saw one in person. Also,  I was secretly hoping to get a photo like (volunteer) Jerry Cannon did the other day - of the osprey bringing a fish into the nest. But all I got was the osprey pole-vaulting into the nest. Just my luck.", Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted these ruby-crowned kinglets Saturday along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail. "Nice little flock at the 303 trailhead," he emailed. "Didn't sit still for long." All About Birds says the species is one of North America's smallest birds - so good eye, Doug!, It's a dirty job, but these students were willing to do it., Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I saw this belted kingfisher hit the water and come up with lunch yesterday. After beating the fish on the branch about a dozen times until the fish quit moving, he swallowed it whole. Pretty impressive.", Looks like everybody had fun yesterday at this great annual event., We're working with Code for America to make information about parks and trails in Summit County more accessible. Take this quick 5-minute survey to help the team of technologists understand how you use parks and trails! http://bit.ly/Zfw8gd (2012 Akron Marathon photo by Metro Parks volunteer Rob Vaughn), Last night's sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park, from volunteer Rob Blair, This is a great program and partnership!, Are you "contemplating spring" like this squirrel?, What are you doing this weekend? Flyin' around or just sittin' around? (Photo of tree swallows by volunteer Bob Roach, on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this beautiful (and, by the looks of it, very vocal) red-winged blackbird Tuesday on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., "Muskrat on the Move," photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail last weekend by Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes., Here's a welcome sight: Turtles at Hampton Hills Metro Park. (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), How do you stock a pond with trout? You shoot 'em out of a cannon., Do you have photos of coyotes in your neighborhood? We're working on a video about our years-long coyote research project, and we want your images! Send us a message with your email address. (Photo taken Sunday in Kenmore by Facebook fan Jennifer Thomas Sullivan)., null, Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon, who surpassed 8,000 hours of service last month, is one of just 13 U.S. citizen scientists profiled by National Geographic! http://bit.ly/12TfCFy, Cool photos!, Volunteer Jerry Cannon: "I saw about a dozen spotted salamanders over a period of about two hours" Wednesday night in Sand Run Metro Park, including this one. Salamanders migrate to vernal pools on wet nights when temps are near 50 degrees., We're working with Code for America to make information about parks and trails in Summit County more accessible. Take this quick 5-minute survey to help the team of technologists understand how you use parks and trails! http://bit.ly/Zfw8gd (Photo from fall 2012 on the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), null, Volunteer Debbie Casanova: "Mother Nature willing, the best is yet to come. We were delighted to find (a few blooms) along the Daffodil Trail this morning" in Furnace Run Metro Park (3100 Brush Rd., Richfield). The park manager reports about 10% in bloom, but it's a great (and pretty) start., Great news! Our FREE mobile app for Android devices is available now on Google Play. The iOS app should be available in the iTunes store next week., null, We spotted this tiny spring peeper (but no salamanders) in Sand Run Metro Park tonight, a little after 8 o'clock. Watch tomorrow for a short video of it hopping on the parkway., Sometimes, scat happens. And that's what this is: deer scat. Volunteer Jerry Cannon either shot this with the best lens available, or he got really, uncomfortably close., Here's an incredible photo, taken by a Facebook fan along a section of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail that's managed by our CVNP friends., Volunteer Bob Roach took these great photos along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail earlier today before the dark clouds rolled in., "The Wilbeth Road ospreys are still putting the final touches on their nest," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed with this photo Tuesday after a visit to the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. "They are quite the handsome couple.", We're working with Code for America to make information about parks and trails in Summit County more accessible. Take this quick 5-minute survey to help the team of technologists understand how you use parks and trails! http://bit.ly/Zfw8gd  (Photo by volunteer Denny Reiser), "More redwings, but I like them," volunteer Bob Roach emailed this morning with several new images taken on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. "This one might be my all-time favorite.", We were delighted to observe this Mourning Cloak in Sand Run Metro Park this afternoon. Have you seen any butterflies this spring?, Cooper's hawk at lunchtime: Who wants to see the rest of the story?, It may look uncomfortable, but mallards sleep this way to keep warm. Bills lose a lot of heat because they are uncovered. To solve this problem, mallards tuck their bills into some nice, warm feathers!, "The excitement builds," volunteer Debbie Casanova emailed earlier today after visiting the Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park (3100 Brush Rd., Richfield) this morning. "We found a small grouping starting to bloom." Stay tuned to Facebook for updates and peak-bloom news ..., Facebook fan and new volunteer photographer Bethany Woznicki shared this cool photo after her Sunday visit to Munroe Falls Metro Park. We asked how she took it, and she reported using a waterproof Panasonic Lumix DMC-TS2., null, The arrival of spring weather (finally!) wasn't the only highlight of the weekend. Yesterday, we reached 11,000 likes!, null, It was a beautiful weekend in your Metro Parks! Here is a collage of visitor photos shared with us via Facebook, Twitter and Instagram., Visitor Brian Wilson photographed this scene this morning at the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park. The park has gained a reputation for great sunsets. Looks like sunrises are spectacular here, too., Look closely, or you might not notice the female wood duck. Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this pair from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail on Saturday. She blends in very well., Advance registration ends 4/26! Click for info and to register online. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-MD5K, Photos, taken Friday, of the Rock & Herb Garden at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted these turkeys yesterday along the new Metro Parks Freedom Trail. Don't be a turkey on the multipurpose trails: give an audible signal before passing and be courteous of other users., Metro Parks researchers are tracking coyotes as part of a multi-year project aimed at learning about the wild canines’ range, diet and overall health. On Friday morning, this 29-lb. female was captured, collared, tagged and released. Learn more about our ongoing research here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Coyotes, "I picked up dinner while I was out." (Osprey photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon, shot Monday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron), Volunteer Rob Blair spotted this female house finch a few days ago at Munroe Falls Metro Park. Would you like to attract this species to your feeder? House finches like small, black-oil sunflower seed., Wondering what the female red-winged blackbird looks like? Wonder no more, thanks to volunteer Bob Roach. He spotted this beautiful lady Thursday on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Volunteer Bob Roach photographed this red-winged blackbird Thursday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., There are 41 miles of the multipurpose Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Summit County. Metro Parks manages more than half of that distance, from the southern boundary of Cuyahoga Valley National Park to the Stark County line, except about three miles in Akron. Pictured is a boardwalk near the Big Bend trailhead (1337 Merriman Rd., Akron)., Male mallard at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), White-throated sparrow, photographed Wednesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm by volunteer Doug Dawes, Guess the Spot! In which park did we take this photo this afternoon?, Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed signs of spring at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm yesterday: turtles in the sun, buds on trees and visitors not wearing winter coats., Volunteer Jerry Cannon captured the controlled burn yesterday at Springfield Bog Metro Park. Fire is used to maintain the prairie habitat, keeping it from "growing up" and becoming a forest., Give us a caption for this photo of Canada geese from volunteer Bob Roach, taken along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail less than a week ago., Think woolly bears are only around in the fall? This one was spotted last weekend at Springfield Bog Metro Park. Naturalist Pat Rydquist said its not unusual to see them now; it's not like our weather has confused them., Fire is a natural part of both forest and grassland ecology and controlled fire is an effective tool for natural resource management. This photo, taken just moments ago, shows the prescribed burn we are conducting today to improve the prairie habitat at Springfield Bog Metro Park., Park visitor offers a great photo, and a great description, null, Good morning from Sand Run Metro Park! It looks like a beautiful day awaits., Visitor Jeff Hill saw this osprey during last Friday's "Waterfowl Watch" program at the Wilbeth Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Great capture!, Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach photographed these wood ducks from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron yesterday. He emailed: "I've been a birder for a long time and I always get excited this time of the year.", "A good snapshot keeps a moment from running away," wrote author Eudora Welty. We are grateful that volunteer Rob Blair captured this fleeting moment for us at the Bath Road Herony this morning., Bufflehead are North America’s smallest diving duck. At the end of a dive, they may bob to the surface like a cork. (Photo by volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova), Last night's gorgeous sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Kevin Lanterman), "Now, you know I don't do many cardinal shots, but I dropped by F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm late (yesterday) morning and put the 500mm to a little more testing. Here's a shot that I really liked." - Metro Parks volunteer Rob Blair, A few more shots of the barred owl spotted last week by volunteer Doug Dawes in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South; we posted one image several days ago., Volunteer Kevin Lanterman on his experience at the Bath Road Heronry, near Hampton Hills Metro Park: "I went down (this weekend) just to spend a few minutes and take a few photos. An hour and over a hundred photos later, I finally left.", More fun, FREE programs are listed on our website: http://www.summitmetroparks.org, null, Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this male Great Blue Heron collecting nesting materials at the Bath Road Herony in Akron. The male gathers sticks from the ground, nearby trees and abandoned nests. The female will then weave a platform and a saucer-shaped nest., The song of the Common Grackle is often described as sounding like a rusty gate. Listen for them near woodlands, marshes and agricultural fields. (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon at Firestone Metro Park), Facebook fan Gena Williams sent us these fantastic photos of the piebald deer currently making the rounds in Stow near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail. The brown and white spotting pattern displayed by piebald deer is the result of a genetic abnormality, not disease or parasites. Less than 1% of white-tailed deer have this condition., We photographed this perennial plant as it opened up today in Sand Run Metro Park. Do you know what it is?, We photographed this Cooper's hawk a few minutes ago perched above Treaty Line Road in Sand Run Metro Park. You’re most likely to see this skillful hunter prowling above a forest edge or field., Season passes for lake swimming at Munroe Falls Metro Park and Silver Creek Metro Park are on sale starting today. Swim season is May 25 to August 18. Click here for details: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Swim, The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is closed most Mondays, but its doors will be OPEN 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. TODAY, Monday, April 1. (And that's not an April Fools' Day joke.), Like this bullfrog? Download our April '13 desktop, and enjoy it on your PC, Mac and more. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Downloads (Photo from volunteer Bob Roach), "Flight of the Wood Duck" is what volunteer Doug Dawes called this "splashy" series of photos, taken last week along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., Mallard at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, from volunteer Bob Roach, null, Volunteer Bob Roach photographed this red-winged blackbird Friday, but he couldn't decide which image he liked best. We're grateful for all three., Today is the LAST DAY to turn in your 2012 Fall Hiking Spree form and receive last year's shield, and the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is the only place to do it. The building is open noon to 5 p.m. Call 330-865-8065 for details., "Anticipation builds!" volunteer Debbie Casanova emailed yesterday with this photo, referencing the Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park (3100 Brush Rd., Richfield). "Almost, but not quite there ...", Rusty blackbird at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Tree swallows at Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), You still have time to train for your first or fastest 5K, but advance registration ends in less than a month! http://bitly.com/MPSSC-MD5K, Red-winged blackbird in Firestone Metro Park, from volunteer Bob Roach, Here's a welcome sight: Volunteer Doug Dawes found this painted turtle Thursday in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South in Akron., Red-tailed hawk above Cascade Valley Metro Park / South in Akron, photographed yesterday by volunteer Doug Dawes, This morning's "Waterfowl Watch" program along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail was a great success! In addition to this Osprey photographed by visitor Jeff Hill, the group also spotted Pied-billed Grebes, Horned Grebes, Ring-necked Ducks, Ruddy Ducks, Hooded Mergansers, Red-breasted Mergansers, Canada Geese, Buffleheads, Wood Ducks, Gadwalls, Mallards, Northern Shovelers, Lesser Scaups, American Coots and American Kestrels., "I'm honing my skills with a 500mm lens borrowed from a friend," wrote volunteer Rob Blair. "I saw the moon this morning from the parking lot at Munroe Falls Metro Park and figured it would serve well as a subject for such a lens.", Is this goose taking off or practicing his scary face for an April Fools' Day prank? (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Are your kids home from school today? Visitors of all ages enjoy viewing wildlife at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm in Akron! We spotted the animals pictured here during a 10-minute walk at the park yesterday., Volunteer Jerry Cannon discovered this trio of ring-necked ducks near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail's Manchester Road trailhead. Here's more about their name from All About Birds: This bird’s name refers to its hard-to-see chestnut collar on its black neck. It’s not a good field mark to use for identifying the bird, but it jumped out to the 19th century biologists that described the species using specimens., Look closely! Volunteer Doug Dawes took this photo today in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. There's a barred owl in the center of the image, and a blue jay near the bottom., Adult male goldfinches in spring and early summer are bright yellow with a black forehead, black wings with white markings. We spotted this one at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm earlier today., Awesome photos!, This photo, taken Tuesday at Munroe Falls Metro Park, was titled "Family Portrait" by volunteer Rob Blair., After a visit yesterday to the Wilbeth Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed: "I was greeted by this osprey. I do believe two flew in and out of the nest carrying sticks. Looks like they are fixing up the place to raise a new family. Really exciting when they come back to the nest each year.", Male cardinal, photographed along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by volunteer Bob Roach, null, Metro Parks Photo Club member Keith Black shared these photos of a Pileated Woodpecker he observed near Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. Learn more about the photo club here: http://www.metroparksphotoclub.org, To attract Cedar Waxwings to your yard, plant native trees and shrubs that bear small fruits. This colorful flock was spotted just a few minutes ago enjoying the berry buffet along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron., Volunteer Rob Blair sent us this beautiful "spring" image taken yesterday at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Black-capped chickadee, photographed at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm by volunteer Bob Roach, Volunteer photographer Rob Blair spotted this great blue heron flying over Cascade Valley Metro Park / South on Saturday., Eastern bluebird, photographed yesterday by volunteer Doug Dawes in the Tallmadge Meadows Area, part of Munroe Falls Metro Park (1088 North Ave., Tallmadge), null, Spring break? The sled hill at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (2077 Newton St., Akron) is OPEN again today! All other hills are closed. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-WinterSports, null, null, null, null, null, Volunteer Joe Prekop took advantage of yesterday's snow to capture this beautiful image of Gorge Metro Park., null, Red-winged blackbird, turning up its "nose" at this weather (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach, from Firestone Metro Park), Visitors (and Facebook fans) Wayne and Colleen Bowers, who live near the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail, saw this piebald deer yesterday in their back yard. It's spotted, not albino - and right now it's probably blending in pretty well with Monday's snow., F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm is a special-use area that has been set aside for the study and enjoyment of nature. Today's snow highlighted the beauty of this unique park., March comes in like a lion, goes out like a...coyote? (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes at Munroe Falls Metro Park), null, null, null, One good thing about the snow -- it serves as a beautiful backdrop for our colorful native birds! (Photos by volunteer Rob Blair), Spring break? The sled hills at Firestone Metro Park, Goodyear Heights Metro Park and Munroe Falls Metro Park are OPEN today! http://bitly.com/MPSSC-WinterSports (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), "Cold and windy" is how volunteer Bob Roach described F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm yesterday when he took these photographs, and that's before last night's snow. We'll share some photos of a snowy Nature Realm later today., From volunteer photographer Bob Roach: "I don't think there is much interest in geese, but I have to show something for my time in the cold." (Photo taken Friday on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail), Tired of the cold? Watch wildlife from the viewing window at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). The visitors center is open noon to 5 p.m. Sunday, and 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday., Let's think about warmer weather. Where is your favorite place in the Metro Parks for a picnic? The group pictured is feasting in Sand Run Metro Park in 1930., Northern cardinal at Firestone Metro Park, from volunteer Bob Roach, Earth Hour: It's what happens when you visit the Metro Parks for 60 minutes., Heads or tails? (Chickadee photos by volunteer Jerry Cannon at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Last year at this time, the Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park (3100 Brush Rd., Richfield) was very colorful. It's slow-going this year, but when it nears peak-bloom, typically in early- to mid-April, we'll share updates here on Facebook., We love the colors on this mallard duck, recently photographed by volunteer Bob Roach at Firestone Metro Park., This morning we're hosting a volunteer event at Mingo Pavilion in Sand Run Metro Park in Akron. The structure is nearly 80 years old! Here it is being built in 1935. Would you like to see more historic images like this?, Volunteer Doug Dawes recently captured the sunset in the wet woods of the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park., null, Volunteer Doug Dawes recently saw this American black duck while walking on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron., One of the park district's hidden gems is the 2.8-mile Valley Link Trail that connects Cascade Valley Metro Park / North and Sand Run Metro Park. This moderate trail provides a closer look at some of Summit County's most pristine scenery. The bridge pictured here spans the Cuyahoga River after the trail descends into Merriman Valley., As it warms up and ice melts from ponds, lakes and rivers (seriously, the warm-up will happen), you’ll begin to see more ducks in the Metro Parks. Some will stay to nest here, while others are just passing through on their way to breeding grounds further north.

We have several ducks that stay in Ohio year-round as long as they have access to open water. One such resident is the hooded merganser, a small diving duck that prefers ponds and lakes. Females engage in “brood parasitism,” meaning they lay eggs in the nests of other females.

To learn more about this species (and other local waterfowl), attend one of the upcoming naturalist-led programs on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail or at Firestone Metro Park. – Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), "So, this is spring in Northeast Ohio," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed Thursday. "I felt bad for this great blue heron (at the Bath Road Heronry, near Hampton Hills Metro Park), as the temperature never got out of the 20s. Hang in there.", "I want more of this cold weather," said no one, ever. See, even the red-winged blackbirds have had it with Mother Nature. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach, taken yesterday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Icicles have returned to Gorge Metro Park (photo by Facebook fan Brian Wilson), "I think this might be a meeting of 'The Heron Club For Men,' " quipped volunteer Doug Dawes when he sent us this photo from the Bath Road Herony., "I noticed that the male red-winged blackbirds are getting a lot of exposure on Facebook," wrote volunteer photographer Jennie Levy. "The females are back in town too, so it's time they receive equal exposure!", null, null, null, null, Your Levy Dollars at Work: We have two new picnic shelters at Silver Creek Metro Park. One is inside the fence that separates the swim area from the rest of the park; the other is outside of the fence. They can be reserved now for use after June 1, 2013. Our open-air shelters are listed here, alphabetically by park: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Shelters, How could we not post an image of a red-winged blackbird on the first day of spring? Volunteer Bob Roach recently saw the harbinger of spring "chatting" with a northern cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, perhaps reassuring it that spring weather will eventually come., This was the scene this morning at the sled hill in Goodyear Heights Metro Park. Do you want to go sledding one more time, or are you good until December?, Volunteer Doug Dawes recently saw these hooded mergansers taking off from the Cuyahoga River in Gorge Metro Park., Guess the Spot! Do you know where this photo was taken?, "I snapped this shot before (Metro Parks volunteer) Rob Blair showed up tonight" at Munroe Falls Metro Park, visitor Brian Wilson emailed Tuesday evening. He described it as "blustery but beautiful." We thank Brian, and Rob (whose image we posted at 9 p.m. Tuesday), for shots of last night's sunset, the last of winter 2012-13., Volunteer Rob Blair captured this morning's sunrise (which we posted around noon), and now this, the last sunset of winter, from Munroe Falls Metro Park. Spring officially begins tomorrow. Let's hope spring-like weather follows., White-tailed Deer near the Bath Road Herony (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), You put your tail feathers in
You put your tail feathers out
You put your tail feathers in
And you shake them all about..., From volunteer Rob Blair this morning: "As I stood there (near the Brust Park Trailhead for the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), waiting in the cold winter wind for that little glimpse of sunlight, I realized just how ready I am for warmer weather. Farewell, winter ... come on, spring!", null, "Here is a photo from Sunday night at Munroe Falls Metro Park," wrote volunteer Kevin Lanterman. "It's the moon and Jupiter together. You will have to trust me on the Jupiter part.", Volunteer Jerry Cannon was recognized at today's meeting of the Board of Park Commissioners. He now has 8,000 HOURS OF VOLUNTEER SERVICE! In addition to applause, he received a small plaque with this photo, which he took at Liberty Park in December 2011. (The temporary waterfall was the result of melting snow.) We cannot thank Jerry enough for his time and talents., Here's a look at a few of the nature-related items available for purchase in the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). It's open Tuesday through Sunday. Call for hours and prices on anything you see here: 330-865-8065., The statewide Buckeye Trail circles from the Ohio River (near Cincinnati) to Lake Erie (near Mentor), west to Toledo and then back to the Ohio River. Here in Summit County, the trail passes through Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park, O'Neil Woods Metro Park, Sand Run Metro Park and Cuyahoga Valley National Park. Learn more at www.buckeyetrail.org., Female cardinals have a subtle elegance with their sharp crest and warm red accents. Volunteer Bob Roach photographed this beauty on Saturday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., "It would be nice to take some photos without having to bundle up," wrote volunteer Kevin Lanterman. "I took last night's sunset photo at Munroe Falls Metro Park as I heard the sounds of red-winged blackbirds in the background.", Awesome photo from last night's program!, Check out the wingspan (easily six feet or more) on this beautiful great blue heron, recently seen flying over the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail by volunteer Jim Childs., How's your training coming along? Run, jog or walk to celebrate Mom during the Mother's Day 5K at Munroe Falls Metro Park. You still have plenty of time to get ready. Click here for details: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-MD5K, Spring: It officially begins this week, but don't tell this red-winged blackbird. Volunteer Bob Roach saw it Thursday along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Even this harbinger of spring can't wait for the start of a new season., If the weather cooperates this week, we could host another salamander migration program in Sand Run Metro Park. Salamanders, like this spotted one (from volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), cross Sand Run Parkway when there's rain and temps near 50 degrees. Keep watching Facebook for program announcements., Volunteer Robert George saw (and heard) this red-winged blackbird singin' its heart out several days ago at Hampton Hills Metro Park. It's a sign that spring will be here soon., null, "Saw this pretty bird over the natural resources building (in Sand Run Metro Park) on Friday," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed last night. Can YOU identify this hawk?, In response to our post yesterday about skunk cabbage, volunteer Doug Dawes emailed these two images, taken Friday in Munroe Falls Metro Park. "A different perspective on the little stinkers," he wrote., Our new mobile app for iOS and Android will be available for FREE this spring. Here's a sneak peek of a few features., Swim season begins in exactly 10 weeks! The 13-acre lake at Munroe Falls Metro Park has been a swimming area since 1937. Here's a photo from the 1960s when it was owned and operated by the Renner family. Metro Parks purchased the property in 1978., Mallards can live in almost any wetland habitat, natural or artificial. We spotted this handsome male in Sand Run Metro Park. Is he smiling for the camera?, "I headed to Munroe Falls Metro Park last night in hopes of getting photos of comet Pan-STARRS, but clouds moved in at the last minute and obscured my view," wrote volunteer Kevin Lanterman. "Although it's no comet, I was still able to capture this neat photo of the moon.", Skunk cabbage can be found from late February until May near woodland streams, swamps or marshes. We photographed this example popping through the soil in Sand Run Metro Park a few days ago., From Naturalist Mike Greene: Male American woodcocks and their potential mates are returning from their winter vacation along the Gulf Coast. Local names for the woodcock (timberdoodle, bog sucker, brush snipe, mud bat) reflect its odd appearance and behaviors. One other name, Labrador twister, describes part of the male’s elaborate courtship display.

If you would like to try to witness this display and learn more about this harbinger of spring, attend one of the upcoming naturalist programs at Liberty Park, Silver Creek Metro Park, or Hampton Hills Metro Park. Click here for details: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Programs

(Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach), On Tuesday, volunteer Bob Roach photographed this red-winged blackbird at Firestone Metro Park. It's not the first RWB we've posted this week, but can't we all use a little reminder that spring is near?, This morning we posted our 100th photo on Instagram! Download the free Instagram app and follow us to enjoy even more great images from your Metro Parks: http://instagram.com/summitmetroparks, See a swan? Volunteer Jerry Cannon did when he shot these clouds recently over O'Neil Woods Metro Park. "OK, so maybe you have to use your imagination a little, but I think it looks like a swan with its head over its wing," he emailed. "Work with me here a little.", Volunteer Bob Roach photographed this cardinal Wednesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Hate to say it, but the bird looks like he's bracing himself for more snow. There's a chance for it Saturday, allegedly., Notice something different about this red-tailed hawk? It's leucistic, and the reduced pigment leaves it white. Volunteer Jerry Cannon captured this in-flight image of the bird last week near our Riding Run Conservation Area, which is bisected by Everett Road in the valley north of Akron., We've been catching, collaring and tracking coyotes for several years to learn more about the population. Right now, our biologists are in the field trying to track down coyote collars that dropped off (they have timers). Here's a photo from several minutes ago. Learn more about our project here: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Coyotes, A lone Great Blue Heron soars above the Bath Road Herony (Photo by volunteer Robert George), From volunteer Debbie DiCarlo: "I live across the street from a vernal pool, and every spring I help salamanders cross the road so my neighbors don't squish them accidentally." (The salamanders move to reach their breeding areas.)

She said when conditions are right (salamanders prefer rain and temps above 45 degrees), "I can be found monitoring the traffic on my street and keeping the salamanders out of harm's way."

Debbie photographed this Jefferson salamander Monday. Kudos to her for helping these little creatures., More proof of the changing season, and it's another red-winged blackbird. This one was spotted late last week by volunteer Doug Dawes., Hooray! Red-winged blackbirds are back, and we have visual proof from volunteer Bob Roach, captured Friday along a section of the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Spring can't be far behind., Perhaps inspired by our all-herons posts last weekend, volunteer Jerry Cannon went out and got some new shots of great blues, but not just at the Bath Road Heronry north of downtown Akron. This one is from the Wilbeth Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, south of downtown., Volunteer photographer Doug Dawes was among the many visitors who enjoyed the new Freedom Trail last weekend. This multipurpose trail currently travels 4.2 miles from the Middlebury Lot to Tallmadge Circle. Phase II construction will begin in 2013 and continue west into Akron., Happening this morning: Tree work along the Parcours Trail in Sand Run Metro Park. Just one more example of your levy dollars in action, improving your Metro Parks., Does this photo, taken on Saturday by volunteer Rob Blair, make you excited for spring?, Metro Parks volunteer photographer Jennie Levy took advantage of the weekend's great weather to explore Cascade Valley Metro Park / South. Here's an image she took of the Signal Tree, not far from the start of the Chuckery Trail. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-CVS, These daffodils are popping up in front of our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park. Soon, thousands of blooms will grace the Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park (3100 Brush Rd., Richfield). We'll post updates here, so stay tuned., We spotted these snowdrops this afternoon at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), near the entrance to the Rock & Herb Garden., "Talk about blending in," wrote volunteer Bob Roach about this eastern screech owl he photographed today at Firestone Metro Park. "I walked a few steps and something told me to go back for a second look.", Despite heavy rains, our first amphibian migration program of the season was a success! Volunteer Jerry Cannon was on hand last night to photograph a redback salamander, spotted salamander and wood frog. We'll host additional programs when conditions are just right: Salamanders prefer light rain and temperatures above 45 degrees., Volunteer John Reeves spotted this stunning northern cardinal at Firestone Metro Park on Saturday. Listen for their piercing chip notes to find where they are hiding during your next hike., The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) will open 90 minutes late today due to an all-staff meeting at another park. The building will welcome visitors at 11:30 a.m. and remain open until 5 p.m., Saturday's sunset at the Tallmadge Meadows Area (1088 North Ave., Tallmadge) in Munroe Falls Metro Park, from volunteer Doug Dawes, Volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed this photo over the weekend with the subject "Your Levy Dollars at Work." (The park district is funded by a small Summit County real-estate tax.) Pictured is the newly restored Civil War-era Harter Barn in Silver Creek Metro Park. It's used as park storage, and we're protecting the structure because of its history. We suspect it will be a popular photo backdrop for years to come., Naturalist Dave Brumfield will host our first amphibian migration program of the season tonight (3/11/13) at 8 p.m. in Sand Run Metro Park. Bring a flashlight and dress for the weather. Programs occur when conditions are just right: Salamanders prefer light rain and temperatures above 45 degrees., Mallards are strong fliers; the speed of migrating flocks has been estimated at close to 55 miles per hour. Volunteer Jim Childs photographed this male coming in for a splash landing on Saturday at Munroe Falls Metro Park., null, Did you see our Bike Patrol volunteers and Metro Leaf in Saturday's St. Patrick's Parade in downtown Akron?, All-Herons Weekend: We're sharing some of our favorite heron images from the last 12 months. In June, volunteer Rob Blair photographed this great blue at Goodyear Heights Metro Park. Learn more about the species from All About Birds: http://bit.ly/X5mW2V, All-Herons Weekend: "What a difference a week makes," volunteer Debbie DiCarlo emailed this morning. The image was taken at the Bath Road Heronry in Akron, in the valley between Akron-Peninsula and Riverview Roads. "The bird was completely backlit, so instead of fighting with the light I just shot it as a silhouette," she wrote., All-Herons Weekend: We're sharing some of our favorite heron images from the last 12 months. This one is from volunteer Jim Childs, who saw this great blue over the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail last summer. Check out that form! That (6-foot) wingspan!, All-Herons Weekend: We're sharing some of our favorite heron images from the last 12 months. Volunteer Bob Roach snapped this one last March at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. In the visitors center, you can see a heron nest up close during regular hours: Sunday, noon to 5 p.m., and Tuesday through Saturday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Are you enjoying the All-Herons Weekend? We're sharing more photos plus events, video and more on Twitter. https://twitter.com/metro_parks (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach at Goodyear Heights Metro Park), All-Herons Weekend: We're sharing some of our favorite heron images from the last 12 months. Last July, volunteer Jim Childs saw this great blue in flight at Firestone Metro Park, where the big birds are regular visitors., All-Herons Weekend: We're sharing some of our favorite heron images from the last 12 months. Volunteer Jerry Cannon took this photo in early 2012. Want to see a nest up close? Go to the visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, where we have one on display. (Regular hours are Sunday, noon to 5 p.m., and Tuesday through Saturday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.), All-Herons Weekend: We're sharing some of our favorite heron images from the last 12 months. Just days ago, volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this great blue at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. A great spot to see them now is the Bath Road Heronry in Akron, in the valley between Akron-Peninsula and Riverview roads., All-Herons Weekend: We're sharing some of our favorite heron images from the last 12 months. Last July, volunteer Jim Childs spotted this great blue heron dining near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. On your next visit, look for one in the old canal or the Cuyahoga River., All-Herons Weekend: We're sharing some of our favorite heron images from the last 12 months. Last April, volunteer Robert George saw this great blue near Hampton Hills Metro Park. Learn more about the species from All About Birds: http://bit.ly/X5mW2V, All-Herons Weekend: We're sharing some of our favorite heron images from the last 12 months. Early last year, volunteer Jerry Cannon took this photo near Hampton Hills Metro Park. The popular Bath Road Heronry in Akron, in the valley between Akron-Peninsula and Riverview roads, is just around the corner., All-Herons Weekend: We're sharing some of our favorite heron images from the last 12 months. Last summer, volunteer Bob Roach spotted this beauty at Firestone Metro Park in Akron., Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this great blue heron days ago at the Bath Road Heronry in Akron, in the valley between Akron-Peninsula and Riverview roads. The giant birds returned several weeks ago ... And so begins our all-herons Facebook weekend!, Daffodils are beginning to peek through the snow and leaves along Furnace Run Metro Park's 0.6-mile Daffodil Trail. An estimated 40,000 daffodils – including dozens of varieties – bloom each spring, with peak bloom typically arriving in mid-April. (Photos by volunteers Debbie and Alan Casanova), Our 2012 Annual Report is available now on our website. See examples of your tax dollars at work. http://bit.ly/ULqijd, Have you visited the 1.1-mile Ledges Trail at Liberty Park in Twinsburg? This unique area features a system of sandstone ledges, Glacier Cave and a wetland., This Pileated Woodpecker put on a good show for volunteer Doug Dawes yesterday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. If you have dead or dying trees on your property, consider leaving them alone as they may attract Pileated Woodpeckers., Here's another look at last night's sunset, shot from Munroe Falls Metro Park by volunteer Kevin Lanterman. (We posted the first one less than 24 hours ago.) Which is your favorite?, In addition to performing at several summer concerts, our all-volunteer Metro Parks Ensemble also visits nursing centers throughout Summit County. Here's a photo of their performance at Heather Knoll Retirement Village on Tuesday evening., Postcard from Gorge Metro Park, 1907, Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this leucistic red-tailed hawk a few days ago in a Metro Parks conservation area in northern Summit County. Leucism is a genetic mutation that prevents melanin from being deposited normally on feathers., Last night we hosted a social and thank-you event for our volunteer photographers, at Shady Hollow Pavilion in Sand Run Metro Park. Afterward, volunteer Robert George took this photo of the clear sky and starry night., "The sun made a quick showing at the end of the day today. All of about 10 minutes before it was gone," volunteer Kevin Lanterman emailed after a visit to Munroe Falls Metro Park. "Enough time to grab some shots," including this one., We created a page for the new multipurpose Freedom Trail! Be one of the first to like it (the page, that is)., "I know she's a common bird, but I think she's beautiful," wrote volunteer photographer Bob Roach about this lovely female mallard at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. We agree Bob!, Would you like to see your Metro Parks through the eyes and cameras of folks like you? Here's a collection of 100+ photos posted by park visitors on Instagram!, Here's another look at the Cooper's hawk photographed by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm last week. Look for this species in wooded habitats including deep forests, leafy neighborhoods and even backyards., null, We took these photos this afternoon at Firestone Metro Park. Soon, Little Turtle Pond will host youth fishing events. But not soon enough., Visitor Brian Wilson sent this spring-like image from Liberty Park's Twinsburg Ledges Area. The rocks along the Ledges Trail are covered by what we call a "living skin.", The sled hill in Sand Run Metro Park's North Hawkins Area has been a destination for generations of thrill seekers, including this adventurous group in 1974., null, Chickadees are one of the easiest birds to attract to feeders. Try suet, sunflower seeds or peanuts in a hanging feeder. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm), Volunteer Jerry Cannon stopped by the Bath Road Heronry yesterday to check on our giant feathered friends. He reports that they are busy remodeling their nests. Finished nests can be as large as 4 feet across and nearly 3.5 feet deep. A nest is currently on display at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron)., Volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova were recently stared down by this rusty blackbird at Firestone Metro Park. "I'm watching you!" the bird seemed to be saying, according to Debbie., We hope you enjoyed our "Drab to Fab" series over the weekend. Here's another beautiful image from volunteer Rob Blair to remind us that spring is just around the corner!, Beautiful blue skies and sunshine today at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm in Akron! The 104-acre Nature Realm includes a visitors center (closed Mondays), a 110-foot-long suspension bridge, several gardens, observation decks, two ponds, hiking trails and a tall-grass prairie., Here's the story behind this cool photo from volunteer Debbie DiCarlo: "I hiked at Gorge Metro Park on Saturday and enjoyed this unexpected surprise -- a sleeping Red Fox! I didn't spot it on my own. There were two men there who had binoculars and pointed it out to me. They had been watching two foxes run around. They lost track of the other one, but this one laid down in the snow for a nap!", "Drab to Fab Weekend": Volunteer Rob Blair captured these stunning images last year at Liberty Park. Does this collage make you long for summer or want to seek relief from seasonal allergies?, "Drab to Fab Weekend": The Rock & Herb Garden at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm offers a short, colorful, inspiring walk - and it's great for strollers and wheelchairs, too. Volunteer Bob Roach took these photos there last year., "Drab to Fab Weekend": The Rock & Herb Garden at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm offers a short, colorful, inspiring walk - and it's great for strollers and wheelchairs, too. Volunteer Bob Roach took these photos there last year., "Drab to Fab Weekend": Volunteer Robert George offers a look at green scenes in Liberty Park. He took these images last summer., "Drab to Fab Weekend": Swimming? We're getting ready for it. Passes go on sale April 1! Perhaps these images from volunteer Kevin Lanterman, from Munroe Falls Metro Park last year, will have you looking for your swimsuit., "Drab to Fab Weekend": Ruby-throated hummingbirds spend several months in Sand Run Metro Park, typically arriving in May. We took these photos last August as the birds sipped from the feeders hanging outside our administrative offices., "Drab to Fab Weekend": Magnolia blooms are just a few weeks away. These were photographed last year, in March, by volunteer Kevin Lanterman at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., "Drab to Fab Weekend": Volunteer Robert George took these images at Hampton Hills Metro Park last summer. The park is great in all seasons, but we bet this summer collage makes it really enticing., "Drab to Fab Weekend": Here's a look at the Daffodil Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park. Believe it or not, we could see scenes like this, in person, in just a few weeks. Peak-bloom is typically in mid-April., Ready for blue skies, pretty flowers, green leaves and warmer weather? Our "Drab to Fab" Facebook weekend is for you, and we begin with a collage of summer images from Springfield Bog Metro Park., Volunteer Bob Roach sent this photo today. It was taken near the Manchester Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail. Got a caption for the "laughing" Canada goose?, Here's a preview of what's coming to Facebook tonight through Sunday: We're calling it a "Drab to Fab Weekend"; an excuse to share colorful photos and look ahead to warmer weather. Volunteer Joe Prekop photographed these trillium in Gorge Metro Park in April a few years ago., Like the Twinsburg Ledges Area in Liberty Park? Download our March '13 desktop, and enjoy it on your PC, Mac and more. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Downloads (Photo from volunteer Robert Vaughn), Male red-winged blackbirds have started arriving to set up their breeding territories, and this is a true sign that spring is on the way. You can hear them calling from atop trees to ward off other male blackbirds. The song is described as a liquid, gurgling "konk-la-ree." Females will arrive later this spring. – Naturalist Renell Simrau (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Male red-winged blackbirds have started arriving to set up their breeding territories, and this is a true sign that spring is on the way. You can hear them calling from atop trees to ward off other male blackbirds. The song is described as a liquid, gurgling "konk-la-ree." Females will arrive later this spring. – Naturalist Renell Simrau (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Have you heard the news? Our FREE Metro Parks mobile app for iOS and Android will be available this spring. Here is a sneak peek of a few features!, Cedar Waxwings pluck berries one by one and swallow the entire thing at once. Volunteer Bob Roach spotted this pair enjoying the buffet at Firestone Metro Park., Run, jog or walk to celebrate Mom on her special day! This fundraiser and "friendraiser" for the Metro Parks Foundation is Sunday, May 12, 2013, at the Lake Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park. Start time is 8 a.m. The stroller-friendly course travels twice around the scenic lake. Awards will be given to the top finishers in several categories.

FEES
- $20/advance for adults; $30/day-of (cash or check only)
- FREE for kids 14 and under (but they must register), Grackles might look black from a distance, but up close their glossy-iridescent bodies are purple, blue and green. (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Did you enjoy our all-cardinals Facebook weekend? You're not the only one. Naturalist Pat Rydquist forwarded this image after finding an owl pellet (the coughed up contents of what they don't digest) during a recent program at Firestone Metro Park in Akron. When she opened it up, she found the cardinal beak inside., The Ohio & Erie Canal, which opened between Cleveland and Akron in 1827, can be directly credited with the growth of Akron. The concept of restoring the canal's towpath for use as a multipurpose trail began to emerge in the 1980s, and the first section of the Towpath Trail opened in 1993. The Beech Street Trailhead (pictured here) is located in downtown Akron., WOW! Volunteer Bob Roach spotted this juvenile Cooper's hawk at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm this morning., "I walked Furnace Run Metro Park during lunch on Monday and captured this photo that proves there was sunshine," wrote volunteer Debbie DiCarlo. "We might not see it again for a few days.", The redesign of our Programs & Events Guide was recognized by the Ohio Parks and Recreation Association as the second-best print project of 2012. The award was presented tonight in Columbus during the group's annual conference. Summit County residents can receive the publication for free. Sign up here: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Contact, Mary Campbell Cave in Gorge Metro Park used to be called Old Maid's Kitchen. In the summer, tourists to the area had lunch lowered to them from the cliff above - for a fee, of course., The Bath Road Herony sits on land leased by Metro Parks, Serving Summit County from the City of Akron. Hundreds of great blue herons return to this nesting area each spring. A viewing spot is located on Bath Road between Akron-Peninsula Road and Riverview Road., Interesting information from Cornell Lab of Ornithology: All European Starlings in North America descended from 100 birds set loose in New York's Central Park in the early 1890s. The birds were intentionally released by a group who wanted America to have all the birds that Shakespeare ever mentioned. (Photos by volunteer Doug Dawes), Federal spending cuts scheduled to begin Friday will not affect your Metro Parks. We are funded by a small Summit County real-estate tax. An overview of the park district's mission, governance and more is available on our website., Volunteer Rob Blair captured this unique image of an Eastern Bluebird in flight at Munroe Falls Metro Park. They fly fairly low to the ground, and with fast but irregular wingbeats., Northern Shoveler pairs are monogamous, and remain together longer than other duck species. Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted this cute couple last week near the Towpath Trail's Manchester Road trailhead., Girl Scouts have planted thousands of trees in the park district over the years, including this project at Goodyear Heights Metro Park in 1933., It is hard to believe, but swim season at Munroe Falls Metro Park and Silver Creek Metro Park is only three months away! The crew at Munroe Falls is lowering the water level to prep the lake bed for swimmers. (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), "As you can see, I had a great day at Firestone Metro Park," wrote volunteer Bob Roach when he sent us this beautiful Cedar Waxwing photo., Cardinal Weekend: "The pair looks like they are mad at each other," emailed volunteer photographer Bob Roach after spotting these two Thursday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. If he's right, somewhere there's a lonely, little red bird sleeping on the couch., Cardinal Weekend: A collage of images recently posted on our timeline by visitor Jay Kelley., Cardinal Weekend: One of these things is not like the other. OK, two. But we bet you didn't spot the tufted titmouse at first. (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Cardinal Weekend: In between feeding chickadees by hand Thursday, volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova placed a few seeds on a bridge at Firestone Metro Park to attract this cardinal. The photo is a good opportunity to remind visitors not to discard seeds on the ground. It can mold (which isn't good for birds) and attract other (some might say "less desirable") wildlife., Cardinal Weekend: Volunteer Bob Roach said this female cardinal, spotted Thursday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, looked cold. She's not alone. Who's ready for spring?, Cardinal Weekend: Forgive the re-post. This image from volunteer Joe Prekop, from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in December, was posted several weeks ago. We think it's worth sharing again., Cardinal Weekend: Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo captured great detail in this photo from F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, taken last Saturday., Cardinal Weekend: Volunteer Bob Roach photographed this male cardinal at Firestone Metro Park earlier this month., Cardinal Weekend: Volunteer Rob Vaughn photographed this cardinal, with a very stylish faux-hawk, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm around this time last year. We liked it so much we had to share it again., Our all-cardinals weekend begins with this colorful bird, photographed Saturday by volunteer Doug Dawes at Firestone Metro Park., Our naturalist department reported the following sightings earlier this week near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail's Manchester Road Trailhead in Akron: 16 American coots, a male and female northern shoveler, a muscovy duck, two mute swans and several mallards. Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this mute swan last weekend near the Wilbeth Road Trailhead., Had your fill of ice today? Well, here's a recent (and mini) ice formation from volunteer Joe Prekop. He spotted it recently in Gorge Metro Park., Here's a sign of things to come ... An all-cardinals Facebook weekend begins tonight! (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes), Volunteer Bob Roach recently photographed this chickadee at Firestone Metro Park. Join us there Sunday for a winter bird hike with a naturalist. (Note: The program is not at Sand Run, as listed in yesterday's daily paper.) Details here: http://on.fb.me/X1aajy, "Rusty blackbirds can be found at Firestone Metro Park along the Willow Trail in winter," writes Naturalist Pat Rydquist. "What makes this so special is the fact that rusty blackbirds are one of the most rapidly declining species. Rusties have big yellow eyes and get their name from the beautiful coloration of their feathers, as seen on this female." (Photo taken 2/16 by volunteer Doug Dawes), Here's the other image of Munroe Falls Metro Park that we promised from volunteer Kevin Lanterman ..., Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes photographed rusty blackbirds February 16. Tomorrow morning, we'll post where he spotted them and tell you why the sightings are special., Volunteer Kevin Lanterman provides this second look (we posted one 2/18) at Munroe Falls Metro Park on Sunday, with fresh snow on the ground. Another incredible photo from his visit is coming in a few hours ..., This white-breasted nuthatch was recently spotted by volunteer Doug Dawes at Firestone Metro Park. The image is begging for a caption. Whaddya got?, "Red is in," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed. "Saw these two admiring each others' outfits on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail on Wednesday.", Scenes from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, from volunteer photographer Robert George, Volunteer Rob Blair photographed this snowflake yesterday. Are you sick of winter yet? Maybe images like this help to make it a little more tolerable., Volunteer Doug Dawes captured this stunning male cardinal at Firestone Metro Park over the weekend., Park visitor Bob Burns photographed a cute horned lark during Saturday's "Winter Bird Hike" at Springfield Bog Metro Park. Look for this small songbird in open areas with bare ground and short grasses., Here's a little relief on a cold, cold February day. Volunteer Bob Roach spotted this red-winged blackbird (a true sign of spring!) Saturday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. It is a little difficult to I.D. in this photo, but Naturalist Pat Rydquist said, "The dark eye is the key.", A few recent sightings from volunteer photographer Robert George, As promised earlier, here's the Sunday sunset from volunteer Rob Blair, photographed from the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park., From volunteer Rob Blair: A cold Sunday afternoon at the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park (pictured) gave way to a pretty sunset. Watch for the sunset photo later tonight ..., A collage of recent photos (clockwise from left: pileated woodpecker, northern cardinal, tufted titmouse) posted on our timeline by visitor Charles Hawker, Birds (and a squirrel) at the F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm wildlife viewing area: Click the link to watch the video we shot yesterday. http://youtu.be/iZVLSKXx0IU, null, This beautiful cedar waxwing, photographed by volunteer Bob Roach at Firestone Metro Park, looks like it's dancing in the rain., Like the photo, taken this morning at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm? Click the link to watch video of this pileated woodpecker! http://youtu.be/HW8guJZHj80, Looking very patriotic (remember, it's Presidents Day), this bald eagle was photographed by Metro Parks volunteer Debbie DiCarlo during a recent program by the Medina Raptor Center., Volunteer photographer Kevin Lanterman visited Munroe Falls Metro Park early Sunday morning right after it snowed. He emailed: "The blue sky and fresh fallen snow made for a scenic hike.", Volunteer Rob Blair emailed this photo this morning, writing, "The frost right along the riverbank at Brust Park was quite beautiful." The Brust lot doubles as a trailhead for the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail., Volunteer Joe Prekop snapped this shot on a recent hike at Gorge Metro Park. It looks like a beautiful, natural sculpture., The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is normally closed Mondays, but it's open today for Presidents Day, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., This male mallard was spotted last weekend swimming near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron. The colors and detail are incredible!, After this photo was taken at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm last week, "the robin saw its shadow, so it must mean spring is right around the corner," volunteer Debbie DiCarlo joked. Contrary to popular belief, robins are here year-round. They're not true harbingers of spring like red-winged blackbirds., Tufted titmouse, from volunteer Joe Prekop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, Here's a neat shot (and kind of an interesting angle) of a black-capped chickadee, from volunteer John Reeves at Firestone Metro Park., We're often asked why this woodpecker is named red-bellied, not red-headed. Well, in this photo from volunteer Bob Roach, taken Wednesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, you see a hint of color on the underside., We recently saw this American coot near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron. Have you seen one before? All About Birds says the coot is a "good reminder that not everything that floats is a duck .... they’re closer relatives of the gangly sandhill crane and the nearly invisible rails than of mallards or teal.", "There was a group of redhead ducks at Manchester Road when I was there," volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed last night after a walk on the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron. "I think about five, but they wouldn't let me get too close." Still, a great photo!, Volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this female cardinal from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail several weeks ago., Volunteer Doug Dawes spotted this male cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm last week., When we last had snow on the ground, volunteer Doug Dawes photographed these tracks at Munroe Falls Metro Park. Do you know who left them?, This "pink" mourning dove, spotted by volunteer John Reeves at Firestone Metro Park, is: A) Embarrassed. B) In the early morning or late-day sun. C) Doing its best flamingo impression., "I kind of like the nuthatch because of the steep climb," volunteer Bob Roach wrote when he sent this photo, taken Wednesday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. "I wish I could do that.", This great image of a great horned owl was taken by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo, who snapped it during a recent program put on by the Medina Raptor Center. In the wild, these owls are nesting now., Say what you will about the Canada goose, but there's no denying the in-flight beauty captured Tuesday by volunteer Bob Roach. "I rate the geese in flight as one of my best, ever." With hundreds, if not thousands, of photos submitted by Bob over the years, that's really saying something., Look! It's the start of another all-birds weekend on Facebook, and we kick things off with this beautiful northern cardinal from volunteer Bob Roach, taken at Firestone Metro Park., null, Another all-birds Facebook weekend begins tonight around 6 o'clock. These herons can barely contain their excitement. Can you? (Photo taken Wednesday by volunteer Jerry Cannon), "I know I'm likely overloading you with pics of the lake" at Munroe Falls Metro Park, volunteer Rob Blair emailed this morning, "but I thought this one was pretty unique." We're certainly not tired of these shots. Are you?, Naturalist Danette Rushboldt reports skunk cabbage is blooming at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. "Even though it is one of spring's first flowers, it looks more like something from outer space," she said. "Its green and red speckled spathe emerges from the ground first, and as it grows the knob-shaped spadix, covered with tiny yellow flowers, forms inside. The skunk cabbage’s rather unpleasant odor is necessary to attract its main pollinator, mayflies. Since skunk cabbage creates its own heat through the process of thermogenesis, it is able to bloom right through the snow and ice." (Photo by Metro Parks biologist Rob Curtis), If you missed our first post this morning: The great blue herons have returned to the Bath Road Heronry near Hampton Hills Metro Park. Volunteer Jerry Cannon sent this photo Wednesday and wrote: "All they have to do is bring a stick home for Valentine's Day. Don't try this at (your) home." Good advice, Jerry., Here's something to LOVE on Valentine's Day: last night's sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park, from volunteer Rob Blair., Facebook fan Brian Wilson captured this excellent 360-degree panorama from inside Glacier Cave at Liberty Park., Last night's colorful sunset as seen from Springfield Bog Metro Park's manmade wetland and 165-acre prairie., This beautiful doe was spotted yesterday afternoon near the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail's Big Bend Trailhead (1337 Merriman Rd., Akron)., Volunteer photographer Joe Prekop snapped this photo last February in Cascade Valley Metro Park. He said it looked like an outdoor valentine., "They're baaack," volunteer Doug Dawes emailed Wednesday with this photo of activity at the Bath Road Heronry, between Akron-Peninsula and Riverview Roads in Akron, just around the corner from Hampton Hills Metro Park. Most eggs are laid next month, and by mid-April the first young will be hatched., Love is in the air! Great horned owls mate from late January to early February. When nesting, these birds will take over another large bird's existing nest from the previous year. These nests can be found on cliffs, in trees, and even on the ground, holding one to five round eggs. The young will then hatch from late February through April. - Naturalist Sarah Putnam (Photo from February 2012 by volunteer Doug Dawes, taken along the Metro Parks Bike & Hike Trail), Rejoice! Spring is near, as witnessed by volunteer Bob Roach and his photo of snowdrops in bloom at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova recently spotted these Canada geese landing (and sliding) on Summit Lake, next to the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in Akron., Hiking at Tallmadge Meadows in Munroe Falls Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Did you hear? We reached 10,000 likes over the weekend!, "If you look closely, you can see this moth drinking from the moss," wrote volunteer Jerry Cannon about these stunning photos from the Ledges Trail at Liberty Park., William O'Neil, founder of General Tire and Rubber Company, and his wife Grace donated their 242-acre family farm to Metro Parks in 1972. The O'Neil family had cattle and horses, and their old barn still stands today in O'Neil Woods Metro Park., Take a "virtual" hike to the Crystal Palace in Gorge Metro Park!, We have some exciting news. Our FREE Metro Parks mobile app for iOS and Android will be available this spring. Here is a sneak peek of a few features!, Feeding a chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach), Here's a second shot today of the lake at Munroe Falls Metro Park, taken this morning by volunteer Rob Blair., This morning, shortly after sunrise, volunteer Rob Blair stopped by Munroe Falls Metro Park. Here's one lake photo from his shoot. We'll post another one later today., Look closely. Flying in front of last night's pretty sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area is a red-tailed hawk. (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), Will there be icicles for today's Crystal Palace Hike? Regardless, you can join Naturalist Mike Greene at 1 o'clock for an informative hike starting at Gorge Metro Park, 1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), In flight, Great Blue Herons have very slow wingbeats, a tucked-in neck and trailing legs. This one was spotted yesterday near the Towpath Trail's Manchester Road trailhead., We did it! We reached 10,000 likes this weekend!, "I can hardly keep my eyes open," said this sleepy Firestone Metro Park squirrel. - Volunteer Jerry Cannon, Despite their impressive size, Great Blue Herons weigh only 5 to 6 pounds. The ice along the Towpath Trail was still thick enough today to support this beautiful bird., Here's a second shot from volunteer Joe Prekop of the red-tailed hawk he saw last Sunday. Re-visit our timeline to see the previous image (posted Tuesday) of the bird standing over its dinner., Here's a warm thought: Volunteer Doug Dawes sent us this photo of a female cardinal at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm on Wednesday. "Note the buds on the trees," he wrote., I'm up. Whooo else is? (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Debbie DiCarlo), Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this red-tailed hawk on a very cold, snowy day last weekend in Munroe Falls Metro Park., Despite getting flu shots, we all caught a virus. Well, it's our computers and servers that are down. We currently can't take reservations for pavilions and shelters (like Shady Hollow in Sand Run Metro Park, pictured)., "The signs were there for a possible awesome sunset tonight," volunteer Kevin Lanterman emailed. "Didn't quite turn out how I was hoping, but still managed to get a few good shots," including this one from Munroe Falls Metro Park. Yeah, if good means incredible, then it's good., We created a Facebook page today for our 34-mile Bike & Hike Trail! View and like it here: http://ow.ly/hvpcl, "The fashion trend for this spring is bright colors," wrote volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon. "These three birds from Firestone Metro Park are ready!", Ice on the Cuyahoga River, from Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes, A hint of sunshine over Tallmadge Meadows in Munroe Falls Metro Park, shot Sunday by volunteer Rob Blair, Well, he's done it once again. Volunteer Bob Roach recently captured this great cardinal photo in a Metro Park., Visitor Sally Woznicki hiked the trails at Hampton Hills Metro Park earlier today. Here are two images from her morning trek., Volunteer photographer Joe Prekop spotted this gorgeous Golden-crowned Kinglet on Sunday. Look for this tiny, active bird in coniferous woods., Angry bird? (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Cool 360-degree view of the Ohio Edison Dam in Gorge Metro Park!, There are few words to describe the awesomeness of this red-tailed hawk photo, taken Sunday by volunteer Joe Prekop, so we'll let it just speak for itself., The Ohio Edison dam in Gorge Metro Park, as seen today by volunteer Joe Prekop, Visitor Jennie Levy took this photo Sunday from the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley (354 Sackett Ave., Akron). The view is great in every season, and it's just a half-mile trail., "I got this shot on my walk to the Overlook (354 Sackett Ave., Akron)," volunteer Rob Blair emailed yesterday afternoon. "I didn't have my tripod, so I had to freehand this one! Turned out to be one of my favorite snowflake shots so far.", "I saw this out the window at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm last week," Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed yesterday. "I don't think I've ever seen as many cardinals at one time before.", The paved trails through the Rock & Herb Garden at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm are kept clear of snow in winter (during daytime hours), so take advantage of it! Just remember: No dogs, please. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FASN (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Rob Blair captured the sun peeking through the clouds yesterday at the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park., Facebook fan Randy Sloan shared this photo with us from Firestone Metro Park. We'll call it "Jealous Chickadee.", null, Seems like a good time to mention that many of our winter sports areas are lighted! #superbowl47 #lightsout, Volunteer Bob Roach, who we called the Cardinal Whisperer earlier this week, shared this great image of a female northern cardinal. Beautiful color and detail!, White-throated sparrow and fox sparrow, beneath the feeders at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes), Excuse the "wingless" post (It's an all-birds weekend for us on Facebook), but we have a winter sports update: All sled hills are OPEN! http://bitly.com/MPSSC-WinterSports (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), White-throated sparrow in Firestone Metro Park (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), No photos of ravens today; not in Northeast Ohio. Instead, our all-birds weekend continues with this cute chickadee from Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop., Who knew the female cardinal was part chameleon? This one, photographed in Firestone Metro Park by volunteer John Reeves, really blends in., Black-capped chickadee, seen from the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon, Tufted titmouse, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm in mid-January (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes spotted common redpolls at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm last weekend. Here's one at the Nature Realm feeders. They're visiting now, from the arctic, because it's so warm here., We kick off an all-birds weekend on Facebook with this stunning cardinal photo from new volunteer John Reeves, taken in Firestone Metro Park in Akron., Will the groundhog see its shadow tomorrow? Do you want winter to continue? (Do you believe in rodent forecasters?), If you thought your morning commute was rough, imagine traveling these snowy roads. This is Sand Run Parkway in Sand Run Metro Park in 1931!, In February 1963, crews planted trees at Goodyear Heights Metro Park in Akron. Next time you're there, perhaps for sledding at the hill off Newton Street, stop to appreciate the big trees that provide shade in spring and summer, and stunning color each fall., Like this red-tailed hawk, photographed by Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes? Download our February '13 desktop, and enjoy it on your PC, Mac and more. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Downloads, It’s February 1! A common fragrance filling the air this month is the smell of skunk, as February is the beginning of mating season. Males are easily excited and will often spray larger animals they cross paths with. Mating occurs through March and litters of two to 10 young are born about two months later. The young are completely reliant on Mom; they will have fur by the second week, eyes open by the third week and will be weaned by six weeks. Juvenile males will leave Mom in July or August, but females will remain with her until the following spring. - Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse (Photo by volunteer Bob Dodd), This postcard, from 1921, features the dam in Gorge Metro Park. Cool, right? See the other side of the postcard here: http://on.fb.me/Xp8RYU, Boy, was it warm earlier this week. (Today, not so much.) Can you guess where volunteer Jerry Cannon saw this box turtle Wednesday?, Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted this odd duck near the Manchester Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail last week and asked, "What is it?" Several Metro Parks employees said it's a muscovy duck, a species that is native to Mexico but domesticated in the U.S. So either this duck is vacationing in Akron, or somebody lost a pet., This sign was posted in Sand Run Metro Park in 1930. Its message to visitors: Don't pick ferns or flowers, and support your Metro Parks., One, two, three ... We lost count. Let's just say volunteer John Reeves photographed a lot of mallards at Firestone Metro Park last weekend., Here's a splash of color on an otherwise gray day: It's a bright red, puffed up male cardinal, seen recently along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail by Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach., With January almost history, we took a look in our archives and found this historic winter image of the quarry steps at Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park, circa 1940. That's a few years after stone was last cut here, but more than two decades before the park opened to the public., On Twitter? You'll see and read stuff there that you won't here. Follow @metro_parks for news and more., Great detail and color! Volunteer Bob Roach spotted this female cardinal yesterday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., New volunteer photographer John Reeves caught this mallard doing his best swan impression Sunday at Firestone Metro Park., Volunteer Doug Dawes captured this pretty, snowy scene Sunday at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. What a difference just two days made. The snow is all gone., Perhaps with a little coaxing, volunteer Bob Roach got these cardinals to line up for this recent photograph in a Metro Park. Lately, Bob has proven to be the Cardinal Whisperer, sharing some great images., This white-throated sparrow, seen at Firestone Metro Park over the weekend by volunteer Bob Roach, appears to be walking a tightrope., New volunteer photographer John Reeves took this great action shot Sunday in Firestone Metro Park. Both Firestone and F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm are good places to feed chickadees by hand., Is it just us, or does it look like this cardinal in Firestone Metro Park is using part of the branch as a kickstand? (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), null, Volunteer photographer Doug Dawes captured this common redpoll at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm yesterday. All About Birds describes the species as "small finches of the arctic tundra," but you can spot them here in winter., This macro look at snowflakes on a leaf is from volunteer Rob Blair. Are you looking forward to a few days of warmer temps and melting snow?, Volunteer Rob Blair sent us this incredible macro shot of snowflakes Friday. Enjoy the snow now; it'll likely melt in a few days., Black-capped chickadee at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, from Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop, Winter Sports Update: Skating at Big Bend in Sand Run is open. All sled hills are reported open, too, except the one at Goodyear Heights. (The park has had phone/computer problems this week.) If and when anything changes, we'll update our info line: 330-865-8060. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Now you know why we call Gorge Metro Park the "Crystal Palace" in winter., Tufted titmouse along the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail, from Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon, This beautiful northern cardinal was photographed at Firestone Metro Park by volunteer Bob Roach., White-tailed deer at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, from Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop, Volunteer Jerry Cannon sent us this photo yesterday. "It made me cold just to watch this hooded merganser swim out at Manchester Road," he wrote after his visit to the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Metro Parks volunteer Rob Blair captured this sunrise Thursday near the SR 91 / Brust Park Trailhead for our Bike & Hike Trail, in Munroe Falls., Each of our parks has a Facebook page. "Like" Liberty Park!, null, We recently posted a photo showing evidence of moles at Furnace Run Metro Park in Richfield. That inspired Naturalist Mike Greene to share why he “digs” moles.

“The occasional damage to lawns caused by mole activity is offset by their consumption of pesky invertebrates, which could cause far greater damage to lawns and gardens. Moles eat worms, slugs, snails and insects such as beetle grubs and ants. The size of a chipmunk, one mole can consume food equal to its body weight daily, the equivalent of up to 50 pounds of insects and worms each year!

“Moles also aerate the soil through their digging activities. They can dig tunnels near the surface at a rate of 18 feet per hour. They are supremely adapted to life under ground. Their large spade-shaped front feet, powered by specialized bone and muscle structures, can exert a digging force of up to 32 times their body weight as they 'breast stroke' their way through the soil. Webbed toes, and claws almost as long as the fleshy part of the foot, help with the digging process. Narrow hips allow the mole to turn around in a tunnel by somersaulting or doubling back on itself. There are many other adaptations relative to their skull, fur, eyes, ears, and tail that help ensure mole subterranean survival. Finally, moles have twice the amount of blood and oxygen-carrying hemoglobin as other same-size mammals, allowing them to thrive in the lower oxygen levels of their underground homes.

“Got moles? Can you dig ‘em? Or do you ‘make a mountain out of a molehill?’ ” – Naturalist Mike Greene (Photo credit: http://www.animalstown.com), "A fox sparrow is hanging out on the ground below our feeders at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. I took this photo this morning. It is a beautiful bird." - Naturalist Dave Brumfield, The first of two upcoming Crystal Palace hikes is next Saturday (2/2) at Gorge Metro Park. Volunteer Joe Prekop offers this preview, photographed yesterday. Details about the first guided hike are here: http://bit.ly/VbFS9F, The moon over Sand Run Metro Park at about 6 o'clock tonight, This was the scene this morning as Metro Parks volunteer Rob Blair walked the Bike & Hike Trail in Munroe Falls., White-breasted nuthatch, hangin' around, upside down, at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm in Akron (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop), Each of our parks has a Facebook page. "Like" Cascade Valley Metro Park / North!, Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon saw these American coots last Friday near the Wilbeth Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail., Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop took this great cardinal photo at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm., Visitor Brian Wilson sent us this photo of Monday's sunset at the Lake Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park., Black-capped chickadee, from volunteer Bob Roach at Firestone Metro Park, Each of our parks has a Facebook page. "Like" Cascade Valley Metro Park / South!, This young visitor – who appeared with her mom and siblings in our Spree For All ads last year – recently completed this chipmunk diorama for a class project. Reese gave classmates some of our Cheeks the chipmunk stickers and encouraged friends to complete our spring and fall hiking sprees. Mom emailed: “Thank you to each and every person, staff and volunteer, that has created such wonderful memories in my children's young lives ... and mine.”, The sun peeking through the trees in Sand Run Metro Park this morning, White-breasted nuthatch, near the Manchester Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach), Northern shovelers, seen Friday at the Wilbeth Road Trailhead for the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon), null, Cold enough for ya? Volunteer Joe Prekop is one of many visitors who braved the elements this weekend, and he photographed this in Cascade Valley Metro Park / South., Each of our parks has a Facebook page. "Like" Goodyear Heights Metro Park!, During the last round of snow, Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop took this cool photo at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm in Akron. How much snow did you get today?, We experienced a whiteout today during the School's Out Cookout program at Goodyear Heights Metro Park in Akron. More photos are here: http://on.fb.me/1409GLS, Each of our parks has a Facebook page. "Like" Sand Run Metro Park!, Red-tailed hawk at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), from Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon, This is one of three nature-inspired crafts for kids on pages 8 and 9 of our current Green Islands Magazine. View a flip-book version (Flash required) or download the PDF (1.6 MB) here: https://bitly.com/MPSSC-GIM, Have you fed the chickadees at the Nature Realm? The visitors center, normally closed Mondays, is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop) http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FASN, Each of our parks has a Facebook page. "Like" Firestone Metro Park!, How many bucks do you see?, "Has anyone seen my beak?" volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed with this image. Relax; it's just the angle. This tufted titmouse is OK., We hope you're not disappointed, as volunteer Rob Blair was "only" able to capture this image tonight. "I missed the peak of the sunset ... by the time I arrived at Tallmadge Meadows for this shot, but there was still plenty of intense color left to enjoy.", We love the expression on the face of this northern cardinal, photographed by volunteer Bob Roach. Looks like it's admiring the Metro Parks., Each of our parks has a Facebook page. "Like" Munroe Falls Metro Park!, Earlier this week, volunteer Debbie DiCarlo spotted these dirt mounds at Furnace Run Metro Park in Richfield, and she jokingly asked if we are building underground condos. We're not, but Naturalist Mike Greene said these are evidence of moles. In real estate, even with wildlife, it's all about location., Here's another image from last night, shot at sunset in Munroe Falls Metro Park by volunteer photographer Rob Blair, Last night's sunset, shot from Munroe Falls Metro Park by volunteer photographer Rob Blair, Each of our parks has a Facebook page. "Like" F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm!, “If you are feeling a little nostalgic for the holidays and need to get outdoors, take a hike in our Metro Parks in search of native evergreens. One of my favorites, the eastern hemlock, is beautiful in the dead of winter, even without snow on its branches. The soft, delicate needles of the hemlock provide a safe haven for wildlife and break up the monotony that our hardwood forests offer during the sometimes dreary winter. Its small cones, bark and needles provide much needed nutrients to rabbits, deer and birds throughout the colder months. Visit Sand Run Metro Park (Akron), Gorge Metro Park (Cuyahoga Falls) or Liberty Park (Twinsburg) to see stands of this native beauty.” – Naturalist Meghan Doran, Did you try to find the opossum in yesterday's photo from the Gorge? Here you go ... (Images by Alan & Debbie Casanova), These colorful clouds were captured last night over Munroe Falls Metro Park by volunteer Rob Blair. Like this? Check us out on Twitter for more: http://www.twitter.com/metro_parks, Can you spot the "OH-possum" in this photo from volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova, taken today in the Gorge (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls)?, Instagram is another great way to connect with your Metro Parks! Snap a photo with your mobile phone, apply a filter and then share it with the @summitmetroparks tag. You can also follow our account here: http://instagram.com/summitmetroparks, Stone was last taken from Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park in the 1930s, when the Civilian Conservation Corps used the sandstone to construct several Metro Parks facilities, including Pioneer Shelter in Goodyear Heights Metro Park., Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo spotted this bone on a hike in Furnace Run Metro Park in Richfield yesterday. Her glove, for reference, is about 10 inches long. Naturalist Mike Greene said the bone is part of the pelvis of a white-tailed deer., Volunteer Bob Roach saw this woolly bear last Friday - January 11! - in the Rock & Herb Garden at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). Naturalist Renell Simrau told us: "These early warm-ups will disrupt many insects and cold-blooded animals, but it seems to me that as long as they are coming out to forage and not mating/laying eggs, then as the temps drop again they will return to their winter slumbers.", With an eye to the sky, volunteer Joe Prekop took this photo last Thursday at Gorge Metro Park in Cuyahoga Falls. It wasn't raining, but ice crystals in the clouds may have created this rainbow effect., Red-shouldered hawk, from Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes, Here's another great cardinal image; the second we've posted today. Volunteer Joe Prekop spotted him at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) last week., There IS great color to be found outdoors this season. Take, for example, the rocks at Gorge Metro Park (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls). Volunteer Joe Prekop sent us this photo after a hike last Thursday., Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach recently captured this northern cardinal at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron)., This could have been taken today, but it's from last month. Park visitor Jenny Levy captured this cool panoramic view from the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley (354 Sackett Ave., Akron), This red-tailed hawk is from Metro Parks volunteer photographer Doug Dawes., "This vernal pool (seasonal wetland) at Liberty Park takes on a new look in winter," Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed Saturday. "This picture reminded me of a collection of bed pillows thrown around for the amphibians to sleep on or under.", Although it is known as a harbinger of spring, the American robin is actually a year-round resident of Ohio. We spotted this flock in Sand Run Metro Park just a few minutes ago., Can YOU draw a great horned owl?, null, null, THE BEST OF 2012: This photo was taken from the Towpath Trail by volunteer photographer Jim Childs. “(I) caught the tree swallow just as it launched from its perch,” Jim emailed. “I had a great time shooting this year. Looking forward to 2013 and more great walks and shots in the parks.”, THE BEST OF 2012: “This particular shot I had been wanting to get for months. Problem was the sky, the sun and the light were never right when I was available to take the photo. Finally one morning (in December), there was a nice clear sky and the sun was low and giving off a nice warm light.” – Metro Parks volunteer Kevin Lanterman, Cool look here at the rock walls in Gorge Metro Park, shared this week by volunteer Joe Prekop, Here’s our second look this weekend at a cedar waxwing. Volunteer Bob Roach captured this image at Firestone Metro Park on Monday., THE BEST OF 2012: “This one is a tribute to being really patient to get your shot. The evening sky was totally overcast, but I had a hunch the setting sun might just poke out at just the right time to illuminate the low clouds. So I set up my camera on the tripod … and waited. Finally there was a break in the clouds at just the right time, and what happened was literally spectacular. No filter was used." - Metro Parks volunteer Kevin Lanterman, THE BEST OF 2012: Volunteer Jerry Cannon captured this close-up at Hampton Hills Metro Park in Akron and Cuyahoga Falls. “This was taken on a very chilly morning and the dew was extremely heavy. It was shocking to see all the insects covered in dew. I guess I never stopped to think how these little critters have to be covered in dew ... until the sun dries up the moisture and they can go on with their lives.”, This yellow belly belongs to a cedar waxwing, up high in a tree at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). Volunteer Jerry Cannon took this shot. We'll share another look at the species Sunday., On a recent trip to Firestone Metro Park (2620 Harrington Rd., Akron), volunteer Debbie DiCarlo witnessed this puffed-up white-throated sparrow., Volunteer Joe Prekop spotted this great blue heron flying over Gorge Metro Park (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls) on Tuesday., THE BEST OF 2012: Volunteer photographer Joe Prekop took this photo on the Towpath Trail, in the Big Bend Area in Akron. “Seeing these two run on such a beautiful autumn day reminded me how great it is to be out and enjoy the beauty of the Metro Parks.”, Some birds visit Ohio during winter due to a limited food supply farther north. One such bird is the red crossbill (pictured), a medium-sized bird in the finch family. They get their name from their unusual bill, which in fact is crossed. The shape helps them extract seeds from conifer cones.

Adult males are typically red or orange in color, and females are green or yellow. They do not migrate like many songbirds; rather, they will move out of their breeding range if the food supply fails. 

Although crossbills eat mostly conifer seeds, they will also eat insects, berries and other seeds. And they will visit bird feeders for seeds. So keep your eyes open and your fingers crossed: You never know who might show up at your feeder this season! – Naturalist Dave Brumfield (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach), Cute!, Our Pinterest page includes boards dedicated to Flowers, Winter Beauty, Butterflies, Four-legged Friends and more! Follow us here: http://pinterest.com/metroparks/, We're getting a lot of great, new images of cardinals in the Metro Parks. At least one volunteer photographer has apologized for sending so many. But with photos like this one, from Bob Roach, no apology is necessary., THE BEST OF 2012: “This rock face of the Gorge (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls) is one of my favorites. (It has) a more artistic value by way of 'paint' than light.” – Metro Parks volunteer Robert George, We posted one yesterday, but here's another (fantastic) sunset photo from volunteer Kevin Lanterman, taken Tuesday at Munroe Falls Metro Park (521 S. River Rd., Munroe Falls)., Visitors, volunteers and staff have been buzzing about the recent bald eagle sightings at Gorge Metro Park in Cuyahoga Falls. Today, volunteer photographer Joe Prekop captured this!, Brandywine Falls in Sagamore Hills is managed by CVNP, but the lot doubles as a trailhead for our Bike & Hike Trail, and you can view the falls from the trail. Here's how the area looked just a few days ago. (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Volunteer Rob Blair called this recent shot "Sparkling Snow." Enjoy it here, because the snow is performing a (temporary) disappearing act., As the snow melts away (for now), check out this natural "sculpture" captured on a recent hike by Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop. You won't see this outside by lunchtime., THE BEST OF 2012: "The light was perfect," volunteer photographer Bob Roach said of the conditions that helped produce this beautiful image of a great blue heron at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). "It had well over 200 likes when you first posted it, (and) it's one of my better ‘lifetime’ heron images.", null, The Northern Cardinal is the state bird of seven states, including Ohio. Volunteer Joe Prekop photographed this beautiful male bird yesterday at the Nature Realm., "I forgot my photography gloves at home so I ended up freezing my fingers to capture tonight's sunset," writes volunteer Kevin Lanterman. "Now I am getting back to my peppermint hot chocolate!", THE BEST OF 2012: Volunteer photographer Jim Childs captured this juvenile Red-tailed Hawk at Liberty Park in Twinsburg. “I was taking pictures of monarchs that day and saw this hawk in the distance. I changed the lens and the bird flew very slowly right over my head. The sun was in the perfect place and lit the bird up perfectly.”, Volunteer Debbie DiCarlo spotted this mallard in some very cold water at Firestone Metro Park on Sunday. (Guess that's better than being in hot water, right?), Nice winter shots from Liberty Park in Twinsburg, How cool is this!, Here's another look at this morning's beautiful sunrise, this time from the Lake Area at Munroe Falls Metro Park. (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), This morning's sunrise, peeking through the trees in Sand Run in Akron, THE BEST OF 2012: About six miles of the Akron Marathon travel through areas managed by Metro Parks, Serving Summit County. In September, volunteer Rob Vaughn took this image. “It was a beautiful crisp morning and the Mustill Store (along the Towpath Trail) was the perfect place to watch the runners with live music being played on the porch!”, The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm was photographed by volunteer Bob Roach on Friday. Our snow may melt in the next few days. Do you like the idea of a January thaw?, Five different (and beautiful) birds here ..., Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon: "Saw this brown thrasher at Firestone on Friday. He is one beautiful bird." To learn about this species, visit All About Birds: http://bit.ly/WD4RlM, THE BEST OF 2012: “I was doing a Citizen Science program at Liberty Park in Twinsburg when these two garter snakes went into the same hole,” volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed. “As I watched the hole they popped their heads out to check me out. I couldn't help but visualize a two-headed snake.” For more about our Citizen Science program: http://bit.ly/Xj1yX6, Adam Run in Hampton Hills Metro Park (2925 Akron-Peninsula Rd., Akron), from volunteer Bob Roach, According to volunteer Jerry Cannon, this photo from Sand Run Metro Park in Akron shows why some birds fly south. (Naturalist Pat Rydquist said this is the nest of either an American goldfinch or willow flycatcher.), We have lift-off! Red-shouldered hawk at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) photographed by Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes, THE BEST OF 2012: “To me, this shot sums up the beautiful fall we had,” emailed volunteer photographer Rob Blair. “The light was beautiful in that moment, the tree was in its peak colors, and the eastern bank was still in the shadows, which created surprising depth.” The photo was taken at Munroe Falls Metro Park, 521 S. River Rd., Munroe Falls., This snowy look at Gorge Metro Park (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls) was taken Thursday by volunteer Jerry Cannon., This beautiful northern cardinal was recently photographed on the Towpath Trail, in Akron, by Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop., The suspension bridge at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), from Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach, THE BEST OF 2012: This eastern amberwing was photographed last summer by volunteer Bob Roach. “This is a very small dragonfly, around one and a half inches long, so it's hard to get an image you can blow up. The background is very good and the lighting is very good, so it was just a great combination for a good image.”, Park visitor Susan Kinnamon sent us this photo of a friendly face she encountered at the Nature Realm today. "Somebody gave this big boulder some personality," writes Susan. "It made my day!", Although its dominant feature is a bright red cap, the Red-bellied Woodpecker is named for the little wash of color on its belly. We photographed this example in Sand Run Metro Park a few hours ago., Start a new family tradition in the New Year! Join Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse for a hike, then return to a warm fire for a winter picnic. Families need to provide their own hotdogs and other picnic foods. A fire and s’mores (while supplies last) are provided. If there’s snow, bring your sled and enjoy the sledding hill afterwards. Meet in the Pioneer Area, 550 Frazier Ave., Akron., This hungry tufted titmouse was spotted near our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park. When a titmouse finds a large seed, it will carry the prize to a perch and crack it with sharp whacks of its bill. Learn more from All About Birds: http://bit.ly/obhTl, "Here's a view of some ice starting to build at the Gorge (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls). One reason to like the cold." - Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon, While most birds wait until the weather warms up to nest, there is a bird that lives around here getting ready to nest now: the great horned owl. “Starting in November and December, males will start to call, generally four or five hoots at a time, to claim territories and attract mates. Once they do, the owls look for a place to nest. They won’t build their own, but rather use an old nest like that of the red-tailed hawk or the top of a broken-off tree trunk. Then, at the end of January to the beginning of February, the female will lay one to four eggs that will hatch after 28 to 30 days of incubation. So if you’re outside in the next few weeks, keep your ears open for the hoot of the great horned owl.” – Naturalist Renell Simrau (Photo from ’12 by volunteer Doug Dawes), THE BEST OF 2012: “(This photo of tree swallows) was shot at Tallmadge Meadows at sunset,” volunteer photographer Jim Childs emailed. “I watched this mother bird feeding her two little ones. I caught the moment when the mother bird placed the baby bird’s meal in its mouth.” The Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park is located at 1088 North Ave., Tallmadge, We're guessing this might be one of the most beautiful winter cardinals you've ever seen. Are we right? (Photo from 12/30/12 by Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop), Enjoy the park district on your PC, Mac and more: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Downloads (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), "(Wednesday) was my first time out for a real hike in a while," volunteer photographer Rob Blair emailed, citing a nagging cold for his absence. "Here's a shot from just before the sun disappeared behind the clouds.", THE BEST OF 2012: “Here (is one) I like from last year,” emailed volunteer photographer Rob Vaughn. “The Glens Trail photo is from an unusually warm February day and I was really enjoying getting out on a hike.” Gorge Metro Park is located at 1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls, "I came across this handsome pair while hiking (on New Year's Day) along the Cuyahoga River in the Cascade Valley area. Hope they nest somewhere close next spring." - Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon, Nice images here from a Facebook fan ... Did You Know? We manage half the towpath in Summit County., Naturalist Pat Rydquist reports seeing a fox sparrow (pictured, at right) scratching up seed under the Nature Realm bird feeders (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). She writes: "The fox sparrow is much larger than our other winter sparrows, and sports beautiful rusty-brown feathers and pink feet. Since it usually winters farther south, seeing it here is an uncommon treat." (Photo from '12 by volunteer Doug Dawes), Facebook fan David Gould asks: What's the best/biggest sled hill in the Metro Parks? So, what do YOU think? (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Are you headed back to work after enjoying some time off yesterday? Here's the view from Sand Run Metro Park to brighten your day., THE BEST OF 2012: “I hiked Springfield Bog for the first time in July, and I immediately knew it would be one of my favorite parks. Every time I visited I saw different flowers, butterflies, insects and birds, and met wonderful people. (On one visit), I saw insects that reminded me of fireflies, only orange. I later learned they are soldier beetles. One of my favorite macro photos is this soldier beetle on an equally vibrant orange flower.” – Metro Parks volunteer Debbie DiCarlo, Twitter follower @brentjmiller shared this photo, taken today along the Towpath Trail in Akron., Guess the Spot: Do you know where Metro Parks volunteer Kevin Lanterman took this photo over the weekend? (And don't say "outside." Not specific enough.), The Cuyahoga River in Cascade Valley, photographed recently by Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop, Did You Know? We recycle Christmas trees by chipping them into mulch. Here's where to drop off yours: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-TreeRecycling, Happy New Year! May you enjoy the Metro Parks in every season in 2013, beginning with winter. (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Happy New Year! May you enjoy the Metro Parks in every season in 2013, beginning with winter. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), THE BEST OF 2012: “This photo, taken along the Bike & Hike Trail, shows the successful fledging of two great horned owls. It’s not a great photo, but a photo of a great result.” – Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes, Sled hill at Firestone Metro Park, 1949, "This Cedar Waxwing was a thrill for me to see and photograph," writes volunteer photographer Debbie DiCarlo. "I very rarely see them - and I have never been lucky enough to photograph one! It was in a bush feeding on berries at Firestone Metro Park.", Volunteer Rob Blair included some background information when he sent us this beautiful image: "I added tubes to the macro lens, which allowed me to get even better magnification. This is not a large snowflake. It fell in the morning, but had begun to melt a little by the time I took the photo in the afternoon. I was really amazed at the perfect details preserved in the center. I'm definitely going to keep shooting snowflakes this winter. It's like a different world to explore!", Read about our preliminary plans for the new Wood Hollow Metro Park in Hudson!, THE BEST OF 2012: “I was on a night hike (at Liberty Park in Twinsburg) and the surprise of seeing these baby saddleback caterpillars feeding together was impressive,” emailed Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon. “I had never seen that type of caterpillar before, so it was special to see quite a few together. I think the mystique of being out at night on the public hike made it even more exciting.”, "At the Overlook Trail (354 Sackett Ave., Akron), I talked to a couple that had just moved back to this area after living in different states for the past 25 years," volunteer Kevin Lanterman wrote when he sent this photo yesterday. "They mentioned that our park system is one of the best in the country.", What do you think? Would YOU bike the towpath in this weather?, New Year's Eve isn't until tomorrow, but it looks like the "turkeys" are out early., All of our sled hills are open, except the one at Cascade Valley in Akron. It’s too muddy. All of our ice skating areas are closed. (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop) http://bitly.com/MPSSC-WinterSports, Frosty's baby brother?, THE BEST OF 2012: “(This one) was shot along the banks of the Cuyahoga River, below the observation deck at the Overlook Trail,” Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop emailed. He admits he briefly went off trail in Cascade Valley to shoot this picture because he liked the angle. “It really shows just how much of nothing is below the deck.”, null, We got some great sledding photos yesterday from Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop, who was at Cascade Valley. Here's one; we tweeted some others. http://www.twitter.com/metro_parks, Red-tailed hawk, spotted earlier this month by Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes, THE BEST OF 2012: Metro Parks volunteer Robert George submitted this photo, taken in Sand Run Metro Park's Treaty Line Area earlier this month, as one of his favorites of the year. “It has a calming value and it was one of my first tries at night photography,” he wrote., Vibrant colors can still be found in the Metro Parks in winter, including this bright green water cress in Munroe Falls Metro Park., Eastern bluebird, shot last week by Metro Parks volunteer Debbie DiCarlo, THE BEST OF 2012: “The Nature Realm is a beautiful park any time of year,” Metro Parks volunteer Debbie DiCarlo wrote. “On this one particular day at the end of June, the sun was shining, the temperature was warm, the flowers were vibrant and the bees were extremely active. I stopped to watch them for a while, marveling at the amount of pollen they carry on their legs and how fuzzy their bodies are. When I got home and looked at all the photos I took, I liked this one the best because the light hit the wings just right to accentuate the movement.”, It looks like both hikers and cross-country skiers have been out enjoying the 2-mile Meadow Trail at Munroe Falls Metro Park!, Late-day sun, yesterday at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), from volunteer Bob Roach, Enjoying the snow? (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop), Red-breasted nuthatch, photographed earlier this month by Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes, This cool macro shot of snow, taken yesterday by Metro Parks volunteer Rob Blair, is a good opportunity to share: ALL OF OUR SLED HILLS ARE OPEN! http://bitly.com/MPSSC-WinterSports, THE BEST OF 2012: “This was one of my favorite moments of the summer,” emailed Metro Parks volunteer Rob Blair. “It was early morning, and I happened to notice two deer getting a drink in the river as I went over the bridge on (State Route) 91 (in Munroe Falls). I snapped lots of shots, but I also stopped and took in the absolute beauty with my own eyes. It's hard to believe that a scene like this could be experienced so close to our city.", No winter sports updates ... yet. When we hear, we'll update our info line (330-865-8060) and tweet the info (@metro_parks). Details here: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-WinterSports, Red-tailed hawk, spotted last week by Metro Parks volunteer Debbie DiCarlo, Winterberry, photographed by Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach, Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon named this recent shot "Tree Ornaments.", "He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle / And away they all flew like the down of a thistle."

Pictured: Thistle in the Metro Parks, from volunteer Joe Prekop., Day off? Check out the Nature Realm today!, Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop took this photo on his adventures yesterday. He labeled it "Christmas Dog." Notice the leash? That's a responsible pet owner., Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop saw these runners today on the Towpath Trail in Akron. "Like" if you enjoy a cold/snowy run, hike or walk on the trails., All of our sled hills remain closed. The ground is still too soft, and there are too many snowless spots. (Ice skating areas are closed as well.) http://bitly.com/MPSSC-WinterSports, Northern cardinal, photographed last week by volunteer Bob Roach, AMAZING! From Metro Parks volunteer Rob Blair: "I've been waiting (not very patiently) for a chance to use the macro lens on snowflakes. Here's a detailed close-up of one of our first real snowflakes on our first day of winter!", The Mayans' calendar might have ended in 2012, but we were planning for next year. Get a FREE 2013 desktop calendar, featuring photos in the Metro Parks, on your next visit to the Nature Realm visitors center (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). Available while supplies last. Call ahead for hours: 330-865-8065., Chestnuts roasting on an open fire? Though part of a popular holiday verse, the tasty treats are not American chestnuts; they are a Chinese variety. Naturalist Danette Rushboldt: “Sadly, a chestnut blight, an airborne fungus, was brought into the U.S. on nursery stock in the early 1900s, and it infected and killed most of America’s chestnut trees. The mighty American chestnut, known as the Redwood of the East, was once so common that one in four trees from Maine to Georgia was an American chestnut. The devastation from the fungus was overwhelming.” Rushboldt said steps are being taken to develop a blight-resistant strain of American chestnut by hybridizing the Chinese and American trees. So perhaps one day, the chestnuts roasting in the U.S. will once again be, at least partially, "Made in America.", First day of winter. Snowmageddon. Snowpocalypse. Whatever you call it, we may have this in our future very soon., Here's another photo from Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop's morning hike at the Gorge. Will the trail be covered in snow tomorrow?, Volunteer Joe Prekop wrote "Nothin' Special" when he sent this photo from his morning hike. Maybe he expected bolder colors or a wildlife-in-action shot, but we think this - and the subject, Glens Trail in Gorge Metro Park  - is pretty great., "We used iNaturalist to help confirm the rusty blackbird’s identity – Great site!" emailed volunteer Debbie Casanova after a recent trip to Firestone Metro Park in Akron. Learn more here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-iNaturalist, With a wink, volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed this morning: "Ran into this very rare, almost extinct, one-legged great blue heron. Only a few left in the wild, I've been told.", It's time to play "Guess the Spot!" Do you know where volunteer Bob Roach took this photo yesterday? Hint: It's a park we manage, and it's been in the district nearly 40 years., We've asked our volunteer photographers to send in one or two of their favorite shots from 2012. This fan shared his today. What's yours?, We've asked many of our volunteer photographers to send us their favorite photo(s) of 2012. Stay tuned. We're getting some great images and commentary to share in the coming days and weeks., "The chickadees and cardinals were our constant companions (Monday) at Firestone (Metro Park)," emailed volunteer Debbie Casanova. She and husband Alan also saw this tufted titmouse, mallards, woodpeckers and a rusty blackbird., Volunteer Jerry Cannon emailed this photo from the Nature Realm, shot yesterday, with only these words: "I think I just saw Santa Claus!" We had a good laugh. Hope you do, too., Facebook fan Stephen Leonardi shared this photo over the weekend. It's hard to tell if that's a shooting star (the Geminids were visible) or an airplane, but it's pretty either way., Metro Parks volunteer Debbie DiCarlo sent us this beautiful image of a bright-red male cardinal, which looks to be thinking, "Is this my best side?", Are you looking forward to snow? Forecasters say we may have snow Friday and Saturday. (Photo from Facebook fan Janean Ray, taken last year at Silver Creek Metro Park), Take a closer look at trees near water. You may notice evidence of beavers, which chew down trees to make their homes – and the bark is also a food source. “This mammal is well adapted to life in the water,” Naturalist Sarah Putnam says of the beaver. “It has webbed feet, waterproof fur and a flat tail.” Putnam said beavers are busy this time of year, pulling extra branches into their lodges to build "bark buffets." If you see (and startle) one, it may make a loud, alarming smack on the water with its tail. (Photo by Naturalist Meghan Doran), Our all-birds weekend concludes with this white-breasted nuthatch, a year-round resident of the Metro Parks. Watch for one turning sideways or upside down on trees and vertical surfaces. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Volunteer Jerry Cannon forwarded this photo yesterday. It's an eastern screech owl (maybe tucked in for the night?) at Firestone Metro Park, 2620 Harrington Rd., Akron., (Mallard) duck, duck, no goose. (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes), Whatever this young red-tailed hawk had its eyes on probably had an unlucky 12/12/12. That's when volunteer Doug Dawes took this great action shot at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron)., You might ask, "What's a bird like you doing in a place like this?" The northern shoveler (photographed by volunteer Jerry Cannon on the Towpath Trail, south of Akron) is only passing through. Learn more about the species from All About Birds: http://bit.ly/UreT9l, It's our State Bird, the northern cardinal, in all of her December glory. (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach), Metro Parks volunteer Rob Blair: "A beautiful soft glow lit up the eastern sky (Saturday morning). I was at the lake and was in just the right place to catch this scene. After feeling the effects of all the darkness that took place (Friday), the soft beauty that was displayed all around this barren tree helped to reassure me that there is always room to hope. May this little sign of hope bless your day as well.", Is that a faux hawk or a mohawk? Either way, this belted kingfisher is lookin' good. It was spotted this week along the Towpath Trail by Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes., Our all-birds weekend continues with this black-capped chickadee, resting on a fence rail at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). Volunteer Bob Roach captured the image on a recent walk., We kick off our all-birds weekend with this barred owl, recently shared by Facebook fan John Reeves after a visit to the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). The barred owl is a year-round resident of the Metro Parks., As we near the end of 2012, check out this stat: This year we had 34 volunteers (including several volunteer photographers) with more than 200 service hours. This new, peaceful image is from Rob Blair, taken near the Bike & Hike Trail's SR 91/Brust Park lot in Munroe Falls., The Geminid meteor shower is expected to put on a great show again tonight! Park visitor Brian Wilson braved the cold last night to capture this beautiful image from Munroe Falls Metro Park., This awesome red-headed woodpecker (photographed yesterday by volunteer Jerry Cannon, on the Towpath Trail in Clinton) is a hint at what's to come: Another all-birds weekend on Facebook. We'll post nothing but new images of birds tonight through Sunday., We have the BEST volunteers. (And thanks to them, we have a pretty great Facebook page.) This awe-inspiring photo was taken last night by Rob Blair at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Did you like volunteer Kevin Lanterman's skyward view of the woods that we posted last night? Here's another, also shot at Munroe Falls Metro Park. (The original is here: http://on.fb.me/Zm6Pgr), Fans of Gorge Metro Park: Check out this photo from our archives, taken in '32 or '33. You can see the old Roseland Ballroom on the far left. The construction crew is straightening Front Street, and that's a streetcar bridge over the Cuyahoga River on the right. The billboards are for Heinz 57 and Wrigley's Juicy Fruit., The stars on 12/12/12, from Metro Parks volunteer photographer Rob Blair, We can't say enough about this stunning photo we received today from volunteer Kevin Lanterman, shot at Munroe Falls Metro Park, so we'll let the image speak for itself. That is, unless you care to add something., A second Wednesday post, and it's another woodpecker. Look who dropped in at the Nature Realm feeders (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) yesterday. It's a pileated!, Look at this! Volunteer Doug Dawes photographed this red-bellied woodpecker looking (or licking) for bugs yesterday. Here's what All About Birds says: "(This bird) can stick out its tongue nearly 2 inches past the end of its beak. The tip is barbed and the bird’s spit is sticky, making it easier to snatch prey from deep crevices.", null, "Frost Skyline" by volunteer photographer Rob Blair, No snow? No problem! We can always revisit our archives for some winter scenes from the past. Here is Mary Campbell Cave in Gorge Metro Park in 1930., The morning sun over the Bike & Hike Trail in Munroe Falls, shot earlier this month by volunteer Rob Blair, Two years ago today, this was the scene at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). Last December wasn't very snowy. Will we see any accumulation (and winter sports) before 12/31?, You might think this is a summer image, or maybe a mid-fall photo (with orange maples reflecting on the water), but Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop shot it two weeks ago from the Bike & Hike Trail., Two years ago this week, volunteer Kevin Lanterman took this photo in the Lake Area at Munroe Falls Metro Park. Last December we saw little snow. When will we have measurable snow this year?, The Rock & Herb Garden at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), photographed last week by volunteer Bob Roach, Our Facebook birding weekend concludes with this trio of Canada geese, photographed by volunteer Jim Childs at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Hooded mergansers, photographed from the Towpath Trail, south of Akron, this past week by Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon, Wood ducks, from Metro Parks volunteer photographer Bob Roach, Our birding weekend continues with this cool shot of a kingfisher, taken by volunteer Doug Dawes on a recent hike in the Metro Parks., Coming in for a landing, it's a female mallard, photographed recently at Munroe Falls Metro Park (521 S. River Rd., Munroe Falls) by volunteer Jim Childs., Our weekend of birds continues with this great (and recent) photo of a great blue heron, from Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach., Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon took this photo earlier in the week from the Towpath Trail, south of Akron. He called it "Coot on the Canal." All About Birds describes the American coot as a "plump, chicken-like bird." Agree? http://bit.ly/xykzy, The birding weekend continues with this beautiful cedar waxwing, photographed by volunteer Doug Dawes on a recent hike in the Metro Parks., Our birding weekend continues with a great shot from park visitor Sue Simenc, who took this at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) when she completed the Fall Hiking Spree., Our weekend of birds continues with this awesome image from volunteer Jim Childs, who recently saw this mallard coming in for a landing at Munroe Falls Metro Park (521 S. River Rd., Munroe Falls)., It's an all-birds weekend for us on Facebook, and we kick it off with this female northern shoveler, sent to us this morning by volunteer Jerry Cannon. He spotted her near the Towpath Trail, south of Akron, this week. For more about this bird: http://bit.ly/5EWDa9, What is Naturalist Pat Rydquist doing? Her best deer impression! See more photos from today's Kinderealm program at the Nature Realm: http://on.fb.me/QNFJeJ, Worth the click! These are great., When temps drop and snow falls, what happens to all of our amphibians? Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse: “Well, spring peepers (pictured) let their bodies partially freeze. They produce glucose in their livers, where it then gets pumped only to vital organs. The glucose acts as an anti-freeze. Other parts of the animals form ice crystals and freeze!" Kresse said spring peepers will spend the entire winter in this semi-frozen state under leaf litter, only thawing out after the ground begins to warm. (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon), Here's a second look at the pileated woodpecker photographed by Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes. Doug's first photo is here: http://on.fb.me/UJWJmk, Look! It's the biggest woodpecker around, the pileated. Learn more about this bird - the inspiration, some say, for cartoon character Woody Woodpecker - from All About Birds: http://bit.ly/126Csth (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Doug Dawes), The rink at Gorge Metro Park was definitely a popular place in December 1963! Did your childhood include trips to the Metro Parks for ice skating?, "Tree Hugger" (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon, at Firestone Metro Park in Akron), WOW! (Photo by volunteer Rob Blair), Sledding has been a popular winter activity for generations of park visitors. Here's the view from the top of the Goodyear Heights Metro Park hill in December 1962., Volunteer Rob Blair was at Munroe Falls Metro Park (521 S. River Rd., Munroe Falls) yesterday morning, and he took this wonderful "pre-sunrise" image., null, null, Volunteer Joe Prekop took some photos of the fog yesterday, too. Here's how it looked in Gorge Metro Park (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls)., Volunteer Rob Blair captured a few "foggy" images in Cascade Valley yesterday morning. Here's the view from the Overlook Deck (354 Sackett Ave., Akron)., What are you hunting down for lunch? See what this hawk caught near the towpath., We love this photo of a cardinal, photographed last week by volunteer Joe Prekop at Gorge Metro Park (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls.) Great color, interesting angle, beautiful bird: What's not to like?, A ring-necked pheasant! Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon photographed this rare Summit County sighting last week in a conservation area. "I haven't seen a ring-necked pheasant in the wild since I was a kid," he said., Volunteer Doug Dawes recently watched this American kestrel at Munroe Falls Metro Park. (Or was the kestrel watching him?) Learn more about this bird from All About Birds: http://bit.ly/Vo7i0A, Great detail on this tufted titmouse (Check out its feet!), spotted at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) by volunteer Jim Childs, Today's high will be in the 50s. Hard to believe this was the scene a week ago on the Towpath Trail in Akron. (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer Rob Blair described last night's photo shoot at Munroe Falls Metro Park as cold and crisp. We call it a success!, Last day of the 49th annual Fall Hiking Spree. Did you finish it? This visitor did today, and she posed for us at the Nature Realm. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FHS2012, null, Can you believe December starts tomorrow? Visit our Downloads page to enjoy the Metro Parks on your PC, Mac and more. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Downloads, Naturalist Sarah Putnam visits Hampton Hills Metro Park for the final video in our 2012 Trail of the week series., Volunteer photographer Joe Prekop took this incredible photo during a walk on the Bike & Hike Trail yesterday. Look for hawks along fields and perched on telephones poles, fenceposts or trees., Naturalist Mike Greene thinks this may make you feel better about Ohio winters: Some birds migrate here from points further north. Summit County is their Florida!

One of those migrants, the red-breasted nuthatch, crosses the border from Canada’s coniferous forests where it nests in summer. This topsy-turvy bird often moves head first down tree trunks and branches while searching for food, including insects and spiders hiding in bark crevices. In the winter, nuthatches eat a lot of seeds.

Smaller than our year-round resident white-breasted nuthatch, the red-breasted is very aggressive for its size. If you come to hand-feed birds at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), you may notice that the red-breasted nuthatch often chases larger birds away to claim your seed-filled hand as its throne.

Watch their behavior after they grab a seed and fly to a nearby tree. Sometimes they wedge the seed into a crack in the tree bark and hack at it until it breaks open. The “nuthatch” name is a linguistic corruption of “nuthack.” “Red-breasted” is a reference to the cinnamon-colored feathers on the bird’s underparts.

You may also observe the nuthatch shoving seeds in bark crevices to store them for winter’s hard times. One of the red-breasted nuthatches at the Nature Realm even hides seed down in the leaf litter at the base of shrubs and trees. How it will relocate these cached seeds is one of nature’s many mysteries.

(Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach), It's lunchtime. Considering something from the dollar menu? Well, here's a buck. (Photo by Joe Prekop), The moon last night was full. (Does that explain anything?) Here's a photo of it from Metro Parks volunteer Rob Blair., null, Nine great photos here ..., We are beginning to fill our outdoor ice skating rinks, including this one in Sand Run Metro Park's Big Bend Area (1337 Merriman Rd., Akron). Visit our website for a complete list of winter sports areas: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-WinterSports, Tonight's almost-full moon near Sand Run Metro Park, It's another gray November day, but here's proof the sun still exists: Volunteer Rob Blair took this image yesterday morning along the Bike & Hike Trail in Munroe Falls., Volunteer Joe Prekop photographed this great blue heron on a recent Towpath Trail hike., Frost is formed when solid surfaces are cooled to below the dew point of the adjacent air as well as below the freezing point of water. Here is a beautiful example captured by volunteer Rob Blair along the Bike & Hike Trail in Munroe Falls., Volunteer Bob Roach took this picture of Mr. Mallard this morning at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). Great detail and color!, Wow!, Brrr! But beautiful., Take a closer look. Volunteer Doug Dawes did, and he spotted this eastern screech owl on a recent trip to Firestone Metro Park (2400 Harrington Rd., Akron)., You'll love the view from the Overlook Deck., This happy couple is Justin and Colleen. Why are they smiling? Justin popped the question last Wednesday at the Nature Realm. What's your favorite memory in the Metro Parks?, As the sun sets on a long holiday weekend, we share this image from volunteer Kevin Lanterman, who captured this sunset about a week ago from Munroe Falls Metro Park (1088 North Ave., Tallmadge)., On a recent trip to the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova spotted this squirrel, well, scratching an itch., The Metro Parks Hiking Club in yesterday's "Welcome Santa" parade in Akron, A few of our volunteers, with Metro Leaf, before yesterday's "Welcome Santa" parade in Akron, In February 2011, bear tracks were spotted in the snow in Liberty Park (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg), which has many places to hibernate. This year, we installed bear-proof trash containers (pictured). Learn more about black bears by watching this video: http://bit.ly/XOkkGi, Baby, it's cold outside. When conditions are right, enjoy skating, skiing and sledding in the Metro Parks ... maybe in a few days? http://bitly.com/MPSSC-WinterSports, "It looks like winter is about to kick into gear," volunteer Kevin Lanterman emailed at 5 this afternoon, just as the snow started to fall in Northeast Ohio. "Wanted to share one of my favorite photos from this fall." Hard to believe this scene in Sand Run is from only a few weeks ago., Set against a cloudy and gray sky, the top of a red-bellied woodpecker really stands out in this photo taken by volunteer Doug Dawes at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron)., If you're lucky, you can feed more than just chickadees by hand at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). Volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova recently photographed this willing tufted titmouse., We are not the only ones celebrating the harvest this week, writes Naturalist Meghan Doran: “Wildlife are over-eating, storing food and visiting feeders in a frantic frenzy. Insects, berries, wild grapes, acorns and seeds are just a few of the items on the animals’ grocery lists. Squirrels and chipmunks are nature’s hoarders, storing hundreds of nuts for the coming winter. Visit any of our 14 parks to observe it in action!” (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Another recent bald eagle sighting near the towpath, this time from a Facebook fan near the Wolf Creek Trailhead in Barberton, We're very grateful for our 800-plus volunteers, one of whom - photographer Rob Blair - emailed this morning after a visit to the Brust Park / SR 91 trailhead for our Bike & Hike Trail: "What a great way to start this day! Thankful to be so close to beautiful scenes like this.", Cute!, null, Here's another cool view from volunteer Joe Prekop's recent hike through Cascade Valley in Akron., Here's the stunning view from the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley (354 Sackett Ave., Akron), from Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop., Recognize this from Sand Run in Akron? It's a beautiful November morning in the Metro Parks!, Did you see last night's sunset? Volunteer Rob Blair did, at Munroe Falls Metro Park (1088 North Ave., Tallmadge), and he emailed this photo. "It was a real beaut!" he said., These are great!, Very cool!, Volunteer Doug Dawes called this one "A Flicker of Hope." The northern flicker was checking out his backyard nest box, and he hopes it moves in. Learn more about flickers here: http://bit.ly/SN5GHF, It's time to play "Guess the Park!" Do you know where volunteer Joe Prekop shot this? Hint: It's a Metro Park in Summit County. (Why would we post anything else?), Dog lovers: There are some fun photos here!, null, Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon was greeted by this male cardinal during his recent visit to Firestone Metro Park. More than 175 bird species have been sighted at the park, including various types of wrens, thrushes, warblers, woodpeckers, herons and ducks., "X marked the spot," quipped volunteer photographer Kevin Lanterman about his photo from the Tallmadge Meadows Area at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Minks are found in wet areas throughout the Metro Parks, but they can be tough to spot before they scurry away. Volunteer Doug Dawes was quick enough to snap this cool photo from the Towpath Trail yesterday., White-tailed deer are beginning to shed their reddish coats for new gray-brown coats that provide greater insulation and camouflage. This lovely doe was still easy to spot as she quietly observed lunchtime traffic on the Towpath Trail., Adam Run Trail in Hampton Hills Metro Park (pictured here) is one of the most demanding hikes in the park district. It is also included in the 49th annual Fall Hiking Spree, which ends in just two weeks!, Wood Ducks can be found in wooded swamps, marshes, streams, rivers, beaver ponds and small lakes. Volunteer Doug Dawes discovered these pretty birds on the Cuyahoga River earlier this week., All-natural “antifreeze?” Naturalist Dave Brumfield highlights the goldenrod gall fly and how it survives cold temps:

In summer, the gall fly lays an egg in the stem of the goldenrod plant. The egg hatches and the larvae begin to eat from inside the stem. The plant responds to a chemical in its saliva by making extra thick layers of plant tissue around the larvae. This enlarged layer of tissue forms a ball-shaped structure known as a gall (pictured).

In the fall, the larva forms a tunnel that stops just short of the outer surface of the stem. It will use this tunnel in the spring as an escape exit. In the meantime, the larva will overwinter in the gall, producing a type of antifreeze called glycerol. This chemical will keep it from freezing during the winter months.

In the spring, the larva will become a pupa, and then hatch into an adult. The adult will leave the gall and look for a mate and the cycle begins again. Sometimes though, it doesn’t reach this point, as the larva is a good source of food for birds. Downy woodpeckers and chickadees can bore into the gall and eat the larva. (As a matter of fact, it takes a lot of “gall” for those birds to do what they do.)

So, the next time you’re out hiking, keep an eye out for the goldenrod gall. (Photo credit: AskNature.com), Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon spotted this Rusty Blackbird at Firestone Metro Park on Tuesday. Look for Rusty Blackbirds in wet areas, including flooded woods, swamps, marshes and the edges of ponds., Goldenrod has lost its luster, but it's still pretty. Tomorrow, we'll share how a little fly uses the plant to survive winter. (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop), New volunteer photographer Jim Childs continues to send some of his favorite summer images. Here's one of a pileated woodpecker he took in May at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron)., How cool! Metro Parks volunteer Nancy R. was recently with other birders at Kelleys Island on Lake Erie, when they called in this saw-whet owl. Learn more about the species from All About Birds: http://bit.ly/RVWF1L (Photo by Doug Dawes), Very cool photos!, null, null, Facebook fan and Twitter follower T.J. Powell and his boys (pictured) are one hike away from completing the Fall Hiking Spree. Have you finished the spree yet? http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FHS2012, null, The BIGGEST leaf you've ever seen? This giant sycamore leaf dropped near the feet of an employee today in Sand Run Metro Park., null, null, Regarding his photo of Sunday at dusk, at Munroe Falls Metro Park, volunteer Rob Blair emailed: "A nice way to end a beautiful weekend.", Looks like this squirrel had some 'tude., Nice image from warmer times ..., The visitors center at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is closed most Mondays, but it's OPEN TODAY, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., in observance of Veterans Day. (Photo by Bob Roach) http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FASN, null, Viewed at the Chuckery Area in Cascade Valley ..., Friday night's sunset, captured from Munroe Falls Metro Park by volunteer Kevin Lanterman, can be summed up by three simple letters: W-O-W!, Once endangered by hunting and pesticides, Bald Eagles have flourished under protection. This regal bird was spotted a few hours ago along the Towpath Trail., Volunteer Jim Childs sent us this awesome photo. It's a good reminder to be careful crossing roads and parkways now, as bucks are chasing does during the rut., Get 15% off all purchases and free gift wrapping at the Nature Realm gift shop (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) through Monday, 11/12. http://bit.ly/RJXJWw, null, Late Bloomer: Even thought its leaves have yellowed and started to fall, witch hazel (pictured) is in bloom. This hearty shrub will continue blooming at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) a bit longer, maybe even into December. The flowers aren’t very showy, with only four skinny yellow petals, but clustered together they are quite beautiful. - Naturalist Renell Simrau, The colorful leaves of this maple, photographed this morning in the Treaty Line Area of Sand Run (995 Treaty Line Rd., Akron), are still holding on!, Uh-oh. The plows are out at our service center., Although they are the most common hawk in North America, red-tailed hawks are still a thrill to see at close range. This one visited our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park a few days ago., Volunteer Kevin Lanterman spotted this colony of beech blight aphids at Sand Run Metro Park in Akron. These insects feed on the sap of beech trees but do not usually cause much damage. A defensive behavior will cause them to sway from side to side when disturbed. Learn more about these insects here: http://bit.ly/Beech-Blight-Aphids, Just two weeks until Thanksgiving? Yikes!, null, Very cool recent shot of the moon over Munroe Falls Metro Park, from volunteer Rob Blair, Don't give up on fall colors just yet ..., Watch and learn about the Rock Creek Trail, part of the 2012 Fall Hiking Spree, Just think: The sledding hill in Cascade Valley's Oxbow Area (photographed yesterday by volunteer Joe Prekop) will soon be covered in snow. Do you "like," love or hate the thought of snow?, As the sun set on the 2012 election season, volunteer Rob Blair captured the setting sun last night in Munroe Falls Metro Park., It's finally over! This election season was for the birds., "Those election lines were nuts today.  ... Nuts, get it?" - Cheeks the chipmunk, Volunteer Bob Roach had a cool experience Sunday. This red-breasted nuthatch (a species seen here during winter, so you know what that means) ate from his hand at the Nature Realm, at 1828 Smith Rd., Akron., The big question on Election Day: What's your favorite trail on this year's Fall Hiking Spree, which ends 11/30? http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FHS2012form, Oh, technology. We had trouble receiving an email last week with photos from volunteer Kevin Lanterman, but this image (from Munroe Falls Metro Park) was definitely worth the wait., "I saw (this American kestrel) at Tallmadge Meadows very briefly when I was driving in" two weeks ago, volunteer Rob Blair emailed. "I wasn't able to get very close before he took off, but what a beautiful sight he was." Learn more about the kestrel here: http://bit.ly/WrBjgP, Children 3 to 6 and their adult companions joined a naturalist on Friday to learn all about woodpeckers. There are four more Kinderealm programs scheduled in November: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Programs, Volunteer Bob Roach saw this squirrel Sunday at the Nature Realm. Is it giving two thumbs up? The Fonz would approve this message., New volunteer photographer Jim Childs has been sending us his favorite photos from earlier this year. Here's one; a male cardinal at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron)., The Ohio Edison Dam at Gorge Metro Park (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls) is a sight to see after so much rain!, There are still some nice fall colors out there, but you'll have to look down, not up. (Photo taken in Sand Run by Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop), null, SPREE HIKERS: Need help attaching your hiking shield to your staff? These volunteers will help today, noon to 4 p.m. http://bit.ly/X8xKv9, Seems hard to believe, but this photo was taken just two weeks ago by Metro Parks volunteer Jim Childs., Several pine siskins have visited the Nature Realm's wildlife viewing area this week. Would you like to attract these small songbirds to your yard? They feed readily at backyard feeders, preferring smaller seeds like thistle and oil sunflower., In the late 1940s, the Goodyear Heights Metro Park parking lots (2077 Newton St., Akron) were planted with a variety of specimen trees, including red maples, willows and water oaks. Naturalist Pat Rydquist’s favorite is the unusual overcup oak, whose acorns are completely covered by bumpy caps – a treat for turkeys, deer and squirrels! (Photo credit: Missouri State Herbarium), null, null, Our Ledges Trail (9999 Liberty Rd., Twinsburg) is featured in this story about local "geological gems" in The Plain Dealer. http://bit.ly/X5HsOX, Enjoy the park district on your PC, Mac and more. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Downloads, Two months down, one to go! The 49th annual Fall Hiking Spree ends November 30. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FHS2012, Can't wait until we see this again! (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon at Liberty Park in Twinsburg), This beautiful cedar waxwing was part of a large flock spotted yesterday near the Towpath Trail's Big Bend Trailhead (1337 Merriman Rd., Akron). In fall, these birds gather by the hundreds to eat berries, filling the air with their high, thin whistles. Learn more from All About Birds: http://bitly.com/n7UmY, Volunteer Kevin Lanterman took this photo last week at Munroe Falls Metro Park, but asked us to save it for tonight. "It just seemed very eerie and perfect for Halloween," he wrote., BOO! We wrap up our day of "creepy" creatures with this spooky wolf spider (Lycosa helluo). It was discovered and photographed a few days ago by Metro Parks biologist Rob Curtis. Happy Halloween!, On this dark and gloomy Halloween, we're thinking about some of our "creepy" species, including bats. Many of these winged mammals will soon hibernate. Learn more here about our nine bat species: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Bats (Photo of a hoary bat by volunteer Jerry Cannon), Want to see more of our posts? Facebook now requires you to add us to your interests. Hover over the "Like" button or click the gear button on your mobile device., Take a closer look. Volunteer Doug Dawes recently spotted this red-bellied woodpecker trying to blend in at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron)., null, Cycling in this weather? We spotted this guy doing it at 1:30 this afternoon on Sand Run Parkway in Akron., New volunteer photographer Jim Childs continues to send us his favorite summer photos. Here's one: A chickadee at Alder Pond, at Goodyear Heights Metro Park in Akron., When will we next see a scene like this? Rain, rain, go away ... (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Kevin Lanterman), Volunteer Jim Childs snapped this image last week at Munroe Falls Metro Park, but it looks like it could've been taken Sunday, or Monday, or today, or ..., Your Levy Dollars at Work: Last week, Metro Parks crews completed resurfacing more than a mile of the Towpath Trail, between the Barberton and Wolf Creek trailheads. (Did You Know? We manage half of the trail in Summit County.), null, Need a little sunshine today? Volunteer Rob Blair snapped this great image last Friday morning at the SR 91 / Brust Park Trailhead for our Bike & Hike Trail., Volunteer Joe Prekop shot this in the Gorge before all the rain (and there's even more coming). The Cuyahoga River could soon look even more lively. For more about the park: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-G, Fun photos!, Volunteer Doug Dawes had this special visitor at his backyard feeder Monday: It's a red-breasted nuthatch, and it's only here in winter. You know what that means .... Learn more here, from All About Birds: http://bit.ly/UWvDd5, Volunteer Joe Prekop took this photo at Furnace Run Metro Park in Richfield. Is the leaf floating on water or the only colorful one in the pile? We didn't ask Joe, so we don't know., About 60 million Americans from the East Coast to the Great Lakes may be affected by high winds, rains, flooding and snow from Hurricane Sandy. What are your predictions for Northeast Ohio?, null, null, Very cool series!, null, null, null, CAW, CAW! American crows are calling. Naturalist Danette Rushboldt said that sound may be a signal that a hawk or owl is nearby. "Crows are known to mob larger birds as a way to keep their territory safe," she said. "So if you hear the crows, be on the lookout for owls and hawks." (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Bob Roach), John Reeves, a Senior Instructor of Biological Anthropology at the University of Akron, spotted this red-tailed hawk on campus with what he called a "gray squirrel entree" for lunch. Many other wildlife photos from local citizen scientists can be found on our iNaturalist project: http://bit.ly/GC9b03, Our jaws dropped when we saw this image taken from the Overlook Deck this morning. Thank you to Facebook fan Stephen Leonardi for sharing his talent with us!, Pick up your FREE 2013 Metro Parks desktop calendar at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) or our administrative offices (975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron)., New volunteer photographer Jim Childs has been sending us his favorite summer shots. Here's one of a great blue heron from July that he took along the Towpath Trail., null, null, What are you doing on Facebook? It's 80 degrees! Go outside and enjoy. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer Rob Blair captured another fantastic early morning shot at Munroe Falls Metro Park. Enjoy!, Did you know that Summit County residents can receive our publications for FREE? Use the Contact Us form on our website to sign up now!, The Dark-eyed Junco is one of the most common birds in North America. During late fall and winter you’ll see them on woodland walks as well as in flocks at your feeders. This one was spotted a few days ago in Sand Run Metro Park., Facebook fan Stephen Leonardi shared this fantastic image of the Indian Signal Tree in Cascade Valley Metro Park. Thanks Stephen!, Fall colors were still plentiful on Sunday at Munroe Falls Metro Park/Lake Area, 521 S. River Rd., Munroe Falls., New "Trail of the Week" video during the Fall Hiking Spree, null, What a warm week! Are you doing the Fall Hiking Spree, like our friends Doug and Suzie here? Click this link for spree details: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FHS2012, More great examples of fall color in your Metro Parks ..., You gotta see 'em to believe 'em!, "This is one of those moments when everything came together just right," emailed volunteer photographer Rob Blair. "The sun was lighting the west side of the Munroe Falls Metro Park lake, but the shadows were still there on the east side.", New photos added to this Nature Realm album ..., Who else thinks this would make for an incredible puzzle? (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop at Furnace Run Metro Park in Richfield), Great photos!, Even birds of prey paused to enjoy today's beautiful weather! This hawk was spotted soaking up some sun at Munroe Falls Metro Park., You could be here right now! Volunteer Bob Roach sent us this great fall image of Seneca Pond at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron)., Volunteer Bob Roach took this golden-yellow photo earlier in the week at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron)., We posted this image on our timeline yesterday, but it didn't show up - and it's definitely worth sharing (again)., Sand Run, as it passes under the Jogging Trail and the bridge to Mingo Pavilion, in Sand Run Metro Park (photo by Bob Roach), Here's a great, colorful look at the Top O' the World Area on Thursday, before the wind knocked down so many leaves. For more about Hampton Hills: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-HH (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes), We like this photo of Tuscarawas Shelter in Firestone Metro Park from volunteer Jim Childs. The facility can be reserved for picnics and gatherings. Learn more here: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Shelters, Need help attaching your Fall Hiking Spree shield to your hiking staff? These volunteers will help today at the Nature Realm, noon to 4 p.m. Follow this link for details: http://bit.ly/QysZG0, Breathtaking photos from Metro Parks volunteer Rob Blair, Enjoy the fall colors ... while they last!, Great birds, great fall color!, The beautiful New England aster (pictured) is going to seed. Naturalist Sarah Putnam: "You may have seen it in late summer, standing about four feet tall with pretty purple flowers. By now, this aster has lost much of its color and has seed heads that will soon be carried by the wind to produce next year’s plants.", This natural "sculpture" was photographed by Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop in Cascade Valley. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-CVS, Are you doing the Fall Hiking Spree? You could star in next year's ads, just like Charles and Gladys. Write marketing@summitmetroparks.org and tell us why you love the spree. Got photos? Send those, too! http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FHS2012, Last night's sunset, captured by volunteer Rob Blair at Munroe Falls Metro Park's Tallmadge Meadows Area (1088 North Ave., Tallmadge), Wow!, The second album of towpath images worth sharing today ..., There was beautiful color yesterday. Let's hope today's winds leave us with some leaves on the trees., There was a lot of color and wildlife activity along the Towpath Trail yesterday., Great shots from a volunteer's visit to the Nature Realm yesterday, Did you see the orange-pink sky this morning around 7 o'clock? Here's what it looked like in Sand Run Metro Park., Enjoy this colorful drive through Sand Run Metro Park in Akron. The popular ford across the parkway makes an appearance at the :25 second mark!, Here's a STUNNING look at the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley (354 Sackett Ave., Akron), from volunteer Joe Prekop., This beautiful rainbow of fall color was spotted this morning in Sand Run Metro Park in Akron, near the west end of the Jogging Trail., Meet our 8-feet-tall chipmunk tonight!, If this doesn't inspire you to visit the Twinsburg Ledges Area in Liberty Park, what will? (Photo by volunteer Debbie DiCarlo) http://bitly.com/MPSSC-LP, According to ODNR, now's the time for peak fall foliage in Northeast Ohio. Where has autumn's color palette wowed you? (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop at our Furnace Run Metro Park in Richfield), "Northern Ohio counties are starting to see peak conditions for fall foliage," reports the Ohio Department of Natural Resources. "Maples are starting to see some great color, including an array of yellows, oranges and reds.” (Photo from Munroe Falls Metro Park/Tallmadge Meadows Area), We LOVE the colors in this image of a male mallard from volunteer Joe Prekop. He took it in Cascade Valley in Akron on Saturday., Great blue heron, keeping watch over the Towpath Trail (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop), Volunteer Joe Prekop sent us this nice shot of the Mustill Store, next to the Towpath Trail just north of Downtown Akron. Learn more about it here: http://bit.ly/SWZP5J, BEST STORY OF THE DAY! Becky and Sam, who is blind, stopped by our offices today to get their Fall Hiking Spree rewards. Sam began losing his vision, due to retinitis pigmentosa, in 1992; the husband-wife team has been married for 22 years. This marked the first year they have completed the Fall Hiking Spree! Ironically, today was White Cane Safety Day (WCSD).

For more about the spree: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FHS2012; For more about WCSD: http://bit.ly/WpTwsi, X marks the spot of Cascade Valley, where volunteer Doug Dawes took this cool photo yesterday. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-CVS, 'Twas a beautiful fall weekend to be in the Metro Parks! Volunteer Joe Prekop spotted these runners on the Towpath Trail in Akron. Where did you spend time outside?, Brushwood Lake at Furnace Run Metro Park (4955 Townsend Rd., Richfield), photographed Saturday by volunteer Bob Roach, New volunteer photographer Jim Childs is sending us some of his favorite summer photos. He took this one in July at Tallmadge Meadows (1088 North Ave., Tallmadge): http://bitly.com/MPSSC-MF, Here is some fantastic fall color, courtesy of volunteer Joe Prekop and Cascade Valley Metro Park., These two young visitors look a little uncertain during their meeting with Cheeks at last night's Fall Family Outing. Can you blame them? An 8-foot-tall chipmunk is not something you see every day!, Thank you to the thousands of visitors who joined us for last night's Fall Family Outing at Silver Creek Metro Park. Performer B.E. Mann (pictured here with a young fan) kept the crowd moving with his infectious reggae beats!, These colorful leaves are Mother Nature's welcome mat. (Photo from Gorge Metro Park taken by volunteer Joe Prekop), This was the scene last Saturday at Goodyear Heights. Join us tonight, 6 to 9, for FREE hayride fun and more at Silver Creek in Norton: http://on.fb.me/Q5HsZM (Photo by volunteer Kathy Rouse), Good morning! (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Rob Blair, shot near the Bike & Hike Trail's SR 91 Trailhead this week), Another great, new shot from Tallmadge Meadows (1088 North Ave., Tallmadge): It's the setting sun, shot by volunteer Jim Childs., Fall at Tallmadge Meadows, part of Munroe Falls Metro Park (1088 North Ave., Tallmadge), shot by volunteer Rob Blair: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-MF, Look, but don't touch. Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted this poison ivy, showing off its fall colors, earlier this week., Don't look now, but winter is coming. Red squirrels have a unique adaptation that helps them survive the long, cold season. It's called caching. Naturalist Elizabeth Kresse explains: "Caching is the active hoarding of nuts and seeds in large piles or in individual spots. Red squirrels have been observed feeding from caches up to two years old, but that's not typical." She said squirrels will never remember all of their hiding spots, so trees may grow from forgotten nuts and seeds. (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon), Hey, look! That's the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley. (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Joe Prekop) http://bitly.com/MPSSC-CVS, Here's Yellow Creek, one of the Cuyahoga River's cleanest tributaries, in O'Neil Woods Metro Park in Bath. (Photo by volunteer Bob Roach), Another beautiful sunset at Munroe Falls Metro Park/Tallmadge Meadows Area (1088 North Ave., Tallmadge). Have you snapped a great sunset photo in the Metro Parks? Share it on our wall!, Fall in O'Neil Woods Metro Park (2550 Martin Rd., Bath), shot by volunteer photographer Bob Roach, Great capture from Cascade Valley, shared by a Facebook fan, Fall color above the meadow in Munroe Falls Metro Park (1088 North Ave., Tallmadge), photographed by volunteer Jim Childs: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-MF, The Indian Signal Tree, photographed by a Facebook fan, NEW volunteer opportunity! Join us Monday to help transform a part of Munroe Falls Metro Park., Dusk at Munroe Falls Metro Park (1088 North Ave., Tallmadge), taken over the weekend by Metro Parks volunteer Rob Blair: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-MF, Did you see this link earlier today?, "Reflections," from volunteer Joe Prekop, shot earlier today in the Gorge (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls) along the Cuyahoga River: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-G, Fall color at Cascade Valley (837 Cuyahoga St., Akron), framed by the Indian Signal Tree (photo by Metro Parks volunteer Robert George), Volunteer Rob Blair captured this image yesterday morning in Munroe Falls Metro Park (521 S. River Rd., Munroe Falls). "Just when I was about to get in my car and drive off, I looked back at the lake and got this shot," he emailed., Who was that masked man, err, bird? It's a cedar waxwing. Learn more about the bird here: http://bit.ly/JYjjmF (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Rob Blair), Autumn colors at Goodyear Heights Metro Park (2077 Newton St., Akron), taken at the start of last Saturday's Fall Family Outing: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-GYH, Saturday night's sunset at Springfield Bog Metro Park (1400 Portage Line Rd., Springfield Twp.): http://bitly.com/MPSSC-SFB, Here's another example of your levy dollars at work: Silver Creek Metro Park's newly painted barn, a part of which dates back to the Civil War. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-SC, These asters were spotted over the weekend at Springfield Bog Metro Park (1400 Portage Line Rd., Springfield Twp.)., Nice shot of the Cuyahoga River, from the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley, Autumn colors at the Nature Realm, from volunteer photographer Robert George, Home from school or work on this Columbus Day? The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), which is closed most Mondays, is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. for today's holiday. http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FASN, Soon, people will be ice skating here. For now, we'll enjoy the morning fog and fall colors at the Towpath Trail's Big Bend Trailhead, from volunteers Alan and Debbie Casanova., The Rock & Herb Garden at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), shot by volunteer Bob Roach, Last night's Fall Family Outing, after sunset, at Goodyear Heights Metro Park ... Join us next week for more FFO fun at Silver Creek: http://on.fb.me/Q5HsZM, Cheeks the chipmunk, making friends last night at our Fall Family Outing at Goodyear Heights Metro Park, More than 3,000 people enjoyed last night's free hayrides, refreshments and more at Goodyear Heights Metro Park. Join us next week at Silver Creek Metro Park in Norton! http://on.fb.me/Q5HsZM, Autumn colors at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), from Metro Parks volunteer Robert George, Wouldn't this make an outstanding (and incredibly difficult) puzzle? Volunteer Robert George sent the photo Wednesday. It was taken at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron)., Why did the wild turkey cross the road? (Photo taken in Sand Run Metro Park, 12:25 p.m.), The midland painted turtle (pictured) will soon enter hibernation, where it will remain until March. “It survives by being buried in the oxygen-poor mud at the bottom of ponds, lakes or canals, slowing its energy-producing body processes,” Naturalist Mike Greene said. Amazingly, as lactic acid builds up in its body during this time, the turtle’s shell and skeleton will absorb and buffer the acid. (Photo by Metro Parks volunteer Jerry Cannon), Ever see a green heron? Here's a detailed close-up of one spotted at the Nature Realm recently by volunteer Bob Roach. Learn more here, from All About Birds: http://bit.ly/T90kLd, This towpath snapper was photographed by volunteer Rob Vaughn, who was with his daughter at the time. "We've never seen a snapper this close!" he emailed. Have you?, It's not an illusion, it's just awesome. Check out this great blue heron image from volunteer Bob Roach., "I think this shot sums up the sky this morning," emailed volunteer Rob Blair. He photographed it at Munroe Falls Metro Park (521 S. River Rd., Munroe Falls)., New program: Earn hiking spree credit tomorrow!, Park visitor John Jones shared this image from his family's weekend hike at Liberty Park. They not only earned Fall Hiking Spree credit, but his son found this cool snake skin!, There's no debating this: Volunteer Kevin Lanterman took a GREAT photo tonight from the Tallmadge Meadows Area in Munroe Falls Metro Park., Male Cardinals usually stand out against green leaves or white snow. Sand Run Metro Park's beautiful fall leaves made this guy a little harder to spot!, It's time to play "Guess the Spot!" Do you know where we took this photo?, It was luck, really. That's how we spotted this brown creeper yesterday outside our administrative offices in Sand Run. Do you see it? Learn more about the bird here, from All About Birds: http://bit.ly/PTPFQP, Our latest "Trail of the Week" video during the 2012 Fall Hiking Spree:, Echo Pond at the Nature Realm, photographed over the weekend by volunteer Bob Roach: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FASN, "Just got back from Hampton Hills looking for caterpillars. Nothing but grasshoppers and bees," emailed volunteer Bob Roach yesterday afternoon. "Here's an image with some early fall color taken at the parking lot at the top." http://bitly.com/MPSSC-HH, Congratulations to everyone who participated in the 10th running of the Akron Marathon! We hope you enjoyed the course on the Towpath Trail and in Sand Run Metro Park., Go, runners! We have two employee-volunteer relay teams and two half-marathon runners in this morning's Akron Marathon. Watch for this shirt along the blue line and cheer on the Metro Parks!, Sand Run Parkway is closed to prepare for the Akron Marathon. Some of the Towpath Trail closes tomorrow. Get details here: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Alerts, Did you see our ad in today's special Akron Marathon section in the Beacon Journal?, Alerts: Be advised of Towpath Trail and Sand Run Metro Park closures for the Akron Marathon. Details here: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Alerts, New video! You'll want to run to your nearest Metro Park immediately., About 6 miles of Saturday's Akron Marathon will travel through areas managed by Metro Parks. The park district's mascot, Metro Leaf, will be cheering on runners along Sand Run Parkway. Will we see you out on the course?, Fall Hiking Spree shields, 1965-2011, Our latest "Trail of the Week" video during the 2012 Fall Hiking Spree!, Don't let the snappers get you at work today. (Photo by volunteer Doug Dawes, shot last week on the Bike & Hike Trail.), "Nice walk on the Towpath and Schumacher and Overlook trails this morning," volunteer Joe Prekop emailed at 9:55 a.m. (so you know he went out VERY early). Here's a photo he captured of some early fall color., Beautiful blue-sky look at the Indian Signal Tree in Cascade Valley (837 Cuyahoga St., Akron), from volunteer Joe Prekop: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-CVS, In case you missed it: Another new and cool video from this week ..., Did you see this new video from earlier in the week?, It's the first day of fall, and a great time to remind you of the 49th annual Fall Hiking Spree. Here's a look at all of the shields through last year. (Shields weren't rewarded the first year, in 1964.) http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FHS2012, "Do you have a runny nose, sore throat and itchy eyes? The culprit might be pollen released from common ragweed," explains Naturalist Danette Rushboldt. "Warmth, humidity and breezes after sunrise help to release the pollen beginning in late summer. Ragweed will continue to release pollen until frost kills the plant.", Here is a gorgeous photo of a painted lady butterfly from volunteer Bob Roach. This species is raised in many preschool and elementary classrooms to demonstrate the life cycle of a butterfly., Cheeks the chipmunk enjoyed meeting this hiking group at Firestone Metro Park last night. Look for Cheeks at Furnace Run Metro Park next month: http://bit.ly/OLUXeo, Naturalist Dave Brumfield recently spotted these jack-o'-lantern mushrooms in Gorge Metro Park (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls). These bright orange, gilled mushrooms grow from late summer into fall in woodland areas. Look for them on decaying stumps, buried roots or at the base of hardwood trees, especially oaks. In low light conditions their gills will glow in the dark!, Do you enjoy questing? Two new quests are now available at Furnace Run Metro Park in Richfield!, Enjoy!, Spend your lunch break wishing you were here doing this., More coverage of our bat discovery ..., We announced it this morning, but in case you missed it here on Facebook ..., Do you have winter traditions in the Metro Parks? (Examples: Your kids use the same sledding hill that you did as a child. You hike every New Year's Day. Or, you enjoy a snowy picnic after ice skating.) TELL US! If you have photos, you could be featured in the winter issue of our Green Islands Magazine. Go here and complete the Contact Us form: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Contact, Our fourth "Trail of the Week" video is a look at the Parcours Trail in Goodyear Heights Metro Park., How's this for timely? Volunteer Joe Prekop emailed a photo of TODAY's sunrise, shot from the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley (354 Sackett Ave., Akron)., Are you ready for some football? These buzzards look ready. Volunteer Doug Dawes recently spotted them doing the wave above the Tallmadge Meadows Area (1088 North Ave., Tallmadge) in Munroe Falls Metro Park., Watch our third "Trail of the Week" video in advance of hiking Schumacher Trail for spree credit. A new video is uploaded to YouTube every Monday!, First month of the 49th annual Fall Hiking Spree is half over? Enjoy cooler temps this weekend and hit the trails! Learn more here: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FHS2012, "Sometimes plain looking moths can be beautiful caterpillars," explains Naturalist Pat Rydquist. "A good example is the Smeared Dagger Moth, also known as the smartweed caterpillar. You might find this caterpillar in your back yard if there is a moist area. Look but don't touch because the hairs on the caterpillar may be irritating." This example was photographed by volunteer Doug Dawes in wetlands near Clinton., These wild turkeys were spotted in Sand Run Metro Park a few hours ago. Have you ever had the good fortune to see these handsome birds out in the Metro Parks?, Tomorrow afternoon, celebrate the natural beauty and incredible history of the Gorge by hiking the 1.8-mile Glens Trail with a naturalist. Details here: http://bit.ly/OMDPq1, It's our third Fall Hiking Spree-inspired video of the season!, Caption Contest: What is this praying mantis saying? (Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon), We posted this image on Flag Day, but it's worth sharing again today. Where were you on 9/11/01?, It's pretty, but Japanese knotweed (photographed by volunteer Joe Prekop) is invasive. "It grows in many of our Metro Parks," Naturalist Meghan Doran said, "and it takes over a lot of our native wildflowers." It mostly grows in areas that have already been disturbed; it can be found along several stretches of the Towpath Trail, for example. Added Doran: "It creates monocultures, and has roots that reach down six feet. The rhizomes can grow up to 10 feet per year!", Looking for something FREE and INDOORS today? How about the visitors center at the Nature Realm! http://bitly.com/MPSSC-FASN, Volunteer Doug Dawes calls this one "Got Milk?", Interacting with a snake, The auditorium was very busy., Crafts, Box turtle, Metro Leaf, Painted Turtle, More crafts ... the bottles were noisemakers., Breaking News: Today is your last chance to visit the Metro Parks in 2011., Another favorite album of 2011: Here volunteer photographer Doug Dawes captures the elusive Virginia rail., We started the day with a favorite album of 2011 from volunteer Joe Prekop, and that's how we'll end it, with another., null, null, null, null, null, A Facebook fan sent this photo of his kids, Claire and Peter, standing in front of the Indian Signal Tree in Cascade Valley. Dad emailed: "We love the Metro Parks!" You, too, can send pictures to marketing@summitmetroparks.org or post them on our wall., We begin the morning with another favorite album of 2011, and it's another from volunteer photographer Joe Prekop., This short video highlights some of the beautiful winter birds found in your Metro Parks. We also offer birding programs for all ages in January: http://bit.ly/tsjmSb, Now if only we could get enough snow and ice to really enjoy these winter sports. Maybe in 2012., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon captured the transformation of the monarch butterfly in this album, another one of our favorites of 2011., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Here's another favorite album of 2011 ... Hard to believe the year is almost over., Pick up your FREE 2012 Metro Parks desktop calendar at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) or our administrative offices (975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron)., null, WILD CUCUMBER, MILKWEED, null, null, REFLECTION IN THE BIG BEND AREA SKATING POND, null, BITTERSWEET, BLACKBERRY LEAVES, MALE CARDINAL, null, null, null, We "recycle" trees, cleaned of all decorations and tinsel, by chipping them into mulch. You may drop off your live tree at the following locations through January 31:
- Firestone Metro Park / Little Turtle Pond
- Furnace Run Metro Park / Brushwood Area
- Goodyear Heights Metro Park / Main Entrance
- Sand Run Metro Park / Treaty Line Area
- Silver Creek Metro Park / Big Oak Area, The visitors center at the Nature Realm, normally closed Mondays, is open today until 5 p.m., "Bullseye", American Tree Sparrow, Cedar Waxwings, Hairy Woodpecker, Red-winged Blackbirds, null, As we inch closer to 2012, we look back at another favorite album of 2011., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, December 23 and STILL no winter sports. Well, we'll be ready when Mother Nature is., null, null, null, null, Here's another favorite album of 2011. This one features several great shots of the species that inspired the creators of Woody Woodpecker., null, null, null, FEMALE CARDINAL - Photographed by volunteer Jerry Cannon and illustrated by Kari Fry, DOWNY WOODPECKER - Photographed by volunteer Jerry Cannon and illustrated by Kari Fry, Northern Cardinal (male), Red-bellied Woodpecker, Rusty Blackbird, Tufted Titmouse, Downy Woodpecker, Northern Cardinal (female), Rusty Blackbird, Tufted Titmouse, Northern Cardinal (female), They're not native to Ohio, but definitely seasonally relevant!, Another day, another favorite album of 2011. We liked Doug's theme here. Keeping cool wouldn't be a problem today, though staying dry would be., One of our favorite albums of 2011 featured photos from our remote wildlife cameras. Unsuspecting coyotes were captured stretching, hunting and answering nature's call., NORTHERN CARDINAL, YELLOW-RUMPED WARBLER, NORTHERN CARDINAL, NORTHERN FLICKER, AMERICAN GOLDFINCH, RED-TAILED HAWK, NORTHERN CARDINAL, RED-SHOULDERED HAWK, RED-SHOULDERED HAWK, RED-SHOULDERED HAWK, DARK-EYED JUNCO, GOLDEN-CROWNED KINGLET, As the year draws to a close, we look back on some of our favorite photos of 2011. This fantastic album from volunteer Joe Prekop captured the otherworldly beauty of the Cuyahoga River in late winter., BEAVER, BEAVER, null, HAWK, HAWK, CHICKADEE, MALLARD DUCKS, null, null, What bird wouldn't like these tasty treats?, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, You've probably seen our popular "Take a Hike!" and "Explore!" license plate frames on many local vehicles. Pick up a FREE frame for your car at two locations:

Administrative Offices: 975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron, 44313. Regular office hours are 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Monday through Friday.

Nature Realm Visitors Center: 1828 Smith Rd., Akron, 44313. Check our website for hours: http://bit.ly/dfG2DH, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Check out the detail on this photograph of a female northern cardinal, shot in Firestone Metro Park by volunteer Jerry Cannon. Did you know the cardinal is our state bird? http://bit.ly/vn0Smj, Rusty Blackbirds are one of North America’s most rapidly declining species. Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon was fortunate to spot this one in Firestone Metro Park. Learn more about Rusty Blackbirds here: http://bit.ly/rBt2QP, Do you feed wild birds? More than 55 million Americans do! The Cornell Lab of Ornithology has some great winter bird-feeding tips on their website., Our chief of rangers recently returned from a three-month deployment overseas, and today he presented this Metro Parks flag (which was flown on a mission in Iraq) to the Board of Park Commissioners. It will now hang in the board room in our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park., Pick up your FREE 2012 Metro Parks desktop calendar at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) or our administrative offices (975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron)., Photo by Joe Prekop, Photo by Joe Prekop, Photo by Joe Prekop, Photo by Joe Prekop, Photo by Jerry Cannon, Photo by Jerry Cannon, Photo by Jerry Cannon, Photo by Jerry Cannon, Photo by Jerry Cannon, Photo by Joe Prekop, Photo by Joe Prekop, Photo by Joe Prekop, Photo by Joe Prekop, null, null, Bald Eagle, White-throated Sparrow, Blue Jay, Canada Geese, Black-capped Chickadee, null, Sunset over the park, Red-tail Hawk, Red-tail Hawks, Starlings, White-tailed Deer, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Are you looking for a unique gift for a Summit County history buff? Our new 90-year history book is available on Amazon and will still ship in time for the holidays!, Eastern Screech Owl, Great Horned Owl, null, null, null, null, Are you curious about the traces of Summit County's past found in Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park? Watch this YouTube video to learn more about the park's rich history., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Ice forming on Alder Pond, null, The Piney Woods, null, null, Alder Pond, Panoramic view of Alder Pond, Did anyone see how BIG and yellow the moon was this morning? Anyone get a picture?, null, null, null, null, null, RUSTY BLACKBIRD, HOUSE FINCH, NUTHATCH, TUFTED TITMOUSE, DOWNY WOODPECKER, RED-BELLIED WOODPECKER, BLUE JAY, MALLARDS, CARDINAL, Another album from December 8 of last year ... Look at that snow!, The new issue of Green Islands is now available on our website! Learn about the amusement parks that attracted large crowds to the Gorge in the late 1800s and early 1900s., Know a graphic design student at UA or KSU? We have a paid internship for spring semester posted on their respective Career Services sites., We posted this album on December 8 last year, and there was snow on the ground. Don't look now, but it's right around the corner., Skating at Big Bend? All we need is a good freeze. (Photo taken today in Sand Run Metro Park by volunteer Joe Prekop), All 15 videos from our Fall 2011 "Trail of the Week" series are collected here for your viewing pleasure!, null, null, null, Trail and road closures, flooding updates and more are listed here. Bookmark the page! http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Alerts, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Great Facebook page, or GREATEST Facebook page? Share it with your friends and help us reach 7,000 likes!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, RED-TAILED HAWK, RED-TAILED HAWK, null, null, null, CEDAR WAXWINGS, Volunteer photographer Joe Prekop recently added things up: 14,159. That's how many images he has taken in the Metro Parks since 2004! Here's one from earlier this year, shot in Cascade Valley., Can you guess how many stairs there are in this section of the Adam Run Trail in Hampton Hills Metro Park?, Enjoy images from the park district on your PC, Mac, Droid, Palm, iPhone, iPod, iPad or PSP. Download the size that's right for you, and then use the image as your desktop or background., CARDINAL, BLUE JAY, CHICKADEE, TITMOUSE, MALLARDS, RED-BELLIED WOODPECKER, TITMOUSE, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, This morning's sunrise, taken from our headquarters in Sand Run Metro Park ..., null, null, null, null, null, null, The 1-mile Old Mill Trail travels through beech-maple woods and along a restored stream. Watch this "Trail of the Week" video to learn more!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, The Fall Hiking Spree ended today, four days after volunteers helped attach 671 shields to hiking staffs in just three hours at the Nature Realm. Volunteer Bill Barnes emailed afterwards, saying, "The hiking  spree may be the best program in the states or the world!", null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Song Sparrow, Downy Woodpecker, null, Red-tailed Hawk, Red-tailed Hawk, Snow? No problem! There are plenty of fun winter activities in your Metro Parks. Bundle up for winter sports or choose from over 30 free programs in December: http://bit.ly/sBTpxk, Read about the progress of the Towpath Trail. Summit County will soon become the first county to have finished the trail from border to border., (photo by Denny Reiser), (photo by Denny Reiser), Bike Patrol volunteers (photo by Denny Reiser), A look at the new stretch of trail in downtown Akron (photo by Denny Reiser), A look at the new stretch of trail downtown (photo by Denny Reiser), null, null, null, null, null, null, null, We wrap up our "Trail of the Week" video series with a visit to the Old Mill Trail at Furnace Run Metro Park. Look for more trail videos in 2012!, null, Bike Patrol volunteers with Metro Leaf, View of the Bike Patrol, taken from the Metro Parks van, null, null, null, Did you know we also maintain a very active Twitter account? Follow @metro_parks for alerts, winter sports updates, discussions and more!, Many Fall Hiking Spree participants choose the Seneca Trail for their final hike so they can claim their staff and shield at the Nature Realm visitors center., Flying Squirrel, Flying Squirrel, Hoary Bat, Northern Long-eared Bat, Screech Owl, Silver-haired Bat, Big Brown Bat, null, Sandstone close-up, Sandstone close-up, Water drops, Here are 16 reasons to skip Black Friday: 1) Bike & Hike Trail; 2) Towpath Trail; 3) Cascade Valley; 4) Deep Lock Quarry; 5) F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm; 6) Firestone; 7) Furnace Run; 8) Goodyear Heights; 9) Gorge; 10) Hampton Hills; 11) Liberty Park; 12) Munroe Falls; 13) O'Neil Woods; 14) Sand Run; 15) Silver Creek; 16) Springfield Bog, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, The visitors center at the Nature Realm is closed today for Thanksgiving. Enjoy your holiday, and then come see us tomorrow., On this Thanksgiving Eve we say THANK YOU to our many wonderful volunteers. And here are two worth celebrating: John Irvine and Liz Wendling were recently recognized as “Star Volunteers” during a meeting of the Board of Park Commissioners. Wendling began volunteering in 1999 and has over 1,000 hours of service. Irvine, a volunteer for 13 years, passed 3,000 hours of service in October. Congrats to both!, Looking for a fun way to entertain out-of-town guests this holiday weekend? Your Metro Parks are a great destination for people of all ages! Click the link to find a park or multi-purpose trail close to home., This buck was spotted on Tuesday near our administrative offices In Sand Run Metro Park. Deer mating season begins in November. Males chase females relentlessly - sometimes across busy roads - so be careful when driving through the Metro Parks., Look for Metro Leaf and our Bike Patrol in the Welcome Santa Parade on Saturday, Nov. 26 at 11 a.m. in downtown Akron., We mail our publications to Summit County residents for FREE. Sign up here for our Programs & Events Guide, Green Islands Magazine and e-newsletter: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/contactus.aspx, Volunteers have signed hiking forms at select parks during the Fall Hiking Spree, including Sand Run (pictured) this past weekend. Just a few more days remain: http://bit.ly/cIxobu, Facebook fan Dean Schultz just posted his total mileage for the 2011 biking season: 1,300 miles in the Metro Parks and a staggering 1,500 miles overall! Would any other fans like to share their biking or hiking mileage for the year?, The Nature Realm, a special-use area that has been set aside for the study and enjoyment of nature, is featured in our new "Trail of the Week" video., Northern Cardinal (female), Northern Cardinal (female), High water, Northern Cardinal (male), Mallards in duckweed, Santa and helpers cut the ribbon ... Metro Leaf and Cheeks the chipmunk are just out of view., null, null, null, null, null, Bill Considine, President and CEO of Akron Children's Hospital, with Metro Leaf, News about the Bike & Hike Trail: The realigned section isn't open (yet)., The Smith-Riverview roundabout is now open in the Merriman Valley, so accessing the Nature Realm is easier., Great blue heron, Mallards, There are more than 800 images in our Flickr group. Enjoy the Metro Parks through the eyes of talented local photographers!, Only 12 days remain in the 48th Fall Hiking Spree! Be sure to finish those last few hikes by Nov. 30. For inspiration, here is a collection of every shield from 1965 to 2011., Visitors Center - 1989, Beekeeper - 1986, null, null, Nature Walk - 1985, null, Bird display at the visitors center - 1987, null, null, Snake mustache? - 1983, Visitors Center - 1984, Swim season begins in 191 days!, null, American chestnut burr, Leaf from the American Chestnut, Raccoon tracks, Naturalist Mike Greene points out teasel, now called thistle, formerly used to "tease" or comb wool., Leaf and fruit from a cucumber tree, A complete, opened chestnut burr, Naturalist Mike Greene explains that beech trees form eyes when they lose branches., Naturalist Mike Greene points out the fur on the branch of a sumac, which is why they call it the Staghorn sumac., The view of the County Home cemetery from the Meadow Trail, Stopping by one of the big beech trees, The wet woods, just before the Meadow Trail spills out into the field.,  Naturalist Sarah Matheny shares interesting nature and history facts during this stroll along the 2-mile Chippewa Trail., The historic Civil War-era barn, with new siding, which will be stained dark red next year., The Lake, Black-capped Chickadee, Prairie Trail, Eastern Bluebird, The Prairie, Eastern Bluebirds, The Prairie, null, null, null, null, null, null, Inside Glacier Cave, looking out, Inside Glacier Cave, looking up, Did You Know? We're building a trail that will connect Akron and Kent., Story about northern monkshood in the Gorge ..., Turkey facts from Audubon Magazine ..., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, A flock of wild turkeys visited our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park this afternoon., Naturalist Sarah Matheny is your guide along the 2-mile Chippewa Trail. Enjoy your hike!, null, Volunteers attached hiking spree shields for free. Another assistance event is scheduled for Nov. 26 from 1 to 4 p.m., Lots of traffic at the visitors center!, null, This hiker was proud to be pictured in the history book as one of the original Fall Hiking Spree participants!, null, Author Sarah Vradenburg signs copies of her book "Steps in Time: Ninety Years of Metro Parks, Serving Summit County.", null, Volunteer Nancy Reinhart proudly displays her photo in the Metro Parks history book. Nancy is pictured with her husband and son during the 1968 Fall Hiking Spree., null, Check out all of those Fall Hiking Spree shields!, Elizabeth Seiberling, widow of Congressman John F. Seiberling, with author Sarah Vradenburg. Mrs. Seiberling was pleased to see a photo of her husband riding his bike during the dedication of the Bike & Hike Trail in 1972., null, null, null, The "Zombie" runners started the morning at Munroe Falls Metro Park., Check out the chicken costume!, FREE GIFT WRAPPING? It happens today at the Nature Realm, open noon to 5 p.m. Visitors receive 15% OFF all purchases, too. But remember: Due to construction at the intersection of Smith and Riverview roads in the Merriman Valley, only traffic traveling eastbound on Smith from Sand Run Road can reach the park., Story about our new history book in yesterday's Beacon ..., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, In case you missed it this morning ... On this Veterans Day, we proudly post this image (taken just last week) of our chief of rangers holding the Metro Parks flag in Southwest Asia. He was deployed overseas in September with the Air Force Reserves. The two airmen holding the U.S. flag are also from Summit County, Ohio. We're proud of all three and thank them for their service to our country., Have you seen our video for the current Trail of the Week?, On this Veterans Day, we proudly post this image (taken just last week) of our chief of rangers holding the Metro Parks flag in Southwest Asia. He was deployed overseas in September with the Air Force Reserves. The two airmen holding the U.S. flag are also from Summit County, Ohio. We're proud of all three and thank them for their service to our country., Here's a photo from our controlled burn on Tuesday at Firestone Metro Park. You can also view a YouTube video about the project here: http://youtu.be/I2hkbb_OqSw, Sumac, null, null, Getting closer. Help us reach 7,000 likes by sharing this page with your friends., Redwing Trail was closed yesterday so we could do this ..., null, First-year Peregrine Falcon, First-year Peregrine Falcon, null, White-throated Sparrow, White-tailed Deer, Silver Creek paving begins today. So does limited access to the Nature Realm. Check out our Alerts page for details: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Alerts, null, Gray Squirrel Nest, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Red-tailed Hawk, The moon: not quite full (that's Thursday), but it sure is bright tonight., A reminder from Fox 8 ... The closure at Riverview and Smith roads begins tomorrow., Did anyone sneak out for a lunchtime hike today? Leaving work early to enjoy the weather?, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Slug & Eggs, The ledges are covered by a "living skin" of mosses, ferns and lichens., null, Hornet, null, null, null, Redback Salamander (Lead Phase), Redback Salamander, The view from inside Glacier Cave, looking out toward the trail, Our 90-year history book is now available at the Nature Realm gift shop. The author will sign copies this Saturday. Learn more here ..., The Chippewa Trail, View our new "Trail of the Week" video! Naturalist Sarah Putnam is our guide for the 1.4-mile Alder Trail at Goodyear Heights Metro Park, 550 Frazier Ave., Akron., Beginning Wednesday, access to the Nature Realm will be limited for at least six days due to roundabout construction at the intersection of Smith and Riverview roads. Only traffic traveling eastbound on Smith from the intersection of Smith and Sand Run roads will be able to reach the park., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Great Facebook page, or GREATEST Facebook page? Help us reach 7,000 likes! Share this page with your friends., Story about the new Ledges Trail in Liberty Park ... Have you visited yet?, Did you remember to "fall back" and change your clocks?, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, What's wrong with this photo of runners on the Towpath Trail from today's Beacon Journal? We'll post the answer later tonight ..., Blue sky, crisp air, warm sun ... What's not to like this afternoon?, The Quarry - 1969, The Quarry - 1961, The Lock - 1964, The Entrance - 1964, Tools unearthed at the Quarry - 1964, Bert Szabo's model for the entrance sign - 1966, Construction of the entrance sign - 1966, The completed entrance sign - 1966, The Quarry - 1962, The Lock - 1964, The Quarry - 1969, Submissions accepted through Sunday! Call the Nature Realm for details: 330-865-8065., null, null, Are you going to take advantage of the sunny weekend weather to complete another Fall Hiking Spree trail (or two)? The Dogwood Trail is a great choice for hikers who are looking for a challenge!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, The 50-acre lake at Silver Creek Metro Park in Norton is a great place to enjoy Ohio's beautiful fall colors., The science club from Wadsworth High School completed the Fall Hiking Spree in one day! This group photo was taken after their final hike at the Nature Realm. Congratulations!, null, null, null, null, null, null, Here's another autumn look at Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park (we posted a few this morning), this time from volunteer Joe Prekop., null, Little Turtle Pond, Little Turtle Pond, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Our new "Trail of the Week" video takes us to Sand Run Metro Park for a hike along the 1.8-mile Dogwood Trail with Naturalist David Brumfield., Our 90-year history book is now available at the Nature Realm gift shop. The author will sign copies 11/12. Learn more here ..., The Indian Signal Tree in Cascade Valley, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, These little hikers earned their first shields, too., Ghost hammer?, Our volunteers are very dedicated., These little hikers earned their first hiking shields!, null, null, Snow hit the Northeast hard this weekend. When do you think we'll see our first snow?, Asian Lady Beetle, Differential Grasshopper, Short-winged Meadow Katydid, Wooly Bear, Wooly Bear, Zebra Caterpillar, Asian Lady Beetle, Take a "virtual" hike along the 1.6-mile Spring Hollow Trail with Naturalist David Brumfield. This is one of the park district's most demanding hikes., Showing off her scrapbook, null, null, Pictured in the scrapbook: Gladys carrying hiking staffs from the main office (at the time in Goodyear Heights Metro Park) for her science students in 1967. The former teacher led more than 100 students on the spree that year, the first time she completed it herself., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Near the intersection with Sand Run Road, looking east, Near the intersection with Merriman Road, Sand Run, shot from the bridge to Mingo Pavilion, The ford, Sand Run near the ford, looking east on the north side of the parkway, After the ford, heading west, On the south side of the parkway, as it winds closer to Sand Run Road, Near the intersection with Sand Run Road, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, John Seiberling, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Join Carl "Big Daddy" Bachtel for a trip along the new Ledges Trail at Liberty Park in Twinsburg., Akron dedicated its final section of the Towpath Trail this morning at Bartges Street. Pictured (L-R) are Catey Breck, representing Congresswoman Betty Sutton; Chris Cupples of Congressman Tim Ryan's office; George Brown, representing Senator Rob Portman; Dan Rice, President of the Ohio & Erie Canalway Coalition; Keith Shy, Director-Secretary of Metro Parks, Serving Summit County; Metro Parks Commissioner Frances Buchholzer; Akron Mayor Don Plusquellic; Metro Parks Commissioner and Board Chair Carol Curtis; Deputy Superintendent Paul Stoehr of Cuyahoga Valley National Park; and Jason Segedy, Director of AMATS., null, null, Cutting the ribbon are: Director-Secretary Keith Shy, Commissioner Rollie Bauer, Board Chair Carol Curtis, Commissioner Fran Buchholzer and Twinsburg Mayor Katherine Procop., With a proclamation from the city: Director-Secretary Keith Shy, Commissioner Rollie Bauer, Board Chair Carol Curtis, Commissioner Fran Buchholzer and Twinsburg Mayor Katherine Procop., Bert Szabo, our first naturalist, was one of the first to enjoy the new trail., Story and video from Twinsburg Patch about yesterday's opening of the Ledges Trail in Liberty Park., Nice story in today's Beacon Journal about the Ledges Trail, which opened yesterday., null, null, The Mustill Store, null, null, The Ledges Trail opens at 11 a.m. this morning, following a brief ribbon-cutting ceremony., Our new "Trail of the Week" video takes us to Hampton Hills Metro Park for the 1.6-mile Spring Hollow Trail. One of the park district's most demanding hikes, this trail travels through ravines and over streams., The Overlook Trail, 354 Sackett Ave., Akron, offers one of the best local spots for viewing fall foliage. Click the link to view a 180 degree panorama captured this afternoon from the Overlook Deck., Do you like to plan ahead? All of our November and December programs are now posted on our website., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Cuyahoga River and Overlook Deck as seen from the High Level Bridge., Cuyahoga River, null, Overlook Deck, Robin, null, null, Time is running out to submit your photos for this exhibit!, A 48-year hiking spree participant was interviewed for this story. Did you see it?, null, null, null, Stop by the Metro Parks table today/tonight at Boo at the Akron Zoo! http://www.akronzoo.org/news/events.asp?Evtid=246, The Ledges Trail at Liberty Park in Twinsburg opens on Tuesday, October 25. Here's a sneak peek of this stunning new trail!, null, Differential Grasshopper, Painted Turtle, Ruby Meadowhawk Dragonfly, Smallmouth Salamander, Wooly Bear, Black walnuts floating in the canal, Box Elder Bugs, Cabbage White Butterfly, We have more weather-related closures. Get the latest here: http://bitly.com/MPSSC-Alerts, The ford on Sand Run Parkway - 1929, Outhouse - 1929, Construction of Sand Run Parkway - 1929, Girl Scout tree planting project - 1929, Old Portage Shelter - 1929, Construction of Sand Run Parkway - 1929, Construction of Sand Run Parkway - 1929, Merriman Rd. hill with packing house in background - 1929, Courtney Park boulder - 1925, Construction of Sand Run Parkway - 1929, Bridle Trail - 1927, Sand Run Gully - 1927, Trunk sewer through the valley - 1929, CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS: Show off your photographs at the Nature Realm. Entry deadline is 11/6! Follow the link to learn more., null, null, null, null, null, null, Photo by volunteer Linda Needham, Photo by volunteer Linda Needham, Photo by volunteer Linda Needham, Photo by volunteer Linda Needham, Photo by volunteer Linda Needham, Photo by volunteer Linda Needham, null, null, null, null, Several trails are closed temporarily due to flooding. Check our "Alerts" page for the latest updates., null, null, null, null, null, FEMALE YELLOW-RUMPED WARBLER, SWAINSON'S THRUSH, Halloween is less than two weeks away! We have some fun programs planned for boys and ghouls of all ages.
- Family Halloween & Pumpkin Carving: http://bit.ly/piRgPt
- Owl Prowl: http://bit.ly/r2vvo6
- Trunk or Treat!: http://bit.ly/oFduOH
- Halloween Bike Ride: http://bit.ly/mXJ8q6
- Halloween Hike & Campfire: http://bit.ly/oUbOHQ, Today's blue skies might be the highlight of this week's weather. Click the link to view a 360 panorama of the sunshine and fall colors as seen from the Nature Realm's Seneca Deck this afternoon., Our new "Trail of the Week" video features a sneak peek of the Ledges Trail at Liberty Park. This trail will officially open on October 25., Anyone stop by the Metro Parks table at Boo at the Akron Zoo last night? We'll be there next Saturday, too., Have you seen our new "Trail of the Week" video? It highlights the Redwing Trail at Firestone Metro Park, 2620 Harrington Rd., Akron., null, Naturalist David Brumfield spotted this Red-shouldered hawk during a hike on Monday at O'Neil Woods Metro Park. This is perhaps the most vocal American hawk. Listen to its call here: http://bit.ly/r4BgPC, This certificate was the reward for completing the 1965 Fall Hiking Spree. And believe it or not, the owner of this certificate has completed EVERY Fall Hiking Spree since the event started in 1964!, We're worried that the predicted rain could bring down a lot of leaves. So while there's still time: Where have you seen incredible fall color?, Our new "Trail of the Week" video highlights the Redwing Trail at Firestone Metro Park, 2620 Harrington Rd., Akron., WKSU aired this story this morning about the northern monkshood plant in Gorge Metro Park., The visitors center at the Nature Realm, normally closed Mondays, will be open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. tomorrow, 10/10, for Columbus Day., We're just a few clicks away from 14,000 upload views on our YouTube channel! Have you seen this week's "Trail of the Week" video?, FYI: Our website is currently down for server upgrades. It should be back online in a few hours., Through October 31, Bike Aboard! allows cyclists to bike the Ohio & Erie Canal Towpath Trail in one direction and ride the train in the other. The fare is only $3 per cyclist., Our website will be offline tonight between 7 and midnight due to server upgrades. http://www.summitmetroparks.org, Have a safe start to the New Year. We want to see you in 2011, our 90th anniversary., Starting Monday, January 3, reservations of our pavilions and shelters will be possible up to one year in advance. http://bit.ly/MPSSC-12mo, DID YOU KNOW? Eastern bluebirds are year-round Ohio residents. Some do migrate, but your chances of seeing one increases (at least in some parts of the state) during mild winters. They're more common in southern and unglaciated Ohio counties, less common in central Ohio, and rare to uncommon in northern, west-central counties. Volunteer photographer Doug Dawes spotted this bluebird earlier in the week at our Pond Brook Conservation Area in Liberty Park in Twinsburg.

Naturalist Sarah Matheny said the species' diet consists of insects and berries, and its winter movements depend on the availability and quantity of berries in a given area. Having mealworms or small chunks of fruit available in a birdfeeder -- or planting native berry shrubs and trees -- are great ways to help eastern bluebird populations. Also, a heated birdbath is beneficial for all birds., All of our winter sports locations are now closed. You can thank the warm temps for that. http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Winter, The visitors center at the Nature Realm will be closed New Year's Day. http://bit.ly/MPSSC-FASN, Registration begins today at 10 a.m. for January's Kinderealm programs for ages 3 to 6. The first program is Friday, January 7. http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Programs, Coyotes text us. Learn how in today's Beacon Journal story about our coyote research program., Here's another recent image we posted in a Nature Realm album. Do you know what this is?, We posted this photo the other day in a Nature Realm album, and we wondered ... Can you I.D. it? Hint: It has a very seasonal name., Two local ladies plan to do multiple paintings of our parks over the next few years., We surpassed 5,500 "fans" over the weekend! Thanks for following us on Facebook., DID YOU KNOW? According to the current Crain's Cleveland Business, we're the second largest leisure attraction in the area -- ahead of Cedar Point, local zoos, Quicken Loans Arena and the Pro Football Hall of Fame, just to name a few. (The top spot goes to our friends at Cleveland Metroparks). In 2009 we had 4.9 million visits., It's almost 2011. Starting January 3, reservations of our pavilions and shelters will be possible up to one year in advance. http://bit.ly/MPSSC-12mo, It's not too late. While they last, get your FREE 2011 desk calendar at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. (The visitors center will be closed Christmas Day and New Year's Day.), Just a heads up: The visitors center at the Nature Realm will be closed Christmas Day., Now that the winter solstice is behind us, the days only get longer from here., Hey, check out Frosty at the Mustill Store. (Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop), The answer to Sunday's "Guess the Park!" album is ... Munroe Falls / Indian Spring Trail. Did you get it?, Get winter sports updates via Twitter and by calling our seasonal info line: 330-865-8060. New info this morning!, Have you been sledding in the Metro Parks?, Looking for last-minute holiday gifts? Check out the gift shop at the Nature Realm., Have you heard? Reservations of our pavilions and shelters will be possible up to one year in advance starting in January. http://bit.ly/MPSSC-12mo, Get winter sports updates via Twitter and by calling our seasonal info line: 330-865-8060. New info this morning!, DID YOU KNOW? Deep Lock Quarry is home to more Ohio buckeye trees than any other Metro Park in Summit County., We still have a few more. While they last, get your FREE 2011 desk calendar at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday., DID YOU KNOW? Woody Woodpecker was modeled after our largest woodpecker, the pileated. Follow the ODNR link to hear one., Tonight's "After the Storm" program, scheduled for 7 at the Nature Realm, has been cancelled due to illness., DID YOU KNOW? In winter, spring peepers hide under leaf litter and nearly freeze solid. Bullfrogs hide in mud at the bottom of ponds and lakes, breathing through their skin until spring arrives., If you're not snowed in, our sled hills are open. http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Winter, DID YOU KNOW? The wood frog uses glucose in its blood as a sort of antifreeze, protecting vital organs from damage while the rest of the body freezes solid., Are you bracing for the storm, or looking forward to all the snow and winter sports to follow?, Did you hear? The Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley Metro Park reopened Wednesday., It's not too early to start thinking about your 2011 picnics and parties in the Metro Parks. Reservations of all pavilions and shelters will be possible up to one year in advance starting in January. Learn more here: http://bit.ly/MPSSC-12mo, While supplies last, get your FREE 2011 desk calendar at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. A few still remain ..., Great news to report: The Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley reopened today!, We've started a book club for nature lovers. The first two books are on sale now at the Nature Realm and available from your local library., Have you been sledding yet? All of our sled hills are open, and some are lighted for nighttime use. http://bit.ly/MPSSC-Winter, Wonder what's happening this month? Here is December's outdoor almanac: Winter creates a unique beauty in the Metro Parks, but also a harsh environment for critters. To survive, birds huddle together for warmth and look for high-energy food at feeders. Dark-eyed juncos and American tree sparrows, two species typically seen here only during winter, may be spotted among leafless trees. Look for coyote, fox (pictured, courtesy of ODNR) and rabbit tracks atop the snow., Volunteer photographer Jerry Cannon snapped this image of a red-tailed hawk at the Nature Realm last Friday. He had gone in hopes of seeing the juvenile red-shouldered hawk we've posted about here, but this red-tail swooped in., Get winter sports updates by calling 330-865-8060 and by following us on Twitter., The winter solstice is December 21, but winter weather is already here. Check out the digital version of this season's Programs & Events Guide. http://bit.ly/PEGuide, While supplies last, get your FREE 2011 desk calendar at the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. When they're gone, they're gone., Looking for unique holiday gifts? Stop in the gift shop at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm, and find the perfect item (or items) for your favorite nature lover., The Bridle Trail in Silver Creek Metro Park is closed west of Medina Line Road. The closure could last until the first week of February., The answer to yesterday's "Guess the Park!" album is Cascade Valley / Oxbow Trail. Did you guess correctly?, Another great bird photo from volunteer photographer Bob Roach, taken late last month … It begs the question: Do herons stick around all winter? Naturalist Pat Rydquist says about 60% of herons do stay because of open waters, where they can feed and bathe daily. This is especially true of the Cuyahoga and Tuscarawas rivers, which flow swiftly and keep areas ice-free. Most of our wintering herons have already found their private retreats. They will start vying for the best nest sites in February and March., Don't let the snow and cold keep you indoors. On your next trip to the Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), pick up a FREE 2011 desk calendar, available while supplies last. The visitors center is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday., Winter weather is here, and so is the season's Programs & Events Guide. Check out the digital version (or pick up a printed copy at a park kiosk near you): http://bit.ly/PEGuide, Volunteer photographer Bob Roach snapped this image of a house finch late last month at the Nature Realm. The natural range of this species was the southwestern part of the country, but it was once fashionable to keep these "Hollywood Finches" (as they came to be known) as pets. When owning them became illegal with the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, owners released them into the wild. Backyard birding has greatly expanded their range., Hey, what's this fluffy white stuff? Oh, right. Well, when conditions permit, get winter sports updates by calling 330-865-8065 and by following us on Twitter., The answer to last night's "Guess the Park!" photo album? Liberty Park in Twinsburg, specifically the Buttonbush Trail through the conservation area., Our DECEMBER desktop is available for download. Enjoy!, Getting closer to 5,500 "fans" by 12/1. That's Wednesday! Suggest us to your friends., During last Friday's "Hiking Spree Shield Assistance" at the Nature Realm, volunteers attached 429 shields to hiking staffs in just three hours! (We know what you're wondering, and yes, that was the last assistance program for 2010. However, we'll have a few more in spring as the final deadline nears to get your rewards.), Questing: Have you participated in this activity? We partnered with CVNP to offer questing this fall. New quests are coming ..., A question for subscribers to our Programs & Events Guide: Do you use the pullout calendar? To save on printing and postage, we're considering not including it in future mailed issues. Instead, it would be available online for download and for pickup at the Nature Realm., OK, so we didn't get to 5,500 "fans" by Thanksgiving, but we're close. And with your help we could get there by 12/1. Suggest us to your friends!, Get a FREE 2011 desk calendar on your next visit to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). Calendars are available while supplies last. The visitors center is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday., HAPPY THANKSGIVING! Ever wonder how wild turkeys differ from the bird on your table?
Wild turkeys are 3 to 4 feet tall and weigh up to 24 pounds. Farm-raised varieties can be twice as heavy, and their size leaves them without the ability to fly. Look for the wild fowl year-round in Sand Run, Cascade Valley, Hampton Hills and O'Neil Woods., The Big Oak Area entrance to Silver Creek Metro Park is closed part of today to remove hazard trees., 5,500 "fans" by Thanksgiving? We're getting closer! Suggest us to your friends., November is almost over, and our winter Programs & Events Guide is ready for download. Check out the digital version here: http://bit.ly/PEGuide, Look up. There's a full moon tonight., When it's time for sledding, skating and cross-country skiing, Twitter is where you'll find updates on winter sports conditions., Two hikes this afternoon are good for hiking spree credit. One is at Hampton Hills, the other is at Deep Lock. Check our site for details: http://www.summitmetroparks.org, Don't look now, but snow is in the extended forecast. Are you ready for it?, 5,500 "fans" by Thanksgiving? We're getting closer. Suggest us to your friends!, Pick up a FREE, yes FREE, 2011 desk calendar on your next visit to F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). Calendars are available while supplies last. The visitors center is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday., Volunteer photographer Bob Roach snapped these wood ducks Monday on Echo Pond at the Nature Realm. He said it was the first time he has seen wood ducks there., Wonder where the animals are as winter nears? Few actually hibernate. Some are napping, while others have migrated to warmer areas. Some have grown heavier fur coats or feathers to deal with the cold; activity levels and diets vary, too. Groundhogs are among the few mammals that truly hibernate., There's still plenty of November left to enjoy this month's download., 5,500 "fans" by Thanksgiving? Help us do it! Suggest us to your friends., Over the last two weeks, naturalists have spotted a juvenile red-shouldered hawk at the Nature Realm. Last Thursday, volunteer Doug Dawes took this, the first photograph of the bird. Red-shouldered hawks hunt from perches, dining on small mammals, birds and some reptiles and amphibians. Dawes said this one sat still for 20 minutes, just keeping watch., Commuting by bike is on the rise in Northeast Ohio. Have you biked to work?, Hikes at 2 and 7 today are good for Fall Hiking Spree credit. Check our site for details. http://www.summitmetroparks.org, A good reminder for this time of year ..., So we didn't fool anyone Wednesday when we posted this album. Everyone knew it was Firestone Metro Park. Thanks for playing. We'll do another "Guess the Park!" soon., Over the years, numerous veterans have volunteered and worked for the park district. Be sure to thank a veteran today for their service., Naturalists spotted a juvenile red-shouldered hawk at the Nature Realm today. It has been spotted quite often over the past week. Red-shouldered hawks are birds of prey that live in mature forests. They hunt from perches, dining on small mammals, birds and some reptiles and amphibians., Got a rain barrel? Now is the time to winterize it. Several visitors to the Nature Realm have asked how to do that in recent weeks, so here are some tips: Before a hard freeze, disconnect the downspout and return the downspout system to its original configuration, or extend the downspout away from your home's foundation with an old hose on the bottom spigot fitting. (This prevents the area from becoming a slushy swamp or ice hazard.) You'll also want to drain the rain barrel and turn it upside down so water doesn't freeze inside and cause damage. Store hoses and the mesh screen indoors. Another option is to remove the hardware or simply leave the spigot open so water drains out., Hard to imagine a better forecast for the second week of November: Highs in the 50s and 60s through Saturday with plenty of sun. How will you take advantage of it?, The answer to yesterday's "Guess the Park!" is ... The Dogwood Trail in Sand Run Metro Park. Thanks for playing. We'll do another one this week., You can now follow us on Twitter, too. When the snow flies (and sticks), it's where you'll find up-to-date winter sports info., Fall back ... Don't forget to change your clocks., "Gift Shop Appreciation Days" continue at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm. Get 10% off all purchases until 4:45 this afternoon and from noon to 4:45 p.m. tomorrow. The gift shop sells plush toys, children's books, field guides, sun catchers, greeting cards, jewelry and more., Light snowflakes are falling in Sand Run Metro Park. Are you ready for winter weather?, Registration begins this morning at 10 for November's Kinderealm programs. Children 3 to 6 will learn about American Indians. The first program is 11/9. Call 330-865-8065 to register. http://bit.ly/NOV2010-programs, This flock of turkeys was spotted this afternoon near the start of the Overlook Trail in Cascade Valley., The chilly start will give way to sun and blue skies today. Why not walk off that Halloween candy? Our trails are a real treat., Our November download is available., Cheeks the chipmunk may be hibernating for the season, but his real-life cousins are gathering nuts and seeds for the long months ahead. They dig burrows up to 30 feet long with three separate rooms: a bedroom, a kitchen (for storing nuts and seeds) and a bathroom (for, well, you know). Chipmunks sleep long periods, but they don't truly hibernate., What's happening outdoors this month? Here is November's OUTDOOR ALMANAC: Deer mating season ("the rut") begins. Males chase females relentlessly, sometimes across busy roads, so be careful when driving through the Metro Parks. At the Nature Realm and Silver Creek, milkweed pods open and the feathered seeds are whisked away by the wind. Beavers work overtime collecting food for storage. American Indians called this month's full moon the Beaver Moon, as the furry rodents were easily trapped this time of year to make warm winter pelts., Two months down, just one to go for the Fall Hiking Spree. Have you finished? How many hikes do you have left? http://tinyurl.com/FHS-2010, Have a happy and safe Halloween, from your friends at Metro Parks ... and all the wildlife that go bump in the night., Finish the Fall Hiking Spree? Get help attaching your new shield to your hiking staff today at the Nature Realm. http://tinyurl.com/Shield-103110, Give a listen: Audio tours highlight the unique history and natural features of select Fall Hiking Spree trails. Click on the audio icon (pictured) on our hiking spree page for details. http://tinyurl.com/FHS-2010, Just in time for Halloween: Learn about bats tonight with Naturalist Dee Casteel. The program is good for Fall Hiking Spree credit. http://tinyurl.com/Bats-103010, Today's forecast: Partly sunny, high of 60 and a 100% chance of fun if you do the Fall Hiking Spree. http://www.tinyurl.com/FHS-2010, Tomorrow morning, ages 6 to 8 uncover the truth about bats, owls and coyotes during this free program: http://tinyurl.com/Myths-103010, Spiders aren't that spooky. Naturalist Meghan Doran explains how they are beneficial in this video from Akron News Now: http://www.tinyurl.com/ANN-Spiders2010, Do you tweet? Follow us on Twitter! This winter, it's where you'll get daily updates about our winter sports areas., Congratulations to volunteers Doug and Suzie Dawes, Dave and Nancy Reinhart and Janet Wertz (not pictured), who received the park district's "Star Volunteer" award today during a meeting of the Board of Park Commissioners. The group has been assisting naturalists this year with the new Young Birders program, in which participants 8 and older learn bird identification and how to use binoculars in the field.

When asked why they volunteer, each of the recipients described seeing excitement in a child's face and the importance of teaching the next generation about the natural world., On Sunday afternoon, Naturalist Pat Rydquist heard a saw-whet owl on Fernwood Trail at the Nature Realm. They are so small (about 8 inches) and secretive that they were long considered rare. The migrants usually pass through to southern states, but they have been heard here in fall and winter. Learn more from ODNR: http://tinyurl.com/ODNR-Saw-whet, The sun is shining and the birds are singing. It's a beautiful fall day in the Metro Parks., Did you check off a spree trail or two over the weekend? If so, where did you go? (For more on the Fall Hiking Spree, go here: http://tinyurl.com/FHS-2010), Join us today at Boo at the Akron Zoo. http://www.akronzoo.org/news/events.asp?Evtid=242, Kids and their favorite puppets or stuffed animals earn hiking spree credit today at the Nature Realm. http://tinyurl.com/Puppets-102410, The PD listed Gorge Metro Park yesterday as one of four must-do autumn hikes in Northeast Ohio: http://tinyurl.com/PDstory-102210, It's a GREAT weekend for the Fall Hiking Spree. Check out one of two naturalist-led hikes today good for spree credit, listed on the bottom of our home page: http://www.summitmetroparks.org, It's going to be a beautiful, cool night to enjoy a full moon. Join us on the Seneca Deck tonight at the Nature Realm! http://tinyurl.com/Moon-102210, Guess the Tracks! Yesterday's answer was coyote. Now, can you guess what left this track in Liberty Park last weekend?, Do you tweet? You can now follow us on Twitter: @metro_parks, Guess the Tracks! Here's another print taken in Liberty Park over the weekend. Do you know what left this behind?, Guess the Tracks! We took photos of some animal tracks in the mud over the weekend at Liberty Park. Here's the first, with a few more to follow. Do you know who - or what - left these tracks?, A reminder that work to stabilize the Overlook Deck in Cascade Valley begins today. The trail will be closed periodically over the next few weeks., A question for our "fans": Which trails do you think offer the best fall beauty?, We did it! We passed 5,000 "fans" this weekend. In other social media news, you can now follow us on Twitter, too., We have two naturalist-led hikes today good for Fall Hiking Spree credit. Check our site for details: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/, We could be experiencing peak fall color this weekend. Get out there and enjoy the Fall Hiking Spree! http://www.tinyurl.com/FHS-2010, There's still plenty of time to enjoy our October desktop. Follow the link below., Hear "Ohio Tales" tonight around the campfire in Firestone Metro Park. Marshmallows are provided. http://tinyurl.com/Ohio-101510, Great News: Work to stabilize the popular Overlook Deck, which has been closed since June 2009, begins Monday, 10/18. The trail will be closed periodically over the next few weeks, but both the trail and deck will reopen by year's end., Finish the spree? Volunteers will help you with your hiking shields TODAY from 4 to 7 p.m. in Firestone Metro Park. http://tinyurl.com/Shield-101410, Registration begins today at 10 a.m. for the 10/22 Halloween campfire and pumpkin carving program. http://tinyurl.com/Pumpkin-102210, We've almost reached 5,000 "fans." Help us get there! Suggest us to your friends., Who used the gorgeous weekend to check off a spree trail or two?, FYI: Though it remains open, there is some equipment on the upper part of the Gorge Trail. Contractors will be doing a little more sewer work this week., We have several naturalist-led hikes today that are good for Fall Hiking Spree credit. Check our site for details: http://www.summitmetroparks.org, You can still register this morning for tonight's pie-iron program at Firestone Metro Park. Learn to cook quick, easy, delicious meals! http://tinyurl.com/Cooking-100810, Have you downloaded our audio tours yet? Each highlights the unique history and natural features of select Fall Hiking Spree trails. Click on the audio icon (pictured) on our hiking spree page for details. [Special thanks to our friends at 91.3 The Summit for their help.] http://tinyurl.com/FHS-2010, What should you bee doing tomorrow afternoon? Visiting the Nature Realm to watch honey being extracted from the hives. http://tinyurl.com/Honey-100610, Here's a warm thought on a chilly morning: Learn how to cook quick, easy pie-iron meals this Friday at Firestone Metro Park. Advance registration is required. 
http://tinyurl.com/Cooking-100810, It may rain today; it may not. But one thing's for sure: It certainly feels like fall. We suggest checking off one more spree hike., Don't let the forecast scare you. Enjoy one of our biggest events of the year: Fall Family Outing is tonight at Goodyear Heights Metro Park!
http://tinyurl.com/FFO-100210, What's happening outdoors this month? Glad you asked. Here is October's OUTDOOR ALMANAC: Preparing for winter, many plants die back to their roots; they will overwinter as seeds or remain as shadows of their former selves above ground. With Halloween around the corner, bat myths are on the rise, but here are the facts: Bats are not blind; they use echolocation to navigate, and they avoid flying on moonlit nights to hide from owls and other predators.

Learn more about Summit County's native bats on our Web site (click below)., One month down, two to go for the Fall Hiking Spree. How many more hikes do you need?, Our October desktop is ready for download., Registration starts this morning at 10 for next month's Kinderealm programs, the first of which is October 8. Kids 3 to 6 will learn about bears. Call 330-865-8065 to register. http://tinyurl.com/Kinderealm-100810, Congrats to Don and Marge Rearick, volunteer Citizen Scientists who yesterday were honored by the Board of Park Commissioners for their dedication. The couple has more than 3,000 volunteer hours., We're on pace to have 5 million visits this year. Shouldn't we have at least 5,000 "fans" on Facebook? Share us with your friends!, Forget the Ravens. Children 8 and up can learn about real birds today at the Nature Realm. http://tinyurl.com/Birders-092610, Tomorrow morning, learn how Deep Lock Quarry provided the foundations of Summit County. (Pictured: One of the working quarries in the park, pre-1930s.) http://tinyurl.com/Foundations-092610, Marathon Reminder: Sand Run Parkway, from Portage Path to Revere Road, is closed through Saturday afternoon for the Road Runner Akron Marathon, and much of the towpath in the Akron area will be filled with thousands of runners tomorrow., The Akron Marathon Expo is loaded with people picking up their race packets and visiting booths. Our volunteers and Metro Leaf are there, too!, If you've already completed the Fall Hiking Spree, volunteers will help put your new hiking shield on your staff tomorrow at the Nature Realm. (If you're not done yet, don't worry. We'll have more opportunities in the coming months.) http://tinyurl.com/Shield-092510, Sand Run Parkway, from Portage Path to Revere Road, will be closed tomorrow afternoon through Saturday afternoon for the Road Runner Akron Marathon. The Towpath Trail, from the Beech Street Trailhead near downtown Akron to Portage Path (north of the Big Bend Trailhead), will be busy with thousands of marathoners Saturday morning. (Good luck, runners!), Enjoy tonight's full moon on the Seneca Deck at the Nature Realm. http://tinyurl.com/Moon-092310, It's the first day of fall! What do you like best about the season? (It's OK to say "Fall Hiking Spree."), Sad news for Ohio's ash trees ... You'll notice a real difference in our woods in the coming years., The autumnal equinox is here. Just ignore the thermometer the next few days. It won't feel like fall., Meet Cheeks the chipmunk TONIGHT, September 21, from 6 to 7 p.m., at the Pond Brook Area in Liberty Park (3973 E. Aurora Rd., Twinsburg). Pick up a trading card, then hike the Buttonbush Trail on your own to earn Fall Hiking Spree credit., The Columbus Dispatch ran a story yesterday about northern monkshood and our efforts to protect the rare (and deadly, if ingested) plant. It grows in only three known spots in Ohio. One of them is Gorge Metro Park., Avast, me hearties! Celebrate "International Talk Like a Pirate Day" and earn hiking spree credit today at 1 p.m. http://tinyurl.com/Pirates-091910, Who is hitting the spree trails this weekend? Don't forget to check out our audio tours. Click the audio tour icon (pictured) on our Fall Hiking Spree page to download them or listen online. http://tinyurl.com/FHS-2010, Kids 15 and under can learn to fish tomorrow at Little Turtle Pond in Firestone Metro Park. http://tinyurl.com/Fishing-091810, Need proof that fall is just around the corner? Check out this picture, taken today, of a sourwood tree behind our administrative offices in Sand Run Metro Park., The answer to yesterday's "Guess the Park" is Hampton Hills Metro Park / Top O' the World Area., A reminder for those visiting O'Neil Woods Metro Park: Martin Road, between Ira Road and Shade Road in Bath, will be closed for five days starting this morning. The road will reopen at 5 p.m. Friday. A detour is posted., Naturalist Maureen McGinty rides the Continental Divide this morning. Bring your bike to learn about nature and history along the Canalway.  http://tinyurl.com/Divide-091110, Good news: The Spring Hollow Trail (closed because of tree damage) in Hampton Hills and the Oxbow Trail (closed to add steps and a hand rail) in Cascade Valley were reopened today, just in time for the weekend., The Medina Raptor Center gives a hoot, and so do we. Join us tonight in Firestone Metro Park for a closer look at owls. (A barred owl is pictured.) http://www.tinyurl.com/Owls-091010, We've learned that an area near O'Neil Woods Metro Park will be closed next week. Martin Road, between Ira Road and Shade Road in Bath, will be closed for five days for waterproofing a bridge deck. The road will be closed at 7:30 a.m. Monday and reopen at 5 p.m. September 17. A detour will be posted., Registration begins this morning at 10 for two Kinderealm programs. Ages 3 to 6 will learn about bats next week. Call the Nature Realm to register for the free programs: 330-865-8065.
http://tinyurl.com/Kinderealm-091410
http://tinyurl.com/Kinderealm-091510, A new cycling program Saturday, not listed in our fall guide ... "Ride the Divide" with Naturalist Maureen McGinty. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1230, Hiking Spree Update: We've temporarily closed the Oxbow Trail in Cascade Valley to install new steps and a handrail near the end of the trail. We hope to have it open by the weekend., Registration starts today for our fall backpacking classes. They're free, but registration is required. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1137, Don't forget: The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is open noon to 5 p.m. today., Got a little free time this afternoon? Earn hiking spree credit in the Gorge with Naturalist Mike Greene. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1126, The visitors center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) is closed Mondays, but it's open tomorrow for Labor Day from noon to 5 p.m. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/FASeiberlingNatureRealm.aspx, Looks like we’re in for a mild, sunny, blue-sky day. It's perfect for the Fall Hiking Spree. Got a trail in mind?, Need something to do this holiday weekend? Head to your Metro Parks for biking, hiking, running, Frisbeeing, picnicking, eating, relaxing or just some good ol' family time., Our September desktop is available for download. (Yes, it's September already. Can you believe it?), We've had good butterfly weather this year, according to the Beacon Journal - and Naturalist Pat Rydquist., Happy 47th birthday, Fall Hiking Spree!, Hot weather or not, the 47th annual Fall Hiking Spree starts TOMORROW! Hike eight trails, September 1 through November 30, to receive a staff and special shield, which are FREE to Summit County residents. And don’t forget to download our audio tours ... http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/Fall-Hiking-Spree.aspx

Pictured is an active family of Fall Hiking Spree veterans. They're featured in this year's ads., Starting today, the North Hawkins Area parking lot in Sand Run will be closed a few days for paving. (Half of the lot will be open in the evenings for groups with special-use permits.), FYI: Our Web site will be down today until about noon., It's a hot day, perfect for the island sounds of the Calypso Gypsies Trio. Enjoy them today at the Nature Realm at 5:30 p.m. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1120, Our "Summit County Settlers" weekend is under way. Come out to Firestone Metro Park until 6 tonight, or 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. tomorrow, to learn how early pioneers lived in Summit County. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1117, We have a fun weekend ahead, with bats, settlers, gypsies and more. And can you believe Sunday is the Fall Hiking Spree Kickoff? http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?year=2010&month=8, Go batty tomorrow night in Sand Run with our chief of natural resources. You'll see wild bats and learn how (and why) we study them. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1116, Good news: The Gorge Trail in Gorge Metro Park (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls) is now OPEN! (The trail was closed while contractors for the City of Cuyahoga Falls completed work.) 

http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/Gorge.aspx, There's a full moon tonight. And the planned hike on the currently-closed Spring Hollow Trail is still happening. Now that's eerie. (Actually, it'll just be a shortened naturalist-led hike.) http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1114, On Saturday, visitors got an up-close look at rescued wildlife brought by rehabilitators from Lake Metroparks. 

Your next chance to see rehabbed or rescued owls is Friday, September 10 at 7 p.m., at the Tuscarawas Meadows Area in Firestone Metro Park. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1128

Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon., The Gorge Trail in Gorge Metro Park (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls) will be CLOSED today and tomorrow as contractors for the City of Cuyahoga Falls complete work on sewer lines. We’ll let you know as soon as the trail reopens. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/Gorge.aspx, The free Nature Realm concert series continues today at 5:30 p.m., with acoustic guitarist Steve Madewell. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1113, Explore the natural and cultural history of O'Neil Woods Metro Park tomorrow (Sunday) at 11 a.m., and get a good workout in the process on the strenuous Deer Run Trail. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1111, There's a chance of showers, but we're hoping the rain holds off a bit. We have some fun programs tonight, including an evening paddle at Silver Creek, youth fishing at Firestone Metro Park and a moonlight bike ride on the towpath. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?year=2010&month=8, The Spring Hollow Trail in Hampton Hills Metro Park will be closed this weekend. A large tree fell and took out a bridge. Stay tuned ..., Our friends from Lake Metroparks bring some animal "ambassadors" to the Seneca Deck Saturday. Will you be there?
http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1107

Photo by volunteer Bob Wilkenson, Heard about the new Wingfoot Lake State Park? So have we. A lot of calls are coming in, but Wingfoot is not a Metro Park. For information, call 330-628-4720 or 1-866-644-6727.

Wingfoot, Ohio's newest state park, opens August 27., Volunteer Jerry Cannon spotted this beautiful black-tipped darner dragonfly at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm –- only the second recorded sighting at the park! She was slitting the plant and depositing her eggs inside. Cool, huh?, Our favorite answer was “smoke stack from the Titanic,” but a few of you got it right yesterday … Pictured is the sally at our Big Bend Area off Merriman Road in Akron. In winter, we burn fires in the sally to warm up visitors enjoying the ice skating pond and Towpath Trail. 

Why is it called a sally or “salamander fire?" According to Ranger Mike Phillips, the word "salamander" means “fire lizard” in Greek. Long ago, when people placed logs on fires, salamanders would sometimes run out of the flames. Some believe the little guys were born from the fire, but really they were just living under the woodpile, and when the right log dropped into the flames, the startled salamander ran for its life., Today’s trivia: What is this?, Our best advice to avoid poison ivy in the Metro Parks: Stay on the trails., The question was asked last week about the towpath: Where's the Botzum Trailhead? (Answer: Near the intersection of Bath and Riverview roads.) From today's Beacon, check out this story about the namesake town of Botzum:, This is your last week to swim at Munroe Falls and Silver Creek. Swim season ends 8/22. That means the Fall Hiking Spree isn't far behind., After the errands, chores and everything else you have going on today, stop by the Nature Realm tonight for a relaxing campfire under the stars. We'll even provide the marshmallows.  http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1096, Burn calories while exploring Silver Creek Metro Park, TOMORROW, Saturday, August 14 at 9 a.m. Meet volunteer Pat Patterson at the Pheasant Run Area (5000 Hametown Rd., Norton) for a five-mile hike of the Chippewa, Pheasant Run and parts of the Bridle trail before the day heats up., With this heat, nighttime is the right time for a bike ride. Join Naturalist Maureen McGinty tomorrow on the towpath at 7 p.m. for this seven-mile trek: 
http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1222, Registration begins today at 10 a.m. for this month's Kinderealm programs. The topic is monarchs, and the first program is August 17. The free series is for ages 3 to 6. Call 330-865-8065 to sign up. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1101, Congrats to 10-year volunteer Mary Wilkerson for reaching 1,000 service hours! Mary, one of the founding members of the all-volunteer Metro Parks Ensemble, received her award from Della Day, manager of volunteer programs, before the band played at last night's Music by the Lake concert.

Photo by volunteer Kathie Rouse, We had some good guesses to yesterday's post, but the pictured insect is a RED SADDLEBAGS DRAGONFLY (on a hot poker plant)., Only two "Nature for Kids" programs remain this summer. Kids learn about birds tomorrow at Goodyear Heights, then bugs Thursday at the Nature Realm. 
http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/Ongoing-Programs.aspx#nature, What insect is pictured? Post your guesses (species, not just type of bug) and we'll share the answer tomorrow!

Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon, Where did the season go? Our last summer concerts at Munroe Falls Metro Park and Firestone Metro Park are this week. It all starts (or ends) tomorrow with FREE lake swimming, FREE cake and ice cream (compliments of Acme Fresh Market) and a FREE concert by the Metro Parks Ensemble. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1011, The season's second Nature Realm concert is today at 5:30 p.m. And it's free! http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1093, There is still plenty of August left to enjoy this month's download for your PC, Mac, PSP, Palm or iPod., Find out why you should want bats around, TONIGHT, August 6 at 8 p.m., at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). Meet Naturalist Mike Greene on the Seneca Deck to explore the myths and facts about bats. Then, help search for bats winging their way around the park while hiking about a quarter-mile on easy terrain. 

Pictured: Little brown bats, Discover the nature and history of the Ohio & Erie Canalway on a seven-mile  bike ride with Naturalist Maureen McGinty, FRIDAY, August 13 at 7 p.m., starting at the towpath’s Botzum trailhead, 2928 Riverview Rd., Cuyahoga Falls. Helmets are required., Due to a temporary Facebook glitch, we can't respond to some previous posts or comments right now. But you, our fans, can help keep this page interesting and fun (like the Metro Parks themselves). Check out our latest note, containing a few tips about content., Wildlife rehabilitator Fran Kitchen holds programs in our Metro Parks and brings  orphaned or rehabbed animals. Her interesting story was just featured in the Cleveland Plain Dealer's PDQ section. Check it out: 
http://www.cleveland.com/pdq/index.ssf/2010/08/akrons_fran_kitchen_has_saved.html, Kids of all ages can join a Metro Parks naturalist this summer to learn about our natural surroundings during special weekday programs. The topic varies each day, but all programs begin at 11 a.m. The last programs are this month, including one today. Get the details here:  http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/Ongoing-Programs.aspx#nature, OUTDOOR ALMANAC FOR AUGUST: Live-bearing snakes give birth to small, slithery young. The turtle and snake eggs that were laid in June begin to hatch. Squirrels and other rodents collect and cache acorns to utilize during winter months. Sunflowers begin to burst with bright color. Soon, their seeds will provide a tasty treat for local birds., The Nature Realm's Sunday concert series kicks off at 5:30 p.m. today with jug band the Smokin Fez Monkeys. Every Sunday in August, enjoy a free concert on the Onondaga Deck. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1086, See the new photo exhibit at the Nature Realm featuring infrared and Polaroid manipulations by volunteer Robert Roach and former volunteer Pam Daum. It opens tomorrow, and a special reception is from 1 to 3 p.m.
http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1085, A mild weekend forecast, beautiful Metro Parks - what's not to like? OK, so we may get some rain. But you can't have flowers without rain., What’s the buzz? Our August desktop is available for download on your PC, Mac, PSP, Palm or iPod: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/News/Downloads.aspx, What has 10,000 eyes and almost 360-degree vision and can fly at 30 MPH? Dragonflies, of course! Have fun watching these "mosquito hawks” while hiking the 1.2-mile Pheasant Run Trail with Naturalist Mike Greene, TOMORROW, Saturday, July 31 at 2 p.m., at Silver Creek Metro Park (5000 Hametown Rd., Norton). 

Pictured is a ruby meadowhawk dragonfly in action., Check out the STOMP article in this week's West Side Leader... The event is 9/4, but the T-shirt deadline is TOMORROW. Register online or by mail Friday to get your free STOMP shirt, a $10 value., Trivia time: Where is this tree located? Hint: It's along our 33.5-mile Bike & Hike Trail. 

Photo by volunteer Lana Bascetta, Fox 8's poison ivy story, with scenes from the Metro Parks ... How can you avoid it? Stay on the trail., Today, Smith Road will be closed between the F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm entrance (1828 Smith Rd., Akron) and Riverview Road for culvert repair., Looks like we're in for a nice evening. Are the Metro Parks part of your Monday night plans?, Attention users of our 33.5-mile Bike & Hike Trail: The Brandywine Road bridge over I-271, south of Highland Road in Sagamore Hills, is CLOSED through Wednesday, July 28 as contractors for the State of Ohio complete deck resurfacing.

You can still access the Brandywine Falls parking area (8176 Brandywine Rd., Sagamore Hills) from the north. 

Questions? Contact ODOT District 4 at 330-786-3100., Listen to the 89.7 WKSU story - which first aired this morning - about our groundbreaking coyote research program. http://www.wksu.org/news/story/25798, Just a few days left to register for STOMP and get a free T-shirt. Deadline is this Friday! The 9/4/10 event includes breakfast, lunch, snacks, live music by Ryan Humbert and more. Sign up today!, Mild temps today compared to the last week. Maybe you can hike a little farther, bike a little longer, run a little faster ..., Mom & Dad: Bring your youngsters to the towpath tomorrow morning for a Young Birders program. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1073, Learn about bats tonight on the Seneca Deck at the Nature Realm. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1072, Naturalist Sarah Matheny spotted two beautiful, brilliant red plants, a cardinal flower and a royal catchfly, at the Nature Realm. To see them, walk toward the visitors center, stop at the last bridge and look at the streambed on your left. Interesting to note: We don’t see royal catchfly often and it’s a potentially threatened species., Yesterday, gardener Woody Stover saw a giant swallowtail at the Nature Realm’s rock and herb garden. This butterfly is rare for our area. As a caterpillar, it can use a stand of prickly ash near the Seneca Deck as host food. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giant_swallowtail, Reminder for towpath users: The Clinton Trailhead (2749 North St.) and surrounding streets in the Village of Clinton will be CLOSED tomorrow from 1 to 4 p.m., as a veteran's memorial motorcycle ride travels through town. Signs are posted at the trailhead and in kiosks at nearby trailheads. Officers from the New Franklin Police Department will be stationed at intersections during the ride., Enjoy a family-friendly night ride on the towpath this Saturday under the full Buck Moon, followed by a campfire. July's full moon gets its name because this is normally the month when antlers push through the heads of male deer, called bucks. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1048, Towpath users will like this: We have a new map posted on our Web site that features the ENTIRE Towpath Trail. Click the brown "Download Park Map" button on the right side of the page. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/TowpathTrail.aspx, Towpath users: The Clinton Trailhead and surrounding streets in the Village of Clinton will be CLOSED this Saturday from 1 to 4 p.m., as a veteran's memorial motorcycle ride travels through town. Signs will be posted at the trailhead and in kiosks at nearby trailheads. Officers from the New Franklin Police Department will be stationed at intersections during the ride., Monday's Plain Dealer listed 100 reasons Greater Cleveland is great. Number 52: Nature centers, including the Nature Realm. Number 55: Our annual Hobo Weekend, which just happened. Frankly, we couldn't agree more., See something cool this weekend in the Metro Parks? Share your nature sightings with our biologists here: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/NatureInformation/ReportASighting.aspx, Enjoy today's heat. In January, you'll be wishing we had an 85-degree day., Remember the Richfield Coliseum? The land, now managed by our friends at Cuyahoga Valley National Park, has become an important place for birds in Summit County., It's Hobo Weekend. Stop by Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park today for all things hobo. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx, Looking to beat the heat? There's always swimming in the Metro Parks., Volunteer Doug Dawes took this picture (and dubbed it "rockin’ robin”) on the Towpath Trail near the Mustill Store in Akron. You may remember a similar picture that a visitor posted here back in May -– only that robin had even more white patches. 

It appears that this robin has leucism or albinism. Leucism causes an uneven distribution of melanin on feathers, resulting in a spotty coloration. Albinism means that the body can't produce melanin. Since some colors come from other pigments, a bird can be a partial albino and still have color. True albinistic birds are white and have red or pink eyes (you’re seeing the color of blood vessels behind the eyes). Since this robin does not have a red eye, it probably has leucism., Subscribers of Green Islands Magazine should get the latest issue this week. You can also read it online., Now the Falls News Press is reporting on the Hardy Road property ..., There's still plenty of July left to enjoy this month's desktop design., Young birders will take flight with new skills at the Nature Realm today at 2 p.m. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1062, It's another beautiful summer weekend in the Metro Parks. Which park are you visiting? Take pictures and post them here., This Beacon Journal story, which ran earlier in the week, lists 10 little-known trails in the area, including Schumacher in Cascade Valley. What are your best-kept outdoor "secret" places?, The "Safe Is Sound" campaign stops at the Clinton Trailhead tomorrow. Check out our 'SIS' note for details. http://www.facebook.com/note.php?note_id=408450714905, See some live critters, possibly a bobcat and woodchuck, that rehabilitator Fran Kitchen has recently rehabbed back to health, TOMORROW, Saturday, July 10 from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m, on the covered Seneca Deck at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron).


Plus, learn what you should and should not do when encountering orphaned animals in the wild. Please bring a donation of cloth towels, laundry detergent or bleach to help Kitchen with injured and orphaned wildlife., Volunteer Doug Dawes captured this great shot of a red admiral at the Pond Brook Conservation Area in Liberty Park., Sand Run Parkway is CLOSED between Sand Run and Revere roads for bank stabilization work along the Jogging Trail. Users of the Jogging Trail will be directed onto the closed parkway during this time., Tonight, enjoy a family night out with kids' activities from 7 to 7:30 followed by an hour of live music by the Akron Pops Orchestra, at the Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park (40 Axline Ave., Akron). Boy Scouts will sell hot dogs and pop. Get free dessert while supplies last, compliments of Acme Fresh Market. 

After the concert, enjoy a bat-netting demo and learn about native bats from Metro Parks biologists, at the TUSCARAWAS MEADOWS AREA (2620 Harrington Rd., Akron). Meet near the river. During the concert, we’ll pass out directions to get you from Coventry Oaks to Tuscarawas Meadows., This male ruby-throated hummingbird, dubbed the "Lord of the Buckeyes" by our naturalists, can be seen among the buckeye and horse chestnut trees at the Nature Realm. There has been a male watching over this section of the park for more than a dozen years, defending the area from other males. Look for him on your next visit. Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon, CLOSURES: 1) Sand Run Parkway is CLOSED between the vehicle ford and Revere Road for asphalting. 

2) Until 4 p.m., the Jogging Trail in Sand Run Metro Park is CLOSED between Sand Run and Revere roads. Users will be rerouted onto the closed parkway. The trail may be closed again tomorrow.  

3) The Towpath Trail’s Big Bend Trailhead is CLOSED until 6 p.m. 

Thanks for your patience as we maintain your Metro Parks!, Need to cool off? Enjoy an evening of FREE lake swimming tonight, from 5 to 8 p.m., at Munroe Falls Metro Park. At 6:30 p.m., enjoy a one-hour performance by the Metro Parks Ensemble at Maple Beach Shelter. During the concert, meet a naturalist and mascots, and get free cake and ice cream, compliments of Acme Fresh Market, while supplies last. Yum!, Update: Sand Run Parkway will be closed TODAY between Portage Path and Sand Run Road for asphalting., You learned about it first on Facebook several weeks ago. Now read today's Beacon Journal story about our coyote research., Another amazing summer day ... If you have the day off, enjoy it in the Metro Parks!, Wanna see some real fireworks? See what Mother Nature can do tonight at 8 p.m. with Naturalist Mike Greene in Firestone Metro Park.  http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=1055, Happy Fourth of July! We hope the Metro Parks are part of your weekend plans. Celebrate the freedom of the outdoors., In case you missed it ..., More exciting news: The City of Akron has leased part of the old Hardy Road landfill property to Metro Parks, bringing Hampton Hills Metro Park to 655 acres. From AkronNewsNow.com ... http://akronnewsnow.com/news/itemdetail.asp?ID=40142&section=news&subsection=localnews&title=Akron_Adds_Park_Space, News about Springfield Bog Metro Park from this week's South Side Leader ..., Stare back at this dragonfly on your PC, Mac, PSP, Palm or iPod. Our July desktop is available for download here: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/News/Downloads.aspx, OUTDOOR ALMANAC FOR JULY: Hot summer weather begins to dry out seasonal ponds and intermittent streams. This coincides with the metamorphosis of frogs and salamanders (pictured), which finally complete their transformation from eggs to adults late this month. The beautiful, but invasive, purple loosestrife starts to bloom; many plants will reach three to seven feet tall. Watch for eastern tiger swallowtail butterflies that form “puddle parties” as they siphon salts and minerals from mud pools. 


Photo by volunteer Jerry Cannon, Joe: We took this picture of you and your friend on June 18 at the Big Bend Trailhead in Akron. How many miles did you ride that day?, Starting today, Sand Run Parkway will be CLOSED between Shadow Field and Sand Run Road as crews make repairs to the retaining wall located between Shadow Field and the service center. Runners and walkers using the Jogging Trail will be diverted onto the road to bypass the construction area. The repairs should be complete by the weekend. We’ll keep you updated., The Bike & Hike Trail restrooms at the Brust Park lot in Munroe Falls were vandalized again last night. That's twice in five days. If you have any information, or if you saw something after hours, please call our ranger department: 330-865-8052., It's another beautiful (and hot) day in the Metro Parks. Find a shady place to rest, drink plenty of water and have fun., The current Twinsburg Bulletin has a story about our coyote research., Know what day it is? Yes, Thursday, but also “Swim a Lap Day.” Celebrate by taking a dip at Munroe Falls or Silver Creek tonight. Both swim parks are open until 8 p.m., Attention users of the Bike & Hike Trail: Vandals damaged the restrooms at the Brust Park Trailhead in Munroe Falls last night. They will be closed today and tonight for repairs. We hope they will be reopened tomorrow for weekend visitors., Have you been on the new deck overlooking Seneca Pond at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm? Photo by volunteer Denny Reiser, Rain or shine, meet Cheeks the chipmunk TODAY, from noon to 1 p.m., at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron). Get a Metro Pack trading card, then hike the trail on your own to earn Spree For All credit. Meet at the welcome kiosk. If it rains, the program will be moved to the covered Seneca Deck., Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there. We hope you enjoy the Metro Parks on this beautiful day., null, Meet Cheeks the chipmunk TONIGHT, from 6 to 7 p.m., at the Alder Trail in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (550 Frazier Ave., Akron). Receive a trading card, then hike the trail on your own to earn Spree For All credit. Cancelled if it rains. If wet weather is in the forecast, check here or call 330-865-8060 for status after 4 p.m., Cheeks the chipmunk will be at Acme #1 tomorrow with pal Buck the dog from 12 to 2 p.m. Check out our events right here on Facebook for more info., We posted an update on our Web site this morning about trail closures. Sewer work along Sand Run Parkway will be done by month's end. Next month, sewer work will start in Cascade Valley and the Gorge. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/News/ConstructionUpdates.aspx#closings, As reported in the Beacon, two groups are seeking federal funds to clean up sediment behind the Ohio Edison dam in the Gorge, and the Ohio EPA is pushing for the dam's removal., We're happy to report the Adam Run Trail is open. There is still some work to complete, but bridges have been repaired and the trail is passable. Enjoy! http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/HamptonHills.aspx, Tonight, enjoy great weather and a family night out with kids' activities from 7 to 7:30 followed by an hour of live music by the Akron Pops Orchestra. Free dessert, while supplies last, compliments of Acme Fresh Market. It all happens TONIGHT at the Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park, 40 Axline Ave., Akron., FREE fun tonight at Munroe Falls Metro Park! Swim from 5 to 8 p.m., and enjoy a concert, dessert, mascot appearances and kids’ activities from 6:30 to 7:30 p.m. at Maple Beach Shelter. Did we mention it’s all free? 

If it rains, the concert will be moved to Tuesday, 6/15. Check here or call 330-865-8060 for status after 4 p.m., Meet Cheeks the chipmunk tomorrow and Sunday! Check out our events listed right here on Facebook for details., Stop by our table and get goodies from other outdoorsy and healthy organizations during the Community Sports and Fitness Expo, Saturday, June 5 from 1 to 5 p.m., at the Twinsburg Fitness Center, 10084 Ravenna Rd., We sent out a press release Tuesday (and it's on our Web site) detailing our coyote research. The Beacon Journal is working on a story, but you can say you read it here first., Can you believe it's already June? Here's a link to this month's downloads., Wonder what's happening outside this month? Here's our JUNE Outdoor Almanac: Bats and birds are busy raising their young. Pan fish, like bluegill, are at the peak of their spawning. Egg-laying snakes and turtles deposit eggs in nests. Lucky visitors may get to see the common snapper (pictured), our largest turtle species at up to 35 pounds, along the banks of the Ohio & Erie Canal., Someone recently posted a question about liverwort. It grows in most Metro Parks, but especially at the Gorge. Scented liverwort (pictured, courtesy of our biologists), crystalwort and purple-fringed riccia are the most common species. They prefer moist, cool, shady areas near ledges. One biologist said, "The stuff is everywhere." It is relatively short, however, so it is often overlooked., The administrative offices are closed today for the holiday, and the Nature Realm visitors center is closed every Monday. But our parks are open 365 days a year., The lakes at Munroe Falls and Silver Creek opened for swimming today. Swim season continues through August 22., Memorial Day weekend is the unofficial start of summer, and it's hard to argue with a forecast like this: Highs in the 80s, mostly sunny and only a chance of storms Monday. We hope the Metro Parks are part of your weekend plans., Spring Hollow Trail in Hampton Hills will be open by day's end. Adam Run Trail, on the other hand, will be closed another week or two. We'll keep you posted., Just in time for summer break, vacations and warm weather, our latest Programs & Events Guide is available., Two weeks ago, a large tree fell on the upper section of the 1.8-mile Gorge Trail, forcing us to close the path at Mary Campbell Cave. Recent rain made things worse. But we're happy to report that the trail is open once again., Trivia time: Guess where this picture was taken. In your Metro Parks, of course. We'll post the answer tomorrow. (Photo taken by volunteer Joe Prekop.), The trails at Hampton Hills Metro Park will be closed a few days this week. Recent heavy rains brought down some trees and caused a few washouts. We'll let you know when the trails reopen. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/HamptonHills.aspx, Our naturalists report that a male ruby-throated hummingbird, dubbed the “Lord of the Buckeyes,” is back among the buckeye and horse chestnut trees at the Nature Realm. There has been a male watching over this section for more than a dozen years, defending the area from other males. Watch for the “Lord of the Buckeyes” on your next visit, or ask the naturalist on duty about him., Last night, along the Pheasant Run Trail in Silver Creek Metro Park, we spotted a common yellowthroat, a warbler that nests here during summer. The male yellowthroat is easily identified by a black, Zorro-like mask over its eyes and yellow neck/underside. Listen for its “witchity witchity witchity” song near marshes and brushy fields. (Picture from ODNR)


What migratory birds have you seen in the Metro Parks lately?, There's still time to vote! One of our partners, Cascade Locks Park Association, is in the running for $50,000 from Pepsi. If CLPA wins, the funds will go to the development of the Schumacher Cascade Mills site, adjacent to the Towpath Trail in Akron., For all you early birds out there, don't miss our last Friday morning bird walk of the season, this Friday at Firestone Metro Park. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=953, For an upcoming story, Beacon reporter Bob Downing asked us this week to choose our best-kept secrets. We responded with the Schumacher and Valley Link trails. What do YOU think?, Cleveland Bicycle Week starts today. (Akron's isn't for another few months.) Where do you like to ride? The towpath? Bike & Hike Trail?, Channel 3 News just left the Nature Realm after interviewing Naturalist Pat Rydquist, who is leading bird walks tomorrow at Firestone Metro Park in honor of International Migratory Bird Day. The story is supposed to run tonight at 7. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=985, The sun is out. The birds are singing. It's a beautiful day in the Metro Parks., Take a special tour of the green features at the Nature Realm, and then enjoy a campfire on our new (covered) program deck, TONIGHT, May 12 at 7 p.m. (1828 Smith Rd., Akron), Cheeks the chipmunk doesn't like rain, especially a downpour. So today's "Meet Cheeks" event, scheduled for noon at the Mustill Store, is cancelled. Watch for Cheeks next month in the Metro Parks and at a few Acme Fresh Market stores., The upper section of the 1.8-mile Gorge Trail is currently CLOSED at Mary Campbell Cave. High winds took down a large tree that is completely blocking the trail. A crew will clear it tomorrow.  http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/Gorge.aspx, The sun is finally out in some spots. Were the Metro Parks in your Mother's Day plans?, Join volunteer Pat Patterson for an extended hike, TOMORROW, Saturday, May 8 at 9 a.m., starting at O’Neil Woods Metro Park (2550 Martin Rd., Bath). Hike Deer Run Trail and cut across Bath Road to the towpath, then hike north to the Buckeye Trail. Expect five miles and difficult terrain., Yesterday, two Metro Parks rangers participated in a motorcade for fallen heroes. Traveling I-70 from Columbus to London, Ohio, the motorcade included 150 vehicles from around the state and featured a riderless horse, rifle salute, the sounding of Taps and a flyover. Read more about the motorcade from Columbus TV station NBC 4. http://www2.nbc4i.com/news/2010/may/06/fallen-officers-honored-during-motorcade-ceremony-ar-69847/, Purple marsh rails from the Deep South have been spotted in Northeast Ohio! Check out the article on cleveland.com., Stop by and meet Cheeks the chipmunk TONIGHT, May 6 from 6 to 7 p.m., at Gorge Metro Park (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls). Receive a Metro Pack trading card and hike the trail on your own to earn Spree For All credit., Rose, about this picture you posted: What you saw is unusual, so thanks for sharing it with us! It looks like a robin with leucism or albinism. Leucism causes an uneven distribution of melanin on feathers, resulting in a spotty coloration. 

Albinism means that the body can't produce melanin. Since some colors come from other pigments, a bird can be a partial albino and still have color. True albinistic birds are white and have red or pink eyes (you’re seeing the color of blood vessels behind the eyes).

Since this robin does not have a red eye, it probably has leucism., One of our partners, the Casade Locks Park Association, is in the running for $50,000 from Pepsi. VOTE for CLPA today (and every day) through May 31. If CLPA wins, the funds will go to the development of the Schumacher Cascade Mills site, adjacent to the Towpath Trail in Akron. http://www.refresheverything.com/cascadelocks, May Outdoor Almanac: Spring wildflowers are at their height of beauty, and with them emerge most local insects. Bees and butterflies busy themselves collecting pollen and nectar while pollinating plants. Pictured is trillium, our state wildflower. White in color when it first opens, the showy flower turns pink as it ages., The Meet Cheeks event is still on today, 11 a.m. - noon, at the towpath's Clinton trailhead. But if it starts raining, we'll have to pack up. Let's hope the weather holds out for a few hours!, If you visit Sand Run Metro Park, you know about Merriman Valley. Check out a neat article about the valley, posted on the West Side Leader's Web site yesterday: http://www.akron.com/editions/Akron-Ohio-News-2010-April-29/Merriman_Valley-_past_present_future.asp?aID=8851, Spree For All, our annual spring hiking event for visitors of all abilities, starts tomorrow, May 1! Kick things off by meeting Cheeks the chipmunk tomorrow, 11 a.m. to noon, at the towpath’s Clinton trailhead, 2749 North St., Clinton. Receive a trading card, then hike the trail on your own to earn spree credit. Cancelled if it rains. 

Get event details and download hiking forms on our Web site: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/Spree-For-All.aspx, On Saturday, May 1 from 6 a.m. to 1 p.m., the Towpath Trail will be closed  between the Manchester Road Trailhead (2740 Manchester Rd., Akron) and the Wolf  Creek Trailhead (33 Snyder Ave., Barberton) for the fifth annual Barberton Community  Bike Ride. The Barberton Trailhead (5 Fairview Ave., Barberton) will also be closed during  the event., Download the Metro Parks and enjoy spring’s beauty on your PC, Mac, PSP, Palm or iPod. The May desktop is available on our Web site: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/News/Downloads.aspx, Nice story in today's Beacon Journal about our Outside Is In program ..., As you get ready to bike, rollerblade or walk along our multi-purpose trails (towpath and Bike & Hike), remember to respect other visitors and practice trail etiquette. Get a refresher here: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/getdoc/8b8beefa-4c04-430c-b11e-7ac76ec8ae3f/Trail-Etiquette_flier09.aspx, The entrance to Munroe Falls Metro Park (off S. River Road) is open and will not be affected by city construction on a nearby roundabout this summer. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/MunroeFalls.aspx, Fans, thanks for posting your feedback and photos! Keep it up!, The totals are in. Here's what we collected on Earth Day during our recycling drive: 340 lbs of cardboard, 275 lbs of phone books, 500 lbs of books, 415 lbs of magazines and 4,433 lbs of e-waste!, Cuyahoga Falls is paving Front Street and replacing curbs near Gorge Metro Park the next two to three weeks. Some of the city's equipment will be in the parking lot, and it may take visitors extra time to enter the park., Six individuals received our "Star Volunteer" award yesterday during a meeting of the Board of Park Commissioners. Congratulations to Bill Hazlett and Bill Wilkerson of Akron, Bill Barnes of Copley, Dick Bennett and Ron Schneider of Cuyahoga Falls and Doug Dawes of Stow. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/getdoc/8fd26bc8-d05e-4791-9580-d0bbf96e0f67/Spotlight.aspx, Green Tip #22: In the U.S. alone, printed bills generate almost 2 million tons of CO2. The solution: Save paper and start paying some of your bills online. And recycle paper and electronic trash at our Earth Day event TONIGHT, from 5 to 7 p.m., at the Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park. The first 100 visitors/families get a green gift!, Green Tip #21: Your fridge is the single biggest energy-consuming kitchen appliance. Simply opening and closing the door accounts for $30 to $60 of a typical family's annual electricity bill. So don’t just stand there with the door open., Fans, what are you recycling at our Earth Day Celebration tomorrow night? (While you’re there, don’t forget to register to win those Jack Johnson tickets from 91.3 The Summit!), Green Tip #20: Use a microwave instead of the stove to heat or cook small meals. Microwaves use about 50% less energy than conventional ovens., Register to win tickets to the JACK JOHNSON concert on 7/21 at Blossom Music Center, compliments of 91.3 The Summit, and recycle your trash for FREE, Thursday, April 22 from 5 to 7 p.m., at Coventry Oaks Pavilion (40 Axline Ave., Akron) in Firestone Metro Park.

Recycle e-waste (batteries, computers, VCRs), musical instruments, cardboard, phone books and magazines. The first 100 visitors/families get a green gift. TVs and small household appliances (toasters, microwaves) cannot be accepted.
http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=959, Green Tip #19: Styrofoam is difficult to recycle. Tell your favorite restaurants to avoid take-home containers made of Styrofoam, or take your own container with you for leftovers., Some of our greatest resources are volunteers who offer their time and talents to the community. It’s National Volunteer Week, so we thank all Metro Parks volunteers for their hard work! On average, our volunteers record more than 30,000 service hours each year., Green Tip #18: Plant a tree. The average tree can absorb one ton of carbon dioxide over its lifetime., Green Tip #17: A family of four who uses low-flow showerheads can save about 20,000 gallons of water per year. Swap your showerhead to save water – and money on water bills., Green Tip #16: Creating a new aluminum can takes 95% more energy than making a can from recycled aluminum. Be sure to place your used cans – and bottles – in the recycle bin at home or work., Tomorrow, anglers 15 and younger each receive a $1 cash prize if they catch a tagged fish in the fully stocked Little Turtle Pond. Event details are here: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=954, Thanks to the recent warm weather, many wildflowers -– like trillium (pictured), trout lilies, bloodroot and wild violet –- are already blooming in your Metro Parks. Have you seen these or any others?, The deadline to nominate your park district is TOMORROW. Choose the Fall Hiking Spree for "Community/Special Event" and the Metro Parks for "Outdoor/Recreation.", Green Tip #15: A full bathtub requires about 70 gallons of water. A 5-minute shower not only takes less time, but also uses only 10 to 25 gallons of water., Find your fishing gear! Tomorrow, a few thousand 10- to 14-inch rainbow trout will be stocked in Little Turtle Pond and Silver Creek Lake by the Ohio Department of Natural Resources, Division of Wildlife. ONLY kids 15 and younger can fish at Little Turtle Pond, but visitors of all ages can fish at Silver Creek Lake. 
http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/Fishing.aspx, Green Tip #14: A leaky faucet can waste an estimated 3,000 gallons of water per year, not to mention raise your water bill. Fix the leak to conserve water – and your paycheck., Check out the park district's newest mascot, Hampton the acorn, who is featured in our trading card series. Look for him at events this spring and summer!, As you walk or ride along our multi-purpose trails, like the Bike & Hike and towpath, please remember the rules of trail etiquette. Here are a few simple reminders: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/getdoc/8b8beefa-4c04-430c-b11e-7ac76ec8ae3f/Trail-Etiquette_flier09.aspx, Green Tip #13: Recycling 1 ton of paper saves 7,000 gallons of water, 3 cubic yards of landfill space and 4,100 kilowatt-hours of electricity. Participating in your community recycling program can make a BIG difference., Green Tip #12: Each U.S. consumer uses an average of 100 gallons of water each day – enough to fill 1,600 drinking glasses. To conserve, take shorter showers, and don’t leave the sink running when hand-washing dishes., Green Tip #11: Producing recycled paper takes about 60% of the energy used to make paper from virgin wood pulp. Look for paper with recycled content, and use both sides of a sheet before placing used paper in the recycle bin., Green Tip #10: Improperly sealed or caulked windows can account for up to 25% of the total heat loss from your home. Re-caulk your windows and enjoy the savings., Green Tip #9: Refrigerators and freezer units account for 1/6 of a home's energy use. When buying new appliances, select efficient models to save energy and improve your electric bills., Green Tip #8: Compact fluorescent light bulbs are an energy-saving alternative to incandescent bulbs. They produce the same amount of light, use 1/3 of the electricity and last up to 10 times longer., Nominate your Metro Parks during the annual Zenith Awards. Choose the Fall Hiking Spree under "Community/Special Event" and the Metro Parks under "Outdoor/Recreation." Nominate us before the deadline, April 16: http://www.visitakron-summit.org/Forms-Surveys.aspx?N=ZenithAwards


The Zenith Awards are presented by the Akron/Summit Convention & Visitors Bureau., Green Tip #7: Today's dishwashers are about 95% more energy-efficient than those bought in the 1970s. If you have an old dishwasher, it could be costing you more to use than buying a new one., Help us identify new activities and experiences in the Metro Parks during three public meetings. Times and locations are at summitmetroparks.org. Can't attend? Click "Contact Us" on our Web site and answer the following in the "comments" field: What are our greatest resources?  What is unique and special about the Metro Parks? When you visit or attend a program, what do you think and feel? What do you want to do?, The Top O' the World is open again in Hampton Hills. (The area is closed in winter and early spring.) If you've never been, it's a great place to watch the sunset. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/HamptonHills.aspx, Green Tip #6: Choose low-toxic paints that don't irritate your lungs and cause allergic reactions. They're better for the environment and better for people, too., Green Tip #5: The average U.S. citizen uses 50 pounds of tissue paper per year. If possible, purchase brands with post-consumer blends., Flower report just in … 70% of the daffodils at Furnace Run are in bloom!, Green Tip #4: In North America, fruits and vegetables travel an average of 1,500 miles before reaching your plate. Save food the road trip. When possible, buy fresh, local foods – or even plant a small garden this year., Green Tip #3: Washing clothes in cold or warm instead of hot water can save as much as 500 pounds of carbon dioxide per year. It can also save up to 80% of the energy needed to wash your clothes., Green Tip #2: U.S. consumers spend up to 10,000 times more per gallon of bottled water than on tap water. Fill a reusable bottle every morning so you can skip the store-bought stuff. You’ll create less waste and save money in the process., APRIL OUTDOOR ALMANAC: Spring bird migrations can be seen throughout Summit County as songbirds, ducks and geese migrate north. Male woodcocks perform their aerial courtship flight. Spring wildflowers abound, including trout lilies and wild violets. At Furnace Run, thousands of yellow daffodils blanket the forest floor., April is Earth Month, so we’re posting green tips every day until Earth Day (4/22). Here’s our first: Many idle electronics like TVs, DVD players, stereos and microwaves use energy even when not in use. Turn off power strips and unplug electrical devices when you're not using them., The snake we found yesterday is a non-native California Kingsnake. A visitor may have dropped the snake here after purchasing it from a pet store.  All kingsnakes are non-venomous constrictors that hunt rodents and other snakes –- even venomous rattlesnakes.   Don’t drop your pets in the Metro Parks. It’s against our rules and regulations. Plus, the critter could die once left alone in the wild., Sand Run Parkway and the Jogging Trail will be CLOSED TOMORROW, April 1, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., between Sand Run Road and Revere Road, because of sewer work being done by city contractors. (And no, this is not an April Fools' Day joke.), Look at what we found on the side of the administrative offices this afternoon, basking in the sun. We thought it was pretty cool. Can you guess the species? We’ll post the answer tomorrow ..., Like to read articles about nature and other fun stuff? Check out our spring Green Islands Magazine, available online: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Publications/GreenIslands.aspx, Cool story by Bob Downing about amphibians, including those in Sand Run Metro Park ..., Kids 6 to 12 can join Naturalist Danusia Casteel for a croaking good time while learning about local amphibians, Sunday, March 28 at 2 p.m., at the Nature Realm. We'll investigate wetlands and do a craft inside the visitors center., Download the Metro Parks on your PC, Mac, PSP, Palm or iPod. Our APRIL desktops are available now! http://www.summitmetroparks.org/News/Downloads.aspx#next-month, Fans, thanks for the recent positive comments and pictures that you've posted our page ... we love to hear from you!, You only have until Wednesday, March 31 to redeem your Fall Hiking Spree forms and get your rewards! Stop by either location:  Administrative offices (975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron): 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday. Visitors Center at F.A. Seiberling Nature Realm (1828 Smith Rd., Akron):  Tue, Wed, Sat: 10 a.m. - 5 p.m. Thu, Fri: 10 a.m. - 7 p.m. Sunday: 12 - 5 p.m. Monday: Closed, Extended hours begin tonight at the Nature Realm visitors center. The building is open 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Thursdays and Fridays through October. Check summitmetroparks.org for a complete list of hours. Pictured: Young visitors with Metro Leaf and the chief of rangers during Saturday's opening celebration at the Nature Realm., Hey fans ... Sign up for our monthly e-newsletter here: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/contactus.aspx

To read the March issue, click here: http://archive.constantcontact.com/fs008/1102737360075/archive/1103124925166.html, Though the forecast this week is a little cold and wet, great spring weather is right around the corner. Join the Master Gardeners tomorrow at the Nature Realm to learn how to make your spring gardens colorful. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=872, Sand Run Parkway is closed today between Portage Path and Sand Run Road because of the sewer work being done by the city of Akron and due to high water at the ford., Volunteer Jerry Cannon headed down to the parkway last night and snapped this image of spotted salamanders. The amphibians were on the move!, The east end of Sand Run Parkway, in Sand Run Metro Park near Merriman Road, will be closed tonight. Conditions are right for salamanders to migrate. We close the road to keep the amphibians safe., We must be doing something right, because Mother Nature provided a perfect spring weekend for the opening of the Nature Realm. Thank you to the thousands who visited. We hope you keep coming back again and again., Who is coming to the Nature Realm this weekend? Help us celebrate the opening of the visitors center!, The lower part of the Oxbow Trail in Cascade Valley is closed due to flooding. We'll let you know when it reopens. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/CascadeValleySouth.aspx, Why did the salamander cross the road? To find love, of course. Which reminds us: Sand Run Parkway in Akron is now closed at the intersection with Merriman Road, as salamanders are on the move to nearby breeding pools. We close the road during their migration to keep the little amphibians safe., Celebrate our sss-slithery friends and St. Patrick’s Day this Sunday, March 14 at the Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park. At 2 p.m., discover which snake stories are blarney and interact with a live snake. At 7 p.m., enjoy a live performance of the Akron Ceili Band. 

Check out this common garter snake, photographed by Don Prack. The snake’s exposed tongue is forked and provides its senses of touch and smell., Because of a tree down, the Rock Creek Trail in Furnace Run Metro Park will be closed today and part of tomorrow. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/FurnaceRun.aspx, For those who plan to visit Sand Run Metro Park, be advised: The Wadsworth and Lone Spruce parking areas have been used this week by city crews repairing the sewer line along Sand Run Parkway. We'll keep you posted as work continues. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/getdoc/9e0905f4-d73f-4c64-a8c0-ba347fba1d1f/02-23-10-Sewer-project-may-close-Sand-Run-Parkway.aspx, Speaking of skunk cabbage … Yesterday, biologist Rob Curtis took this shot of skunk cabbage sprouts. See how the warm buds literally melt away the surrounding snow?, Skunk cabbage is Ohio’s first wildflower to sprout in spring. You can see it popping up in swampy areas near the end of February, and it does smell skunky. Amazingly, the plants can survive freezing weather since temps inside the buds heat up to 70 degrees. See if you can sniff out these unusual flowers in your Metro Parks., Trivia time: Can you name this plant? We'll post the answer tomorrow. 
(Photo by volunteer Joe Prekop.), Thanks to fans Heidi, Julie and Anne for posting their great park pics!, As we enjoy the warmest weekend in months, be sure to take pictures of your time in the Metro Parks and post them here to share with your fellow fans., Our sledding areas are still open ... for now. With warm temperatures predicted for Saturday and Sunday, we expect to have to close the hills this weekend. So if you want to go sledding, tonight may be it. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/WinterSports.aspx, Our friends at Acme Fresh Market have created a Facebook page. Acme sponsors the hiking sprees, our summer concerts, the STOMP Bicycle Adventure and Fall Family Outings. Become a fan of Acme to learn about deals, how to be in their print ads, and more., The sunshine sure feels nice … Hope you’re able to get outside and enjoy this beautiful winter weather!, The seventh annual "Best of Akron" competition, featured by Akron Life & Leisure Magazine, is your chance to vote for local favorites in categories like food, entertainment and parks. In the past, Metro Parks has won "Best Weekend Getaway" and "Best Place to Volunteer." Nominate your Metro Parks here: http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/5LL9MXV, Enjoy the snow before it melts away … All sled riding areas are open! 

Pictured is the sled hill overlooking Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park. Photo taken by volunteer Jerry Cannon., Download the Metro Parks on your PC, Mac, PSP, Palm or iPod. Our March desktops are available now! http://www.summitmetroparks.org/News/Downloads.aspx, Impressive ... Everyone guessed correctly yesterday. White-breasted nuthatch is right!, MARCH OUTDOOR ALMANAC: Melting snow and spring rains bring new life to smaller streams and tributaries. Many fish species move back into these sites to forage and reproduce. Large migrations occur at Yellow Creek and Furnace Run, and a sunny day, able eye and binoculars can help visitors experience this seldom-seen phenomenon. As wetlands spring to life, listen for the mating chorus of spring peepers and other frogs. 

(Volunteer Bob Roach took this picture of a toad.), Can you guess this type of bird? We'll post the answer tomorrow! (Volunteer Joe Prekop took this picture yesterday.), Need something to do this weekend? Meet Naturalist Danusia Casteel at the Mustill Store for a 2-mile hike up the Cascade Locks and into downtown, and discover how Akron became the city it is now, SUNDAY, February 28 at 2 p.m. Park at 248 Ferndale St., Akron.

Pictured is the Mustill Store circa 1860., Bring the sleds back out ... All sled riding areas, except for the sled hill at Munroe Falls Metro Park, are now OPEN!  http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/WinterSports.aspx, Just so you know, our Web site will be down tonight (Thursday) for maintenance. We apologize for the inconvenience., Hey, fans! Do you get our monthly E-NEWSLETTER? If not, sign up here and start getting special updates just for e-news subscribers: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/contactus.aspx, Yesterday’s trivia question stumped some, but a few fans got it right. The correct answer is the Top O’ the World Area in Hampton Hills Metro Park!  http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/HamptonHills.aspx, Fans, all winter sports facilities are closed at this time., Metro Parks TRIVIA TIME: Can you guess where this picture was taken? We'll post the answer tomorrow!, WINTER SPORTS UPDATE: The sled hill at Munroe Falls Metro Park is closed, but all other sled riding areas are open. Two ice skating areas are open: Big Bend Area/Sand Run & Brushwood Area/Furnace Run. 

http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/WinterSports.aspx, Sunshine and warm temps should make for a great weekend! If you want to enjoy the nice weather and look for birds (like the male and female cardinals pictured below), attend the "Winter Birds Hike" with Naturalist Pat Rydquist this Sunday, February 21 at 1 p.m., at the Tuscarawas Meadows Area in Firestone Metro Park., We're at 2,511 -- thanks to our great fans!, We only need ONE more fan to reach the 2,500 mark! Can you help us out?, Had enough of winter yet? Discover how animals handle freezing temperatures and life in the dark this Friday, February 19 at 7 p.m., with Naturalist Mike Greene on the 1.2-mile Pheasant Run Trail. After the hike, get toasty around the campfire with free marshmallows, while supplies last., Our fans are good! The correct answer to yesterday’s post –- as guessed by some fans –- is the intersection of Sand Run Parkway and Merriman Road in Akron. 


FUN FACT ABOUT THIS SPOT: Each spring, thousands of salamanders cross the parkway to reach breeding pools. We close the road to protect the little critters. To see this amazing natural phenomenon with a naturalist, get on our call list. Registration starts 3/2 and is required (330-865-8065). 


Photo taken by volunteer Jerry Cannon., On Friday, our landscape architect, Lisa King, took this picture in Sand Run and dubbed it "Happy Metro Parks." Can you guess where in the park this sign is located?, Got a green thumb? Join master gardener Tom Bouton to learn why you don’t need a greenhouse to start your garden now, Wednesday, February 17 at 7 p.m., at Mingo Pavilion in Sand Run Metro Park (1501 Sand Run Pkwy., Akron).

The Master Gardener program is run through The Ohio State University Extension., Need a free and fun idea for Valentine’s Day? Take your sweetie to see our very own “Crystal Palace” -- huge, colorful icicles dripping from rock cliffs -- during a naturalist-led hike, Sunday, February 14 at 2 p.m., at the Gorge (1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls). Sturdy boots are recommended for the hike. 

Picture taken by volunteer Jerry Cannon., Good news for our ice-skating fans: The skating areas at the Big Bend Area in Sand Run and at the Brushwood Area in Furnace Run are now OPEN!, Want a good workout? Take a five-mile extended hike along the Bike & Hike Trail with volunteer Pat Patterson, Saturday, February 13 at 9 a.m. Meet at the SR 303 trailhead (64 W. Streetsboro Rd., Boston Hts.) and we’ll head north to Boston Mills., The answer to yesterday’s trivia question is … The Oxbow Area at Cascade Valley Metro Park, right along the Cuyahoga River! A few fans guessed it right! For info about the park, click here: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/CascadeValleySouth.aspx, We have 650 picnicking sites. Can you guess where this picture was taken? We'll post the answer tomorrow!, Winter sports update: All sled hills are open and all ice skating areas are closed. Stay warm and be safe out there!, Help us reach 2,500 fans by inviting your friends and family to our Facebook page!, WINTER SPORTS UPDATE: Ice skating at the Big Bend Area is now open. Lace up before more snow moves in and blankets the pond!, How did you enjoy your Metro Parks before the big game yesterday (hiking, sledding, bird-watching …)? Share your story and pictures with other fans!, Winter sports update: All ice skating areas are closed (crews are still working hard to clear the snow), but all sled hills are open. 

Enjoy the snow and sunshine today in your Metro Parks!, If you are squirrelly from cabin fever, we have the cure. Learn about the enterprising squirrel while hiking the 1.2-mile Quarry Trail, Sunday, February 7 at 2 p.m., at Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/DeepLockQuarry.aspx, Skip your Denny's Grand Slam this weekend … Join us for a whistle pig hike and hearty breakfast cooked over a fire, Saturday, February 6 at 8 a.m., at the Goodyear Memorial Pavilion (2077 Newton St., Akron). The program is FREE but participants are asked to contribute to the feast. Registration is required: 330-865-8065. 

 Hungry yet?, Enjoy the sunshine and some ICE SKATING at these locations in your Metro Parks: Big Bend, Furnace Run and the Gorge. 

Currently, the ice skating areas at Goodyear Heights and Silver Creek are closed, and all sled hills are closed. 

For more winter sports info, click here:  
http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/WinterSports.aspx, Children 3 to 6 can learn why groundhogs are called whistle pigs, make a take-home craft and take a hike in search of holes that could be home to groundhogs during seven FREE Kinderealm programs this month. Advance registration is required and begins tomorrow, February 4 (330-865-8065). http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?year=2010&month=2, Our February desktops are available for download. Enjoy the Metro Parks on your PC, Mac, PSP, Palm or iPod. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/News/Downloads.aspx, Punxsutawney Phil predicted another six weeks of winter. Buckeye Chuck disagreed. Both are jealous of their cousins living in our fine Metro Parks., OUTDOOR ALMANAC FOR FEBRUARY: Massive ice formations cover the valley walls at Gorge Metro Park (pictured). With an early thaw, Jefferson and spotted salamanders may begin migrating to wetlands and vernal pools. If the groundhog sees its shadow, the early thaw could be short-lived. 
(Photo taken by volunteer J.J. Prekop Jr.), Winter sports update ... ICE SKATING at the Big Bend Area is open, and these SLEDDING areas are open: Goodyear Heights (off Newton St.), Cascade Valley (Oxbow Area), Furnace Run (Brushwood Area) and Sand Run (North Hawkins Area). Enjoy! http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/WinterSports.aspx, Metro Parks trivia time: Where was this picture taken?, Here's a warm thought on a VERY cold day: Summer jobs are posted online. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/InsideMetroParks/Employment.aspx, The following sledding areas are now OPEN: Goodyear Heights, Furnace Run (Brushwood), Sand Run (North Hawkins) and Cascade Valley (Oxbow). For more winter sports info, click here: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/WinterSports.aspx, Love some of your guesses, but the answer to yesterday's post is ..... Raccoon. (This nocturnal mammal does have a fox-like face, but a "mask" and ringed tail are its defining features. Fun fact: Raccoons often use their front paws to wash their food in water.), Fans, do you know what animal made the tracks pictured? We'll give the answer tomorrow morning ..., Join the Master Gardeners of Summit County tomorrow, Wednesday, January 27 at 7 p.m., for a free program about composting with worms. Mingo Pavilion, Sand Run Metro Park, 1501 Sand Run Pkwy., Akron, Congratulations to Bob and Christine Freitag, who will be honored tomorrow for their years of volunteer service to Metro Parks, CVNP, Cascade Locks and others. For decades, they've helped make our parks better places., Kids 6 to 12 can have a rockin' good time exploring geology with a naturalist, TOMORROW, Saturday, January 23 at 2 p.m., at the Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park (40 Axline Ave., Akron). Program includes a craft and short hike to look for rocks, weather permitting., During a quick walk around the Treaty Line Area parking lot in Sand Run, saw two pileated woodpeckers, a downy woodpecker & a chickadee, and two noisy crows pestering a red-tailed hawk, forcing the hawk out of their area! What a great day for bird watching …, Join us for a winter hike and hearty breakfast, Saturday, January 23 at 8 a.m., at the Goodyear Memorial Pavilion, 2077 Newton St., Akron. Registration for this free program is required (330-865-8065). Participants are asked to contribute to the morning feast., Metro Parks trivia time … Can you guess where this picture was taken? Post your guess and we’ll give you the answer in about 24 hours! (Picture taken by volunteer J.J. Prekop Jr.), Build a hanging bird feeder and discover the types of birds you can attract to your back yard during the "Wildlife & Wood Workshop," Saturday, January 30 at 11 a.m., at Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park. Cost is $10 and space is limited. Registration begins THURSDAY, 1/21 (330-865-8065)., Tricia, thanks for posting the cool b&w photo!, Winter sports update: All winter sports facilities are CLOSED., Winter sports update: All ice skating areas are CLOSED. All sledding areas remain open. Have a good weekend!, Join us for a live demo on techniques and recipes for campfire meals, drinks and desserts, and sample three to four great campfire foods, SUNDAY, January 17 at 1 p.m., at the Goodyear Memorial Pavilion (2077 Newton St., Akron). Please bring your own utensils, plates & napkins., These winter sports facilities are OPEN: All sledding areas and the ice skating areas at Big Bend, Goodyear Heights and the Gorge. (Furnace Run and Silver Creek ice skating areas are closed.) http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/WinterSports.aspx, Warm up during a 1.6-mile HIKE and CAMPFIRE, and discover how animals are equipped to handle freezing temperatures and life in the dark, tomorrow, Friday, January 15 at 7 p.m., at the Tuscarawas Meadows Area in Firestone Metro Park (2620 Harrington Rd., Akron). Marshmallows will be provided for roasting, while supplies last., A blue sky, sunshine and 29 degrees here at the admin offices in Akron! What a great time to get outside ..., Don’t forget to recycle your Christmas tree in the Metro Parks! Live trees –- cleaned of all decorations, garland and tinsel –- can be dropped off through January 31. Drop-off locations are listed here: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/GetInvolved/Recycling.aspx#trees, Renae, thanks for posting your pictures ... very nice!, The Big Bend ice skating area is now OPEN!  (1337 Merriman Rd., Akron), Can you guess where this picture was taken? (Hint: Along a trail in your Metro Parks, but NOT at the Gorge.) Post your guess and we’ll give you the answer in about 24 hours!, Thanks to Priscilla and Amy for sharing their great park photos!, Mother Nature sure looks beautiful covered in snow … If you’ve taken any nice pictures in your Metro Parks lately, SHARE them here!, Enjoy the snow! Hike five miles through a winter wonderland with volunteer Pat Patterson, TOMORROW, Saturday, January 9 at 9 a.m., starting at the Pioneer Lot in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (550 Frazier Ave., Akron)., Let's try another one. What made this snowy track? We'll share the answer Friday., Do you know what animal made the tracks pictured? Children 3 to 6 will learn about snowy footprints and enjoy a craft and short hike during January’s Kinderealm programs. Registration starts tomorrow at 10 a.m. To register, call 330-865-8065. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?year=2010&month=1, Learn how to have a fun WINTER camping experience during three FREE workshops held Tuesdays, January 12, 19 and 26 at 7 p.m., at Shady Hollow Pavilion in Sand Run Metro Park. After attending all three programs, you can camp in a Metro Park during a weekend in February. Registration is required by calling 330-865-8065. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?year=2010&month=1, OUTDOOR ALMANAC FOR JANUARY: As they begin to nest, Northeast Ohio’s larger owls, including barred, screech and great horned (pictured) varieties, forage at night over open fields. Our year-round chickadees, blue jays and cardinals search for high-energy foods at backyard feeders., Happy New Year! Make it your resolution to hike, fish, bike, swim, run, sled or volunteer in your Metro Parks in 2010. What will YOU do? (Pictured: The Parcours Trail in Sand Run Metro Park), Is your New Year’s resolution to get in shape? Burn calories and give your heart a healthy workout by hiking, running, sledding, ice-skating, snowshoeing and cross-country skiing in the Metro Parks. For activities and locations, click here: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/WinterSports.aspx, More snow means more fun! Do you have plans for sled riding in the Metro Parks today or this weekend?, Don't forget to recycle your Christmas tree! Live trees –- cleaned of all decorations, garland and tinsel –- can be dropped off for recycling, December 26 through January 31. Trees are chipped into mulch, which is used throughout the park district. Drop-off locations are listed here: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/GetInvolved/Recycling.aspx#trees, Get a new sled? Visit any one of our sled hills for a winter thrill-ride this week. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/WinterSports.aspx, Can you hear us now? If you receive a new cell phone as a gift this season, recycle your old phone in the Metro Parks. Doing so can prevent harmful chemicals from polluting the environment.
http://www.summitmetroparks.org/GetInvolved/Recycling.aspx#cells, What makes a mammal a mammal and not a reptile? Kids 6 to 12 join a naturalist to learn how animals are classified, Saturday, December 26 at 2 p.m., at the Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park (40 Axline Ave., Akron). Program includes a craft and short hike, weather permitting., The entrance to the Top O’ the World Area in Hampton Hills Metro Park (1285 Bath Rd., Cuyahoga Falls) is closed for the season. It will reopen in late spring, once snow and heavy rains cease. ‘Til then, you can park at the main entrance and reach the Top O’ the World via the 3.2-mile Adam Run Trail., Welcome the winter solstice – the first official day of winter. Today is the shortest day of the year., Winter officially arrives at 12:57 p.m. on Monday, December 21! Join us for a “School’s Out Cookout” that day at 12 p.m., at the Pioneer Area in Goodyear Heights Metro Park (550 Frazier Ave., Akron). Bring your own hot dogs and buns to cook in the fireplace, and Metro Parks will provide the rest. After lunch, we'll hike to discover what critters are enjoying the great outdoors., Need to redeem your Fall Hiking Spree form but can’t make it to the administrative offices on weekdays? Stop by tomorrow, Saturday, December 19 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. (975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron). These are the FINAL special Saturday hours!, On December 16, two bald eagles were spotted in a sycamore tree by the intersection of Bath and Riverview roads, near O’Neil Woods Metro Park in Bath. Volunteer Doug Dawes captured these shots of the majestic predators. 

Bald eagles have made a big comeback to the area over the past 25 years, so sightings are common, especially near Sand Run and Cascade Valley. 

If you see an eagle in our parks, let us know: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/NatureInformation/ReportASighting.aspx , The sun is shining here at the admin offices in Akron ... If you can, get out and soak up some rays!, Hike the 1.2-mile Pheasant Run Trail in Silver Creek Metro Park this Saturday at 2 p.m. Naturalist Mike Greene leads this "Wildlife Scavenger Hunt" to search for tracks and scat., If you need help attaching the 2009 Fall Hiking Spree shield to your hiking staff, volunteers will gladly attach it for you, Wednesday, December 16 from 6 to 9 p.m., at the Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park (40 Axline Ave., Akron)., Want to start a new family tradition this holiday season? Get everyone together to decorate your family Yule log, and learn the meaning of this ancient tradition, Sunday, December 13 at 1 p.m., at the Goodyear Memorial Pavilion (2077 Newton St., Akron). Each participant will be provided with a log, cones, ribbon and glue guns. Advance registration for this FREE program is required by calling 330-865-8065., Join a naturalist for an "Owl Prowl," Friday, December 11 at 7 p.m., at the Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park (40 Axline Ave., Akron).  Discover what kinds of owls live in our area and what makes them such great hunters, then look for owls outdoors while hiking about one mile., Give Mother Earth a gift by recycling your Christmas tree in the Metro Parks.   Live trees –- cleaned of all decorations, garland and tinsel –- can be dropped off for recycling, December 26 through January 31. Trees are chipped into mulch, which is used throughout the park district. Drop-off locations are listed here: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/GetInvolved/Recycling.aspx#trees, Pining for something green? Children 3 to 6 can learn about evergreens and make holiday crafts for free during "Kinderealm" programs this week at Shady Hollow Pavilion in Sand Run Metro Park. Registration is required and programs are filling up fast! For more info, visit our Web site:  http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?year=2009&month=12, Snow is coming, so plan your next winter sports trip in the Metro Parks. To find out where you can x/c ski, sled or ice skate, follow this link: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/WinterSports.aspx, Can you tell the difference between leafless oak, beech, maple and sassafras trees? If not, follow Naturalist Mike Greene on a 1.2-mile hike to discover clues on identifying trees in winter, Saturday, December 6 at 2 p.m., at the Oxbow Area in Cascade Valley Metro Park, 1061 Cuyahoga St., Akron., Attention hikers: You can redeem Fall Hiking Spree forms tomorrow, Saturday, December 5 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at our administrative offices, 975 Treaty Line Rd., Akron., Post your pictures taken while hiking in the Metro Parks this winter! Like this picture of a snowy tree in Sand Run Metro Park ..., OUTDOOR ALMANAC FOR DECEMBER: Bats and groundhogs are hibernating. Many frogs, turtles and snakes have moved to deep holes, while others have buried themselves in mud. Chipmunks are rarely seen; they are active underground. Dark-eyed juncos and American tree sparrows, two species typically seen here only during winter, may be spotted among leafless trees., Enjoy the Metro Parks on your PC, Mac, PSP, Palm or iPod. Our December desktop is available for download: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/News/Downloads.aspx, Can you name this tree? It may look familiar -- this species grows in many of your Metro Parks. Post your guess and we’ll give you the answer in about 24 hours!, Re: Nature Realm progress – The grand opening is Saturday, March 20, the first day of spring. Outside, visitors will notice a new welcome kiosk, accessible walkway, rain barrels, solar panels and a program deck and fireplace overlooking Seneca Pond. New exhibits and green features are inside. Here's a sneak-peek of the new entrance. Watch for more photos in the coming months., Chew on this: Americans consumed between 3,000 and 5,000 calories yesterday. We recommend burning off the feast with a hike or jog in the Metro Parks., The wild turkey – seen year-round in Sand Run, Cascade Valley, Hampton Hills and O'Neil Woods – is much different than the bird on your Thanksgiving table. For starters, it is three to four feet tall, weighs up to 24 pounds and can reach flight speeds of up to 50 miles an hour. A farm-raised fowl can be twice as heavy, and its size leaves it without the ability to fly., Burn off those extra pieces of pumpkin pie while you learn who walked the woods of Hampton Hills before us, Friday, November 27 at 2 p.m. Meet at the park’s main entrance (2925 Akron-Peninsula Rd., Akron). Naturalist Dee Casteel leads this 1.6-mile hike along difficult terrain., The Fall Hiking Spree ends in one week! Finish your eight hikes to receive a reward. If you need a form, download one from our Web site. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents/FallHikingSpree.aspx, The Buckeyes won today. To see some real buckeyes, head to Deep Lock Quarry, home to more Ohio buckeye trees than any other Metro Park in Summit County. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/DeepLockQuarry.aspx, Sign up to receive our new monthly e-newsletter. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/contactus.aspx, See layers of rock formations and discover how the stunning slabs of earth were created –- and later used by locals –- while hiking the rugged 1.8-mile Glens Trail with Naturalist Mike Greene, Sunday, November 22 at 2 p.m., at Gorge Metro Park, 1160 Front St., Cuyahoga Falls., The green building, home to rangers and the natural resources department, was named the greenest building in Ohio by the U.S. Green Building Council in February 2009. View 360-degree tours on our Web site: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/InsideMetroParks/Green-Building.aspx, As you finish the Fall Hiking Spree, bare trees may offer more opportunities to see animals out and about. If you spot something rare -- or a critter you simply haven't seen before -- report your sighting to our natural resources department through our Web site. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/NatureInformation/ReportASighting.aspx, null, The Beacon Journal reported today on our plans for Springfield Bog Metro Park and efforts to conserve wetlands. http://www.ohio.com/news/top_stories/70120862.html, Bring your four-legged friends to Silver Creek Metro Park's Big Oak Area, 5199 Medina Line Rd., Norton, this Sunday, November 15, for the 12th annual Hiking Spree for Dogs at 2 p.m. All animals receive a special reward after hiking the 2-mile Chippewa Trail, and people get hiking spree credit. Pets must be on leashes and under their owner's control at all times., Do you give a hoot about owls? If so, follow Naturalist Mike Greene on an “Owl Prowl,” Saturday, November 14 at 7 p.m., at Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park, 40 Axline Ave., Akron. After learning about the birds’ unique traits, head outside to look and listen for screech, barred and great-horned owls., Did you know that coyotes can be found in each of our Metro Parks? Join Naturalist Pat Rydquist tomorrow, Friday, November 13 at 8 p.m., to learn about this amazing, adaptive animal. The program, at Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park, 40 Axline Ave., includes a short hike and coyote sing-along., Take advantage of today’s sunshine and hit the trails, ride your bike, go fishing, look for birds … just enjoy some time in your Metro Parks!, Finished the Fall Hiking Spree but need help attaching the shield to your hiking staff? Volunteers will attach it for you this Wednesday, November 11 from 6 to 9 p.m., at the Goodyear Memorial Pavilion in Goodyear Heights Metro Park, 2077 Newton St., Akron., The Browns can't lose today; it's a bye week. So get outside and enjoy the only browns worth celebrating this year, as a few fall colors remain in your Metro Parks., Earn hiking spree credit and learn the history of O’Neil Woods Metro Park on a 1.8-mile hike with Naturalist Dee Casteel this Sunday, November 8 at 2 p.m. Meet at the trail lot, 2550 Martin Rd., Bath. Expect difficult terrain. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/ONeilWoods.aspx, Registration begins today, Thursday, November 5, for this month's Kinderealm programs. Children 3 to 5 will celebrate the almost-national bird of the United States, make a craft and take a short hike. To register, call 330-865-8065 after 10 a.m. The free programs are offered eight times starting Wednesday, November 11 at 10:30 a.m., at Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park, 40 Axline Ave., Akron. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?year=2009&month=11, There's a light snow falling in parts of Akron. It shouldn't stick, but maybe it's not too early to start thinking about winter fun in the Metro Parks. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/WinterSports.aspx, NOVEMBER'S OUTDOOR ALMANAC: Wild turkeys abound in the Metro Parks, and are often seen in Sand Run, Cascade Valley, Hampton Hills and O'Neil Woods. Beavers work overtime collecting food for storage; they'll remain in lodges during winter, swimming under ice to retrieve sticks from their food piles. American Indians called November's full moon the Beaver Moon - a time when active beavers were easily trapped to make warm winter pelts. (Pictured: Beaver at Liberty Park, taken by Jerry Cannon), Enjoy the Metro Parks on your PC, Mac, PSP, Palm or iPod. Our November desktop is available for download: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/News/Downloads.aspx, Did you know that young cottontail rabbits can be on their own at 26 DAYS old? Join Naturalist Rachel Sokira to learn about these cute critters and take a night hike to see where they live, Thursday, October 29 at 7 p.m., at the Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park (40 Axline Ave., Akron)., More than 1,000 kids received Metro Parks trading cards during Boo at the (Akron) Zoo, October 23 – 25, 2009. 

Boo at the Zoo is one of many community events we participate in. 

Photos taken by volunteer Denny J. Reiser. 
, If you've already finished the Fall Hiking Spree, but attaching the shield to your hiking staff is harder than completing the hikes, volunteers will gladly attach it for you this Wednesday, October 28 from 6 to 9 p.m., at the Goodyear Memorial Pavilion in Goodyear Heights Metro Park, 2077 Newton St., Akron., Take a family-friendly surprise bike ride along the Towpath Trail, followed by a campfire, Friday, October 23 at 7 p.m., starting at the Mustill Store (248 Ferndale St., Akron). Come dressed in a costume that will not interfere with operating your bike. Riders must bring their own lights and campfire food. Helmets required., Congratulations to Herb McGaughey, who received the park district's "Star Volunteer" award during the Wednesday, October 21 board meeting. The volunteer school group guide said: "It's important that children are introduced to our natural world and learn to appreciate it." http://www.summitmetroparks.org/GetInvolved/Volunteer.aspx, Cheeks the chipmunk makes his FINAL appearance Thursday, October 22 from 6 to 7 p.m., at the Bike & Hike Trail's Barlow lot, 331 Barlow Rd., Hudson. Enjoy a self-guided hike to earn Fall Hiking Spree credit, receive a Metro Pack trading card and meet the mascot. Cancelled if it rains., Meet Cheeks the chipmunk and friend Buck the dog tomorrow, Sunday, October 18 from noon to 2 p.m., at Acme No. 11 (600 South Ave., Tallmadge), and receive a Metro Pack trading card., Calling all kids! Come in costume and pick your favorite trading card -- featuring our critters or Metro Leaf -- at our table along the Trick or Treat Trail, Saturday, October 17 from 3 to 5 p.m., at Boettler Park (5300 Massillon Rd., Green). Admission cost for the event is a non-perishable food item. http://www.cityofgreen.org/trick-or-treat-trail-farmers-market-hayrides/10172009, Are bats really blind, and will they get into your hair? Join Naturalist Meghan Doran as she debunks batty myths and searches for little mammals flying around the meadows, Saturday, October 17 at 6 p.m., at Goodyear Heights Metro Park, 2077 Newton St., Akron. Bring your dinner to cook over the fire until 6:30 p.m., when the program officially begins. (Pictured: A little brown bat, the most common bat species in the Metro Parks), Springfield Bog will become a Metro Park, the Trust for Public Land (TPL) announced Monday, October 12, with the purchase of 165 acres in southeast Summit County.

Keith Shy, director-secretary of the park district, said: "We're excited about the land. We wanted a greater presence in this area, and its quality wetlands and a potential prairie will make it a unique Metro Park."

TPL is a national land-conservation group with an office in Cleveland., Did you know that the feathers on an owl's face help it to better hear its prey? Join Naturalist Rachel Sokira to explore these birds of the night, Thursday, October 15 at 7 p.m., at Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park, 40 Axline Ave., Akron. Learn how you can attract them to your back yard, and take a night hike to see where these birds live in the park. (Pictured: A great horned owl, the largest of Ohio's resident owl species), Re: Floating towpath parking – There is a new parking lot on Wilbeth Road, but to the park district's knowledge, the city of Akron and/or its contractor have not signed off on the project, so it is not officially open. Further, Metro Parks does not have a management agreement with the city for the lot, kiosk and restrooms. For a list of open lots along towpath sections that we manage, please visit our Web site:
http://www.summitmetroparks.org/ParksAndTrails/TowpathTrail.aspx, Cheeks the chipmunk makes another appearance Tuesday, October 13 from 12 to 1 p.m., at the Towpath Trail's Big Bend trailhead, 1337 Merriman Rd., Akron. Enjoy a self-guided hike to earn Fall Hiking Spree credit, receive a Metro Pack trading card and meet the mascot. Cancelled if it rains., If you've already finished the Fall Hiking Spree, but attaching the shield to your hiking staff is harder than completing the hikes, volunteers will gladly attach it for you this Sunday, October 11 from 1 to 4 p.m., at Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park, 40 Axline Ave., The last Fall Family Outing is this Saturday, October 10 from 6 to 9 p.m., at Silver Creek Metro Park, 5000 Hametown Rd., Norton. Enjoy free hayrides, bonfires, live music, seasonal refreshments and more., Enjoy the Fall Hiking Spree? Share your story with us, and your thoughts could be included in park promotions and publications. Fill out our online contact form to tell us what you like about the 46-year-old spree. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/contactus.aspx, Cheeks the chipmunk will be at Munroe Falls Metro Park (521 S. River Rd., Munroe Falls) this Thursday, October 8 from 6 to 7 p.m. Enjoy a self-guided hike to earn Fall Hiking Spree credit and receive a Metro Pack trading card. Cancelled if it rains., The question was asked: What do bats do in winter? Well, some hibernate, some fly south. Read more about our native bat species on our Web site: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/NatureInformation/Bats!.aspx, OCTOBER'S OUTDOOR ALMANAC: Preparing for winter, many plants die back to their roots; they will overwinter as seeds or remain as shadows of their former selves above ground. With Halloween around the corner, bat myths are on the rise, but here are the facts: Bats are not blind; they use echolocation to navigate, and they’re lunar phobic, meaning they avoid flying on moonlit nights to hide from owls and other predators. (Pictured: Little brown bats), The first of two Fall Family Outings is this Saturday, October 3 from 6 to 9 p.m., at Goodyear Heights Metro Park, 2077 Newton St., Akron. Enjoy free hayrides, bonfires, live music, seasonal refreshments and more., Enjoy the Metro Parks on your PC, Mac, PSP, Palm or iPod. Our October desktop is available for download. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/News/Downloads.aspx, See our Metro Leaf mascot and Bike Patrollers during the CiderFest Parade in Norton, Saturday, September 26. Parade starts at 10 a.m. near Grace Church on S. Cleveland-Massillon Road and ends at the festival site (Columbia Woods Park)., Congratulations to Jeanne Smith, who received the "Star Volunteer" award during yesterday's board meeting. The Bike Patrol volunteer called the Metro Parks "one of our area's most precious resources." http://www.summitmetroparks.org/GetInvolved/Volunteer.aspx, Cheeks the chipmunk makes another appearance Thursday, September 24 from 6 to 7 p.m. at the Big Oak Area in Silver Creek Metro Park, 5199 Medina Line Rd., Norton. Enjoy a self-guided hike to earn Fall Hiking Spree credit, receive a Metro Pack trading card and meet the mascot. Cancelled if it rains., Visit our booth during "Zoobilation Members Only Day" at the Akron Zoo, Saturday, September 19 from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Meet our Metro Leaf mascot from 12 to 2!, Help celebrate the "Year of the River" by cleaning up a section of the Tuscarawas this Saturday from 9 a.m. to noon in Firestone Metro Park, 2620 Harrington Rd., Akron. Advance registration is required by Thursday, September 17 at 4:30 p.m. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents.aspx?id=774, Audio tours are available for select Fall Hiking Spree trails. Have you listened yet? Download them from 91.3 The Summit. http://www.913thesummit.com/podcast/, Enjoy a self-guided hike to earn Fall Hiking Spree credit, receive a Metro Pack trading card and meet Cheeks the chipmunk tomorrow, Tuesday, September 15 at noon, at the Big Bend Trailhead, 1337 Merriman Rd., Akron. Cancelled if it rains., Enjoy a self-guided hike to earn Fall Hiking Spree credit, receive a Metro Pack trading card and meet Cheeks the chipmunk tonight, Thursday, September 10 at 6 p.m., at Liberty Park, 3973 E. Aurora Rd., Twinsburg. Cancelled if it rains., Metro Parks and 91.3 The Summit are offering audio tours during the Fall Hiking Spree. Hit the trails this fall with your own personal guide! http://www.913thesummit.com/podcast/, Enjoy the Metro Parks on your PC, Mac, PSP, Palm or iPod. Our September desktop is available for download. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/News/Downloads.aspx, OUTDOOR ALMANAC FOR SEPTEMBER: Shorter days signal plants to begin shutting down their food-making factories. Green fades from leaves, exposing their red, yellow and orange colors. Witch-hazel, a medicinal plant used in deodorants, soaps and lotions, starts to bloom., The Fall Hiking Spree begins today. Hike eight trails to earn this year's hiking shield, featuring Sunflower the chickadee. Download a hiking form on our Web site: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents/FallHikingSpree.aspx, Get an early start to the 46th Fall Hiking Spree at the kickoff, Sunday, August 30 from 1 to 3 p.m., at Deep Lock Quarry Metro Park, 5779 Riverview Rd., Peninsula. Pick up your hiking forms, complete your first hike of the spree, buy hiking spree t-shirts and ask naturalists your wildlife questions. All other hikes must be completed Sept. 1 - Nov. 30. Forms also available online: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activ, Congratulations to the Kane family, of Akron, who received the park district's "Star Volunteer" award yesterday during a meeting of the Board of Park Commissioners. All four family members volunteer at summer concerts. Dad said the parks provide them with an escape from their busy lives and city noise. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/GetInvolved/Volunteer.aspx, Hard to believe, but summer is coming to a close. Swim season ends this weekend at Munroe Falls Metro Park (521 S. River Rd., Munroe Falls) and Silver Creek Metro Park (5000 Hametown Rd., Norton). Enjoy lake swimming one last time this year. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/Swimming.aspx, Advance registration for the STOMP Bicycle Adventure ends Monday, August 24. The September 5 event is presented by Cascade Subaru and is a fund-raiser for Citizens for Metro Parks. All proceeds for STOMP (the "Summit Tour of Metro Parks") benefit Metro Parks, Serving Summit County. http://www.stompbikeride.com/, Fall Hiking Spree forms are now available online (summitmetroparks.org) and at all Acme Fresh Market stores. The spree begins September 1 and continues through November 30., Enjoy two "Picnic in the Park" performances by the non-profit VERB Ballets tonight and tomorrow from 8:45 to 10:15 p.m. at Goodyear Heights Metro Park, 2077 Newton St., Akron. For more information, call the City of Akron Recreation Bureau at 330-375-2835. http://www.verbballets.org/, Enjoy a family night out tonight at Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park, 40 Axline Ave., Akron. We have kids' activities from 7 to 7:30 followed by an hour of live music by the Metro Parks Ensemble. Friends of Metro Parks serves free dessert while supplies last, and boy scouts sell hotdogs. The event will be cancelled if it rains, but the forecast looks great., Enjoy FREE lake swimming from 5 to 8 p.m. and a one-hour performance by the Metro Parks Ensemble, Tuesday, August 11 at Munroe Falls Metro Park. Concert starts at 6:30 p.m., and free cake and ice cream served while supplies last. Meet Cheeks the chipmunk, Metro Leaf and Acme’s Buck the dog! If rain is in the forecast, call 330-865-8060 after 4 p.m. for concert status., Weather permitting, Shout! & The Classic All-Star Revue perform tonight at 7 p.m. at Goodyear Heights Metro Park, 2077 Newton St., Akron. Bring a blanket or chair to sit on. For more information, call the City of Akron Recreation Bureau at 330-375-2835., OUTDOOR ALMANAC FOR AUGUST
What’s happening outdoors this month? Live-bearing snakes give birth to small, slithery young. The turtle and snake eggs that were laid in June begin to hatch. Squirrels and other rodents collect and cache acorns to utilize during winter months. Sunflowers begin to burst with bright color. Soon, their seeds will provide a tasty treat for local birds., The Tinkers Creek Watershed Partners are sponsoring a photo contest. Photos must be taken within the four-county Tinkers Creek Watershed. Deadline to enter is August 14. http://www.tinkerscreekwatershed.org/, Weather permitting, the city of Akron's "Friday Night Concert Series" continues tonight at 7 p.m. at Goodyear Heights Metro Park, 2077 Newton St., Akron. The band Greased Lightening performs dance and show tunes. Bring a blanket or chair to sit on. For mo, Enjoy the Metro Parks on your PC, Mac, PSP, Palm or iPod. Our August desktop is available for download. http://www.summitmetroparks.org/News/Downloads.aspx, Visit the Metro Parks site at the Summit County Fairgrounds during the fair, July 28 through August 2, at 800 North Ave. (SR91 Entrance), Tallmadge. Visit summitfair.com for details on the Summit County Fair., Visit the Metro Parks booth at the Akron Arts Expo this weekend at Hardesty Park, 1615 W. Market St., Akron. Volunteers will have maps, publications and other information. The event includes more than 160 artists, a children’s area and live entertainment., Download our summer Green Islands Magazine and the solution to its "Park Puzzler" on page 11: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Publications/GreenIslands.aspx, The STOMP Bicycle Adventure, a fund-raiser for Citizens for Metro Parks, is Saturday, September 5 in Cuyahoga Valley National Park. Riders who register before July 29 receive a FREE event T-shirt, a $10 value. Visit www.stompbikeride.com for information, and become a fan of STOMP on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/pages/STOMP-Bicycle-Adventure/87579758069, In the July "Best Of" issue, readers of Akron Life & Leisure Magazine named Metro Parks "Best Place to Volunteer" for the third year in a row., FREE outdoor concert tonight at Coventry Oaks Pavilion in Firestone Metro Park. Kids activities with a naturalist and the Akron Zoo from 7 - 7:30 p.m. One-hour performance by the Akron Pops Orchestra starts at 7:30 p.m. Free cake and ice cream, while supplies last. Boy Scouts sell hot dogs, chips and pop. See you there!, The administrative offices are closed today, Friday, July 3, for the Fourth of July holiday, but the Metro Parks are open 365 days a year., Don't forget to finish your five Spree For All hikes -- the event ends June 30. 
For more info and to download a hiking form, visit: http://www.summitmetroparks.org/Activities/ProgramsAndEvents/SpreeForAll.aspx, Rain should hold off ‘til 9 p.m., so enjoy some live music tonight! Join drummer Rebekah Benner around the campfire healing Mother Earth at 7 p.m. at Tuscarawas Meadows/Firestone Metro Park. Bring chairs, marshmallow sticks and your own drums and rattle, Visitors enjoyed meeting the park district's newest mascot, Cheeks the chipmunk, Tuesday, June 16., null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null)