List(Happy Birthday to Glenn!ðŸŽ‚ðŸŽˆðŸŽ‰ðŸŽ, Come on down to Glenn's this Sunday, the 20th for a return visit from the Red Hot Texas Blues Man, Willie J. Laws & his Band!if you haven't seen them, how's your last chance at our good old digs!
6-9pm, Never a Cover., Sunday the 13th continues our countdown of final Sunday Soul evenings before Glenn's moves to it's new home at the Tannery. Host, Justin Quinn will share the stage with guitarist and singer, Peter "HiFi" Ward.
The evening promises lots of rockin' blues guitar playing and plenty of hot licks for the harmonica fans in attendance!
Don't forget, the last show is the 27th...
6-9pm, Never a Cover., This Sunday, the 6th, we're starting the countdown to Dec. 27th- which will be the last performance of "Sunday Soul" at our present location. ( close to 17 yrs running!)
We've got a real Glenn's favorite this week with Rico Barr& the Jump & Jive Review!
6-9pm, Never a Cover!, The clock is winding down at Glenn's before we move to our new location in the Tannery. Why not come by and give thanks for being able to hear a band like The Love Dogs, hosted by their singer/drummer, extraordinaire- Ed Scheer! This Sunday, Thanksgiving Weekend, 6-9pm.
Never a Cover., We've still got a few weeks to go in our present location and some great bands to send us off to our new venue, in the New Year!
This Sunday,11/22, Racky Thomas and his Traveling Medicine Show Band!
Racky and the guys are one of our most fun and popular acts. Help us celebrate 16 yrs of Sunday Soul Music ( music for the soul, mind & body)
6-9pm, Never A Cover.
( free your mind and your ass will follow! ), If you been feeling a lack of Funk and Soul in your life, lately, then Glenn's is the place to be this Sunday, the 15th, when Groove Authority will be here to give one and all a transfusion of Funk!
6-9pm, Never a Cover., This Sunday, the 8th of November, Mark Early, the fine sax player most recently associated with Room Full of Blues, will host Dennis Brennan, blues singer and harmonica player at Glenn's.
A fine show is guaranteed!
6-9pm, Never a Cover., Nov. 1st and the clocks are turning back and not even a Pats game to part the gloom...
Get yourself down to Glenn's Sunday Night and catch The Tim Gartland Band! Throw off the seasonal blues with some foot stompin' Blues and good rockin' R&B. This is Tim's first time at Glenn's so check him out!
6-9pm, Never a Cover., Last Sunday was a great musical night with the Willie J. Laws Band and I'm excited to say that this Sunday will be it's equal with the long time Queen of the New England Blues Singer's, Ms. Tony Lynn Washington! She'll be hosted by the always entertaining raconteur of the skins, Mr. Ed Scheer! Come down early and catch most of the night before the game even starts!
Not to be missed...
6-9pm, Oct., 25th
Never a Cover!, This is one you're not going to want to miss! Texas BluesManExtraordinaire, Willie J. Laws & Band are back! More and more folks are finding their way down to Glenn's every time Willie & Company are back with their fine show.
The Pats are going to win so do something interesting!
6-9pm, Never a Cover!, Change of plans tonight, instead of Delaware Floyd we have the local
Band Cuppa Joe with Joe Holiday
playing guitar.  A great show not to be missed!!  Come on down and have a fun filled time., tuiles, tuiles, tuiles glorious tuiles!!, The great, Johnny Bluehorn will be at Glenn's this Sunday, the 4th! What an excellent way to ring in the new season!
6-9pm, Never a Cover., We've got a special evening of entertainment for live music lovers this Sunday, the 20th, at Glenn's. Ed Scheer, drummer and vocalist extraordinaire, will be hosting the exciting entertainer, Gracie Curran! 
(Check out the link on the Glenn's Calendar for You Tube clips)
Live Music, most every Sunday for 16yrs! Never a Cover, 6-9pm., Rob visiting our friend Paul Markis at Jeveli's Restaurant.  Sharing our local
bar, Brad Faucher and the 450 Session Band will be back at Glenn's this Sunday the 13th.
Brad's a fine guitar slinger and has a mixed bag of tunes from gritty old R&B through to swingin' blues and funky jazz grooves.
6-9 pm, Never a Cover., Labor Day Weekend is here, folks! Last chance of the summer to get out and see some great live music at Glenn's. We've got it in spades for Labor Day with the great Michelle Willson ( that's 2 L's! )
6-9pm, Never a Cover., The 30th of August is a special night... Vocalist, harmonicist, Cheryl Arena is teamed with guitarist and vocalist Danielle Miraglia and they're being anchored by the fine time keeping of host, Ed Scheer and his box of tunes.
6-9pm, Never a Cover, This Sunday, Aug, 23rd, I'll be playing some harp and singing lots of blues with Peter "Hi Fi" Ward on guitar and lots of great tunes that he'll bring!
6-9pm, Never a Cover.
Hope to see you there,
Justin., This Sunday we have some fantastic music!
Eddie Scheer will be here featuring Lydia Warren. Always a great show with Eddie and Lydia. Come on in an enjoy the music. 6-9.
Always a pleasure never a cover!!, Tuiles!!! Tuiles!!! Tuiles!!!
Beautiful day to have your dessert first!!, This week we have a special act who has been at Glenn's a couple of times, now, and created quite a positive reaction! Mr. Noe Socha with his band. Noe came to the Boston area a few years ago from his native Italy to study guitar at Berklee. After graduation he decided to stay. He's mastered the blues and jazz styles that drew him to Boston and Berklee and has added an unusual harmonica style to his musical presentations. If you haven't seen this young man than do yourself a favor and catch him this Sunday, the 9th at Glenn's.
6-9pm, Never a Cover., Hey Music Lovers! The August Heat Wave is Here and at Glenn's we've got just the thing for it; the Cool Sounds of Brad Faucher and Session 450! Brad's got it down from funk to blues to swingin' guitar shuffles. I'll be there to join in on my harmonica and sing a few tunes, too. So come on out on Sunday, Aug., 2nd at Glenn's!  6-9pm
Never a Cover., All you Jump Blues, Harp and Sharp Guitar lovers will want to take note of this Sunday, July 19th because Mr. Nick & the Dirty Tricks will be back at Glenn's for their only summertime engagement!
6-9pm, Never A Cover!, We've been having a great turnout this summer for our Sunday Soul music series. 
 ( now in its 16th year! )
This Sunday, the 12th, we have a fine band that was started right here in Nbpt. Back for the 2nd time we have the swingin' blues of, Cuppa Joe!
6-9pm, Never A Cover., What in the world are Long Island blow fish tails?  Leave it to Glenn to find them and put them on the menu!!  Tonight we are going to fry em come on in and try them!!
Thanks again Max for turning us on to these
Real delicacies!!, We have a great band coming to Glenn's to celebrate the 4th of July weekend, folks. Orville Giddings will be bringing his fine mix of uptempo blues, R&B and swing. Orville's an enthusiastic guitarist and fine singer who loves what he does and it shows. He'll have old friend, Dave Sag on bass and Roomful sax man, Mark Early on the horn.
6-9pm Sunday, 7/5/15
Never A Cover, Have some fun this Father's Day, June 21 with Delaware Floyd and his Soul Band. If you like great soul and R&B, than it's Glenn's this Sunday from 6-9pm. Never A Cover.
Reservations suggested., Just wanted to thank everyone who made
The Mad Hatter Tea Party a great success!
All of us at Glenn's were happy to help with
This great cause Ovarian Cancer Awareness.
Thanks Anne Marie Salmon, Peggy Egan, Krys Whipple and Chris French., I'm really looking forward to this Sunday, June 14th at Glenn's. I'll be hosting one of my favorite bands, Racky Thomas & The Traveling Medicine Show Band. If you haven't caught this act then you really should check them out! Call for a reservation, 6-9pm, Never a Cover., The Big Barbecue Man Himself is going to be here at Glenn's this Sunday! That's Sweet Willie "D"!!! We've been looking forward to seeing the Big "D" again and it's almost time!
6-9pm, Never a Cover!, It's summertime folks and time to get out of the house, see what's cooking at Glenn's and check out the summer line up for Sunday Soul. We are going into our 20th year of hosting great music on Sunday nights. This Sunday, May 31st, Ed Scheer will be hosting Lisa Marie & All Shook Up. Lisa's got a voice that goes from sweet to swing and everything in between with a great band to boot!
6-9pm, Never A Cover!, null, Come on out and join us at Glenn's Sunday as we kick off the Memorial Day Weekend with the crowd pleasing favorites; Rico Barr & the Jump & Jive Revue!
6-9pm, Never a Cover., Come in for your squash blossoms tonite, hurry they sell out fast!, Hey, Folks! Willie's Back!
No, not Willie Nelson, the other great Willie from Texas, Willie J. Laws! He's coming back to Glenn's this Sunday, May 17th, with his compadres O.C. On drums and Big Malcolm on bass and if you haven't heard this Texas Trio play some blues grooves than you better get down there before the BBQ runs out!
6-9pm, Never a Cover ( for over 16 yrs.), This Sunday is Mother's Day! Why not take Mom out for something good to eat and to listen to some great music at no additional cost? 
Glenn's has the great song stylist, Michelle Willson lined up for Sunday. Michelle has been a favorite of the Glenn's regular's for years and she always surprises us with something new and something blue!
6-9pm, Never a Cover. ( reservations recommended), This Sunday, May 3rd ( didn't we have 4 ft of snow a couple of weeks ago?), we have the "in the pocket" grooves of harmonicist and singer, Dennis Brennan, accompanied by guitarist extraordinaire, Matt Stubbs. These two always bring the goods! 
6-9pm, Never a Cover!, Julie's annual Equine Rescue Fete was a big success, this past Monday, with many fine items donated by generous local businesses and individuals. The music was perfect and provided by the Tim Gartland Band, a fine quartet featuring harmonica and keyboards, Squash Blossoms are back!! If you missed them last week you better hurry down we have a very limited quantity available. See you soon!!, We had a Great Nite, here at Glenn's this past Sunday! The place was packed, the hash was flyin' and the House was Rockin' with Johnny Bluehorn& the Caretakers! It was a fine way to lead into our Summer Season of Music.
This Sunday, April 26th, we have Ed Scheer hosting Danielle Miraglia & the Charles River Reprobates. A very hip and different sound combining Danielle's great voice and stage presence with unusual guitar and mandolin playing on cool roots grooves.
6-9pm Every Sun., Never A Cover!, They're back!!  First of the season 
Squash Blossoms!! Tempura stuffed
with goat's cheese and lobster then add
a touch of truffle honey!! Limited availability., Sunday, April 19th brings Johnny BlueHorn back to Glenn's! These guys always put on a great show and you can actually dance at Glenn's!
( Dance for those who can't )
6-9pm, Never a Cover., Tonight Glenn's is featuring Chatham and
Duxbury oysters for a buck an oyster.
Come on in and see Krys for a quick
Six on ice and a cool cocktail.  Glenn
also picked up striped sea bream filets
this morning at the fish pier., If you haven't been out to see Noe Socha, then this Sunday, April, 12th, is your best chance!
He's a citizen of Italy who came here to attend Boston's Berkeley School of Music and has been amazing audiences for the past few years with his brand of blues and jazz.
Sunday, 6-9pm, Never a Cover., Tonite Duxbury oysters 1.00 ea.grilled or chilled littleneck clams, sushi tuna,alaskan halibut, haddock,jumbo shrimp, faroe island salmon.see u soon!, Singer and drummer extraordinaire, Ed Scheer will host the Tony Gallo Experience this Sunday, March 29th at Glenn's Sunday Soul.  16+ yrs and counting!
6-9pm, Never a Cover!, This Sunday, March 22nd, Glenn's will bring back the big voiced harmonica player Mr. Nick and his band, The Dirty Tricks. I mention Nick's voice because, if you've seen ( and heard) him perform, you know that this fine singer doesn't really need a microphone! And it's always nice to see if guitarist, Lonesome Gus, has found a friend!
Sunday, 6-9pm- Never a Cover., Oysters, Oysters, Oysters!!!
Glenn's has Duxbury oysters for
eighty-five cents a piece all night
long. Come on in for dozen or so and
enjoy one of Krys' specialty cocktails 
or an icy cold draft., Happy Saint Patrick's Day!! Come on in for the best corned beef dinner around. Dinner
starts at 5.  We will also have Duxbury oysters for .85 tonight. Great night for a pint, oysters and a great corned beef dinner.
See you later., Tonight Glenn's will be featuring Duxbury
oysters for .85 a piece all night long. 
Come on in for a dozen and a brew., Tuesday, March 17 Glenn's will be serving
Patty O'Barbar's famous Corned Beef &
cabbage dinner. Come on in for dinner and a 
pint. Dinner served from 5., The clock's been pushed up, we've got several warm days on the horizon and yes, folks, Spring is in the air! A bit of cabin fever would be understandable, after a winter like this, so why not roll on down to Glenn's this Sunday, March 15th, and catch the wonderfully talented, RACKY THOMAS BAND. A favorite at Glenn's for years, Racky and the boys mix it up with blues, gospel and R&B in a most entertaining fashion. So make it a date and get out of the house!
6-9pm, Never a Cover., This Sunday, March 8th, Glenn's is bringing in the very talented and legendary, Digney Fignus! Digney has been preforming in the greater Boston area for many years and has written lots of cool tunes that he and his band will share with us on Sunday from 6-9pm. Never a Cover., Tonight March 3, Glenn's is featuring Duxbury oysters for 85 cents a piece all night long. Come on down and get your oyster fix. You can wash them down with one of Rob's fabulous cocktails or a nice cold draft. Open at five don't be late!!, Do you folks realize what this coming Sunday is? It's March 1st!!! And cause for celebration, not only because the worst of winter is on wane but because Glenn's will be bringing back the Brad Faucher Band! Brad's a man who can play a guitar just like he's ringing a bell! And this week you won't have to worry about missing any football, we got that one covered!
6-9pm, Never a Cover., What a shame to have missed Ed Scheer & Lisa Marie last weekend. But folks, salvation is coming straight from Texas in the form of the Willie J. Laws Band! 6-9pm this Sunday the 22nd. Roadhouse Blues & Razor Sharp R&B. Never A Cover., Due to the weather, we will be closed tonight, Sunday Feb.15. Stay safe and see you Tuesday Feb 17, Hopefully, Old Man Winter has just about run out of tricks because I've sure had enough!
Sunday the 15th Ed Scheer will host Lisa Marie and All Shook Up. If you want to hear a woman who can really sing and I mean sing, then get yourself down to hear Lisa at 6pm, sharp! Never a Cover 6-9pm., Well now I've really got it right,the date that is!
Tomorrow, Sunday, the 8th Glenn's will feature the Rockin' Blues Band, "Cuppa Joe"! 6-9pm and Never A Cover!, Just like me to mess up the band name! I apologize, fella's.
It's "Cuppa Joe" at Glenn's this Sunday the 9th! Check it out!
Never A Cover, 6-9pm, Hi Folks, we've had a change in the music for Sunday the 9th. Come on down to Glenn's and see the rockin' blues of "Cup a Joe". Remember, Never A Cover, 6-9pm., They did it!!! Brady and Belichick will have their names permanently inscribed on Mt. Gridiron! ( along with Butler, too ). 
Next Sunday Glenn's invites you down to hear some of the best blues, soul and rock 'n roll that your ever going to encounter in a small intimate environment with good food and drinks. Sound good? Wait 'til you hear Dennis Brennan and Matt Stubbs tear it up from 6-9pm, and never a cover charge, of course!, Glenn's will be closed on Super Bowl Sunday and Sunday Soul will be back with live music on Feb. 8th with Dennis Brennan and Matt Stubbs. If you like blues and R&B that's the "real thing", then meet us at 6pm! Never a Cover., Yes we are open tonight, Wednesday, January 28.
We have weathered the storm and are ready to get back to work.        Glenn's is featuring Duxbury Oysters on the half shell for 75 cents per oysta. Come on in and enjoy a dozen or so., Duxbury Oysters 75Â¢/oyster Tuesday through Thursday. Come on in an enjoy some great oysters at a fabulous price., Ed Scheer will be hosting some fine talent this Sunday the 25th at Glenn's! Take a week away from football ( it'll be that much better next week! ) and catch some great R&B, Blues and Soul with Diane Blue, Ricky "King" Russell and Alizon Lissance!
6-9 pm Never A Cover., null, Glenn's kicks off the 2015 Sunday Soul with Ed Scheer hosting Ricky "King" Russell, Diane Blue and Alison Lissance. It is sure to be a fabulous show.
Make your reservations early. 978-465-3811., Glenn's is featuring Duxbury Oysters on the half shell for 75Â¢/oyster Tuesday through 
Thursday.  Fabulous oyster for a fabulous
price., Ah, Football! Great game last week and I'm sure it will be this Sunday as well. 
Because the Pats are playing this Sunday, the 18th, we've decided to turn off the grill and watch the game at home with a few friends like everyone else. Who would want to miss this one?!!
We'll open up again on Tuesday the 20th. 
The fine Willie J. Laws Band will be re-scheduled for Sunday, Feb. 22.
Go Pats!, Well that certainly went by quick. The vacation is over and it is back
to work.  We will be reopening tomorrow, Tuesday January 13.
Come on by and see what the crew has been up to., Happy New Year!  First day of vacation.
Glenn says it is not the same without
Armi. Really?? Whatever!, Ring in the new year at Glenn's.  Glenn and
the boys have put together a fabulous menu
for the night. It doesn't get any better. Come on in and join us.  Starting dinner at 5.  
Happy New Year!!, Let us cook for you tonight!  Tonight's
Offerings: Seafood Marisco, Grilled American
Lamb Loin Chops, Loch Etive Salmon Trout. This is just a few selections off our ever changing menu. Come on in and join us tonight!
Some of the best food in not found on the beaten path. Take a walk on the other side., Ed Scheer will be hosting Graccie Curran this Sunday at Glenn's. Graccie just won the best Blues Band category at this year's Boston Music Awards. What a great opportunity to see some fine talent, get something really good to eat, be home early and have some money left in your wallet!
6-9pm, Never a Cover!, Michelle Willson and her Evil Gal Orchestra will be at Glenn's this Sunday, the 21st of Dec. to help us all get in the mood for the Holidays with some hip and swingin' Yuletide Tunes! Never a Cover. Be There or Be Square! 6-9pm., Guess who came to dinner??
 A blast from the past!!, As we gear up for the Holiday Season, nothing feels better than to get out of the house and unwind with some friends. 
No better way, to my mind, than to catch the legendary; Rico Barr and his Jump and Jive Revue! This Sunday at Glenn's!  6-9pm Never a Cover., It is Sunday. Come on down to Glenn's for some great food and music before kick off.
Pregame at Glenn's!!, This Sunday the 7th is special folks, I know there is a lot going on what with the Holiday almost upon us and the Pats gearing up for the playoffs, not to mention it being Pearl Harbor Day! But, if you can find the time to get down to Glenn's  you can unwind with the ever-rockin', CHRIS FITZ BAND. Chris and the guys only get here once a year around the holidays so come on out and bring on the holiday cheer!
6-9 pm. Never a Cover., Tired of cooking after Turkey Day? Come on down to Glenn's this Sunday Nov., 30th, have a bite of some fine food and catch the groovy tunes of Ed Scheer & The LOVEDOGS!!!
Never a Cover, 6-9pm., Regular Glenn's host, Justin Quinn will bring his own band into Glenn's this Sunday the 23rd. If you haven't heard this group over the years than now is your chance! Justin's bringing in Jon Ross on Guitar, Dave Sag on Bass, and everyone's favorite blues drummer, Per Hanson driving the bus. Get there early and stay late!
6-9pm, Never a Cover., Folks, if you haven't heard of Noe Socha, a young man from Italy who plays great Blues, Jazz and R&B, then now is your chance! This Sunday the 16th Noe will be at Glenn's with his Trio. He's a special player so come on down! 
6-9pm, Never a Cover., How did it get to be this cold and dark? Dare I say it? Winter is almost upon us, what to do?
Well, I've got an idea, why not make your way down to Glenn's this Sunday, Nov. 9th for some Serious Soul and Rhythm and Blues!
We are happy to announce that 
JOHNNY BLUEHORN and his BAND will be here from 6-9pm with no cover charge! Those in the know know that that's a deal. No two ways about it!, The leaves are down, less light, dark night is falling...well, throw caution to the wind,folks and come on out to Glenn's this Sunday Nov., 2nd for some live music and great food!
Mr Delaware Floyd Brown and the Energizers will be on the stage at 6pm!
The last time Mr Brown was here the guests were dancing in the isles to his mix of classic soul and blues tunes so get here early and reserve a table!
Live music every Sunday; 6-9pm-Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure., It's the end of October already. Time to try some of Glenn's seasonal menu specials, together with some Sunday Soul!
Ed Scheer will be hosting, Rockin' Ricky "King" Russell and Mario Perrett this Sunday the 26th. 
6-9 pm, Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure!, Hey! The Pats have won their game this week which leaves Sunday Evening open. Why not head down to Glenn's to listen to some good blues and R&B from the very entertaining Lisa Marie Band while enjoying a fine meal from Glenn's ever changing menu.
Great Live Music from 6-9pm
Every Sunday, Never a Cover., Great game today! Come down to Glenn's and follow it up with great
food and music., Chef Brando's having fun with food session. Come on in for his next
creation., null, Pan-seared duck breast. Just one of the new fall entrees. Osso buco, Roasted Root Vegetable Salad,
Grilled Delmonico Steak, Pan-
Roasted Halibut just to mention
a few. Come on in and Let us cook
for you. Dinner starts at five, drinks and apps at 4., This Sunday, October 12th brings back a true Glenn's favorite and a Smoking Singer/Harp Player ( harmonica, that is!). Mr Nick and the Dirty Tricks. Blues, R&B and Rock n' Roll that will set you up and knock you down like a Ten Pin!
6-9pm, Never a Cover!, I lost stop three was not home.
One more restaurant. He is on a roll., Stop two on the R &D tour. Hopefully next stop is home!! Anyone want to sign up for the next tour??, Glenn checking out another restaurant on Monday. Research 
and development. Having a little
fun., Beautiful Lamb Trio! Let's get the party started. Pregame at Glenn's!
Great food, drinks and some great music with The Orville Giddings Band, Come on in and let Newburyport's best chefs cook for you tonight., Sunday, Oct. 5th, Glenn's has got the Orville Giddings Band in from 6-9pm! 
No, I'm not talking about the popcorn king, this Orville really knows how to sing! Orville has been making music on the North Shore for years and he's bringing a smoking new band in for this date! Give a call and make a reservation!
6-9pm, Never a Cover., What a great excuse to get up and go out to hear some great live music, the Pats don't play until Mon. Night!
Get down to Glenn's early and stay late because Ed Scheer will be hosting the Roots and Blues Guitar Slinger, Chris Stovall Brown.
6-9pm every Sunday. Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure., If I'm not mistaken, this Sunday, September the 21st, is the last day of Summer! Instead of sitting around feeling all low down about it why not come out to Glenn's and hear some Great Blues from the Racky Thomas Band! These guys have been one of our top draw acts for years and Racky will make you forget all about the weather and the season when he starts singing those powerful blues and swing tunes. He even throws in a bit of gospel music to keep us all honest. It is Sunday, after all.
6-9pm, Never a Cover., Who's in the kitchen? Is this work or play?  Come on in and enjoy our house chacuterie plate with the
chef that brought chacuterie to Newburyport!, We have gone hog wild here at
Glenn's. Come on in and see what
we are so excited about!, Rico Barr and the Jump & Jive Revue! Now there's a good way to with the post pigskin situation, win or lose! Rico always brings a good time with him and this Sunday, the 14th, he'll be bringin' a swingin' time again! 
Sunday, 6-9pm. Never a Cover., I know, I know... It's opening day for the Pats and that's well and good but we've got the one and only Michelle Willson and her Evil Gal Orchestra on the same night! Combine that with Glenn's great cuisine and it's a no brainer! Especially knowing we'll keep the game on at the bar.
Sunday Soul. Music every Sunday, 6-9pm. Never a Cover., Labor Day weekend is upon us! As always, we ask,"where did the summer go?"
Well, the "Charles River Reprobates" will make you think it's spring time with their fresh sounding mix of country, blues and bluegrass music.
American Music! What better way to spend Labor Day Weekend!
Sunday, 8/31, 6-9pm
Never a Cover., August 24th brings Soul Man, Delaware Floyd and his band into Glenn's. Floyd is the real deal as are the rest of the guys in the band. If you want to hear some sweet Soul, R&B, and Blues done by guys on some of the original records then it's got to be Glenn's on Sunday!
6-9pm, Never a Cover., It's getting late! Summer is moving past, fast!
Time to take care of yourself.
How about the simmering soul and R&B of Sweet Willie "D", this Sunday, Aug.,17th at Glenn's? It's been awhile since "D" has been to Glenn's and we're excited to have he and his soulful band back!
Sunday night, 6-9pm. Never a Cover!, This Sunday, August 10th, Glenn's brings back one of our most requested bands! The powerful duo of singer/harmonica player, Dennis Brennan and guitarist extraordinaire, Matt Stubbs. Dennis and Matt, along with their band, always bring a fiery passion and power to the blues and R&B that they love and it shows! You know there are a lot of music venues around but not many that bring the kind of performers every Sunday that Glenn's has for over 16 years and we've never charged a cover! And I didn't even mention Glenn's great menu!
6-9pm, every Sunday., Sunday August 10th, brings back the ever popular Glenn's duo of singer/harp player Dennis Brennan and guitarist extraordinaire, Matt Stubbs. If you like blues and R&B done with passion and intensity ( who doesn't?) than make sure to head down to Glenn's this Sunday! 
6-9pm, Never a Cover., We're very excited to have The Noe Socha Trio at Glenn's this Sunday, August, 3rd. Noe is an electrifying performer on the guitar and harmonica and brings a new approach to traditional blues and jazz.
You shouldn't miss this remarkable young man!
Sunday, 6-9pm. Never A Cover., Come in out of the rain
For some great food and
music. We open at 3 and
the music starts at 6., It's Friday!  Come on in and see
What this motley crew can cook
up for you!, This Sunday, July 27th, Ed Scheer hosts Lisa Marie and Johnny Juxo! Come on down and hear some Rockin' Blues this weekend!
6-9pm, Never a Cover., They are back!!
Tempura Squash Blossoms
with lobster, goat's cheese
and truffled honey
Limited Quantity!!, Who is cooking dinner tonight?
Why not let Glenn and his crew
cook for you? 
Appetizers: Charred Moroccan Lamb Ribs
Duet of Bluefin Toro & Tartare
Fish Tacos
South Bay Blonde Oysters on the half
Entrees: Bluefin Tuna Au Poivre
Beef Wellington
Grilled Swordfish Oscar
Seafood Brodetto
Just to name a few., July has been a great month for Music at Glenn's. After a rousing night of music from Willie J. Laws last Sunday, we have Ricky "King " Russell coming in to rock the house on the 20th. Call ahead and get a good seat!
6-9pm, Never a Cover., Sunday Night 6 to 9 Live Music!!
Tonight it is the fabulous Willie J.
Laws Band with his Texas Style Blues.
Come on in and join the fun., It's Thursday!!
Thursday Night Fish Fry.
Come on in and have a Fried
Fish Basket for 9.99 and enjoy
one of Krystine's famous Summer
Citrus Martini of a nice cold draft.
Thursday night Fish Fry we open at 5:00!!, Hi Folks! Sunday Soul has really been cooking lately and it only got hotter when a hot trumpet player from Nbpt's finest stopped in to jam!

I've told you before about the Willie J. Laws Band. Now you have another chance to see what everyone is talking about!
Soulful singing, stinging Texas Blues and swampy grooves.
Sunday, July 13th. 
6-9pm, Never a Cover., Five Dollar Burgers!
Don't forget tonight
Glenn's will feature
Five Dollar Burgers.
Come on down and
have a burger with
Let's and Kit., Mike Mele a fine jazz, blues, and R&B guitarist, will be bringing a tight band to Glenn's this Sunday the 6th.
Mike normally shows up with the Evil Gal Orchestra and Michelle Willson. This time he's in cahoots with sax player, Mark Early ( from Room Full of Blues), bassist/vocalist-Dave Sag, and drummer/groove master- Zach Casher.
The weather may be hot outside but the music and the vibe at Glenn's is always Cool!
6-9pm, Never a Cover. 16+ yrs and going strong!, How do you like your
locally caught Bluefin
Tuna?  Glenn just picked
this tuna today. He also
picked up local sole, sea
scallops and South Bay
Blonde oysters., Five Dollar Burgers.
     Every Wednesday Glenn's will be featuring
     Five Dollar Burgers in our bar. Come on in 
     and have a burger with Krys and Kit. There
     is nothing like a great burger and a cool
     beverage. See you at Glenn's., New dish with our new crew., Glenn and Chris want to
Welcome Billy Brandolini
to the kitchen at Glenn"s.
Come on in see what this
Trio is cookin' up!!, June 29th Ed Scheer will host Jose Ramos, Noa Socha, and Mario Perrett. This promises to be quite an evening of music, folks! Jose, Mario, and Noa are all smoking improvisers on their respective "axes" and those of you who know Ed know that he always "brings it"
So bring yourselves down to Glenn's this Sunday, the music will be smokin' and the atmosphere is always Cool.
6-9pm Never A Cover!
(Going on 17 yrs of Music!), Next stop Chelsea to pick up the produce.
No wonder I don't get anything done., Picking up today's catch at George's Bank llc.
Come on in for the freshest fish in town!, Sunday, June 22, Glenn's brings back Mr. Nick and the Dirty Tricks. Nick has a great voice, plays a mean harmonica, writes some cool original tunes and has single handedly brought back the "Brylcreem" look! 6-9pm, Never a Cover!, June 22nd Glenn's brings back Mr Nick and the Dirty Tricks! He's got a great voice, plays a mean harmonica, writes some cool original tunes and has single handedly brought back the "Brylcreem" look!
Come on down, 6-9pm Sunday. Never a Cover., Let Glenn cook for you tonight.  Jack brought some
pristine halibut and swordfish and Glenn made some of 
his famous meatloaf.
Rob has been concocting some great drinks. Come on in 
and try his ginger sake cider, How fortunate are we? Very fortunate, in deed, to have the Racky Thomas Band back at Glenn's this coming Sunday, June 15th. 
Racky and the Band turn the the room into a real revival meeting every time they drop by!
6-9pm, Never A Cover!, Great night last night!  Fantastic fund raiser
For Karen & Erika who are riding the 
Pan Mass Challenge. Go get em!, June 8th brings back the very popular, Rico Barr and the Jump And Jive Revue. The band draws a great crowd and is a perfect excuse to get out of the house and maybe move your feet to Rico's swingin' beat and even have a bite of something good to eat!
Sunday's, 6-9pm. Never A Cover., We're starting June 1st and the summer season off in style with Brad Faucher and Session 450.  Blues, Funk, and good old R&B will be served up from 6-9 pm. Brad and the band are Glenn's regulars for a reason, they always deliver! 
Check out the Glenn's Calendar link for some video!
Never A Cover., Max and Jack's Catch of the Week:
Jumbo Soft Shell Crabs 
Atlantic Mahi-Mahi
Jumbo Sea Scallops from New Bedford
South Bay Blonde Oysters from Duxbury
Primo Swordfish 
Faroe Isle Salmon
Countneck Clams from CT
Come on in and let us
cook for you this week-end!! For fresh seafood
it doesn't get any fresher than this!!!, Start this summer off right with the swinging sounds of vocalist and entertainer, Michelle Willson and the Evil Gal Orchestra. Always a Glenn's favorite, Michelle and the guys will perform from 6-9pm, and get this, No Cover Charge!, Sunday the 18th of May,  Ed Scheer will host Diane Blue with Alizon Lissance and Ricky "King" Russell! A great night of music. 6-9pm and Never a Cover., Glenn just got back from the Boston Fish Pier
with this week's catch.
Maine Halibut
South Bay Blonde Oysters from the Cape
Fabulous Jumbo Sea Scallops from New Bedford.
For fresh seafood it doesn't' get any better than this.
Stop in this weekend and see what Glenn is cooking up!!!, Thanks Mom!!! Don't forget that Mother's Day is this Sunday,
 May 11. Make your reservations early. Glenn's will be open
all day Sunday, 12:00 to 9:00. Serving all your Glenn's favorites.
Call 978-465-3811 and make your reservations.  Don't wait till the last minute!!, Does your Mom like good food and music? Well, bring her on down to Glenn's on Mother's Day for something good to eat and to Listen to Dennis Brennan and Justin Quinn play some blues harmonica with the Matt Stubbs Band! 
6-9pm, Never A Cover Charge., Every week I'm excited by the fine musicians who perform at Glenn's on Sunday night! This week, May 4th, we have Ricky "King" Russell, who always puts on a great show and for the many friends of original host, Curtis Haynes, you can hang with him a bit when he stops by to say hello!
6-9pm, Never A Cover!, Sunday Soul is back after the Easter break with Ed Scheer hosting the attractive young Blues Chanteuse, Danielle Miraglia partnering up with the exciting Jimmy Ryan.
Music starts at 6 and goes until 9pm and there's Never a Cover. ( April 27th ), Just got Back from the Boston Fish Pier with
today's catch.
Swordfish, Hake, Pollock, Sea Scallops,
Tuna, South Bay Blonde Oysters.
Come on down and let Glenn cook for
you tonight. 
 Don't forget we have Red Sox
Yankees baseball tonight. Stop by and rag 
on our Yankees fan bartender Rob., null, Glenn's has a channel on You Tube! You can go there and see videos of some of our recent shows. Use it to preview upcoming bands or to see what you've been missing. Just go to You Tube and search for Glenn's Restaurant. You can see why Willie J. Laws and his band are being talked about!, For those of you who missed a great date in Feb., we're lucky to have another chance to show you what all the excitement was about! Willie J. Laws and his Texas Trio are back at Glenn's this Sunday,4/13. If you like blues, soul, funk and R&B ( and who doesn't?) you won't be disappointed! 6-9pm, Never a Cover-Always a Pleasure., Catch of the Day!!!
Powder Point Oysters, Duxbury, MA
Sushi Grade Tuna
Halibut 
Jumbo Sea Scallops
Come on in and let Glenn and cook for you tonight!!!, Are you ready for some Funk and good old Soul Music? Then come on down to Glenn's  this Sunday, the 6th, to catch Groove Authority when they take the stage. 6-9pm, Never a Cover ( always a pleasure!)., Had an unbelievable night of music with Toni, Ed, Mario, Mike and Randy.  If you missed it go to Glenn's Channel on You Tube and catch the great music of the Queen of the Blues.  Thanks Eric!!!, Just another reminder that the very stylish, unique and always magisterial Toni Lynn Washington will be singing, as only she can, tomorrow night, Sunday the 30th, at Glenn's. 
Treat yourself to a little something good to eat and a glass of wine while you listen to some great tunes from Toni Lynn and the band, led by Ed Scheer.  6-9pm!, Sunday, March 30 Ed Scheer hosts Toni Lynn Washington.
Come on down and enjoy the Queen of the Blues.
Always a pleasure, Never a cover!!
Music is 6 -9., Wednesday, Why Cook when Glenn can cook for you!!
We have an exceptional selection of fresh seafood.
Redfish, Atlantic cod, fresh wild shrimp, fresh skate cheeks,
day boat scallops, sushi grade tuna and swordfish chops.
Come on down and sample the BEST seafood in Newburyport., Catch of the Day!!
Max's Fresh Redfish Filets
Jack's Swordfish Chops
Max's Fresh Skate Cheeks
Jack's # 1 Grade Tuna Steaks
Come on in and see what Glenn is cooking up!!!!, Nothing to do tonight??
Come on down and listen to the cool tunes
of the Racky Thomas Band!!
Guaranteed to be a whole lot of fun!!, Let Glenn cook dinner for you tonight!!!
Chicken & Andouille Gumbo
Bar Harbor Mussels with a leek fennel broth
Day Boat Scallops Gratinee
Pan-Roasted Haddock
Our Famous Pot Roast
Blackened Swordfish, Sunday the 23rd brings one of Glenn's favorite and most popular acts back! The Racky Thomas Band will be performing from 6-9pm ( Never A Cover) So, if you want to get out and hear a great band, here's your chance! 
Call for reservations, 978-465-3811., Well, folks I'm sure Brad Faucher and his 450 Band have some Irish heritage in their combined DNA somewhere but that's not the reason we keep bringing them back to Glenn's. It's because they play great Blues, R&B and Funky Jazz inflected grooves all night long. Enough said!
See you this Sunday the 16th from 6-9pm. Never a Cover Charge., I'm looking for some folks who enjoy fine food, great service and world class live music! Glenn's is the place, especially this Sunday, March,9th. We've got the WILLIE J. LAWS BAND all the way from Texas. Willie has played all over the country and has toured Europe too, playing his own style of funky Blues and R&B. You don't want to miss this show!
6-9pm, Never a Cover Charge!, Nothing to do tonight??  Come on down and
listen to Mr. Nick and the Dirty Tricks.
Guaranteed to have a great time!!!, null, They say "March Comes in Like a Lion", and it's true this coming Sunday, March 2nd, when Glenn's brings back Mr. Nick and the Dirty Tricks. Nick and the guys are always lots of fun, just the right mix of blues, swing and R&B. Bring in the Spring with some Swing!
6-9 pm, Never a Cover., Glenn's Seafood Offerings:
Jumbo Day Boat Sea Scallops
# 1 Grade Sushi Tuna Steak
Tilefish Filet
Day Boat Cod Filet
Come on down and let Glenn
cooked for you tonight!!!!!, Sunday February 23, Ed Scheer will host
"The Tony Gallo Experience".  Come on
down and have some fun.  Music 6-9.
Never a Cover Always a Pleasure., Sunday Feb., 23rd Glenn's will feature "The Tony Gallo Experience", hosted by Ed Scheer. If you haven't been " experienced" then you owe it to yourself to get down and see what it's all about!
Sunday Soul, 6-9pm every Sunday. Never a Cover., It's Glenn's Birthday today!! Come on in and wish him a big happy birthday while you enjoy a great meal at the same time!!, If you forgot Valentines Day I've got a great way to redeem yourself! Make a reservation at Glenn's this Sunday, Feb., 16th when we bring in the Dynamic Combination of Roots Rocker Extraordinaire, Dennis Brennan together with GenY Blues Guitar Master, Matt Stubbs! 
Great Food (have a snack, a pizzette or a fine entree) fine wine and beer selection and Never a Cover! 6-9pm., Be My Valentine!!!  Valentine's Day is fast approaching.
Make your dinner reservations early!!, This Sunday, Feb., 9th, you're all invited down to Glenn's for some good rockin' blues and R&B with the Justin Quinn Band! Your host will be accompanied by Jon Ross and Dave Sag, not to mention guest drummer and alternate host, Ed Scheer. Spring is coming and we don't have to schedule around any football games so what better way to spend a Sunday Evening!
6-9, Never a Cover.,, Glenn's Restaurant will be closed Super Bowl Sunday, so enjoy the game and we'll see you next week Feb. 9th for Sunday Soul.
On Feb. 9 Sunday Soul will feature both our hosts. Justin Quinn and Ed Scheer will be rockin' the house along with Jon Ross and Dave Sag. Music is 6 to 9. Never a cover always a pleasure!, Finally a nice Saturday night. No cold, no snow it's time to get out of the house and treat yourself to a great dinner. Glenn's is open at four. Come on down for the best seafood in the city.
Grilled Swordfish, Pan-Roasted Fluke, Haddock Tempura and
Pan-Seared Monkfish Medallions to name a few., Well Music Lovers, there's no excuse not to get out and experience some good live music, now that the Pats are having a well deserved vacation.
On Sunday, Jan. 26th, Ed Scheer will be hosting the multi talented, Chris Stovall Brown. Chris does it all and he does it well form sing to play guitar and harmonica to even bang the drums every now and then. Chris has been doing his best to spread the good word of blues and R&B around the country (and Europe) for years. Check him out, you won't regret it!
Never a Cover!, null, Well music lovers, we've decided to postpone the opening night of the 2014 season of Sunday Soul ( now into its 17th year!) on account of the big Patriot's playoff game.
Ed Scheer will be onstage with some great talent for you next Sunday and we'll do our best to get the Willie J. Laws Band back in as soon as possible. If you haven't heard them you owe it to yourself to checkout Willie's real Texas Blues Sound with a side order of Funk!, Well music lovers, we'll all have to wait another week for Glenn's to start up the 2014 Sunday Soul Music Series. Due to the upcoming playoff football game this Sunday we've decided to let you all stay home and enjoy the game this week.
 The Willie J. Laws Band will be back as soon as we can get them in and if you haven't seen them then do yourself a favor and enjoy some real Texas Blues served with a side of Funk!
Go Pats., We are right back at it today.  Heading down to the New England Produce Market in Chelsea to pick up our produce, then up
to Newburyport.  Halibut Jack is coming by with sushi grade tuna
and some awesome scallops.  See you around five., The parties over!!  Looks like we are back to work tomorrow.
It is hard to believe that two weeks has gone by so fast.
Glenn and Steven are at the restaurant preparing the menu
for tomorrow.  Looking forward to seeing you this week.
I still have one last night for a little R & D and I'll be right here in Newburyport.  Wonder were I'll end up??, null, Glenn and I were off on another Research & Development (Dining or Drinking?) Monday and Tuesday.  Monday we had a great meal at Legal Seafood at Liberty Wharf and last night we found ourselves at Smoken Joe's in Allston.  Ed Scheer and Brian Templeton were performing at Smoken Joe's along with
Randy Bramwell and Cheryl Arruda. It was great to here some live music at another venue.  They were surprised to see us but a grand time was had by all.  Monday's mission took us to Steel & 
Rye Restaurant in Milton.  We had a fabulous meal.  Glenn is
currently reseaching to find our next stop.  See you all soon!, Having a very relaxing vaca. Watching a lot of football. Planning a little R & D this evening.
We will see where we will end up.
Go Bengals!, null, null, null, Happy New Year from all of us at 
Glenn's restaurant & cool bar. Thanks to all our great customers that made 2013 a great one. We are looking forward to a fabulous 2014.
Don't forget that Glenn's Restaurant & cool bar will be closed from January 1 to January 13 for a long needed rest. We will reopen on Tuesday January 14.
Glenn is working on some new menu items for 2014. 
Can't wait to see what he comes up with. As you all know
 with Glenn you really never know. Once Again Happy New
Year and I'll keep you posted on Glenn's shenanigans.
See you on January 14., If you haven't made that reservation yet give us a call
there is still a couple of reservations available.
978-465-3811>, Don't forget to make that New Year's Eve reservation.
Glenn has worked up a fabulous menu that will not
break your pocketbook. Happy New Year!!!, Glenn just got back from the fish pier with some primo fish and oysters. Not to mention Nantucket Bay scallops.  Come on in and
have dinner with us., Happy Holiday's folks! 
The lucky music fans who were at Glenn's this past Sunday really got a treat! Michelle Willson put on a great show with lots of hip renditions of seasonal tunes.
This Sunday, the 29th, Ed Scheer will host the fabulous and alluring singer/guitarist, Lydia Warren! Along with her will be Joe Bargar, a man with some serious piano chops!
This is the last show until we re-open after Glenn's traditional vacation, on Jan 19th with the Texas Bluesman, Willie J Laws., This Sunday, the 22nd of Dec., the  powerhouse singer, entertainer and "Evil Gal" herself, Michelle Willson and Band, will be performing in the dining room at Glenn's! Michelle has promised to include a number of seasonally appropriate tunes and we may even get a listen to Scotty doing his hipster take on "The Night Before Christmas".
6-9pm reservations recommended. Never a Cover., Who is cooking tonight?
Glenn Is!!!
Day Boat Scallops Tempura
Pork Shank with madeira gravy
Our Famous Meatloaf with Mushroom sauce
Cajun Etouffee
Seared Duck Breast & Roasted Duck Leg with orange sauce
Come on in and let us cook for you!!, Chris Fitz and his Band will be at Glenn's this Sunday, Dec., 15th.
Chris only gets to Our stage once or twice a year ( I'd like to have him once a month) so if you're a fan of High Energy Blues Guitar, if you need that aural fix and haven't had it scratched in awhile then now is the time! 
I'll be sitting in with the guys all night and I'm ready as anybody can be!
6-9pm, Never a Cover., On Sun December 8th Glenn's will feature the talented Singer, Drummer and Band Leader, Rico Barr and his Jump and Jive Review! These guys draw a great crowd who know what to do when they hear swingin' dance music and see a dance floor in front of them!
6-9pm, Never a Cover, Well, we're moving quickly towards the Holiday Season with T Day up this week. What better way to bring it in than to head down to Glenn's for Groove Authority! Voted one of the "Country's Best Wedding Bands" ( NBC News), these folks know how to organize a good time! Everybody likes a good wedding, right? Get down to Glenn's, you won't have to bring a gift and the food will be better!
6-9pm, never a cover., Listen folks, I don't know what's happening on the gridiron this weekend but it couldn't be any more exciting than having Ed Scheer and the Love Dogs performing at Glenn's this Sunday the 24th. Enough said!
6-9pm, never a cover., What's for dinner tonight!!
Coconut Curry Mussels with crispy scallion pancake
Baked Clams Oreganato
Butternut Sage Risotto with Pan-Seared Scallops
Tagliatelle Bolognese
Pan-Roasted Day Boat Flounder
Macadamia-Crusted Florida Mahi-Mahi

and how about a coconut tuile for dessert., If you are a lover of that Great American Musical Tradition called Blues, than I know you'll want to be at Glenn's this Sunday the 17th when we host Roots Rocker Extraordinaire, Dennis Brennan and Blues Guitar Master, Matt Stubbs. Dennis has garnered praise from critics all over the country for his catalogue of fine records that showcase his singing and songwriting in the American Roots tradition. Now he's turned his attention to presenting us with authentic Blues Singing and Powerful Amplified Harmonica that's good for the Soul. Matt Stubbs has been touring and promoting his fine and critically acclaimed cd of original and classic Blues and R&B Instrumentals. That is when he's not touring the globe with the Great Harp Man, Charlie Musselwhite.
So get on down to Glenn's on Sunday, 11/17 from 6-9pm and hear how the stuff is supposed to sound!   Never A Cover., We are cooking tonight!!!

We had some great fish delivered today!! Swordfish, tuna, flounder, scallops and Beach Bay Blonde oysters. Come have
dinner with us and introduce yourself to our new bartender
Rob.  Rob had been here for a couple months now and has
moved right in.  He has bartended all over the world and has
some travel stories that can rival Chuck's a.k.a Charlie., All right people! We have a Bye Week on the calendar and Glenn's is proud and happy to have one of New England's premier Soul Man and his band coming this Sunday the 10th of Nov.,!
DELAWARE FLOYD will be taking us to Soul Town and Motown so come down and check out some Real Live Music this Sunday. It's a holiday, you can sleep late on Mon.!  6-9 pm, Never A Cover!, The Patriots game is on both our TVs and Racky is in the house!!

Come on down catch the game and listen to some cool blues., Who is cooking tonight?  Why not us?

Some of tonight's menu offerings:

Roasted Tender Crop Farm Half Chicken, orange jus

Pan-Seared Sea Scallops, five mushroom leek risotto

Grilled Swordfish Steak, pineapple sage buter

Grilled Grass Fed Sirloin Steak, balsamic gorgonzola sauce

Grilled Fish Tacos

Flatbread & Pizza

Baked Stuffed Portuguese Quahogs with chorizo, Does anyone recognize this dish?, We have a great recipe for a good time thisSunday at Glenn's. Take one Part Ed Scheer, one part Gus Carlson, one part Mario Parrett, and mix well with a dose of Randy Bramwell on the bottom. What have you got? A rockin' good time!
6-9pm, Never a Cover., This Sunday, the 20th, Glenn's will feature the Cool Guitar Sounds of Brad Faucher and 450 Session. Brad covers some fine musical territory and leans heavily on blues, funk, and swampy grooves when he plugs in his axe. As it turned out, Brad was here last Sunday playing some soulful guitar with Motown Dave. If you missed him then don't blow it again! Get on down to Glenn's where there's never a cover, the food is great, the music is hot and the vibe is cool.  6-9 pm., Come Sunday the 13th we're glad to have one of our favorite acts back at Glenn's! You won't want to miss Motown Dave and his fine band doing classic Motown with Some Serious Soul! That will set you up and keep you humming for the rest of the week!
We have great live music here at Glenn's every Sunday from 6-9pm and you can still check on the game's progress! ( 2 tv's at the bar) Never a Cover., Join us at Glenn's this Sunday, Oct. 6th, for what promises to be a very enjoyable evening of 'good rockin'! Peter "HiFi" Ward, a fine singer and guitar player ( and bro' of bassman, Mudcat Ward) brings his band in for a night of blues mixed in with some fine Western Swing! I'm hoping to hop up and help out with my harps and when you add Glenn's great grub and generous pour you have the makings of some 'good rockin' for sure! 
6-9pm, Never a Cover., Ed Scheer will host The Tony Gallo Experience, this Sunday the 29th, from 6-9pm. Tony is a consummate entertainer who can switch smoothly between soul, R&B and blues and will even throw in a standard from the Great American Songbook.
And what more can be said about Ed?, If you're someone, like me, who appreciates great vocals and harmonica along with a tight band that bangs out some cool blues all night long, than head down to Glenn's this Sunday the 22nd to hear Mr. Nick and the Dirty Tricks. It's always a good time when Nick is in town!
6-9pm, Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure., Can't say enough about having Michelle and her band back at Glenn's this Sunday! The Pats aren't playing so get off the couch and hear some great live music!, I can think of no better way to wrap up the summer in style than to get yourself over to Glenn"s Restaurant and Cool Bar this Sunday the 15th to catch The Michelle Willson Band!
Michelle ALWAYS delivers the goods when she brings her particular brand of Swing, Blues and R&B back to the stage at Glenn's. 6-9pm Never a Cover! ( reservations recommended ), We've had a couple of great Sunday Soul evenings the past few weeks with our original Host Curtis Haynes dropping in for a visit and then a spectacular night with Sweet Willie D. I think we're going to continue in that rocking vein this Sunday, Sept., 8th with The Willie J. Laws Blues Band! These guys have been here once before and they tore it up. they've been touring all over Europe and the States and we are lucky to get them here at Glenn's. if you want to hear what a real Texas Blues Band sounds like, here is your chance! 6-9pm, never a cover, always a pleasure., Sunday, September 1 Glenn's will be welcoming back one of our favorite artists, Sweet Willie D.  Come on down and see Willie and the rest of the band.  Don't forget to make your reservation early
we expect to be very busy for the Labor Day Weekend. Music 6 - 9.  Never a cover always a pleasure., This Sunday, Aug., 25th, is a momentous day! We will celebrate the return of our original Sunday Soul Host, Curtis Haynes! He's here for one Sunday only so come on down and say hello and hang for awhile.
Justin Quinn, Ed Scheer, Jon Ross and Dave Sag will round out the band with Curtis back at the keyboards, where he reigned supreme for 16 years!, this Sunday August 18th Glenn's welcomes back one of our favorite entertainers Rico Barr and the jump and Jive Review.
Come on done and join in the fun. Music is 6 to 9.
Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure!!  Be sure to make a
 reservation because this is show not to missed!!
Call Now 978-465-3811!!!, I've been very fortunate for having inherited the job of Sunday Soul Host when my friend Curtis Haynes left for the West Coast. I've been so impressed and inspired by the great performances put on by the singers and musicians who make, in many cases, the long drive to Glenn's to play for us every Sunday. It's been a little over a year and the only thing I would change would be the number of people who come out to be treated to some of the best music this side of the Mississippi River! There's is never a cover at Glenn's, the food is great and reasonably priced, and as I said, the music is always hot! How many venues are left where you can get up close and personal with real live musicians? Bring the kids, let them experience what it feels like to hear a great player build a solo on the sax or guitar or keyboard or a fine vocalist tell you a story!  These guys( and I include all the fine female musicians who grace our stage) aint doing it for the money! They love what they're doing! Come out and see and hear for yourself, you can watch tv on Monday night!
  This Sunday, Aug. 11th, we have the rock-a-billy, blues and r&b guitarist, Lonely Gus Carlson, hosted by Ed Scheer.
Check it out, you'll be glad you did!
Your Host ( most of the time) Justin Quinn., This Sunday, Aug 4th, Glenn's will feature the Cheryl Arena Band. Just up from Texas, Cheryl, who sings and plays a mean harmonica, will be sure to dish up a healthy serving of down home blues! 6-9pm. Never a Cover., A special show this Sunday the 28th. Ed Scheer will host Diane Blue and Alizon Lissance in Ladies Sing the Blues. On top of that Ricky "King'' Russell will be there on guitar. 6-9, never a cover., Sunday July 14th will bring one of Glenn's favorites back! Johnny Bluehorn will perform with his funky R&B band from 6-9, never a cover!, Glenn's has a real treat for blues and R&B lovers this Sunday, July 7th! Guitarist Matt Stubbs will bring his new project in between the hours of 6 and 9. He calls it "Bad Mother" and has Mr Nick doing the vocal duties and the versatile B3 player, Ken Clark to really push the envelope. And no cover! What a deal!, Ed Scheer will host Lisa Marie and Johnny Juxo for a night of rollicking blues and R&B. June 30th, 6-9pm.
Never a Cover., Alright, it's officially summer time this week, what better reason to get out and hear some funky music! Glenn's has got it for you with old friends, GROOVE AUTHORITY! 6-9, June 23rd, Never A Cover!, Go Bruins! Come on by and watch the Bruins
beat up the Black Hawks!!
Great food, great drinks and a great game!!, this week at Glenn's we have a special event for all affectionado's of American Roots Music! "Tammy Lynn and Myles High" will be performing their full repertoire of R&B, Rock n Roll, Country and Rock-a-Billy. A husband and wife duo ( with band ), I know you're going to love Tammy's voice and Myles's rockin' guitar.  Sunday Soul at Glenn's, 6-9pm
Never a Cover!, What better way to spend this Sunday, June 9th, than at Glenn's, where you can listen to the blues and gospel sounds of the Racky Thomas Band! While you're there, tuck into some of Glenn's latest culinary creations and enjoy an adult beverage ( kids welcome too!) from master mixologist, Christine. All this and never a cover!, Make sure you get down to Glenn's this Sunday, June 2nd, because Ricky "King" Russell will be tearing it up as he always does!, Tempura Squash Blossoms!!! They are back on the menu starting tonight. Stuffed with lobster and goat's cheese drizzled with truffled honey!!  Yum!!, Harmonica fans will be happy this Sunday, Memorial Day, as Glenn's has the Justin Quinn Band ready to help bring in the summer sun. Anyone who has seen him, as the weekly host at Sunday Soul, knows he can blow! with Justin will be his talented and popular bandmates, Jon Ross on guitar and Dave Sag on Bass. 6-9pm, Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure., This coming Sunday, May 18th, Glenn's will be featuring one of our favorite entertainers and crowd pleasers, Mr. Jose Ramos with some special guests!
Get out and see some live music and eat some great food! We've been doing this great combination for 16 years! It's time you checked it out! Never A Cover, Always A Pleasure., It's Charlene's big day, come on in and wish her a HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!, If you are looking for a special evening that involves great food with some world class entertainment than bring your Mom and the whole family down to Glenn's on Mother's Day. 
Mari Martin, who has moved back East after a few years in California as a sucessful recording artist, will be here to make the day extra special. Mari"s beautiful voice has been heard on records by Kenny Loggin's among other's so get your reservation in early, 6-9pm. Never a Cover., THANKS MOM!!!
Remember to make your Mother's Day reservations early.
Glenn's will ber serving dinner all day.  Noon till nine.
Call 978-465-3811 to make your reservation., We are fortunate, this Sunday May 5th, to have long time Boston Music Scene Great, Dennis Brennan and Band at Glenn's. Dennis covers all the bases as a musician and performer from roots rocker to singer songwriter and now in his most recent incarnation as a fine blues and R&B singer and hard hitting harp player. come on down from 6-9pm and find out why Dennis has been winning kudos in all genres at the Boston Music Awards for years.
Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure!, We have a fine group of musicians at Glenn's this Sunday the 28th. Cheryl "Dirty Blonde" Aruda will be singing for you supported by Mike Williams on guitar, and Ken Clark on the organ, all hosted by Ed Scheer!
16 years and Never a Cover!, Spring is here and "Delaware Floyd" is coming to Glenn's this Sunday, April, 21st! What better reason to shake off the winter blues, get your nose out of the t.v. and listen to some Real Soul Music while enjoying Glenn's cooking? Glad you Agree, 6-9pm, Never A Cover., I guess there must be a few folks out there in T.V. land who haven't heard about all the excitement that gets generated at a Michelle "Evil Gal" Willson (that's 2 LL's please) show at Glenn's on any Sunday night when she and her boys come through. If so, now's your chance to get hip to what's up and get a handle on what you've been missing! and it's not too late, in both senses of the phrase, because Michelle will be here this Sunday, the 14th, from 6-9pm tearing it up with her sophisticated swing and you can catch the whole act and be back home and in bed by 10! What a way to finish the weekend ( and start you off right for the week! ) AND-- Admission is FREE!, Vote for us!! Glenn's has been included in the Merrimac Valley
Magazine's Reader's Choice Award for best bar (category 16). Please cast your vote at mvmag.net/mvma. Thanks. 
at, Well folks, Easter is over and it's time for some tunes again on Sunday night at Glenn's! This Sunday the 7th, Brad Faucher and Session 450 will be back at Glenn's to tear it up a bit with some Funk, Blues and Groove Music!
I can't wait to join him on a few tunes!
6-9pm, Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure!, Thanks to all who supported Blue's Wednesdays, unfortunately there just weren't enough of you for us to continue with the idea. We hope we can try it again at a later date. Maybe when the weather is a bit warmer and folks get out more., Be sure to get down to Glenn's this Sunday to catch Diane Blue with Ed Bargar. Diane is always entertaining and we don't get to see her enough. Ed Scheer will host and be behind the drums driving the bus.
6-9pm, Never a Cover. It's Spring, let's all get out to hear live music!, Sunday, March 24 Ed Scheer hosts Diane Blue.
Come on in and enjoy the music and great food.
Music starts at 6 pm.  It is always a fantastic time
when Ed and Diane are in the house.
Always a pleasure. Never a cover., Check out the Workingman's Band this Sunday, March 17th at Glenn's. Tom Yates on guitar, Rick Maida on bass and Mike Avery on drums will be serving up healthy portions of rib sticking R&B, Blues and Rock'n'Roll! 6-9pm, Never a Cover!, Tonight is Blue Wednesday.  come on down and 
enjoy the fantastic music.  Good food and great tunes., They say March comes in like a lion and in this case it's true when Glenn's hosts Mr. Nick and the Dirty Tricks Sunday, March, 2nd! This will be a rousing good night of blues and a fine way to celebrate the eminent demise of Old Man Winter. 
6-9pm Never a Cover!, Yes we are open tonight. Come on down and listen to the cool sounds of Tony Gallo. Music is from 6 to 9.
Never a cover always a pleasure., This Sunday Justin Quinn hosts Rico Barr and The Jump Jive Review. This is a show not to be missed.  Make your reservation
now for a night of great fun and entertainment., It's Glenn's Birthday! Come on in and wish him a happy Birthday!!, Happy Mardi Gras!! 
Don't forget that Valentine's Day is fast approaching. 
Make your reservations now!!!, Football is Finally finished for the foreseeable future! So make your way down to Glenn's on Sunday nights for some great music to sooth the hearts of disappointed fandom! 6-9 all the time, never a cover. This week we have the Smokin' Blues Guitar Playing of Chris Fitz and his band. If you like your blues electric and loaded with lots of lightning fast licks than you're gonna love Chris!, We will be closed this Sunday for the Super Bowl but will start up with Blue Wednesdays on Feb. 6th, then again on Feb. 17th and on the 1st and 3rd Wednesday of the month after that. Music starts at 7 and goes until 9, never a cover!, Now that the football mania is over( for a week or so! ) we all can fall back into the warm embrace of some soothing blues sung this Sunday by none other than Toni Lynn Washington, hosted by the always able Ed Scheer. Catch her while you can!, Sunday, January 28 Ed Scheer will host Toni Lynn Washington.
Music is 6 to 9. Don't miss this great show.
Always a pleasure never a cover., It's Friday and we are back from our vacation. Come on in 
for some of the best food in town., We're Back!!  Glenn's will be reopening on Friday, January 11.
Come on in and find out what escapades the crew was up to
on their vacation., We're ready to kick off Sunday Soul at Glenn's Jan. 13th, 2013 with long time favorite Sweet Willie "D" and his band!
We've been looking forward to having Willie back and here he will be so come down, get down and dig the sound of Sweet Willie "D"!, Happy New Year!!  Just want to let you know that Glenn's will be closed from Jan 1 through Jan 10. We will reopen Friday, Jan 11.
Thanks for another great year!!, Ed Scheer will host Ricky "King" Russell along with Mario Perret this Sunday, Dec. 30th. Last chance to hear great music at Glenn's until the New Year! This will be a killer band, get your reservations in early! Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure!, Glenn's will be rocking this Sunday Dec. 23rd when The Justin Quinn Band will help you get into the holiday spirit with a special Blues Christmas Show! Run Run Rudolph, Blue Christmas, and Boogie Woogie Santa Claus will be on the bill! Glenn's is always full up when this band plays so make a reservation early! 6-9pm. Never a Cover., This Sunday December 16, Glenn's will feature Joe Laite and Friends. Joe is a fine musician and a real entrpreneur. He is responsible for the Newburyport Harbor Summer Blues Cruise Series and also for maitaining Glenn's website. He sings and play a mean guitar. You know if he is playing at Glenn's he's got to be good! Music 6-9pm. Never a Cover!!, 12-12-12 is almost upon us! Come on down to Glenn's this Wednesday for some Blues you can Use with Justin Quinn on harp, Jon Ross on guitar and Dave Sag on bass. 
12-12-12 doesn't happen every day Come on down to Glenn's
and start the Holidays off right.  7:30-9:00pm., Sunday, November 25 Ed Scheer and The Love Dog Quartet
 will be performing at Glenn's. it is always a great time when   
this band is here. Come on in and join the shenanigans.
Music 6 - 9. Never a cover, Always a pleasure!  
Reservations recommended., Sunday November 11 Glenn's welcomes back the Orville Giddings Band!  Orville has been a great favorite for a long time and we are happy to have him back.  Musice 6-9. Never a Cover, always a pleasure., Sunday, October 28 Ed Scheer hosts Henri Smith and the Workingman's Jazz Band. Ed and Henri always get the joint movin' and groovin'! Never a cover always a pleasure! Music 6-9., Come on in and try Char's new raw bar menu. Mayflower Point Oysters from East Dennis MA,  Quicene Bay Oysters from the Puget Sound in WA, Connecticut Littleneck, Jonah Crab Claws and Collossal Shrimp Cocktail.  Delicious!!, "Blue Wednesday's" starts tomorrow the 17th of Oct. at Glenn's. We're trying something a little different! 3 piece blues, a little quieter, more relaxed, from 7:30- 9 with Justin Quinn, Jon Ross, and Dave Sag. We'll do it again on 11/14 and ( the big one!) 12/12/12., Folks who didn't make it down to Glenn's this past Sunday missed a great night of music with The Danny Banks Band. This 19 yr old Phenom played and sang with a lot of soul and was helped out Monster Mike Welch on the guitar. 
Everyone has another chance this Sunday, Oct. 21, when Brad Faucher and the Session 451 Band are in town! Brad is a fine Blues/Funk/Groove Guitarist and Singer and has earned a spot on the "regulars" list of performers at Glenn's. Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure! 6-9pm, This Sunday, Oct. 14th, Glenn's hosts the impressive and talented multi-instrumentalist and singer, Danny Banks! Folks have been asking when this young man was going to be back at Glenn's so come on over and hear what why they've been talking him up! 6-9pm., Glenn's will be rockin' this Sunday, Oct 7th with the hot sounds of the Justin Quinn Band. Always a favorite act at Glenn's the band features Jon Ross, Dave Sag, Per Hanson, and guest piano player Shinichi Otsu. It will be a busy weekend so reservations are suggested! Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure! 6-9pm., Sunday September 30 we have a great night of music. Ed Scheer hosts Diane Blue and Joe Bargar. What a treat!!  Come on down for some awesome rythm and blues.  Always a pleasure Never a Cover!!  Reservations are suggested for this show., We have a special night of music planned for this Sunday the 23rd! Jazz saxophonist and Berklee Professor of the Horn, Danny Harrington will be here with his quartet to blow us all away with some cool sounds. Come on down to hear how my harmonica fits into the mix!, Glenn, as he appeared behind the line last Sunday at the Mad Hatter's Luncheon for Cancer Awareness., To see a preview of "The Chef's Table" featuring local restaurants 
including Glenn's click on the link sent by Kathy Cronin. Thanks Kathy.  Once again Glenn entertains us with his crazy sense of humor.  We also want to thank Scott and Helen for including Glenn's in their show.  It was alot of fun., Thanks to Michelle and the fine band she brought into Glenn's last night. I can now say I saw Scott Schetler ride a saxophone, like a horse, around the dining room!
This week I know there are quite a few folks waiting to see the show when Mr. Nick shows up with the Dirty Tricks. After a schedule change people were calling and emailing to find out when Mr. Nick would be here. Well, wait no longer than this Sunday the 16th, and find out what the excitement is about, What a Double Knockout Entertainment Punch we've got going at Glenn's! After a truly rockin' night of great blues, played to a packed house by the Ricky "King" Russell Band, we have The "Evil Gal" herself this Sunday, the 9th! Ms. Michelle Willson! Long time Glenn's favorite act is back for another hoppin' evening of jump blues and sophisticated ballads. Not to mention Glenn's great cooking! ( You might even catch Glenn doing some serious dancing, as he did last Sun! ), Just wanted to let you all know that Glenn received another
shipment of squash blossoms. They will be on the menu tonight.
Limited quantity., Folks, if you've got the "End of Summer Blues", I've got the Cure! Head on down to Glenn's, this Sunday, Sept. 2, and settle into the warm embrace of Ricky "King" Russell's sweet and soulful guitar sounds. I guarantee you'll feel a whole lot better! Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure at Glenn's. 6-9pm, As the summer winds down Glenn's ramps the energy up, this Sunday, August 26th, with the always popular and fine entertainer, Tony Gallo! Come on down and make the summer last! Always a Pleasure never a Cover! 6-9pm., This week Glenn's brings in that petite woman with the BIG voice, Erin and the Soul Drivers. It's always a Pleasure, never a Cover! Music from 6-9pm every Sunday. Come down and listen, have a bite and be home in bed by 10!, Sunday, August 19, Live music from 6 till 9.
Erin and the Soul Drivers., Coming up this Sunday, August 12 we have Sharon Jones and the 
Downtown Express. Come on and join us for some great rhythm
and blues.  6pm to 9pm.  Never a cover., Last night, as I listened to Lydia Warren sing so soulfully while ripping off killer blues licks and then watched as Alizon Lissance took over and pounded out such funky rhythms and sang with such hip phrasing, I thought to myself; " The lucky people here at Glenn's tonight are getting a much better 'free' concert than the folks down at the Nbpt. waterfront. And the food is so much better! 
Well folks, you all have another chance to see a great free concert this coming Sunday, Aug. 5th, when Lonely Gus Carlson comes to play with Ed Scheer. Inquiring minds will want to know; Is Gus still lonesome? And, "Has Ed's Elbow recovered? Tune in next week! Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure!, We had a an excellent evening of blues this past Sunday with singer/harp player, Dennis Brennan, who was in fine voice. He was ably assisted by Peter "Hi Fi" Ward on guitar, filling in for Matt Stubbs. Thank you gentlemen!
Coming up, we're very excited to have some bluesy feminine, rock and roll energy, on the 29th of July, with singer/guitarist, Lydia Warren! Come on in and see what the buzz is about!, Thanks to Willie J, Ephraim, and Malcolm for a great night of music! Nice to meet both Joan and Brenda, too. 
July 22nd brings in the R&B singer/songwriter and performer, Dennis Brennan along with the fine blues guitarist, Matt Stubbs. Looks to be a fine evening of music. Call ahead for reservations. Glenn's, where the music and the food is hot and the atmosphere is cool! 6-9pm Sunday's., Just wanted to let you all know that the Tempura Squash Blossoms are back. Limited quantity!!, We're all very excited to welcome the fine blues guitar player and vocalist, Willie J. Laws to Glenn's this Sunday July 16th. It promises to be a great night, so beat the heat and settle in for an evening of soulful tunes and good cooking! 6-9pm Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure!, Now that summer is here what better way to spend a warm Sunday Night than at Glenn's listening to cool music paired with great food! This Sunday, the 8th, brings in the sweet soul and blues of Delaware Floyd. See you there! 6-9pm., Looking forward to the first of July when Racky Thomas and his fine Blues Band perform for us at Glenn"s. Get your reservations, Racky always draws a great crowd! Start the summer off right with some Good Blues! Never a cover, Always a pleasure., Looking forward to a Hot Sunday Night at Glenn's when Ed Sheer host's Toni Lynn Washington! A Queen of the genre and a great song stylist, Toni Lynn always delivers a heart felt performance. Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure!, Looking forward to this Sunday the 10th when Glenn's will bring in the Brad Faucher Band with a mix of Blues and funky R&B. Also, come on down and welcome Dave Sag as the guest host on Sunday, June 17th when he rides herd on Groove Authority. Never a Cover, Always a Pleasure!, Charlie Sawyer brings the "2120 South Michigan Ave. Band" in this Sunday, June 3rd, from 6-9pm. Relax with some great food and drink while you listen to some good blues! Never a Cover., Ed Scheer hosts Jose Ramos this Sunday, May 27. 6PM to 9PM.
Call for a reservation 978-465-3811., Looking forward to this Sunday, May 20th, with Johnny Blue Horn and the Caretakers! 6-9pm. Never A Cover!,  New Sunday Soul host Justin Quinn and his band Roll
&Tumble featuring Jon Ross, Per Hanson, Dave Sag, and John Cameron will be performing this Sunday, May 13th! Don't miss this popular show, seats always fill up quickly and bring your MOM!!!
http://youtu.be/uc9uLbdpMhc
, Ricky King Russell this Sunday from 6:00 to 9:00, Never a cover.....call Glenn's at 978-465-3811 to make your dinner reservations! 44 Merrimac st. NBPT, MA., Ricky King Russell this Sunday from 6:00 to 9:00, Never a cover.....call Glenn's at 978-465-3811 to make your dinner reservations!    44 Merrimac st. NBPT, MA., Thanks to everyone who made Our Second Annual Newbury Equine
Rescue Fundraiser a great sucess., Mother's Day is fast approaching. Glenn's will be open 12:00pm
to 9:00pm.  Make your reservations early., Ed Scheer hosts Henri Smith this Sunday from 6:00- 9:00, Never a cover.... call 978-465-3811 to book your dinner reservation now.....44 Merrimac st. NBPT, Ma, Nice footage of last night's performance by Chris Fitz. Thanks, Joe Marino!, Our great friend Justin Quinn has taken over Curtis' role as host for Sunday Soul. Curtis, we wish you all the best in California! Justin, we're looking for the 16-year tradition to keep on keepin' on!, Guitar great Chris Fitz at Sunday Soul this weekend! 6:00 - 9:00. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA., Looking forward to a swinging night with Michelle Willson at Sunday Soul this weekend! 6:00 - 9:00. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Diane Blue at Glenn's March 25, 2012. Great night! , Guitar great Bob Wolfman will be our guest this weekend at Sunday Soul. Music 6:00 - 9:00. NO COVER. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., April schedule for Sunday Soul:

April 1: Bob Wolfman
April 8: (closed for Easter)
April 15: Michelle Willson
April 22: Chris Fitz (Curtis' last Glenn's night)
April 29: Ed Scheer hosts Henri Smith, Ed Scheer hosts Diane Blue, sunday January 25, with special guests Ricky "King" Russell and Allison Lissance.  Don't miss this fantastic show that kicks off our 2015 Sunday Soul. Music 6 to 9. Make your reservation early!
978-465-3811, Looking forward to Dave Sag's Atomic Cocktail, featuring Dave Brown, Greg Tower and Andrew Jones, at this weekend's Sunday Soul! 6:00 - 9:00. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Sunday Soul this weekend features legendary Blues Diva Shirley Lewis!  6:00 - 9:00. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., All eyes on the preacher man-- great night with Sweet Willie D. Next week: Shirley Lewis!, Glenn's fave Sweet Willie D at Sunday Soul this weekend. 6:00 - 9:00. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Sunday Soul for March: 

March 4: Sweet Willie D. 
March 11: Shirley Lewis. 
March 18: Dave Sag's Atomic Cocktail
March 25: Ed Scheer hosts Diane Blue, with special guest Joe Bargar.

Great month!, Ed Scheer hosts Cheryl Aruda at Sunday Soul this weekend! 6:00 - 9:00. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. Special guest: guitar great Mike Williams., Mr. Nick at Sunday Soul this weekend. 6:00 - 9:00. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Another one from last Sunday., From yesterday's Sunday Soul..., The Matthew Stubbs Band, featuring Dennis Brennan, at Sunday Soul this weekend. 6:00 - 9:00. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Check out our Sunday Soul winter calendar on our website.  , Valentine's Day is approaching.  Don't wait till the last minute to make your reservations., Mario Perrett hosts special guest Tony Gallo at Sunday Soul this weekend. 6:00 - 9:00. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Sunday Soul this Sunday features Danny Banks. 6 pm to 9 pm. NEVER A COVER. Call to reserve a table-- 978-465-3811., Sunday Soul is back this weekend, with Professor Harp kicking off a great year of music. 6:00 - 9:00. NO COVER. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Vacation is over...we're back to work tomorrow and will be open at 5:00pm.....come on in, we've missed you!, We want to thank all our patrons for a great 2011. Looking forward to 2012.

We also want to take a moment to send our sincere Best Wishes to Claudia and 

Joseph of Joseph's Winter Street Cafe.  Good Luck !! Hopefully we'll see you in the 

neighborhood once in a while.

Charlene and Glenn, Just wanted to let you know that Glenn's will be closed from January 1 through January 12.  we Will be reopening. January 13.  See you then., Nothing is more embarassing than forgetting to buy a gift for someone on your list. Stop by Glenn's on Saturday to pick up some gift certificates to have on hand. We will be here 12 til 3. Tell your friends by re posting., Sunday Soul this Sunday features Racky Thomas. 6 pm to 9 pm. NEVER A COVER. Call to reserve a table-- 978-465-3811., Sunday Soul this Sunday features Michelle Willson. 6 pm to 9 pm. NEVER A COVER. Call to make your reservation 978-465-3811., TONIGHT! Gus Carlson, Mario Perrett, Ed Scheer, Randy Bramwell and host Curtis Jerome Haynes at Sunday Soul, 6:00 - 9:00. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. NEVER A COVER!, Just wanted to take a minute to thank Merrimack Valley Magazine for including Glenn's in their holiday issue. Thanks again., Sunday Soul this Sunday features Ed Scheer and the Love Dog Quartet.  
6 pm to 9 pm. NEVER A COVER. Call to make your reservation 978-465-3811., The holidays are fast approaching. Planning a holiday get together call Glenn's.
Glenn's can accomodate parties up to 80 people comfortably. 
The menu may vary and there is never a room charge., Glenn has added Long Island Duck Breast, Kobe Meatloaf and his famous Pot Roast to his ever changing fall menu.  Come on in and enjoy his fall menu., Check out Glenn & Charlene at Newburyport-Today.com., Hatrack Gallagher and the Ric Maure Trio tomorrow night at Sunday Soul, 6:00 - 9:00PM. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Just want you to know that rice pudding is on the dessert menu this week and tuiles are back!!!, Ed Scheer hosts Henri Smith this weekend at Sunday Soul, 6:00 - 9:00PM. Great New Orleans soul music! 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Looking forward to Johnny Blue Horn and the Caretakers this weekend at Sunday Soul, 6:00 - 9:00PM. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. Featuring Kevin Belz, Lenny Bradford, Chris Rivelli, and host Curtis Jerome Haynes., Brad Faucher this weekend at Sunday Soul, 6:00 - 9:00PM. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Glenn's has added a new bar menu with a variety of new appetizers, sandwiches and small plates.  Stop in and check it out!!!, TONIGHT! Chris Fitz at Sunday Soul, 6:00 - 9:00PM. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., TONIGHT! Ed Scheer hosts Diane Blue, winner of the 2010 Massachusetts Blues Challenge, with Mario Perrett on sax, Joe Bargar on keys, and Randy Bramwell on bass. 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., 2120 South Michigan Avenue at Sunday Soul TONIGHT at Glenn's Restaurant and Cool Bar, 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. 6:00 - 9:00. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., I don't have to define harassing, you people know who you are!!!, Just wanted to let all the people that have been harassing me about tuiles and rice pudding that both desserts are on the menu tonight. Limited Quantities of course.
Charlene, Lisa Marie at Sunday Soul TONIGHT at Glenn's Restaurant and Cool Bar, 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. 6:00 - 9:00. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Motown Dave at Sunday Soul this weekend, Sunday, September 4, 6:00 - 9:00. Glenn's Restaurant and Cool Bar, 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. (recommended), Sunday Soul has been cancelled tomorrow due to stormy weather. We'll see you next Sunday, Sept 4, with Motown Dave. Be safe!, Ed Scheer hosts the great saloon singer Tony Gallo at Sunday Soul this weekend, Sunday, August 28, 6:00 - 9:00. Glenn's Restaurant and Cool Bar, 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Looking forward to Gracie Curran at Sunday Soul this weekend, Sunday, August 21, 6:00 - 9:00. Glenn's Restaurant and Cool Bar, 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Bob Wolfman at Glenn's Sunday Soul tomorrow, Sunday, August 14, 6:00 - 9:00. Glenn's Restaurant and Cool Bar, 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Looking forward to Michelle Willson at Sunday Soul this weekend, Sunday, August 7, 6:00 - 9:00. Glenn's Restaurant and Cool Bar, 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Ed Scheer hosts Lydia Warren at Sunday Soul this weekend, Sunday, July 31, 6:00 - 9:00. Glenn's Restaurant and Cool Bar, 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Durand "Diamond D" Wilkerson at Sunday Soul this weekend, Sunday, July 24, 6:00 - 9:00. Classic southern soul! Glenn's Restaurant and Cool Bar, 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Ed Scheer hosts Cheryl Arena and Mario Perrett at Sunday Soul this weekend, Sunday, July 17, 6:00 - 9:00. Glenn's Restaurant and Cool Bar, 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Dave Sag's Atomic Cocktail at Sunday Soul this weekend, Sunday, July 10, 6:00 - 9:00. Awesome lineup, including Dave Brown, Greg Tower and Andrew Jones. Glenn's Restaurant and Cool Bar, 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Ricky "King" Russell, Bob Worthington (bass), Mark Purrington (drums), and Curtis Jerome Haynes perform a Junior wells classic at Sunday Soul, June 19, 2011., Ed Scheer hosts Toni Lynn Washington at Sunday Soul this weekend-- Sunday, June 26, 6:00 - 9:00. Glenn's Restaurant and Cool Bar, 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., With the shark...Curtis Jerome Haynes, Bob Worthington, Mark Purrington, and Ricky King Russell, at Glenn's Restaurant and Cool Bar., Ricky King Russell at Sunday Soul this weekend-- Sunday, June 12, 6:00 - 9:00. Glenn's Restaurant and Cool Bar, 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Don't forget to make your Father's Day reservation early!!  Sunday, June 19., TV Diner - As you probably know TV Diner had to reschedule.  They are coming to Glenn's this Tuesday June 14 at about 6:30. So come on in and join the filming.  The show will air Saturday June 25., The Brad Faucher Group at Sunday Soul this weekend-- Sunday, June 12, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Glenn's has put a few new appetizers on the menu such as Tempura Fried Squash Blossoms with lobster, goat's cheese and black pepper truffled honey and another new favorite is Glenn's Portuguese Stuffed Quahogs with sweet crumbs and chorizo. We aslo are featuring Wild Copper River Salmon and Fried Soft Shell Crabs., Johnny Blue Horn and the Care Takers at Sunday Soul this weekend-- Sunday, June 5, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Ed Scheer hosts Jose Ramos for Sunday Soul this weekend-- Sunday, May 29, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. NO COVER. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. SPECIAL GUEST: John Moriconi on trumpet., The Justin Quinn Band comes to Glenn's for Sunday Soul this weekend, May 22, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. NEVER A COVER!, Erin and the Soul Drivers return to Glenn's for Sunday Soul this weekend, May 15, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. NEVER A COVER! Hosted by Curtis Jerome Haynes., In honor of Mother's Day, Hatrack Gallagher and the Ric Maure Trio returns to Glenn's for Sunday Soul this weekend, May 1, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. NEVER A COVER! Hosted by Curtis Jerome Haynes., DON'T FORGET MOTHER'S DAY, SUNDAY MAY 8.
Glenn's will be serving dinner all day.  Make your
reservations early.  978-465-3811., Groove Authority is back in the house for Sunday Soul this weekend, May 1, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. NEVER A COVER! Hosted by Curtis Jerome Haynes., Glenn's is hosting a non-profit benefit fund raiser for Newbury Equine Rescue, Monday, April 25, 6:00. This important benefit features music-- Michelle Willson, the Justin Quinn Band, and Curtis Jerome Haynes-- a free buffet, a silent auction, and cash bar. $50 donation. Please call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table and to get further information., TONIGHT! Ed Scheer hosts Brian Templeton at Glenn's Restaurant and Cool Bar, 6:00 - 9:00 PM. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. NEVER A COVER!, Michelle Willson and special guest Scott Shetler return to Glenn's for Sunday Soul this weekend, April 10, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. NEVER A COVER!, Chris Fitz returns to Glenn's for Sunday Soul this weekend, April 3, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. NEVER A COVER!, Sunday Soul presents Diane Blue with host Ed Scheer this Sunday, March 27, 6:00 - 9:00 PM. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. NEVER A COVER!, Sunday Soul presents 2120 South Michigan Avenue this Sunday, March 20, 6:00 - 9:00 PM. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. NEVER A COVER!, Sunday Soul presents Sauce, featuring Evan Goodrow, this Sunday, March 13, 6:00 - 9:00 PM. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. NEVER A COVER!, Go to Newburyportnews.com to read a recent interview with Glenn., Celebrate Mardi Gras at Sunday Soul! Ed Scheer hosts Henri Smith and The Workingman's Jazz Band. Sunday, March 6, 6:00 - 9:00. NO COVER. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Thanks to Danny Banks & His All Star Band, featuring Monster Mike Welch, for a lot of fun at Sunday Soul!, Danny Banks with guest Monster Mike Welch this weekend at Glenn's for Sunday Soul, hosted by Curtis Jerome Haynes. Feb 27, 6:00 - 9:00....No cover charge.... 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA....Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., This week at Sunday Soul: "Lonely" Gus Carlson, Mario Perrett, Ed Scheer, and Randy Bramwell, hosted by Curtis Jerome Haynes. Feb 20, 6:00 - 9:00. No cover charge. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Glenn and Tiki, Curtis Jerome Haynes hosts Motown Dave at Sunday Soul, Feb 13, 6:00 - 9:00. No cover charge. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Valentine's Day is on Monday this year! We are open, so call now to make a reservation., We'll be taking a Super Bowl break from our usual Sunday Soul this weekend. See you on Feb 14 for the awesome Motown Dave. Stay warm!, Ed Scheer hosts Tony Gallo this weekend at Sunday Soul. 6:00 - 9:00/no cover charge. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Looking forward to Professor Harp at this weekend's Sunday Soul! 6:00 - 9:00/no cover charge. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Sweet Willie D at Sunday Soul! 6:00 - 9:00, no cover. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Friday, January 14th, after our much needed vacation, We re-open at 5:30 pm. Come on down and see us!, We are all enjoying our time off. Krys and Rebecca managed to get to Florida for a little warm weather.  Glenn and I are still local. He did managed to drag me into five different restaurants in our first twenty four hours off.  What a surprise!!  See you next week. Thank you all for your support in 2010.  Looking forward to a great 2011.  Happy New Year., It is almost time for our well need break.  We will be closed Saturday, January 1 through
Thursday January. 13. We will reopen Friday, January 14.  Happy New Year!!, A little holiday cheer..., Glenn's will be closed Friday, Saturday and Sunday for the Christmas break, We'll be back to our regular hours on Tuesday the 28th, Thanks to Curtis, Ed Scheer, and all the great musicians who provided another fine year of Sunday music at Glenn's! And thanks to all who came out to support live music! Sunday Soul starts again January 16, with Curtis Jerome Haynes hosting Sweet Willie D., Ed Scheer hosts Sunday Soul this Sunday with special guest Diane Blue, featuring Mario Perrett on sax, Randy Bramwell on bass, and Joe Bargar on keys. 6:00 - 9:00, no cover. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Our Sunday Soul winter schedule has been posted to our website. Check it out!, Looking forward to Michelle Willson at Glenn's this Sunday, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. Some seasonal fun with a great band-- Scott Shetler on reeds, Zac Casher on drums, Sven Larsen on bass, Mike Mele on guitar, Curtis Jerome Haynes on keys. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. Never a cover., Sunday Soul presents Ricky King Russell at Glenn's this Sunday, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. No cover. Call 978 465 3811 to make a dinner reservation, Don't forget to call now to reserve the back room for your private Christmas party! Our room holds up to 20pp at one table or 26pp at seperate tables., Ed Scheer TONIGHT with The Love Dogs Quartet, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. No cover., Glenn's is looking for experienced line cooks and a part-time dishwasher.  If your interested come by and apply., Looking forward to the premiere of John Moriconi's new project, "Johnny Blue Horn and the Caretakers." Kevin Belz on guitar, Lenny Bradford on bass, Chris Rivelli on drums, Curtis Jerome Haynes on keys, Johnny Blue Horn on vocals and trumpet. Sunday Soul, November 21, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. NEVER A COVER at Glenn's., Looking forward to Orville Giddings this weekend at Sunday Soul! November 14, 6:00 - 9:00. Never a cover. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Hatrack Gallagher and the Ric Maure Trio at this weekend's Sunday Soul. November 7, 6:00 - 9:00. No cover., Looking forward to Justin Quinn at this weekend's Sunday Soul, with Jon Ross, Per Hansen and Dave Sag. October 31, 6:00 - 9:00. No cover., Here's a big thank you to the immense talent and charisma of Ed Scheer, our once-a-month Sunday Soul host!!, Looking forward to Ed Scheer hosting Henri Smith with The Workingman's Jazz Band this weekend at Sunday Soul. New Orleans music from the source! Sunday, October 24, 6:00 - 9:00. No cover., Here it is-- Phil Pemberton live at Sunday Soul., Where are all the pictures from yesterday's bash???, Don't forget to call for a dinner reservation for Sunday Blues. Tables fill up early for great music and fantastic food, call 978-465-3811, Sunday Soul: Phil Pemberton (Roomful of Blues), with special guest Ron Levy on keys this Sunday, October 17, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. Never a cover charge!, Sunday Soul: Scott Shetler with special guest Michelle Willson this Sunday, October 10, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. Never a cover charge!, Fall entertainment calendar!, Sunday Soul: Miss Tess and the Bon Ton Parade this Sunday, October 3, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. Never a cover., If you have not heard yet; Chuck is relocating to Fort Lauderdale.  No more winters for Chuck!!  Stop by and see him before he joins the snow birds!!!, Sunday Soul: Ed Scheer hosts 2010 Massachusetts Blues Challenge winner Diane Blue, this Sunday night, September 26, 6:00 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table. Never a cover., Have you had lunch at Glenn's yet?  great food and a good time!!, Chicago blues and down-home grooves this Sunday with 2120 South Michigan Avenue. Sunday Soul, September 19, 6:00 - 9:00, 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Groove Authority coming to Glenn's this Sunday, Sept 12, 6 - 9:00. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Thanks to Motown Dave and The Assembly Line for a great show to a packed house last night., Motown Dave TONIGHT at Sunday Soul...this is a schedule shift...Phil Pemberton has been called away for a Roomful of Blues gig and will be rescheduled for later in the year. Great music tonight, 6:00 - 9:00. As always, no cover. 44 Merrimac St., Newburyport, MA. 978 465 3811., Looking forward to Tony Gallo at Sunday Soul this weekend, August 29, with host Ed Scheer. 6:00 - 9:00. No cover. Call 978 465 3811 to reserve a table., Elle Gallo did a great job at last night's Sunday Soul! Packed house for this great performer...thanks to Elle and her fine band., Looking forward to Elle Gallo at Sunday Soul this weekend. Elle's band is the house band at House of Blues in Boston. This Sunday, August 22, 6:00 - 9:00. As always, NO COVER., Sunday 6 - 9 No Cover. Fran Calo., Looking forward to Erin and the Soul Drivers at Sunday Soul this weekend. Classic soul and R&B! Music 6:00 - 9:00. NO COVER., If you only had thirty bucks-- how would you spend it at Glenn's?, Come on in and cool off with an "ICY COLD MARTINI", Grade A tuna, Swordfish, Oysters, Scallops and more. We have the freshest seafood around., What's your favorite martini? Come on in, we'll have it chilled and waiting for you!!!, What's your favorite Glenn's dessert?, Ed Scheer hosts Gus Carlson with special guest Mario Perrett on sax, THIS SUNDAY, June 6, 6-9:00pm. 44 Merrimac Street, Newburyport, MA. 978 465 3811. NEVER A COVER., Looking forward to Ed Scheer hosting the Jose Ramos Band, with special guest Mario Perrett, this Sunday, May 30, 6-9:00., Check out this link-- video of Cheryl Arena's appearance last Sunday at Glenn's. Thanks Joe!, Looking forward to Racky Thomas this Sunday, May 23., Hi everyone, Glenn's is now open for Lunch Thursday thru Sunday., Looking forward to this week's Sunday Soul featuring Cheryl Arena. For our music calendar, visit http://www.glennsrestaurant.com/calendar)