List(Google April Fool's prank goes wrong:
http://www.businessinsider.com/google-pulls-mic-drop-minions-april-fools-joke-due-to-complaints-job-losses-2016-4, There is officially a day for everything now:
http://www.examiner.com/article/march-31-national-tater-day, Thank you Boston!  Check in and check us out!  

http://www.boston.com/culture/lifestyle/2016/03/25/these-are-the-top-ten-bars-in-boston-according-to-check-in-data?event=event51, Patsy and Paul will be tonight's live entertainment.  Start your weekend with us!, null, null, null, null, Happy St. Patrick's Day!, Very Honored to be on their list.  Cheers!, Happy Pi day!  #piday, https://www.yahoo.com/tv/dos-equis-retire-most-interesting-man-world-164134253.html, http://www.greenbot.com/article/2936893/15-stupid-ways-you-break-your-phone.html, We will be holding our annual #StPatricksDay celebration this year from March 13-19.
There will be live music every day as well as a special Corned Beef Dinner and an authentic Irish Breakfast.
Come on down and join the fun!, null, null, Let us take care of you tonight with some of our delicious comfort foods., Dave & The Shades are here tonight!, Congratulations to our MA native artists who won at #TheGrammys last night;

-Nantucket's Meghan Trainor Best New Artist
-Stoughton native Lori McKenna who won two Grammys, one for Best Country Duo/Group Performance and one for Best Country Song
-Our hometown Boston Symphony Orchestra for Best Orchestral Performance
-and last but not least, Newton's own Louis C.K. for Best Comedy Album

Great job guys, way to make us #BostonProud!, What do you have lined up for this weekend?, We will be serving pancakes all day!  #FatTuesday #mardigras, It’s that special time of year when Valentine’s is drawing near.  Join us Sunday February 14 for a special Valentine's Day party featuring live music by Patsy & Paul and Colm O'Brien Music.  #cupid, Join us Feb. 9th for our Fat Tuesday Celebration! Pancakes will be served all day, come indulge! #fattuesday #mardigras, The McTeggarts are here tonight at 8:30PM.  Their dulcet tones and superb musicianship make for one of the most sought after folk Irish bands!   Drop in for a pint and see for yourself!, Tommy and Alan are here tonight with an awesome live set beginning at 8:30pm.  #bostonirishpub #livemusic, Tough start to 2016.  Thanks for the memories Glenn.

http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/glenn-frey-eagles-guitarist-dead-at-67-20160118, The weekend never ends when you are here!  Dave Foley will be with us tonight at 8:30pm, we have some delicious meals so you don't have to worry about supper and rumor has it that we pour an ok pint of Guinness., There will be lots of energy in the air tonight as the New England Patriots begin their playoff run in just a little over an hour.  Come join the fun!, RIP David Bowie  https://www.facebook.com/rickygervais/videos/311037832353910/, Whether you need a warm, stiff drink to fight this winter weather or your searching for a delicious meal, Mr. Dooley's is here to serve! Here's a sneak peak at a few of the things we're whipping up..., Whether you need a warm, stiff drink to fight this winter weather or your searching for a delicious meal, Mr. Dooley's is here to serve! Here's a sneak peak at a few of the things we're whipping up..., Delicious!, Happy New Year!  Come on by tonight, we got Erin's Guild at 8pm!, null, We hope you are all having a great holiday season thus far! @David Foley is here tonight at 8:30 and there will be many pints poured!  See you soon!  #happyholidays #livemusic #bostonsbestirishpub, May the magic and the wonder of the holiday season stay with you throughout the coming year!, The weekend is here and we are ready to make it another great one!  Here is our entertainment schedule:

Maxi kicks things off this afternoon at 5pm with a live set followed by Sunday's Well  at 9:30pm.  

Tomorrow we have Tommy and Alan performing at 4pm and Sunday's Well is back for more fun at 9:30pm.  

Sunday will feature Patsy & Eamonn at 4pm and Colm O'Brien will wrap things up with a memorable set beginning at 9pm.

There is one week left before Christmas.  Come on by and celebrate with us! #TGIF, Come on by and enjoy a pint on this fine humpday and be treated to an enthusiastic set by our good friends The Auld Locals.  See you soon!  #humpday #livemusic #perfectpintofguinness #bostonirishpub, Get your tickets now.  Mr. Dooley's is selling out fast so don't wait!
Follow the link:

https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=PSY5J7K26GQVY, null, Join us on Saturday December 12 for our Annual Olde Fashioned Irish Christmas celebration. Lots of live music and Santa will be dropping by for the kids!  Prizes will be raffled in aid of Lucy's Love Bus.  Hope to see you all there!  #xmas2015 #holidaycelebration #irishpub, NYE 2016 Tickets Now Available! Purchase before December 6th and save on the fees! #NYE2016 #celebration #irishpubs

http://somerspubs.com/mr-dooleys/boston-events-and-promotions.html, null, Devri plays tonight at 9:30 and they always seem to get the crowd singing and dancing into the wee hours.  See you there!  #bostonirishpub, null, Purchase a O'Hara's Irish Craft Beers USA pale ale between 3-5pm this Sunday November 15 at Mr. Dooleys Boston Tavern & be entered in a draw to Win tickets to the Dublin v Galway hurling match on November 22nd. Winner will be drawn and announced this Sunday evening. #winfreetickets #hurling #fenway #irishpub

http://www.rte.ie/sport/gaa/2015/0915/727973-dublin-and-galway-hurlers-set-for-boston-clash/, All Veterans receive a 20% discount today at our pub.  Thank you for your service #thankyou, Dave Foley is here tonight and every Monday night at 9pm to set the mood and start the week off right!  #bostonnights #livemusic #irishpub, You have heard about it, now come experience the perfect Guinness pour!

Today's Music Menu:

4pm-7pm: Danny Gill
9:30pm-Late: Tommy & Alan

#weekends #irishpub #livemusic #perfectguinness, Exactly what I thought!

https://www.facebook.com/AboveAverageProductions/videos/vb.398926776798256/1054259907931603/?type=2&theater, The weekend is here, do you have your costume ready for the big party tomorrow night? #TGIF #HalloweenParty #irishpub, It's midweek and a perfect pint of Guinness sure would hit the spot. #humpday #perfectguinness #irishpub, Mr. Dooley’s Entertainment
This Week
10/26/15 – 11/01/15

Monday: 8pm – late: Dave Foley

Tuesday: 8.30pm – late: Colm O’Brien
    
Wednesday: 8.30pm-late: Tommy & Alan

Thursday: 8.30pm-late: Dave Foley Band

Friday: 4.30pm – 7.30p: Max Courtney
    
Friday: 9.30pm-Late: Sundays Well

Saturday 4pm-7pm: Tommy & Alan

Saturday 9pm-Late: Sundays Well

Sunday 4pm-8pm: Patsy Whelan & Paul Kenny

Sunday 9pm-Late: Tommy & Alan, Devri is about to hit the stage shortly, come on by for a pint and a great show!  #lastminuteplans #irishhospitality #saturdaynight, null, Mr. Dooley’s Entertainment
This Week
10/05/15 – 10/11/15

Monday: 8pm – late: Dave Foley

Tuesday: 8.30pm – late: Sundays Well
    
Wednesday: 8.30pm-late: Maxi Courtney

Thursday: 8.30pm-late: Dave Foley Band

Friday: 4.30pm – 7.30p: Ronan Quinn
    
Friday: 9.30pm-Late: Patsy & Paul

Saturday 4pm-7pm: Colm O’Brien

Saturday 9pm-Late: Patsy & Paul

Sunday 4pm-8pm: Patsy Whelan & Eamonn Sheehan

Sunday 9pm-Late: The McTeggarts, Happy Friday!  Come on down for a pint and some live music.  The McTeggarts will be hitting the stage soon!  #Weekend!, The fun continues today with Boxty at 4pm & McTeggarts at 9:30pm.  Come on down for a pint!, null, Make your plans for the long weekend at Mr. Dooley's Boston.  We have a great music lineup, excellent food & tons of refreshments.  The fun starts Sept 4th!, Tommy & Alan are performing tonight at 9:30, You’ll be singing right along in no time!  #TGIF, #TGIF The weekend is finally here!  Come unwind with us tonight,  @maxicourtney is playing now and we got Patsy & Paul going on around 9:30., Today is National #IPAday!  Come down to Mr. Dooley's and try a Harpoon or Dogfish IPA!, Check out the Small Business Revolution's Story #57
http://smallbusinessrevolution.org/story/mr-dooleys/, It's a beautiful day out there!  What are you doing after work?  How about coming by Mr. Dooley's and meet with some All-Ireland Players and see the Sam Maguire cup!  ..and of course a nice cold draft and a couple of bites!  :) #allireland #tgif #memorialday, In Honor of John Joe Somers, the founder of the Somers Pubs and for Declan Higgins, we have made these T-shirts with proceeds going to the Dana Farber Cancer Institute.

Get one today for yourself or someone you love. 
It's a great cause and a cool & inspirational T-Shirt!

http://www.somerspubs.com/shop-online.html, Voted top 15 Bars in Boston!

"When you find yourself in the city’s Financial District, don’t hesitate to make a stop into Mr. Dooley’s. In a city already known for it’s Irish flare, this dark but cozy tavern has managed to make a name for itself among the crowd and they’ve been going strong since 1991."

http://www.movoto.com/blog/opinions/boston-bars/, "Chatty bartenders who remember what you first ordered (cue the Cheers theme song right about now), friendly servers, perfectly poured pints, standout food, and live Irish music give this downtown favorite an “authentic” feel..."

https://www.yahoo.com/food/the-best-irish-pubs-in-america-for-st-patricks-113517256736.html, It's almost the weekend...  If this snow is giving you cabin fever, come out to Mr. Dooley's for the cure!  
We will also be showing the Superbowl this weekend... come early to claim your spot!, Come warm yourself up with some of our delicious Mulled Wine!, There's still time to buy your NYE tickets for tonight!
Click on this link (or copy and paste into a browser) to get your tickets online!

https://www.paypal.com/us/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_flow&SESSION=hurzdkwXO6ctS27DGGhqgXGtORrbdHSnvYs-dcJXc1hSlFoEfWQnK-00m_8&dispatch=50a222a57771920b6a3d7b606239e4d529b525e0b7e69bf0224adecfb0124e9b61f737ba21b08198d8562aa8a3da7ac30bbfba73b3e80dcc, Did you get your World Cup Passport yet?

Click Here to get your card now:
http://somerspubs.com/shop-online.html, BREAKFAST/BRUNCH SERVED WEEKENDS FROM 9AM-4PM, Voted Top Irish Pub destination for St. Patrick's day in Boston;

http://www.bustle.com/articles/17862-the-10-best-irish-pubs-in-the-country-so-you-can-do-st-patricks-day-right, Don't forget, get your exclusive T-Shirt or Jersey today and cut the line tomorrow...  On sale at Mr. Dooley's now!  Come by after work, get your "VIP" apparel, then stick around for Sunday's Well playing live tonight.  Start the party first!

Check out our exclusive e-mail about all the St. Patrick's events!  Sign up to stay informed on this long weekend's happenings in Boston: http://www.somerspubs.com/newsletter.html

, Tired of all the protesting??? It's time for a Pint!!! Terry Nixon is on the bar tonight pouring perfect pints of Guinness all night long.....Boston's Best Live Irish & Beach Music starting at 8pm tonight with Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell. The AC is cranking and the Craic is Mighty!!
 Mr. Dooley's, We Love To Have Fun!!!!, Who wants to have some fun tonight???? Mr Dooleys is the place to be!!! We have Boston's Best Live Irish Music with Patsy Whelan & Martin McEntee taking the satge in just a few minutes and playing all night long. Have you had your Iron suppliments today??? We are pouring the Perfect Pint of Guinness tonight full of Iron!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, We love to enjoy ourselves!!!, Tough getting back to work after the long weekend??? We are pouring the Perfect Pint of Guinness tonight at Mr. Dooley's, that should help....not only that but we have Boston's Best Staff working tonight....Terry Nixon behind the bar and Leak Stack working the floor!!! As if that wasn't enough we went ahead and organized Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell to perform all your favorite Irish Ballads & Tunes starting at 8:30pm!!! 
Mr. Dooley's, never to busy for a pint and sure we love to enjoy ourselves!!!!, Who's Thirsty on this Memorial Day Weekend???? We have a great Holiday Cocktail just for you!! Raspberry & Pomegranate Lemonade Punch......(Raspberry & Pomegranate Sorbet Vodka, Raspberry Schapps, Lemonade, Dash of 7-Up & a Dash of Soda Water with a Fresh Cut Lemon) It's Refreshing & Delicious!!! We have Boston's Best Live Irish Music today with Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan playing from 4-8pm followed by The McTeggarts at 9pm......
 Mr. Dooley's, We love to enjoy ourselves!!!!, What are you doing this Memorial Day Weekend??? Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern is the place to be!!! We have an amazing line up of Live Irish Music....Friday 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan performs followed by Patsy Whelan & Paul Kenny at 9:30pm. Saturday we serve Boston's Best Irish Brunch at 9am till 4pm, followed by Live Irish Music with The McTeggarts from 4-7pm...stick around for dinner then because Patsy Whelan & Paul Kenny return top the stage at 9:30pm again!!! Sunday we do Boston's Best Irish Brunch all over again from 9am-4pm, Patsy & Eamon take the stage from 4-8pm then at 9pm to finish out your holiday weekend strong we have The McTeggarts performing all your favorite Irish Ballads!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, We didn't invent great craic, we just found a way to prefect it!! Happy Memorial Day Weekend....hope to see ye for a pint!!!!, What are you doing this Memorial Day Weekend??? Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern is the place to be!!! We have an amazing line up of Live Irish Music....Friday 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan performs followed by Patsy Whelan & Paul Kenny at 9:30pm. Saturday we serve Boston's Best Irish Brunch at 9am till 4pm, followed by Live Irish Music with The McTeggarts from 4-7pm...stick around for dinner then because Patsy Whelan & Paul Kenny return top the stage at 9:30pm again!!! Sunday we do Boston's Best Irish Brunch all over again from 9am-4pm, Patsy & Eamon take the stage from 4-8pm then at 9pm to finish out your holiday weekend strong we have The McTeggarts performing all your favorite Irish Ballads!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, We didn't invent great craic, we just found a way to prefect it!! Happy Memorial Day Weekend....hope to see ye for a pint!!!!, Thirsty???? Try one of our refreshing cocktail features.....Lemon & Blackberry Lemonade Punch.....(Absolute BlackBerry Vodka, Lemon Sorbet Vodka, Lemonade, Dash of 7-Up & a Dash of Soda Water with a Fresh Cut Lemon)....It's Delicious!!!
 Live Irish Music tonight by Patsy Whelan & Paul Kenny....
 Mr. Dooley's, Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!!!, Who's ready for a Tuesday afternoon Proper Pint of Guinness??? Legendary Bartender Downtown John Brown is pouring the Perfect Pint of Guinness this afternoon, stop by and join us for one!!! The weather is beautiful today & the Pints are Mighty!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Sure we love to enjoy ourselves......., We have a great weekend planned for you here at Mr. Dooley's!! 5p.m tonight we have Eamonn Sheehan playing all your favorite Irish Tunes. From 9.30p.m we have Sunday's Well take the stage. Saturday from 4-7 p.m we have Tommy & Alan Loughnane. Then Sunday's Well take the stage again from 9.30 p.m til late. Join Patsy & Paul on Sunday afternoon from 4-8p.m and then the McTeggarts from 9p.m til late. Mr. Dooley's, we Love to Enjoy Ourselves!!!!, Who's ready for some Pre & Post Game Drinks???? Mr. Dooley's is the place to be tonight!! We have live music by Dave Foley starting at 8:30pm. Come say "Hi" to Bartender Exrodinaire Billy Cox as he pours you the Perfect Pint of Guinness....
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home for Great Craic!!!, Happy Mother's Day!!!What are you doing for your mum today?? Bring your mum to Mr. Dooley's for Boston's Best Irish Brunch being served from 9am till 4pm!! We will have all your favorite Irish Breakfast selections as well as some delicious specials including our famous Neptune Haddock, Roast Beef Dinner,New England Farm Roast Turkey Dinner and Fresh Maine Lobster Mac & Cheese. There will be Live Irish Music by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell from 4-8pm followed by Colm O'Brien at 9pm!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Mum's favorite spot to spend Mother's Day!!!!, It's Mother's Day weekend and we have the Best Live Irish Music to put smiles on Mum's face!!!! Tonight from 5-pm Eamon Sheehan performs followed by Tommy & Alan at 9:30pm. Tomorrow live Irish music by The Locals from 4-7pm followed by Tommy 7 Alan again at 9:30pm. 
Have you made your reservations for Mother's Day yet??? It's this Sunday May 12th!!! Bring your mum to Mr. Dooley's for Boston's Best Irish Brunch being served from 9am till 4pm!! We will have all your favorite Irish Breakfast selections as well as some delicious specials including our famous Neptune Haddock, Roast Beef Dinner,New England Farm Roast Turkey Dinner and Fresh Maine Lobster Mac & Cheese. There will be Live Irish Music by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell from 4-8pm followed by Colm O'Brien at 9pm!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Mum's favorite spot to spend Mother's Day!!!!, Wow....tickets are selling quick! Have you got yours yet????
 Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern Proudly Presents.....MUNDY in concert on Sunday June 9, 2013 at 8pm. Tickets are on sale now at the bar or by calling 617-338-5656. Tickets are only $25.00 and are General Admission, standing room only. This is an age 21+ event, proper ID will be required at the door. Doors Open at 6pm, Opening Act 6:30pm, Munday in Concert at 8pm & After Party with The Auld Locals starts at 10pm!!!! There are only 85 tickets available.....Hurry This Will Set Out Quick!!!!!
 Don't miss Mundy at Mr. Dooley's, his only Boston Concert!!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!!, Have you made your reservations for Mother's Day yet??? It's this Sunday June 12th!!! Bring your mum to Mr. Dooley's for Boston's Best Irish Brunch being served from 9am till 4pm!! We will have all your favorite Irish Breakfast selections as well as some delicious specials including our famous Neptune Haddock, Roast Beef Dinner,New England Farm Roast Turkey Dinner and Fresh Maine Lobster Mac & Cheese. There will be Live Irish Music by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell from 4-8pm followed by Colm O'Brien at 9pm!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Mum's favorite spot to spend Mother's Day!!!!, Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern Proudly Presents.....MUNDY in concert on Sunday June 9, 2013 at 8pm. Tickets are on sale now at the bar or by calling 617-338-5656. Tickets are only $25.00 and are General Admission, standing room only. This is an age 21+ event, proper ID will be required at the door. Doors Open at 6pm, Opening Act 6:30pm, Munday in Concert at 8pm & After Party with The Auld Locals starts at 10pm!!!! There are only 85 tickets available.....Hurry This Will Set Out Quick!!!!!
Don't miss Mundy at Mr. Dooley's, his only Boston Concert!!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!!, féadfaidh sona 5!!! (Happy Cinco de Mayo) Mr. Dooley's is the place to be today... Starting at 4pm we have Patsy Whelan & Paul Kenny singing all your favorite Irish & Mexican Songs!!! The tonight at 9pm Tommy & Alan take over the stage to keep the Fiesta going!!! The Tequilla and Coronas are flowing but better yet the Pint tastes mighty today!!! Have you got your Iron suppliments today???
 Mr. Dooley's, We Love to Enjoy Ourselves!!!, It's Cinco de Mayo weekend at Mr. Dooley's and we are Celebrating like it's St. Paddy's Weekend!!! Boston's Best Live Irish Music all weekend long....Tonight 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan Performs followed by DEVRI at 9:30pm. Tomorrow Irish Brunch from 9am-4pm, then 4-7pm Colm O'Brien Performs followed by DEVRI again at 9:30pm. Sunday we do Irish Brunch all over again from 9am-4pm. From 4-8pm Patsy Whelan & Paul Kenny perform all your favorite Irish & Mexican Hits!! Followed by Tommy & Alan at 9pm!!! Aye Yae Yae...Thats some weekend of music!!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, We Love to Enjoy Ourselves!!!!!, What a beautiful day!!! We have even a better night in store for you here at Mr. Dooley's!! Put your dancing shoes on ....we have The Dave Foley Band starting around 8:30pm. We will have amazing Dinner Specials and Boston's Best Pint of Guinness flowing all night!!! Come say "Hi" to Kenny on the Bar and Kat & Pauline looking after the floor tonight. 
Mr. Dooley's, we Love to Enjoy Ourselves!!!!, Mr. Dooley's is preparing dinner tonight!!! Who's Hungry?? Tonight we are featuring our Famous Neptune Haddock...(Today’s Fresh Local Catch…Fresh Chatham Haddock prepared with Steamed Cape Cod Clams, Smoked Irish Bacon & Fresh Garden Tomatoes in a White Haven Sauvignon Blanc and Pan Juice Sauce served on a small bed of Fresh Linguine.) The weather is beautiful & the windows are open...Live Irish Music by Tommy & Alan starting at 8:30pm tonight!!
Mr. Dooley's, We love to enjoy ourselves!!!!, Who's Hungry??? Dinner is ready at Mr. Dooley's!! Tonight we are featuring some Delicious Dinner Specials including our New England Farm Roast Turkey Dinner or try our famous Jameson Irish Whiskey BBQ Surf & Turf!!! Have you seen our New Award Winning Wine List?? The Manefesto Sauvignon Blanc from the North Coast, CA pairs perfect with our Turkey Dinner....of course you can never go wrong with a Properly Poured Pint of Guinness. Join us for some Live Irish Music tonight by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell starting at 8:30pm. The Weather is Beautiful come in to the city and enjoy it with us!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, We love to enjoy ourselves!!!!!, Holy Moly Tonight at Mr. Dooley's it's Dave Foley!!! Music kicks off at 8pm but the fun starts at 6pm with Bartender Extrodinaire....Billy Cox pouring you the Perfect Pint!!!! It's the perfect night to come down to Mr. Dooley's for some fun, great weather outside and windows are open!!
 Mr. Dooley's, We Didn't Invent Great Craic....We Perfected It!!!!!, Who's ready for some good old fashion fun today?? The weather is beautiful today. come down to Mr. Dooley's for some mighty craic!!! The Windows are Open, Brunch is being served till 4pm, from 4-8pm Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan perform all your favorite Irish songs.....then at 9pm Ronan Quinn & Matt Glover take the stage to finish out your weekend strong!!! Come down for a Proper Pint of Guinness or try our Cocktail Feature...Mr. Dooley's Punch, its delicious...Raspberry & Pomegranate Vodka, Peach Schnapps, Pineapple & Cranberry Juice with a dash of Soda Water!!! 
Mr. Dooley's, We didn't invent Great Craic...we Perfected it!!!!!, Yesterday was a very proud day for us here at Mr. Dooley’s Boston Tavern. We had an idea to get together to help raise some money for those who are our friends, neighbors & colleagues also referred to as the victims and families of the Marathon Monday Bombings & Thursday’s Tragedies. Every member of Mr. Dooley’s staff pitched in and helped in many ways including donating their time and tips earned yesterday. We reached out to the entire Irish community through phone calls, social media, word of mouth and with the assistance of our friends at WROL’s Irish Hit Parade and asked all musicians to come in and join us to entertain supporters of this fundraiser. Over 40 musicians responded and donated their time and talents. Proceeds from the Bar & Merchandise sales from yesterday’s fundraiser are also being donated to The One Fund Boston. Customers whom will always now be known as old and new friends alike showed up in droves to support every way they could for this very worthy cause. Everyone reached deep to donate at the door. There wasn’t a friend in the pub that didn’t also purchase at least an arm’s length of raffle tickets. I should also note friends called in from around the country and also from Ireland to purchase raffle tickets over the phone. Once again we called on friends to dig deep and support both our live and silent auctions and again they stood up and helped in a very generous way. Friends like Jack and Connor showed up offering their talent and time to photograph and video this magical day and we look forward to sharing that with you soon.
 
There was an amazing spirit of coming together yesterday that I am both proud of and somewhat emotional about. We truly are Boston Strong, but also World Strong. I reached out the Irish music world for help and specifically want to mention the immediate response from Keith Harkin and Celtic Thunder who were willing to cancel and drop everything to fly to Boston from the West Coast Tour to join yesterday’s efforts but we couldn’t get flights arranged, but not from lack of trying and several attempts. Also, hearing our plea for help was Francie Conway, an amazing musician and dear friend to us here at Mr. Dooley’s. He spent countless hours spreading the word of help needed to Irish musicians and informed all radio & television personalities and stations in Ireland about our efforts here in Boston. Paddy Reilly & Finbar Furey also answered our call and got the word out and continue to ask, how can we help. Mundy couldn’t make the fundraiser but sent auction prizes to help us raise money. In the weeks and months to come we will be working on a project in Ireland where all these friends will join in a new effort to assist The One Fund Boston. For that I give my sincere thanks.
 We were honored to have several members of Police & Fire Departments with us whom also dug deep even after all they did for us this past week. Among them were Milton Chief of Police Richard Wells, Cambridge Lieutenant Pauline Wells, Revere Police Officer Joe Singer and Massachusetts State Police Trooper Lione to name a few. It was an honor to shake their hands and give them a hug because they were amongst the many first responders and played key roles in bringing the bombing suspects to justice.
 
Every penny we helped raise yesterday will be donated to The One Fund Boston, a fund set up by the Boston Mayor & Massachusetts Governors Offices to send aid directly to the Victims and the Victims Families affected by The Marathon Monday Bombings. We raised quite a bit of money yesterday as we ran this fundraiser throughout the Somer’s Pubs. I don’t have a final tally as many, many checks are still coming in but we can say this was the most successful fundraiser we have ran to date. If you were unable to attend and wish to help out in this effort you may make a check out to “The One Fund Boston” and send it to Mr. Dooley’s Boston Tavern, 77 Broad Street, Boston, Ma 02109,USA or you can log on to onefundboston.org and donate online. There is no such thing as too small of a donation, every penny helps! An example of this kindness was something I experienced as I came into open the pub today. In the mail was a letter with a $30 check made out to The One Fund. The letter thanked us for our efforts, mentioned the fondness she had for Boston to which she lived here 50 years ago, how much she was upset over what happen this past week and also how much she wish she could have given more that $30 but she is on a limited budget as she is on Social Security. I was humbled and so very thankful for this letter and very generous donation. I implore everyone to look deep and try and do the same as this amazing, kind woman. 

The purpose of this posting is to say thank you. I am sorry for the length of it, but don’t even think I have begun to thank all that need to be mentioned. I love Boston. We all love Boston. Boston is Strong and will overcome, but we must remember to keep in our hearts the 4 amazing people we lost last week and the over 170 plus people injured and all their families. For them we must be strong and for them we must continue our effort for The One Fund Boston. 
Thank You, 
John Fitzgerald & all the gang at Mr. Dooley’s Boston Tavern., Major Fundraiser Today....We need your Help!!!
 
Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern will be hosting a fundraiser for the Victims & Families of the Marathon Monday Bombings today  Sunday April 21st starting at 2pm. All proceeds will go to "One Fund Boston" which was set up via the Boston Mayors & MA Governors Offices to send money directly to the victims. The fundraiser will begin at 2pm and we will have over 40+ Irish Musicians playing throughout the day & night, including Patsy Whelan, Paul Kenny, Sunday's Well, The Auld Locals, The McTeggarts, The Dave Foley Band & Colm O'Brien to name just a few (Plus a few Special Surprise Guests!!!)
 There will be opportunities to donate at the door, through raffles & auctions. Please consider not only cash & check donations but raffle & auction prizes as well. Proceeds from the Bar sales will also be donated to One Fund Boston!! Please come out and support this great cause. Boston is an amazing city and we must now all stand together to help out those who need us most right now. 
If you can not attend and want to help...Please make the check out to "One Fund Boston" and post to Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern, 77 Broad Street, Boston, Ma 02109 USA
 
Event: Marathon Monday Bombing Victims Fundraiser
 Place: Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern
 Date: Sunday April 21, 2013
 Time: 2pm-Late
 Donation: Door, Raffle & Auction
 Live music by over 40+ Irish Musicians, MrDooley's Boston

 
If you are unable to attend tomorrow's fundraiser but still want to help.....Please make Checks out to "One Fund Boston" and send them here to Mr. Dooley's 77 Broad Street, Boston, MA 02109 USA
 Thank You, Major Fundraiser Tomorrow....We need your Help!!!
 
Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern will be hosting a fundraiser for the Victims & Families of the Marathon Monday Bombings tomorrow Sunday April 21st starting at 2pm. All proceeds will go to "One Fund Boston" which was set up via the Boston Mayors & MA Governors Offices to send money directly to the victims. The fundraiser will begin at 2pm and we will have over 30+ Musicians playing throughout the day & night, including Patsy Whelan, Paul Kenny, Sunday's Well, The Auld Locals, The McTeggarts, The Dave Foley Band & Colm O'Brien to name just a few (Plus a few Special Surprise Guests!!!)
 There will be opportunities to donate at the door, through raffles & auctions. Please consider not only cash & check donations but raffle & auction prizes as well. Proceeds from the Bar sales will also be donated to One Fund Boston!! Please come out and support this great cause. Boston is an amazing city and we must now all stand together to help out those who need us most right now. 

Event: Marathon Monday Bombing Victims Fundraiser
 Place: Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern
 Date: Sunday April 21, 2013
 Time: 2pm-Late
 Donation: Door, Raffle & Auction
 Live music by over 40+ Musicians, THANK YOU to every member of the law enforcement that came out to secure our city and bring to justice those responsible for the horrific bombings this week. We are so proud of you and and will continue to thank you every time we get a chance. There are quite a few people here in Mr. Dooley's that would like to buy you a Pint!!!
Job Well Done!!! #bostonstrong, Mr. Dooley's is Boston Strong!!!! We are open...come down and have a Proper Pint of Guinness with Leah & Kenny on the Bar, after everything this week....you deserve it!!! Boston's Best Live Irish Music tonight with The McTeggarts starting at 9:30pm. We want to take a minute to thank the Very Barve Men & Women of all Law Enforcement Agencies thank worked so hard this week to keep our amazing city safe. Our prayers go out to Officer Collier (RIP) and his family and we continue to pray for Officer Donohue.....
 Mr. Dooley's, we'd love to see you for a pint!!!!, Mr. Dooley's will open at 6pm this evening. Come down and have a pint and a chat with us if your in the area., Mr. Dooleys is closed this afternoon as Boston is currently on lockdown. We pray for the safety of all law enforcement as they work so hard to keep our amazing city safe. We will keep all our facebook friends and customers updated once we know when we will be in a position to open, Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern will be hosting a fundraiser for the Victims & Families of the Marathon Monday Bombings this Sunday April 21st starting at 2pm. All proceeds will go to "One Fund Boston" which was set up via the Boston Mayors & MA Governors Offices to send money directly to the victims. The fundraiser will begin at 2pm and we will have over 30+ Musicians playing throughout the day & night, including Patsy Whelan, Paul Kenny,  Sunday's Well, The Auld Locals, The McTeggarts, The Dave Foley Band & Colm O'Brien to name just a few (Plus a few Special Surprise Guests!!!)
There will be opportunities to donate at the door, through raffles & auctions. Please consider not only cash & check donations but raffle & auction prizes as well. Proceeds from the Bar sales will also be donated to One Fund Boston!! Please come out and support this great cause. Boston is an amazing city and we must now all stand together to help out those who need us most right now. 

Event: Marathon Monday Bombing Victims Fundraiser
Place: Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern
Date: Sunday April 21, 2013
Time: 2pm-Late
Donation: Door, Raffle & Auction
Live music by over 40+ Musicians, null, Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern will be hosting a fundraiser for the Victims & Families of the Marathon Monday Bombings this Sunday April 21st starting at 2pm. All proceeds will go to "One Fund Boston" which was set up via the Boston Mayors & MA Governors Offices to send money directly to the victims. The fundraiser will begin at 2pm and we will have over 30+ Musicians playing throughout the day & night, including Patsy Whelan, Paul Kenny, DEVRI, Sunday's Well, The Auld Locals, The McTeggarts, The Dave Foley Band & Colm O'Brien to name just a few!!!
There will be opportunities to donate at the door, through raffles & auctions. Please consider not only cash & check donations but raffle & auction prizes as well. Proceeds from the Bar sales will also be donated to One Fund Boston!! Please come out and support this great cause. Boston is an amazing city and we must now all stand together to help out those who need us most right now. 

Event: Marathon Monday Bombing Victims Fundraiser
 Date: Sunday April 21, 2013
 Time: 2pm-Late
 Donation: Door, Raffle & Auction
 Live music by over 30+ Musicians, Thank you everyone for your phone calls, messages and postings. All members of staff and family here at Mr. Dooley's are safe from the horrific explossions that happened in Boston today. We have been busy welcoming in very shell shocked runners and supporters all afternoon and evening, and then tone has been very somber. Our thoughts and prayers need to be with the victims and their families along with the Brave Men and Women of Boston Police, Boston Fire, Boston EMT, Boston Marathon Volunteers, FBI and all law enforcement that were amoungst the first responders that do so much to keep us safe. Please keep them all in your thoughts and prayers these next few days as Boston rebuilds., null, Mr. Dooleys is hosting Boston's Best Post Marathon Party today. Live Music by Dave Foley, Delicious Lunch/Dinner Specials and Boston's Proper Pint of Guinness!!! We want to congratulate all the particpants in the 2013 Boston Marathon by offering them a 10% discount off all food and merchandise (not alcohol...sorry) today. Just bring in and show us your 2013 Boston Marathon Medal !!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!!!, Well Mr. Dooley is exhausted from running the Boston Marathon today...ok maybe it was just a Beer Run for todays Big Party!!! Did you know that Mr. Dooley's is hosting Boston's Official Marathon Party?? We will have live music by Dave Foley, Delicious Post Marthaon Lunch/Dinner Specials and of course Boston's Proper Pint of Guinness!!
Join us after the Marathon for some good old fashion good times!!!
Mr. Dooley's, We know how to throw a Party....especailly Boston's Marathon Party!!!, Who's Ready for Boston's Offical Sunday Funday Marathon Party??? Mr. Dooley's is the place to be today. Live Irish Music by Patsy Whelan & Paul Kenny from 4-8pm today followed by Colm O'Brien at 9pm. Terry Nixon will be Pouring you the Perfect Pint of Guinness and we have lots of Fresh Local Seafood & Pasta dishes on Special today for the Runners!!! We're going to have lots of fun today...don't miss out!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, We didn't Invent Great Craic....We Perfected it!!!!, Mr. Dooley's Proudly Welcomes the Runners & Supporters of The 2013 Boston Marathon!!! We have one heck of an Irish Music Marathon planned for you in Mr. Dooley's this weekend. Tonight from 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan Performs followed by everyone's favorite....DEVRI at 9:30pm! Tomorrow we open for brunch at 9am till 4pm, then from 4-7pm Tommy & Alan take the satge followed by DEVRI again at 9:30pm. Sunday we open again for brunch from 9am-4pm, Live Irish Music by Patsy Whelan & Paul Kenny from 4-8pm then Colm O'Brien at 9pm. We will be hosting our Annual Marathon Monday Party will live music by Dave Foley!!!! Delicious Seafood & Pasta Specails on the menu all weekend.....
 Mr. Dooley's, We didn't invent Great Craic....We Perfected it!!!!!!, It's a Wicked Great Pint Wednesday at Mr. Dooley's Tonight!!!! Boston's Best Live Irish Music starting at 8pm with The Auld Locals. Have you had a Perfect Pint of Guinness today? Go on...it's good for ya!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, We didn't invent Great Craic....We Perfected it!!!!, Spring is here at last!!!! Get out and enjoy this beautiful weather and come down to Mr. Dooley's for a Proper Pint of Guinness and some Laughs!!! We have live music this evening by Dave Foley starting at 8pm. 
Mr. Dooley's, We didn't invent Great Craic....We Perfected it!!!!!, Mr. Dooley's Wisdom....." You never plough a field by turning it over in your mind" Now lads with that said....don't just think about it, come on down and join the Mighty Craic today in Mr. Dooley's!!! Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan are on stage now and will be playing all your favorite Irish Songs till 8pm, then Tommy & Alan take the stage to keep you in great spirits till the early hours!!! Terry Nixon will be behind the bar Pouring the Perfect Pint and putting Smiles on your face. 
Mr. Dooley's, we didn't invent Great Craic...we just found a Way to Perfect it!!!!, What's a Good Sunday Funday is you don't start off with a Proper Irish Breakfast!!! We are serving our famous Irish Brunch Menu till 4pm today. Live Irish Music by Patsy Whelan & Paul Kenny starts at 4pm today. Stcik around for a few Proper Pints as Tommy & Alan take the stage at 9pm to finish your weekend off strong!!!
Mr. Dooley's, We didn't invent Great Craic.....we just found a way to Perfect it!!!!!, Who's ready for a Mighty Live Irish Music Weekend???? The Pints are Flowing and the Craic is Mighty.....Tonight we have Eamon Sheehan peforming 5-9pm followed by Patsy Whelan & Paul Kenny at 9:30pm. Tomorrow join us for Brunch starting at 9am, then we have Live Irish Music by The Auld Locals from 4-7pm followed by Patsy Whelan & Paul Kenny at 9:30pm. Sunday we offer up Brunch again from 9am-4pm, then from 4-8pm we have Patsy & Eamon on stage followed by Tommy & Alan at 8:30pm!!!
Mr. Dooley's, We didn't invent Great Craic....We just found a way to Perfect it!!!!, Why not start your weekend off early and drop by Mr. Dooley's to see the amazing Dave Foley Band. Playing all your favourite Johnny Cash and Rockabilly songs. We also have some delicious Dinner Specials like our Murphy's Stout Steak and Mushroom Pie. 
Mr. Dooley's, We didn't invent Great Craic....We found a way to Perfect it!!!!!, Somebody said it was a Get Wicked Wasted Wednesday!!!! Mr. Dooley's says its  a Wicked Proper Pint Wednesday!!!! We have a lovely night planned out for you this evening.....Live Irish Music by Tommy & Alan starting at 8:30pm. We have some delicious dinner specials for you, including our Famous Neptune Haddock (Today’s Day Boat Catch…Fresh Haddock prepared with Steamed Cape Cod Clams, Smoked Irish Bacon & Fresh Garden Tomatoes in a White Haven Sauvignon Blanc and Pan Juice Sauce served on a small bed of Fresh Linguine.) Come down and see some old friends and sure you'll meet some new ones as well!!
Mr. Dooley's, We didn't invent Great Craic....We found a way to Perfect it!!!!!, So many people were asking if it was an April Fools joke about MUNDY performing in Mr. Dooley's....Nope, It's True!!! Direct from Ireland and on his World Tour....Mundy will be performing in Mr. Dooley's on Sunday June 9th!!!! This will be his only Boston Concert!!! Ticket information & Pricing will be released on April 15th. Oh, and we are only telling our Facebook friends at this stage!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Bringing you only the Very Best Live Music from Ireland!!!!, It's Tuesday Boozeday and your Favorite Irish Pub is Boston's Official Sponsor!!! Stop into Mr. Dooley''s tonight as Terry Nixon will be pouring you the Perfect Pint of Guinness! We will have Boston's Best Live Irish Music tonight with Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell starting at 8:30pm. Hungry?? Try one of our deleicious dinner specials including our Irish Chicken Chasseur (New England Farm Chicken Breast prepared with Fresh Garden Tomato,Onions, Mushrooms & Peppers. Oven Baked in Our Own Irish Chasseur Sauce, served with Homemade Mashed Potato & Fresh Garden Vegetables.) 
Mr. Dooley's, We didn't create Great Craic....We Perfected it!!!!!, Mr. Dooley's was just challenged to make Boston's Best Corned Beef Reuben Sandwich....here is what we came up with!! What do you think? We use only the Leanest Corned Beef Brisket with Sauerkraut, Imported Swiss Cheese and Russian Dressing on your choice of Bread...oh and we serve it with your choice of Homemade Coleslaw, French Fries or Fresh Garden Salad. Come in and try one today for yourself!!! 
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Best Homemade Lunches!!!!, BREAKING NEWS!!!!! Direct from Ireland and his World Tour.....MUNDY will be performing his only Boston concert at Mr. Dooley's on June 9th!!!! Ticket Prices & Information will be released on April 15th!! 
Oh, by the way....we are only telling our Facebook friends at the moment!!!  
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Best for Live Irish Music!!!!!, Mr. Dooley's would like to wish all our friends a Very Happy Easter today!!! Lent is over....time for some Proper Pints Guinness!!! We have a mighty evening planned for you this Easter Sunday!! Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan are on stage now and will be playing till 8pm then Colm O'Brien takes over the stage at 9pm.
Cáisc Shona Daoibh (Happy Easter to all!!!)
Mr. Dooley's, Where the Craic is Always Mighty Especially on Easter Sunday!!!!, Wishing all our Friends a Very Happy Easter....We have one heck of a line up of Live Irish Music for you to keep you Smiling all weekend long!!! Tonight from 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan performs followed by Tommy & Alan starting at 9:30pm. Tomorrow the fun continues from 4-7pm the The Locals then Tommy & Alan return at 9:30pm. On Easter Sunday we will open at 12 noon for Brunch followed by Live Irish Music by Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan from 4-8pm then Colm O'Brien at 9pm!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, The Craic is Mighty Here This Easter Weekend!!!!!, Mr. Dooley's welcomes The World's Irish Dance Championships to Boston. While in town stop in for a Proper Pint of Guinness, Delicious Homemade Brunch, Lunch & Dinners and Boston's Best Live Music 7 Nights a Week!!!! Sure you never know who you'll meet at Dooley's......
Mr. Dooley's, Gauranteed Irish & Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!!, We have a Mighty night in Mr. Dooley's planned for you tonight!!!! Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell are on stage now then at 8:30pm stick around because The McTeggarts return to the stage to keep your weekend going in Mighty Spirits!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, sure where else would you get it................, Who's ready for another Mighty Weekend of Great Live Irish Music???? Mr. Dooley's is Boston's Home of Live Irish Music & Best Pint of Guinness!!! Tonight we have Eamon Sheehan performing from 5-9pm then Direct from Cork "Sunday's Well" take the stage at 9:30pm. Tomorrow join us for Brunch from 9am-4pm, followed by live music with "The McTeggarts" from 4-7pm, then "Sunday's Well" return to keep things going at 9:30pm. Sunday we host Brunch again from 9am-4pm, followed by live music with Patsy Whelan & Paul Kenny from 4-8pm, then starting at 9pm "The McTeggarts" return to finish out your weekend strong!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!!, Happy St. Patrick's Day to all our Facebook Friends!! 
Lá Fhéile Pádraig Sona Daoibh!!!
Mr. Dooley's has only the very Best lined up for you today. Boston's Best Live Irish Music begins at 12noon with the Legendary Patsy Whelan & Martin McEntee all the way from Dublin. Then at 4pm direct from Cork Eamon Sheehan joins the lads to see us through to the wee hours!! Stop in and raise a Pint to a Toast with us St. Paddy's in proper style!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home of Irish Music and Where the Criac is Always Mighty!!!!, Great line up of Live Irish Music today!!! Kicking things off are The McTeggarts from 12-4pm then Tommy & Alan take the stage from 4-8pm. Tonight the fun continues at 9:30pm with the return of DEVRI!! Tomorrow The Music starts again at 12noon with Patsy Whelan & Martin McEntee followed by Eamon & Patsy from 4pm till close....
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home for Proper Live Irish Music!!!!, Who's ready for Boston's Best St. Paddy's Weekend Party??? You know Mr. Dooley''s only had the Very Best in Live Irish Music for you!!! Big Thank you to Celtic Thunder & Keith Harkin along with Colm O'Brien last night for an amazing concert!! Tonight Eamon Sheehan performs from 5-9pm followed by DEVRI at 9:30pm. Tomorrow we open for Breakfast & Beer at 9am!! Live Irish Music all day....12-4pm The McTeggarts, 4-8pm Tommy & Alan then at 9:30pm DEVRI with special guests The Boston Police Gaelic Column of Pipes & Drums!!! Sunday St. Paddy's Day...We open at 9am for Breakfast!! Live Irish Music by Patsy Whelan & Martin McEntee from 12-4pm then from 4pm-Close it's Eamon Sheehan & Patsy Whelan!!! Now that's IRISH MUSIC!!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home of Live Irish Music and sure you know the Craic is Always Mighty here!!!!!, Ok Facebook Friends....it's crunch time on today's voting. Need some reasons to vote for us?? Ok Well we are nominated in the Live Music Catagory...Here's who are playing in Mr. Dooley's this week: Tonight Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell, Wednesday The Locals, Thursday Colm O'Brien followed by Celtic Thunder's Keith Harkin's followed by The Martin McEntee Duo, Firday Eamon Sheehan followed by DEVRI, Saturday The McTeggarts followed by Tommy & Alan followed by DEVRI, Sunday Patsy & Martin followed by Eamon & Patsy!!! Oh not to mention the Boston Police & Boston Fire Dpt Pipe & Drum Bands.....Thats just this week!!!!!!
 Please vote for Mr. Dooley's....We love being your Favorite Irish Pub!!!!!
 Please vote for us at http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/special/irish_pubs_bracket/, Hey there Facebook Friends.....Mr. Dooley's needs your help!!! Boston.com is doing a competition to determine Boston's Best Irish Pub. Well we were nominated and we need to you vote for us!!! The thing is we need to you log on and vote everyday this week because everyday we will be up against a different pub if we make it through!!!Want to help us??? Here is the link: http://www.boston.com/thingstodo/special/irish_pubs_bracket/
 Please vote early and vote often.....(you can vote more than once!!)
 Mr. Dooley's, We are Boston's Irish Pub!!!!, Who's ready for a Mighty Weekend?? It's a Snowy one...Mr. Dooley's is Boston's Coziest Pub...Come warm up with us!!! Tonight from 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan followed by The Dave Foley Band at 9:30pm. Tomorrow 12-4pm Dave Foley, 4-8pm The McTeggarts then 9:30pm-Close Patsy & Mark. Sunday 4-8pm Patsy & Eamon followed by The Locals from 8:30pm-late...
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziest Irish Pub & The Home of Proper Irish Music!!!!, Who has the Wednesday Winter Blues????  Mr. Dooley's has the cure. Live Irish Music tonight by Tommy & Alan!!! Delicious Dinner Specials & Hot Mulled Wine....Denis will be Pouring you the Perfect Pint behind the Bar & Leah will be making sure your glasses are full and dinner is prepared perfect at the tables!!
Mr. Dooley's, yer only man for the cure of the Wednesday Winter Blues!!!!, Tonight at Mr. Dooley's....Enjoy the Musical Stylings of Mr. Dave Foley starting at 8pm. Bill will be Pouring you the Perfect Pint of Guinness and Jolene will be making sure you glass is always full and dinner is prepared perfectly!! 
Mr. Dooley's, Sure it's where the Craic is on a Monday Night!!!, Happy Sunday Funday!!! Have you had a Proper Pint of Guinness today??? Either way your in luck....We are pouring the Perfect Pint of Guinness all night here at Mr. Dooley's!! Terry Nixon will be behind the Bar keeping that smile on your face. We have live music by Patsy & Eamon till 8pm followed by Tommy & Alan at 8:30pm. 
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Proper Irish Pub with a Great Pint!!!, March is Guinness Month and Boston's Best Pint of Guinness is served at Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern!!! Fergal the Offical Guinness Brewmaster pictured below LOVES our Pints!!!! We have a mighty weekend of Live Irish Music to get you in the mood for St. Paddy's Practice mode!! Tonight 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan performs followed by Patsy Whelan & Paul Kenny. Tomorrow join the Murphy's Stout Pub Crawl stopping through Mr. Dooley's all day....Music by Ronan Quinn & Matt Glover from 5-8pm followed by Mark Purcell & Paul Kenny from 9:30pm-close. Sunday we host Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan from 4-8pm followed by Tommy & Alan from 9:30pm-Close. Don't forget Boston's Best Irish Brunch every Saturday & Sunday from 9am-4pm!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, we are Boston's Proper Irish Pub!!!!, Got the Wednesday Winter Blues??? Mr. Dooley's has the cure!!! We have live music by Patsy Whelan & Martin McEntee tonight from 8pm till late....Denis & Leah will be pouring you the Perfect Pint of Guinness tonight. Hungry?? Try one of our Dinner Specials...Baked Stuffed Haddock (Fresh Local Haddock stuffed with Lobster, Shrimp & Scallop Seafood Stuffing then baked to perfection in our famous Whitehaven Sauvignon Blanc Wine, Fresh Squeezed Lemon & Kerry Gold Irish Butter Sauce served with HomemadeMashed Potato & Fresh Garden Vegetables.) 
Mr. Dooley's, your local cure for the Wednesday Winter Blues!!!!, It's official folks..... 80 Tickets for Keith Harkin live at Mr. Dooley's on March 14th are now on sale on Mr. Dooley's website...(http://www.somerspubs.com/mr-dooleys/boston-events-and-promotions.html). Tickets are only $25.00 and are for General Admission (standing room, no reserved seating). This is an age 21+ event. Tickets will be released to the general public tomorrow via Keith's website but are available know to our loyal facebook friends on Mr. Dooley's website. Tickets may also be purchased by cash through the pub if you wish to come in. Good Luck and we look forward to seeing you and Keith on March 14th!!!, It's Tuesday Boozeday and Mr. Dooley's is Boston's Official Sponser of tonight's Big Party!! We will have live Irish Muisc by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell starting at 8:30pm. Terry Nixon will be pouring you the Perfect Pint tonight. We have some Delcious Dinner Specials and check out our Homamde Hot Mulled Wine!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Sure you never know who you'll meet here for a pint!!!!, Happy President's Day Everyone....Ok now that's out of the way. Today marks one month till St. Paddy's Day!!! Are you ready??? Come down and get some practice at Mr. Dooley's tonight. We have live music by Dave Foley starting at 8pm. Kenny & Bill will be pouring you the Perfect Pint of Guinness tonight oh and of course the Craic will be Mighty!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Irish Pub!!!!, So we thought we would let our FaceBook friends in on a little secret....Keith Harkins from Celtic Thunder will perform an intimate concert with his band at Mr. Dooley's on March 14th!!! This will be age 21+ ticketed event. More information regarding ticket availablity and ticket prices will be announced on February 27th!!! We just thought you might want to save the date. This concert will be offically announced next week, just letting our FaceBook friends know now. We will also release tickets to our Facebook friends 1 day before they go on sale to the general public!!!! 
Mr. Dooley's, Sure we love Live Irish Music!!!!, Mr. Dooley's is Hosting Boston's Official Irish Sunday Funday Today!!! Boston's Best Irish Brunch being served till 4pm. Live Irish music by Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan from 4-8pm followed by The McTeggarts at 9pm.....It's President's Day Weekend....No work & no school tomorrow!!! Time to come down to Mr. Dooley's for a bit of craic. The snow is almost over but the fun is just getting started!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziest Irish Pub & Where the Craic is Always Mighty Especially on Holiday Weekends!!!!!, Who's ready for Boston's Best Irish Weekend??? Mr. Dooley's has got one hell of line up for you!!! Tonight Eamon Sheehan plays from 5-9pm followed by the people's choice....The McTeggarts at 9:30pm-Close. Saturdays join us for Brunch from 9am-4pm, then Ronan Quinn & Matt Glover take the stage from 5-8pm followed by The Auld Locals from 9:30pm-Close. Sunday we host Boston's Best Irish Brunch again from 9am-4pm, followed by live music by Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan from 4-8pm. At 9pm get ready to celebrate our "President's Day" Party with The McTeggarts who will entertain you till the early hours!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Best Irish Weekend and Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!!, Ladies....looking for the perfect Valentines Gift for your fella???? Look no further!! They want a Perfectly Poured Pint of Guinness from Mr. Dooley's....and you're in luck!! We are pouring perfect pints tonight and have live music by The Dave Foley Band so bring your dancing shoes!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziest Irish Pub and Best Pint of Guinness..., Happy Valantines Day!! Mr. Dooley's is the place to be tonight!! We are hosting a Rock n' Roll Valentines Night Party with live music by The Dave Foley Band!!! Bring your dancing shoes and your valantine for a night of FUN!!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziest & Most Romantic Irish Pub!!!!, We have The Locals performing tonight starting at 8pm. Come down for a few pints and a bit a of craic....it's good for ya!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziets Irish Pub & Best Pint of Guinnness!!!, It's Lovely Night for a Guinness!!! We have live music by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell from 8pm-late. Bartender Extrodinaire Terry Nixon will be pouring you the perfect pint tonight!!! Come out for a bit of craic before we get some more snow tomorrow!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziest Irish Pub and Best Pint of Guinness!!!, It's the perfect night for a Pint!! Come down for a bit of Craic tonight at Mr. Dooley's. Live Music by Dave Foley starting at 8pm. 
Mr. Dooley's, a Proper Pint of Guinness is as Good as it Gets!!!, Cabin Fever Anyone??? Anyone Hungry??? Mr. Dooley's has been open since 9am and the craic is mighty in here today. We are serving our famous Irish Brunch till 4pm. Live music by Martin McIntee & Friends from 4-8pm followed by Colm O'Brien at 8:30pm. Come say "hi" to Becca on the Bar and Liaoscha looking after the tables!! We had one great weekend in here at Mr. Dooley's and we saved some of the "Best Craic" for Sunday Funday.....Come down and join us for a Pint, a Chat and a few laughs!!!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziest Irish Pub!!!, The Craic is Mighty in Mr. Dooley's today!! It's only going to get better as we have Sunday's Well performing live tonight starting at 9:30pm. The Hot Mulled Wine is flying out today. We have our full dinner menu available now until 10pm. The roads are back open so grab a cab and come down to your favorite Irish Pub, you'll be glad you did!! Don't forget we are open at 9am tomorrow for Boston's Best Irish Brunch!!! 
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziest Irish Pub...oh and we are always open!!, We are open!!!! It took some time to dig out, we had some help (Big THANK YOU to our friends at The Hilton Financial). We are working on a limited but great menu today. Kitchen is open and bar is fully stocked. Come say Hi to Kenny looking after the Bar, Laioscha looking after the tables and George & John Fitz in the Kitchen!! We found Nemo this monring and he dumped about 22 inches of snow in front of Mr. Dooley's. Come down and see us today for a Proper Pint of Guinness or warm up with our Hot Mulled Wine!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziest Irish Pub that Never Closes!!!!!, One of our favorite regulars took this photo about an hour ago.....Mr. Dooley's is open tonight. Our kitchen is serving a full menu till 10pm and the pub will stay open till 2am! We will open again tomorrow at 12 noon. It's the perfect night for a Hot Mulled Wine.... 
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziest Irish Pub, Boston's Coziest Irish Pub is open!!! Change of plans regarding the Live Music tonight....Martin McIntee will be performing live from 2pm-5pm today. We had to cancel the live music by Eamon Sheehan and Sunday's Well later due to driving bans. However, Mr. Dooley's will remain open and the craic will be mighty!!!! 
Mr. Dooley's, Snow Storms are some to the best times here!!!!!, Mr. Dooley's is open and will stay open during the Blizzard!! The boys in the kitchen made up a special blizzard Homemade Chicken, Vegetable & Pasta Soup and it's delicious!!! Kitchen open till 10pm tonight. Live Irish music by Eamon Sheehan starting at 5pm followed by Sunday's Well at 9pm tonight. We will be making a new Fresh Batch of Hot Mulled Wine today....how about our Famous Hot Irish Toddy???
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziest Irish Pub and the Best Place to Ride out the Blizzard of 2013!!!, Mr Dooley's is hosting Boston's Official "Finding Nemo" Snow Storm Party Tonight!! Live music by The Dave Foley Band starting at 8pm. No Work or School tomorrow!! Come down and a have Properly Poured Pint of Guinness or warm up with our famous Mulled Wine.....
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziest Irish Pub!!!, Mr. Dooley's is hosting Boston's Official Snow Day Party Tonight!!! No work or school tomorrow!! Come out tonight and have some fun...it's official you are getting an extra weekend night this week!! We have your favorite party band...The Dave Foley Band performing tonight from 8pm till late. Mr Dooley's never closes during snow storms, in fact it's the best place to be during one...after all we were named Boston's Coziest Irish Pub!!! Tomorrow our kitchen will be open till 10pm!! We will have live music by Eamon Sheehan from 5-9pm and then Sunday's Well from 9:30pm till close.
Mr. Dooley's, Where the Craic is Always Mighty especially during Snow Storms!!!, We know the Craic is Mighty at Mr. Dooley's....it's great to see others think so too!!
Stop by tonight and see for yourself...Dave Foley will be performing live from 8pm-late. It's the Perfect Night for a Properly Poured Pint of Guinness......., Who's Hungry for a Delicious Lunch at your Favorite Irish Pub??? Check out our Hot Smoked Limerick Ham & KerryGold Irish Whiskey Cheddar Sandwich.....topped with Fresh Garden Tomato & Lakeshore Irish Whiskey Whole Grain Mustard and served with your choice of Homemade Coleslaw, Fresh Garden Salad or French Fries!! Feeling lucky today??? Be the first person to come in to Mr. Dooley's today wearing anything from our Merchandise line (a Mr. Dooley's Boston wearable!!) and win a $25.00 Gift Card on the spot!!! Will you be today's winner???
 Mr. Dooley's, Sure we love the Craic!!!!!, Spot anything out of place??? Many regulars have requested this and we are listening. We think we have come up with a good compromise!!! For one night only, we have installed one flatscreen TV in the original TV corner of Mr. Dooley's to show the Super Bowl tonight. We did not advertise this, only letting our friends and regulars know (don't worry the TV will be taken down as soon as the game is over!!). Tonight we will have live music with Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan leading up to the big game from 4-8pm, then Tommy & Alan will be playing and entertaining in between the big plays, during half time and indeed for a post game party!!! Finally you can watch the Super Bowl, Listen to Boston's Best Live Irish Music, Eat our Famous Jameson Irish Whiskey BBQ Wings all while enjoying a Properly Poured Pint of Guinness...and where can you do all this??  
Answer: Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern!!
Come in early to secure your perfect viewing spot!!, Ok folks....it's Thirsty Thursday!!! We have the perfect band on tonight to get you out moving and shaking!! The Dave Foley Band take the stage around 8pm and will be playing all your favorite Johnny Cash & Rockabilly Songs!! It's 50's/60's Night at Mr. Dooley's tonight!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's #1 Nightlife Attraction accoring to Tripadvisor, come see why!!!, Tripadvisor has listed Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern the #1 Attraction in their Nightlife catagory of places to go in Boston!!!!! Thank you to all who reviewed us and helped us get this prestigious placement!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziest Irish Pub and Where the Craic is Always Mighty...., A Snowy Night in Boston....Come warm up in Boston's Coziest Pub. We just put on another Fresh Hot Batch of Mulled Wine to warm you up!!! Dave Foley will be entertaining you this evening from 8:30pm till late. Kenny will be pouring your drinks ton ight and keeping you in Great Spirits!!! 
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziest Irish Pub and a Great Spot to Watch the Snow Fall!!!!, It's a comfort food type of day....Mr. Dooley's just made a Fresh Large Pot of Homemade Tomato Bisque! Pairs perfect with our Ham, Cheese & Tomato Toastie. Stop down for lunch today for some "feel good" food.
 Mr. Dooley's, sure leave the cookin to us!!!, It's Dinner Time at Mr. Dooley's and we have some Delicious Specials for you tonight!! Like this one...Our Baked Stuffed Haddock with Homemade Parsley Sauce: (Today’s Day Boat Catch….Fresh Haddock stuffed with Lobster, Shrimp & Scallop Seafood Stuffing then baked to perfection and topped with our Homemade Parsley Sauce, served with Homemade Mashed Potato & Fresh Garden Vegetables.)
We have live music by Patsy & Martin till 8pm then at 9pm Ronan Quinn & Matt Glover take the stage. 
Mr. Dooley's, Come down for a Pint & a Chat and sure leave the Cookin to us!!!!, Boston's Coziest Irish Pub is making sure you stay warm and toasty tonight!!! We just made a Fresh Hot Batch of Traditonal Hot Mulled Wine....It's Delicious!!! Come down tonight and join us for a Hot Cup and stay for the music of the Dave Foley Band starting at 8:30pm....
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Best Solution for a Cold Winter's Night!!!, We made an extra pot of Homemade Irish Beef Stew today.....It's a cold out there today, come in and warm up with our Steaming Hot Homemade Irish Beef Stew...Ireland's answer to comfort food!!! You know what??? Let's do another giveaway today....the FIRST person to come in today Thursday Jan 24th before 4pm and order our Homemade Irish Beef Stew then say to your Server or Bartender "I want to win the Winter Warmer Giveaway" will win a Mr. Dooley's Limited Edition Scarf!!!!
Mr. Dooley's, we know how to keep you warm on days like this!!!!, Today is the Perfect Hot Homemade Cup of Soup Day.....We just finished making our Famous Chicken, Pasta & Vegetable Soup and it's Delicious served with our Hot Irish Brown Bread & KerryGold Butter!!! Stop by for Lunch and try a cup, make it a meal with our Sandwich Special: Smoked Limerick Ham & KerryGold Whiskey Cheddar Sandwich served toasted!!! 
Mr. Dooley's, Homemade Irish Cookin' at it's Finest!!!!, Baby it's Cold Outside!!!!! Mr. Dooley's wants to help keep you warm.... We tought it would be fun to do a giveaway today to help you stay warm. With that in mind, here's your challange. The first person to come into Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern before 6pm today, Tuesday Jan 22nd and order our Famous Irish Sampler (the ultimate comfort food for this weather) then say to your server or bartender "I want to win Mr. Dooley's Winter Warmer Giveaway" will recieve one of our Limited Edition Mr. Dooley's Sweatshirts!! (pictured below) 
That's a $45.00 Value!!!, Snow is on the way....Come into Boston's Coziest Irish Pub for a Hot Toddy tonight!!! We have live music by Dave Foley starting at 8pm. Delicious Dinner Specials and two of Boston's Best Staff working tonight....Billy Cox is on the Bar and Pauline is looking after the tables tonight!!!!
Mr. Dooley's, A Cozy Pub & Great Craic...what more would you want?!?!?, Well let's focus on the possitive today!! The Bruins are back and we are celebrating with our Famous Boston Bruins Burger...Prime Angus Steak Burger topped with an Organic Fried Egg, Vermont Cheddar Cheese, Applewood Bacon, Fresh Lettuce & Tomato and of course Pickles!! This amazing burger pairs perfect with a Properly Poured Pint of Guinness. So come down to your favorite Irish Pub today for some Positively Delicious Burgers & Pints.... Don't miss Dave Foley playing live tonight starting at 8pm!!!
Mr. Dooley's, we love to see you smile!!!!, MrDooley's Boston

 
Mr. Dooley's was given the challange to come up with the Best Live Irish Music weekend, and guess what? We pulled it off...Check this out!!! Tonight from 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan performs followed by Everyone's Favorite...DEVRI at 9:30pm. Tomorrow we have "The Locals" performing from 4-7pm followed by Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan at 9:30pm. Sunday we changed things up due to the Patriots....We have Colm O'Brien performing from 2pm-6pm then starting at 9:30pm as the game comes to end, come out and celebrate with "The McTeggarts"!!! Don't forget we open for Boston's Best Irish Brunch every Saturday & Sunday 9am-4pm!!!!, It's a Homemade Soup kind of day!!!! We have you covered at Mr. Dooley's. Come in and try our Homemade Turkey, Vegetable & Rice Soup. It's Delicious, Hearty and the Perfect Comfort Food on a Day like Today......Pairs perfect with our Warm Irish Brown Bread and KerryGold Butter. 
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home for Proper Homemade Irish Cookin!!!!, BREAKING NEWS!!!! Mr. Dooley's just had our Television Consultant in doing a Diagnostic for Signal Reception in order to show The Super Bowl if the Patriots Win this Sunday.....The Result.....It's GOOD!!! So it's Official.....if the Patriots make it to the Super Bowl this year, Mr. Dooley's will be hosting the Very 1st Super Bowl Party as a fundraiser for "Cops for Kids with Cancer"!!! We will be announcing details after Sunday's AFC Championship Game so not to jinx anything. Oh, and not to worry the TV's will show up just before the game and then be taken away forever right after the game......after all, we are still Mr. Dooley's!!!!, Got the Wednesday Winter Blues??? We have the perfect cure....Mr. Dooley's Famous Homemade Irish Shepherd's Pie & Warm Irish Brown Bread. The Ultimate Irish Comfort Food. Both are in the oven now waiting for you to stop by!!! Join us for lunch today or perhaps dinner after work....pairs perfect with a Properly Poured Pint of Guinness or Hot Toddy!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home for Homemade Irish Cooking!!!, Wait.....It's Tuesday Boozeday!!! The perfect day for Mr. Dooley's Homemade Irish Beef Stew and a Perfectly Poured Pint of Guinness....Now what are you waiting for?? Well, what if we told you we have Boston's Best Live Irish Music tonight with Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell starting around 8pm!! Yup...thats right, like you needed another reason to come down to your favorite Irish Pub.
Mr. Dooley's, we're lookin forward to havin a pint with ya!!!!, Mr. Dooley's Proudly Announces our Plan to Beat The Winter Blues!!!! This weekend we are hosting some of the Best Irish Musicians direct from Ireland for some Good Old Fashion Craic!!! Come dowm to Mr. Dooley's this evening and let us help you turn that frown upside down.....Live music by Eamon Sheehan from 5-9pm followed by Sunday's Well from 9:30pm-Close. Kenny & Terry will be Pouring Boston's Proper Pint of Guinness all night long and the Murphy's Stout Steak & Mushroom Pies are already in the oven!!! Tomorrow join us again from 4-7pm for music by Tommy & Alan. Stick around because Sunday's Well take the stage again from 9:30pm-Close. Did you know we served a Delicious Brunch every Saturday & Sunday from 9am-4pm??? Sunday we have even more amazing music with Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcel from 4-8pm followed by Colm O'Brien at 9pm.....
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Best Irish Pub with the Best Cure for the Winter Blues!!!!!, Breaking News: "Are you ready for some football???" If the New England Patriots continue there success and make it to the Super Bowl.....Mr. Dooley's will be hosting our Very First Super Bowl Party!!! That's right...for one night only we will be bringing in TV's to show the game, don't worry the TV's will be dissapearing as soon as the game is over!!!!. This will be a Charity Ticketed Event.....Watch this space for more details over the next few weeks. This will be a once in a lifetime night for a great cause....Don't miss out on it!!!!! Go Patriots!!!!, Got The Wednesday Winter Blues???? We have just the solution to turn your week around....Tonight we thought we would celebrate like it was St. Patrick's Day (in January)...some celebrate Christmas in July so why not???? "The Locals" will be performing all your favorite Irish Songs starting at 8:30pm. We will be serving our Famous Tradional Corned Beef & Cabbage Dinner along with many other Delicious Irish Entrees!! The Guinness is flowing now so get a jump start and leave work early before word gets out that the Best Party in Town tonight is at Mr. Dooley's!!!!
appy St. Patricks Day...in January!!!!!, It's a Lazy Sunday Funday.....Why not stop into Mr. Dooley's for a Proper Irish Breakfast being served till 4pm!!!! Stick around because from 4pm-8pm we have Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan taking the stage to entertain you followed by Tommy & Alan at 9pm. So stop down for a pint and a chat, see some old friends and meet one or two new ones!!!
Mr. Dooley's, we are an Irish Pub!!!!, We have a mighty weekend full of Amazing Live Irish Music for you here at Mr. Dooley's....tonight 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan Performs followed by Patsy Whelan & Martin McIntee at 9:30pm. On Saturday we have The McTeggarts taking the stage from 4-7pm followed by Patay Whelan & Park Purcell at 9:30pm. It doesn't stop there...Sunday from 4-8pm we have Patsy & Eamon followed by Tommy & Allan at 9pm....Brunch this weekend anyone??? Mr. Dooley's has Boston's Best Brunch every Saturday & Sunday from 9am-4pm.....Haven't had it yet??? 
You're missing out!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Gaurenteed Irish & Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!!, "But Baby it's Cold Outside..." Come into Mr. Dooley's and warm up with our Famous Micky Finn's Hot Irish Apple Toddy......You'll be Glad you did!!!! We have live music tonight with The Locals......Kenny McGuigian will be Pouring the Perfect Pint Tonight so don't miss out. Mr. Dooley's, yer only man on a cold winter's night!!!, Whos ready to get out of the cold and come in and warm up at Mr Dooleys for some fun??? Still in Holiday Mode? Ready for the weekend?? We have the perfect night planned for you at Mr. Dooley's!!! Tonight we have The Locals playing their first gig of the new year starting at 8:30pm!! Come say Hi to Kenny on the Bar who will be making Boston's Best Hot Irish Toddy's.....
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Best Cure for the Cold!!!!!, Got the Back to Work Blues??? Stop by Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern for Lunch today and let us help you Cheer Up!! Mention you seen this Posting on Facebook and receive 13% off your lunch from 11:30am-4pm today Jan 3rd in honor of 2013!!! Warm up with Boston's Best Comfort Food...Mr. Dooley's Homemade Irish Beef Stew or try any of our Specials of the Day. Can't make it out for Lunch? Stop by after work for a Pint & a Chat. Live music tonight by Tommy & Alan from 8:30pm-Late!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziest Pub & Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!, Only 16 tickets left!!! Do you have yours yet??? Don't miss Boston's Best NYE Party featuring The Dave Foley Band!!! Call us right now at 617-338-5656 or log onto www.somerspubs.com to secure the last few tickets. This will be a night to remember!!! Happy New Year to all our Facebook Friends!!!, Have you made plans for tomorrow night yet??? NYE 2013!!! Mr. Dooley's has a handful of tickets left for Boston's Best NYE Bash!! Tickets are only $35.00 and include Live Music by The Dave Foley Band, Champagne Toast, Passed Hor'dourves, Party Hats & Streamers, Cash Bar and LOTS of FUN!!!!! Kenny and Bill will be on the Bar!!! Oh what a Night!!! For tickets call 617-338-5656, log on to www.somerspubs.com, or stop into Mr. Dooley's at 77 Broad Street. Don't miss the Best Party in Town Tomorrow Night..........., What are You doing on New Years Eve?????
Did you Get your New Year's Eve Tickets Yet??? We still have some available either online at www.somerspubs.com, by calling 617-338-5656 or stoping into Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern at 77 Broad Street ......in Boston!! Tickets are only $35.00 and include Live Music by America's #1 Johnny Cash Cover Band...The Dave Foley Band, Champagne Toast at midnight, Passed Hor'dourves, Party Hats, Streamers and a Cash Bar!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Best NYE Party!!!!!See MoreSee More, What are You doing on New Years Eve?????
Did you Get your New Year's Eve Tickets Yet??? We still have some available either online at www.somerspubs.com, by calling 617-338-5656 or stoping into Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern at 77 Broad Street ...in Boston!! Tickets are only $35.00 and include Live Music by America's #1 Johnny Cash Cover Band...The Dave Foley Band, Champagne Toast at midnight, Passed Hor'dourves, Party Hats, Streamers and a Cash Bar!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Best NYE Party!!!!!See More, The Stockings are Hung by the Bar with Care...with Hopes that St. Nick will soon be here!! Mr. Dooley's is Boston's Coziest Pub to be in on Christmas Eve. Stop in for a few pints and sing a few Christmas Songs with us. Dave Foley will be performing his entire Christmas Album from 2pm-6pm this afternoon....
Mr. Dooley's wishes all our friends a Very Happy Christmas!! Nollaig Shona Duit!!!, Join us on tomorrow Christmas Eve from 2pm-6pm for music by Dave Foley. Dave will be getting us in the Christmas Spirit singing all your favorite Christmas Songs!!! Come join us for lunch tomorrow and stick around for a few pints, see some old friends and meet some new ones!!! 
Mr. Dooley's, a tradition on Christmas Eve!!!, We survived the "End of the World" and are hosting a Party to Celebrate!!! Join us Tonight starting at 5pm as Eamon Sheehan performs followed by DEVRI at 9:30pm. Terry & Kenny will be on the Bar pouring you a Perfect Pint!!! 
Mr Dooley's, Boston's Best Pub to Celebrate The End of The World!!!!, According to Mayan Calanders the end of the world happens tomorrow. We at Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern feel it is our duty to throw the Best Party Possible to end in style!! So with that in mind we chose to bring you the Best of Everything...Boston's Best Party Bands!!! Tonight we have The Dave Foley Band playing from 8:30PM-late. Tomorrow we have Eamon Sheehan performing from 5-9pm followed by DEVRI at 9:30pm. Just in case them Myan Lads have it wrong we have DEVRI (Declan Houton) back again on Saturday night again at 9:30pm-Close. We will keep the Party going straight through on Sunday with Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan playing from 4-8pm followed by Colm O'Brien at 9pm!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Any Excuse to Throw a Brilliant Party!!!, Still looking for that perfect Christmas Present or Stocking Stuffer???? Look no further.... Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern is having it's first ever 20% off Merchandise Only Sale Today Only. Items on sale include Men & Lady's T-Shirts, Sweatshirts, Hoddies, Jackets, Hats, Scarves, Golf Shirts, Baby Bibs and Chistmas Stockings!!! Stop into Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern and save on Great Gift Ideas from your favorite Irish Pub!!!!, What are You doing on New Years Eve?????
Did you Get your New Year's Eve Tickets Yet??? We still have some available either online at www.somerspubs.com, by calling 617-338-5656 or stoping into Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern at 77 Broad Street in Boston!! Tickets are only $35.00 and include Live Music by America's #1 Johnny Cash Cover Band...The Dave Foley Band, Champagne Toast at midnight, Passed Hor'dourves, Party Hats, Streamers and a Cash Bar!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Best NYE Party!!!!!, Breaking News: Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern was proud to find out today that we won the "Tommy McGann Irish Pub Award" for Best Irish Pub in Boston from The 2012 Nightlife Awards. Thank you all who voted for us. It is truely our honor to be recognized for this award and we thank you for it., We would like to thank everyone invovled in making this year's Mr. Dooley's Old Fashion Irish Christmas Celebration in aid of The Boston Children's Hospital an Amazaingly Sucuccessful Event!! A very special thank you to all the musicians Patsy (Patty Whelan), Mark Purcell, DEVRI (Declan Houton), Pauline Wells, The Locals, The McTeggarts, Colm O'Brien and other talented guest musicians! Also a special thank you to the staff for you endless hard work. A Special thank to you all those who attended and gave of their time and gifts to the Children's Hospital. This was a very emotional weekend for many and to come together in aid of the children at The Boston Children's Hospital was very appreciative and special as we morn the loss of the victims in Newtown, CT. 
Wishing you and all your loved ones a Very Happy Christmas and a Peaceful New Year!!!, What are You doing on New Years Eve?????
Did you Get your New Year's Eve Tickets Yet??? We still have some available either online at www.somerspubs.com, by calling 617-338-5656 or stoping into Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern at 77 Broad Street in Boston!! Tickets are only $35.00 and i
 nclude Live Music by America's #1 Johnny Cash Cover Band...The Dave Foley Band, Champagne Toast at midnight, Passed Hor'dourves, Party Hats, Streamers and a Cash Bar!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Best NYE Party!!!!!, Did you Get your New Year's Eve Tickets Yet??? We still have some available either online at www.somerspubs.com, by calling 617-338-5656 or stoping into Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern at 77 Broad Street in Boston!! Tickets are only $35.00 and include Live Music by America's #1 Johnny Cash Cover Band...The Dave Foley Band, Champagne Toast at midnight, Passed Hor'dourves, Party Hats, Streamers and a Cash Bar!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Best NYE Party!!!!!, Who's ready for our Old Fashion Irish Christmas Celebration this Saturday!!! Bring an Un Wrapped Toy or make a donation for The Boston Children's Hospital. Santa will be stopping by around 3:30pm. Traditional Irish Christmas Dinner will be served along with Irish Christmas Crackers, Irish Christmas Cake & Biscutts and Irish Chocolate Selection Boxes!!! Live Irish & Christmas Music all day & night hosted by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell with over 30 + Guest Msuicians joing them!!! Fund kicks off at 2pm...
 Mr. Dooley's, The Best Irish Christmas Party this side of the Atlantic!!!!, Mr Dooley's Boston Tavern will be closed from 3:30pm-9pm today for a Private Holiday Party. We will re-open at 9pm for dinner and music by Mark Purcell. Sorry for any inconvience and we look forward to seeing you tonight at 9pm!!!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Best Holiday Party Pub!!!, Happy Dec 12, 2012!!!! In honor of this special day mention you seen this posting on Facebook and recieve 12% off your Lunch today only!!! Valid from 12 noon till 3pm today December 12, 2012., What are you doing this New Year's Eve?? The answer is simple......Going to Mr. Dooley's NYE 2013 Bash featuring The Dave Foley Band!!! Tcikets are only $35.00 and go on sale next week!!! Doors open at 7pm and include: Champagne Toast, Passed Hor'doreves, Party Hats & Streamers, Cash Bar along with Boston's Best Live Party Band....The Dave Foley Band!!! Get your tickets today as this event always sells out!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Best NYE 2013 Party!!!!, THIS SATURDAY.......Mr. Dooley's Annual Old Fashion Irish Christmas is on Saturday December 15th starting at 2pm. Music by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell plus over 30 Guest Musicians throughout the day & night!! Bring and Un-Wrapped Toy or Make a Donation for The Boston Children's Hospital. Irish Christmas Dinner Specials, Christmas Crakers & Selection Boxes, Irish Christmas Cake & Puddings.....Santa will be making a Visit around 3:30pm!! A Great Day for the Family and to catch up with Some Old Friends and a Chance to Make Some New Ones!!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Yer Only Man for a Proper Irish Christmas Bash!!!!!, Looking for some fun tonight??? We have Sunday's Well performing at Mr. Dooley's from 9:30pm till close. Come down and have a Pint with Billy Cox & Kenny McGuggian on the Bar. Delicious Dinner Specials and Check out out New Holiday Wine & Cocktail List!!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Where the Craic is Always Mighty....Especially at Christmas Time!!!, NEXT SATURDAY.......Mr. Dooley's Annual Old Fashion Irish Christmas is on Saturday December 15th starting at 2pm. Music by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell plus over 30 Guest Musicians throughout the day & night!! Bring and Un-Wrapped Toy or Make a Donation for The Boston Children's Hospital. Irish Christmas Dinner Specials, Christmas Crakers & Selection Boxes, Irish Christmas Cake & Puddings.....Santa will be making a Visit around 3:30pm!! A Great Day for the Family and to catch up with Some Old Friends and a Chance to Make Some New Ones!!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Yer Only Man for a Proper Irish Christmas Bash!!!!!, Put on your dancing shoes....Tonight we have The Dave Foleys Band from 8:30pm-Late. Delicious Dinner Specials and a New Special Holiday Wine & Cocktail List. Don't miss a mighty night at Mr. Dooley's!!!!, Wednesday Night at Mr. Dooley's....We have Mark Purcell performing live tonight from 8pm till late. Check out our Delicious Dinner Specials including...Irish Chicken Chasseur Dinner (New England Farm Chicken Breast prepared with Fresh Garden Tomato, Onions, Mushrooms & Peppers. Oven Baked in Our Own Irish Chasseur Sauce, served with Homemade Mashed Potatoes & Fresh Garden Vegetables.) The perfect comfort Dinner for a Cold New England Night!!! Pairs perfect with a Glass of Roblar Pino Noir. Change things up tonight and head down to see us for a Mighty Night of Fun and Great Music!!!, "I Wish It Could Be Christmas Everyday...." Mr. Dooley's Annual Old Fashion Irish Christmas is on Saturday December 15th starting at 2pm. Music by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell plus over 30 Guest Musicians throughout the day & night!! Bring and Un-Wrapped Toy or Make a Donation for The Boston Children's Hospital. Irish Christmas Dinner Specials, Christmas Crakers & Selection Boxes, Irish Christmas Cake & Puddings.....Santa will be making a Visit around 3:30pm!! A Great Day for the Family and to catch up with Some Old Friends and a Chance to Make Some New Ones!!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Yer Only Man for a Proper Irish Christmas Bash!!!!!, We have another Mighty Weekend of Music planned for you at Mr. Dooley's!!! Tonight join us as Eamon Sheehan performs from 5-9pm followed by The McTeggarts from 9:30pm-close. Tomorrow offer Boston's Best Irish Brunch from 9am-4pm, then from 4-7pm Hughie & Ger take the stage followed by The McTeggarts from 9:30pm-Close. We do it all over again on Sunday with Brunch from 9am-4pm, then 4-8pm Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell perform followed by The McTeggarts again from 9pm-close. 
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home for Irish Music & Proper Pints!!!!, Just in time for the Holidays and your Holiday Gatherings at Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern.....We are proud to annouce our new Holiday Wine List!!! We have selected some of the Best Varietals from around the World and Pouring them at some Exceptional Values!!!! 
Mr. Dooley always says..."Treating Someone to a Glass of Wine is Better than a Handshake Hello!!!!", "But Baby it's Cold Outside..." Come into Mr. Dooley's and warm up with our Famous Micky Finn's Hot Irish Apple Toddy......You'll be Glad you did!!!! We have live music tonight with Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell......
Terry Nixon will be Pouring the Perfect Pint Tonight so don't miss out.
 Mr. Dooley's, yer only man on a cold winter's night!!!, What are you doing this New Year's Eve?? The answer is simple......
 Going to Mr. Dooley's NYE 2013 Bash featuring The Dave Foley Band!!! Tcikets are only $35.00 and go on sale next week!!! Doors open at 7pm and include: Champagne Toast, Passed Hor'doreves, Party Hats & Streamers, Cash Bar along with Boston's Best Live Party Band....The Dave Foley Band!!! 
Get your tickets next week as this event always sells out!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Best NYE 2013 Party!!!!, Mighty weekend so far in Mr. Dooley's thanks to DEVRI, The Locals and Hughie & Ger. The Fun continues today with Patsy Wheal & Eamon Sheehan who are on Stage now....then at 9pm stick around as The McTeggarts finish out your weekend in Great Style!!! Delicious Dinner Specials and your Favorite Bartender Terry Nixon will be Pouring the Perfect Pint Tonight!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home for Proper Irish Music & Great Pints!!!, We have a Mighty Weekend planned for you here at Mr. Dooley's!!! Tonight 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan takes the stage followed by everyone's favorite...DEVRI at 9:30pm!! Tomorrow we have Brunch from 9am-4pm, then from 4-7pm Hughie & Ger takt the stage followed by DEVRI at 9:30pm! It's starts again on Sunday with Brunch from 9am-4pm, then 4-8pm Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell Sing & Play all your favorite tunes then to cap it off we have The McTeggarts on stage at 9pm!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home for Proper Irish Music & Mighty Craic!!!!!!, Who's ready for a Fun Thanksgiving Eve Party?? Mr. Dooley's is the place to be...The house is rockin already!!! Starting at 8pm we have "The Locals" performing. Kenny & Kat will be on the Bar pouring you the Perfect Pint!! Looking for fun this weekend??? We have you covered there too!!! DEVRI will be here both Friday & Saturday Night!! Also playing this weekend....Patsy Whelan, Mark Purcell, Eamon Sheehan, Hugie & Ger & The McTeggarts!!!! Now that's what we call a Great Weekend!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home for Proper Irish Music & Great Craic!!!!!, "It's that time of Year".....Mr. Dooley's is decorated for the Holidays!!!! Come down for a Pint & a Chat and see how cozy Mr. Dooley's is this time of year. Live music by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell starting at 8pm tonight. Don't miss 'The Locals" tomorrow night for our Thanksgiving Eve Party and of course DEVRI all weekend long!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Coziest Pub during the Holidays!!!!, Mr. Dooley's has your Thanksgiving Party Weekend Sorted!! Kicking off on Wednesday with "The Locals" starting at 8pm. On Friday we have Eamon Sheehan from 5-9pm then DEVRI at 9:30pm. On Saturday from 4-7pm Hughie & Ger take the Stage followed by DEVRI at 9:30pm. Then to round out your weekend join us Sunday from 4-8pm for Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcel followed by The McTeggarts at 9pm!!
 Now that's what we call a Mighty Holiday Weekend!!!!, Mr Dooley's is the place to be this afternoon!!! Brunch being served till 4pm. Live music by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell from 4-8pm followed by Colm O'Brien from 9pm till Late. Billy Cox is on the Bar till 6pm, then Yerry Nixon takes over the Pints. Some spend Sunday as it was ment to be....with Great Craic at Mr. Dooley's!!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home for Proper Irish Music & Great Pints!!!, Mr. Dooley's is the place to be this evening!!! Colm O'Brien is on Stage now and playing to a Full House!!! Sunday's Well take over the stage at 9:30pm for another night of Great Craic!!! Stop by for a Pint & a Chat....
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home for Proper Irish Music and a Great Pint!!!, Mr. Dooley's says...."Tonight's the Perfect Night for a Mickey Finn Hot Irish Apple Toddy" . Come in and dry off & warm up with a Delisious Hot Irish Apple Toddy Tonight! Stick around because at 8pm we have Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell here to entertain you all night!!! Your favorite bartender....Terry Nixon will be Pouring your The Perfect Pint of Guinness tonight so stop by and say "Hi"....., What are you doing Thanksgiving Weekend? We have Boston's Best Irish Music Party PLanned for you. Starting Wednesday Thanksgiving Eve with "The Locals" performing 8pm-Late. Then Friday, Saturday & Sunday we have a major Line up of Boston's Best Live Irish Music begining on Friday with Eamon Sheehan from 5-9pm folowed by DEVRI from 9:30pm-Close. Then Saturday, 4-7pm Hughie & Ger perform followe dagain by DEVRI at 9:30pm. Sunday we continue the Party with Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell from 4-8pm followed by The McTeggarts at 9pm to finish out your weekend!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Best for Thanksgiving Weekend!!!!, Mr. Dooley's would like to take a minute Thank all of our Country's Veteran's & Active Millitary. You sacrifice everything for us and we Thank You wholeheartedly! As a token for our appreciation, All US Veterans & Active US Millitary eat for free at Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern this Sunday, Veteran's Day. Just show us your Veterian's or Millitary ID and Brunch, Lunch or Dinner is on us this Sunday!!!!
Mr. Dooley's, We Proudly Support Our Troups!!!!, Mr. Dooley's has a Mighty Weekend of Fun lined up for you this Weekend!!! Tonight from 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan performs followed by Patsy & Eamon from 9:30pm-Close. Saturday we have Brunch from 9am-4pm, then from 4-7pm Ronan Quinn & Matt Glover take the stage followed by Patsy & Martin from 9:30pm-Close. We do it all over again on Sunday with Brunch from 9am-4pm followed by music with Patsy & Mark from 4-8pm then Hughie & Ger at 9pm. Now that's what we call a Proper Irish Music Weekend!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Gauranteed Irish & Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!!, Who's Ready for Some Election Night Fun??? Mr. Dooley's is hosting the Best Election Night Party in Boston with Live Music by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell.... Your Favorite Bartender, Terry Nixon will be Pouring your The Perfect Pint!! Get out and Vote and Get Ready to Party Mr. Dooley's Style Tonight!!!!!, Today is Election Day!!! Did you Vote? Early votes are in that include our Lunch Trade and The President Obama Burger is jumping ahead by 16 Burger Votes!!! Our Kitchen (Polling Station) is open till 10pm...Come down and Vote for your tastiest candidate!!! Mr. Dooley's Presidential Burger Poll has been featured on CNN & Newsweek and has successfully predicted the President in the last Three Presidential Elections!! Come down to Mr. Dooley's and Vote Tonight!!! The Burger (President) that wins will be placed full time on our Fall/Winter Menu. Change the course of History and Vote Early & Often TODAY!!!!!, Who's ready for a Proper Sunday Funday for a Great Cause???? Come down to Mr. Dooley's today for a "FUN"draiser for The Mother Caroline Academy starting at 2pm. Lots of Prizes & Giveaways....Great Live Irish Music by DEVRI, Pauline Wells, Katie McD and Patsy & Martin.....Today's a Great Day to come down to Boston's Coziest Irish Pub and Help support a Great Cause!!!, Who's ready for a Great Weekend of Music??? Mr. Dooley' has some of the Best Live Irish Music in Boston this Weekend. Tonight from 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan performs, then from 9:30pm-Late Tommy & Alan take the stage. Tomorrow from 4-7pm The McTeggarts will keep you in Great Spirits followed by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell at 9:30pm. We have The Best Sunday Funday in Boston this weekend. We open at 9am for Brunch, then starting at 2pm we are hosting a Fundraiser for The Mother Caroline Acadamy with music by DEVRI, Katie D followed by Patsy & Martin until 8pm then at Colm O'Brien takes the stage at 9pm. Come say "Hi" to our new Sunday Day Bartender Becca, who will make you the BEST Bloody Mary in Boston!!!!, Come down to Mr. Dooley's this Sunday for some Fun for a Great Cause. Live Music by Katie D, Patsy & Martin, DEVRI and several other Guest Musicians. Lots of Prizes & Giveaways....Don't miss out on this Amazing Event...Fun starts at 2pm!!!, Happy Halloween Face Book Friends....Mr. Dooley's has a Great Night planned for you tonight.....Live Music by Mark Purcell starting at 8:30pm. Kenny will be on the Bar pouring you the Perfect Pint!! Try our Halloween Special Cocktails, Stop by and Trick or Treat as we have Candy Treats waiting for you!!! Feel like dressing up??? Stop in tonight wearing a costume and the Best Costume will receive a Pair of Celtics Tickets!!! Say Hello to Seamus on your way in......
 Mr. Dooley's, Yer Only Man for Halloween Night!!!!, Who's ready to get out tonight for some fun?? We have the Best Live Music in Boston tonight!!! Starting at 8:30pm we have Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcell. These guys are one of the best duo's in America!!! No Cover just Great Craic!! Terry Nixon will be pouring you the Perfect Pint tonight and Leah Fox will looking after the tables. Sure come down for the one....it's good for ya!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home of Proper Irish Music!!!, Mr Dooley's Celebrating Sandy with our Stormy Sandy Hurricane Party....We are open!! Come down and have a pint with us....kitchen is open with a limited menu.
Mr. Dooley's, Where the Craic is Always Mighty Especially in Stormy Weather!!!!, Mr. Dooley's is hosting "Stormy Sandy Sunday Funday".....no work or school tomorrow!!! Come join us for a Few Pints, Some Songs and Great Criac!!! Your Favorite Bartender....Terry Nixon will be pouring your pints tonight. Live music by Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan from 4pm-8pm followed by The McTeggarts doing their tribute to "Sandy" from 9pm-late. Delicious Dinner Specials include Fresh Maine Lobster Mac & Cheese, Smoked Imported Limerick Ham Dinner, Homemade Corned Beef & Cabbage and Alsakan Salmon Scampi.....
 Where do you go for the Best Craic in Town???? The answer my friend is blowing in the wind.....MR DOOLEYS BOSTON TAVERN for "Stormy Sandy Sunday Funday", Who's Hungover and in need of a Proper Irish Breakfast??? We are serving Brunch till 4pm today. We have a Brilliant Sunday Funday planned for you....4pm-8pm Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan perform then at 9pm The McTeggarts take the stage. We have our new Autumn Cocktail List available and some delicious Lunch & Dinner Specials...Try our Smoked Imported Limerick Ham Dinner!!!
Come on down and spend the day with us....Hurricane Sandy will make sure you have tomorrow off work!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Making your Sunday a Proper Funday!!!!!, Tonight at Mr. Dooley's we welcome back Alan Loughnane & Tommy Courtney!!! Alan has been out with an injury for over six months and we are delighted to have him back making some of Boston's Best Irish Music tonight from 9:30pm-Close. Tomorrow stop in from 4-7pm to her The McTeggarts then from 9:30pm-Close we have The Ronan Quinn Band hosting our first Halloween Costume Party!! How about Sunday Brunch?? We served it from 9am-4pm then Patsy & Eamon take the stage from 4-8pm followed by The McTeggarts!!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Sure Where Else Would You Get This Mighty Craic!!!!!, Breaking News: The Obama Burger is taking a comanding lead in Mr. Dooley's Presidential Burger Poll. Currently The Obama Burger is out selling The Romney Burger by 63 burgers!!!!!! Have you voted for your favorite Presidential Burger yet?? Finally a Presidential Poll that will leave a Great Taste in your mouth!!!! 
Mr. Dooley's Beefocracy 2012......Vote Early & Vote Often!!!!, One of tonight's delicious dinner specials....
Smoked Limerick Ham Dinner $17
(Smoked Imported Irish Limerick Ham prepared with Sage & Onion Stuffing and topped with our Award Winning Irish Whiskey Whole Grain Mustard and Magners Cider Sauce and served with Fresh Garden Vegetables and Homemade Mashed Potato)
Mr. Dooley's, sure we are always cookin up something!!!!, Have you Voted in our Presidential Burger Poll? Come down to Mr. Dooley's and try our Obama & Romney Burgers, then vote for your favorite. Mr. Dooley's Presidential Burger Poll has Successfully Predicted the last Three Presidents!!!! Cast your vote today and change the course of History!!!!
Mr. Dooley's, sure we are always cookin up something!!!!, Big Weekend planned at Mr. Dooley's this weekend.....Tonight 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan, 9:30pm-Close Sunday's Well. Saturday we open for Brunch 9am-4pm then 4-7pm Hughie & Ger followed by Sunday's Well from 9:30pm-Close. Sunday Brunch from 9am-4pm, then 4-8pm Patsy & Eamon followed by Colm O'Brien from 9pm-late.
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home for Proper Irish Music & Where the Criac is Always Mighty!!!, Who's ready for some Mid Week Fun??? Time to blow off some steem!!!! Tonight at Mr. Dooley's we welcome Mark Purcell to our stage for some amazing live music. Fun starts at 8:30pm and goes till late.....Have you voted for your Favorite Presidential Burger yet??? Obama is leading by 6 burgers since last nights debate and well today's Lunch trade....
 Mr. Dooley's, We know how to have fun!!!!!, It's Tuesday Boozeday....and Mr. Dooley's is today's official sponsor of Great Craic!!! Live Irish Music tonight by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcel starting at 8pm (ish). Your favorite Bartender, Terry Nixon will be Pouring You the Perfect Pint of Guinness!! Come down and vote for your favorite Presidential Burger rather than watching the debate, this will be a lot more fun, GAURENTEED!!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home for Great Craic, Proper Pints and Good Old Fashion Shenanigans!!!!, We have a Big Afternoon and Night planned at Mr. Dooley's today!!! Stop by as we host the First Annual Cryil Kilderry Memorial, a fundraiser for "Cops for Kids with Cancer"....Amazing Live Music from 3:30pm-7:30pm with The McTeggarts followed by Dave Foley from 8pm-Late (Don't forget to wish Dave a Very Happy 50th Birthday!!!). Donations of any kind graciously accepted, Great Raffle Prizes and Cash Bar....Don't miss out on a Might Monday for a Great Cause!!!
 Mr Dooley Always Says..."Even Giving a Little Goes a Long Way", Have you casted your vote in Mr. Dooley's Presidential Burger Poll? 
Vote Early & Vote Often.....Finally you can cast a Vote that will leave a Great Taste in your Mouth!!! Mr. Dooley's Presidential Burger Poll has Predicted the last three Presidents and has been seen on CNN & Newsweek!!!! Come into today and order your favorite burger and help elect your favorite candidate.
 
Obama Burger
 (8oz Prime Black Angus Sirloin Burger flame grilled to your liking and topped with Applewood Bacon, Fresh Farm Fried Organic Egg, Aged Vermont Cheddar Cheese, Fresh Garden Lettuce & Tomato and served with your choice of 

French Fries, Homemade Coleslaw or Fresh Garden Salad.)
 
Romney Burger
 (8oz Prime Black Angus Sirloin Burger flame grilled to your liking and topped with 
Caramelized Onions, Garden Mushrooms, Chipolte Sauce, KerryGold Irish Whiskey Cheddar Cheese, Fresh Garden Lettuce & Tomato and served with your choice of French Fries, Homemade Coleslaw or Fresh Garden Salad.)
 
Mr. Dooley's, Sure We are Always Cookin Up Something!!!, Who's Hungry??? Try our Full Irish Breakfast, being served till 4pm!!!, Mr. Dooley's Always Says..."If there is ever any confusion, the fuller beer is always yours!!!".....Come down for a few Proper Pints this afternoon for your Official Sunday Funday. Live Irish Music by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purcel from 4-8pm followed by Ronan Quinn & Matt Glover from 9pm-late. It's a bit of a Dirty Day out there, stop by and turn your day around in Boston's Coziest Irish Pub.
Mr. Dooley's, Where the Craic is Always Mighty and Yer Only Man for a Proper Pint!!, Don't miss the 1st Memorial Cyril Kilderry Golf Tournament this coming Monday at Wayland Country Club. Contact Frankie at 857-829-4341 for more information and sponsorship opportunities!!!, Mr. Dooley's is keeping you on your toes tonight.....Stop by to dance to the tunes of The Dave Foley Band doing a special rare apperance on a Tuesday night with everyone's favorite bartenter, Mr. Terry Nixon!!!! The craic will be mighty tonight!!, This Weekend.....DEVRI!!! Tonight from 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan performs followed by everyone's favorite DEVRI from 9:30pm-close. Tomorrow we open at 9am for Brunch then from 4-7pm T"The Locals" perform followed by DEVRI again at 9:30pm. Sunday we open again at 9am for Brunch then music by Patsy Whelan & Maxi Courtney from 4-8pm followed by The McTeggarts at 9pm. Now that's what we call a packed line up of Amazing Live Irish Music!!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!!, Happy Arthur's Day!!!! Come celebrate with a Properly Poured Pint of Guinness!!! The party kicks off at 8:30pm with the music of The Dave Foley Band. Don't miss out on the fun....
Mr. Dooley's, Boston's Home of The Proper Pint of Guinness...., Who's ready for a Wicked Wasted Wednesday??? Mr. Dooley's has you covered for all you need to have some fun.....starting at 8:30pm we have the Max Courtney Band. Check out our delicious Dinner Specials and our Cocktail Special....Autumn Apple!!! Come say "Hello" to Denison the Bar & Leah on the Floor.
 Mr. Dooley's, Yer only man for a Bit of Craic on a Wednesday!!!!!, One of Today's Lunch & Dinner Specials....
Fresh Boston Cod Florentine
(Today’s Fresh Local Catch….Fresh Boston Cod baked to perfection in Whitehaven Sauvignon Blanc Wine, Fresh Squeezed Lemon, Kerry Gold Irish Butter Sauce then topped with Buffalo Mozzarella Cheese, Sautéed Spinach & Garden Onions served with a Cool, Crisp, Fresh Caesar Salad with Croutons and Parmesan cheese)
Mr. Dooley's, sure we are always cookin up something!!!, One of Today's Lunch Specials....
Chicken Cordon Blu Sandwich only $12
(Tender New England Farm Chicken Breast dipped in seasoned bread crumbs, lightly baked topped with Black Forest Ham and Imported Swiss Cheese,and served on a French Bulkie Roll with your choice of French Fries, Homemade Coleslaw or 
Fresh Garden Salad)
Mr. Dooley's, we are always cookin up something!!!!, Holy Moley....Tonight at Mr. Dooley's we have Mr. Dave Foley!!!! Stop by for a few drinks with Kenny & Pauline tonight and have some fun with the sounds of Dave Foley from 8pm till late.
 Mr. Dooley's, Yer only man for a bit of Craic on a Monday Night!!!!!, Today we have the Best Sunday Funday planned out for you.....Boston's Best Live Irish Music starting from 4pm-8pm!!  Join Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan as they welcome Mr. Convey from The Royal Irish Showband to the stage this afternoon as a guest musician with many other surprise gusets!!! Paddy Reilly was in Mr. Dooley's last night and we hope to welcome him back to join his friends this afternoon. Stick around because staring at 9pm we have Hughie & Ger taking the stage. 
Mr. Dooley's, We love Live Irish Music ....and it Shows!!!!, We have a Great Line Up of Music this Weekend!!! Tonight from 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan performs, don't miss the Boston Fire Brigade Pipe Band from 6-7pm, then later Tommy Courtney and Friends take the stage from 9:30pm-close. Saturday from 4-7pm Hugie & Ger will be entertaining you, then at 9:30pm The Mark Purcell Band takes The Stage. We start all over again on Sunday from 4-8pm with Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan followed by the return of Hughie & Ger at 9pm!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Bringin you only the Very Best in Live Music....., One of Today's Delicious Lunch & Dinner Specials....
Murphy's Stout Steak & Mushroom Pie
(Prime Aged Black Angus Sirloin Steak baked with Fresh Garden Mushrooms and Onions in our Homemade Murphy’s Stout Gravy topped with Pie Crust & Homemade Mashed Potato, served with Irish Brown Bread & KerryGold Butter.)
Mr. Dooley's, Sure We Are Always Cookin Up Something!!!!, One of Today's Lunch Specials: 
Fresh Maine Lobster Mac & Cheese $16 
(1/2lb of Fresh Maine Lobster prepared in our Savory, Homemade Macaroni and Cheese topped with seasoned Breadcrumbs and baked to a golden perfection, served with a Fresh Garden Salad with Organic Raspberry Vinaigrette and Irish Brown Bread.)
Mr. Dooley's, sure we are always cooking something up!!!!!, Who's up for a Sunday Funday??? We have a great line up of fun for you today. Kicking off at 4pm we have the World Famous Patsy Whelan with Maxi Courtney. They will be playing till 8pm then at 9pm we welcome back "The Locals"!!! This music will be mighty. Your favorite bartender, Terry Nixon will be pouring you the Perfect Pint tonight so why not join in on the fun!!!
Mr. Dooley's, where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!!, Who's ready for some Post Holiday Weekend Fun??? Tonight we have that Famous Duo...Patsy Whelan & Maxi Courtney performing from 8:30pm till late. Your Favorite Bartender Terry Nixon will be pouring you the Perfect Pint of Guinness, so what are you waiting for?? 
Mr. Dooley's, yer only man to cheer you up from the Post Holiday Weekend Blues!!!, It's A Holiday Monday Funday.....Mr Dooleys will be in full swing tonight with Dave Foley performing at 8pm. Come down and have a pint with Kenny...sure go on, it's good for you and sure it's a holiday!, Breakfast is ready!!! Who's Hungry? We have a Super Holiday Sunday Funday planned for ye....Irish Brunch served till 4pm, then from 4-8pm we have the world famous Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan performing then stick around for "The Locals" to keep the fun going from 9pm till late. Now that's some Criac!!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Sure Where Else Would You Get It??!!??!!, Who's ready for a Great Holiday Weekend??? We have an amazing line up of music and fun in store for you here at Mr Dooleys!!! Tonight 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan performs then at 9:30pm Tommy Courtney & Friends take over the stage for more Great Irish Music. Tomorrow we open for Brunch at 9am-4pm, from 4-7pm we have Ronan Quinn & Matt Glover followed by The Mark Purcell Band at 9:30PM. Sunday we do it all over again....Brunch 9am-4pm, then from 4-8pm Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan perform...the fun continues at 9pm with "The Locals" to round out your Labor Day Weekend Fun....Don't forget Monday we have Dave Foley back in again at 8:30pm playing all night.
Mr. Dooley's, Sure where else would you get it????, It's Thirsty Thursday and Holy Moley Tonight we Have The Dave Foley Band!!!
Playing all your favorite Johnny Cash & Rockabilly tunes...
Fun starts at 8 don't be late...
Mr Dooley's, Bringing you only the Very Best in Live Music Seven Nights a Week!!!!, Here's one of Today's Lunch Specials....
New England Turkey & Avocado Flatbread Sandwich $13
(Fresh oven Roasted New England Farm Turkey Breast topped with Avocado, Smoked Applewood Bacon and Chipotle Mayo served on Toasted Flatbread with Crisp Lettuce & Garden Tomato with your choice of French Fries, Fresh Garden Salad or Homemade Coleslaw)
Mr. Dooley's, Alwasy Cookin up Something!!!!, Dinner is ready!!! One of Tonight's Specials:
Murphy's Stout Steak & Mushroom Pie $17
(Prime Aged Black Angus Sirloin Steak baked with Fresh Garden Mushrooms and Onions in our Homemade Murphy’s Stout Gravy topped with Pie Crust & Homemade Mashed Potato, served with Irish Brown Bread & KerryGold Butter.)
 Stop in For Dinner and Stay for a Pint and Great Craic, We have Live Irish Music tonight by Patsy & Maxi!!!, Who's ready for an Amazing Weekend of Great Live Music??  Tonight we have Eamon Sheehan from 5-9pm followed by Patsy Whelan & Maxi Courtney at 9:30pm. Tomorrow join us for Brunch from 9am-4pm then music by The McTeggarts from 4-7pm followed by The Mark Purcell Band at 9:30pm. Sunday we start the fun all over again with Brunch from 9am-4pm, then from 4-8pm Patsy Whelan is back with Maxi followed by The McTeggarts at 9pm. 
Mr. Dooley's, sure the craic is Always Mighty Here!!!!, Who's ready for an Amazing Weekend of Great Live Music??  Tonight we have Eamon Sheehan from 5-9pm followed by Patsy Whelan & Maxi Courtney at 9:30pm. Tomorrow join us for Brunch from 9am-4pm then music by The McTeggarts from 4-7pm followed by The Mark Purcell Band at 9:30pm. Sunday we start the fun all over again with Brunch from 9am-4pm, then from 4-8pm Patsy Whelan is back with Maxi followed by The McTeggarts at 9pm. 
Mr. Dooley's, sure the craic is Always Mighty Here!!!!, Who's ready for a Fun Time Thirsty Thursday??? 
We have everyone's favorite, The Dave Foley Band performing live tonight starting at 8:30pm. No Cover just Great Fun!!!!, There is Nothing worse than Thirsty Pint Drinker.....Come on down to Mr Dooley's today for a Properly Poured Ice Cold Pint of Guinness....The Guinness is Flowing and the Craic is Mighty......Who's for a Pint????, Who's ready for a Mighty Weekend of Live Irish Music?? Tonight from 5-9pm we have Eamon Sheehan followed by Sunday's Well at 9:30pm. Tomorrow at 9:30pm Sunday's Well returns for more Fun!!! Then on Sunday from 4-8pm Eamon Sheehan & Matt Glover Keeps the party going followed by Ronan Quinn & Friends at 9pm.
Mr. Dooley's, Bringing you only the very Best in Live Irish Music!!!, It's Cocktails and Dreams here at Mr. Dooley's!!!! 
Refreshing Cocktail Anyone???
Try our Limeade Fizz only $8.00
(Limeade Vodka, Pink Lemonade Vodka, Fresh Homemade Lemonade & Soda Water topped with a Fresh Cut Lime)
Mr. Dooley's, Sure We're Feirce Swanky Altogether!!!!, null, Changes in Latitude & Changes in Attitude!!!! 
Today is the Perfect Day for our Skinny Pina Colada only $8.00
(Malibu Coconut Rum, Fresh Pinaeapple Juice & Soda Water over Rocks in a Tall Glass)
Mr. Dooley's, Bringing you a Taste of The Islands and not just The Arran Islands!!!, Who's Hungry??? It's Lunch time at Mr. Dooley's and we have our famous Lobster Roll on Special today only $15!!!
(3/4 lb of Fresh Maine Lobster prepared in a Mayonnaise, Cut Celery and Chopped Scallions mix with Fresh Lettuce & Juicy Tomato, served in a Fresh Crusty French roll with your choice of French Fries, Homemade Coleslaw or Fresh Garden Salad)
Mr. Dooley's, sure we are always cookin up something!!!!, Breakfast is ready...who's hungry??? Mr. Dooley's is serving up the most Delicious Irish Breakfast Brunch till 4pm as we do every Saturday & Sunday. Treat yourself today to a Proper Irish Breakfast. We have the whole day planned out for you
as well with Live Irish Music by Patsy & Maxi from 4-8pm then stick around for dinner followed by music by Colm O'Brien starting at 9pm. 
Now that's what I call a Brilliant Sunday Funday!!
Mr. Dooley's, Gauranteed Irish & and sure yer only man for a Good Fry Up & Proper Irish Music!!!!, Back by Popular Demand.....Neptune Haddock....$19
(Today’s Fresh Catch…Fresh Icelandic Haddock prepared with Steamed Cape Cod Clams, Smoked Irish Bacon & Fresh Garden Tomatoes in a White Haven Sauvignon Blanc and Pan Juice Sauce served on a small bed of Fresh Linguine)
Mr. Dooley's, Cooking up Great Dishes and Pouring Proper Pints!!!!, It's Sunday Funday...Who's Thirsty?? We have a huge selection of Breakfast Cocktails to get you going today.....
Try our World Famous Bloody Mary made with your choice of Vodka (We suggest Crop Organic Cucumber Vodka or Stoli Hot Pepper), Our Homemade Bloody Mary Mix, Blue Cheese Stuffed Olives, Fresh Atlantic Shrimp, Garden Celery, Lemon & Lime!!!
Feel like some Bubbly?? We have lots of Mimossa's to choose from too!!
Mr. Dooley's, Yer only man for a Proper Drink!!!!, Who's Hungry??? One of tonight's dinner specials....
Homemade Murphy's Stout Pub Steak & Mushroom Pie $17
(Prime Aged USDA Prime Black Angus Steak baked with Fresh Garden Mushrooms and Onions in our Homemade Murphy's Stout Gravy topped with Pie Crust & Homemade Mashed Potato, served with Irish Brown Bread, KerryGold Butter, Fresh Garden Salad with Organic Raspberry Dressing.), New Menu Item!!!! KerryGold Irish Cheese Board only $14
(Selection of Irish Gourmet Cheese: KerryGold Cashell Blue Cheese, KerryGold Irish Whiskey Cheddar Cheese, KerryGold "Vintage" Aged Cheedar Cheese & Cahill Ardagh Port Wine Cheese served with a selection of Crackers, Irish Brown Bread, French Baguette with KerryGold Butter & Fresh Fruit.)

Mr. Dooley's, yer only man to bring you the Very Best from Ireland!!!!, Who's Thirsty?? Cool off with our new "Caribbean Cooler" 
Made with Van Gogh Melon Vodka, Ruby Red Grapefruit Schnapps, Grapefruit Juice, Homemade Lemonade with a dash of Soda Water.....Soooooo Refreshing!!!!

Mr. Dooley's, Where the Drinks are Delicious & the Craic is Mighty!!!, It's Lobster time!!!! One of Today's Lunch Specials: 
Fresh Maine Lobster Roll Only $15
(1/2lb of Fresh Maine Lobster prepared in our Mayonnaise, Fresh Cut Celery & Chopped Scallion Mix with Fresh Lettuce & Tomato served on a Freshly Baked French Roll with your choice of French Fries, Homemade Coleslaw or Fresh Garden Salad.)
Mr. Dooley's, Sure we are always Cooking up Something!!!!!, Who's Hungry??? One of Today's Lunch Specials....
Maine Lobster Mac & Cheese $15
(1/2lb of Fresh Maine Lobster prepared in our Savory, Homemade Macaroni and Cheese topped with seasoned Breadcrumbs and baked to a golden perfection, served with a Fresh Garden Salad with Organic Raspberry Vinaigrette and Irish Brown Bread with KerryGold Butter.)
Mr.Dooley's, sure we always have something cookin!!!!, We are bringing you a taste of the Islands today with our Baccardi Lime Shrimp Dish. Fresh Atlantic Shrimp marinated with Baccardi Rum & Fresh Squeezed Lime then Flame Grilled on Skewers and served over a Bed of Rice with Fresh Vegetables....
This is a Caribbean Islands Dish not an Arran Islands one...., Today's Oyster Delivery Just Arrived..... We got them again!!!
Fresh Cape Cod Brewster Oysters. These are Delicious and considered some of the Best Oysters in the World!!! We are serving then by the 1/2 dozen or individually. They come prepared over ice with three types of toppings.....Chandon Pink Champagne, Lakeshore Guinness Mustard or our one Homemade Cocktail Sauce. Come in and treat yourself today to the Best Oysters only a Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern....only $10 for 1/2 dozen or $1.75 each!!!! 
Goes perfect with Boston's Properly Poured Pint of Guinness....
Mr. Dooley's, Sure where else would you get it!!!!, Breakfast is ready...who's hungry??? Mr. Dooley's is serving up the most Delicious Irish Breakfast Brunch till 4pm as we do every Saturday & Sunday. Treat yourself today to a Proper Irish Breakfast. We have the whole day planned out for you as well with Live Irish Music by the World Famous Patsy Whelan & Eamons Sheehan from 4-8pm then stick around for dinner followed by music by The McTeggarts starting at 9pm. Now that's what I call a Brilliant Sunday Funday!!
Mr. Dooley's, Gauranteed Irish & and sure yer only man for a Good Fry Up & Proper Irish Music!!!!, Who's ready for a Mighty Weekend of Great Irish Music???? We got you covered here at Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern.....Tonight 5-9pm Eamon Sheehan, then at 9:30pm Everyone's Favorite...DEVRI take the stage. Saturday from 4-7pm The McTeggarts perform followed by DEVRI again at 9:30pm. Sunday from 4pm-8pm we have The World Famous Patsy Whelan & Eamon Sheehan and to round out your weekend we welcome back The McTeggarts at 9pm!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Gauranteed Irish and yer only Man for Proper Irish Music!!!!!, It's Steak Night at Mr. Dooley's and....OH Boy, 
we have a treat for you!!!!
Tonight we are featuring our Kerry Gold Blue Cheese USDA Prime NY Strip for only $26.00. We took one of the finest NY Strip Seaks and topped it with Carmalized Onions, Sauteed Mushrooms & then Crumbled Imported KerryGold Cashell Blue Cheese all over it, we coupled that with some Homemade Mashed Potatoes & Fresh Garden Vegetables......wait till you taste this!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Sure we're fierce swanky altogether............, We have a treat for you today!!!! Just Delivered!!! Fresh Cape Cod Brewster Oysters. These are Delicious and considered some of the Best Oysters in the World!!! We are serving then by the 1/2 dozen or individually. They come prepared over ice with three types of toppings.....Chandon Pink Champagne, Lakeshore Guinness Mustard or our one Homemade Cocktail Sauce. Come in and treat yourself today to the Best Oysters only a Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern....only $10 for 1/2 dozen or $1.75 each!!!! Goes perfect with Boston's Properly Poured Pint of Guinness....
 Mr. Dooley's, Sure where else would you get it!!!!, It's Lobster time at Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern....Today's Lunch Special: Fresh Maine Steamed Lobster only $12.00.... to much work? then try our Fresh Maine Lobster Roll or Fresh Maine Lobster Salad Plate for only $15.00. Our Blueberry & Peach Lemonade goes perfect with Lobster and is a great way to stay cool on Hot days like this!!!
 
Mr. Dooley's, Yer only man for Fresh Lobster & Cool Lemonade!!!, Who's ready for an Ice Cold Cocktail? Try our Refreshing Ice Cold Blueberry & Peach Lemonade made with Stoli Blueberry and Stoli Peach Vodka and our Homemade Lemonade....perfect for a day like today!
Mr. Dooley's, yer only man for and Ice Cold Drink on a day like this......, Don't Miss The Derry Airs performing for one night only in Mr Dooley's Boston Tavern tonight starting at 8:30pm....These lads are brilliant. They are Direct from Ireland kicking off their World Tour and will only be in Mr Dooley's tonight for one night!!
 No Cover...Just Great Craic!!!
 Tonight try our Cocktail Special...Blueberry & Peach Lemonade for only $8.00!!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Gauranteed Irish & Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!!, BREAKING NEWS:
We have a Special Treat for you this Evening!!! They played here in 2006 & 2008 and now again launching their World Tour, they are back for one show only in Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern ...Direct from Ireland we proudly present "The Derry Airs" performing tonight at 8:30pm. No Cover...Just Great Craic!!!!
 Don't miss "The Derry Airs" only in Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern tonight...One show only!!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, Gauranteed Irish & Where the Criac is Always Mighty!!!!, We still have some tickets left!!!!!!!
Call now....617-338-5656
What are you doing tomorrow afternoon??? It will be 90 degrees and clear!!!
 Don't miss the Boat!!! Mr Dooley's "Rockin the Harbor" Booze Cruise this Saturday July 7th. Cruise sails 2pm-5pm and The Dave Foley band will be performing all your favorite Johnny Cash & Rockabilly tunes. View the remaining Tall Ships and enjoy a beautiful day sailing around Boston Harbor rockin out to the Best Band Around!!! Tickets only $25.00...Limited availability!! Call 617-338-5656 for tickets. This is an age 21+ event. Proper id required to board. Always a Blast!!!!
 
Mr. Dooley's...The host of Boston's Best Booze Cruises!!!!, What are you doing tomorrow afternoon??? 
It will be 90 degrees and clear!!!
Don't miss the Boat!!! Mr Dooley's "Rockin the Harbor" Booze Cruise this Saturday July 7th. Cruise sails 2pm-5pm and The Dave Foley band will be performing all your favorite Johnny Cash & Rockabilly tunes. View the remaining Tall Ships and enjoy a beautiful day sailing around Boston Harbor rockin out to the Best Band Around!!! Tickets only $25.00...Limited availability!! 
Call 617-338-5656 for tickets. This is an age 21+ event. Proper id required to board. Always a Blast!!!!
Mr. Dooley's...The host of Boston's Best Booze Cruises!!!!, Happy 4th of July!!!!  What are you doing this Saturday Afternoon???
Don't miss the Boat!!! Mr Dooley's "Rockin the Harbor" Booze Cruise this Saturday July 7th. Cruise sails 2pm-5pm and The Dave Foley band will be performing all your favorite Johnny Cash & Rockabilly tunes. The weather will be clear and in the 80's!!! View the Tall Ships and enjoy a beautiful day sailing around Boston Harbor rockin out to the Best Band Around!!! Tickets only $25.00...Limited availability!! Call 617-338-5656 for tickets. This is an age 21+ event. Proper id required to board.
 Mr. Dooley's...The host of Boston's Best Booze Cruises!!!!, What are you doing this Holiday weekend???
 Don't miss the Boat!!! Mr Dooley's "Rockin the Harbor" Booze Cruise this Saturday July 7th. Cruise sails 2pm-5pm and The Dave Foley band will beperforming all your favorite Johnny Cash & Rockabilly tunes. The weather will be clear and in the 80's!!! View the Tall Ships and enjoy a beautiful day sailing around Boston Harbor rockin out to the Best Band Around!!! Tickets only $25.00...Limited availability!! Call 617-338-5656 for tickets. This is an age 21+ event. Proper id required to board.
 Mr. Dooley's...The host of Boston's Best Booze Cruises!!!!, Don't miss the Boat!!! Mr Dooley's "Rockin the Harbor" Booze Cruise next Saturday July 7th. Cruise sails 2pm-5pm and The Dave Foley band will beperforming all your favorite Johnny Cash & Rockabilly tunes. The weather will be clear and in the 80's!!! View the Tall Ships and enjoy a beautiful day sailing around Boston Harbor rockin out to the Best Band Around!!! Tickets only $25.00...Limited availability!! Call 617-338-5656 for tickets. This is an age 21+ event. Proper id required to board.
Mr. Dooley's...The host of Boston's Best Booze Cruises!!!!, Don't miss the Boat!!! Mr Dooley's "Rockin the Harbor" Booze Cruise next Saturday July 7th. Cruise sails 2pm-5pm and The Dave Foley band will beperforming all your favorite Johnny Cash & Rockabilly tunes. The weather will be clear and in the 80's!!! View the Tall Ships and enjoy a beautiful day sailing around Boston Harbor rockin out to the Best Band Around!!! Tickets only $25.00...Limited availability!! Call 617-338-5656 for tickets. This is an age 21+ event. Proper id required to board.
Mr. Dooley's...The host of Boston's Best Booze Cruises!!!!, Don't miss the Boat!!! Mr Dooley's "Rockin the Harbor" Booze Cruise next Saturday July 7th. Cruise sails 2pm-5pm and The Dave Foley band will beperforming all your favorite Johnny Cash & Rockabilly tunes. The weather will be clear and in the 80's!!! View the Tall Ships and enjoy a beautiful day sailing around Boston Harbor rockin out to the Best Band Around!!! Tickets only $25.00...Limited availability!! Call 617-338-5656 for tickets. This is an age 21+ event. Proper id required to board.
Mr. Dooley's...The host of Boston's Best Booze Cruises!!!!, Don't miss the Boat!!! Mr Dooley's "Rockin the Harbor" Booze Cruise next Saturday July 7th. Cruise sails 2pm-5pm and The Dave Foley band will beperforming all your favorite Johnny Cash & Rockabilly tunes. The weather will be clear and in the 80's!!! View the Tall Ships and enjoy a beautiful day sailing around Boston Harbor rockin out to the Best Band Around!!! Tickets only $25.00...Limited availability!! Call 617-338-5656 for tickets. This is an age 21+ event. Proper id required to board.
Mr. Dooley's...The host of Boston's Best Booze Cruises!!!!, It's Johnny Cash Night at Mr. Dooley's tonight!!! Direct from Atlantic City Mr. Dooley's Proudly Presents....The Ring of Fire Band with Special Guest Our Own Leah Fox!!! Concert starts at 9:30pm with only a $5.00 cover. Arrive early to avoid dissapointment! The weekend continues with music tomorrow by Hughie & Ger from 3-6pm followed by The Ronan Quinn Band at 9:30pm. Sunday stop in to hear Patsy & Maxi from 4-8pm followed by The McTeggarts at 9pm.
Mr. Dooley's, Bring you only the Very Best in Live Music all the time!!!!, This Friday Night only at Mr. Dooley's Boston Tavern ...Don't miss "The Ring of Fire Band" direct from Altantic City with Special Guest, our own Leah Fox!!!! Show starts at 9:30pm. Only at $5.00 door cover!!! Arrive early to avoid dissapointment.
 Mr. Dooley's, bring you only the very best in live music!!!!!, Exciting Stuff happening at Mr. Dooleys this month!!! This weekend we have our Famous Father's Day Weekend with DEVRI, June 28th we have Mickey Harte lauching his US Tour in Mr Dooley's, June 29th we are hosting The Ring of Fire Band from Atlantic City and our own Leah Fox will perform with them!!! Then Save the Date (July 7th) for our Mr. Dooley's "Rockin the Harbor" Booze Cruise!!! Tickets for the Booze Cruise on sale next week!! Only $25 the Best Place to Celebrate July 4th weekend and see all the Tall Ships!!!!!
 Mr. Dooley's, there is always something Fun Happening!!!!!, Its Father's Day Weekend and we have you covered at Mr. Dooley's!!! Tonight & Tomorrow night it's everyone's favorite....DEVRI playing from 9:30pm-Late. Sunday (Father's Day) we are serving our famous Irish Brunch from 9am-4pm followed by Live Irish Musc by Patsy Whelan & Mark Purchell. Diner served from 4pm-10pm. Stick around because Tommy & Friends take the stage at 9pm to finish out the night!!! Need a great Father's Day Gift? We have you covered for that as well....Check out our Mr. Dooley's Golf Shirts, T-Shirts, Hats, Jackets, Baseball Shirts, Golf Towels & Gym Bags. 
Mr. Dooley's, Gauranteed Irish & the only place your dad wants to spend Father's Day!, Finbar Furey Tickets on sale now!!! Only $20.....Sunday June 10th @ 8pm. Don't miss Finbar Furey as he kicks off his US Summer Tour in his ONLY BOSTON PERFROMANCE!!!!!!!
Call now at 617-338-5656 to get your tickets before we sell out. 

There will be no tickets available on the night of the show. 

Mr. Dooley's, Bringing you only the Very Best from Ireland!!!!, Ok we have had some time to rest from the busy weekend festivities.....now its time to get out and enjoy this lovely weather with a Proper Pint of Guinness!!  Tonight we have great live Irish music with Martin McIntee & Patsy Whelan starting at 8:30pm. Terry Nixon will be poring your drinks and keeping you smiling!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Gauranteed Irish and Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!!, Don't forget to Follow us on Twitter @MrDooleysBoston, Follow us on Twitter @MrDooleysBoston, It's "Do the Twist" Thursdays here at Mr. Dooley's. We have The Dave Foley Band playing all your favorite Johnny Cash & Rockabilly Songs all night starting at 8:30pm. Bring your dancing shoes.....Great Dinner Specials and Check out our Winter Warmer Cocktails...Red Breast Hot Toddy!!!!, Ready for the Weekend??? We got you covered for some Proper Irish Fun!!! Tonight from 5-8pm Eamon Sheehan performs then at 9:30pm Tommy & Alan take the Stage! Tomorrow we open for Brunch form 9am-4pm, from 4pm-7pm Ronan Quinn performs then at 9:30pm Tommy & Alan!!! We open back up again form Brunch on Sunday at 9am, then from 4-8pm we have Patsy Whelan & Max Courtney performing then The McTeggarts takes the stage at 9pm..Not a Bad Weekend!!! Mr. Dooley's, Guaranteed Irish and Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!, It's Thirsty Thursday get out of the rain and get your dancing shoes out because The Dave Foley Band is here tonight playing all your favorite Johnny Cash & Roackabilly Tunes from 8:30pm-Late. We have some great specials for you tonight Murphy's Stout Pub Steak & Mushroom Pie. Mr. Dooley's, Gauranteed Irish and sure ye know by now.....The Craic is Always Mighty Here!!!!, Today's Lunch Special Feature: The Bruins Burger!!! 
¼lb Prime USDA Hanger Steak Burger flame grilled to your liking and topped with Sizzeling Applewood Bacon, Fresh Farm Organic Fried Egg, Aged Cheddar Cheese, Fresh Garden Lettuce & Tomato and served with your choice of French Fries, Homemade Coleslaw or Fresh Garden Salad...only $14!! Come in before 4pm and tell us you seen this status update and recieve 50% off The Bruins Burger for your Lunch. Offer only valid Wednesday Jan 11, 2012 from 11:30am-4pm., It's "Do the Twist" Thursdays here at Mr. Dooley's. We have The Dave Foely Band playing all your favorite Johnny Cash & Rockabilly Songs all night starting at 8:30pm. Bring your dancing shoes.....Great Dinner Specials and Check out our Winter Warmer Cocktails...Red Breast Hot Toddy!!!!, What are you doing for New Years Eve? Why not join the Best Irish Party in Boston? We still have some tickets left (Not many!!!) for Mr. Dooley's NYE Bash with DEVRI. Tickets are only $30 and include live music starting at 8pm with DEVRI, Champagne Toast at Midnight, Passed Appetizers, Party Hats & Streamers, Cash Bar and of course Mighty Craic!!!! Purchase your tickets online @ www.somerspubs.com or call 617-338-5656 or stop into the pub at 77 Broad Street in Boston. We will sell out this week and tickets will not be available for sale on the night at the door so don't miss out!!!!
Mr. Dooley's, Gauranteed Irish and Where the Craic is Always Mighty Especially on NYE!!!!!!, It's Thirsty Thursday. Get your dancing shoes out because The Dave Foley Band is here tonight playing all your favorite Johnny Cash & Roackabilly Tunes from 8:30pm-Late. It's not to late to stop in and pick up some last minute Christmas Gifts, we have Great Mr. Dooley's Merchandise (T-Shirts, Hoodies, ect..) or perhaps the few remaining NYE Party tickets for a Stocking Stuffer!!!Tickets only $30 and include live Irish music by DEVRI, Passed Appetizers, Champagne Toast, Party Hats & Noise Makers & Cash Bar.....This NYE Party will sell out fast!!!!!, Happy Halloween!!! We have the perfect excuse for you to get out of the house and avoid all the trick or treaters & scary movies on the telly......Mr. Dave Foley will be performing tonight starting at 8pm playing all your favorite songs! Bill will be pouring your drinks and Leah will make sure your bellys are full...Come down and try one of our Halloween Cocktails or perhaps a Pumpkin Ale or two.
Mr. Dooley's, Where the Craic is Always Mighty and Boston's Best Pub with Live Music on Halloween!!!!, Who's ready for a Party???? Save the Date!!! November 6, 2011 we will be celebrating our Official 20th Anniversary!!! Special concert that evening by the World Famous Finbar Furey. Tickets now on Sale for only $20.00. This event is Sponsored by Murphy's Stout and we will have some amazing prizes to give away that night!!! We have very limited tickets available and this will be Finbar Furey's only Boston Concert. 
Mr. Dooley's, Guarenteed Irish and Where the Craic is Always Mighty 
even 20 years on!!!!, It's a Great Day for Ducks!!! Are you ready for the big event tonight? We have a Very Special Treat for you this evening.....Starting at 8pm we have the musical stylings of Mr.Dave Foley who will performing the opening act for Francie Conway this evening. Yes that's right folks....Francie Conway!!! Francie Conway will perform tonight at his only Boston concert right here at Mr. Dooley's. Francie ...is a true legend and rock star. ...He has shared the stage and collaborated with The Zombies, The Stones, David Bowie, U2, The Fureys, and Damien Dempsey just to name a few. Francie has just released his new Album and it is amazing. Come down for a great night of music, entertainment and some great stories on Wednesday and see a true legend. No cover charge just great fun!! 
Mr. Dooley's, Guarenteed Irish and Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!, We are starting off the week with fun this evening with music by Dave Foley starting at 8pm. Kenny will be pouring your drinks tonight and Pauline will make sure your well fed!!! Don't forget about this Wednesday.... Francie Conway will perform at his only Boston concert right here at Mr. Dooley's. Francie is a true legend and rock star. He has shared the stage and collaborate with The Zombies, Da...vid Bowie, U2, The Fureys, and Damien Dempsey just to name a few. Francie has just released his new Album and it is amazing. Come down for a great night of music, entertainment and some great stories on Wednesday and see a true legend. No cover charge just great fun!! 
Mr. Dooley's, Guarenteed Irish and Where the Craic is Always Mighty!!!, "Na Fianna" performing live in Mr. Dooley's for one night only tonight Thursday Oct 6th at 8pm. 
No cover charge!!! Don't miss this very rare chance to see Ireland's Newest Stage Sensation in Boston Best Irish Pub. Mr. Dooley's, Gaurenteed Irish and Boston's Home of Proper Irish Music!!!!

http://youtu.be/HSVD93_H45c)