List(Delicious Chinese BBQ. Lunch time yet?, New Addition to KLW Hospitality, 【2015 KLW Annual Banquet】Check out This Video https://youtu.be/t1nLZsH2yKU, Scan the QR Code below to add our official account on Wechat!, null, Welcome KLW Hospitality’s new member! ----- Hong Kong Eatery
79 Harrison Avenue, Boston, MA, 02111
(617) 423-0838, KLW HOSPTIALITY INC.
KLW Hospitality was founded/established in 2010 by Henry Wong and Benny Kuang. As the modern Chinese population continues to expand within America, both Benny and Henry witnessed a fascinating transformation of Asian ethnic cuisine and entertainment culture. They were driven by the desire to develop and promote Asia’s finest cuisines and entertainment culture. The company’s missions are to provide high quality, authentic dining choices for overseas Chinese. Also to promote cultural awareness and to expose exquisite Asian cuisines in America. With a continuing passion for Asian delicacy food and entertainment culture, the company currently comprises four major businesses, including Quic Pic BBQ, Limelight Stage & Studios, Suishaya, and Ming Dynasty, varying from Chinese, Korean, Japanese cuisines, a sports bar, and KTV. 

About Us
The partners have been friends since college and have worked on numerous projects in the hospitality industry throughout the years. In their continuous efforts, Henry and Benny have accumulated an affluent of experiences within the hospitality industry. Together they have created many astonishing achievements.
In 2010, after many years of training and years of industry experience behind them, Henry and Benny finally opened their first business. With the help of their families and friends, they purchased a small barbequed restaurant called Quic Pic BBQ, located in the hub of Boston Chinatown. The restaurant was a turning point in their lives. Despite its capacity being less than 800 square feet, they transformed this average looking shop into one of Boston Chinatown’s well-received barbequed restaurant in less than 5 years. With the success of Quic Pic, they decided to expand their business and opened three more concepts, providing Chinese/Japanese/Korean cuisines, bars, and KTV, thus the name - KLW Hospitality Inc. The company is currently progressing at a rapid and remarkable growth.
KLW TEAM
Here at KLW, we place a strong emphasis on team building and skill development. We are a team of young, dynamic and vibrant individuals, aiming to achieve the company’s vision of being a market leader. Although KLW Hospitality Inc. has only been established for less than 4 years, however, we already have a group of supportive and knowledgeable staffs/specialists.

BUSINESS OPERATION
Enriched experiences and continue to pursue innovative business operation strategies. Responsible for the management and monitoring the operational status of all of its stores (Includes the establishment of company’s objectives, formulation of development strategies, assisting in management, development of new products, to assess the effect of implementation plans, as well as to resolve various unexpected situations)
Responsible for managing and overseeing sales including goal-setting, executing plans, assisting in management, developing innovative products, implementing plans, and resolving any critical problems

SALES & MARKETING
To establish the company’s prestige, increase brand awareness, promote new products, utilize precise marketing strategies through a variety of ways, seek information directly from consumers (Responsibilities include but are not limited to: maintenance work of the official website, interact with online customers through social media, organize and sponsor all types of events and activities across the Greater Boston area)

Public Relation & Marketing
Works closely with various Asian organizations, media outlets and other businesses to ensure a well-established affiliation (i.e. Boston Chinatown nonprofit/profit organizations, universities’ student associations, local newspapers, magazines, television and etc.)

Human Resource (HR)
Administer, supervise, and coordinate compensation, benefits, performance management systems, and employee relations

Others
Quic Pic BBQ: Hong Kong styled barbecued fast food restaurant, located in the heart of Chinatown, and one of Boston’s favorite barbecue dining options 
Limelight Stage and Studios: Asian style KTV, most recent updated songs from Asia, high-quality sound systems, singing stage, and capable of holding various parties
Suishaya: Authentic Japanese/Korean cuisine, chef’s special recipe, fresh ingredients, one and only Korean restaurant situated in the hub of Boston Chinatown
Ming Dynasty: an Asian-fusion restaurant that has been in business for more than 40 years, located in the south of Boston, with a capacity of approximately 8000 square feet. Aside from its dining service, there are also a bar, dance floor, and various banquet-styled rooms

KLW餐饮娱乐集团
由Henry Wong和Benny Kuang先生成立于2010，致力于发展和推广亚洲饮食和娱乐文化，让远在美国的华人可以吃到地道的中餐，也让更多的美国人了解、接受、甚至喜爱亚洲美食。目前集团下属有4家店，分别是肥仔烧腊、Limelight卡拉ok、水车屋和大明楼，产业涉及中餐、日韩餐、酒吧和KTV。

· KLW的成立
Henry Wong和Benny Kuang相识于大学，一见如故，志同道合，成为挚友。大学毕业后他们一同打拼，在连锁西餐、美式酒吧、高档酒楼、KTV等餐饮娱乐产业都曾工作过。从餐厅服务员，到酒吧调酒师，再到酒楼经理，在不断的努力中他们积累了丰富的餐饮娱乐产业的经验，并联手创造了许多傲人的成绩。经过多年的磨练和打拼，终于在2010年，他们决定经营一家自己的店。在亲朋好友的帮助下，他们买下了位于波士顿唐人街的一家小小的烧腊店——肥仔烧腊。虽然整个店不足800平方尺，但却是他们人生的转折点，更是他们梦想开始的地方。短短5年，他们让这个曾经不起眼的小烧腊店，成为了波士顿唐人街最受欢迎的烧腊店之一，并且又并购了三家店，产业涉及中餐、日韩餐、酒吧和KTV，成立了KLW餐饮娱乐集团，现在公司一直以惊人的速度不断前进。

· KLW团队
KLW是一只年轻的、有干劲的专业团队，成立虽然不足4年，但现在各部门已有明确分工
运营：经验丰富且不断追求创新的运营团队，负责管理和监督旗下所有店铺的运营状况，包括设立目标，制定发展策略，协助管理，开发新产品，评估实施计划效果，以及解决各种突发状况
市场营销：建立企业形象，提高品牌知名度，推广新产品，通过多种途径精准营销，力求信息直接到达消费者，具体工作内容包括维护官方网站，通过社交媒体与顾客线上互动，组织或赞助各类线下活动
公关关系：KLW与波士顿众多华人组织、媒体机构和商家都保持着良好的关系，比如唐人街的华人公所、各高校的学生会、本地报纸、电台、杂志社等
人力资源：建立完善的员工福利和晋升机制，以员工为本，让有能力的人可以一展所长

· 旗下店铺介绍
肥仔烧腊：港式烧腊快餐店，位于唐人街，是波士顿最受欢迎的烧腊店之一Limelight Stage and Studios：紧邻Boston Common，亚洲理念的量贩式KTV，歌曲更新与国内同步，音响设备精良，并有一个舞台，可以举办各类型party水车屋：地道日韩料理，韩国大厨独家配方，食材新鲜，是波士顿唐人街及周边地区唯一一家韩餐厅大明楼：经营超过40年的中餐馆，位于波士顿以南，面积大约8000平方尺，有餐厅、酒吧、舞池和多功能宴会厅, null, Wechat QR, null, null)