List(We are getting our cakes and cookies ready for Easter!!!  3 days away!, If you are planning an Easter brunch, don't forget Greenhills Bakery sells Irish sausages, Irish bacon, black pudding and white pudding.  We carry imported Irish Glentee (AKA Galtee) brand, as well as Greenhills recipe sausages and bacon.  Greenhills boneless hams are also available to order that taste just like a ham you would have in Ireland.  
And don't forget the Dairygold spread or Kerry Gold butter.
Boston creme pie is a popular dessert for Easter season., Everything green!!...., null, Special taytos for St. Pat's Day!! Just off the boat!, Greenhills bakery, Chocolate dipped strawberry on a shortbread heart cookie. YUM., Red velvet cakes,  3 layer chocolate cakes with baileys chocolate frosting   And lots more for Valentine' weekend!, Our most popular sandwiches!, null, Merry Christmas!, A pat on the back for Dorothy!  Great job today!, Hand cut and individually decorated Fall leaf cookies!, null, Heavy hitters at the bakery today!!!  Fighter Kevin Mcbride and Gov. Baker, Come try our new dinner special!! Stuffed pork chops!!!, Thank you Cindy for my beautiful cupcake dress!! Everybody loved it even me 😘😘😘, null, null, Now accepting applications for full and part time help.  If you know anyone that might like working at Greenhills , please pass this on!, Greenhills are looking for full time and part time staff!! Stop by and see Geri!!, Make someone happy with an apple cookie!, We are open today Labor Day till 3pm, stop by for breakfast or lunch!!!, null, null, You'll never know who you'll meet at Greenhills!!!, NEW RECIPE!!! Apple rhubarb cobbler.  Two sizes available, Sunday, June 28 is Celtic Sunday ---free music from 1 PM to 8 PM   part of the Milton music festival.  Fireworks Saturday night at Governor Hutchinson Field in Milton.  Greenhills will be there!   Check out www.weareMilton.org for full details, null, null, null, null, null, Come join us for lunch! Mid week special Roast  Leg of Lamb dinner!!!, Traditional Irish boiled dinner on our menu today and tomorrow 😃, Mayor Walsh and ambassador to Ireland  Kevin O'Malley, All hands on deck today making your scones and Irish soda bread stop by and have Maura make your corned beef dinner, All hands on deck today making your scones and Irish soda bread stop by and have Maura make your corned beef dinner, All hand on deck today making your Irish bread and scones! Stop by and have Maura make ur corn beef dinner 😃, All ready for saint Patrick's day stop by and pick up some cupcakes cookies and hot cross buns, Today's menu... And corned beef all week!, Cadburys chocolate while stocks last, Cadburys Easter eggs on sale now also a selection of Irish goodies stop by and get a taste of home, Get your orders n now for Paddy's Irish soda bread, scones, Keep warm with our shepherd spies, honey baked ham dinner or some beef stew also sold in family size tubs (4 lbs), Greenhills is closed tomorrow due to blizzard all hands on deck today to get your scones and bread ready for the storm stop by and pick some up open till 6;30 tonight, null, Happy Valentine's Day to all our customers stop by and pick up some delicious cookies and cakes for your loved ones ;), Getting ready for valentines day😍, Bakery closing at 4;30 this evening due to severe weather conditions  will be open again in the morning at 5am, Governor baker and lt governor Polito stopped by for some lunch and treats today, Dinners ready😃 stuffed chicken, mashed potato, green beans, carrots and gravy, Greenhills bakery is anticipating a visit from our governor Charlie baker today, who could resist our delicious lunch menu !, Stop by we are open all day as of right now will have an update at noon time ... Freshly baked scones muffins and Danish, Open today 6-3 stop by and try our full Irish breakfast...
Or pick up some Guinness beef stew or chicken stew also available in family size (4lb tubs ), A surprise visit from Mayor Walsh and Governor Baker with Sarah Clifford, Bridget Farrell, and Molly!, Let's go Pat's !!!
Stop by and pick up some patriots cupcakes cookies and much more on your way to you super bowl party😃, null, Come join us for our full Irish breakfast today or try one of our other hot specials !, null, Stop by and pick up ur Irish sausage, bacon & pudding for  breakfast Christmas morning 
Also selling ham's uncooked, boiled or baked, Merry Christmas to all our customers! Here are a few great gift ideas for your friends and family.
Gift baskets, selection boxes, Irish biscuits, porter cakes Christmas puddings  and much more stop by and pick some up, null, We are delighted to host Bill Brett for a book signing of his newest photography book!  "Boston Irish."
Tomorrow Saturday, December 20. 10 AM till noon, It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!, Happy Halloween!!, Just made this morning!, HELP WANTED
I am always sad to see the end of summer, but even more this year because we have so many of the Greenhills gang going off to college and/or starting new careers.  Please put the word out that we are hiring full time positions and accepting applications.  Thanks!, Celebrate the 4th of July with some of our festive treats! Open till 2pm today !, Happy 4th of July everyone! We are open until 2pm today here are our specials ;), Today's Menu..., Try our veggie sandwich!! Looks delicious!!, null, Today's specials!!, null, Special cupcakes for Gabe!, Wearing the Milton HIgh cap and gown, Happy graduation & congratulations to Aidan Quinn and Gabe Silva!!, Congratulations to our own Ashley Brady and Thomas on there marriage in Bermuda last Monday!!! Hurry back Ashley can't wait to see more pics!!, Here's some of our latest creations !!!, Happy 4th birthday to one of our favorite customers Shane!!!!, Hippety Hoppety Easter's on it's way!, The perfect treat for Palm Sunday.......Have a wonderful day!, Go Red Sox! World Series champs ;) stop by. And try our Red Sox cookies, Fresh strawberry shortcakes yum !, Come on down and join the session for a while paddy power singing some Irish tunes ;), Corned beef dinners available today don't miss out ;), Happy saint Patricks day drop by and have Mary and Ashley make your dinners, Taking orders for Paddy's day cookies ;), Ash Wednesday special baked fresh cod dinner or sandwich available today;) mash, sweet potato carrots and creamed spinach won't last long...., Stop by and warm up with out traditional Irish lamb stew, Guinness beef stew or homemade chicken stew! Always available in small, large or family size/ 4lb containers!, New broiled haddock in Tuscan spices with mashed potato sweet potato green beans and tartar sauce ! Won't last long ..., Drop by and pick up some of our pies chocolate creme, custard, pumpkin, apple, rhubarb! We also do mini mince or cherry pies and our cinnamon muffins are delicious !, Order your Irish bread now for Paddy's day! Delicious Irish brown bread or our Irish soda, bread Dermot's grandmother secret recipe!, Hot cross are back ;) stop by for one on your way to work ;), Stop by and have Bess make you a sandwich or dinner this week ;), Try Cindy's pot roast dinner red wine and tomato gravy or Angela's boiled dinner bacon or corn beef and cabbage turnips and carrots with white sauce ! 
Also we have some grilled sandwiches , tuna melt grilled Ham and cheese, Try our delicious turkey dinner with stuffing and cran and gravy mash and sweet potato, carrots and parsnips and greenbeans! Or shepherds or chix pot pie !, Don't forget to get your valentine some of there favorite treats; stop by Greenhills we'll hook you up ;), Meatloaf is back!
Come in for a hot meatloaf dinner with Mashed Potatoes, Peas, Carrots and Mushroom Gravy!! $10.95, Today's hot dinner: Chicken Kiev with green beans, sweet potatoes and mashed potatoes $10.95

Soup and Sandwich Special:
Any small soup or chowder with a Deli Chicken BLT or Chicken Salad Wrap only $7.50!!!, Happy New Year! Celebrate with a cake!, Today's Hot Dinner:
Hot Roast Beef, carved to order, with Mashed Potatoes, Green Beans, and Gravy $10.95
Irish Boiled Dinner, with Red or Grey Corned Beef or Irish Boiled Bacon, with Boiled Potatoes, Carrots, Turnips, Cabbage and White Sauce $10.95
Hot Roast Beef, Bacon, Red and Grey Corned Beef all available as Sandwiches as well!, Traditional Irish Christmas cakes, cookies & Barry's tea--It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas…., Come get your Turkey Cakes! $15.95, Today's Hot Dinner; Roast Turkey Breast with Stuffing, Mashed Potato, Butternut Squash, Carrots, Turnips, Gravy and Cranberry Sauce $10.95
Also: 
Chicken Pot Pies
Shepherd's Pies
Grilled Rosemary Chicken Breast with Mayo, Stuffing, Mixed Greens, Cranberry Sauce on a Baguette $5.95, Now taking orders in for our delicious honey baked ham... Also taking orders for pies breads etc call us at 6178258187, All hands on deck today stop by and say hi to Shannen ;), Have you tried our lemon ginger scone just out of the oven;), Hot cross buns are back pick one up on ur way to work;), Get them while their hot!, Hot Barm Bracks will be out of the oven at 10 o'clock! Happy Halloween!, Try one of our Halloween cakes;) we also have Red Sox cakes pick one up before the game!, Happy Halloween! Call in and show us ur costumes;), Plenty of parking this weekend come on down for some breakfast !, Let's go Red Sox !, Warm the cockels of your heart with our Guinness beef stew hot off the stove served everyday!, Also available today; Hot Roast Beef, on a dinner or sandwich!, Boiled dinner today red/grey corned beef or boiled bacon cabbage, turnips, carrots potato and white sauce also out $5 sandwich is Cajun chix salad on thick multi grain bread !, Hot honey baked ham dinner today with mashed potato, sweet potato, creamed spinach and gravy! Also our $5 sandwich is buffalo chix tenders on a baguette with blue cheese dressing and iceberg lettuce!, Lemon meringue hot from the oven call in a pick one up in your way home., Mini mince pies are back! Also some of our delicious macaroons, Boiled Dinner and Hot Roast Beef Today! Here's our Boiled Bacon Dinner with Cabbage, Turnips and Boiled Potatoes. Also today's $5 Sandwich Special: Turkey and Swiss on Toasted Dark Rye, with Lettuce, tomato and mayo., Any special occasions coming up? Christening, baby shower birthday? Give us a call we do a variety of cakes, different flavors and designs at a great price ;), Come in today for a Hot Honey Baked Ham Dinner! Also our $5 Sandwich of the Day: Roast Beef and Swiss on a Mini Baguette, with Portobello Mushrooms, Roasted Peppers and Garlic Mayo! 
Roast Stuffed Chicken Dinners and Shepherd's Pies also Available!, Happy Columbus Day ! Call down and pick up a chicken Kiev dinner;) mash potato, green beans, carrots and gravy! Or try our $5 sandwich today grilled chicken panini yum! Open all day ;), Some Irish candy or crisps, Stop by and pick up some Irish bacon, sausage and pudding  for your breakfast in the morning!, And our very popular stuffed chicken dinner, and shepherds pies and chicken pot pies !, Also doing McDonalds chicken curry and rice everyday available hot or cold!, For dinner today we have breaded salmon or breaded salmon with spinach and cheese stuffing  mashed potato, sweet potato,green beans tartar sauce and lemon !, Chocolate chip or mixed berry creme cakes! Just baked stop by on ur way home home and pick some up:), Also we will be doing a special sandwich every day for 5 dollars today's special is turkey on dark rye with Swiss cheese. lettuce, tomato and mayo, Roast beef straight from the oven and carved to order as sandwich or dinner with mash potato carrots turnips creamed spinach and delicious Guinness gravy ;), Irish boiled dinner today red or grey corned beef or Irish boiled bacon with carrots, turnips boiled potato, cabbage and white sauce ;) call and order or just stop by and pick one up 6178258188, Also we have shepherd's pie don't forget u can call and we can put dinners etc aside if your stuck at work 6178258188, Choices choices what to have for dinner today ;) a delicious stuffed chicken with mashed potato, sweet potato, green beans cran sauce and gravy or our honey baked ham carved to order, Turkey Tuesday;). Today's dinner special hot roast turkey carved to order with mashed potato, sweet potato, carrots and turnips, gravy and cran sauce!, And they say work is no fun ;), You'd never know who you would meet in Greenhills at 5 am on a Monday morning ;), Hot bread coming out of oven come on down and grab some for breakfast ;), Any special design or pictures you like we can do, just stop by or call and we will be happy to answer your questions ;), null, null, Have a special occasion coming up? Check out the variety of cakes we do;), It's the weekend, come in for a Full Irish Breakfast!, Almond time! Come on down and try our new almond rolls / croissants or our delicious almond bread, Fall is here!!!, It's Turkey Tuesday!, null, Come in for Lunch! All Sandwiches only $5 Every Monday in September!, Fall is here! Come in for your Pumpkin Iced Coffee, Pumpkin Hot Coffee, and Pumpkin Muffins!!, It's Friday! Hope to see you all for lunch. Take away Shepherd's Pies and McDonnell's Chicken Curry and Rice for an easy dinner after a long week!, Hot Dinners served all day! Roast Beef and Boiled Dinner., SPECIAL OFFER
Come in any afternoon this week for a FREE Strawberry Frappe with any purchase of $10 of more.  Offer good every day after 12pm, while supplies last., Come in for lunch! Hot Honey Baked Ham and Roast Stuffed Chicken Breast!, Monster's Inc. cake, FIVE DOLLAR SANDWICHES TODAY!!!
if you're singing "tell me why I don't like Mondays"  here's a reason to like Monday a bit more!
EVERY SANDWICH IS $5   TODAY ONLY!!, null, Happy Easter, null, null, some recent cakes..., null, Our brown soda bread and scones will be served at WGBH tonight after the Cheiftan's radio concert.  Hope they like everything!, null, St. Pat's is upon us!, Cakes and cupcakes, Yule love this!, null, Sarah's wedding cake- Best wishes Sarah and Alan!, null, Photo of Bess is awesome!  I wanted to post some St. Pat's Photos but it was toooooo busy!.  I'll try to add some soon.  Check out Dermot making soda bread on HowtoHeroes.com   they have great how-to videos for cooking and baking everything., Please join Greenhills" facebook page for lots of information and fun!, null)