List("You may write me down in history
With your bitter, twisted lies,
You may trod me in the very dirt
But still, like dust, I’ll rise.

Does my sassiness upset you?
Why are you beset with gloom?
‘Cause I walk like I’ve got oil wells
Pumping in my living room.

Just like moons and like suns,
With the certainty of tides,
Just like hopes springing high,
Still I’ll rise.

Did you want to see me broken?
Bowed head and lowered eyes?
Shoulders falling down like teardrops,
Weakened by my soulful cries?

Does my haughtiness offend you?
Don’t you take it awful hard
‘Cause I laugh like I’ve got gold mines
Diggin’ in my own backyard.

You may shoot me with your words,
You may cut me with your eyes,
You may kill me with your hatefulness,
But still, like air, I’ll rise.

Does my sexiness upset you?
Does it come as a surprise
That I dance like I’ve got diamonds
At the meeting of my thighs?

Out of the huts of history’s shame
I rise
Up from a past that’s rooted in pain
I rise
I’m a black ocean, leaping and wide,
Welling and swelling I bear in the tide.

Leaving behind nights of terror and fear
I rise
Into a daybreak that’s wondrously clear
I rise
Bringing the gifts that my ancestors gave,
I am the dream and the hope of the slave.
I rise
I rise
I rise."
Enjoy the lyric video of Still I Rise. 
The Angelou Johnson Family
#StillIRise
https://youtu.be/_UFMB4i1AJo, "Pretty women wonder where my secret lies.
I'm not cute or built to suit a fashion model's size 
But when I start to tell them,
They think I'm telling lies.
I say,
It's in the reach of my arms,
The span of my hips, 
The stride of my step, 
The curl of my lips. 
I'm a woman
Phenomenally.
Phenomenal woman, 
That's me.

I walk into a room
Just as cool as you please, 
And to a man,
The fellows stand or
Fall down on their knees. 
Then they swarm around me,
A hive of honey bees. 
I say,
It's the fire in my eyes, 
And the flash of my teeth, 
The swing in my waist, 
And the joy in my feet. 
I'm a woman
Phenomenally.
Phenomenal woman,
That's me.

Men themselves have wondered 
What they see in me.
They try so much
But they can't touch
My inner mystery.
When I try to show them, 
They say they still can't see. 
I say,
It's in the arch of my back, 
The sun of my smile,
The ride of my breasts,
The grace of my style.
I'm a woman
Phenomenally.
Phenomenal woman,
That's me.

Now you understand
Just why my head's not bowed. 
I don't shout or jump about
Or have to talk real loud. 
When you see me passing,
It ought to make you proud.
I say,
It's in the click of my heels, 
The bend of my hair, 
The palm of my hand, 
The need for my care. 
'Cause I'm a woman
Phenomenally.
Phenomenal woman,
That's me." Maya Angelou
Our Matriarch was the definition of a Phenomenal Woman. Be inspired to not settle for ordinary. Have a phenomenal Sunday! The Angelou Johnson Family. #OurPhenomenalWoman, “There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.” Maya Angelou. Thankfully Maya Angelou’s story was shared in many ways and you can experience “Maya Angelou: And Still I Rise” at film festivals this year. Come see the documentary and follow the Maya Angelou Film page for even more screenings, including more upcoming international dates! #StillIRise 
 
April 8/9 Fort Myers Film Festival - Fort Myers, FL 
http://bit.ly/1TpsxMi
April 10 Full Frame Documentary Film Festival - Raleigh Durham, NC www.fullframefest.org
April 11/12 RiverRun International Film Festival - Winston-Salem, NC riverrunfilm.com
April 11 Ashland Independent Film Festival - Ashland, Oregon, 
www.ashlandfilm.org
May 4 Bentonville Film Festival - Bentonville, Arkansas
bentonvillefilmfestival.com
May 6 Montclair Film Festival - Montclair, NJ
montclairfilmfest.org
May 8/9 DOXA Documentary Film Festival – Vancouver, Canada
www.doxafestival.ca

The Angelou Johnson Family and Maya Angelou Film Team, Maya Angelou's birthday yesterday was greatly celebrated and we say thank you. We were overwhelmed in the best possible way with the outpouring of love our family received from your memories of our Matriarch. Some of you have named your daughters Maya and some of you have been impacted by her literary works, spoken words and we are sure you are impacting others in positive ways with that wealth you were given. Yes we celebrated on Maya Angelou's birthday and we will continue because we are full with a lifetime of gratitude. Thank you for being grateful with us. The Angelou Johnson Family, Happy Birthday Maya Angelou! We love you so much and are grateful for your 86 years of life and love. We will always miss you and we know we are not alone. Enjoy these family photos and please share your stories below. We will enjoy reading them as we celebrate the life of our Beloved. The legacy continues here and at www.mayaangelou.com The Angelou Johnson Family. #HappyBirthdayMayaAngelou #OurPhenomenalWoman #stillwerise #continue, “My wish for you is that you continue. Continue to be who and how you are, to astonish a mean world with your acts of kindness.” Maya Angelou. On this Monday April 4th Maya Angelou would have celebrated 88 years of life. We hold on to the memories and encourage you to remember the bestowed wisdom we were generously given by our Matriarch. But don’t stop at remembering. Move forward in courage, make new memories and continue. The Angelou Johnson Family #stillwerise #HappyBirthdayMayaAngelou, “We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.” Maya Angelou. Our Matriarch did not become Dr. Angelou overnight. On Monday April 4th our Beloved would have made 88. Those 86 years were spent enduring and Dr. Angelou lived a full, eventful, impactful life as an overcomer. Don’t you dare give up! Be encouraged by the beauty that is yet to come. The Angelou Johnson Family #stillirise #HappyBirthdayMayaAngelou, 'Mrs. Michelle Obama, who told the audience at the historic Warner Theatre that she had been "spellbound" when reading her stories, asked the crowd to honor Angelou's contributions by following her example:
Maya Angelou teaches us that it’s not enough merely to seek greatness for ourselves. We must help others discover the greatness within themselves. We need to reach down…and reach out…and give back…and lift up others the way Maya has lifted us.'
Remarks from our First Lady honoring our Maya Angelou in 2012 receiving the Literary Arts Award at the BET Honors. Enjoy the full story from The White House below as we continue to celebrate Women's Month.
The Angelou Johnson Family
#womensmonth #stillirise 
https://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2012/01/16/first-lady-michelle-obama-celebrates-maya-angelou-bet-honors, From I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings 
““What you looking . . .” The minister’s wife leaned toward
me, her long yellow face full of sorry. She whispered, “I just
come to tell you, it’s Easter Day.” I repeated, jamming the
words together, “Ijustcometotellyouit’sEasterDay,” as low as
possible. The giggles hung in the air like melting clouds
that were waiting to rain on me. I held up two fingers, close
to my chest, which meant that I had to go to the toilet, and
tiptoed toward the rear of the church. Dimly, somewhere
over my head, I heard ladies saying, “Lord bless the child,”
and “Praise God.

Have a wonderful Easter Sunday! The Angelou Johnson Family., "The caged bird sings   
with a fearful trill   
of things unknown   
but longed for still   
and his tune is heard   
on the distant hill   
for the caged bird   
sings of freedom." Maya Angelou.
We are excited to share our collaboration between the Angelou Johnson Family, Caged Bird Legacy and Litographs! We have taken the entire text of "I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings" and created T-Shirts & Tote Bags. These are not only great gifts for others or to keep, but you would be supporting the legacy. We continue to support Maya Angelou's charities, schools and health organizations and are adding more. Thank you. The Angelou Johnson Family. #stillwerise #cagedbirdT
http://www.litographs.com/products/caged-tee, “You can only become truly accomplished at something you love. Don’t make money your goal. Instead pursue the things you love doing and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off of you.” Maya Angelou. Our Matriarch has taught us that in order to be truly accomplished we must live our purpose and pursue it each day without fear. The Angelou Johnson Family., "I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver." Maya Angelou. Our Matriarch always had a heart for giving. Maya Angelou worked very hard so others could have and have more abundantly. If you find it in your heart to give, consider Legacy of Hope and help them provide medical care and facilities for underserved children and communities around the world. In 2013 Maya Angelou became an honorary board member. We continue to support that legacy. The Angelou Johnson Family.
#stillrise 
http://www.mayaangelou.com/charities/legacy-of-hope/, Thank you for supporting our Film. Continue to follow our journey @ Maya Angelou Film
The Angelou Johnson Family #stillirise #tmvff 
http://tmvff.org/mayaangelou, "We are not our brother’s keeper we are our brother and we are our sister. We must look past complexion and see community." See community today.  The Angelou Johnson family. #stillirise, "Each one of us has lived through some devastation, some loneliness, some weather superstorm or spiritual superstorm, when we look at each other we must say, I understand. I understand how you feel because I have been there myself. We must support each other and empathize with each other because each of us is more alike than we are unalike." Maya Angelou. Our Matriarch said it all. If we can be honest enough with ourselves and others to really see, we will see our common ground and have an opportunity to build each other up and not tear each other down. The Angelou Johnson family. #stillilove, "For a person who grew up in the ’30s and ’40s in the segregated South, with so many doors closed without explanation to me, libraries and books said, ‘Here I am, read me.' Take time to read." Maya Angelou. Go to your local library or order a book. Use what you can to educate yourself, you are worth the investment. 
The Angelou Johnson Family.
http://www.mayaangelou.com/books/, “My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry; to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return.” Maya Angelou. We hope you receive love from the people in your life and from our heart to yours, much love. 
The Angelou Johnson Family
#stillilove, "I am convinced that courage is the most important of all the virtues. Because without courage, you cannot practice any other virtue consistently." Maya Angelou. The world needs your strength, beauty, joy, compassion and your vote, but without courage you can't offer anything. Be courageous! 
The Angelou Johnson Family
Photo Credit: Under The Duvet Productions by Celebrity Photojournalist Lisa Pacino, An excerpt from Maya Angelou's Children's Book "Maya’s World: Renée Marie of France"

The class reached the base of the Eiffel Tower, once the tallest building in the world! ...The girls giggled and whispered, but not Renée Marie. In truth, she had another secret. She was very scared of high places...The other girls trailed after Madame Martine, but Renée Marie hung back shyly, looking at souvenirs. The tall boy walked over to her.
“My name is Jacques. Comment t’appelles-tu?” he asked with a wide smile. “What is your name?”  
-We hope you continue reading and share this with young children and educators around the world. Maya Angelou’s children’s books provide a look at different cultures, foreign languages and can help children both confront and articulate challenges while expressing themselves. Happy Women's Month! Keep Reading.  
The Angelou Johnson Family
http://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/3938/mayas-world-renee-marie-of-france-by-maya-angelou-illustrated-by-lizzy-rockwell/, “I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.”  Maya Angelou. Our Matriarch endured great pain in this life, but refused to stay in that painful place. Maya Angelou was an overcomer whose life was dedicated to inspiring others and changing our world for the better. No matter what has happened to you, choose to live your full life and flourish! 
The Angelou Johnson Family. #stillwerise, "Continue to dare to love deeply and risk everything for the good thing." Maya Angelou. For all that our Matriarch went through Maya Angelou made a point to continue. We are so grateful to Successories Today for continuing the legacy by inspiring, motivating and recognizing positivity in our world. These prints make great gifts, additions to your home, office or school. They have quotes on canvas, mounted wood and more. We hope you enjoy and continue. The Angelou Johnson Family.
http://www.successories.com/categories/Motivational-Posters/All-Motivational-Posters/Inspirational-Art/Maya-Angelou/10823/1, "Hate. It has caused a lot of problems in this world, but it has not solved one yet." Maya Angelou. You have an opportunity each day to not choose hate. The choice is actually yours. Malcolm X was born May 19th, 1925 and was assassinated February 21, 1965 in New York. We honor Malcolm X. We celebrate Black History Month. We stand in unity with the best of our brothers and sisters of all colors everywhere. The Angelou Johnson Family. #stillilove #stillirise #stillwerise, “I’m trying to be a Christian…which means that, I try to be as kind and fair and generous and respectful and courteous to every human being, seeing myself as him not as his keeper, as her keeper, but really seeing myself, Black, White, Asian, Spanish speaking [and] Native American. I try to treat everybody as I want to be treated and that’s no small matter. Really that's trying to be an American.”  In this video Maya Angelou reflects on receiving the 2010 Medal of Freedom Award. Enjoy. The Angelou Johnson Family.
https://youtu.be/e2nxxeiAtJc, Democracy Now! caught up with Grandson Colin Johnson and Directors Rita Coburn Whack and Bob Hercules at the Sundance Film Festival. Amy Goodman and her team offered this special to celebrate Black History Month. Bravo for a job well done! Visit the Maya Angelou Film Page as we continue the legacy. 
The Maya Angelou Johnson Family. #stillirise  Suhttp://www.democracynow.org/2016/2/16/maya_angelou_and_still_i_rise, Five years ago today, our Matriarch received the Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama. Happy Presidents Day! The Angelou Johnson Family. #PresidentsDay
https://youtu.be/E2S22Co2528, "Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope." Maya Angelou. Today and everyday be grateful for who you love and all who love you. If you are lonely, know you are not alone and God loves you unconditionally. The Angelou Johnson Family. #stillirise #stillilove, "The more you know of your history, the more liberated you are... African American history is American history." Maya Angelou. 
We continue to celebrate Black History Month with this 2013 recording featuring interviews with Oprah Winfrey, Secretary-General Kofi Annan, Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson and Regina Taylor.
The Angelou Johnson family.
https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, "The civil rights movement caught fire and lifted our country out of the doldrums and lifted us to even believe that we could have freedom, to even believe that we could have fair play, to even believe that we could eradicate this vulgarity called racism." Maya Angelou. As long as you have breath in your body do not give up on what you know to be right, fair and just. 
The Angelou Johnson Family #blackhistory #ourhistory #stillirise, "I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.” Maya Angelou. We will never forget and with the great Maya Angelou Film and strong legacy we all are impacted by, we hope the world will never forget. The Angelou Johnson Family #stillirise #stilliremember, "Develop enough courage so that you can stand up for yourself and then stand up for somebody else." Maya Angelou. You can't afford to not stand. You have no idea who is counting on you. The Angelou Johnson Family. #stillirise, "Listen to yourself and in that quietude you might hear the voice of God." Maya Angelou. We are all creations of the Creator, be still, listen and accept peace. The Angelou Johnson Family.  #mayaangelou #stillirise, We could not be more excited about this monumental week! "Maya Angelou: And Still I Rise" world premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and our film was well received. More than a film, it is an experience that documents the life of our well loved Matriarch, and we invite you to follow the journey. For updates on when you can join the experience and see the film in your city follow the Maya Angelou Film Facebook page, Twitter & Instagram. The Maya Angelou Johnson Family. 
 #sundancefilmfestival #sundance2016 #indiefilm #stillirise #MayaAngelouFilm
www.mayaangeloufilm.com
https://www.instagram.com/p/BBIiwNPDV1q/?taken-by=mayaangeloufilm, An excerpt from Maya Angelou’s poem “Continue” written for Oprah.
Today we celebrate Oprah Winfrey and honor the relationship of her to our matriarch as a Daughter-Sister-Friend. Much love. Happy Birthday. 
The Angelou Johnson Family
“Dear Oprah,
 
On the day of your birth
The Creator filled countless storehouses and
stockings
With rich ointments
Luscious tapestries
And antique coins of incredible value
Jewels worthy of a queen’s dowry
They were set aside for your use
Alone
Armed with faith and hope
And without knowing of the wealth which
awaited
You broke through dense walls
Of poverty
And loosed the chains of ignorance which
threatened to cripple you so that you
could walk
A free woman
Into a world which needed you
My wish for you
Is that you continue
Continue
To be who and how you are
To astonish a mean world
With your acts of Kindness
Continue.”, Maya Angelou’s grandson Colin Johnson along with Co-directors Rita Coburn Whack and Bob Hercules, attend the 2016 Sundance Film Festival presenting "Maya Angelou: And Still I Rise". Thank you for your support of the Maya Angelou Film. Enjoy the video and thank you Hollywood Life for the story. The Angelou Johnson Family. 
#stillirise #sundancefilmfestival
#sundance2016 #sundanceresort #indiefilm #filmfestival #mayaangelou #MayaAngeloudocPBS 

http://hollywoodlife.com/2016/01/26/maya-angelou-and-still-i-rise-documentary-sundance-debut/, "In all the days of my life, I never met a woman who was more completely herself than Maya Angelou. She fully inhabits and owns every space of herself with no pretense and no false modesty. She has a certain way of being in this world. When you walk into a room and she's there, you know it. She is fully aware of what it means to be human, and share that humanity with others. Being around her makes you want to do the same, be more fully your own self." Oprah Winfrey. This is from the foreword of the book "Maya Angelou: A Glorious Celebration". As we continue to celebrate Maya Angelou our hope is that each day you are waking up grateful and fully taking advantage of the blessing of life. The Angelou Johnson Family. #stillirise, “I learned a long time ago, the wisest thing I can do is be on my own side. I am an advocate for Maya Angelou and I want to encourage everyone who is listening to me, be first an advocate for yourself…making health a top priority.” Maya Angelou 2012 Lifetime Achievement Novant Health, establishing the Maya Angelou Women's Health and Wellness Center. Find out more and support http://www.mayaangelou.com/charities/novant-health/  The Angelou Johnson Family, "You, created only a little lower than
The angels, have crouched too long in
The bruising darkness,
Have lain too long
Face down in ignorance.

Your mouths spilling words
Armed for slaughter.

The Rock cries out today, you may stand on me,
But do not hide your face.

Across the wall of the world,
A River sings a beautiful song,

Come rest here by my side". Maya Angelou. 
On this day, 23 years ago in 1993 Maya Angelou recited “On the Pulse of Morning” at the Presidential Inauguration of the Honorable Bill Clinton. These words were true then and remain now if you allow. Know your worth and your power. The Angelou Johnson Family.

http://www.mayaangelou.com/media/president-bill-clinton/, "History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again." Maya Angelou.  Let's have the courage to repeat only the best of our history. We celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. The Angelou Johnson Family.
#stillirise, We're sharing this video post from OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network today as we celebrate Martin Luther King, Jr.  The Angelou Johnson Family., “Stand up straight and realize who you are, that you tower over your circumstances. You are a child of God. Stand up straight.” Maya Angelou. Our Matriarch has stood up for, by and with Martin Luther King, Jr. And now, they continue to stand together. Happy Birthday #MLK & Thank you! The Angelou Johnson Family., I’ll protest like the dickens, but I don’t complain. After hearing someone complain my grandmother would say, "There are people all over the world, black and white, rich and poor, who went to sleep when that person went to sleep, and they have never awakened. … They would give anything for five minutes of what that person was complaining about." Maya Angelou. Act, don't complain. The Angelou Johnson Family., For the next year and a half, save for my short out-of-town singing engagements, we lived in the area. Guy became a part of a group of teenagers whose antics were rambunctious enough to satisfy their need to rebel, yet were acceptable to the tolerant neighborhood.
I began to write. At first I limited myself to short sketches, then to song lyrics, then I dared short stories. When I met John Killens he had just come to Hollywood to write the screenplay for his novel Youngblood, and he agreed to read some of what he called my “work in progress”. I had written and recorded six songs for Liberty Records, but I didn’t seriously think of writing until John gave me his critique. After that I thought of little else. John was the first published black author I had really talked with. (I’d met James Baldwin in Paris in the early fifties, but I didn’t really know him.) John said, “Most of your work needs polishing. In fact, most of everybody’s work could stand rewriting. But you have the undeniable talent.“ He added, “You ought to come to New York. You need to be in the Harlem Writers Guild.” The invitation was oblique but definitely alluring.
-Maya Angelou from “The Heart of a Woman”
Be encouraged and follow your heart until it leads you to your purpose and never stop. Keep reading. The Angelou Johnson Family.
http://www.mayaangelou.com/books/, "Skillfully crafted with heart and ease, this film reflects the vibrant spirit of an American legend who was determined to live her philosophies and fought for what she believed in her whole life."
The documentary "Maya Angelou And Still I Rise" will world premier this month at Sundance and all the information is right here. Enjoy, support & let's celebrate! The Angelou Johnson Family. #MayaAngeloudocPBS, "I had to trust life and believe that life loved the person who dared to live it." Maya Angelou. If you are reading this, then you are experiencing the great privilege to live another year. You are loved and here for a great reason. Blessings for the journey. The Angelou Johnson Family., New Year's Day was always a special time for Maya Angelou. For years Angelou's closest friends and family would fill her Harlem Brownstone in New York. As you celebrate these times with your family, we also want to wish you the happiest New Year! The Angelou Johnson Family., "If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude." Maya Angelou. Be the change and may all your resolutions come true. The Angelou Johnson Family, "In the flush of love's light we dare be brave, and suddenly we see that love costs all we are and will ever be. Yet, it is only love which sets us free." Maya Angelou. Spend your life becoming more and more free, and spend your life responding from a place of love. The Angelou Johnson Family., "We clap hands and welcome the Peace of Christmas.
We beckon this good season to wait a while with us.
We, Baptist and Buddhist, Methodist and Muslim, say come.
Peace.
Come and fill us and our world with your majesty.
We, the Jew and the Jainist, the Catholic and the Confucian,
Implore you, to stay a while with us.
So we may learn by your shimmering light
How to look beyond complexion and see community.

It is Christmas time, a halting of hate time."
-Maya Angelou from Amazing Peace
Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays! The Angelou Johnson Family, "There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you."
We are officially a month away from the Sundance Film Festival! Connect with us on Maya Angelou Film by liking our page. 

https://www.facebook.com/MayaAngelouFilm/?fref=ts, "We, Angels and Mortal's, Believers and Non-Believers,
Look heavenward and speak the word aloud.
Peace. We look at our world and speak the word aloud.
Peace. We look at each other, then into ourselves
And we say without shyness or apology or hesitation.

Peace, My Brother.
Peace, My Sister.
Peace, My Soul."-Maya Angelou from Amazing Peace. In 2005 Maya Angelou wrote these words and read this poem at the White House Christmas Tree Lighting. And today we are still in need of amazing peace. The Angelou Johnson Family. 

http://www.mayaangelou.com/books/, "We delight in the beauty of the butterfly but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty."  Maya Angelou. This hand-printed lithograph portrait is printed by Master Printer Mark Mahaffey of Mahaffey Fine Art and comes matted and ready for framing. The edition is limited to just 100 prints. All details on the website. The Angelou Johnson Family.
http://www.mayaangelou.com/, “I like the idea of dreaming the big dream and making small steps. I’d like to think that you reach your hand, just a little bit further than your reach, not enough so that you’ll be frustrated, not enough so that you’ll give up, but just enough so that you’ll stretch yourself.” Maya Angelou. Watch this short video then share & think about supporting a great cause, The Maya Angelou Center for Health Equity. Best of health for all. Thank you. The Angelou Johnson Family. 

http://www.mayaangelou.com/charities/mache/, "I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver." Maya Angelou. We collaborated with Litographs to create these literary works of art in Maya Angelou's memory. By purchasing a shirt, tote, or poster during this season, part of your proceeds will go to the Maya Angelou Foundation supporting education and charities. The Angelou Johnson Family.

Click to enlarge the image below. 

http://www.litographs.com/collections/all/title_I_Know_Why_the_Caged_Bird_Sings, "I was seventeen, very old, embarrassingly young, with a son of two months, and I still lived with my mother and stepfather.
They offered me a chance to leave my baby with them and return to school. I refused. First, I reasoned with the righteous seriousness of youth, I was not Daddy Cidell Jackson’s blood daughter and my child was his grandchild only as long as the union between Daddy and Mother held fast, and by then I had seen many weak links in their chain of marriage. Second, I considered that although I was Mother’s child, she had left me with others until I was thirteen and why should she feel more responsibility for my child than she had felt for her own. Those were the pieces that made up the skin of my refusal, but the core was more painful, more solid, truer.” Maya Angelou. This excerpt is from “Gather Together In My Name”. Keep Reading. The Angelou Johnson Family. 

http://www.mayaangelou.com/books/, "When you learn, teach, when you get, give.” Maya Angelou. Simple words, powerful when applied. This past Wednesday the Maya Angelou School held a Gala to support the students. Here Maya Angelou begins the poem "Caged Bird" and students join. Enjoy. The Angelou Johnson Family

http://www.cbs.com/shows/cbs_evening_news/video/h35TFkEvghTiyd_cxucJbmlNK4uMEqLT/students-recite-maya-angelou-s-masterpiece-caged-bird-/, “When you learn, teach, when you get, give.” Maya Angelou. During this season of many holidays we have laughter with our loved ones and the memory of those who have passed. Spend time with someone in need and if you are able to give, give generously. The Angelou Johnson Family., Honoring our matriarch as a poet, writer, actress, director and activist, the first documentary "Maya Angelou And Still I Rise" will make its world premiere at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival! We are grateful that such a well lived life will be presented to you and future generations. We hope you are as inspired as we are grateful. The Angelou Johnson Family., “My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.” - Maya Angelou. We are beautifully reminded that the goal of life is to flourish and thrive. Show your joy, share your love, and live well! The Angelou Johnson Family., "When I found that I knew not only that there was God but that I was a child of God, when I understood that, when I comprehended that, more than that, when I internalized that, ingested that, I became courageous." Maya Angelou.  The Angelou Johnson Family., Thank you for your continued support of the Kickstarter campaign, with 4 hours left, there is still an opportunity to get great rewards and become a part of history. http://bit.ly/mayaangeloudoc, Give until it helps - Maya Angelou.
"My grandmother dedicated her life to helping people. She supported many great causes, St. Jude was at the top of that list." - Colin Johnson
Now is a great time to give with #GivingTuesday on December 1st. St. Jude Children's Hospital fights life-threatening diseases and provides many families with the best cancer treatments all at no cost. Now you can get the Maya Angelou Blessing Jar as you give and donate to a great cause.
https://giftshop.stjude.org/celebrities/maya-angelou, "I have a son, who is my heart. A wonderful young man, daring and loving and strong and kind." Maya Angelou. More than an activist, an author, a playwright, a performer and a brilliant woman, Maya Angelou was a mother, a grandmother, an aunt, a sister and a friend. She believed in family, blood related and lovingly adopted. So celebrate your family, use your words wisely and be thankful this day and each day. The Angelou Johnson Family., Support the film. Be a part of history.

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/692700038/the-maya-angelou-documentary
We thank Alfre Woodard for being a part of the film and for her support on this video. Thank you.  The Angelou Johnson Family.
https://vimeo.com/146826159, "I respect myself and insist upon it from everybody. And because I do it, I then respect everybody, too." Maya Angelou. In this season and every season give the gift of respect. The Angelou Johnson Family., "We are not our brother’s keeper we are our brother and we are our sister." Our hearts continue to be with all who mourn. We pray strength for our Nigerian family. The loss of innocent lives gives us pause and in each reflection we see ourselves.  The Angelou Johnson Family., Share & Support. The Angelou Johnson Family.
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/692700038/the-maya-angelou-documentary, "Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better." Maya Angelou. Each day we wake up we have the opportunity to not take life for granted and do much better than we did yesterday. The Angelou Johnson Family., For these times as we stand in solidarity with our brothers and sisters in Paris and around the globe, we offer a poem and comfort to all who mourn.  The Angelou Johnson Family.

A Brave and Startling Truth - Maya Angelou

We, this people, on a small and lonely planet
Traveling through casual space 
Past aloof stars, across the way of indifferent suns 
To a destination where all signs tell us 
It is possible and imperative that we learn 
A brave and startling truth 

And when we come to it 
To the day of peacemaking 
When we release our fingers 
From fists of hostility 
And allow the pure air to cool our palms 

When we come to it 
When the curtain falls on the minstrel show of hate 
And faces sooted with scorn are scrubbed clean 
When battlefields and coliseum 
No longer rake our unique and particular sons and daughters 
Up with the bruised and bloody grass 
To lie in identical plots in foreign soil 

When the rapacious storming of the churches 
The screaming racket in the temples have ceased 
When the pennants are waving gaily 
When the banners of the world tremble 
Stoutly in the good, clean breeze 

When we come to it 
When we let the rifles fall from our shoulders 
And children dress their dolls in flags of truce 
When land mines of death have been removed 
And the aged can walk into evenings of peace 
When religious ritual is not perfumed 
By the incense of burning flesh 
And childhood dreams are not kicked awake 
By nightmares of abuse 

When we come to it 
Then we will confess that not the Pyramids 
With their stones set in mysterious perfection 
Nor the Gardens of Babylon 
Hanging as eternal beauty 
In our collective memory 
Not the Grand Canyon 
Kindled into delicious color 
By Western sunsets 

Nor the Danube, flowing its blue soul into Europe 
Not the sacred peak of Mount Fuji 
Stretching to the Rising Sun 
Neither Father Amazon nor Mother Mississippi who, without favor, 
Nurture all creatures in the depths and on the shores 
These are not the only wonders of the world 

When we come to it 
We, this people, on this minuscule and kithless globe 
Who reach daily for the bomb, the blade and the dagger 
Yet who petition in the dark for tokens of peace 
We, this people on this mote of matter 
In whose mouths abide cankerous words 
Which challenge our very existence 
Yet out of those same mouths 
Come songs of such exquisite sweetness 
That the heart falters in its labor 
And the body is quieted into awe 

We, this people, on this small and drifting planet 
Whose hands can strike with such abandon 
That in a twinkling, life is sapped from the living 
Yet those same hands can touch with such healing, irresistible tenderness 
That the haughty neck is happy to bow 
And the proud back is glad to bend 
Out of such chaos, of such contradiction
We learn that we are neither devils nor divines 

When we come to it 
We, this people, on this wayward, floating body 
Created on this earth, of this earth 
Have the power to fashion for this earth 
A climate where every man and every woman 
Can live freely without sanctimonious piety 
Without crippling fear 

When we come to it 
We must confess that we are the possible 
We are the miraculous, the true wonder of this world 
That is when, and only when 
We come to it., "We cannot change the past, but we can change our attitude toward it. Uproot guilt and plant forgiveness. Tear out arrogance and seed humility. Exchange love for hate." On this Veteran's Day and everyday we remain grateful for our freedom and the high price paid in the past for what many take for granted. We will never forget the lives lost and sacrificed. Thank you to all the Veterans, those still fighting and the families that have been effected by the presence of war and conflict. The Angelou Johnson Family., "There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside of you." Maya Angelou.

Help tell Maya Angelou's story to the world when you make a Kickstarter donation. You find signed copies of "Still I Rise", Posters of "How To Make An American Quilt" signed by all the actors, future downloads of the film and a whole lot more. But the greatest reward is being a part of history. The Angelou Johnson Family.

http://bit.ly/mayaangeloudoc, "The truth is you never can leave home.	You take it with you everywhere you go. It's under your skin. It moves the tongue or slows it, colors the thinking, impedes upon the logic....I was terribly hurt in this town, and vastly loved." Maya Angelou, born Marguerite Johnson in St. Louis,1928. This video captures Maya Angelou's reflections with Bill Moyer in 1982 after returning to the place she grew up Stamps, Arkansas for the first time in years. The Angelou Johnson Family. http://www.mayaangelou.com/media/bill-moyers/, If you can’t believe there’s never been a documentary about Dr. Maya Angelou, believe it. Support the Kickstarter Campaign. Donating to Kickstarter today and tell all your friends.  We're making history. The Angelou Johnson Family bit.ly/mayaangeloudoc, "No sun outlasts its sunset but will rise again and bring the dawn."
Maya Angelou Keep rising. The Angelou Johnson Family., In June of 2013, Maya Angelou became an honorary board member for Legacy of Hope. The Legacy of Hope Foundation was created to provide medical care and facilities for underserved children and communities around the world. By donating you continue Maya Angelou’s legacy of hope. The Angelou Johnson Family.

http://www.mayaangelou.com/charities/legacy-of-hope/, As a shooting has occurred at Winston-Salem State University, we are reminded of senseless violence at our schools and campuses and grieve with all those who mourn. We repeat a quote by our matriarch from 2013. "Each slain adult is a member of our family. It is impossible to explain the horror to ourselves and to our survivors. We need to hold each other’s hands and look into each other’s eyes and say, “I am sorry.”  - Maya Angelou  - The Angelou Johnson Family., Golden Globe Award-winning actress, playwright and director Regina Taylor will appear with the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra narrating poems of Dr. Maya Angelou during the world premiere performances of newly-commissioned orchestral works Nov. 13-14 at historic Music Hall! If you are able to get to Cincinnati please enjoy. This is what keeps the legacy alive! The Angelou Johnson Family.

http://www.broadwayworld.com/bwwclassical/article/Actress-Regina-Taylor-to-Perform-with-Cincinnati-Symphony-Orchestra-1113-20151026#, We're honored to have these considerations for the Caged Bird Songs album.  If you are a member ot the academy, please vote. And for everyone -- enjoy Harlem Hopscotch. The Angelou Johnson Family http://www.oprah.com/entertainment/Maya-Angelous-Harlem-Hopscotch-Official-Music-Video_1, Our matriarch took the artist Phoebe Beasley's "Sister Sookie's Funeral" to each home where she lived or office where she worked. The empty chair reminded her of Grandmother Henderson and reminds us all of the missing loved ones in our lives. The original was auctioned for more than $16,000. The prints are now rewards on Kickstarter! Please join the campaign, support the documentary, and know the greatest reward is becoming a part of history. The Angelou Johnson Family bit.ly/mayaangeloudoc, Carefully
the leaves of autumn
sprinkle down the tinny
sounds of little dyings
and skies sated 
of ruddy sunsets
of roseate dawns
roil ceaselessly in
cobweb greys and turn
to black
for comfort.

Only lovers
see the fall
a signal end to endings
a gruffish gesture alerting
those who will not be alarmed
that we begin to stop
in order simply
to begin
again.

Late October
by Maya Angelou
The Angelou Johnson Family, The first official documentary about Maya Angelou will be made by directors Rita Coburn Whack and Bob Hercules. The directors launched a Kickstarter today to raise finishing funds for the Maya Angelou Documentary: bit.ly/mayaangeloudoc

Dr. Angelou shared her stories with the filmmakers during many interviews from 2012 through January 2014. The campaign will help support archival licensing rights costs for images and footage, final edits, sound mixing, and color correction. Join us in supporting this project and commemorating our matriarch's legacy! The Angelou Johnson Family., Thank you for all your support and to all Grammy Voting Members, 2015 is the last year we can nominate our matriarch for a Grammy and with your votes we hope you consider making this dream a reality for her last musical work “Caged Bird Songs”.
Please consider voting in these categories:
Best Historical Album-Caged Bird Songs
Best Package Design-Caged Bird Songs
Best Music Video-Harlem Hopscotch
Song of the Year-Pilgrim of Sorrow
Record of the Year-Pilgrim of Sorrow.
Thank you for your votes, love, and continued support. The Angelou Johnson Family., We're celebrating Sunday. "I saw Sister Monroe.....she got the spirit and started shouting, throwing her arms around and jerking her body, so that the ushers went over to hold her down, but she tore herself away from them and ran up to the pulpit. She stood in front of the altar, shaking like a freshly caught trout. She screamed at Reverend Taylor, “Preach it. I say, preach it.” Maya Angelou, I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings. The Angelou Johnson Family., Please stand by and join us while we watch Maya Angelou’s Grandson Colin Johsnon read "A Brave And Startling Truth" to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the United Nations. The Angelou Johnson Family.

webtv.un.org, In 1995, Dr. Maya Angelou wrote and dedicated the poem "A Brave And Startling Truth" to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the United Nations.  Please listen to the poem and join us at 3 p.m. EST for the 70th anniversary celebration where Maya Angelou's Grandson Colin Johnson will present a special plaque from NASA with the poem that traveled on Orion during its December 2014 voyage into outer space. We will live stream the UN presentation.  Continue to pray for peace.
"We, this people, on a small and lonely planet
Traveling through casual space
Past aloof stars, across the way of indifferent suns
To a destination where all signs tell us
It is possible and imperative that we learn
A brave and startling truth..." The Angelou Johnson Family.
https://youtu.be/UjEfq7wLm7M, "Be proud, not haughty, but proud of what you’ve achieved. And see the future as your career, as your job. This is not a rehearsal. This is your life." The Angelou Johnson Family., “My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry; to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return.” Maya Angelou. The words of our well loved Matriarch keep teaching us how to love and be loved. The Angelou Johnson Family., “The ancestors remind us, despite the history of pain, we are a goin on people who will rise again, and still we rise!” Maya Angelou’s words at the Million Man March still remain true. Today marks the 20th anniversary of this historic event. Watch, share and reflect. The Angelou Johnson Family.

https://youtu.be/Q3IIX8_cm7I, "I may cry and I will die, but my spirit is the soul of every Spring, watch for me and you will see that I'm present in the songs that children sing." Maya Angelou from the poem, "Uncle Willie". Enjoy more videos on the official YouTube channel. The Angelou Johnson Family.

https://youtu.be/6aNH0JczsdA, "On Sunday mornings Momma served a breakfast that was geared to hold us quiet from 9:30 A.M. to 3 P.M. She fried thick pink slabs of home-cured ham and poured the grease over sliced red tomatoes. Eggs over easy, fried potatoes and onions, yellow hominy and crisp perch fried so hard we would pop them in our mouths and chew bones, fins and all." Maya Angelou, I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings. Enjoy your Sunday morning and keep reading, The Angelou Johnson Family.

http://www.mayaangelou.com/books/

#cagedbirdfree #mayaforever, Dr. Maya Angelou was known for her giving and we have the opportunity to uphold that great legacy by doing our part. By donating to the See Forever Foundation you create learning communities through the Maya Angelou Schools in lower income urban areas particularly for students who have not succeeded in traditional schools. You can make a donation through Maya Angelou's official site & get the story behind the naming of the Maya Angelou Schools from the 90’s! -- The Angelou Johnson Family

http://www.mayaangelou.com/charities/see-forever-foundation-maya-angelou-public-charter-schools/

#cagedbirdfree #mayaforever, "My mother said I must always be intolerant of ignorance but understanding of illiteracy. That some people, unable to go to school, were more educated and more intelligent than college professors." -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family

#cagedbirdfree #mayaforever, "It is imperative that each of us knows that we own this country because it's already been paid for." -- Maya Angelou, October 5th, 2007 at the opening for the African Burial Ground National Monument. 

A 17th century cemetery for more than 15,000 African Americans was covered by development and forgotten until 1991. When more than 415 human remains and skeletons were unearthed in preparation to erect a federal office in New York, the forgotten history of African American slaves was discovered. Let's keep our history alive. -- The Angelou Johnson Family.

#cagedbirdfree #mayaforever, “Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.” -- Maya Angelou --The Angelou Johnson Family #mayaforever, "When you get give. When you learn teach."  Maya Angelou

Thank you for your support. As you wear the words of I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings, you continue the legacy.  We're giving, teaching and growing.  The Angelou Johnson Family. 

http://www.litographs.com/products/caged-tee, "If I'm the people's poet, then I ought to be in people's hands - and, I hope, in their heart." -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, "The need for change bulldozed a road down the center of my mind." -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, "The more you know of your history, the more liberated you are."  -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, "Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told: 'I'm with you kid. Let's go.'"  -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, "I respect myself and insist upon it from everybody. And because I do it, I then respect everybody, too."  -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, "I love wisdom. And you can never be great at anything unless you love it. Not be in love with it, but love the thing, admire the thing. And it seems that if you love the thing, and you don't just want to possess it, it will find you."  -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, Litographs has turned over 1,000 of your personal tributes to Maya Angelou into a beautiful work of art. Enlarge and search to find your tribute here: http://www.litographs.com/pages/maya-tribute Thank you for your kind words and heartfelt comments. The Angelou Johnson Family., Litographs has turned over 1,000 of your personal tributes to Maya Angelou into a beautiful work of art. Enlarge and search to find your tribute here: http://www.litographs.com/pages/maya-tribute Thank you for your kind words and heartfelt comments. The Angelou Johnson Family., "Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him." -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, Introducing our first official T-Shirt, a wearable design from Litographs made entirely from the words of I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Our literary products will help support the legacy, our foundation, and charities as well as send books to communities in need. See I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings in T-Shirt form here - http://www.litographs.com/products/caged-tee  The Angelou Johnson Family., "There is a very fine line between loving life and being greedy for it."  -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, It's your final chance to add your thoughts to the growing list of Maya Angelou fans paying tribute here - https://tributetomaya.typeform.com/to/MgDxfZ", "How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes!" -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, Our first official T-Shirt will be a wearable design from Litographs made entirely from the words of I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Our literary products will help support the legacy, our foundation, and charities. Litographs will also be turning hundreds of your personal tributes to Maya Angelou into a beautiful work of art. Follow this link https://tributetomaya.typeform.com/to/MgDxfZ to have your words become a part of the legacy and we'll let you know about our first official T-Shirt very soon!  The Angelou Johnson Family., "My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style." -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, Join fans across the world to pay tribute to our Matriarch’s legacy and let your words become a work of art. https://tributetomaya.typeform.com/to/MgDxfZ., Our hearts and hands go out to the family, friends and each one of us as we celebrate the life of Julian Bond.  He dedicated his life to making all our lives better.  The Angelou Johnson Family.

When Great Trees Fall

When great trees fall,
rocks on distant hills shudder,
lions hunker down
in tall grasses,
and even elephants
lumber after safety.

When great trees fall
in forests,
small things recoil into silence,
their senses
eroded beyond fear.

When great souls die,
the air around us becomes
light, rare, sterile.
We breathe, briefly.
Our eyes, briefly,
see with
a hurtful clarity.
Our memory, suddenly sharpened,
examines,
gnaws on kind words
unsaid,
promised walks
never taken.

Great souls die and
our reality, bound to
them, takes leave of us.
Our souls,
dependent upon their
nurture,
now shrink, wizened.
Our minds, formed
and informed by their
radiance,
fall away.
We are not so much maddened
as reduced to the unutterable ignorance
of dark, cold
caves.

And when great souls die,
after a period peace blooms,
slowly and always
irregularly. Spaces fill
with a kind of
soothing electric vibration.
Our senses, restored, never
to be the same, whisper to us.
They existed. They existed.
We can be. Be and be
better. For they existed.”
Maya Angelou, "I have a feeling that I make a very good friend, and I'm a good mother, and a good sister, and a good citizen. I am involved in life itself--all of it. And I have a lot of energy and a lot of nerve." -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, "Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue consistently." -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, "I want to write so well that a person is 30 or 40 pages in a book of mine... before she realizes she's reading."  -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, "You can never be anything great unless you love it."  -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, "Whatever you want to do, if you want to be great at it, you have to love it and be able to make sacrifices for it." -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, "Whatever you want to do, if you want to be great at it, you have to love it and be able to make sacrifices for it." -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, "When you get give, when you learn teach." Maya Angelou --
We support the building of the Nelson Mandela's Children's Hospital (NMCH) in Johannesburg, South Africa. You can join the streamed concert tonight with Artists Robin Thicke, Common, CHIC featuring Nile Rodgers, violinist Miri Ben-Ari, and South African musical legend Jonathan Butler. The Angelou Johnson Family. 
http://legacyofhope.cleeng.com/legacy-of-hope-nelson-mandela-children-s-hospital-concert/E646130548_US., I long, as does every human being, to be at home wherever I find myself." -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, "Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud." -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, "Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope." -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, An early supporter of the Human Rights Campaign our matriarch supported love, saying, "Love liberates." The Angelou Johnson Family. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwP6TCjsVkQ, “Don’t be a prisoner of ignorance.  Prejudice and hatred diminish not only their object, but their possessor as well.” Maya Angelou. Let us start in our own hearts. The Angelou Johnson Family., "...My fathers sit on benches,Their flesh count every plank,
The slats leave dents of darkness Deep in their withered flank.
And they gnarled like broken candles, All waxed and burned profound.They say, but sugar, it was our submission that made your world go round..." For every father or surrogate that submitted to the responsibility, Happy Father's Day!  And to Guy and Colin two wonderful fathers, your mother's and grandmother's expression foretold her confidence in you -- The Angelou Johnson Family. Photo John Leongard, Caged Bird Legacy, LLC., "The hope, the hope that lives in the breast of the black American, is just so tremendous that it overwhelms me sometimes." -- Maya Angelou -- We stand with healing for our brothers and sisters in Charleston, South Carolina and throughout this nation. The Angelou Johnson Family., "Nothing will work unless you do." -- Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, We thank Cicely Tyson for her more than 50-year friendship with our matriarch.  Please visit the youtube channel for more videos as we continue the legacy of Dr. Maya Angelou.  The Angelou Johnson Family https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXGDBQjCja4, "My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style." -- Maya Angelou The Angelou Johnson Family, "Continue to love deeply and risk everything for the good thing." --Maya Angelou.  Take love with you into this weekend and always. The Angelou Johnson Family., To Vice President Biden and his family, our brothers and sisters in Texas and those who mourn family everywhere.  From the poem When Great Trees Fall "...after a period peace blooms, slowly and always irregularly. Spaces fill with a kind of soothing electric vibration. Our senses, restored, never to be the same, whisper to us. They existed.  They existed. We can be. Be and be better. For they existed."-- Maya Angelou. May God grant you peace. The Angelou Johnson Family, We appreciated and continue to appreciate the suppor of The First Family.  Please view this speech given at last year's Wake Forest Memorial for Dr. Maya Angelou.  The Angelou Johnson Family. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Xgh5i0bk94, The Little Black Girl from Stamps
..I point to the life of the little Black girl from Stamps
Whose words and actions on this day we honor here
who marched past all the heartbreaks and the countless set backs;
against hate and ignorance she learned to persevere...  Guy B. Johnson  Please view the video of President Clinton's Memorial comments and enjoy poetry and history on the website. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7g-LXIkY5M, On this day last year our lost became heaven's gain.  We thank you for all your support please visit the website for videos from the memorials and a poem about The Little Black Girl From Stamps.  The Angelou Johnson Family. http://www.mayaangelou.com/remembering-maya-angelou/., "If a human being dreams a great dream, dares to love somebody, if a human being dares to be Martin King or Mahatma Gandhi or Mother Teresa or Malcom X, if a human being dares to be bigger than the condition into which she or he was born, it means: So can you! And so, you can try to stretch! Stretch! Stretch yourself!" --Maya Angelou. Enlarge your territory. The Angelou Johnson Family., The final stanza of Maya Angelou's Caged Bird  
"The caged bird sings with a fearful trill of things unknown but longed for still and his tune is heard on the distant hill for the caged bird sings of freedom."  On this Memorial Day we thank you for the freedoms many enjoy because you served.  The Angelou Johnson Family., The fifth stanza of Maya Angelou's Caged Bird  
"But a caged bird stands on the grave of dreams his shadow shouts on a nightmare scream his wings are clipped and his feet are tied so he opens his throat to sing."   The Angelou Johnson Family., The fourth stanza of Maya Angelou's Caged Bird  
"The free bird thinks of another breeze and the trade winds soft through the sighing trees and the fat worms waiting on a dawn-bright lawn and he names the sky his own."   The Angelou Johnson Family., The third stanza of Maya Angelou's Caged Bird  
"The caged bird sings with a fearful trill of things unknown but longed for still and his tune is heard on the distant hill for the caged bird sings of freedom."  May all your songs be free.  The Angelou Johnson Family., The second stanza of Maya Angelou's Caged Bird  
"But a bird that stalks down his narrow cage can seldom see through his bars of rage his wings are clipped and his feet are tied so he opens his throat to sing."  Sing.  The Angelou Johnson Family., The first stanza of Maya Angelou's Caged Bird  
"A free bird leaps on the back of the wind and floats downstream 
till the current ends and dips his wing in the orange suns rays 
and dares to claim the sky."  Claim the sky.  The Angelou Johnson Family., We celebrate with the Shabazz family the birthdate of Malcolm X. Photo by Alice Windom. The Angelou Johnson Family., As our matriarch would exclaim, "This is a beautiful day, I've never seen this one before!"  Enjoy this day. The Angelou Johnson Family., From Still I Rise Maya Angelou The Complete Poetry
"Does my sexiness upset you? Does it come as a surprise
That I dance like I've got diamonds At the meeting of my thighs? 
Out of the huts of history's shame I rise Up from a past that's rooted in pain I rise I'm a black ocean, leaping and wide,
Welling and swelling I bear in the tide. Leaving behind nights of terror and fear I rise Into a daybreak that's wondrously clear
I rise Bringing the gifts that my ancestors gave, I am the dream and the hope of the slave. I rise I rise I rise." May we all rise together. The Angelou Johnson Family., From Still I Rise Maya Angelou The Complete Poetry
Did you want to see me broken? Bowed head and lowered eyes? 
Shoulders falling down like teardrops. Weakened by my soulful cries. Does my haughtiness offend you? Don't you take it awful hard 'Cause I laugh like I've got gold mines Diggin' in my own back yard. You may shoot me with your words, You may cut me with your eyes, You may kill me with your hatefulness, But still, like air, I'll rise." Continue to rise. The Angelou Johnson Family., n honor of B.B. King. In 1968, on her KQED program, Black Blues Black, our matriarch said, “The preachers and the blues singers are the poets of the black American world.” Please view the interview and performance for the legendary and much loved B.B. King. Episode 1 scroll to 39:52. With love, respect, sympathy and condolences, The Angelou Johnson Family.
https://diva.sfsu.edu/collections/sfbatv/10287, From Still I Rise Maya Angelou The Complete Poetry
"You may write me down in history With your bitter, twisted lies,
You may tread me in the very dirt But still, like dust, I'll rise.
Does my sassiness upset you? Why are you beset with gloom? 
'Cause I walk like I've got oil wells Pumping in my living room.
Just like moons and like suns, With the certainty of tides,
Just like hopes springing high, Still I'll rise..." Keep rising. The Angelou Johnson Family., From They Ask Why Maya Angelou The Complete Poetry
"A certain person wondered why a big strong girl like me wouldn't keep a job which paid a normal salary. I took my time to lead her and to read her every page. Even minimal people can't survive on minimal wage." We wish you success in far surpassing the minimum in your life. The Angelou Johnson Family., Our matriarch wrote the following for Haiti.  Add Nepal, Japan, Texas, Arkansas and continue to send prayers and thoughts to Haiti. "Haiti is our front yard, our backyard and according to our understanding, our living room. We are all involved in its recovery. I am proud of our country, men and women. I have not spoken to anyone who does not share this responsibility. We are Americans. We are human beings. We care."  Continue to help. Continue to care. The Angelou Johnson Family., From On Aging Maya Angelou The Complete Poetry
"When you see me sitting quietly, Like a sack left on the shelf,
Don’t think I need your chattering. I’m listening to myself.
Hold! Stop! Don’t pity me! Hold! Stop your sympathy!
Understanding if you’ve got it, Otherwise I’ll do without it!
...When you see me walking, stumbling, Don’t study and get it wrong. ‘Cause tired don’t mean lazy And every goodbye ain’t gone.
I’m the same person I was back then, A little less hair, a little less chin, A lot less lungs, much less wind. But ain’t I lucky I can still breathe in..." Respect the elders.  The Angelou Johnson Family., For the children from Life Doesn't Frighten Me Maya Angelou The Complete Poetry
"Shadows on the wall Noises down the hall Life doesn't frighten me at all. Bad dogs barking loud Big ghosts in a cloud Life doesn't frighten me at all. Mean old Mother Goose Lions on the loose
They don't frighten me at all. Dragons breathing flame On my counterpane That doesn't frighten me at all.  I go boo Make them shoo I make fun Way they run I won't cry So they fly I just smile
They go wild..." Let the children live without fear. The Angelou Johnson Family, From Woman Work Maya Angelou The Complete Poetry
Shine on me, sunshine Rain on me, rain Fall softly, dewdrops
And cool my brow again. Storm, blow me from here With your fiercest wind Let me float across the sky 'Til I can rest again.
Fall gently, snowflakes Cover me with white Cold icy kisses and
Let me rest tonight. Sun, rain, curving sky Mountain, oceans, leaf and stone Star shine, moon glow You're all that I can call my own., "Nothing can dim the light which shines from within." Maya Angelou. We stand with our brothers and sisters in Texas and Arkansas as they mourn the loss of life and repair the places where they live. "We are not our brother’s keeper we are our brother and we are our sister."  The Angelou Johnson Family., From Woman Work Maya Angelou The Complete Poetry
"I've got the children to tend The clothes to mend The floor to mop
The food to shop Then the chicken to fry The baby to dry
I got company to feed The garden to weed I've got shirts to press
The tots to dress The cane to be cut I gotta clean up this hut
Then see about the sick And the cotton to pick..." Tomorrow more stanzas from this poem. It's Monday and we acknowledge everyone going to work. Have a wonderful week.  The Angelou Johnson Family., From Mother: A Cradle to Hold Me Maya Angelou
"I feared if I let you go you would leave me eternally.
You smiled at my fears, saying I could not stay in your lap forever... Mother, I have learned enough now to know I have learned nearly nothing. On this day when mothers are being honored, let me thank you that my selfishness, ignorance, and mockery did not bring you to discard me like a broken doll which had lost its favor. I thank you that you still find something in me to cherish, to admire and to love."  With gratitude for laps of love. The Angelou Johnson Family., From Mother: A Cradle to Hold Me  Maya Angelou
"It is true I was created in you. It is also true that you were created for me. I owned your voice. It was shaped and tuned to soothe me. Your arms were molded into a cradle to hold me, to rock me. The scent of your body was the air perfumed for me to breathe." For mothers here and those in memory.  Tomorrow and every day is your day.  The Angelou Johnson Family., Harlem Hopscotch!  "One foot down, then hop! It's hot. Good things for the ones that's got. Another jump, now to the left. Everybody for hisself...Both feet flat, the game is done. They think I lost, I think I won." Thank God for everyday and since it's Friday we thought you'd like to dance! From the album Caged Bird Songs and back by popular demand the CBS Evening News segment. http://www.cbsnews.com/news/hip-hop-gets-a-taste-of-maya-angelous-poetry/ The Angelou Johnson Family, The Poem Alone from Maya Angelou The Complete Poetry
"...Now if you listen closely I'll tell you what I know Storm clouds are gathering The wind is gonna blow The race of man is suffering And I can hear the moan, 'Cause nobody, But nobody Can make it out here alone."
Continue to know that we are one. The Angelou Johnson Family., "Alone -- Lying, thinking last night 
How to find my soul a home
Where water is not thirsty and breadloaf is not stone 
I came up with the one thing and I don't believe I'm wrong 
That nobody but nobody can make it out here alone." 
Tomorrow the last stanza of Alone.  Let's live respecting, acknowledging and  helping each other. The Angelou Johnson Family, "My Guilt -- My sin is "hanging from a tree." I do not scream, it makes me proud. I take to dying like a man. I do it to impress the crowd. My sin lies in not screaming loud." Maya Angelou The Complete Poetry. Let your voice be heard for justice. The Angelou Johnson Family., "My Guilt -- My crime is "heroes, dead and gone," dead Vesey, Turner, Gabriel, dead Malcolm, Marcus, Martin King. They fought too hard, they loved too well.  My crime is I'm alive to tell."  Tomorrow stanza three from Maya Angelou The Complete Poetry.  Continue to live with faith for all people. The Angelou Johnson Family., "My Guilt  -- My guilt is "slavery's chains," too long the clang of iron falls down the years. This brother's sold, this sister's gone, is bitter wax, lining my ears.  My guilt made music with the tears."  Tomorrow stanza two from Maya Angelou The Complete Poetry. Continue to develop compassion and responsibility for all life. The Angelou Johnson Family., "Touch me life, not softly." We enter May knowing that Mother's Day and all its memories are with us as well as an anniversary we will celebrate by honoring a life well lived. Honor and enjoy your family. Join us each day for a quote from the re-release of Maya Angelou The Complete Poetry. The Angelou Johnson Family., From Nepal to Baltimore we offer lines from the poem Vigil. "Into each of our meanest nights, you have arrived. Oh, Lord. Creator. To lead us away from our ignorance and into knowing."  Maya Angelou. Our prayers continue for all the grieving, disenfranchised and hopeful.  The Angelou Johnson Family., Thank you for your interest in Michelle Miller's segment on the CBS Evening News.  Here's the video Harlem Hopscotch! Let us know if you know the significance of the doors in the opening scene.  The Angelou Johnson Family. Enjoy the album Caged Bird Songs. Celebrate poetry with music, it's National Poetry Month. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mBHyKECPuA, We're celebrating National Poetry Month. If you missed the CBS Evening News with Scott Pelly segment on one of our matriarch's projects, the album Caged Bird Songs, please enjoy the link below. For more information on the album visit mayaangelou.com and sign up for our emails. The Angelou Johnson Family. http://www.cbsnews.com/news/hip-hop-gets-a-taste-of-maya-angelous-poetry/, We're celebratiing National Poetry Month. Please join us tonight for a segment on the CBS Evening News 6:50 EST. Crews recorded interviews with the family as well as behind the scenes moments from the video Harlem Hopscotch featured on the album Caged Bird Songs.  The Angelou Johnson Family., "I respect myself and insist upon it from everybody. And because I do it, I then respect everybody, too." -- Maya Angelou --  Continue to respect yourself and others. The Angelou Johnson Family., If you were not with us on April 7th and did not have the opportunity to view this tribute video, presented by the United States Postal Service at the First Day of Issue Ceremony, please enjoy the video and thank you for your continued support.  The Angelou Johnson Family. (Click inside the picture below not the link, it will take you directly to the video)
https://www.youtube.com/watchv=S1EeheRqH2Y&feature=player_embedded, “Great Grands” Brandon Johnson and Caylin Johnson gift NASA accepted by Administrator Charles Bolden, “A Brave and Startling Truth”. The poem is one of 34 literary writings of Dr. Maya Angelou flown aboard the Orion spacecraft. As our matriarch, we support science, literature, education, history and a future of peace.  The Angelou Johnson Family. Image Credit: NASA/Aubrey Gemignani, "...We are weaned from our timidity, in the flush of love's light
we dare be brave. And suddenly we see that love costs all we are
and will ever be. Yet it is only love which sets us free." Maya Angelou -- Practice love today.  The Angelou Johnson Family., “Let gratitude be the pillow upon which you kneel to say your nightly prayer. And let faith be the bridge you build to overcome evil and welcome good.”  -- Maya Angelou  
Continue to walk in gratitude and faith. The Angelou Johnson Family, Continuing in gratitude.  Thank you for an amazing day! The Angelou Johnson Family., Thank you for celebrating with us as a once little girl from Stamps, Arkansas shares a United States postage stamp with all citizens of the world! We are grateful. The Angelou Johnson family., "When I found that I knew not only that there was God but that I was a child of God, when I understood that, when I comprehended that, more than that, when I internalized that, ingested that, I became courageous."   Maya Angelou. Be courageous today as you celebrate -- The Angelou Johnson Family., After Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated on April 4th, 1968 our matriarch would not celebrate her birthday on its date. Now, it is our hope that they are both celebrating lives well lived.  On what would have been Dr. Maya Angelou's 87th birthday, help us remember her inspiration to millions -- tell us how she inspired you? Happy Birthday Mom -- The Angelou Johnson Family  Please use the #MayaAngelouInspires, From the first pages of I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings "What are you looking at me for? I didn't come to stay...I just come to tell you, it's Easter Day."  Maya Angelou -- In memory of our matriarch, we celebrate with Christians worldwide acknowledging Good Friday and Resurrection Sunday.  The Angelou Johnson Family, Continue to share your stories #IKnowWhy as we celebrate Women's History Month with the re-release of I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings with a foreword by  "daughter friend" Oprah Winfrey. Share the truth of the book with generations as we strenghten the story of all women.  The Angelou Johnson Family, "Recognizing I'm not my brother's keeper, but I am in fact my brother. That is civility." Maya Angelou.  After a tragedy our matriarch would offer a word of encouragement and pray. Our prayers and thoughts are with family and friends of Germanwings Flight 4U9525.  We stand as brothers. The Angelou Johnson family, It's true life isn't without its perversity, but we can overcome and thrive. Have faith today and continue to tell us your story. #IKnowWhy The Angelou Johnson family, As a family, our hearts are warmed by your memories. We are aware of the way our matriarch's life was shared by so many. Continue to tell us when you read I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings, why you read the book and what it meant to you, by using #IKnowWhy as we celebrate the re-release of a book we hope more generations will share. The Angelou Johnson family., Today we celebrate the re-release of I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings, with a foreword by “daughter-friend” Oprah Winfrey.  We celebrate a book that changed the nation and eventually the world by giving a young black girl a voice, once lost then freed to sing the song of all people.  Tell us when you read the book, why you read the book and what it meant to you, by using  #IKnowWhy Angelou Johnson family., "My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style." Maya Angelou
Check your mission today, live well.  Happy Monday -- the Angelou Johnson family., “Life is going to give you just what you put in it. Put your whole heart in everything you do, and pray, then you can wait.” -- Maya Angelou.  The Angelou Johnson family., How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate 
our heroes and she-roes!  Maya Angelou.  We continue to celebrate Women's History Month -- The Angelou Johnson family., For International Women's Day with pride and support. The Angelou Johnson family.
From Phenomenal Woman by Maya Angelou
...Now you understand just why my head's not bowed. I don't shout or jump about or have to talk real loud. When you see me passing
It ought to make you proud. I say, It's in the click of my heels,The bend of my hair, the palm of my hand, The need of my care,
'Cause I'm a woman Phenomenally. Phenomenal woman,
That's me., History, despite its  wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again." Maya Angelou.  As the sun rises on Selma we stand with all those acknowledging our history, Selma 1965, and moving forward. The Angelou Johnson family., We see human history as relevant each day of the year. Thank you My Fox NY for this segment on Dr. Maya Angelou.  Our matriarch's life work spanned your Black History Month celebration as well as our celebration of Women's History Month. Please view and enjoy this excellent segment, the Angelou Johnson family.
http://www.myfoxny.com/clip/11185422/black-history-special-part-4, Please accept our deepest apologies as our Facebook Page has been hacked. The Angelou Johnson family., We are extremely grateful of the honor that is being bestowed upon our matriarch as the U.S. Postal Service prepares a stamp in recognition of the life work of Dr. Maya Angelou.  More details to come, we’ll keep you posted.  The Angelou Johnson family., On this day, 50 years ago, Malcolm X was assassinated. He was 39 years young and we stand in memory with the family, friends and all those who recognize his contributions to the history of our country. The Angelou Johnson family., "The civil rights movement caught fire and lifted our country out of the doldrums and lifted us to even believe that we could have freedom, to even believe that we could have fair play, to even believe that we could eradicate this vulgarity called racism." -- Dr. Maya Angelou, 2011 recipient of the President’s Medal of Freedom and civil rights activist appointed by Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. as Northern Coordinator for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference.  Celebrating Black History Month. The Angelou Johnson family., Thank you for making the album Caged Bird Songs a part of your collection. Dance to the beats of social change. ♫ 
#CagedBirdSongs  http://smarturl.it/CagedBirdSongsiTunes.  The Angelou Johnson Family., Celebrate love today!  The Angelou Johnson Family.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8Gv7PwyeCk, A moment in Black History. In 1972, our matriarch played the role of former slave and successful seamstress Elizabeth Keckley. In the two-character Broadway play, "Look Away," Geraldine Page, played Mary Todd Lincoln, wife of President Abraham Lincoln. While delivering her lines our matriarch sewed, completing one dress each night.  The Angelou Johnson Family., "The more you know of your history, the more liberated you are...  African American history is American history."  Maya Angelou. 
We continue to celebrate Black History Month with this 2013 recording featuring interviews with Oprah Winfrey, Secretary General Kofi Annan, Alicia Keyes, Jennifer Hudson and Regina Taylor. 
The Angelou Johnson family.
https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, In celebration of Black History Month, we invite you to view these television episodes our matriarch hosted in1968.  Enjoy!  The Angelou Johnson Family. https://diva.sfsu.edu/collections/sfbatv/10287, "I know that when I pray, something wonderful happens. Not just to the person or persons for whom I'm praying, but also something wonderful happens to me. I'm grateful that I'm heard."  Maya Angelou. Be heard today. The Angelou Johnson Family., "Forgiveness. It's one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself, to forgive. Forgive everybody. You are relieved of carrying that burden of resentment. You really are lighter. You feel lighter. You just drop that." Maya Angelou.  Walk in your forgiveness today.  The Angelou Johnson Family., In 1960 our matriarch became the Northern Coordinator for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC) New York office. Working for Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., she also became a life long friend of Coretta Scott King. Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and the nation as we acknowledge the life of a great leader in civil rights.  The Angelou Johnson Family. Photo by Eugene Redmond., "If I just speak of my history, Maya Angelou, in time if I talk long enough, you will say that happened to me too. That happened to my mama, that happened to my father and sooner or later we’ll find that my history is your history."  Let's keep all history alive. Teach history to the children as we educate ourselves. The Angelou Johnson family., Our matriarch believed in Common’s ability to transform our thinking through, “his preferred language of hip-hop.” As family, we congratulate Common and John Legend on the Best Original Song Golden Globe win and Oscar Nomination from the movie ‘Selma.’ The Angelou Johnson family., "Hate. It has caused a lot of problems in this world, but it has not solved one yet."  Maya Angelou. We continue to stand for peace and justice. The Angelou Johnson family., “While I know myself as a creation of God, I am also obligated to realize and remember that everyone else and everything else are also God's creation.”  Maya Angelou.  
Continue the conversation about the movie Selma. The Angelou Johnson Family.  What are you marching for? Share it on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram using the hashtag #MarchOn
http://youtu.be/hn_N3rnqiXU, “It is impossible to struggle for civil rights, equal rights for blacks, without including whites. Because equal rights, fair play, justice, are all like the air: we all have it, or none of us has it. That is the truth of it.” Maya Angelou. 
Experience the truth of our history by seeing the movie Selma, it opens today!  The Angelou Johnson Family.  What are you marching for? Share it on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram using the hashtag #MarchOn  http://youtu.be/1hr0NR6CA9A, “History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again.” Maya Angelou. 
Get ready for a phenomenal movie as we appreciate our American History. Opening tomorrow in theaters around our country. The Angelou Johnson Family. #SelmaMovie  #MarchOn http://youtu.be/yEi7Rtc86-0, "If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded." Maya Angelou.  Let's ring in the New Year caring for one another.  The Angelou Johnson Family. Photo by Lisa Pacino., Spend time with family today and cherish all the elders in your life.  The Angelou Johnson Family.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYPfiPRGRD8, Over the hours of this day of celebration, we share with you our matriarch's poem, Amazing Peace. The Angelou Johnson Family.
“Amazing Peace: A Christmas Poem
By Dr. Maya Angelou
...We, Angels and Mortal's, Believers and Non-Believers,
Look heavenward and speak the word aloud.
Peace. We look at our world and speak the word aloud.
Peace. We look at each other, then into ourselves
And we say without shyness or apology or hesitation.

Peace, My Brother.
Peace, My Sister.
Peace, My Soul.”, Over the hours of this day of celebration, we share with you our matriarch's poem, Amazing Peace. The Angelou Johnson Family.
“Amazing Peace: A Christmas Poem
By Dr. Maya Angelou
...On this platform of peace, we can create a language
To translate ourselves to ourselves and to each other.

At this Holy Instant, we celebrate the Birth of Jesus Christ
Into the great religions of the world.
We jubilate the precious advent of trust.
We shout with glorious tongues at the coming of hope.
All the earth's tribes loosen their voices
To celebrate the promise of Peace., Over the hours of this day of celebration, we share with you our matriarch's poem, Amazing Peace. The Angelou Johnson Family.
“Amazing Peace: A Christmas Poem
By Dr. Maya Angelou
...We clap hands and welcome the Peace of Christmas.
We beckon this good season to wait a while with us.
We, Baptist and Buddhist, Methodist and Muslim, say come.
Peace.
Come and fill us and our world with your majesty.
We, the Jew and the Jainist, the Catholic and the Confucian,
Implore you, to stay a while with us.
So we may learn by your shimmering light
How to look beyond complexion and see community.

It is Christmas time, a halting of hate time., Over the hours of this day of celebration, we share with you our matriarch's poem, Amazing Peace. The Angelou Johnson Family.
“Amazing Peace: A Christmas Poem
By Dr. Maya Angelou
...In our joy, we think we hear a whisper.
At first it is too soft. Then only half heard.
We listen carefully as it gathers strength.
We hear a sweetness.
The word is Peace.
It is loud now. It is louder.
Louder than the explosion of bombs.

We tremble at the sound. We are thrilled by its presence.
It is what we have hungered for.
Not just the absence of war. But, true Peace.
A harmony of spirit, a comfort of courtesies.
Security for our beloveds and their beloveds., Over the hours of this day of celebration, we share with you our matriarch's poem, Amazing Peace. The Angelou Johnson Family.
“Amazing Peace: A Christmas Poem
By Dr. Maya Angelou

...Into this climate of fear and apprehension, Christmas enters,
Streaming lights of joy, ringing bells of hope
And singing carols of forgiveness high up in the bright air.
The world is encouraged to come away from rancor,
Come the way of friendship.

It is the Glad Season.
Thunder ebbs to silence and lightning sleeps quietly in the corner.
Flood waters recede into memory.
Snow becomes a yielding cushion to aid us
As we make our way to higher ground.

Hope is born again in the faces of children
It rides on the shoulders of our aged as they walk into their sunsets.
Hope spreads around the earth. Brightening all things,
Even hate which crouches breeding in dark corridors., Over the hours of this day of celebration, we share with you our matriarch's poem, Amazing Peace.  The Angelou Johnson Family.
“Amazing Peace: A Christmas Poem
By Dr. Maya Angelou
Thunder rumbles in the mountain passes
And lightning rattles the eaves of our houses.
Flood waters await us in our avenues.

Snow falls upon snow, falls upon snow to avalanche
Over unprotected villages.
The sky slips low and grey and threatening.

We question ourselves.
What have we done to so affront nature?
We worry God.
Are you there? Are you there really?
Does the covenant you made with us still hold?
..., Encouraging everyone in these times is important for us all. Please post tweet and share. The Angelou Johnson Family.
http://www.oprah.com/entertainment/Maya-Angelous-Harlem-Hopscotch-Official-Music-Video_1, "Everything in the universe has rhythm, everything dances!" Maya Angelou. Watch the new video “Harlem Hopscotch”! And make sure you enjoy the dance! The Angelou Johnson Family. 
http://www.oprah.com/entertainment/Maya-Angelous-Harlem-Hopscotch-Official-Music-Video @cagedbirdsongs
@nappytabs #cagedbirdsongs #HarlemHopscotch #MayaAngelou, Our matriarch encouraged us by saying “courage is the most important of all the virtues”.  Start this week with courage. Do it for yourself and for the children. The Angelou Johnson Family.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFq9hDNCHkk, “What is the soul?” “What is the lesson that’s taken you the longest to learn?” and “What do you know for sure?”  In a soul-stirring celebration Dr. Maya Angelou and other guests will be featured on the Super Soul Sunday Soul to Soul Special this evening, at 7pmET/6pmCT on OWN Oprah Winfrey Network! Check for your local listing. Have a wonderful Sunday! The Angelou Johnson Family., Friday through Monday, you know what to do! Blessings today and always. The Angelou Johnson Family.
http://youtu.be/ATmjiwtVvck?list=UUowCXhKPULDkFiec3Blckzg, We are in a season of change. Even our youth are aware. Great grand Caylin Johnson upholds our matriarch’s sentiments. The Angelou Johnson Family.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atmBmpkKqsI, Please read, view these amazing photos and listen the the album Caged Bird Song!  The Angelou Johnson Family. 

http://epaper.ardemgaz.com/Repository/ml.asp?Ref=QXJEZW1vY3JhdC8yMDE0LzEyLzE0I0FyMDQ1MDA=&Mode=Gif&Locale=english-skin, Enjoy your weekend and be a friend. The Angelou Johnson Family.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TX_WIK1YXqQ, "Love liberates!"  The Angelou Johnson Family. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8Gv7PwyeCk, Our Matriarch believed there was always time to teach and this lesson in particular.  The Angelou Johnson Family. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhDB69M8ajs&list=UUowCXhKPULDkFiec3Blckzg, “…I go forth alone, and stand as ten thousand.”  Maya Angelou. When the Orion returns to earth, it will have traveled the following poems; When Great Trees Fall, Our Grandmothers, On the Pulse of Morning, Phenomenal Woman, Brave & Startling Truth, And Still I Rise, Caged Bird, Weekend Glory and the book I Shall Not Be Moved throughout the universe continuing the legacy of us all! The Angelou Johnson Family., Our matriarch encouraged us to come together as a people, as a nation. The Angelou Johnson Family. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSxZ2Lfa420&list=UUowCXhKPULDkFiec3Blckzg&index=4, In this season and always may the timeless words of our matriarch continue.  The Angelou Johnson family. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSxZ2Lfa420, Continue to be blessed in this season, by all you say and all you do. Teach our youth to honor the season. The Angelou Johnson Family.  Brandon Johnson, great grandson of Dr. Maya Angelou. Please view.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acmxZXAQdvo, Thank you for responding to the quotes from Rainbow In the Cloud. In the spirit of this holiday season we want to share these quotes from our family with you.  The Angelou Johnson Family. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2318kmdxLo, In this season of giving we are pleased to announce the ribbon cutting ceremony to expand the Maya Angelou Public Charter Schools where high risk youth have been offered a second chance through education.  Find out more at http://www.mayaangelou.com/charities/see-forever-foundation-maya-angelou-public-charter-schools/, Dignity and respect for all! The Angelou Johnson Family.   Click here to vote on quotes from the book 'Rainbow In the Cloud: The Wisdom and Spirit of Maya Angelou'.
https://www.facebook.com/MayaAngelou/app_395471657150951, Honor the elders today! Click here to vote on quotes from the book Rainbow In the Cloud: The Wisdom and Spirit of Maya Angelou
https://www.facebook.com/MayaAngelou/app_395471657150951
The Angelou Johnson Family., We stand with Diane Sawyer and the Sawyer Nichols family as they mourn the loss of Michael Nichols.  Please note that the CBS Evening News will reschedule the segment on our matriarch and we will let you know when that segment will air.  Comfort and blessings to all those who mourn.  The Angelou Johnson Family., Join us tonight on the CBS Evening News with Scott Pelly for a segment with correspondent Michelle Miller on our matriarch and the new album Caged Bird Songs. The Angelou Johnson Family., Live in your amazement today. The Angelou Johnson Family.  Click here to vote on quotes from the book Rainbow In the Cloud: The Wisdom and Spirit of Maya Angelou.
https://www.facebook.com/MayaAngelou/app_395471657150951, "The truth in art sets us free from our ignorance."  Maya Angelou on Caged Bird Songs.  The Angelou Johnson Family., Practice self-forgiveness today! The Angelou Johnson Family.  Please vote on quotes from the book, ‘Rainbow In The Cloud: The Wisdom and Spirit of Maya Angelou’. Click here to vote
https://www.facebook.com/MayaAngelou/app_395471657150951, Let your story live! The Angelou Johnson Family.  Vote on quotes from the new book Rainbow In the Cloud: The Wisdom and Spirit of Maya Angelou click here to vote
https://www.facebook.com/MayaAngelou/app_395471657150951, Listen to the interview for the album Caged Bird Songs.  Our matriarch offered her poetry to mingle with music and inspire across generations! The Angelou Johnson Family.
http://www.npr.org/2014/11/10/362278556/why-the-caged-bird-raps, Draw from your heart today! The Angelou Johnson Family.  Vote on quotes from the new book 'Rainbow In The Cloud' by using this link. https://www.facebook.com/MayaAngelou/app_395471657150951, “The courage to confront evil and turn it by dint of will into something applicable to the development of our evolution, individually and collectively, is exciting, honorable.” Maya Angelou.  View the video from the 1988 conference on Facing Evil. Courtesy of Bill Moyers and Moyers Media. Scroll to the 2nd video. Be encouraged. The Angelou Johnson Family http://www.mayaangelou.com/media/bill-moyers/, We honor the courage and the service of our Veterans today. The Angelou Johnson Family.  Thank you for voting for your favorite quotes. https://www.facebook.com/MayaAngelou/app_395471657150951, Celebrating the 25th year of a wall free Germany! Be the change you need to be today. The Angelou Johnson Family. Vote on your favorite quote from Rainbow in The Cloud: The Wisdom and Spirit of Maya Angelou. Click here to vote! https://www.facebook.com/MayaAngelou/app_395471657150951, Thanks for voting on this selection of quotes from "Rainbow In The Cloud The Wisdom and Spirit of Maya Angelou. Have a great work day, the Angelou Johnson Family. 
https://www.facebook.com/MayaAngelou/app_395471657150951, Please vote for your favorite quotes from the book, "Rainbow In The Cloud".  Be someone's rainbow today.  The Angelou Johnson Family. https://www.facebook.com/MayaAngelou/app_395471657150951, The Album 'Caged Bird Songs,' is finally here!  In our matriarch's words it is a way to reach a new generation and keep pouring out to all of us with words and song "woven into the tapestry of our lives."  The Angelou Johnson Family. (http://smarturl.it/CagedBirdSongsiTunes), Thank you for voting, you are our inspiration! Let’s stay together and let’s stay inspired! Click this link to vote. And remember to go out tomorrow and vote in the elections. As our matriarch would say, "I am an America, this is our America."
https://www.facebook.com/MayaAngelou/app_395471657150951, Thank you for all your votes as we continue the legacy of inspiration from our matriarch with "Rainbow In The Cloud".  We stand for friendship. The Angelou Johnson Family. Click here to vote 
https://www.facebook.com/MayaAngelou/app_395471657150951, Please vote for your favorite quote and be a Rainbow In The Cloud for someone today! The Angelou Johnson Family. Click this link to vote.
https://www.facebook.com/MayaAngelou/app_395471657150951, “Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.” Maya Angelou.  Listen and enjoy. The Angelou Johnson Family., Today, "Rainbow In The Cloud", a collection of inspiring quotes, is being published by Random House.  Please vote on your favorite quote from one of 14 quotes selected from the book.  Read, vote, share, be inspired. The Angelou Johnson Family.  https://www.facebook.com/MayaAngelou/app_395471657150951, "Just do right. Right may not be expedient, it may not be profitable, but it will satisfy your soul. It brings you the kind of protection that bodyguards can’t give you." Maya Angelou  
The Angelou Johnson Family, "Pick up the battle and make it a better world just where you are. 
It can be better and it must be better, but it's up to us." -- Maya Angelou. Make it a better world today. The Angelou Johnson Family., null, …“Tired don’t mean lazy and every good-bye ain’t gone…  Hold stop don’t pity me, Hold stop your sympathy.  Understanding if you got it. Otherwise I’ll do without it...

Maya Angelou Meets Funk and Hip-Hop in “On Aging” Get ready for the album November 4th.  Follow Caged Bird Songs on Facebook.  Listen to the song and let us know your thoughts. The Angelou Johnson Family.

http://www.popmatters.com/post/187197-maya-angelou-meets-funk-and-hip-hop-in-on-aging-audio-premiere/, http://www.mayaangelou.com/media/bill-moyers/
This just in from grandson Elliott Jones- "Thank you for an amazing event of love, remembrance and celebration.  This has been the perfect homecoming and we thank the people of Arkansas and the cities of, Texarkana and Stamps for making it all possible."   If you were not at the celebration today join Bill Moyers and Maya Angelou on a 1982 trip to Stamps, Arkansas. The Angelou Johnson Family.
http://www.mayaangelou.com/media/bill-moyers/, Introducing a young Caylin Johnson and remembering how important it is to spend time with family.  Please visit Caged Bird Songs on Facebook for more information and photos for the upcoming album. Caged Bird Songs will be released November 4th. The Angelou Johnson Family., “The truth is you never can leave home. You take it with you everywhere you go. It’s under your skin. It moves the tongue or slows it, colors the thinking, impedes upon the logic.”  

As Stamps, Arkansas plans to honor our matriarch this weekend, we invite you to visit http://www.mayaangelou.com/media/bill-moyers/  
Please take time to view the Bill Moyers episode Returning Home with Maya Angelou  - The Angelou Johnson Family.
, "Family isn’t always blood, it’s the people in your life who want you in theirs: the ones who accept you for who you are, the ones who would do anything to see you smile and who love you no matter what.” Maya Angelou.  
Please join us at http://www.mayaangelou.com/family/ and if you have a photo with our matriarch please submit it for consideration on the website, the Angelou Johnson family. Photography by Lisa Pacino., Our matriarch was pleased to re-record her portion of this film, The Price of the Ticket, a documentary on the life of James Baldwin. The film's 16mm elements have been restored and the digital restoration will world premier in Washington, DC on Sunday. The film and discussion are open to the public. We understand that preservation is history. The Angelou Johnson family., If you are in or near Stamps, Arkansas, please attend the Celebrating Maya event on October 18th. It is open to the public.  For a wonderful television broadcast on our matriarch's years in Stamps, Arkansas please visit our website http://www.mayaangelou.com/media/bill-moyers/   Bill Moyers and Moyer's Media has graciously allowed us to place the video on our site.  The Angelou Johnson family., Today the Angelou Johnson family stand in faith with brother friend of our family Rashid (Common) Lynn as he and the family lay to rest Lonnie "Pops" Lynn in Chicago., "There ain`t no words for what I feel / about a pretty face/ But if I stay I just might miss / a prettier one some place."

Listen to the world premiere of "Pickin' Em Up" off the forthcoming "Caged Bird Songs" album exclusively on Yahoo Music! http://bit.ly/PickinEmUp, "There is nothing greater you can say to God than thank you" - Maya Angelou. 
For all our friends and family that will gather in London at the Royal Festival Hall to celebrate the life of Maya Angelou this evening, we stand in agreement.  Thank you, the Angelou Johnson family. http://www.southbankcentre.co.uk/whatson/maya-angelou-a-celebration-86361  , Today poet and close sister friend of Maya Angelou, Mari Evans turns 95 years young. The Angelou Johnson family celebrates poetry and life! This photo was taken by Eugene Redmond a family friend also in the photo., As our matriarch would often say, "This is a beautiful day, I've never seen this one before." See the day -- The Angelou Johnson family., "Both feet flat, the game is done. They think I lost, I think I won." -- Maya Angelou   
If you enjoyed "Still I Rise," you can listen to the world premiere of "Harlem Hopscotch" from @CagedBirdSongs it's on VIBE. http://www.vibe.com/article/premiere-maya-angelou-harlem-hopscotch  Thank you for continuing to support our matriarch's spoken word - the Angelou Johnson family., "Every person deserves a day away in which no problems are confronted, no solutions searched for.  On that day we need to withdraw from the cares which will not withdraw from us."  Maya Angelou -- The Angelou Johnson Family, “Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.” - Maya Angelou - You can listen to "Still I Rise" and pre-order the album that will be released on November 4th by visiting http://www.mayaangelou.com/media/caged-bird-songs/, “My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.” -- Maya Angelou 
 Live in passion, compassion, humor and style today.  The Angelou Johnson family., Maya Angelou was working on a new spoken word project set to music that will be released posthumously on November 4th. The goal – to satisfy fans and reach younger generations by putting poetry to music.  Please read the article and listen to “Still I Rise” – with vocals by the group Az Yet headed up by Shawn Rivera. The Angelou Johnson family.
http://blogs.wsj.com/speakeasy/2014/09/22/maya-angelou-previews-posthumous-album-with-still-i-rise-exclusive-premiere/
, On Friday September 12th, Random House, Maya Angelou's publisher since1969, joined by the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture hosted a wonderful New York Memorial. The literary and greater New York community along with family and friends worshipped at Riverside Church.  We want to thank all the organizers, speakers and everyone who watched the livestream or sat quietly in the pew.  Over the next few days we will post some of the articles and photos from this time in New York. If you did not view the celebration and would like to please visit http://www.mayaangelou.com/memorial-service
The Angelou Johnson Family, "One person standing on the Word of God is a majority." - Maya Angelou as quoted by Guy B. Johnson during the New York Memorial held at Riverside Church today., The New York Memorial for Maya Angelou is being broadcast on http://mayaangelou.com/  Toni Morrison and Professor Nikki Giovanni will speak after former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.  Continue to pray with the family. Thank you for all your thoughts and prayers. The Angelou Johnson family., The New York Memorial for Maya Angelou is being broadcast on http://mayaangelou.com/. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is speaking now., The New York Memorial for Maya Angelou is being broadcast on http://mayaangelou.com, Today in honor of our matriarch, join the celebration at Riverside Church in New York on-line. Visit www.mayaangelou.com livestream of the services begin at 11 a.m. EST.  Visit every page.  In time we hope to house all things Maya Angelou., Join the Angelou Johnson family today as the literary community celebrates the Life of Maya Angelou. Random House has provided a Memorial service with words from Professor Nikki Giovanni and Toni Morrison.  You can view the service at the new www.mayaangelou.com website at 11 a.m. EST., The Angelou Johnson family remember all those who remember September 11th. We share a post from Maya Angelou on September 11, 2012.  "I'm grateful to be an American. I am grateful that we can be angry at the terrorist assault and at the same time be intelligent enough not to hold a grudge against every Arab and every Muslim.", "Imagine, I've had so many rainbows in my clouds. I've had a lot of clouds, but I've had so many rainbows."  Be a rainbow in someone's cloud today -- The Angelou Johnson Family., Have a wonderful weekend! In the words of our matriarch, "Give yourself time just to be with yourself."  
We are beginning the countdown for something wonderful for Maya Angelou fans! Stay tuned -- the Angelou Johnson family., I love a statement by the apostle Paul, in the Book of Philippians in the Bible. "If there be anything of good report, speak of these things." That's one of my principles.  It's another discipline that I encourage myself to employ as much as possible, say the courteous thing, and then be it.  Maya Angelou -- posted by the Angelou Johnson family., As part of the 66th Primetime Emmy’s Memoriam segment, OWN Oprah Winfrey Network, provided a brief and most beautiful clip from the Maya Angelou – Oprah interview on “Oprah’s Master Class”. The Memoriam segment airs tonight August 25th on NBC. To all those who are remembering loved ones, we join you in gratitude and celebration for lives well lived and memories that continue. 
The Angelou Johnson Family, “…I note the obvious differences between each sort and type, but we are more alike, my friends, than we are unalike. We are more alike, my friends, than we are unalike. We are more alike, my friends, than we are unalike…” Maya Angelou, While we do not know what our well and outspoken matriarch would have posited concerning the death of Michael Brown, we know that condolences to the family, the town and the nation would have been offered. As the family, the residents of Ferguson, Missouri and our country prepare for the funeral of Michael Brown; the Angelou Johnson family offers our deepest sympathy. 
Guy B. Johnson -- Colin A. Johnson -- Elliott Jones, My grandmother would sometimes use her index finger and thumb to pinch her lips together, then look at a person who wanted advice or was telling a story about something they had done and recite an old West African proverb. “Hold your weapon.” Colin A. Johnson., As we remember Freedom Summer, it was this week, 50 years ago that the bodies of three young men--Andrew Goodman, Mickey Schwerner, and James Chaney--were unearthed in Mississippi. Their lives given for freedom represented the joined hands of many races in this country fighting for justice. In the spirit of Dr. Maya Angelou, the Angelou Johnson family post the following quote from the forward of the book My Mantelpiece:  A Memoir of Survival and Social Justice., "You can only become accomplished at something you truly love.  Don't make money your goal.  Instead, pursue the things you love doing, and do them so well, people can't take their eyes off of you."  Maya Angelou
Start the work-week inspired -- The Angelou Johnson Family, The Maya Angelou Johnson Family thank you for your support of the James Baldwin street naming event in New York City on August 2nd.  When you visit Harlem and view the sign for James Baldwin Place, located on West 128th Street, know that you a part of history. We send love to the entire Baldwin family, recognize the National Black Theatre in Harlem for hosting the ceremony and all those who made this celebration possible.The renaming celebration was an amazing event!  Colin A. Johnson, grandson., Sometimes a woman needs a man who is a brother friend more than she needs a romantic attachment. She needs someone who is 
strong enough to say to her, "Say baby, the way you acted the other night, that's not right, or that wasn't the swiftest thing you could do." At the same time she needs him to be strong enough to say, "Hey baby that was so brilliant, I am so proud of you, you were wonderful!" Maya Angelou  
The 90th Birthday Celebration of James Baldwin with a street naming takes place today in New York City., The 90th Birthday Celebration of James Baldwin takes place today in New York City. 
10:00 AM - Photograph at the Historic Apollo Theatre
12:00 PM - Street Naming Ceremony at 128th Street
  3:00 PM - Reading of “The Fire Next Time” National Black Theatre 2031 Fifth Ave.
James Baldwin encouraged Maya Angelou to write, “I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings.  “The truth is (my editor) talked to James Baldwin, my brother friend and Jimmy told him that ‘if you want Maya Angelou to do something, tell her she can’t do it.' Maya Angelou.
Join the celebration! #Baldwin90, Maya Angelou and James Baldwin at a party in Beverly Hills, California in the late 1960’s. Angelou-Johnson Archives. 
James Baldwin became Maya Angelou’s second brother, a life long brother friend. The 90th Birthday Celebration of James Baldwin takes place today in New York City., In the early days after Maya Angelou's transition, the Angelou Johnson Family received food and flowers.  We continue to receive, donations for charities, cards, letters, phone calls of condolences as well as proclaimations from U.S. officials and officials and citizens internationally.  We deeply appreciate your condolences and thank you for your expressions of love and generosity.  We have decided to continue Maya Angelou's official facebook page and will keep you posted with quotes as well as upcoming events and information.  Again, thank you for your heartfelt expressions.
The Angelou Johnson Family, Nothing can dim the light which shines from within. 
At 10 a.m. EST, many of your local stations and national stations will provide coverage of the Maya Angelou Memorial service.  Please check your local listings, view the entire service on OWN Oprah Winfrey Network, or watch the memorial through the internet at http://new.livestream.com/wfu/angelou
, You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them.
The family of Dr. Maya Angelou continues to thank you for your generosity. In lieu of flowers please make a donation to the Maya Angelou Center for Health Equity through Wake Forest University. The center is working to enhance quality outcomes in six target areas: infant mortality, cancer screening and management, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, HIV/AIDS, and immunizations. Initially focused on African Americans, Hispanics/Latinos, and American Indians, the expertise developed at The Maya Angelou Center for Health Equity will position it as a key national resource to reduce the gap in health disparities for an increasingly diverse society.
https://secure.www.wfu.edu/giving?designation=other&comment=Maya+Angelou+Center+for+Health+Equity
, I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.

OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network will simulcast Dr. Maya Angelou’s private memorial service in celebration of her legacy. The broadcast begins this Saturday, June 7 at 10 a.m. ET / 7 a.m. PT on OWN. The memorial service will also be available to view on Oprah.com at www.Oprah.com/MayaAngelou., I believe that each of us comes from the creator trailing wisps of glory.

Please join the family and friends of Dr. Maya Angelou through the livestream of her memorial service, at 10 a.m. EST. http://new.livestream.com/wfu/angelou
, OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network will simulcast Dr. Maya Angelou’s private memorial service in celebration of her legacy. The broadcast begins this Saturday, June 7 at 10 a.m. ET / 7 a.m. PT on OWN. The memorial service will also be available to view on Oprah.com at www.Oprah.com/MayaAngelou., The family of Dr. Maya Angelou continues to thank you for your generosity. In lieu of flowers please make a donation to the Maya Angelou Center for Health Equity through Wake Forest University. The center is working to enhance quality outcomes in six target areas: infant mortality, cancer screening and management, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, HIV/AIDS, and immunizations. Initially focused on African Americans, Hispanics/Latinos, and American Indians, the expertise developed at The Maya Angelou Center for Health Equity will position it as a key national resource to reduce the gap in health disparities for an increasingly diverse society.
https://secure.www.wfu.edu/giving?designation=other&comment=Maya%20Angelou%20Center%20for%20Health%20Equity
, Please join the family and friends of Dr. Maya Angelou through the livestream of her memorial service, Saturday June 7th at 10 a.m. EST.  http://new.livestream.com/wfu/angelou, THE OBITUARY OF DR. MAYA ANGELOU
Dr. Maya Angelou was born to Vivian Baxter and Bailey Johnson in St. Louis, Missouri on April 4, 1928. She passed to her Heavenly Reward quietly on May 28, 2014 in her home in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. She is survived by her son, daughter-in-law, two grandsons and two great-grandchildren, a nephew, a niece, grandnieces, great-grandnieces, grandnephews, great-grandnephews and a host of beloveds.

From the time she was a child, Dr. Angelou proved that she was a unique individual with amazing commitment and focus. The birth of her son when she was seventeen did not prevent her from continuing in pursuit of her dreams for a creative career. From her start as a singer in San Francisco’s Purple Onion and Hungry I in 1953 to the installation of her portrait in the Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery in Washington, D.C. in 2014, she was continuously on a dramatic, musical or political stage.

She was a dancer, a singer, an actress, a poet, a writer, a magazine editor, a playwright, a film director as well as a college lecturer, full Professor and a fearless, outspoken activist. She never let her various vocations inhibit her activism or her willingness to speak out against injustice and inequality. She performed in a number of major productions. She was in both the 1954 International Touring Company and the subsequent movie of Porgy and Bess. She was also in the 1977 television series of Alex Haley’s Roots and in the 1995 film How to make an American Quilt. She was in too many other productions to name. She directed the films Georgia, Georgia and Down in the Delta.

Her first book, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, was published in 1970. She went on to write thirty-five other books including autobiographies, poetry and essays. A number of her works were best sellers and were published in number of languages.

Throughout her life Dr. Angelou’s activism never flagged or waned. In 1959, during the height of the Civil Rights Movement, she headed the New York office of Dr. Martin Luther King’s Southern Christian Leadership Conference. Next, she worked for the Arab Observer News Magazine in Cairo, Egypt, which was the premiere English language magazine in the Middle East. Later she moved to Ghana and met Malcolm X. She returned to the United States to work for him, but he was assassinated four days after her arrival in New York. She continued to be voice of humanity, speaking out against anything that fettered the human spirit. Her life and her body of literary work trumpet the importance of love, tolerance and forgiveness. She was a warrior for truth, justice and love., The Maya Angelou Family continues to extend our gratitude to all of you for all of your thoughts and prayers.
Due to limited seating capacity, we have decided to have a closed service for family and friends. Wake Forest University will livestream the service on  June 7th at 10 a.m. EST. Please check facebook and twitter on June 6th and we will post the link and continue to keep us in your thoughts and prayers., http://www.oprah.com/oprahdotcom/OWN-Remembers-Dr-Maya-Angelou, If you are in Winston Salem, NC, there is a spontaneous memorial at Mt. Zion Church on Martin Luther King and File Streets., There will be a tribute to Dr. Maya Angelou tonight beginning at 7:30 p.m. EST on BET., Thursday, May 28, 2014
Statement from Dr. Maya Angelou’s Family:
Dr. Maya Angelou passed quietly in her home before 8:00 a.m. EST.  Her family is extremely grateful that her ascension was not belabored by a loss of acuity or comprehension.  She lived a life as a teacher, activist, artist and human being.  She was a warrior for equality, tolerance and peace.  The family is extremely appreciative of the time we had with her and we know that she is looking down upon us with love.
Guy B. Johnson, And now we come to the day where we can honor the brave men and women who have risked their lives to honor our country and our principles. Our history is rife with citizens who care and who are courageous enough to say we care for those who went before us., An unexpected medical emergency caused me the greatest disappointment of having to cancel my visit to the Major League Baseball Civil Rights Game ceremony. I am so proud to be selected as its honoree.  However, my doctors told me it would be unadvisable for me to travel at that time. My thanks to Robin Roberts for speaking up for me and thank you for all your prayers. I am each day better., Listen to yourself and in that quietude you might hear the voice of God., For the 25th Anniversary of The Seat of the Soul by Gary Zukav, I recorded this audio preface. Please listen and enjoy, then read the 25th Anniversary Edition of The Seat of the Soul.  http://vimeo.com/95555905, Happy Mother’s Day to all the mothers, the family and everyone you love and everyone who loves you., Each one of these girls is our daughter, our sister, our niece, our aunt and our mother. The future of Nigeria and Africa and New York and Europe and the United States etcetera, etcetera, is threatened by the robbing of these young women’s future. We must have our darlings back so that we can help them to heal from this horror., From the poem Our Grandmothers
...Centered on the world's stage, she sings to her loves and beloveds, to her foes and detractors: However I am perceived and deceived, however my ignorance and conceits, lay aside your fears that I will be undone, for I shall not be moved., The Holy Spirit upon my left leads my feet without ceasing into the camp of the righteous and into the tents of the free., I have a certain way of being in this world, and I shall not, I shall not be moved., It is the 25th anniversay of Gary Zukav's book, the Seat of the Soul.  After reading Zukav's book for the 10th time, I still found it outrageous. I suggest to the new Zukav reader to draw close to share this book with someone who has firm nerve and a wonderful sense of humor., The idea of overcoming is always fascinating to me. It's fascinating because few of us realize how much energy we have expended just to be here today. I don't think we give ourselves enough credit for the overcoming., I agreed a long time ago, I would not live at any cost. If I am moved or forced away from what I think is the right thing, I will not do it. Yes, you must be agile and willing, but if one is being asked to contradict, you must remember there is different in manner, but not different in meaning., I am grateful for the honor of having a portrait created and unveiled at the Smithsonian's National Portrait Gallery and for all of those who made this day of honor possible. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2597846/Oprah-Winfrey-helps-greatest-teacher-Dr-Maya-Angelou-celebrate-86th-birthday-unveiling-portrait.html, Let the brain go to work, let it meet the heart and you will be able to forgive., Surrounded by friends and family, I am 86 years young today! It is blessing. Thank you for your warm wishes. I am grateful to the Creator for the blessing of long life., It gives me great pleasure to be the honorary chair of the National Museum of African Art’s national campaign as the museum celebrates its 50th anniversary. To celebrate African art is to celebrate our shared humanity. I want everyone to visit the museum to enjoy the wonderful exhibitions, performances, workshops and lectures. After your worship service today, if you are in the Washington DC area why not visit the National Museum of African Art? When you visit our nation's capital, you have an open invitation.  Until then, like the Museum on Facebook. Learn about our world. https://www.facebook.com/si.africanart , I am participating in "Throw Back Thursday," Let's celebrate the 50th anniversary of the National Museum of African Art at the Smithsonian! Art informs us all.
http://africa.si.edu/50years/) , Let me remind all women that we live longer and better lives when we have sisters we love, not necessarily born in our bloodline or of our race. Sisters. My sister-friend civil rights activist the late Dorothy Height., The quality of strength lined with tenderness is an unbeatable combination., When we decide to be happy we accept the responsibility to bring happiness to someone else. Some decide that happiness and glee are the same thing, they are not.  When we choose happiness we accept the responsibility to lighten the load of someone else and to be a light on the path to another who may be walking in darkness.  #happyacts, I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel., The ache for home lives in all of us, the safe place where we can go as we are and not be questioned., To my surprise and delight, Oprah, Stedman and Gayle came by to approve my recovery.  I am grateful to God for love and the over 100,000 prayers, shares and likes and comments.  I am strong and smiling a lot. Thank you., Thank you for all your prayers, I am going from strength to strength!, I am so sorry I cannot be with the University Medical Center Foundation of El Paso, TX and the El Paso Children’s Hospital. After an unfortunate bout of illness and a short hospitalization, I am resting comfortably at home and it is recommended that I do not travel at this time. Please continue to pray for me.  I am blessed by your thoughts and concerns., Join Oprah Winfrey and I on Super Soul Sunday.  Check your local listings., Thank you Atlanta for a wonderful Woman 2 Woman conference! Everyone can join me for an encore presentation of my conversations with Oprah on Super Soul Sunday check your local listings., Black history is our history. Our program features contributions from Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, Kofi Annan, Regina Taylor and Oprah Winfrey and is on I-tunes. http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/, Join me this Sunday for an encore! Super Soul Sunday on OWN. Check your local listings., History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again., May you continue to enjoy all history. We are enlarged by knowing each other. https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, “Remember this, when you step over my door sill, you’ve been raised.  You know the difference between right and wrong, do right.”  Vivian Baxter, my mother, from the book Mom&Me&Mom. Let us all remember and do right. http://www.amazon.com/Mom-Me-Maya-Angelou/dp/1400066115, Thank you for all your requests. While I did not record a Black History Month Special for 2014, you may download last year's “Telling Our Stories”. Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, Kofi Annan, Regina Taylor and Oprah Winfrey, remind us all that Black History is our history. 

https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, I am grateful to have been loved and to be loved now and to be able to love, because love liberates.  Love liberates it doesn’t just hold, that’s ego, love liberates!, I do not believe the N word should be used at all. Young Trevor Baldwin, or T. Better Baldwin as he is known in some circles, the nephew of my late great brother friend James Baldwin has determined a way to reach his generation is to call on all social media to recognize that there is no N in February. He has penned an article to discuss the issue.  I have not read it in its entirety and while I agree that there is no N in February, I disagree that the word is ever appropriate. Whether there is an N in any month does not matter.  It is time to retire the N word and rely on our vocabulary to speak to people without calling them any racial pejorative at all. http://globalgrind.com/2014/01/20/aint-no-n-word-in-feb-by-t-better-baldwin, Thank you, always say thank you; it's the greatest gift you can give someone; because thank you is what you say to God., Over 1 million people from all over the world have viewed the U.S. State Department's video release of His Day Is Done A Nelson Mandela Tribute. Within 24 hours the video was released in 16 languages.  I continue to receive radio requests to discuss the life of our brother, father and son who honored all people with forgiveness and hope. Let us all continue to honor each other with forgiveness and hope. http://www.amazon.com/His-Day-Is-Done-Mandela/dp/0812997018, If you are always trying to be normal, you will never know how amazing you can be., If you missed my discussion on Aches and Gains with Dr. Paul Christo on Saturday morning, you can access the podcast at http://www.paulchristomd.com/maya-angelous-triumph-over-pain/.  Dr. Christo and I talked about coping with pain and how the process of writing can help heal and comfort. , Today, Facebook is a precocious ten-year-old. For all the unions, reunions and a new way to reach all of you, I am grateful.  Happy first decade to all of us and many more., Early in the century, Momma (we soon stopped calling her Grandmother) sold lunches to the sawmen in the lumberyard and the seedmen at the cotton gin. Her crisp meat pies and cool lemonade, when joined to her miraculous ability to be in two places at the same time assured her business success. -- From I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings, published 1969. Celebrate family, all families, welcome to Black History Month., On Saturday, February 1st at 8 a.m. EST Dr. Paul Christo and I discuss my newest book, Mom & Me & Mom.  As I live from strength to strength we will also discuss how I move beyond chronic knee pain. Let us all age gracefully and continue to promote health. Join me on Aches and Gains with Dr. Paul Christo on Sirius radio’s Family Talk channel 131 Saturday from 8 a.m. to 9 a.m., I continue to join radio hosts as we discuss HIS DAY IS DONE a poem I wrote in honor of the international icon and champion for peace, Nelson Mandela. It has been a great loss but we did have him. Let us take a moment to celebrate Mandela’s courageous spirit and his commitment to forgiveness. WGTD-FM Milwaukee, WI 9:00 a.m. CST, 9:30 a.m. EST Cincinnati, OH,  11:00 a.m. WABC-AM with Geraldo Rivera Show, and Clear Channel's 247 Entertainment at 11:30 a.m.
http://www.amazon.com/His-Day-Is-Done-Mandela/dp/0812997018, Join me on radio this morning as hosts and I discuss Nelson Mandela and His Day Is Done, a poetic tribute to our esteemed leader and friend.  Cleveland, Ohio’s WMJI-FM at 9:10 EST, WBZ-AM in Boston at 9:30 EST and continue to check for times across the country. 
http://www.amazon.com/His-Day-Is-Done-Mandela/dp/0812997018, I agree with the lyrics written by Mark D. Sanders and Tia Sillers, and recorded by country singer Lee Ann Womack with Sons of the Desert. “...If you have the chance to sit it out or dance, I hope you dance.”, I wish a splendid happy pre-birthday for my darling Oprah.  I know tomorrow is her birthday; I’m just getting a jump on it., There were times when it was said that I had more determination than talent. This may be said of many. It may also be said that life loves the person who dares to live it., Nelson Mandela's gift to the world was his ability to forgive. Thank you to the more than one million that have viewed the reading of HIS DAY IS DONE on line. The tribute is now available with photos. 
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0812997018?ie=UTF8&tag=randohouseinc-20&linkCode=as2&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=0812997018
, If you were unable to see the celebration of Martin Luther King Jr. or hear the segment I shared with Arsenio Hall on his program last night, please follow the link below. Let's continue to see past complexion and see community. https://share.mediasilo.com/#quicklink/B620F3FBA85D43D04EAC03AF391FC78E, Join us tonight as Arsenio Hall and I discuss and celebrate the wonderful legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Please check your local listings for the exact time and channel in your location.
http://www.arseniohall.com/, It is a great blessing to have lived in a time of Martin Luther King Jr., when forgiveness and generosity of spirit encouraged our citizenry to work for a better world for everybody., I am very grateful to have been born with a positive attitude. My mother, grandmother and brother told me I was worth getting up and being resilient.  In the family you are on the child’s side, you are their support. Recently, I had the pleasure of being interviewed for Jill Osborn’s book, An Ordinary Town: Extraordinary Neighbors. It is about a community that comes together and calls on the power of prayer. We are family. We are community. Continue., We are not our brother’s keeper we are our brother and we are our sister. We must look past complexion and see community., Nothing will work unless you do., Blessings as we journey into the New Year with gratitude.
Join me on The George Stroumboulopoulos Tonight Show on CBC at 7:00 PM and 11:30 PM E.S.T. www.strombo.com, Christ came so that we might have life and have it more abundantly. I am grateful for the abundance., From Amazing Peace: A Christmas Poem

Thunder rumbles in the mountain passes
And lightning rattles the eaves of our houses.
Flood waters await us in our avenues.

Snow falls upon snow, falls upon snow to avalanche
Over unprotected villages.
The sky slips low and grey and threatening.

We question ourselves.
What have we done to so affront nature?
We worry God.
Are you there? Are you there really?
Does the covenant you made with us still hold?

Into this climate of fear and apprehension, Christmas enters,
Streaming lights of joy, ringing bells of hope
And singing carols of forgiveness high up in the bright air.
The world is encouraged to come away from rancor,
Come the way of friendship..., Join me and Oprah Winfrey with a roster of guests for Super Soul Sunday - “Soul to Soul 2: Asking Life’s Big Questions” tomorrow December 22 at 11 a.m. ET/PT on OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network., When you see them 
on a freeway hitching rides
wearing beads
with packs by their sides
you ought to ask 
what’s all the
warring and the jarring
and the
killing and
the thrilling
all about.

Take Time Out.

When you see him
with a band around his head
and an army surplus bunk
that makes his bed
you’d better ask
what’s all the
beating and 
the cheating and 
the bleeding and 
the needing
all about.

Take Time Out.

When you see her walking
barefoot in the rain
and you know she’s tripping
on a one-way train
you need to ask
what’s all the
lying and the
dying and
the running and
the gunning 
all about.

Take Time Out.

Use a minute
feel some sorrow
for the folks
who thinks tomorrow
is a place that they
can call up
on the phone.
take a month
and show some kindness
for the folks
who thought that blindness
was an illness that
affected eyes alone.

If you know that youth
is dying on the run
and my daughter trades
dope stories with your son
we’d better see
what all our 
fearing and our 
jeering and our
crying and
our lying
brought about.

Take Time Out., Please join me and several guests including Tina Turner on the season finale of @SuperSoulSunday on @OWNTV at 11am ET/PT, Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope., http://www.nbcnews.com/id/3032608/vp/53772488#53772488  When Mandela walked out of prison smiling, I was proud to be a human being., https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqQzjit7b1w&feature=share&list=UU6ZhpmNnLxlOYipqh8wbM3A, The world has lost a friend.  A giant has fallen. Nelson Mandela was a friend of mine; we first met in Egypt in 1961. I was present at his inauguration in Pretoria, South Africa. We met in the United States whenever he was visiting. I know that he had great courage and great love, enough courage to tell a friend when he or she was wrong and enough courage to love them even if they were wrong.  He had the ability to forgive the apartheid guard that watched over him 27 years and invite him to his inauguration.  I am grateful that we have had such a great teacher and a great friend., Let gratitude be the pillow upon which you kneel to say your nightly prayer. And let faith be the bridge you build to overcome evil and welcome good., Happy Thanksgiving. I am truly grateful. I’m grateful for being here, for being able to think, for being able to see, for being able to taste, for appreciating love -- for knowing that it exists in a world so rife with vulgarity, with brutality and violence, and yet love exists. I’m grateful to know that it exists. And I’m grateful to know it exists in me, and I’m able to share it with so many people. God bless you and yours., I’ll protest like the dickens, but I don’t complain. After hearing someone complain my grandmother would say, "There are people all over the world, black and white, rich and poor, who went to sleep when that person went to sleep, and they have never awakened. … They would give anything for five minutes of what that person was complaining about.", If you missed the interview for ABC this morning please view the interview from the internet. I enjoyed discussing my latest book Mom & Me & Mom, singing calypso and the opportunity to reiterate that forgiveness is the answer.
http://news.yahoo.com/blogs/power-players-abc-news/maya-angelou-forgiveness-is-the-answer-134157857.html, A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song., Forgiveness is the greatest gift you can give yourself. Join me this Sunday morning on ABC’s This Week with George Stephanopoulos, I’ll be reading from Mom & Me & Mom. Check ABC for your local show time. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=630593700317409&set=a.295492840494165.67717.295479040495545&type=1, My wish for you is that you continue. Continue to be who and how you are, to astonish a mean world with your acts of kindness. Continue to allow humor to lighten the burden of your tender heart., Once when Oprah Winfrey was upset by a story in a tabloid I encouraged her to understand, “You’re not in it. People will try to peck to you death like a duck but you're not in it.” That is my advise to all of you when others dare to disgrace your name. Join us this Sunday, November 17 on OWN at 12:00pm ET/PT for a conversation from 1993, as truth, it is as relevant today., Please join me this Sunday, November 17 on OWN for The Best of the Oprah Show : Conversations with Oprah: Maya Angelou at 12:00pm ET/PT on OWN., My wish for you is joy. When you wish someone joy, you wish peace, love, prosperity, health, happiness... all the good things., We are all veterans today.  There is not one of us who can say we didn't have a father, a brother, a cousin, an aunt, a sister, a friend... who served or serves in the military.  Veterans represent us and when necessary fight for us, let us represent and fight for each other., Continue to plant a kiss of concern on the cheek of the sick and the aged and infirm and count that actions as natural and to be expected., Grateful to share in this campaign., http://myfox8.com/2013/11/01/maya-angelou-to-speak-at-wake-forest-nov-6/, If you are in or near Winston-Salem on Wednesday join me at Wake Forrest University for a conversation with Dr. Johnnetta Cole and Ed Wilson as we support and celebrate the national Dignity and Respect Campaign., Have enough courage to love., Thank you for all your kind words and thoughts as I am getting ready for tonight's Norman Mailer Center's 5th Annual Benefit Gala and receiving the Lifetime Achievement Prize. Grateful., If you are in NY, join me for an Evening of Hand Written Poems Engraved and Painted on Glass.  "A Brave and Startling Truth"  and "In and Out of Time", tonight from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m at ACA GALLERIES  529 W. 20th Street 5th Floor. 212-206-8080  E-info@acagalleries.com, Thank you for the opportunity to speak on courage. Increase your courage. Continue.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmbWrff-RFA&feature=share, It is my blessing to support children who have autism and the families of children with autism.  Join me and be a part of ABC of NC's Gourmet Lunchbox Luncheon this year. On Tuesday, November 5th 2013 I will be speaking at their annual fundraiser. If it is possible for you to join us please contact Casey Raymer at casey.raymer@abcofnc.org or 336.251.1180 ext.116. I am proud to be of use for a cause so great in a city I love, Winston-Salem, NC., It is with great honor that I am accepting the Norman Mailer Center’s Lifetime Achievement Award at the Norman Mailer Center’s Fifth Annual Benefit Gala, in a partnership with Van Cleef & Arpels.  I’m proud to be honored by such a distinguished organization that fosters the creativity and supports the work of emerging poets, writers and journalists.  “With the pride of the artist, you must blow against the walls of every power that exists the small trumpet of your defiance.” – Norman Mailer., Let me tell so much truth. I want to tell the truth in my work.  The truth will lead me to all., Dignity—the word itself—has come to mean different things to different people, as many words do. It doesn't just mean always being stiff and composed. It means a belief in oneself, that one is worthy of the best. Dignity means that what I have to say is important, and I will say it when it's important for me to say it. Dignity really means that I deserve the best treatment I can receive. And that I have the responsibility to give the best treatment I can to other people., It was my blessing to be interviewed by Educational Leadership.  Please read the interview and enjoy the audio excerpt. 
http://www.ascd.org/publications/educational-leadership/sept13/vol71/num01/Handle-with-Care@-A-Conversation-with-Maya-Angelou.aspx, I'm not sure if resilience is ever achieved alone. Experience allows us to learn from example. But if we have someone who loves us—I don't mean who indulges us, but who loves us enough to be on our side—then it's easier to grow resilience, to grow belief in self, to grow self-esteem. And it's self-esteem that allows a person to stand up., It is my blessing to share a wonderful time with family and friends in Washington DC. As the recipient of the Congressional Black Caucus "A Lifetime Achievement Award" sponsored by AFLAC, I am grateful and over the moon!, http://articles.washingtonpost.com/2013-09-05/entertainment/41781709_1_maya-angelou-national-book-award-literarian-award

I'm getting an award from the National Book Foundation for lifetime achievement of service to the community! It's a blessing. It's incredible., Thank you for the outpouring of good wishes as you watched Super Soul Sunday this past Sunday on OWN, Oprah Winfrey Network.  For the original airing and the encore, I remain over the moon with the program, my interview with Oprah Winfrey and your well wishes and response!, What I have always wanted is to be of use. I will not be abused. I will not be misused, not willingly. But I will be of use. Anybody who is not of use is useless., The news came as sweet relief that President Mandela was released from the hospital. He stands as a figure to all people in the world as a human being who knows the difference between forgiving and condoning., It is wonderful to celebrate people who work. I don’t know what to say to people who do not work.  It is terrible to want to work, but not find work that wants you., I was delighted to be on Brian Lehrer's show on WNYC in April and over the moon Mr. Lehrer and his producers decided to air excerpts from the show again today.  Please visit to listen to our time together. http://www.wnyc.org/shows/bl/2013/apr/02/maya-angelou-her-two-moms/, It was my delight to speak with Anderson Cooper.
http://ac360.blogs.cnn.com/2013/08/28/web-exclusive-andersons-conversation-with-dr-maya-angelou/?hpt=ac_mid, Please join me for a conversation with UNC-TV and thank you for all your kind words, thoughts and outpouring of support for our country. http://video.unctv.org/video/2365070170/, Please join me tonight Wednesday, 8/28 at 7:30pm EST on UNC-TV's, North Carolina Now for some reflections on the March on Washington and my relationship with Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Malcolm X and where we go from here.  Please join me., Please join me on CNN at 2 p.m. EST., I, with millions of other Americans, have the same dream Martin Luther King Jr. had; when I wake up I wish some of the things I dreamt would be true.  I wish that little black and white boys and girls would hold hands without being shocked at their nearness to each other and say in a natural way, “we have overcome.”, On Sunday, it was my blessing to attend and speak ,for the 23rd time, at Duke University's convocation.  I welcome the freshman class and all of us to continued education., We are all so blessed with the enormous talent of Lee Daniels and the entire team of "The Butler".  I have watched the film twice. The crew, the actors and everyone did their best with such an important time in our American History. It doesn’t get any better., I commend MK Asante. Buck: A Memoir is a story of surviving and thriving with passion, compassion, wit, and style. Yes, MK Asante, please continue to live, to accept your liberation, to accept how valuable you are to your country and admit that you are very necessary to us all.
Pre-order MK Asante's memoir Buck: http://www.amazon.com/Buck-Memoir-MK-Asante/dp/0812993411/ref=sr_1_31?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1371711134&sr=1-31%3Cbr%20/%3E
Joy!, I spoke about the verdict of the George Zimmerman trial in many venues including Time Magazine. What is really injured, bruised, if you will, is the psyche of our national population. We are all harmed. We are all belittled, and we give to the rest of the world more ammunition to sneer at us. I continue to pray for Trayvon Martin’s family., I’m impressed with recent Autism Speaks PSA’s that drive home the fact that the chances of having a child with autism is currently 1 in 115 births. I have been a member organizations supporting autism for over 10 years. In the last 4 years autism has touched my family directly.  Join me for a conversation on autism: 
http://summit.unwindingautism.com/speaker/dr-maya-angelou/, Celebrating Independence Day gives each of us a chance to celebrate our country and what it stands for and the progress we have made. We are also able to celebrate our own independence from ignorance. Hooray!, It is my delight to turn on the television and see attractive, witty and current women. Gayle King, Wendy Williams, Ellen DeGeneres, Robin Roberts and the super soul Oprah. Each one of them delights my heart., Thank you for reading Mom & Me & Mom.  Please enjoy this interview with Beautifully Said Magazine on the process of writing and living.
http://beautifullysmagazine.com/cover/, Thank you for seven weeks on the New York Times Bestseller  List! "Have you ever seen arms more beautiful, straight as a plank and brown as peanut butter." Grandmother Henderson. Continue to encourage one another.

http://www.amazon.com/dp/1400066115/ref=rdr_ext_tmb, You can only become truly accomplished at something you love. Don’t make money your goal. Instead pursue the things you love doing and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off of you., I’ve learned that whenever I decide something with an open heart, I usually make the right decision. I’ve learned that even when I have pains, I don’t have to be one. I’ve learned that every day you should reach out and touch someone. People love a warm hug, or just a friendly pat on the back. I’ve learned that I still have a lot to learn., We live in direct relation to the heroes and sheroes we have. The men and women who without knowing our names or recognizing our faces, risked and sometimes gave their lives to support our country and our way of living. We must say thank you., There is a place in you that you must keep inviolate, a place that you must keep clean. A place where you say to any intruder, “Back up, don’t you know I’m a child of God.”, My grandmother has been my greatest teacher. She never laughed at anybody. She had everything: she had faith, she had money, she had beauty, she had health., It is sad but true that sometimes we need the tragedy to help us to see how human we are and how we are more alike than we are different. The unspeakable devastation in Oklahoma has brought the human goodness to fore. Men and women from Kansas, from Missouri, from Arkansas, even from New York City, have rushed to offer themselves as aid to the stricken Oklahomans. I sit watching the television and am proud of how we are able to sympathize with each other and saddened that the only way we come to that understanding is when a tragedy affects us. I have not seen one person ask if the injured were black, white, or Jewish or Muslim or gay or straight. Don’t you wish we could think of each other in kinder ways all the time?, I know that when I pray something wonderful happens, not only for the person that I am praying for, but also for me.  I am being heard., It's true each one of us can say, "God loves me."  It is empowering. I can do anything and do it well because God loves me.  Thank you all for watching and posting and tweeting. I am grateful. #supersoulsunday

10 a.m. CST 11a.m. EST http://www.oprah.com/own-super-soul-sunday/super-soul-sunday.html, Join me for part two of my interview with daughter sister friend Oprah Winfrey right now on OWN Oprah Winfrey Network, you may also live stream the program right now 10 a.m. CST 11a.m. EST http://www.oprah.com/own-super-soul-sunday/super-soul-sunday.html, The most called-upon prerequisite of a friend is an accessible ear., Thank you for your inquiries, if you missed my interview with daughter sister friend Oprah Winfrey on Super Soul Sunday you can view the first half of our interview at 10:00am ET/PT just before the second half of our interview at 11:00am ET/PT this Sunday May 19th on OWN Oprah Winfrey Network., This a a wonderful day. I've never seen this one before., Join me again this Sunday for the second half of my interview with daughter sister friend Oprah Winfrey on Super Soul Sunday 10a.m. CST 11 a.m.EST and PST  #supersoulsunday

http://www.oprah.com/own-supersoulsunday/blogs/Dr-Maya-Angelou-on-How-to-Write-and-How-to-Live, We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty., Thank you for watching "Face the Nation". This is for those of you who were unable to see the interview. I am grateful for your support.
http://www.cbsnews.com/video/watch/?id=50146667n, Thank you for watching Face The Nation and Super Soul Sunday.  I encourage  you to join me on Twitter as well. @DrMayaAngelou. I am watching the programs with family and friends, thank you for watching with me.  I am telling the truth as I understand it. #loveMaya, Once again, Oprah has done her homework, video from Calypso Heat Wave! My lands. #supersoulsunday, Thank you for tuning in. #Supersoulsunday, I am wonderfully double booked and many of you will be at worship services, so please record Super Soul Sunday on OWN, Oprah Winfrey Network.  My daughter friend Oprah Winfrey will air our program at 11 a.m. EST and the CBS program Face The Nation will air my interview with Bob Schieffer. Mr. Schieffer is so knowledgeable, insightful and kind. When I was ill and postponed, he called to say whenever I felt better he would be available. I am grateful., Please watch and listen on Mother's Day.  Love to mothers, memories of mothers and those who live their lives mothering., When teachers or people in authority put me down or in one way or another tried to make me feel less than equal to what they thought I should be - my mother was on my side.

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/marianne-schnall/maya-angelou-mothers-day-book_b_3202362.html?utm_hp_ref=books, Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told: "I'm with you kid. Let's go.", Oprah is a daughter-friend to me and I am her mother-friend, join us both on The Emmy award-winning series “Super Soul Sunday” this Sunday, May 12 at 11a.m. ET/PT on OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network, It was my delight to address Carolina’s Healthcare System in Charlotte, North Carolina this afternoon. If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded., My mother, Vivian Baxter was a terrible parent of small children but a great parent of young adults. I write about our relationship in Mom & Me & Mom. Thank you for continuing to support the book and all the best to you and your mothers as we approach this year's celebration of Mother's Day., Since time is the one immaterial object which we cannot influence, neither speed up nor slow down, add to nor diminish it is an imponderably valuable gift., They who have health have hope; and they who have hope, have everything. I hope you will join the efforts of the Maya Angelou Women’s Health & Wellness Center to fight obesity in our community.  Please visit our new Bright Ideas website at www.NovantHealthBrightIdeas-ww.com  and share your ideas., Thank you for your heartfelt prayers, thoughts and support.  I am wonderfully on the mend!, I talked with and commiserated with my dear friend Diane Rehms because I was not well enough to travel to Washington, DC to appear on her radio program today.  I am sorry to miss my friends in Washington and I look eagerly to coming to Politics and Prose Bookstore in the near future.  I am still in North Carolina.  I ask for your thoughts and prayers and continued support., “Baby, I’ve been thinking and now I am sure. You are the greatest woman I’ve ever met.” My mother and I. 

http://www.randomhouse.com/book/3943/mom--me--mom-by-maya-angelou, I’ll be speaking and signing copies of MOM & ME & MOM tomorrow at noon at the Barnes & Noble Winston-Salem. I’m so thankful for my readers, and I hope to see you there. http://store-locator.barnesandnoble.com/event/77397, Easy reading is damn hard writing. But if it’s right, it’s easy. It’s the other way round, too. If it’s slovenly written, then it’s hard to read. It doesn’t give the reader what the careful writer can give the reader. http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/04/10/maya-angelou-how-i-write.html, My "Five Questions" interview with USA TODAY, Christ came so that we might have life and have it more abundantly. I am grateful for the abundance., Thank you for all your kind wishes as I celebrate my 85th year. I am grateful for your kind words and thoughts., Thank you for watching this morning, if you missed the Today Show, you may view the segment at the link below. Thank you for all the birthday well wishes.  I am celebrating and loving all of you. http://video.tvguide.com/NBC+TODAY+Show/Maya+Angelou+My+Son+Is+my+Greatest+Gift/19230911?primary=&primaryvalue=msnbc, I'll be on the Today show tomorrow morning around 8 am if you'd like to tune in. Thank you, Facebook friends, for your support. I'm so grateful to you all., In celebration of the publication of my book, MOM & ME & MOM, here is one of my favorite pictures with my mother. 

http://www.randomhouse.com/book/3943/mom--me--mom-by-maya-angelou, Signing copies of MOM & ME & MOM at Barnes & Noble in Union Square on April 2 at 7 pm. If you can make it, I’d love to see you there.
Mom & Me & Mom at Barnes & Noble - Union Square, New York NY
store-locator.barnesandnoble.com, Spring is turning out to be a little late this year. We are longing for more fresh greens growing and more birds chirping. Spring will come, I know, and when it comes it will be sweeter than had it come on time. We will all be grateful., You can listen to my NPR interview here, ] I’ll be signing copies of MOM & ME & MOM at Barnes & Noble in Union Square on April 2 at 7 pm. If you can make it, I’d love to see you there., I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver., I’m grateful for being here, for being able to think, for being able to see, for being able to taste, for appreciating love – for knowing that it exists in a world so rife with vulgarity, with brutality and violence, and yet love exists. I’m grateful to know that it exists.  Thank you for continuing to support all of our history with "Telling Our Stories" Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, Kofi Annan, Regina Taylor and Oprah Winfrey represent all of us. Be inspired.
https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, “I will look after you and I will look after anybody you say needs to be looked after, any way you say. I am here. I am your mother.”—Vivian Baxter, MOM & ME & MOM 

http://www.randomhouse.com/book/3943/mom--me--mom-by-maya-angelou, I had to trust life and believe that life loved the person who dared to live it., My mother’s gifts of courage to me were both large and small. The latter are woven so subtly into the fabric of my psyche, I can hardly distinguish where she stops and I begin., I am excited to announce that we're less than two weeks away from the publication of my new memoir, MOM & ME & MOM., Late last year it was my blessing to help raise over $500,000, for DC's Maya Angelou Charter Schools. The schools serve at risk youth. President Bill Clinton said, "These young people would otherwise probably spend their lives in prison. It is insane to let all these young people go into the criminal justice system and not give them the chance to learn something.” Thank you for your support. Our photograph is by photographer Tony Powell., Thank you for your continued support of "Telling Our Stories" throughout Women's History Month. Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, Regina Taylor and Oprah Winfrey have courage in common. It is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you cannot practice any other virtue consistently.
https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, There’s a difference in being an old female and being a woman.  Born with certain genitalia, if you don’t get run over by an out of control truck you can become an adult whatever you have been born.  A woman is careful with judgment, is courteous, has courage and is much given to kindness, support and respect for other women. This International Women’s Day lifts my heart and makes me remember all the women who have been daughters, mothers and sisters to me. I am grateful and I thank them., On International Women's Day, we're Telling Our Stories, Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, Regina Taylor and Oprah Winfrey. 

https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, I've learned that whenever I decide something with an open heart, I usually make the right decision., Thank you to the UK, listeners all over the world and here at home. Your requests for "Telling Our Stories" continue. You may find the inspiration stories on iTunes. Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, Kofi Annan, Regina Taylor and Oprah Winfrey continue to inform and inspire. Our stories come from the artistry of life itself.

https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back., Oprah’s MASTER CLASS with Alicia Keys tonight at 10/9c. Alicia Keys discusses her App for children Mama Mae and Lee Lee on mayaangelouonpublicradio.com.  Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, Kofi Annan, Regina Taylor and Oprah Winfrey “Telling Our Stories” https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, I’ve learned that making a living is not the same thing as making a life., I long for the time when all the human history is taught as one history, because it really is one history. 

http://thebridge.att.net/Community/28-days/article/black-history-month.html, You may read about Kofi Annan and Being of Service http://thebridge.att.net/Community/28-days/article/kofi-annan-being-of-service-.html, Thank you for listening to “Telling Our Stories”, with Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, Kofi Annan, Regina Taylor and Oprah Winfrey.  Our stories come from the artistry of life itself. The program is available on iTune or listen today on Minneapolis and Wisconsin public radio at 12 noon.

https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, In a world of confusion and noise, I look for the moments that help me understand who I am, where I come from and what I want to be. This Bible series brings to life the stories that have shaped our world and shaped my life. The series starts March 3, 2013 on the History Channel.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7Z3rLWINl4, Thank you for listening to “Telling Our Stories”, you may read about, "The Importance of the African American Playwright and Regina Taylor". http://thebridge.att.net/Community/28-days/article/the-importance-of-the-african-american-playwright-and-regina-tay.html, All my guests have at least one virtue in common, courage. "Telling Our Stories", Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, Kofi Annan, Regina Taylor and Oprah Winfrey.
https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, You can read the article, "Alicia Keys and The Poetry of Music", by clicking on the link below. I have often recited Paul Laurence Dunbar's poem, "We Wear The Masks" and the title of my first memoir, "I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings," was derived from a line in the Paul Laurence Dunbar poem entitled,"Sympathy".

http://thebridge.att.net/Community/28-days/article/maya-angelou-s-black-history-month-special.html, Let's inspire and support those who support youth. I was blessed to encourage those working to support our youth. Please watch #LiveStream during #GradNation2013 Summit http://bit.ly/VN8D06, Only equals make friends. Any other relationship is out of order., Colorado Public Radio's Denver station has rescheduled "Telling Our Stories" for 9pm Thursday night.  Thank you for the outpouring of calls. 
att.com/28days, Listen in Denver and Boulder Colorado tonight on public radio, check our broadcast schedule or download, "Telling Our Stories on iTunes." Today, the website features an excerpt on how Oprah and I met many years ago. http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/, I am impressed with Jennifer Hudson's comportment, the way she carries herself in the world. I am pleased and proud of her as much as if I were her auntie or grandma or related somewhere, and I think we are in any case. http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/guest-bios/jennifer-hudson/, For a schedule of public radio stations broadcasting "Telling Our Stories" visit http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com Listen at 2 p.m. in each time zone in Chicago, Denver, Boulder and Pueblo or download from iTunes. Our stories come from the artistry of life itself., Listen at 2 p.m. in each time zone in Chicago, Denver, Boulder and Pueblo or download from iTunes. Our stories come from the artistry of life itself.

https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, You will face many defeats in your life, but never let yourself be defeated., Listen to “Telling Our Stories” in Washington, DC, Richmond, VA, and Charlotte, NC, or download from iTunes and thanks to Wanda Starks and WXII-TV for a wonderful segment. 

http://www.wxii12.com/Dr-Maya-Angelou-Attracts-World-Attention/-/9678472/18997284/-/fgm553/-/index.html, Our stories come from the artistry of life itself.
att.com/28days, I wrote the forward for the book “Crowns.” I’m delighted to come from a family, a group of people, who had so much courage to rename themselves and claim themselves by wearing crowns.  Listen Sunday in Chicago and Denver or download Telling Our Stories from i-Tunes.

https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, We should all embrace our role to support young people throughout their journey in life. [@America’s Promise Alliance] Grad Nation Summit is working to toward that goal. Watch a live webcast on Feb. 26 to see my special video message for attendees and all working to end the high school dropout crisis. http://bit.ly/VN8D06, Regina Taylor is a very important playwright in the world today and a delight to my heart. I am proud of her for being herself and having enough courage to be a woman of the time. Listen as she discusses her early relationship with the written word.  The audio excerpt is on the home page. http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/, I was loved by my mother, my grandmother and my brother. Love heals., We need to understand Black history because we need to understand American history. I'll be speaking with Reverend Al Sharpton tonight on MSNBC Politics Nation. Tune in around 6:40 EST  We’re Telling Our Stories.  https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, I enjoyed speaking on Reverend Al Sharpton’s “Keeping It Real” radio program today.  Among other statements, I reminded listeners that the “b” word and the “n” word are like poison, whether you take poison from a vial or pour it into Bavarian crystal, it is still poison.
https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, Listen as Kofi Annan explains how leadership begins in your community.
http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/guest-bios/kofi-annan/, “A Night With Maya Angelou” will be held at 7:30 p.m. Tuesday Feb 19th at the Louisiana State University’s Student Union Theater.  I look forward to seeing many of you there., Our stories often intertwine with music.

https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, Our stories come from the artistry of life itself. Listen tomorrow in Dallas, Sacramento, Tahoe City or download "Telling Our Stories" with Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, Kofi Annan, Regina Taylor and Oprah Winfrey. 

https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, We know we are often asked to make peace, but I believe we can bring peace with us.

http://thebridge.att.net/, “Is there any way for me to get a copy or listen in...all the way from Tanzania, East Africa?” 

Thank you for your emails and requests, Maya Angelou’s Black History Month Special is now on iTunes. I am pleased to host Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, Kofi Annan, Regina Taylor and Oprah Winfrey.  Our stories come from our lives and from the playwright’s pen, the mind of the actor, the roles we create, the artistry of life itself and the quest for peace., When people use the term “classical music,” I always make the distinction between “classical” and European classical music, because American classical music has to the blues, spirituals, jazz, country music and folk music.
http://thebridge.att.net, Congratulations to Alicia Keys as the new Creative Director for Blackberry and as a guest on “Telling Our Stories”. Ms. Keys has also created an App for children to learn about music, world cultures and encourages journaling.  It is a blessing. http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/guest-bios/alicia-keys/, I am grateful that love exists: familial love, (love between relatives), romantic love (a passion between lovers), agape love (divine love between God and friends), love of nature (the majesty of mountains, the lasting love of oceans) and the joy of laughter. We are stronger, kinder and more generous because we live in an atmosphere where love exists. I am grateful for that., There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you., Thank you for all your requests from Minnesota to Tanzania.  For the first year we are able to offer an iTunes download for this year's Black History Month Special, “Telling Our Stories”.  As you listen to Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, Kofi Annan, Regina Taylor and Oprah Winfrey, you’ll know that Black History is our history. 

https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/maya-angelous-black-history/id602349525, “I have always believed that we should be available to help our fellow human being.” Kofi Annan was born in Ghana and became the seventh Secretary-General of the United Nations, serving two terms from 1997 through 2006.  
http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/guest-bios/kofi-annan/, If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude., Tonight as you prepare to watch the Grammy Awards, listen to Ms. Jennifer Hudson as she discusses the friendship and work relationship she shares with Ms. Alicia Keys and Mr. Kasseem Dean. The audio excerpt is on the home page. http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com, Tonight as you prepare to watch the Grammy Awards, listen to Ms. Jennifer Hudson as she discusses the friendship and work relationship she shares with Ms. Alicia Keys and Mr. Kasseem Dean. The audio excerpt is on the home page. http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com, Today you can listen to "Telling Our Stories", this year's Black History Month Special in Winston-Salem on WFDD-FM at 2 p.m and 8 p.m. and WSNC-FM at 8 p.m., In New York on WNYC-AM and in Trenton, NJ on  WNJT-FM at 8:00 PM. all times EST. Please check the website for times  and dates near you and yours. http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/ My guests are Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, Kofi Annan, Regina Taylor and Oprah Winfrey., Long before the Grammy Awards our songs told our story. In 1958, at the first Grammy Awards, Ella Fitzgerald won Best Vocal Performance Female and Count Basie won Best Performance Dance Band.   att.com/28days, I love Oprah Winfrey dearly, as do many other people. She is so smart and clever and touch-minded. Ms. Winfrey is part of this year's Black History Month Special, "Telling Our 
Stories" http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com, It is important that we learn humility, which says there was someone else before me who paid for me. My responsibility is to prepare myself so that I can pay for someone else who is yet to come., Black History belongs to all of us.
att.com/28days, Jennifer Hudson is a talent who brings her voice to the community as well. I am impressed with her comportment, the way she carries herself in this world.
 "I refuse to sing just anything, because I feel like I'm singing my story... and I've seen it manifest in my life." http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/guest-bios/jennifer-hudson/, We owe the truth, not just the facts. I’m celebrating my 84th year on this planet. I’ve seen many things. I’ve learned many things. I’ve certainly been exposed to many things and I’ve learned something: I owe it to you, to tell you., Our fellow Ghanian, "All the cruel and brutal things, even genocide, starts with the humiliation of one individual." Kofi Annan.
http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/guest-bios/kofi-annan/, Her talent is so vast. Please listen as Alicia Keys explains how she realized she had an unusual blessing.

http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/guest-bios/alicia-keys/
The audio excerpt is on the home page., As we enter Black History Month, our stories come from our lives and from the playwright's pen, the mind of the actor, the roles we create, the artistry of life itself and the quest for peace. Join our sisters and brother Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, Kofi Annan, Regina Taylor and Oprah Winfrey as we tell our stories.
http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/, Stand up straight and realize who you are, that you tower over your circumstances. You are a child of God. Stand up straight., I’m grateful for being here, for being able to think, for being able to see, for being able to taste, for appreciating love – for knowing that it exists in a world so rife with vulgarity, with brutality and violence, and yet love exists. I’m grateful to know that it exists., If we lose love and self-respect for each other, this is how we finally die., On this day of celebrations, I  believe Martin Luther King Jr. would have said to President Barack Obama,  "Continue. Be loving and be strong. Be fierce and be kind. And don't give in and don't give up.'", Join me at 9 p.m. EST on CNN, I'll be speaking with Piers Morgan., Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope., Often we feel we must have infuriated nature and it has responded by bringing havoc upon our communities.  I think it is unwise to personalize nature.  I think when we don't know what to do it's wise to do nothing.  Sit down quietly; quiet our hearts and minds and breath deeply., In 2012 nature and the mad nature of some human beings caused us to wonder how can we go on. From super storm Sandy to the Colorado movie house shooting and the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School, we have been pressed to find some answers to the question, why, me why us, why now?  As we come into 2013, we bring with us the need to find answers and the hope to find what can we do to prevent the recurrence of these despairing occurrences.  I think we must commit to a commitment to all human beings and a decision to accept our responsibility to nature's outpouring and human misbehavior. I wish that we could say with Horace Mann that each of us should be "ashamed to die until you have won some victory for mankind."  I think we must surrender the despair of unexpected cruelty and extend the wonder of unexpected kindnesses to ourselves and to each other. 2013 can bring us the chance to be kind to each other and kind to ourselves. We deserve each other and each other's generosity., ...It is Christmas time, a halting of hate time.
On this platform of peace, we can create a language
to translate ourselves to ourselves and to each other.
At this Holy Instant, we celebrate the Birth of Jesus Christ

Into the great religions of the world.
We jubilate the precious advent of trust.
We shout with glorious tongues the coming of hope.
All the earth’s tribes loosen their voices to celebrate the promise of
Peace..., Our country is grieving. Each child who has been slaughtered belongs to each of us and each slain adult is a member of our family. It is impossible to explain the horror to ourselves and to our survivors.  We need to hold each other’s hands and look into each other’s eyes and say, “I am sorry.”, Coming events will affect me, however my prayer and determination are that they will not reduce me., If you cannot make a change, change the way you have been thinking. You might find a new solution. Never whine. Whining lets a brute know that a victim is in the neighborhood., I chose the title of my memoir, I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings, from this poem by poet Paul Laurence Dunbar.  This is the last stanza.
...I know why the caged bird sings, ah me,
    When his wing is bruised and his bosom sore,—
When he beats his bars and he would be free;
It is not a carol of joy or glee,
    But a prayer that he sends from his heart’s deep core,   
But a plea, that upward to Heaven he flings—
I know why the caged bird sings!, ...Out of the huts of history's shame
I rise
Up from a past that's rooted in pain
I rise
I'm a black ocean, leaping and wide,
Welling and swelling I bear in the tide.
Leaving behind nights of terror and fear
I rise
Into a daybreak that's wondrously clear
I rise
Bringing the gifts that my ancestors gave,
I am the dream and the hope of the slave.
I rise
I rise
I rise., In the sweet shadow of Thanksgiving I am giving forgiveness to everyone I thought had ill treated me. I want to enter the Christmas month with a clean slate. I want to think that everyone I know can enter the last month of this year free of any ill will between us.  Let us all go into December 2012 free, giving and expecting the good thing., As we approach Thanksgiving; and as we experience it, and even after; I carefully maintain an attitude of gratitude.  And, I have changed that old saying around from “give ‘til it hurts “ and now I tell myself, give ‘til it helps., Every family in our country has someone, a daughter, a son, a nephew, a niece, a cousin, who has served or is serving in the armed service. These relatives have or are risking their lives in foreign places few of us have ever seen or can even spell the name. These heros and sheros deserve our heartfelt gratitude for holding the flag of freedom high in the foreign air., I was grateful to see President Obama’s victory speech. I was over the moon to see the audience. There were about 60 percent white voters the other 40 percent were African Americans, Asian, Spanish speaking etc. I wept at that spectacle, it told me that the pundits that continue in our country to try to polarize us, to keep us apart, are not succeeding.  Americans are waking up not only to the truth, but the truth in each other. Hallelujah!, Vote! Vote! Vote!, Each one of us has lived through some devastation, some loneliness, some weather superstorm or spiritual superstorm, when we look at each other we must say, I understand. I understand how you feel because I have been there myself.  We must support each other and empathize with each other because each of us is more alike than we are unalike., The written word, when it is really eloquent… when it doesn’t have to be parsed or taken apart… when it speaks from one flame to another, speaks to a dying flame… and re-invigorates… that’s when it’s powerful. 

You may read the entire interview, http://thoughteconomics.blogspot.co.uk/2012/10/why-we-write.html, Every experience shapes your writing, being stuck in a car on a lonely bridge, or dancing at a prom, being the it girl on the beach, all of those things influence your life, they influence how you write, and the topics you choose to write about., I’ve had people explain to me what one of my poems meant, and I’ve been surprised that it means that to them. If a person can use a poem of mine to interpret her life or his life, good. I can’t control that. Nor would I want to., Too many fought too hard and for too long for any of us to leave our votes uncast in this year’s election.  Make your voice heard and make it heard well before Election Day by voting early. Find out when and where you can vote early in your state by visiting www.gottavote.com., It is my pleasure to come closer to many of you, please share an evening with me. 
Presented by Unique Lives, in the following cities:
1) Minneapolis, MN Oct. 23rd  State Theater 7:30PM
2) Edmonton, Alberta Oct. 25 Winspear Center 7:30PM
3) Calgary, Alberta Oct. 28 Jack Singer Concert Hall 3:00PM
4) Vancouver, BC Oct. 29 Center in Vancouver 7:30PM              5) Portland, OR Oct. 30 Arlene Schnitzer Concert Hall 7:30PM FOR TICKETS VISIT  WWW.UNIQUELIVES.COM     or call 1-866-449-8118, Develop enough courage so that you can stand up for yourself and then stand up for somebody else., As Wake Forest University's Reynolds Professor of American Studies, I teach and have taught many students. It will be my delight to be on the program of a student I taught some 20 years ago.  Please join me 11 a.m. EST- tomorrow Sunday, Sept. 16 on MSNBC as I speak with Melissa Harris-Perry., Check your local listings and join me on the Tom Joyner Morning Show tomorrow morning., I'm grateful to be an American. I am grateful that we can be angry at the terrorist assault and at the same time be intelligent enough not to hold a grudge against every Arab and every Muslim., In my cover photograph, Langston Hughes has come to hear me sing at a venue in California. From the 40's through the 60's he was called the "People's Poet". Years later people would call me the same. I am eternally grateful to capture our lives poetically., It is my blessing for the 23rd year to speak to the incoming Freshman Class at Duke University during their convocation ceremony this afternoon. Education is open to all of us, keep learning., I am looking forward to seeing many of you at the Cannon Center for the Performing Arts, Memphis,  TN
Sat, Aug 25, 2012 07:30 PM, The Olympics Committee ask me to write a poem for the 2008 Olympics and I offer it again for the 2012 Olympians. I commend you all, Americans and winners across the globe for what you do is win the human spirit and therefore we are all winners.

Amazement Awaits
By Maya Angelou
Sheer amazement awaits
Amazement luxuriant in promise
Abundant in wonder
Our beautiful children arrive at this Universal stadium
They have bathed in the waters of the world
And carry the soft silt of the Amazon, the Nile,
The Danube, the Rhine, the Yangtze and the Mississippi
In the palms of their right hands.
A wild tiger nestles in each armpit
And a meadowlark perches on each shoulder.
We, the world audience, stand, arms akimbo,
Longing for the passion of the animal
And the melody of the lark
The tigers passion attend the opening bells,
The birds sing of the amazement which awaits.
The miracle of joy that comes out of the gathering of our best, bringing their best,
Displaying the splendor of their bodies and the radiance of their agile minds to the cosmos.
Encouragement to those other youth caught in the maws of poverty,
Crippled by the terror of ignorance.
They say Brothers and Sisters, Yes, try. Then try harder.
Lunge forward, press eagerly for release.
The amazement which awaits is for you.
We are here at the portal of the world we had wished for
At the lintel of the world we most need.
We are here roaring and singing.
We prove that we can not only make peace, we can bring it with us.
With respect for the world and its people,
We can compete passionately without hatred.
With respect for the world and its people,
We can take pride in the achievement of strangers.
With respect for the world and its people,
We can share openly in the success of friends.
Here then is the Amazement
Against the odds of impending war
In the mouth of bloody greed
Human grace and human spirit can still conquer.
Ah … We discover, we ourselves
Are the Amazement which awaits
We are ourselves Amazement., The BET award was a great blessing and to have an award given to me by the First Lady was a surprise for which I am sincerely grateful. Great actors honored me by reciting my poetry they are Queen Latifah, Jill Scott, Willow Smith and Cicely Tyson., When women take care of their health they become their own best friend., My grandson graduated from Georgetown yesterday with a masters in International Business.  It is a blessing., Hold those things that tell your history and protect them., I am pleased to share my interview in the July issue of Beautifully Said Magazine: http://beautifullysmagazine.com/2012/07/feature-of-the-month-3/, For a person who grew up in the ’30s and ’40s in the segregated South, with so many doors closed without explanation to me, libraries and books said, ‘Here I am, read me.' Take time to read., I enjoyed an interview with Beautifully Said Magazine publishers, Asha LaShae' and Trisha LaNae'! Look for the interview in the July issue of their on line publication. http://beautifullysmagazine.com/. Face Book: at Beautifully Said and @beautifullysmagazine on twitter., It is my blessing to have this honor to serve. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/05/15/maya-angelou-opens-womens-health-center-calls-disparities-embarrassing_n_1517418.html, On what would have been the 85th birthday of my dear sister friend, the book launch of Desert Rose The Life And Legacy of Coretta Scott King, is being held today at the King Center in Atlanta, GA at 5:30pm EST. The launch will be streamed live on facebook http://on.fb.me/IYspNk
 , Katie Couric's knock-out of a book called The Best Advice I Ever Got is now available in paperback. Again, I wish I could ingest and employ one-tenth of the advice – I would be a better friend, mother, sister, writer, American, and a better Maya., Thank you for all of the wonderful birthday wishes. It is my blessing to be a part of your lives and you a part of mine., Langston Hughes and I are enjoying each other., I've enjoyed audiences from Tennessee Technical University, Cheyney University in Pennsylvania and am on my way to Texas Women's University to speak tomorrow night., Over time I have learned I am at my best around books., Each time a woman stands up for herself, without knowing it possibly, without claiming it, she stands up for all women., I work all the time. I don't know how not to work. I'm not complaining. I play hard, too., http://www.kqed.org/radio/programs/radiospecials/ On this last day of Black History Month 2012, you may listen to our Black History Month Special tonight on KQED at 8 p.m. PST. The station streams live., As Martin Luther King, Jr.’s words inspired change in churches, the music of the country followed suit. The spirituals, the blues, the jazz, the folk songs joined the clarion call for freedom. Check the schedule and  listen to our Black History Month Special on line.
http://www.att.com/Common/thebridge/28days.html?wtSlotClick=1-006ATN-0-2&WT.svl=calltoaction
, http://www.att.com/Common/thebridge/releases/angelou_story_slavery_2-13-12.html Elizabeth Keckley purchased both her freedom and her son's freedom. This is an American story, read more..., http://www.suntimes.com/news/fountain/10808605-452/black-history-is-nations-story-every-month-of-year.html Please see this article about our program and visit the website to find a station near you or one that will stream the program live., http://www.att.com/Common/thebridge/releases/angelou_story_poetry_2-13-12.html 
I hope you'll enjoy this extended excerpt from our Black History Month Special discussing the music of the civil rights movement. , http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-505263_162-57381647/maya-angelous-note-to-self/?tag=morningLeadStoriesAreaMain%3BthisMorningLeadHero
CBS "This Morning" co-host Gayle King and I spoke earlier in January.  CBS aired the interview this morning and I would like to share our conversation with you., Thank you for your prayers and concern. I was hospitalized for three days and released and am recuperating at home., As an artist, you can measure Mary J. Blige’s growth and the growth of the civil rights movement in our country as one. Please listen to this excerpt from our Black History Month Special. http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/, Those of us who love music held Whitney Houston in highest esteem. We relished her musical integrity, which was so profound that it seemed she was singing to and for the listener alone., Tonight at 10P/et on BET the BET Honors '12 program will re-air. I was blessed to have our 1st Lady present the honor and to be in the company of such talent and grace. The acceptance speech is here: http://bet.us/AuahzS, Through words and music, the civil rights movement caught fire, lifted our country out of the doldrums and lifted us to even believe that we could have freedom, to even believe that we could have fair play, to even believe that we could eradicate this vulgarity called racism. Find an air time near you or listen to a stations that streams the program on line. http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/ , Please join me for the BET Honors program, it's on right now and will be repeated on Wednesday at 10p.m. EST, I accepted the Presidential Medal of Freedom for everybody. Every immigrant. Every person who dared to say no to the cruelty. Who dared to say yes to kindness. Thank you for watching the SOULMATES special on BET. It inspired me and I hope you are inspired. If you missed the special, it re-airs at 11pm/ET tonight. Also, I have the pleasure of being honored again, Monday night at 9pm/ET, during BET HONORS – I hope you’ll watch., “Instead of pretending to be ignorant, it would be wiser to pretend you are smart. It costs the same thing.”
Tune in this Sunday on BET at 11am. to hear Common and me, we'll  discuss life and my thoughts on our youth and culture of today. http://bet.us/zQoGTv
, At one point, it was my blessing to work for equality as Northern Coordinator of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference.  I represented Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.  His words influenced many ministers to take to their pulpits and encourage their parishioners to seek for freedom. Find out more by listening. More stations have been added and many stream the audio. http://www.att.com/Common/thebridge/28days.html, BET joined me on the journey to Washington, D.C. when President Obama presented me and other honored civilians with the Presidential Medal of Freedom 2011. Please join us for the journey to the White House – and a part of my journey through life this Sunday 11a EST/10 CST. http://bet.us/xy8eU4, Wherever we go, we take everything we've even known with us whether we know it or not., Professor and poet Nikky Finney reminded me that we had met years ago, she says she was my "warm up act". I do know that we are a product of each one teach one reach one. While this story in not in the Black History Month Special, this story is the featured excerpt on our web site. http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/, http://www.wbez.org/ Whether you are in Chicago or not, you can hear this year's Black History Month Special at 8p.m. CST on Chicago's WBEZ., I've learned that you shouldn't go through life with a catcher's mitt on both hands; you need to be able to throw something back., Professor Nikky Finney’s mode of poesy is so delicate and yet so powerful.  I appreciate it, really with all my heart.  Listen to her acceptance speech for the 2011 National Book Award; it is a knockout!  (5:00 into the video near the bottom of the page) http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/guest-bios/professor-nikky-finney/, Welcome to Black History Month. Black History is our history, White, Black, Asian, Spanish-Speaking and Native American, Everyone, our people. 
http://www.att.com/Common/thebridge/28days.html
, http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/
As we move into Black History Month Ambassador Andrew Young tells a wonderful story of his father "set his personality in place" by teaching young Andrew about this vulgarity called racism.  , I do my best because I'm counting on you counting on me., We will begin to celebrate Black History Month and that means we are celebrating history for everyone.  Visit us at http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/, Join me today at 1:40 EST on CNN, Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host., At no cost to you and just by volunteering your time, you can become a giver of books.  Join me as I join 30 authors and many of you in providing books for World Book Night April 23, 2012 http://www.us.worldbooknight.org/. Spread the word., The truth brings the past into the present and prepares us for the future.  That's what truth does., People will forget what you said. People will forget what you did. But, people will not forget how you made them feel., Southern Living, a beautiful monthly magazine, recently published an article of which I was the subject. A question was asked, who are my favorite country singers, my response included Martina McBride, Tim Mc Graw, Brad Paisley, Montgomery Gentry and Toby Keith.  The answer appeared as a list of my favorite singers that answer would have had to include Mary J. Blige, Usher, Mariah Carey, Bee Bee and Cee Cee Winans, Jessye Norman, Ray Charles, Tony Bennett and Aretha Franklin., "When you get, give.  When you learn, teach." My paternal grandmother Mrs. Annie Henderson. Have a wonderful Thanksgiving. Love to the family., If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die., A child's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives., There is an intimate laughter to be found only among friends., Everything in the universe has rhythm. Everything dances., The desire to reach the stars is ambitious. The desire to reach hearts is wise and most possible., Root out timidity by daring., I believe that every person is born with talent., Let choice whisper in your ear and love murmur in your heart.  Be ready. Here comes life., The actor, rapper and poet Common will be signing "One Day It'll All Make Sense" in Chicago at Macy's State Street on Tuesday from 12 to 2 p.m. If you are in Chicago, stop by. It is a magnificent memoir., Success is loving life and daring to live it!, A person’s speech is mirror to her or his soul. When we listen intently to Reverend Martin Luther King Jr., we sense that he is showing us his soul., If Nickolas Ashford had lived as long as we wanted him to, he would have attained kingship. As he did live, he was prince; a courtly, generous, kind, gracious prince. He treated everyone in his age group as if they were all princes and princesses and he treated people in my age group as if we were all kings and queens., My mother would often say, “Your name must be Joe, ‘cause you sho’ don’t know.”, Cooking is like writing poetry, be careful in the choice of your ingredients and respectful of how they work together. That’s true of all the efforts in life., Nothing will work unless you do., Hold those things that tell your history and protect them., Life is pure adventure, and the sooner we realize that, the quicker we will be able to treat life as art., Ask for what you want and be prepared to get it!, My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style., A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.", I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel., Continue to let gratitude be the pillow upon which you kneel to say your nightly prayer., Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away., All great achievements require time., Books are now available through the book tab on the facebook page, null, On Malcolm X. His aura was too bright. His masculine force affected me physically. A hot desert storm eddied around him and rushed to me, making my skin contract, and my pores slam shut., With Langston Hughes, null, Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination., On the day of your birth, the Creator filled countless storehouses....  They were set aside for your use and yours alone., Young writer/filmmaker M.K. Asante Jr. is an inspiration and a joy to work with. Please take a moment to "Like" his page: http://www.facebook.com/pages/MK-Asante-Jr/31447977562, Nothing will work unless you do., Please check your local listings and join me in this fabulous celebration. http://www.oprah.com/showinfo/Surprise-Oprah-A-Farewell-Spectacular-Part-2, I enjoyed my time on Good Morning America.  Please view the videotape and you'll find each recipe in my new book  Great Food, All Day Long.  http://abcnews.go.com/GMA/recipe?id=13528146, The truth is, we make a mistake when we think that generations can be separated.  The truth is you need me so that I have shoulders  you can stand on, and we need you because you have shoulders somebody else can stand on.  We are one., Sometimes, young women and men not only need guidance and encouragement.  They deserve it., Katie Couric has a knock-out of a book called The Best Advice I Ever Got.  I wish I could ingest and employ one-tenth of the advice – I would be a better friend, mother, sister, writer, American, and a better Maya., A wonderful CNN profile on young author/filmmaker M.K. Asante Jr. who I collaborated with on the film The Black Candle.
http://edition.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/africa/04/05/mk.asante/index.html, Wonderful interview with Lisa Wexler will air today 4:30 PM EST on AM 1400 WSTC and 1350 WNLK.  On email, through lisawexler.com, Listen Live. It moved me to sing a stanza of Sometimes I feel like a Motherless Child., Peace my brother, peace my sister, peace my soul., It is important that we all broaden the concept of family., Courage can give voice to those who are voiceless. Those of us who have a little courage, we can develop more. I don't believe courage is something that you’re born with, I think you develop courage and you can develop it in small ways., About a person who complained my grandmother would say, "Sister, there are people all over the world who went to sleep last night, rich and poor, black and white. They will never wake again. Their beds have become their cooling boards. Their blankets have become their winding sheets. And they'd give anything for just five minutes for what they were just complaining about." Read the full article at  att.com/thebridge, Time change. Thank you for your phone calls and emails. The last broadcast of my Black History Month Special will be today February 28th at 12noon EST. We do not have podcast rights for the show, so please listen to WCLK in Atlanta on line. They will be broadcasting the show live in a few minutes. http://www.wclk.com/, Thanks for getting in touch.  The last broadcast of my  Black History Month Special will be today February 28th at 11a.m. EST.  We do not have podcast rights for the show, so please listen to WCLK in Atlanta on line.  They will be broadcasting the show live.  http://www.wclk.com/, My grandmother used to say “If you can't change something, change the way you think about it." Celebrating Black History Month with an article, A Lesson In Honor of my Grandmother. att.com/thebridge
, If you missed the Black History Month program it airs again tonight  9.p.m. EST streaming live from Louisville, KY public radio at http://www.wfpl.org/, Thank you for the overwhelming support for my Black History Month Special. Over twelve stations from Wisconsin public radio will air the program from 3p.m. to 4 p.m. CST today.  Please listen in and visit mayaangelouonpublicradio.com or use the page tab above for more information., Listen in to my Black History Month Special airing tonight at 7 p.m. MST on http://kjzz.org/, For excerpts of My Black History Month Special including poetry from Georgia Douglas visit att.com/thebridge
, We've done ourselves a disfavor to say, "You can be a jack of all things and a master of none." You can be a master of every thing you do. Every thing you do may not be a masterpiece, understand that then do the best you can with what you've got., Comedy is a gift from the Creator. Please see the article on comedy and listen to the excerpt on comedy. Chris Rock and I agree, the vast majority of black men are with their families, trying to put the grits on the table. att.com/thebridge, We must be warriors in the struggle against ignorance., Thank you for your kinds words and for continuing to support my Black History Month Special. Please read the articles on film and comedy and listen to the excerpts, a new excerpt from Sojourner Truth to Common has been added. Thank you for your support. , To all my friends who came, or were coming to my book signing at Barnes  & Noble in NY on 2/16, I offer my sincere apologies. On 2/15, I received the wonderful Medal of Freedom Award from President Obama, the next day I was down with laryngitis & a sore throat. Barnes & Noble staff were very understanding & comforting. They said they would re-schedule the signing. I thank them & I thank you all. Joy! Maya Angelou., I invite Chicago to please listen to My Black History Month Special on WBEZ Chicago 91.5 at 8 p.m. CST tonight., This weekend gave honor to the life of sister friend Dolly McPherson Professor Emeritus Wake Forest University. Her work spanned African-American literature, American autobiography, British literature, African-American fiction and autobiographical voices. Dolly would say, "The truth is a stubborn fact.", For my neighbors and friends in New York, thank you WNYC – 93.9 FM 820 AM 8:00pm for airing my Black History Month Special tonight at 8p.m. EST on New York Public Radio.  Please listen and for more information go to http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com, Thank you for listening, as you continue to listen to my Black History Month Special on public radio, please read a perspective on African American Film. http://www.att.com/Common/thebridge/angelou.html#readMore, Celebrate love not sentimentality or mush. Love might just be what holds the stars in the firmament., In route to Washington, DC as I along with fourteen other honored Americans prepare to receive the President's Medal of Freedom tomorrow. I am so blessed and grateful to be considered for this honor. I am grateful., Please visit http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/ for my Black History Month Special and listen today.  Stations streaming live -West Palm Beach, FL WXEL 90.7FM 2:00pm. EST, Austin, TX KUT 90.9FM 3:00pm.CST,  Rochester, NY WXXI 1370AM 10:00pm.EST 
Condolences to KUT listeners and the family of KUT’s founder Bob Schenkkan.
, The principal ingredient is the dish and it is that which should stand out. The sauces are additional, they should be there but they don’t usurp the star’s position on the stage, they should help the star to glow., If you are in Winston-Salem tomorrow join me for a book signing at Barnes & Noble, Hanes Mall Blvd Saturday Feb. 12 2 p.m. EST 1925 Hampton, Inn Ct. Winston-Salem, NC., Thank you for listening and requesting the Black History Month Special, many  have asked if the program is podcast. While the special is not podcast, please check the website mayaangelouonpublicradio.com for radio airing schedules and visit their website, most of the stations will stream the program live., For my article on the history of Black History month visit http://www.att.com/Common/thebridge/angelou.html, http://www.att.com/Common/thebridge/28days.html?wtSlotClick=1-004THZ-0-1&WT.svl=calltoaction
I remember when there was Black History Day and it was called Negro History Day. The black schools would have entertainment. Then somebody would get up and say some poems or as my teacher said, “render some renditions.” And that was the end of it.  And then we got Black History Week and then Black History Month.  
, I would encourage us all, African Americans, Asians, Latinos, Whites, Native Americans to study history.  I long for the time when all the human history is taught as one history. I am stronger because you are stronger. I am weaker if you are weak.   So we are more alike than we are unlike., Maya Angelou Black History belongs to all of us, listen tonight in Houston, TX on KUHF 88.7 FM at 6:00pm, in Winston-Salem, NC on WFDD – 88.5 FM at 7:00pm, in Atlanta on WABE – 90.1 FM at 8p.m. Some of these stations stream live, you can check their websites. mayaangelouonpublicradio.com, Common will also join me on my Black History Month Special distributed by Public Radio International and the African American Public Radio Consortium http://www.att.com/Common/thebridge/28days.html?wtSlotClick=1-004THZ-0-1&WT.svl=calltoaction, If we must eat, don’t eat out of duty, eat out of delight.  Don’t think that another plate of food will help you with your errant children, or your lover.  We have to be very honest with ourselves., Please visit the website for a list of stations and air times. The Black History Month Special is available to all PRI, Public Radio International affiliated stations and African American Public Radio Consortium stations nationwide. http://mayaangelouonpublicradio.com/ , I welcome you to A Black History Month Special on public radio stations across the nation, underwritten by AT&T and distributed by PRI, Public Radio International. For more information visit http://www.att.com/Common/thebridge/releases/angelou_1-17-11.html
 , If you are going down a road and don't like what's in front of you and look behind you and don't like what you see, get off the road. Create a new path!, I hear there are "Watch Maya" parties going on all over as I am featured on OWN's Master Class tonight.  Thank you., http://www.expressnightout.com/content/2011/01/maya-angelou-great-food-all-day.php, This New Year needs us all, all our hopes all our good wishes, all our smiles and all our gestures of forgiveness.  I wish everybody a happy New Year!, Love liberates!, Merry Christmas and may you have the most prosperous New Year., Original thought. Employ your brain, then trust it., Thank you for your well wishes on my new book, you can listen to NPR’s Morning Edition interview about “Great Food, All Day Long: Cook Splendidly, Eat Smart”. Happy and healthy eating this holiday season.
 
http://www.npr.org/2010/12/16/132080094/maya-angelous-cooking-advice-ignore-the-rules#commentBlock
 , This is what I am learning, at 82 years old, the main thing is to be in love with the search for truth., In New York with the launch of my new book. I've returned to my kitchen and yours with a second cookbook, enjoy! Good food, well made and eaten in moderation., This is a wonderful day, I have never seen this one before., History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, however, if faced with courage, need not be lived again.
http://theblackcandle.com/store/, The honorary duty of a human being is to love.
http://theblackcandle.com/store/, God puts rainbows in the clouds so that each of us - in the dreariest and most dreaded moments - can see a possibility of hope. 
http://theblackcandle.com/store/, I want all my senses engaged. Let me absorb the world's variety and uniqueness.

http://theblackcandle.com/store/, Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at it destination full of hope.
http://theblackcandle.com/store/, If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded.
http://theblackcandle.com/store/, A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.
http://theblackcandle.com/store/, Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
http://theblackcandle.com/store/, I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver. http://theblackcandle.com/store/, I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel., Award-winning author/filmmaker M.K. Asante Jr. says that "if you make an observation, you have an obligation." I am pleased to be the narrator and co-writer of his latest film The Black Candle. You can support this movie by visiting http://theblackcandle.com/store/, Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host., Hold those things that tell your history and protect them., Please support and spread the word about my award-winning film The Black Candle, which I narrate and recite poetry in. This phenomenal film is directed by M.K. Asante Jr. and is now available on DVD here: http://theblackcandle.com/store/, People all over the world use words; the writer comes along and has to use these most-in-use objects, put together a few nouns, pronouns, verbs, adjectives ... and pull them together and make them bounce, throw them against the wall and make people say, 'I never thought of it that way.', For a person who grew up in the ’30s and ’40s in the segregated South, with so many doors closed without explanation to me, libraries and books said, ‘Here I am, read me.’ Over time I have learned I am at my best around books., I hope that in my papers people will find evidence that some of the people they would like to sit on pedestals were just like them, and so each of us has the possibility of being effective in changing our world, even if it's just the world around us. http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/27/arts/design/27archive.html?src=me, I'll be speaking with Lou Gossett Jr. and Director of “Kings of the Evening”,  Andrew P. Jones, the female lead who is now engaged to Jones, a fine actress Linara Washington and the multi-talented beautiful Lynn Whitfield. On Oprah Radio XM 156 and Sirius 195 at 11 a.m. and 4 p.m. EST today., My grandmother used to quote the old saying, "a heap see, but a few know". It's still true., We get phrases you know and we even become known by them.  Be careful of what you say., Be strong enough to tell the truth and maybe, just maybe, learn something from it so you don’t have to repeat., Remembering young poet Mattie Stepanek, a peace bringer,  with his mom, Jeni and talking to children on Oprah Radio XM 156 and Sirius 195 right now., There is a spirit in all music, the spirit has the ability to conjure up thoughts even pictures of something that happened or you wished would happen or you anticipate happening.  Music has the ability to create ideas in you and me. It has the ability to encourage us to be creative., If you have done the best you can do and if you have gotten all you could extract from something -- you have given all you had to give, then the time has come when you can do no more than say thank you and move on., Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and Federal Communications Commission Mignon Clyburn on Oprah Radio 11a.m. & 4p.m XM156, Sirrius 195, Join me at 2 p.m. EST for a conversation with poets Mari Evans and Amira Baracka on Oprah Radio XM156 and Sirius 195, We can study the human being by studying any one of us., Your belief and your work will speak for you., I'll be speaking with Lynn Whitfield, Linara Washington and director Andrew P. Jones on a new film, Kings of the Evening and Lou Gossett on his new book An Actor and A Gentleman, today at 11 a.m. and 4 p.m EST on Oprah Radio XM 156 and Sirius 195., This video was just released on YouTube.  Please join the party! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaHctVAraZ8, The best candy shop a child can be left alone in, is the library., I have used poetry not only to help me understand a strange and sometimes hostile world, but also to help me understand myself., I am speaking with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and President of Liberia Ellen Johnson Sirleaf now on Oprah Radio XM 156 and Sirius 195.  The show will repeat today at 4 p.m. EST and on Sunday at 6 a.m. and 2 p.m EST, Each child belongs to all of us and they will bring us a tomorrow in direct relation to the responsibility we have shown to them., The greatest gift we give to each other is the telling of the truth., The West African women, especially Ghanaians, put both their finger and their thumb together and hold their lips and say, "hold your weapon.", Please join me on Oprah Radio, XM 156 and Sirius 195. 4p.m. EST  I will be speaking with Martha Stewart and Herbie Hancock, two masters in their fields.  I have been on Martha Stewart's program twice and known Herbie Hancock since he was a sprout.  "Imagine" is his new CD.  He adds Pink, John Legend and many diverse artists to the CD., My grandmother raised me and if ever I got a little uppity, she said, "sister find yourself  and sit down". If I was already sitting, I would get up and she would say, "where are you going?"  She meant find yourself inside yourself.  Find yourself inside yourself and sit down., Don't allow anyone to narrow your life down to a mean little tunnel.  All the genius belongs to you, all the books in all the libraries. The poet is accessible, the poet is for everyone., If you can stay in the family and hear of someone who was bold and daring and courageous, as a young person that is heady, that is intoxicating!, I know that you that you may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. If you accept that you have been defeated, you give power to the force that is trying to defeat you., I deal very little in facts, facts can obscure the truth, you can tell so many facts you never get to the truth, you  can tell the places where, the people who, the times when, the reasons why, and never get to the human truth which is love and pain and loss and triumph., Hate is as virulent as poison and so I will not indulge it., there is o place where God is not. If you are in prison, in a brutal relationship or lonely, God is there., Leslie Sanchez attended my garden party and posted this Op Ed piece on CNN.  http://www.cnn.com/2010/OPINION/06/02/sanchez.angelou.women/index.html?iref=storysearch, We are citizens of the world, so much so, that the oil spill will affect every American.  Whoever is responsible, in their neglect, has put the world at risk., Be certain that you do not die without having  done something  wonderful for humanity., Please join my garden party! http://www.oprah.com/home/Dr-Maya-Angelous-Garden-Party, Today's show on Oprah Radio XM 156 and Sirius 195 is a wonderful Garden Party Birthday Celebration given for me.  Please listen 11 a.m. EST, 4 p.m. EST, A day away acts as a spring tonic. It can dispel rancor, transform indecision, and renew the spirit., Listen to the show tomorrow as veterans honor their own for Memorial Day and always. Find out why some veterans say they have two wars to fight, one away and one when they return home.  Check Oprah.com for details., People can only do what they know to do, not what you think they should know, not even what they think they say they know, they can only do what they know to do., I wish I had written the lyrics to the song,"Believe", popularized by Brooks and Dunn.  Please look at the video and watch their special tonight Sunday May 23rd 8 p.m. EST on CBS. Jennifer Hudson will perform. When Quincy Jones said he didn't play a certain kind of music, Ray Charles said "good music is good music, don't be a fool all your life."
http://www.metacafe.com/watch/sy-35254826/brooks_dunn_believe_official_music_video/, Please join me on Twitter, I have posted some photographs from the garden party which was just mentioned on CNN.  Thank you for the well wishes!, You will be healed by the morning dew of truth., As I gaze at my garden and regard the varying colors the Creator has made for us, red, yellow, blue, white, pink, purple, etc..., I also think of the many colors the Creator has made of us, black, beige, brown, red, yellow and white -- and all of us are beautiful. I will launch a Twitter account today DrMayaAngelou and post pictures from my garden party birthday celebration. Please join me on Twitter!, The Maya Angelou Program on Oprah Radio XM 156 and Sirius 195 is sponsored by Lowes. The program airs at 11 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Wednesdays and 5 a.m. Saturday and 6 a.m and 2 p.m on Sunday all times EST. You can also hear clips from the shows by searching the archives on Oprah.com/radio http://www.oprah.com/oprahradio/About-Oprah-Radio-Host-Dr-Maya-Angelou, Today, I will be speaking with Malaak Compton Rock, her new book is, If It Takes a Village, Build One and author Lisa J.Shannon, her book is A Thousand Sisters, is all about the women of the Congo she supports. These women are servants, please listen. 11 a.m  and 4 p.m. EST, Today, I am speaking with Walter Mosley, Isabel Allende and a wonderfully talented poet from Haiti, Michele Voltaire Marcelin.  We'll be discussing writing and how writers see the world.  Today at 4 p.m. Saturday at 5 a.m. and Sunday at 6 a.m. and 2p.m. all times EST on Oprah Radio XM 156 and Sirius 195., The sculpture and the poetry are one.  The painting and the fiction are one.  The dance and the music are one. We inspire each other and we take from each other and we give
 a description of the society that will live in, in any of the genre we choose to work, or which chooses us to work., We are all involved in gardening as parents we are raising children.  As mates we are developing relationships with our husbands and wives. As citizens we are involved in our communities, politically and socially, in our churches in our temples in our synagogues.  When we accept  the responsibility to look after something other than our very selves, we really become the citizens of the world we're supposed to be., Confidence comes from being certain of your past working in the present and hoping for the future., For everyone and all the garden enthusiasts, The Maya Angelou Show on Oprah Radio, will air the garden show recorded a few weeks ago tomorrow.  Check Oprah.com for show times.  I’ll be speaking with my gardener of 29 years, Mary Brownlee (my son calls her Mary Greenlee) and I’ll answer some of the questions you posted on Facebook.  Thanks for your interest., Dorothy  Height had great courage and no bravado., Good is no different than evil in that, when you do good, it goes everywhere beyond the realm of itself., The nature of evil is that it lives in realms beyond itself. So it is hard to get a handle on it because it goes down here and sprouts up over there. It affects us all, so the peacemaker might become violent because so much violence is around him or her., I have encouraged myself and I encourage others to tell the truth.  However, there is this: you don't have to tell everything you know. When you are questioned be direct and brief and truthful.  Just tell the truth., I think that any truth you tell is a total truth.  Tell the truth don’t shuck and jive., Dr. Dorothy Height inherited from Dr. Mary McLeod Bethune and each of us male and female, black and white, Native American, Asian, Spanish speaking,  we have inherited from her. I am grateful for her great heart and her great brain. And I am grateful to consider myself as one of her millions of daughters., Services can and should be paid for, but there's no currency that you can use to pay for care., The platter does not diminish.  The jobs, the requirements, the requests continue to pile up. But  I  do know this: we are equal to the mountains that confront us., What is power? How do we attain it? Power sometimes runs people mad. Sometimes it runs them to the wall. Sometimes it informs them -- now is the chance to be the best you can be., Talent and Creativity  come from the Creator.  On the show tomorrow,  Queen Latifah and Common, then Chris Rock and Dolly Parton on Talent and Creativity.  Check Oprah.com for show times., I live in the Southeast. We have been fortunately or unfortunately been visited with a lot of winter. In fact someone called it, "the United States of snow". I placated myself and made myself come quiet, because no matter how bad it is we are going to have a great spring, a fabulous spring!, Listen to a clip from the show What It Means To Be An American., Today 4p.m. Sat 5a.m. &  Sun  6a.m. and 2 p.m.(EST) I will discuss what it means to be an American? Listen to a Cuban American, a Colonel who also teaches high school, an educator who has worked in many countries and a young woman who transformed her life from addiction to sobriety as a resident of The Maya Angelou House in West Virginia on Oprah Radio. Expand the idea of family., My Uncle Willie stuttered, had one leg that was shorter than the other and he was a rainbow in my cloud. I am a rainbow in somebody's cloud.  Each of you has that possibility.  I know who you really are and my encouragement is for you to be all of that!, Thank you for suggesting that I keep Haiti on our minds. Tomorrow, conversations with Haitian author Edwidge Danticat, Quincy Jones and recently back from Chile, novelist Isabel Allende. Check Oprah.com for details, We are all called on to be more than distant observers,  so we don’t have to ask am I my brother’s keeper, you have to admit I am him, I am her., Areas of our planet are being besieged by catastrophe, earthquakes in Haiti, Chili and Turkey, landslides tornados, hurricanes and floods around the world leave none of us unscathed. I am amazed and saddened that while fellow human beings are being challenged so rudely, instead of helping each other some of us still have the time and desire to go to war., To all the gardeners or those who want to be, let me know what you are planning for spring and what you would want me to discuss concerning gardens. If you are long time members of garden clubs or recent members, I want to hear your stories. We are planning a show on gardens and the gardens in our lives. What types of seeds are you sowing?, When you see Lee Daniel's' "Precious" and know this story you'll see how much courage can serve those who have none. How much courage can give voice to those who are voicless.  And those of us who have a little courage, we can develop more., If you don't have Sirius XM, here's a link for a 30-free trial!, I am a serious student of the blues. I'll be speaking with B.B. King, Bonnie Raitt and Shemekia Copeland on Wednesday., Please send me some of your ideas for the radio show, people you would like me to have as guests, topics you would like me to cover and I will do my best.  Leave suggestions here or at www.oprah.com/oprahradio/About-Oprah-Radio-Host-Dr-Maya-Angelou, Director Lee A. Daniels says some of us forget faces like "Precious", what are your thoughts on the movie?, I'm on Oprah Radio talking about the Olympics this year and with Olympians from the Beijing games, but right now I am speaking with Lee A. Daniels, the director of  a movie nominated  for 6 Oscars, Precious. I f you don't have XM or Sirrius https://home.sirius.com/sirpromosetupview.do?utm_campaign=SIR30DAYTRIAL&utm_source=TOPH&utm_medium=BAP, At our very best each one of us is an Olympian. Each American takes responsibility for the time he or she takes up and for the space he or she occupies. At our very, very best we want to come to the world as a world citizen., No human being can be more human than another human being.  I liberate you from my ignorance., My deepest sympathy and condolences to the family of Nodar Kumaritashvili and Olympians everywhere. I wrote this poem for the Summer Olympic Games in Beijing and now offer it to you. It is for all of us., For the Olympics the sport is not without spirit.  By that I do mean some spirituality. These young men and women appear to me to be balanced, not just trying to be all athlete, muscle, sinew, sweat and bone, but also spirit, hope, dream and soul.  They represent us., I think that it is important that we have romance in our lives, or else we are brutish and rude and crude we need the soft voice, we need the kind word.  Sometimes in lyrics you can hear the sincerity of love., Time for love and I don’t mean mush or
sentimentality. Love stories from Mary J. Blige, Amy Grant,  Cee Cee
Winans,  Denise Jackson, Tony Bennett,  Freddie Jackson, Dolly Parton,
Chaka Khan and Oprah.  Celebrate Valentine’s Day on my Oprah Radio
show tomorrow, 11 a.m and 4 p.m EST.  Wednesday February 10th
on Oprah Radio XM 156 or Sirius 195. Here's a link for a 30 day free trial!, If you don't have Oprah Radio on XM 156 or Sirius 195, listen to a part of the Chris Rock interview on Good Hair here..., What did you think of “Good Hair”? Chris Rock’s movie, Good Hair, comes out on DVD this week. I interviewed Mr. Rock when the movie first came out and two women on what their hair means to them and Rhanni Flowers, First Lady Michelle Obama’s former stylist of 18 years. Listen tomorrow on Oprah Radio., I like an honest person. A man who is a man and proud to be a man, not a brute, not a batterer, a man., Women & Men, See how important it is for us to look past complexion and see community.


Listen to the interview with Toby Keith today at 7 p.m. EST on Oprah Radio XM 156 & Sirius 195., Last week, Robin Thicke, Carly Simon and Sam Moore of Sam and Dave gave us a history of R&B. This week country singer Toby Keith remembers Wayman Tisdale and Diamond Rio tells us what has kept this spiritual country music group together 20 years. 7 p. m. EST today. If you don't have Sirius/XM, click on the link for a 30-day FREE trial. Oprah Radio is XM 156 & Sirius 195, Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you can't practice any other virtues consistently. You can't be consistently kind or fair or humane or generous, not without courage, because if you don't have it, sooner or later you will stop and say, "The threat is too much. The difficulty is too high. The challenge is too great.", Haiti, Every human being I encounter, I accept, as myself, because he nor she can feel anything I don't feel., Human Beings, Thoughts on My Show on Oprah Radio today, Poetry, I will have the pleasure of speaking with Carly Simon, young Mr. Robin Thicke and Sam Moore of Sam and Dave tomorrow on Oprah Radio. 11 a.m. 4 p.m. and 7 p.m EST Check Oprah.com/radio, "You can't really say I am my brother's keeper. The truth is: I am him, I am her."  - Dr. Maya Angelou, In and Out of Time, And Still I Rise, "When I think about giving, I am reminded that it is more blessed to give than to receive. I think that the person who gives the gift, the money, the prayer, the encouragement, the clothes, the food, the person who gives the gift himself, herself is enlarged by the giving." - Dr. Maya Angelou, null, "There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you."
(My new story is available on DVD at http://theblackcandle.com), "Here, on the pulse of this new day
You may have the grace to look up and out
And into your sister's eyes, and into
Your brother's face, your country
And say simply
Very simply
With hope --
Good morning."
(More inspiration in my New Movie: http://theblackcandle.com), "When you learn, teach, when you get, give."
(More inspiration in my new film: http://theblackcandle.com), "Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away." 
(Find more inspiration in my new movie: http://theblackcandle.com), I invite you all to "Become A Fan" of my latest film:
http://www.facebook.com/pages/The-Black-Candle/123657411090
Thank you., "See, you don’t have to think about doing the right thing if you are for the right thing then you’ll do it without thinking.", "I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver.", "Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you can't practice any other virtue consistently. You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage.", "I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass.", "If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. Don't complain.", "It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.", "A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer; it sings because it has a song.", Love recognizes no barriers.  It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope., "You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated.  In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so that you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.", "You can only become truly accomplished at something you love.  Don't make money your goal.  Instead, pursue the things you love doing, and then do them so well that people can't take their eyes off you.", "I can be changed by what happens to me, but I refuse to be reduced by it.", "I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.")