List(Check out the new desserts! Chef Joshua was a former Pastry Chef., We will be opening on Easter at 2:00 and taking reservations for all size parties. Our new spring menu will be featured also with some great specials., Come in to try our delicious Shrimp Scampi tonight for just $15. I even added some Spinach to it, "everyone needs their veggies!', It's the weekend and it's Prime Sirloin time! Treat yourself to some Barolo by the glass as well!, HappySt. Patrick's Day! We will be offering a Flatiron Steak with a Guinness Sauce, Truffled Tater Tots, Creamed Spinach and Kale for our meat special tonight., My new Chef Joshua just made some new great desserts., Let's get the party started early this year! Bring your strollers, dogs "no barking allowed" and small farm animals for all I care. New kids menu, new adult menu and always new wines on the list👍, Delicious new Cod dish! It comes with Wild Mushrooms, Garlicky Braised Chicory, Edamame and a Foie Gras Veloute. We also have a Madeira Roasted Wild Mushroom Risotto entree, Crab Cake and Brussels Sprout apps. Wash them down with a nice White wine from Gavi by the glass., Great specials tonight to get you over the hump!, Yes, it's going to be frigid out tonight, but you will see real frigid if you don't take your special someone to the Bistro tonight for our 3 course dinner for only $45. We have some reservations left and room for last minute walk ins at our dinner bar., Don't forget to book Valentine's Day with us!! 3 course dinner for $45 Saturday and Sunday!! We will be accepting reservations of all sizes!!, Have you seen our latest news?, The Bistro will be open tonight, "as always!", In case you missed it!, Bistro's New Dinner Menu, The snow is falling heavily, come on down and join us at the Bistro for some food and drinks! We are still open normal hours!!, Check out our most recent newsletter!, null, The Bistro has 2 great seats for Bruins available for tonight's game. $200 for the pair. Text or call John @ 617 699 8882, Just to let everyone know, we will be closed on Superbowl Sunday, but be sure to book your Valentine's Day Reservation with Us! Saturday and Sunday 3 course meal for $45!!!, In case you missed it!, Have you seen our latest news?, Come check out our lamb pot roast special this evening!!, New menus making their appearance tonight! Bison "Make you strong like bull and lean and mean!", It's cold day out there! Come to the Bistro for some warm food and a nice glass of wine. We have a Bison Sirloin,Charcuterie Board and many other fantastic specials from our new chef, Michael Chandler!!, The Bistro will be rolling out a new menu this month! Tonight's Specials will be a variety of our new menu! Come check it out!, Chef Michael Chandler has prepared a fantastic Pecan-Crusted Grouper, Grilled Venison, and Braised Short Ribs for the specials this evening. Come have some wine and an awesome meal!, Come check our specials at the Bistro this evening!! New chef, Michael Chandler has prepared a wonderful Hazel-Nut Crusted Alaskan Halibut, Grilled Venison, and a Grilled Veal Chop!!! Come  get it while it lasts!!!, Get your Winter Classic Bottles here!, Start the year off right with a glass of Bordeaux with Foie Gras!, We are open tonight with great specials from our new Chef Michael. Spicy Lamb Meatballs with Fried Feta will fix you right up!, $45 discount seating after 10:15 for New Year's Eve, We have some reservattions available. Fireworks are right outside our door at midnight!

New Year’s Eve Menu

First Course (choose one)
Lobster & Coconut Bisque
shrimp toast, red curry, lemongrass

Heirloom Beet Salad
baby arugula, herbed goat cheese, toasted hazelnuts, chestnut honey vinaigrette

Grilled Baby Iceberg Salad
smoked bacon, marinated tomatoes, fried pickled shallots, candied walnuts, buttermilk-blue cheese vinaigrette

Second Course (Choose One)
Torchon of Hudson Valley Foie Gras
port-poached pear, fig puree, walnut crumble, tarragon-vanilla bean vinaigrette, brioche 

Escargot 'Pie'
rosemary-sea salt crust, smoked bacon, red wine-braised wild mushrooms

Tuna Tartare
puffed rice, white soy, yuzu, radish, mango, shiso, crispy taro chips

Cauliflower Risotto
preserved truffle, brown butter, shaved parmesan, meyer lemon

Spicy Lamb Meatballs
crispy feta, chermoula, pine nuts, charred tomato sauce

Third Course (Choose One)
Seared Scallops or Grilled Red Snapper
pickled beech mushrooms, golden squash, sesame & pumpkin seeds, herbal-yuzu broth

Wild Mushroom Strudel
shaved asparagus, arugula & parmesan salad, rosemary-goat cheese polenta, porcini reduction

Cabernet-Braised Short Rib
shallot marmalade, roasted wild mushroom & cipollini pappardelle, horseradish creme fraiche, pink peppercorn jus

Grilled Filet Mignon
marrow butter, black truffle-gruyere gratin, braised greens, heirloom carrots, bordelaise sauce

Fourth Course (choose one)
Flourless Chocolate Cake
coconut sorbet, raspberry, lime caramel

Chai Spiced Panna Cotta
poached pear, honeycomb, toasted almond

Tres Leche Cake
caramelized banana, burnt sugar ice cream, rum sauce

$45 from 5:00-5:45****** $60 from 6:00-11:00, In case you missed it!, Check out our offer on www.giltcity.com, Check out our most recent newsletter!, Christmas Eve Menu at The Bistro, Gift Card Promotion and Welcome new Chef MIchael, Give Some Bistro Love for the Holidays!, Holiday gift card promotion! You will receive a $20 bonus gift card for every $100 gift card you purchase. This promotion is valid until Christmas Eve. Remember we are open for Christmas Eve with a three course menu for $45., In case you missed it!, Only have 3 cases and 1 case is for me!, The official Winter Classic bottle is here at the Bistro from the great winemaker David Miner. They will not last long, so come in for din and take the bottle home with you., Happy and Thankful for having the best guests in the best neighborhood! Looking forward to being open on Christmas Eve this year!, Tasting good at pre meal!, A personal favorite fish of Fluke on special tonight. Wash it down with some of our great French wine!, We have some seats left for this great dinner at a great price. I hope you can join us!, JOIN US NOVEMBER 12TH AT 7:00 FOR A FOUR COURSE NEW ZEALAND WINE DINNER. COST $60  RSVP  TO:  JOHN@NAVYYARDBISTRO.COM
JILLIAN SMITH FROM THE VILLA MARIA WINERY WILL BE ON HAND TO TALK ABOUT THESE DELICIOUS WINES.

GREEN LIP MUSSELS IN A RED CURRY BASIL BROTH
DRY RIESLING

GRAPEFRUIT SALAD
SAUVIGNON BLANC
SINGLE VINEYARD SAUVIGNON BLANC

LAMB CHOPS WITH GOAT CHEESE POTATO CAKE, SWISS CHARD, ROSEMARY RED WINE DEMI GLACE
SINGLE VINEYARD PINOT NOIR

KIWI SHORTCAKE, null, null, Save the date! New Zealand  wine dinner Thursday, November 12 at 7:00. Details to follow on Monday., Tasting some delicious Vermont Ice Cider. We will have 2 on ice tomorrow night and for the rest of the fall!, Great specials for tonight plus I have a single vineyard Pinot from NZ for a great value-packed price that you will think it "fell off a truck".
 Appetizers
Freshly Shucked Corn Chowder $7
 
Seafood Stuffed Grilled Avocado
Smoked P.E.I. Mussels, Lump Crab Meat, 
Honey Chipotle Vinaigrette $12
Entrees
Corn & Goat Cheese Ravioli (Vegetarian)
House Made Ravioli, Leeks, Spinach, Aged Parmesan, 
Lite Cream Sauce $19.5

Grilled Marinated Swordfish
Parsnip Puree, Roasted Heirloom Tomato & Avocado Salsa, 
Red Wine Reduction $26

Grilled 12 oz Buffalo Sirloin
Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Sautéed Spinach, Roasted White Chanterelle Mushrooms, Bordelaise Sauce $34, Have you tried our Gluten Free Vegetarian Lasagna? Great way to start the week off along with our Fish Tacos Special tonight!, It's still summer at the Bistro with Fish Tacos on the patio tonight!, Who wants to take their kid to the Bruins Exhibition game tonight in " The Bistro" seats. message me or text me., Seafood Tower App for tonight!, I'm closing Tuesday but Reopening Wednesday with new paint, curtains, food, wine,  menus, General Manager "Jennifer" but the same old me. Sorry, you can't have it all and still stuck with me., Book you next event with us! We hosted a beautiful small wedding yesterday.  We will be rocking the patio tonight for Labor Day and be closing tomorrow Tuesday, September 8th for renovations. Join us Wednesday night for our grand reopening with fresh new paint, curtains and menus!, Join us for dinner tonight and watch the fireworks right outside our patio at 9:00!, Pairing up some Zin and Pinot Gris for the specials tonight., Great specials of Halibut and Grilled Marinated Cornish Game Hen tonight. Perfect night again for the patio!, We will be poring $11 glasses of Moët and $18 Caymus Cabernet all week long to celebrate our 11 year anniversary., Great night to dine at Bistro!, Fresh Herb and Lemon Stuffed Bronzini and "my favorite" Roasted Cornish Game Hen with Wild Mushrooms and Foie Gras Jus for specials tonight! We also added a Roasted Zucchini Hummus and a Heirloom Tomato and Mozzarella Salad on our late summer menu., Shaved Summer Vegetable Stuffed Sole with Crab and a Lemon Caper Pan Sauce. Yes, this is my lunch and I approve this dish for tonight's special., Grilled Swordfish and Fish Tacos are on the menu for the perfect summer evening., Chill out at our cool bar or patio with our Fresh Watermelon Cocktail. Try our Watermelon and Feta Salad go with it., We will also be offering Siduri wine flights and great specials to pair with the wine if you can't attend the dinner at at 7:00 tonight., Happy Bastille Day! We have French Wine on special tonight and Qual "Au Vin"., Guest Chef Tim Patridge has created his menu for this Wednesday night's Siduri Wine Dinner. If you love great Pinot Noir, you must attend this great diner with the winemaker Adam Lee. $75 a person and RSVP to john@navyyardbistro.com or call 617-242-0036.

Striper Ceviche with Sweet Potatoes, Corn and Roasted Poblano Chilies.
Sliced Sirloin with Pickled Chanterelles, Asparagus and Vine Ripe Tomatoes
Fingerling Potatoes, Grilled Red Onion and Fried Shishito Peppers
Grilled Season Vegetables with Pesto
Whole Roasted Striper, Basil, Lemon, Fennel
Strawberry Shortcake, Banilla Bean Cream

We will be serving some great Sparkling Wine to start and then three Pinots for the vineyards of Siduri., Great specials for tonight!, We are open tonight and serving food until 8:30. Come and celebrate the 4th with me!, Lobster Risotto is back on our menu!  Our new handmade Corn Ravioli is delicious along with our Watermelon and Feta Salad., My annual "Nerves of Steel" Putt Putt Party this Wednesday night is taking place at the Residence Inn Marriot in Charlestown from 6 to 10. I hope you can make it or you can make a donation online at www.crowdrise.com/johnmoore  All proceeds go to Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital., Great Wagyu Steak and Scallop Specials tonight. Sit at the bar with Dad and watch the U.S. Open for a perfect Father's Day!, You have to try our new Bison Sirloin on the menu. Lean and Mean!, Celebrate Memorial Day in the Navy Yard. Patio is open are we have our neighborhood night specials!, Come chill at the Bistro this weekend and indulge in our Two Way Duck Special. We have added 12 new wines to the list for the summer including three Roseahs., null, null, The patio will be open tomorrow and we open at 2:00 for Mom's Day. Taking reservations for all size parties., We will be open for Mother's Day at 2:00 and taking reservations for all size parties. Our new Spring Menu will be featured along with some of Mom's favorite specials., The patio is open and Fish Tacos are back on Sunday and Monday nights!, null, I'm pouring some great Spanish and South African wines to go with our specials., Tonight at the Bistro is going to be the balls!  Bison and Kurobuta Pork Meatballs for an appetizer and Venison and Striped Bass for entree specials., Fish Tacos are back on the menu for our Sunday and Monday "Neighborhood" nights., Ready to roll!, Sunfish with Orange Beurre Blanc and Risotto and Veal Chop with Truffle Mash and a Roasted Shallot Demi Glacé for specials tonight!, We will be serving Easter Dinner with our regular menu plus some great specials and taking reservations for all size parties starting 2:00., Specials for tonight!

Soup
Tomato Ginger
Crispy Leeks 

Appetizer
Chicken Liver Mousse
Caramelized Shallots, Garlic Bread Crostini 

Entree
White Wine Poached Halibut
Black Truffle Smashed Yukon Potatoes, Tomato Concassé,  Lemon Thyme Beurre Blanc, Duck Two Ways and Monkfish for specials tonight. We are also featuring a delicious GSM blend from South Africa for a the red special., Our guests were raving about our tasting menus last night. Even if you are not on a Valentines's date, come on in and indulge. You deserve it after a day of shoveling., Celebrate Valentine's Day tonight! We will be open and offering a four course menu for just $45. We will also have our regular menu and specials., Another snow storm, another great night to dine at the Bistro. Chicken Parm pairs well with blizzards., null, We are taking reservations for Valentine's day. Check out our prix fix menu online.

www.navyyardbistro.com, Yes! We are open tonight and have some great Post Super Bowl Specials. Take a ride down!, Delicious Halibut special for tonight! We are ready to rock for our Super Bowl party. Hope you can join us!, Open again tonight! Take a ride down!, The Bistro will be open tonight and serving dinner until 8:00. We WILL be open tomorrow night!  It pays to hire local and have a hotel across the street to house our staff. Ski and snowboard gear is suggested attire!, Hope you can attend my Super Bowl party. We will have 60 inch HD TV in dining room with great sound as well as a TV at the Bar and Back Room., Halibut and Denver Leg of Venison for Specials tonight! 

We will be having a private party for the Super Bowl starting at 5:00. $80 includes tax and gratuity

Choice of entrees:
Ancho Chili and Coffee Braised Short Ribs with Cheddar Polenta and Horseradish Pickled Green Beans.
Seared Scallops over Crab Risotto with Oyster Mushrooms and Asparagus Spears 

Choice of Mixed Green Salad or Caesar Salad

Passed apps of Tuna Tartar, Flatbreads, Wild Mushroom Arancinis 

Unlimited Moët Champagne!!!
Premium Wines and Beer

Email John@navyyardbistro.com to RSVP 
limited to only 50 Patriot fans and zero Seahawks, The sound for the game will be on our stereo speakers with high definition.  First 25 patrons get great chance to win $50 gift card!, Always a fun day and more fun with some added prizes and action!, The first 50 Patrons this Sunday receive 4 squares for the Patriots game. A $50 gift card will be given out every quarter. You must be present to win and can be used anytime after Sunday.  We open at 3:00. See Heather At the bar to fill in your squares!, The Bistro will open again at 3:00 on Championship Sunday. We will have 3 TVs including a large TV with speakers in the dining room with stadium seating.  We will be featuring a limited menu and have some favorite football apps "Wings!"  Arrive early to claim your seat!!!, Are you getting in shape for the new year! Try our Gluten Free Lasagna made Corn Pasta and Roasted Vegetables!, Great special for a frigid the night! Pan Seared Local Fluke, Braised Short Ribs and Twin Bacon Wrapped Stuffed Quail. The heat is blasting at the Bistro and plenty of parking right out front!, Seared Scallops with a Potato Hash and Bacon Wrapped and Wild Mushroom Risotto Stuffed Quail for specials tonight!, The Bistro still has some discounted early seating available for our new years' eve four course dinner and later seating at 10:00.  We take reservation for the bar too and there are several times available.  The fireworks are at midnight right outside the restaurant., Potato, Onion and Jack Cheese Latka with a Cranberry and Fig Relish for app special tonight., Give some Bistro Holiday Love! Now until December 23rd, buy $100 worth of gift cards and receive another $20 one for free., A delicious Milk Fed Veal Filet Mignon for special!  Great night to come in, no large parties on the books!  Plus, we have Barolo by the glass tonight for only $14, or you can go to Nantucket and drink it for twenty a glass!  Ha!, We have some new wines by the glass and several more bottles. Come on in and enjoy!, Scallops are on the special menu this weekendm, just picked up these U10s at the Fish market this morning. Check out our new gluten free menu items. Our Goat Cheese with the Beet Salad is now crusted in Corn Flakes, the Salmon has Tamari "a gluten free" soy product in the marinade and the sauce is now made up coconut milk and sweet chili. Menu item cooked in our fryer are all gluten free. We will also be making a Roasted Vegetable Lasagna with Corn Pasta.  See you this weekend!, Braised Waygu Beef Wellington with Chanterelle Mushrooms and a Pan Roasted Monkfish  with Sweet Potato & Ginger and Brandy Cider Cream Reduction for entree specials. We also have a Whipped Salt Cod Gratin for app and Creamy Spinach and Cheddar Soup., Great food to keep you warm this weekend! Pan Seared Local Pollack and a Duck Breast for Entree Specials tonight. We also have have a Smoked Mussel App and a Lobster Bisque., Please join us this Sunday, November 16th from 1:00 to 3:00 for great food and wine to support the Harvest on The Vine Food Pantry in Charlestown. All the food and wine is donated from the Bistro so all the proceeds go towards the Food Pantry, "Father Jim said I get a free pass to Heaven for this to make up for all my missed visits to Church." $50 at the door. We"ll be making a Roast Pork with an Apple Brandy Sauce and Butternut Squash Raviolies. Hope to see you there!, New Apps on the menu include a Chicken Liver and Foie Gras Pate and a Pan Fried Lump Crab Cake. Stay tuned for upcoming Wine Tasting!, Big Monday tonight! Our famous $12 Meatloaf and $15 Chicken Parm is in the menu as well a Nantucket Fluke for fish special., The Bistro will be closed this Sunday evening for a private party to benefit local charities. Sorry for any inconvenience. Stay tuned for new menu items and a gluten free menu!, Free bruins tix for today's 100 game. 2 tix. Great seats. Call me at 617 699 8882 to pick up at bistro., Get comfortable tonight after a long weekend with our Chicken Parm made with Fresh Pasta and Mozzerella. Just $15!, Great specials for tonight!, The Bistro will be closed tonight due to a power outage in the Navy Yard. We will reopen tomorrow night., I have 2 free bruins tix for tonight's game.  Send me a message if you want to pick them up at Bistro., Get comfortable at the Bistro on Sunday and Monday nights. Chicken Parm with Fresh Mozzarella and Pasta will be featured on our "Neighborhood Nights" menu along with our famous Meatloaf., Great specials tonight! Tuscan Fish Stew and a Veal Tenderloin. The patio will be open all weekend with this great weather., New fall menu is taking place. Try our new Short Ribs with Wild Mushrooms and Gnocchi and our Sweet Corn Ravioli. All Pasta and Gnocchi made in house., $10 Moët by the glass tonight to celebrate our 10 year anniversary!!!, Only a couple months left to book the best outdoor party table in the city!, Duck three ways special this weekend!!!
-pan seared breast,confit leg, grilled duck & orange liquor sausage, crispy fingerling potatoes, micro green & watermelon salad, roasted duck demi-glacé $30, We will be open for dinner on July 4th.  Come in and have our Lobster Risotto to celebrate!, Lobster Risotto with Roasted Corn, Confit Cherry Tomatoes, Oyster Mushrooms and Aged Parmesan Is now on the menu!!!, We will be open for Father's Day at 4:00 and serving our regular dinner plus some of Dad's favorite specials. We will take reservations for all size parties. Book a large party and have this table in our courtyard., Mango and coconut gazpacho with dragon fruit and candied almonds. Have this and Fish Tacos on our patio these next 2 beautiful nights!, Figawi this!

 Thai Fish Cake with Frisee and Cucumber Salad with Sweet Chili Sauce. At a Navy Yard Bistro near you., Fish taco plate, every Sunday and Monday night! Try our new Grilled Avocado with Crab Appetizer., We are open at 2;00 today with some great Mother's Day specials!, Bluefish special with romesco sauce, sweet mango & haricot vert salad, heirloom tomatoes, toasted baguette, Our $14 Fish Taco Plate with Guacamole , Roasted Tomato Salsa and Spanish Rice is back on for our Sunday and Monday neighborhood nights. Don't forget about our $12 Grass Fed Meatloaf., Now serving at the Bistro!, We will be open for Easter at 2:00 and are taking reservations for all size parties. We will be featuring our regular menu plus some great specials. Have you tried our new Lamb Shank dish with Polenta and Dijon Demi Glacé? Delish!!!, We have some seats left today for the Charlestown Chamber of Commerce lunch with guest speaker City Councilor Sal Lamatina. Lunch starts at 12:00!, Tonight's Hake Special with cauliflower purée, roasted baby turnip, cherry tomato compote, watercress, Roasted Parsnip Soup, pickled baby beets, candied ginger almonds, smoky parsnip crisps and finished with grated nutmeg,, Delicious Monkfish over Ratatouille tonight!, Cod, fingerling potato, artichokes, pickled swiss chard ribs, meyer lemon chips, caper cream.  Come and get it!!!, Going big by the glass tonight! Four Vines "the Peasant" 2006.  Only 768 magnums produced! Perfect with our Lamb Chop special., Come to the Bistro to drink great wine without breaking the bank !, Please stop by the Bistro today to show your support for Dan Ryan from 5:00 to 7:00. We"ll have complimentary appetizers. Charlestown has a great opportunity to have one of it's own represent us in the State House., Skate Wing, pea risotto, brown butter foam, sherry vinegar gelée, croutons, caper berries, Come in a watch the Olympics with a great bottle wine!, Veal Marsala and $7 wine specials for our snowstorm specials tonight!, A delicious and sexy Flounder dish and a Chicken Stroganoff with homemade Spatzle for specials tonight!, Great specials to keep you warm tonight!

Duck Confit with Basmati Rice Pilaf, Farm Egg, Tempura Snap Peas and Rosemary Red Wine Reduction $22

Brioche Crusted Cod with Smashed Fingerling Potatoes, Tomato & Eggplant Caponata, Pickled Cranberries, Roasted Garlic Aioli $24, Sesame Crusted Flounder tonight along with Pork Osso Bucco!, Tonight's Scallop special with Cauliflower Purée , Charred Scallion, Candied Bacon, Pickled Asparagus and Spicy Black Bean Sauce.  Plus a Bolognese and Twin Roasted Bacon Wrapped Semi Boneless Quail stuffed with Wild Mushroom Risotto.  I'm sure we will also have these specials tomorrow night!, Crab Cakes with Mixed Green Salad and Wild Mushroom Stuffed Quail for specials tonight. Plus, we are pouring some great vino by the glass from Rioja, Spain for just $10 a glass. Perfect with the Quail special or our Homemade Wild Mushroom Raviolies., Shrimp and Grits tonight!, Bistro is ready for a fun snowstorm night with post New Year's Eve specials. We"ll have Four Gras, Filet Oscar, Jumbo Scallops and Duck., We have some early bird $45 seatings available from 5:00 until 6:00!, Check out our New Year's Eve menu online. Www. Navyyardbistro.com  Reservations are filling up fast!, Need last minute gifts? Have no fear the Bistro is here! Well, at least until 1:00, then I need to start my shopping., Free piggy back rides with every gift card bought tonight!, Give some Bistro love for the holidays! Buy a $100 gift card and receive an additional $20 card for free. This offer is good until December 23rd., If it starts to snow heavily, please don't call us to see if we are open. The Bistro is always open with a full menu! Come in tonight for great specials and join your neighbors for holiday cheer!, The ultimate Surf & Turf tonight. Wagyu Ribeye with Lobster Squid Ink Risotto!! You deserve to indulge tonight!, We made a great Bolognese with our Grass Fed Sirloin with some Fresh Mozzerella for tonight. Enjoy!, Parsnip Soup and Beets and Watercress tonight. And for the big news, the Hanger Steak is back for $18 and $24 portions. We also have a new thick cut of Swordfish on the menu with Wild Mushroom Pilaf, Cippolini Onions and Roasted Tomato Goat Cheese Vinaigrette for $25. Great fall fish dish that can be paired with white or red wine., Carlos making the pasta for our  homemade Pumpkin Raviolies.  We also have a delicious Braised Lamb Shank and Grilled Swordfish tonight., We will be closed tonight for a private event to benefit local charities. Sorry for any inconvenience.  Our new neighbor Pier 6 restaurant will be open,, Please join us this Tuesday, October 29th from 6:30 to 8:30 for a wine dinner from the Vineyards of Anne Amie. $60


Dry Riesling
Lobster Corn Bisque

Pinot Gris
Salmon, Grilled Asian Pear Salad

Two styles of Pinot Noir
Coq Au Vin, Wild Mushrooms

Liquid Dessert
Two Dessert Wines to sample
 
We will have the Red Sox game on at 8:00 so you will not miss an inning. 

Call 617 242 0036 or email john@navyyardbistro.com to RSVP, Big Steaks , Big Wines and Big People in the House tonight!, Braised Lamb Shanks with Homemade Gnocchi tonight!, Wiener Schnitzel on special tonight for the Red Sox game. Watch it on the big screen in the back room or the bar., New wines by the glass tonight and many new bottles. Scallops, Lobster Risotto and Ribeye for specials!, Come in to try our overnight braised Shortribs tonight., Crawfish Gumbo makes it's debut tonight! Only $14 and even better with our $7 wine special.  Watch the game at the bar with Kate or watch on the big screen the back room., Lamb Shanks braised in Veal  Stock and Red Wine on special this weekend.  You will love the Cheddar Polenta that it's paired with along with a silky style glass of Zin., Last night for Fish Tacos, next week we will feature Crawfish Gumbo on our Sunday and Monday neighborhood nights., Fireworks on the harbor at 9:00 tonight to celebrate our 9 year anniversary!, Great night for for Grilled Swordfish on our patio and our Panko Crusted Hake Special. Plus, the best Salmon this side of Copper River!, Great night for Scallops, Lobster Risotto and Fish Tacos on our patio tonight!, Surf and Turf tonight!  Pan Seared Sea Scallops and Qual stuffed with Wild Rice., The Bistro AC is working well and it's a perfect night to dine on the patio!, The Bistro is closed tonight due the AC not working. Sorry for any inconvenience., We are open on the Fourth from 4:30 until 8:30. Have some Lobster Risotto before the fireworks!, Thank You for making us the best restaurant in Charlestown year after year!, Brand new draft beer system installed at the Bistro today.  Great night for a cold one with our Grilled Swordfish., Veal Chops and Giant Scallops for Specials tonight!, Tomorrow, Thursday, June 20th from 5:30 until 10:00 is my 2nd annual "Nerves of Steel" Putt Putt Party. $50 donation to Spaulding Rehabilitation  Hospital includes 9 holes of mini golf and my Short Rib, Lobster and Tuna Tartar Taco Bar. Cash bar and DJ will be provided. Wear your best golf outfit!  To make a donation or register "you may also register at event "  go to. Www.crowdrise.com/nervesofsteel/fundraiser/JohnMoore., Stop by our booth at the Charlestown Open Market this Saturday from 10:00 to 4:00 on Main St. I will be selling $50 gift cards for just $35!!! Limit 2 per person., Book your summer dinner party now!  Ask for John about our "Knife and Fork" Clambake dinner., Mmmmm.  Chef Cameron just gave me a taste of the Grilled Ramp and Tomatillo Salsa that is going on our Flat Iron Steak Special tonight. Nice and refreshing for the first hot night of the year., Great night for Fish Tacos on our patio., We have Halibut for fish special tonight!, Your Mom deserves the best. The Bistro is opening at 2:30 and taking reservations for all size parties. We will be featuring our regular menu plus great specials., Monkfish Picatta tonight for just $19, Bring your kids, dogs, or even small farm animals for all I care. The patio is ready for you tonight!, Meatloaf and Fish Tacos tonight and tomorrow night!, The Patio is open tonight!, Three Pasta specials tonight and Fish Tacos are back!, Patio open tonight with new Spring Menu!, I'll be on Charlestown Live with Abby Grey from Olivia Browning talking about our new Spring Menu tonight. Tune in at 6:30 on BBN!, Come 'down under' this weekend! Australian Lamb Chops and Yangara Grenache on special all weekend. We will open at 4:00 for Easter and take reservations for all size parties., Restaurant Week This!
Roasted Beet and Goat Cheese Salad $9
PEI Mussels $10
Roasted Chicken Breast $16
Total $35
Every week pricing at the Bistro!!!, Come in and take the edge off tonight with our new "Skinnygrass" Martini. It's made with Lemongrass infused Soju, Fresh Lemon Juice and Agave Nector.
We will also be featuring a delicious brined Cornish Game Hen and whatever Fresh Fish I get at the market this morning., Awesome Seafood Fridiavalo, Awesome Seafood Fridavalo, Try our new Sautéed Bay Scallops over Angel Hair with Fresh Pesto. Only $14 on Sunday and Monday nights!, Eat like a President today! Lobster Gnocchi, Swordfish and Filet Mignon on special., Blackens Redfish with Cajun Shrimp Sauce and Grilled Ribeye with Roasted Garlic Parmesan Mashed Potatoes tonight!!  Our Vegetarian is a House Made Wild Mushroom Ravioli., Yes! We are open again tonight!, Thank You! to the Marriot Charlestown for hooking me up with rooms for my employees tonight!  Everyone better come down for dinner!, Don't be stupid don't be silly, it's just a little snow and chilly. Don't be stuck at home ordering crummy take out. You deserve better after a long week of work. Call the Bistro Friday night and we'll pick you up and drop you off at your door., null, Join us this Sunday starting at 3:00 for the first of two Championshop Games. The Bistro will have a large screen TV in the dining room with a Bose Sound System. We will be serving our entire appetizer menu with the additions of Maryland Crab Cakes and Wild Mushroom Arancinis. We'll also have our Hanger Steak and Frites, Ginger Sake Salmon and the famous Sunday Meatloaf. Come early to secure a great seat at the bar or dining room for the big game., New winter menu tonight!  Pork Osso Bucco, Two Way Duck and Flounder., Wild Boar Short Rib Ravioli with Fresh Buratta Cheese tonight.  We also have a new Vegetarian dish of Roasted Poblano  & Goat Cheese Enchiladas.  Yum!!  Just tried 1 and ate 2 more., We have several 5:00 seats open for New Year's Eve. It's only $45 for four courses. The menu is on our website. Lobster Mac n Cheese with Black Truffles will be on the menu., Scallops with Roasted Brussels Sprouts, Cauliflower, Bacon and Parsnip Purée this weekend., Give some Bistro Love for the holidays!  Gift cards available!, New Years's menu is online., Join us this Sunday to tailgate Bistro style with Baby Back Ribs done 3 ways, Wings, Sweet Potato Frites and Cilantro Lime Coleslaw.  Plus! All the Craft Beer you can taste! Starts at 6:00 and goes till 9:30.  $40 includes food and beer., Make your reservations for New Year's Eve for our Four Course Prix Fix Dinner. Seatings from 5:00 to 11:00, Upcoming Events @ Navy Yard Bistro & Wine Bar 
 
 
Join us this Tuesday and Wednesday

December 4th & 5th for our

Rhone and Loire Valley Wine Tasting!
 
4 Course Prix Fixed Dinner with Wine Pairing

$45 Per Person -  No Reservations Required!

 

First Course- Crab Louis Salad
Moillard, 'Les Violettes' White Blend 2010, Cotes du Rhone, France
  
Second Course- Seasonal Vegetable Risotto
Chateau de Sancerre,  Sancerre 2011, Loire Valley, France
  
Third Course- Chicken Coq au Vin
Domaine Brusset, 'Laurent B' GSM Blend 2011, Cotes du Rhone, France
  
Dessert Course- Burgundy Vanilla Poached Pear
Domaine de L'Aumonier, Gamay 2009, Loire Valley, France
  
  
  
Monday, December 10th 5-9pm
Fundraising Event for Harvest on Vine Food Pantry 
and the Charlestown Chamber of Commerce
  
Bistro owner John Moore will be hosting a fundraising event for the Harvest on Vine Food Pantry and the Charlestown Chamber of Commerce on Monday December 10th during the Pats Game at his home, 31 Washington St!
  
$50 Ticket Price Includes 
Gametime food prepared by John as well as Beer & Wine
Please RSVP to John@navyyardbistro.com
  
  
  
We're Accepting Reservations for New Years Eve 2013 
for all size parties!
4 course Prix Fixed Menu and Unique Specials from our Wine Bar!
$45 seatings 6pm and earlier
$60 seatings 6:15 and later
 
call us at 617.242.0036 to make your reservations today!
Menu to be posted on our website soon!, Denver Leg of Venison and Nantucket Bay Scallops for specials this weekend.  We also have a seared Tuna Entree for tonight., It's small business Saturday.  Come down to the Bistro for our Ribeye and Lobster Croquette Surf and &Turf Special!, Check out our wine dinner we are offering tonight and Wednesday night. Come anytime between 5:00 and 9:30. No reservations needed.

New Zealand Wine Paired Dinner
4 courses and wine for $45

First Course

Grapefruit & Spinach Salad
Nine Walks, Sauvignon Blanc 2011, Marlborough, New Zealand

Second Course

New Zealand Green Lip Mussels
red curry-lemon grass broth
Villa Maria, Reisling 2008, South Island, New Zealand

Third Course

New Zealand Rack of Lamb
potato & goat cheese croquette, blueberry gastrique
Wither Hills, Pinot Noir 2010, Marlborough, New Zealand

Dessert

House Made Ice Wine & Green Grape Sorbet
 with Selaks, Premium Selection Ice Wine 2011, 
East Coast, New Zealand, Giant Lamb Shank with White Beans and Kale tonight., Center Cut Incredibly Fresh Swordfish and Painted Hills Farm Ribeye on special this weekend., The patio could be back open tonight is it stays this warm.  Chocolate and Pumpkin wine pairing dinner tonight and tomorrow night., Chocolate and Pumpkin Wine Pairing Dinner
Tuesday at 5:00pm until Wednesday at 9:30pm.. 

4 Courses and Wines for $45 Tuesday and Wednesday night. No reservations needed unless you have 6 or more.

Pumpkin Soup with Spiced Pepitas with Torrentes from Argentina

Mole Chicken over Avocado Salad with Bonarda from Argentina

Chocolate and Espresso Crusted Petit Filet with Carmenere fron Chile

Pumpkin Ricotta Cheesecake or Chocolate Bread Pudding with Port, Yes! We are open tonight!, Great special all weekend!  Fruiti DI Mare with local shellfish and Hake in a San Marzano Broth.
Grilled Zinfandel Marinated Denver Leg of Venison
Pan Roasted Day Boat Scallops, Blackened Swordfish Medallions on special tonight.  Try them with our new Albariño by the glass., Patio is open tonight!!!   Try our new Bistro Cosmopolitan made with Cointreau and Fresh Lime Juice. Scallops and Painted Hills Farm Ribeye on special.  Bring the kids, dogs and even small farm animals for all I care!, We have a delicious Pink Peppercorn Crusted Yellow Fin Tuna special with a Miso Orange Glaze tonight and a big Ribeye from Painted Hills Farm in Oregon., Don't watch the stupid debate
 tonight.  Come down to the Bistro to support the economy and indulge in our new fall menu., Delicious Meatloaf for only $12 and Fish Tacos tonight!, Awesome Ribeye from the Painted Hills Farm on special tonight.  Better than any steak from those overpriced steak houses., Patio is open!, Join us Monday, October 15th from 6:30 to 9:00 for great food and wine from the Zaca Mesa Winery in California. Winery representive Jay Essegian and Bistro owner John Moore will be talking about the great Rhone Valley Style Blends this highly acclaimed winery is producing. There will be a delicious buffet of Sliced Beef Tenderloin, Wild Mushroom Ravioli, Roasted Herb Potatoes and Sweet Chili Glazed Green Beans.  Cost is just $40 and includes all food, wine and gratuity. This a cocktail table style reception and limited to 25 guests. Please RSVP to john@navyyardbistro.com, New fall menu is here! $6 Bistro Bites include Baked Brie with Zinfandel Fig Jam and Flatbread du Jour., Last call for golfers for my "Nerves of Steel" golf tournament 3:30 tomorrow at Ferncroft Country Club to benefit The Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital in Charlestown. The party starts at 6:30 following golf. If you are unable to golf or attend the party you can make a donation online at www.crowdrise.com/nervesofsteel.com 

Thanks for your support!, Warning! These Specials may put you in a food coma!

Appetizer
Heirloom Tomato Salad
Fresh Mozzarella, Basil, Charred Tomato Vinaigrette $10

Entrées
Pan Roasted Cornish Game Hen
Cheddar ~ Sage Corn Bread, Sauteed Escarole, 
Cipollini Onions, Roasted Chicken Jus $24

Grilled Marinated Center Cut Swordfish
Mashed Potatoes, Warm Grape Tomato & Basil Salad $26

16 oz. Prosciutto & Fontina Stuffed Milk-Fed Veal Rib Chop
Potato & Broccoli Rabe Gratin, Foie Gras ~ Black Truffle Emulsion $40

 (Vegetarian) House Made Lasagna Primavera
Herbed Ricotta, Summer Vegetables, Rosemary Pomodoro $18, The most delicious Semi Boneless Cornish Game Hen you have ever had is on special tonight!, Pouring Jordan Cab this weekend by the glass and we have great specials.

Entrées
Grilled Marinated Center Cut Swordfish
Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Sauteed Escarole, Charred Tomato Vinaigrette $26

Pan Roasted Long Island Duck Breast
Crispy Fingerling Potatoes, White Chantrelle Mushrooms, 
Spinach, Bing Cherry ~ Zinfandel Compote $28, Please vote for Sal LaMatina for Register of Probate.  He has been a great City Councilor for Charlestown and a great supporter of the Bistro., Fish Tacos and Meatloaf tonight!, If you are not stuck in traffic for your long weekend getaway, come to the Bistro to treat yourself to one of our delicious specials.
Panko Breadcrumb Crusted Hake with a Baby Heirloom Tomato and Feta Salad

Grilled Marinated Austrailian Lamb Chops with Eggplant Caponata and a Charred Tomato & Goat Cheese Vinaigrette

Heirlom Tomato Gazpacho with Avacado Crema & Garlic Naan Chips, Delicious and healthy Bufalo Ribeye on special tonight with some Seared Homemade Gnocchi. I'll see you on the patio!, Its our 8th year anniversary tonight and we have $8 app and killa wine specials!  Thanks for making us the most successful restaurant in the history of the world!!!, Restaurant week this!
Mixed Green Salad $5
Duck Wings $10
Ginger Sake Salmon $18
Total $33
Every week pricing at the Bistro!, Book your large dinner party on the patio, only a month or so left of great outdoor dining weather., null, Swordfish on the grill, Seared Duck Brest with Cherries and Foie Gras, a new Surf and Turf of Grilled Sirloin and Shrimp with House Made Jack Daniels Barbacue Sauce and 8 new wines for our Wine Spectator Award List. I'm not Ernie Boch but "come on down!", Delicious Buffalo Ribeye and Seared Tuna specials tonight., I'm off to the seafood market to find a big catch of the day special!, null, Fish Tacos and Meatloaf tonight!, null, Celebrate Bastille Day all weekend with us.  Chef Cameron made Beef Bourguingnonne with Fresh Pasta and Shortribs and Grilled Tuna with Nicois Olives and Haricot  Verts with Almonds.  I'm pouring some great French wine by the glass to pair with our specials., Lobster Gnocchi with Black Truffles and Peas makes it debut on the menu tonight!  Also, tune in to the Pat Whitley Show on WRKO 680AM this Sunday at 11:05. I will be interviewed by Pat., At last, a perfect outdoor dining night!  Come down and enjoy our new Lobster Risotto and Sea Scallops with Sweet Potato Hash., Lobster Risotto and Scallops with Sweet Potato Hash make their debut on our summer menu tonight., AC is on full blast.  Come on in and chill out on some Sangria., Great night for White Peach Ginger Sangria!, Buffalo Ribeye and Scallops with Sweet Potato Hash tonight.  Treat Dad to a two pound Porterhouse tomorrow., Great night for  our "Knife and Fork" Clambake dinner!  No bib needed., We have some 2 pound Porterhouses with Creamed Spinach on special tonight in case you have an extra big appetite., Check out my blog on the Charlestown Patch!, Come visit me at the Open Market on Main St Charlestown from 10 till 4.  I am selling $50 gift cards for $35, today only!, null, Lobster Caserole with a Warm Fingerling Potato Salad for $24 and Pan Seared Day Boat Scallops with a Sweet Potato & Corn Hash for $26.  For you meat lovers, we have a Veal Portehouse with Black Truffle Mac & Cheese for $34.

AND our neighborhood specials of Fish Tacos and Meatloaf are on tonight!, We are now offering our "Knife and Fork" Clambake Dinner. Four delicious courses and no bib needed!

Roasted Corn Soup
Steamed Woodbury Farm Littleneck Clams with Rosemary Chicken Sausage
Lobster Casserole with Warm Fingerling Potato Salad
Strawberry Shortcake
$45, We are open tonight!, Great night on the patio for Fish Tacos and White Peach Ginger Sangria!, Buffalo Ribeye tonight!, null, Come down for some delicious Fish Tacos and watch the Celts at the bar with Kate., Patio is open at 2:00 today for Mom.  Regular menu plus Lobster Gnocchi!, Tasting wines in Tuscany for the Bistro and the "new" Positano restaurant in the Navy Yard winter., null, Fish tacos and Meatloaf the next two nights!, Nice night for a Veal Porthouse or a Grilled Swordfish!  We have some great Cinco de Mayo specials tomorrow night, "Tequila Lime Shrimp app and a Carne Asada Marinated 16oz Grilled Ribeye.", I had a delicious Buffalo Ribeye for my belated Bday dinner at the Bistro last night and we have them on special tonight!  We also have Swordfish on the grill and Zin Chipolte Braised Lamb Gnocchi dish., It's neighborhood night and the patio is open!  Delicious Fish Tacos and Swordfish of the grill tonight., The Bistro won it's fourth strait Wine Spectator award today.  I'm glad that few thousand glasses of wine I had to taste didn't go waste!, We are open for Easter at 2:00 and will be featuring a Sliced Leg of Lamb special along with our regular menu., It's gonna be a great Friday! The Masters is on at the bar and back room and we have Jumbo Sea Scallops and a Seafood Crusted Hake with a Lobster Bernaise along with a Giant Fontina and Prosciutto Stuffed Veal Chop., Fish Tacos were a big hit last week and they will be on the menu the next couple of nights., Show Stopper Special Tonight! $12oz Grilled New Zealand Grass Fed Rib Eye with Black Truffle Mac and Cheese and Spring Ramps.
Also:
Seared Jumbo Scallops with Roasted Corn and Sweet Potato Hash

Crab and Shrimp Crusted Hake, Today is the last day off voting, please give us a vote!
http://charlestown.patch.com/articles/the-best-sit-down-dinner-in-charlestown, Please give us a vote on the Charlestown Patch's best sit down restaurant poll. Charlestown.patch.com, We have a perfect French White Special to pair with the Fish Tacos and it's only $7. Being a Filene's Basement "may it rest in peace"  kind of shopper, I bought in close out and it was a steal!, We have a new delicous Fish Taco plate for our Sunday and Monday "Neighborhood Nights."  It's made with our homemade Roasted Tomato Salsa and Guacomole., The patio looks like it will be open all week! We made some killa Meatloaf and Bolognese for tonight and are still offering Guinness Braised Lamb Shanks., null, Guinness Braised Lamb Shanks on special all weekend and delicious Monkfish Cheeks Marsala over Angelhair., The patio is open tonight!, I hope you like our new Ciabatta Bread with Honey Butter. We have a Swordfish special tonight along with our Meatloaf and Bolognese. We are also pouring a nice Cava and Cote du Rhone for $7 a glass., We have a 16oz Ribeye with Maple Glazed Broccoli, Onion Rings and Maytag Blue Cheese Compound Butter on the grill tonight along with a Swordfish special. There are also Pan Seared Scallops with White Bean Purée, Shaved Asparagus Salad and Berry Gastrique., Wild Boar Sirloins tonight with a Blueberry Gastrique, "just tried a small sample, YUM!". Also, Fresh Herb Panko Crusted Cod with Romesco Sauce.  Come visit Kate on the bar tonight, but please don't make her run around too much, she ran 21 miles today for her marathon training., Celebrate the holiday with our neighborhood specials tonight of Meatloaf and Bolognese.  Wash them down with our $7 Cote Du Rhone special.  Also, check out our  new Smoked Chicken Tacos!, Beef Burgundy gone!  Bring in the Giant Veal Chops for the next couple of night., Porcini Crusted Halibut and Roasted Vegetables with Black Truffle Vinaigrette makes it's menu debut tonight. We also have a delicious Beef Burgundy And Swordfish specials tonight., The best night to go out to eat is the night after Valentine's day. Come in for great specials at a reduced price!, Great night for our Meatloaf or Bolognese to warm you up! We are also offering our Valentine's menu tonight!, Check out our Valentine's menu @ www.navyardbistro.com. We will also be offering a prix fix menu Fri, Sat, Su and Mon before the 14th., Come in this Sunday and Monday for my friend Ashley Bronson's Fundraising Dinner to support her Boston Marathon run for Spaulding Rehab. $25 of the $50 price goes directly to her cause

1st Course Choices
Mixed Green Salad, Cherry Tomatoes, Sherry Vinaigrette
Caesar Salad, Romaine Lettuce, Shaved Parmesan, Croutons, House Made Dressing
... Beet Salad, Arugula, Roasted Red Beets, Goat Cheese, Truffle Vinaigrette

2nd Course Choices
Chicken Taco, Smoked Chicken, Avocado Crema, House made Salsa Rojo
Fried Oysters, Andouille Sausage, Cajun Remoulade
Duck Wings with Hoisin Sauce
Tuna Tartare, Crispy Lotus Chips

3rd Course Choices
Grilled Hanger Steak, Pommes Frites, Bordelaise
Ginger Sake Salmon, Jasmine Rice, Cucumber & Seaweed Salad
Pan Roasted Chicken, Mashed Potatoes, Asparagus
Tagliatelle Bolognese, Fresh Pasta, Traditional Beef & Pork Ragu, Porcini Cream
Wild Mushroom Ravioli, Truffle Mascarpone Cream Sauce

$7 Wine Specials for Sunday & Monday
(Red) Mas Arnaud, ‘Syrah-Grenache Blend’ 2006, Cotes du Rhone, France
(Red) Calina, Carmenere Riserva 2008, Valle del Maule, Chile
(Sparkling) Varichon & Clerc, Privelge Blanc de Blancs NV, France, Braised Guinness Lamb Shanks and Swordfish on the grill this weekend.   New smoked Chicken Tacos on the menu!, New Duck Breast on the menu tonight served with Herbed Polenta, Cherry Sauce and Watercress Salad for 23 bucks., Delicious new Zinfandel Braised Short Ribs with Gnocchi on the menu in half and full portions along with a 14oz Grilled NY Sirloin with Potato Gratin and Braised Winter Greens. We are grilling Swordfish all weekend for our fish special., Great Duck with a delicious cherry sauce special tonight along with our usual $12 Meatloaf and $16 Bolgonese., Yummy Meatloaf and Bolognese tonight with $7 wine specials!, Maine shrimp are in season and we pairing them with risotto tonight!, The Chef made some killa Crab Bisque tonight to warm you up fast. Ask for his homemade hot sauce!, We are closed today and will be celebrating our staff holiday party at Mija Cantina and Tequila Bar.  Join us Monday night for some great specials!  Happy New Year!, We are open tonight with Swordfish on the grill, Shortribs with Homemade Gnocchi and our famous $12 Meatloaf., Give some discounted Bistro Luv for the Holidays! Buy a $50 gift card and receive $60 and buy $100 and receive $125. Offer is good until Friday the 23rd., Our New Year Eve menu is online and the reservations are filling up fast. Watch the fireworks from our patio and celebrate the new year with us!, Meat me at the Bistro on Sunday and Mondays for "Neighborhood Nights", featuring our famous $12 Meatloaf and our soon to be famous Bolognese made in house with Bershire Pork and NY Sirloin for just $16. We always feature great $7 wines specials to wash down these comfort dishes., Our best dinner specials yet tonight.... Nantucket Bay Scallops w/ wild mushroom & butternut squash hash, Long Island Duck Breast with a spiced tart cherry glaze & rosemary polenta as well as a boneless braised veal osso bucco. Pair them with tonight's Barolo or Barbaresco by the glass, Pouring a nice Barolo by the glass tonight to go with our Sirloin Steak and even our Porcini Dusted Cod Special., Nantucket Bay Scallops are here again and tonight they are with a Wild Mushroom and Sweet Potato Hash drizzeled with Foie Gras Sauce. After a tough day of shopping, "indulge" You deserve it!, It's the season for Nantucket Bay Scallops and we have them this weekend with Roasted Autum Vegetables, Smoked Bacon, Toasted Pumpkin Seeds and Sage Creme Fraiche. You also have to try our Korobuta Pork Osso Bucco special with Creamy Sage Polenta and Root Vegetable Ragout.  See you this weekend!, Great specials this weekend!  Nantucket Bay Specials with Roasted Autum Vegetables, Bacon, Toasted Pumpkin Seeds, Sage Creme Fraiche AND Pan Roasted Hudson Valley Duck Breast with Sweet Potato Duck Confit Hash and Foie Gras Sauce, "Wanna Get Away"  Escape the trick or treaters and hit the Bistro for our Monday night "Neighborhood Night" Specials. $12 Meatloaf, $16 Veal Marsala, $15 Lobster Sliders and $7 Delicious Wine Specials!, Great specials tonight!  Now I just have to taste my way through our wine cellar to find the right wines to match up with these delicious dishes.

Pan Roasted Monkfish
White Bean Chorizo Ragu, Sauteed Garlicky Kale $23

Grilled 16 oz. Veal Porterhouse
Herbed Myzithra Frites, Bourbon~Truffle Butter $30, New $6 Bistro Bites on the Menu!  Warm Goat Cheese with Verjus & Herb Salad,  Roasted Figs Wrapped in Prosciutto and Warm Mushroom Salad with Polenta Croutons., Bar is open at 4:00 today for the game and half price apps till halftime!, Fall is finally here and we just made Pumpkin Raviolies with a Sambuca Spiked Brown Butter Sage Sauce. We are aslo pouring Stags' Leap Petit Syrah by the glass tonight, New fall menu items include Apple Cider Brined Pork Chop with Roasted Butternut Squash, Brussels Sprouts, Spiced Chestnut Puree and Cider-Balsalmic Glaze AND Lobster Gnocchi with Truffle-Cheese Sauce. Many new wines and beers specials to wash these new star dishes down!, The bar opens at 4:00 tomorrow for the Pats game with app, wine and cool beer specials., Patio is open, Meatloaf in the oven, Lobster Sliders and wine and beer specials on tap and Johnny's angels on the floor ready to serve you and oh yeah, neighborhood stud and nice guy Tom behind the bar! Come down to the Bistro!, Great Yellowfin Tuna special this weekend and I'll be pairing it up with some unique wine from Oregon., My Nephews and I in the Bistro with The Cup, Native Dayboat YellowfinTuna with Heirloom Tomatoes, Fava Beans, Roasted Fennel and Chorizo Aioli on special this weekend!, Check out www.nervesofsteelfoundation.org for info to my charity golf tournament to benefit Spaulding Rehabilitation., Today is our 7 year anniversary!  Thank you everyone for making it the best 7 years of my life!  Come in and celebrate with me tonight while I pour sparkling rose and other great wines for $7 a glass., Wine and Food Pairing on the Patio this Sunday at 4:00. Cost is just $45 and includes 4 small plates and 6 "yes six, I couldn't decide so I chose all of them." Call us at 617-242-0036 to reserve or email john@navyyardbistro.com. Menu will be online later today. Limited to first 20 guests., Meatloaf and Red Wine on a rainy night, yum!, We have a new big wine by the glass, ZD Cabernett, costs around $120 a bottle in the Steak Houses, Bistro $15 a glass $58 a bottle. We also have a Sparkling Rose  from New Mexico , "Gruet" by the glass for the weekend for 9 bucks or you can drink it at the Liberty Hotel for $13 a glass.  Great weekend for patio dining!!!, Specials for tonight. 
Grilled Marinated Swordfish Steak,  White Anchovie Matrîe d’butter Roasted Fingerling Potatoes, Salad of Heirloom Tomatoes and Fresh Herbs $24
 
Garlic and Herb Marinated Sliced Sirloin Steak
Truffle-Chive Mashed Potatoes, Glazed Heirloom Carrots, Patty Pan Squash, Bordelaise Sauce $24

(Vegetarian) Hand Made Ricotta Cavatelli
Roasted Brown Beech & Oyster Mushrooms, English Peas, 
Truffled Cream Sauce ‘Fondutta’ $11 appetizer / $20 entree, SOME NEW MENU ITEMS TONIGHT!  SHRIMP GRITS AND HEIRLOOM TOMATOES WITH GOAT CHEESE CREMA., Please join my friend Tom McDonald who will be selling his new crime novel 'The Charlestown Connection' today from 2 to 4.  We will have a complimentary cheese plate and cash bar available. The sangria should be tasting quite refreshing on the patio!, AC wil be on full blast on weekend and we'll have some half bottles of Gruet Sparkling Wine from New Mexico on Special., Happy Bastille Day! Steak Au Poivre and Swordfish Provencal on the menu tonight, with Sancerre and Red Burgundy by the glass! Kitchen open until 10:30!, Lobster Risotto is back on the menu!, Thanks Improper, voting us Best Neighborhood Restaurant.

For Charlestown residents, this neighborhood bistro is a no-brainer, with a lengthy wine list offering selections by the glass and half-bottle, and pleasing plates of buttermilk-fried oysters and steak frites. There’s also a patio that’s the perfect spot to savor draft brews like Radeberger and Whale’s Tale Pale Ale while enjoying the harborside breeze., Locally caught Hake with a Summer Succotash of Fresh Corn and Fava Beans on special tonight.  Pair it with a nice King Estate Pinot Gris from Oregon!, The fireworks will be going off in the inner Boston Harbor this Thuesday night at 9:30. Great view from our patio!, Lobster Sliders make their return tonight for our summer neighborhood night special., New additions for our summer menu.

Roasted Corn Soup
Fresno Chile & Corn Salsa, Fresh Maine Jumbo Crab 

Lobster & Frisee Salad
Smoked Bacon, Asparagus,
Panko Breaded Soft Poached Egg 

Striped Bass & Clams
Poblano Chiles, Leeks, Roasted Cherry Tomatoes
Woodbury Farm’s Littleneck Clams 

Corn & Lobster Tortellini
Roasted Tomatoes, Basil, Asparagus, Saffron Butter, Special late night available tonight starting at 10:00 for for the hungry tummies from the Party on th Pier., The Bistro is pouring White Sangria, Homemade Citron Lemonade and Jordon Chardonnay by the glass now that summer is finally here!, We are taking reservations for Father's day for all size parties. We open at 5:00 and will be featuring our regular menu plus Dad's favorite dishes., Swordfish and Flat Iron Steaks on the grill and the B's on tv tonight.  If you are in the mood to splurge, I just got in some Kosta Brown Pinot Noir and it's on the list for $99, or you could go to an over priced chain steakhouse or wanna be celebrity chef restaurant and drink it over it over a white table cloth for $180., THE PATIO IS FULLY OPEN AND THERE WILL BE SWORDFISH AND VEAL CHOPS ON THE GRILL WITH SOME COOL BEER AND WINE SPECIALS., I just tried this delicious Buzzard's Bay Blackfish with Spring Ramp Pesto, similar to Tampa Bay's Grouper fish, but much better, just like the Bruins!, WE WILL BE OPENING FOR MOTHER'S DAY AT 2:00 AND TAKIING RESERVATIONS FOR ALL SIZE PARTIES., Patio is open tonight!  Dogs, small farm animals and strollers welcome, WE OPEN FOR EASTER AT 2:00 AND ARE TAKING RESERVATIONS FOR ALL SIZE PARTIES.  WE WILL FEATURE OUR NEW SPRING MENU PLUS SPECIALS., GREAT TIME LAST NIGHT FOR THE HARVEST ON THE VINE ANNUAL FUNDRAISER. OUR GREAT COMMUNITY OF CHARLESTOWN WAS VERY GENEROUS AND PAID $5400 FOR THE BISTRO'S LIVE AUCTION ITEMS, INCLUDING A "BROMANCE" WITH ME, "BIG STEAK DINNER AT THE BISTRO AND GAME 5 OF THE BRUINS VS CANADIENS."  THANK YOU ALL WHO ATTENDED,  JOHN, Come in tonight for a four course Wine Paired Italian Dinner! $45 dollars for four courses with wine including Swordfish Carpaccio, Steamed Littleneck Clams, Braised Short Rib Ravioli and Bistecca Fiorentina. No reservations necessary, come in anytime!, GREAT LINEUP FOR TONIGHT'S SPANISH WINE PAIRING DINNER.  CAVA WITH POACHED PEAR, MANCHEGO CHEESE, WHITE GAZPACHO AND SPANISH CHORIZO.  ALBARINO WITH STEAMED LITTLENECK CLAMS AND ROMESCO.  TEMPRANILLO WITH ESCABECHE OF SPANISH MACKERAL OVER BRAISED EESCAROLE WITH MINT AND FAVABEANS. RIOJA WITH BRAISED SHORTRIB WITH PAPAS BRAVAS. ALL OF THIS FOR $45!, Ten new wines on our Wine Spectator Award winning list and they are all in the $30s!!!, ARGENTINIA WINE AND FOOD PAIRING WEDNESDAY NIGHT.  TRY SOME NEW GRAPES LIKE TORRONTES, BONARDA AND A COUPLE OF MALBECS WITH A SPICED RUBBED HANGER STEAK AND OTHER SOUTH AMERCIAN TREATS.  ONLY $45, Entree specials for the weekend are Pan Seared Native Jumbo Scallops with Andouille Sausage Hash, Roasted Brussels Sprouts, White Wine Scallop Butter Sauce and 16oz Veal Chop with Braised Garlicky Escarole, Mashed Potatoes, Roasted Marsala Jus., Come in Wednesday night for a Four Course New Zealand Wine Paired Dinner for just $45.  Wines include Sauvignon Blanc, an Unoaked Chardonnay, Pinot Noir and Ice Wine. Regular Menu also available and you could just drink the wine!, DRINK SOME PETIT CHENIN BLANC FROM SOUTH AFRICA AND CARMENERE FROM CHILE TONIGHT WITH TOM FOR JUST $7 A GLASS AND FIND OUT WHY WE ARE THE BEST DEAL IN TOWN WITH OUR OYSTER PO BOY AND MEATLOAF SPECIAL FOR $12., JOIN BARTENDER TOM GODBOUT TONIGHT FOR GREAT $7 WINE SPECIALS AND OUR NEW OYSTER PO BOY SANDWICH., GREAT SPECIALS THIS WEEKEND! WE JUST RECEIVED SOME GREAT CLAMS FROM THE CAPE AND THE CHEFS ARE MAKING SOME FRESH PASTA FOR THEM.  WE ALSO HAVE A SIRLOIN WITH A LOBSTER BRADY SAUCE.  I'LL HAVE TO GIVE MYSELF AN OWNER'S STAFF MEAL SO I CAN PROPERLY PAIR WINE WITH THESE DISHES., SUNDAY AND MONDAY ARE NEIGHBORHOOD NIGHTS. $12 MEATLOAF, OYSTER PO BOYS AND $16 VEAL MARSALA SPECIALS, AS WELL AS GREAT WINE SPECIALS., VEAL PORTERHOUSE CHOPS TO HIT THE SPOT TONIGHT!, WE HAVE SOME DELICIOUS NATIVE FLUKE THIS WEEKEND AS WELL AS A 16 OZ SIRLOIN WITH PORCINI MUSHROOM RISOTTO, CHECK OUT OUR VALENTINE'S MENU @ WWW.NAVYYARDBISTRO.COM, This Sunday the Navy Yard Bistro is throwing a Super Bowl Party, from 4:30-10:30pm. We will be closed for regular dining., TEX MEX SUPER BOWL PARTY! 4:30-10:30 pm Sunday February 6th. $50 includes Great Wines, including Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc and Prosecco. Beer, Flatbreads, Scallops and Bacon, a Premium Fajita Bar at Halftime with Chipolte Marinated Skirt Steak, Tequila Lime Chicken, and Portabella Mushrooms. Two $5 Squares also included. CASH ONLY., 16 OZ RIBEYE, CRAB STUFFED FLOUNDER AND NANTUCKET BAY SCALLOPS FOR SPECIALS TONIGHT.  THE BAY SCALLOP SEASON IS SHORT, SO COME DOWN AND WASH DOWN THESE SWEET TREASURES WITH A HALF BOTTLE OF CHAMPAGNE., Warm up with our new menu tonight! Baked Lobster Pasta, Lamb Osso Bucco and Long Island Duck Breast are the new entrees with Duck Wings, Fried Oysters, and Flatbread highlighting the new appetizers., Bar will open at 4:30 this sunday for the Pats game! Half price apps!, NO DOUBT WE ARE OPEN TONIGHT!, null, We are taking reservations for New Year's Eve for all size parties from 5:00 to 10:30.  Seatings are 2 hours from 5:00 to 8:30 and $50 for 4 courses. 8:30 and later seatings are $60 for 4 courses plus champagne toast., WE WILL BE OPEN CHRISTMAS EVE FROM 11AM TILL 4PM TO PURCHASE GIFT CARDS ., The Bistro will be closed on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day but look forward to seeing you at the Bistro when we reopen for regular business on Sunday, December 26th.  We are sorry for any miscommunication and inconvenience.  We wish you and your family a wonderful holiday!, http://stmarystcatherine.org/2010/10/29/harvest-on-vine-fall-fundraiser/, Check out our new apps this weekend. Roasted Hubbard Squash Soup and a new Potato Gnocchi dish with Oxtail Ragu. Fall entrees coming soon too!, Come join us Sunday for the Pats/Jets game! We will be opening the bar at 3:45 and serving half priced apps during the game!, Save the date for Monday, September 13th, 7:00 till 11:00 for our 6th Year Anniversery party to benefit various non-profits of Charlestown.   $40 includes Wine, Beer, Food and Door Prizes.  The entire $40 goes to charity and checks can be made out to "Bistro for Charlestown", I'm in a great mood from the dishes my chefs are cooking up, so I'm going to sell this nice Prosecco for $5 a glass tonight., New Potato Saffron Gnocchi Dish with Heirloom Tomatoes debuts tonight!  It arrives in half and full portions.  Also, new Veal Tenderloin entree and Tomato Heirloom Salad.  Enjoy these summer delights while they last!, Lobster Sliders and with $7 crisp and refreshing Vinho Verde tonight.  Our new Vegetarian dish is delish, " Fresh Ricotta Cavatelli with Sauteed Mushrooms, Roasted Shallots, Spring Vegetables, Creme Fraiche and Truffle Oil.", great night for our lobster with homemade pasta, Celebrate Bastille Day tomorrow night with Bouillabasse, Filet Au Poive, Foie Gras and French Wine Specials., null, Escape the heat with our White Peach Ginger Sangria!, Grilled Swordfish and Prime Rib Eye Specials this Friday and Saturday Night.  We will be closed on the 4th, Our new summer menu is here and featuring Lobster with Homemade Pasta, Honey Brined Grilled Pork Chop and Lobster Sliders on Sunday and Monday Nights., Make your Mom feel at home!  We open for Mother's Day starting at 2:00 and are taking reservations for all size parties.  We'll have our regular menu plus specials., We are not leaving out the meat lovers out there.  Buffalo Tenderloin with a Rasberry Chocolate Demi-Glace and a Veal Chop with Beet and White Truffle Risotto will be feasted upon this weekend., We have some great specials for Good Friday, "Chilean Sea Bass and our new Halibut dish."  Pair these delicious entrees with our Dry Riesling and White Burgundy wine specials.  Also, we have some new crunchy and chewey baguettes in the house! It's gonna be Great Friday Night!!!, We open at 4:00 on Easter Sunday and are taking reservations.  We will feature the regular menu plus specials.  The Patio will be open!, Tonight's Rhone wine pairing includes Grilled Rare Tuna, Goat Cheese and Pepper Crostini and Lamb Porterhouse. We have some great food wines from France and a delicious GSM blend from California. Cost is just $50.  Arrive anytime between 5:00 and 10:00, New Spring Menu Apps: Artisan Cheese Plate, Ricotta Gnocchi with Spicy Garlic Sausage and Organic Mushrooms and a new incredible Squealing Pig Antipasto with Braised Pork Belly, Arugula & Roasted Pepper Salad and Grilled Calamari. For Entrees: Grilled Lamb Porterhouse Chops with Asparagus and Goat Cheeses Risotto and Halibut with Roasted Fingerlings, King Oyster Mushrooms, Braised Chard and Basil~Citrus Emulsion., Join us 7-9 on St Patrick's Day for a Single's Party in our back room, sponsored by Meetcha.com and have some complementary green beer on them!, Squealing Pig Anit-Pasta Special tonight.  Braised Pork Belly with 3 Pepppers and Grilled Calamari., Just ordered Kobe Oxtail to make Raviolies for the big cab tasting!, Join us Thursday night for juicy steaks and big cabs for our Cabernet Wine Tasting.  Four Courses and Four Wines for $45, Join us Thursday night for some delcious food and wine from New Zealand. Four Courses and  Four Wines for $45  NZ Lamb Chops and Green Lip Mussels highlight the menu., Join us for four courses paired with four wines from Sonoma Valley on Thursday night the 25th.  Cost is just $45., French Wine Pairing Thursday night!  A great alternative to Valentines Day.  We will pair Sweetbread, Wild Mushrooms, Grey Sole Meneur, Rack of Lamb and Dessert with Champagne, Sancere, Cote du Rhone, Bordeaux and Sautern.  Cost is only $60 a person.  Call now for a reservation.   617-242-0036, Legendary Italian winemaker Settimo will be in the Bistro tonight.  My chef made 4 delicious courses to pair with his great wines.  It starts at 7:00 and there are 6 seats left.  Call 617-242-0036 to partake in the indulgence., Wine is on my mind too much!  Pinot Noir Dinner this Thursday the 4th, Italian Winemaker dinner Monday night the 8th "recover from the Superbowl in style", French Wine dinner Thursday the 11th, "perfect alternative to Valentines dinner", I'll be in Napa next Tuesday tasting some for more wines for the Bistro!, Tonight we will pair 4 Spanish Wines with 4 Tapas. We will start with Cava, a crisp Verdejo and a new and old world style red from Rioja.  Cost is just $45 and reservations are not necessary.  Our regular menu is also available., Warm up with us tonight with our Sunday/Monday $12 comfort food specials., Join us this Thursday night anytime from 5:00 to 10:00 for an Italian Wine Dinner.  Four small plates and four paired wines for just $45.  Regular menu is also available., Crazy good specials this weekend!, Give some Bistro love for the holidays!  Stop by and grab a gift card., Great new menu items arrived on our winter menu last night.  Asian Style Shortrib and Butternut Squash Gnocci in appetizer and entree portions.  I can honestly say that it's the best Shortrib I've ever tasted., Great food and beer tasting for the Pats/Jets game this Sunday starting at 3:45 and going till 7:00.  $40 includes Cool Beers, Wings, Fried Oysters, Mini Ale Braised Pork Sandwiches and Blond Ale Steamed Mussels. RSVP @ john@navyyardbistro.com or call 617-242-0036, I will be the guest chef this Sunday, November 8th from 12:00 to 5:00 for the annual Pats Day fundraiser for the Charlestown Boys and Girls Club. Join me for Fish Tacos, Cuban Pork, Latin Style Griled Wings and Butternut Squash Ravs. We will have an open bar and huge screens TVs. It will take place at Caturano next to Max and Dylans.  It's only $65 with great silent auctions from the Bruins.  Please come and support a very important club in our neighborhood. We have tix for sale at the Bistro or you can buy at the door., Charles Krug Wine Diner is this Thursday at 7:30.  We will be pouring 6 wines and pairing 4 courses.  RSVP now! Cost is just $65, Our new fall menu arrived last night!  I ate and loved every last bite of the new Cassoulet dish. Braises Leg of Lamb, Duck Confit, Garlic Sausage, Lamb & White Bean Broth makes up this classic French dish. I had the same dish at one those local celebrati chef restaurants in Boston for 30+$ and it wasn't up to par with our $19 dish., This week I will celebrate our 5 year anniversery with a sparlking wine tasting this Sunday afternoon August 30th from 4:00 to 6:00.  It will take place on our patio and I will pair 4 different wines with 4 plates. Cost is just $45 and includes tax and gratuity. Call 617-242-0036 or email john@navyyardbistro.com to sign up. Check out our website later today for details about the tasting., Soft Shell Crab season is here and we'll be featuring them on our menu all weeekend.  Stone Fruit White Sangria will also make it's debut!, 2009 Holiday Party at the Bruins Game followed by Regina's Pizza back at The Bistro., Smoking big stogies at the Cigar Bar after a monster meal at Lucca.)