List(Nothing makes a birthday better quite like good food and friends! Here's a few photos from an all vegetarian tapas style party we did recently =), A few more photos from last weekend's cooking class! This time, the group learned to fillet redfish and prepared a multi-course Scandinavian inspired dinner together. =), Last night of BLASTFEST. Thank you to our awesome crew, you guys helped to pull off the impossible every single night!, Day 3 backstage at BLASTFEST! Fed some of our favorite bands ever tonight. =), Day two of BLASTFEST!! Who will we see tomorrow?  =D, Sometimes you learn that black metal gauntlets can double as kebab skewers. ;) 

BLASTFEST 2016, day 1!, How cool is this - Did you know Vincent Price wrote a cookbook? It's always super fun to discover the ways in which interests overlap. =), A few photos from :interference: at KnowNoTruth gallery last week! Check out what we did with a dressing room and a toaster oven :), Boston! Come stop by KnowNoTruth 's recently remodeled gallery tonight on Newbury st. There will be music, art, and we are making FOOD - come try some of our hors d'oeuvres!  We have some cool stuff planned for tonight, including goat, beef heart, and more. The best part is it's FREE!!

(PS- This is a perfect excuse to get a taste of what we can do if you're thinking about hiring us in the future!), Let's play a game: name this ingredient!  Any guesses as to what we're cooking? :), null, Operation groomsmaid/caterer! Second wedding down!

 Sometimes life and career intersect and you get to do something amazing - like cater your childhood best friend's wedding. :) It's moments like these that make me happier than ever to do what I do for a living - doing what you love for people you love on a day devoted to celebrating love - it's a feeling like no other. Congrats, Ryan and Drew! <3, Photos from Saturday! So much fun - check out some of the amazing costumes (and a few food shots as well!) :D, null, Black Cat Culinary's second annual Halloween bash. 10.24.15.
Photos by Daniel Nyman Photography, TONIGHT!! Come out for our largest, most public event yet! There will be tons of food, great music, and shenanigans! 

If you don't have your costume yet, check out our friends at Hubba-Hubba - they have tons of unique things to get you looking fabulous for tonight! 

Doors open at 10 - See you all in a few hours! :), Our second annual Halloween bash. 10.24.15.
Photos by Daniel Nyman Photography, null, null, Chef Heather talks music, food, and travel in this cool new interview with Netherlands based Ghost Cult Magazine. Kitchen Kvlt!! :D

http://www.ghostcultmag.com/interview-kitchen-kvlt-chef-heather-feher-of-black-cat-culinary/

http://www.ghostcultmag.com/interview-part-ii-chef-heather-feher-black-cat-culinary/, Isn't brunch the best? We did a simple, classic brunch for a little girl's special celebration this weekend. Check out some of the food! :) 

Fall is filling up fast - book us for your next party and let us do the cooking while you relax with your guests!, Food isn't always what it seems! Read labels and know what you're actually paying for - there are so many products like this out there!, Is there anything more perfect in the world?? Fresh sunnyside up duck egg from the Farm School in Athol, MA. Grilled Iggy's bread. Salt. Cracked black pepper. #yolkporn, We don't always do weddings, but when we do... it's for friends and a bunch of restaurant folks. 130 guests with 3.5 staff (one being the groom!), an ambitious yet simple menu, and an amazing view on a 150+ year old estate in New Hampshire's White Mountains last weekend. Congrats, Chris and Catherine!, Happy to be cooking at Eva's Farm Organic Butcher Shop again tomorrow evening!  Here's a few photos from the last class - tomorrow we're highlighting their lamb kebabs! Contact them for more info if you'd like to join us for dinner!, Black Cat Culinary's Summer Pig Roast
July 26 2015 | photos by  https://www.facebook.com/pages/In-Your-Face-Photo/173086750788?fref=ts, Our first Viking Pig Roast - a summer thank you to our friends and family! 
July 26 2015 | photos by Daniel Nyman Photography, Excited to be cooking at Eva's Farm Organic Butcher Shop tonight for part 3 of their demi classes! :), Happy birthday to one of our favorite clients! Check out a few photos from the celebration last weekend :), A few photos from a graduation party we did last week! This is only about 1/3 of the menu  :), We've had a busy few weeks over here - lots of awesome clients and delicious food! Here's a birthday dinner we did last week.

(Not pictured: wild mushroom and apricot risotto mid course), Nothing says weekend comfort like a simple dinner! Our favorite: crispy skinned slow roasted whole chicken with lemon, garlic, and herbs, baby potatoes roasted in pan drippings, sautéed haricot vert with butter and crispy shallots, a super rich white wine pan gravy, and a loaf of fresh crusty French bread to clean your plates :) 

For the crispiest skin,  liberally salt the entire outside with kosher salt, then leave your chicken uncovered on a rack in your fridge overnight  - the salt will pull moisture from the skin and allow it to air dry, resulting in crispy (not soggy!) skin.

[Photo credit: Daniel Nyman Photography], Sunday night's dinner party had a Spanish/Latin theme - check out some of the unusual ingredients we found! :), Last night's dinner party was one of the most memorable yet - a French/Norwegian fusion birthday for two awesome couples!, Have you tried purple cauliflower yet? It's a really gorgeous way to add a bit of spring color to your holiday plates - here we have it served two ways, pureed with buttermilk and parmesan, and the florets are cooked sous vide with herbs, white wine, and garlic. We served it with pan seared haddock, fried pacaya, and an herb salad, drizzled with a blood orange beurre blanc.

(Photo by Daniel Nyman Photography - give his page a like, he does all our food photos!), What kind of fun foods did you have for St. Patrick's day yesterday? We couldn't decide between corned beef and beef stew..  So we made corned beef and Guinness stew! It was super rich and delicious - definitely something we're going to make again!, On Sunday we taught a super fun vegan brunch class at the Cambridge Center for Adult Education! Check out how the students did with these photos - everything was so tasty! :)

We can customize cooking classes for you and your friends, for small or large groups, with any type of menu - if you host it, we will cook! :), Our resident black kitty Valkyrie decided to pay Chef Heather a visit while doing a last minute recipe test/photoshoot! This behind the scenes shot was too silly not to share. :)

Do any of you have cats that love cooking? Post your photos here! =^.^=

(photo by www.danielnymanphotography.com), Final menu from BLASTFEST´15 - Official Event. What a crazy, awesome week! Thank you to everyone involved, especially the amazing crew helping us out! Looking forward to the next festival :), Tonight's menu backstage. Guess which bands were playing? :D, Tonight's challenge: Sixteen people, $60, limited ingredients, no kitchen, one microwave, most expensive country in the world (Norway). 
Tonight the BLASTFEST crew got tacos! :), Europe! We are heading your way! Our crew departs tomorrow to do a bit of sightseeing before we spend the week making some tasty treats for BLASTFEST in Bergen, Norway! Will we see any of our fans there? Stay tuned for all of our new food discoveries! :D, Last night's dinner party was comfort food with a south american twist! From traditional street food to contemporary sous vide, we had a little bit of everything :), Yumm... Prepping sous vide short ribs for a dinner party this weekend. See you in 48 hours, you sexy little beasts!, Found a cool new product in the store this week - Kale Sprouts! Have any of you tried these yet? They're a natural crossbreed of kale and brussels sprouts... And these are a really vibrant deep purple. How have you cooked them?, Today's cooking class did a phenomenal job stuffing and tying a rather challenging leg of lamb! :), CHESTNUTS! Boiled, smoked, and roasted. One of the most magical things about fall - our Thanksgiving wouldn't be complete without them! What's your favorite part of Thanksgiving? :), Photography by Daniel Nyman: http://danielnymanphoto.wix.com/danielphotography, Photography by Daniel Nyman: http://danielnymanphoto.wix.com/danielphotography, Happy Halloween, New England! If you don't have plans on our favorite holiday, consider dusting off your costumes and joining us for a night of food, dancing, and fun! :) 

https://www.facebook.com/events/367217833447309, Friends that forage are our favorites! We were given a bunch of gorgeous Chicken of the Woods recently... What's your favorite way to cook up these delicious mushrooms? :), This Sunday, October 5: tune your TVs to the food network at 8/7c to watch Chef Heather compete on an extra special spooktacular Halloween episode of Guy's Grocery Games!! :), Chilly October evenings call for horror movies aaaand.... Pumpkin Spice kettle corn on the stove top :), Frankenstein hors d'oeuvres on the fly tonight! When the guest count drastically increases and they've demolished twice the food you planned for, you get creative and piece together something awesome. ;) #makeithappen, It's finally starting to feel like fall here in Boston!! We're getting into the spirit of our favorite culinary season by testing out a few new recipes - like this delicious Pumpkin Pie Tiramisu with bourbon and espresso! YUM! What's your favorite fall food?, null, Taught a really cool vegan class at the Cambridge Center for Adult Education last night! The students did a great job - check it out!! :), Did a really fun last minute anniversary dinner for two couples last night! Had so much fun making their night extra special :), Recipe testing tonight! Spanish style braised octopus. Brined first, then simmered with onions, garlic, paprika, herbs, and fresh tomatoes. :), Last week chef Heather did a special dinner for ten of AirBnB's top hosts (in partnership with Chef'd Up!) at a really cool spot in Boston's South End. Despite some rather stressful yet ultimately hilarious setbacks (lack of an oven/the ability to sear meat, very few pots/pans/equipment/etc!) we managed to rework the menu and improvise (straining pasta with a roasting rack? sure!) on the spot to create a pretty awesome dinner - proving that we can in fact make just about ANYTHING work! :)

(Photos courtesy of our good friend, Daniel Nyman :) ), Fantastic summer salad for these unbearably hot days: baby chard and kale, balsamic and fig chevre, fresh local blueberries, roasted sunflower seeds, apple cider and honey vinaigrette., This weekend was SO much fun! Can't wait to go back to Halifax at some point - what an amazing city :), Wish chef Heather luck as she heads out to Right Some Good in Halifax this weekend! We couldn't be more excited or honored to be a part of this festival. Looking forward to a weekend filled with good food and good company :D

http://www.rightsomegood.ca/, This is why I love being a chef:  Ended up with a surplus of random leftovers from various gigs this week - decided to make the most epic "staff meal" ever and invited a few dozen friends over for an awesome impromptu taco party on Sunday. :) Sous vide chipotle duck breast, green chili chicken, pork and tofu al pastor, and braised mahi mahi, complete with habañero margaritas! Thanks to everyone who stopped by, it was a blast!, Had an awesome time helping out friends and cooking on top of the seaport hotel last night for the Chefs in Shorts benefit for Future Chefs! Awesome food, excellent company, and all for a great cause!, What's your guilty food pleasure? Here at Black Cat HQ we're all slightly dependent on flavored coffee creamers - so today we did some R&D  and made a few batches of our own! Much healthier than the chemical laden store bought ones (most don't even contain dairy - just hydrogenated oils!), half the amount of ingredients, AND they took us less than 5 minutes to make! :D, We had so much fun at @chefd_up 's  re-launch party last night at the Food Loft in Boston - Good food and lots of good people! If you're not familiar with their website/concept, you should be! I've had a lot of fun working with them over the last +/- 2 years. :), How cool is this? How many of you would try edible wood? I think another trip to Argentina is in order. :), We're super excited to announce that Chef Heather will be participating in this year's Right Some Good festival in Halifax on June 29! Keep checking back for updates! :)

http://thechronicleherald.ca/artslife/1210988-pop-up-dinners-on-menu-at-right-some-good-in-halifax, Uh oh! Time to start thinking about summer menus in a completely different way. We're most upset about the lime shortage- however will we satisfy our constant cravings for ceviche?! 

What will you miss the most on this list?, Super excited to see the first black radishes of the season in the market this week! Was playing around with different flavor combinations and this one kinda rocked... 
Black radish/blue cheese, toasted and finished with aged balsamic reduction, honey powder, and fleur de sel. It's like a vegetarian version of a black&bleu :p 
What's your favorite way to use black radishes?, Happy Friday!! We've been playing around with a bunch of "meatless" burgers the last few days, because homemade is always better than store-bought! Today's is a spiced chickpea, polenta, pepita, and tuna burger with bubbly browned goat cheese, sriracha, and baby kale. It took less than ten minutes to make and was SO satisfying! :), One of the favorites from our launch party on Sunday! Garlicky sliders topped with provolone and bacon jam on duck fat toasted buns. YUM! :D
If you came, what were your favorites? 
(P.s if you took photos, please share/tag (#blackcatbbq, #blackcatculinary)  them as I was way too busy cooking for most of the day to take any!), null, Saturday night's last-minute dinner party! Australian grass-fed lamb t-bones with flavors of green curry, toasted coconut, smashed taro root, roasted local radishes, pickled blackberries, amaranth. 

Want a dinner like this in your own home? Send us a message!, Woohoo, we've reached 500 likes!! Thank you all so much for your help getting to this point. Every like and share helps me get one step closer to my dream. You guys rock! <3, The best of Black Cat's dinner party creations!, We're #official!! This is so exciting!!, All set for tonight's cooking class at Taranta!, Do you have leftover St. Patrick's Day food? Here's a great way to use it up... Green boxty and shredded corned beef Benedict! The rich, runny egg yolk is the perfect counterpart to the salty corned beef, and potatoes and hollandaise are unbeatable together. The green comes from pureeing kale, parsley, and chives with the buttermilk. 
Bonus: it's also gluten free!, Our first thought: "I wonder what they taste like!!" :D
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten? Fermented shark, raw whale, and insects galore top our list!, We're obsessed with #cookbooks! Which one should we get next? What's YOUR favorite?, Sorry for the social media onslaught, but... Our instagram is up and running as well! Give us a follow @blackcatculinary and we'll show you some love! 
http://instagram.com/blackcatculinary, Black Cat Culinary is now on Twitter! Give us a follow if you are as well! @blackcatcuisine , Black Cat Culinary is almost officially an LLC! It's been an exciting journey so far - I can't wait to see what else 2014 has in store!, null, From Halloween (our favorite!) to birthdays, Valentines day to Thanksgiving - we love cute, kitschy food. :), On tour, backstage, or in an unfamiliar kitchen near you!, The best of Black Cat's dinner party creations!)