List(CUYAHOGA FALLS HOSTS AN EARTH WEEK DISPLAY AND AUCTION
Cuyahoga Falls, OH- Mayor Don Walters is pleased to invite citizens, businesses and organizations throughout the community to enjoy the 2016 City of Cuyahoga Falls Earth Week display at City Hall, 2310 Second Street.  The Earth Week Display will be exhibited from Monday, April 18th through Friday, April 22nd from 8 AM to 5 PM.
 
Special features of this year’s Earth Week display will include creative poster artwork designed by local 2nd grade students, information on the array of the City’s environmental programs and initiatives, and a silent auction of two (2) rain barrels designed to help harvest rain water for gardens and plantings.  Bids on the rain barrels will include an option to bid on a “rain barrel art kit” for citizens interested in painting the rain barrel they win.

Bidding on a rain barrel WITHOUT the art kit will begin at $60 to cover the cost of the rain barrel. Bidding on a rain barrel WITH the art kit will begin at $80 to help cover the rain barrel and the cost of paint and supplies.  Each bid must be a minimum increase of $2 over the previous bid.  All proceeds from the rain barrel silent auction will go to the Summit Soil & Water Conservation District Public Involvement/Public Education (PIPE) program.  Silent auction bidding on the rain barrels will close at 5:00 PM on Friday, April 22nd.

A special thank you is extended to the Summit Soil & Water Conservation District and to the Ohio EPA. For questions, please contact Rebecca McCleary at McClearyRM@cityofcf.com or 330-971-8201., null, Save the date for this fun event. Sponsorship opportunities are still available., null, Save the date. The Dan Crabtree Memorial 5k will be held this year on June 11!!!! Details will be out shortly., null, The Akron Police Department has 
notified the Summit County Prosecutor’s Office that 
APD 
received two separate 
reports
where 
people
have called elderly individuals 
posin
g
as members of the Akron Police Department.  The callers told these victims they are 
investigating fraud occurring at 
local
bank
s. The victim was then 
asked to assist in a 
“covert” operation to catch the thieves.
The suspect told the victim to withdraw l
arge sums of money from their personal banking 
account. One victim drove the suspects to the bank to withdraw the money.  The other 
met the victim at her home after she withdrew money from her bank.
The Akron Police Department 
assures our office they
neve
r request a citizen to withdraw 
their personal funds from their bank account.  If a citizen receives such a telephone call, 
please contact the Akron Police or your local law enforcement agency.  Any descriptive 
information such as caller identification num
ber, type of voice, etc. would also be 
helpful.
It is especially important that our senior citizens be informed of this latest scam.  If you 
have an elderly parent, grandparent, neighbor or friend, please emphasize the importance 
of not withdrawing money 
from their personal accounts based on a 
phone
call or without 
verifying the information through your local law enforcement agency., 16-1451
************** Update one subject charged due to tip called in thank you**********

We are looking for help in identifying these two males. They are suspects in a theft at a local business. Please call our Confidential Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighter Tip Line at 330-971-TIPS (8471) or contact Detectives Good and Luggelle at 330-971-8334. Thanks for your help., Route 8 south is now open in Cuyahoga Falls, Route 8 will be temporarily shut down southbound at Second St. Due to a fatal crash in Akron., Congratulations to our newest officer Kayla Yanus who was sworn into the department today by Mayor Don Walters., null, Snow ban in effect until 4 pm today due to last nights snow. To report vehicles parked on roads not plowed yet call our dispatch at 330 928 2181. Reporting on Facebook will not go to our dispatchers   Please move your vehicles so our plow drivers can clear the roads., Need help in identifying the below subject who robbed the Shell station at 1683 State Rd. today at 1152 a.m. If anyone can help identify call our dispatch number at 330 928-2181 or the anonymous Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighter Tip line at 330 971 8477. A reward is offered., Thank you to all who participated in showing respect and honor to our former Chief and brother Louis Dirker., Important E911 information if you are a user of VOIP Phones

VOIP (Voice over IP) provides you with phone services over your broadband connection. There is an important difference between the VOIP service and the phone service provided over a traditional phone line -- this difference is that the 9-1-1 dialing feature with VOIP has important limitations that you should be aware of and that you advise others that may use the VOIP service in your residence or business.
YOU, AS A VOIP USER, ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ACTIVATING THE 9-1-1 DIALING FEATURE BY TAKING AFFIRMATIVE STEPS TO REGISTER THE ADDRESS WHERE YOU WILL USE THE VOIP SERVICE.
IF YOU MOVE THE LOCATION OF WHERE YOU USE THE VOIP SERVICE, YOU MUST AFFIRMATIVELY ACTIVATE THE 9-1-1 DIALING FEATURE AT THAT LOCATION BY REGISTERING THE ADDRESS WITH YOUR PROVIDER. IF YOU FAIL TO REGISTER YOUR LOCATION OR CHANGE THE ADDRESS TO A NEW LOCATION, THE 9-1-1 DIALING FEATURE WILL NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY AND POTENTIALLY NO EMERGENCY SERVICE WILL BE SENT TO YOUR LOCATION. 
You are responsible for the accuracy and the completeness of the address that you submit to your VOIP provider for the location at which your VOIP equipment will be used and to which emergency service will be sent in the event that you use the VOIP 9-1-1 dialing service. You are responsible for updating by advising your VOIP provider of any and all changes to the address or location at which VOIP will be used. VOIP uses a third party to route the 9-1-1 dialed calls to the applicable local emergency response center or to the national emergency calling centers. Your provider makes no warranties or guarantees as to whether, or the manner in which, 9-1-1 dialed calls that you make are answered or responded to by the local emergency response center or by the national emergency calling centers. Your provider has a disclaimer for any and all liability or responsibility in the event that the third party data used to route 9-1-1 dialed calls is incorrect or yields an erroneous result. 
Basically, at minimum, contact your VOIP provider ASAP if your equipment has moved to a new location. Whether it is next door, across town, or out of state, THIS CHANGE OF ADDRESS CALL COULD SAVE YOUR LIFE., Cuyahoga Falls Issues Citywide Parking Ban

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Mayor Don Walters would like to alert residents and motorists to a citywide parking ban which will be in effect starting at 5:30 a.m. on Thursday, February 11, 2016 through 5:30 a.m. Friday, February 12, 2016.  The parking ban is needed to assist our street crews in clearing off roadways.  Cars parked on city streets will be ticketed and are subject to towing., CITY OF CUYAHOGA FALLS GAS AGGREGATION UPDATE
NEW RATE APRIL 1, 2016

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio- Mayor Don Walters is pleased to announce that Cuyahoga Falls has locked into a new gas rate with our current supplier IGS Energy.  Our current contract with IGS Energy began in April 2015 and continues through goes until March 2017.  The current rate of $3.59/MCF is set to expire at thewith the end of March 2016 billing period.  The current IGS Energy rate of $3.59/MCFmcf will run through your March billing period. 
The new rate with IGS Energy begins April 2016. The current offer is for six months of the contract.  The offer provided is a fixed monthly rate of $2.67/MCFmcf through the September 2016 billing period. The price for the remaining six months of the contract will be locked in before September 2016. 
Under the terms of the Aggregation Program, eligible residential and small commercial customers will be included in the purchasing group automatically unless they elect to opt-out of the Program.  This includes those currently enrolled in the program and those currently on Dominion’s SCO program.  IGS Energy will be sending information to all eligible customers on or around February 2011, 2016.   
For current participants in the City’s gas program:
Participants will continue to be enrolled in the new program. This is an opt-out program. Letters will be mailed from IGS to each customer explaining the program. Participants will have the option to terminate at any time without cancellation fees. 
For Dominion East Ohio customers paying the SCO rate:
Dominion customers will be automatically movedflipped into the City’s program.  This is an opt-out program, providing each customer with the opportunity to opt-out.. Letters will be mailed from IGS to each customer explaining the program and options. If you chose not to participate, contact IGS to opt-out.
For customers that are on another CHOICE program with a different supplier:
You will not receive a letter.  You may call IGS to join, but review your current contract first. 
If you have any additional questions regarding the City of Cuyahoga Falls Natural Gas Aggregatione Gas Program, contact IGS Energy at: 1-800-280-447477-353-0162 or visit the Cuyahoga Falls Aggregation web page at www.igsenergy.com/cuyahogafalls.  Continue to watch the Falls New Press and City’s website at www.cityofcf.com for updates.
-END-, Don't be a victim of an IRS scam.

https://youtu.be/dOQypmRXTHE, It is with much sadness that we announce the passing of our former Chief of Police Louis Dirker . Chief Dirker served the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department with honor from 1974 until his retirement as Chief in 2001. Our thoughts and prayers go out to his family ., 15-33442

We are looking for help in identifying this woman and man, as they are suspected of passing counterfeit money at a local business. If you have any information, you can call the Confidential Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighter's Tip Line at 330-971-TIPS (8477) or contact Detectives Luggelle or Good at 330-971-8334. Thanks for your help., PRESS RELEASE

Update to Burglaries 15-23443 and 15-23829:

The Summit County Grand Jury has indicted the following person for two burglaries that occurred during September 2015 in the Northampton area of Cuyahoga Falls.

Indicted:
Frank A. Robinson Jr.
B/M – 31 yoa
LKA: Akron, Ohio

Charges:
*Burglary – ORC 2911.12 – Felony of the 2nd degree (Two counts)
*Receiving Stolen Property – ORC 2913.51 – Felony of the 5th degree (One count) & Misdemeanor of the 1st degree (One Count)

He has also been indicted for other burglaries in neighboring communities. Capias warrants have been issued for his arrest. If you know his location, contact your local police department or you may call the Confidential Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighter Tip Line at 330-971-TIPS (8477)., Congratulations to Lt. Todd Shafer and Sgt. Dominic Perella who were sworn into their new positions on Friday by Mayor Don Walters. Good luck to both of them., PRESS RELEASE

On 1/28/16 at about 9:00 A.M. the Cuyahoga Falls Police Narcotics Unit executed a search warrant in the 4200 block of Americana Dr. The warrant was related to an investigation into Methamphetamine and Marijuana trafficking. As a result of the investigation, two persons have been charged:

Shasta JA Fazenbaker
Age 22
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio
Charges:
Aggravated Trafficking in Drugs 2925.03 Felony 4 (3 counts)
Trafficking in Drugs 2925.03 Felony 5

Jaclyn L. Szachury
Age 29
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio
Charges:
Aggravated Trafficking in Drugs 2925.03 Felony 4 (2 counts)
Trafficking in Drugs 2925.03 Felony5

Fazenbaker was taken into custody at the time of the search and was booked into the Summit County Jail pending her arraignment in Stow Municipal Court.

Szachury has not been located at this time and warrants have been issued for her arrest. Szachury is encouraged to turn herself into the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department. Anyone with information on her whereabouts is asked to call the Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighters Tip Line (330-971-8477). Calls to this line are confidential and could result in a cash reward., Congratulations to Lt. Dale Gramley on his retirement after 36 years of service to both Cuyahoga Falls and Northampton., 15-32502

We are looking for help in identifying these two white males who stole items from a Howe Ave. store. If you can help, call the Confidential Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighter Tip Line at 330-971-TIPS (8477) or detectives Luggelle and Good at 330-971-8334. Thanks for your help., Cuyahoga Falls Police Department, Detective Bureau
2310 Second Street
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio 44221
330-971-8334

PRESS RELEASE

As a result of ongoing drug trafficking investigations the Cuyahoga Falls Police Narcotics Unit has issued 14 warrants for 6 individuals for various drug related charges. At this time, the U.S. Marshals Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force is assisting in the apprehension of the wanted individuals and has taken the following persons into custody:

Joseph T. Madigan 
Age 24
Silver Lake Ohio
Charges:
Trafficking in Heroin 2925.03 Felony 5 (2 counts)

Alex M. Laymon
Age 18
Akron Ohio
Charges:
Trafficking in Marijuana in the vicinity of a School 2925.03 Felony 4 (2 counts)
Trafficking in Marijuana 2925.03 Felony 5

Travis D. Marshall
Age 20
Cuyahoga Falls Ohio
Charges:
Trafficking in Drugs 2925.03 Felony 5 (2 counts)

The following persons still have active warrants and are wanted by the Cuyahoga Falls Police and are actively being sought by the Marshals Task Force.  They are encouraged to surrender themselves to the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department. 

Shannon M. Ninis 
Age 37
Cuyahoga Falls Ohio
Charges:
Aggravated Trafficking in Drugs 2925.03 Felony 4 (2 counts)
Trafficking in Drugs 2925.03 Felony 5

Vicky L. Slayko-Gray
Age 59
Cuyahoga Falls Ohio
Charges:
Aggravated Trafficking in Drugs 2925.03 Felony 4 (2 counts)

Junoe Sage Alexander Simon-Lay
Age 18
Stow, Ohio
Charges:
Trafficking in Cocaine in the Vicinity of a School 2925.03 Felony 4
Trafficking in Cocaine 2925.03 Felony 5

Anyone with information on their whereabouts is asked to call the Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighters Tip Line at (330) 971-TIPS. Any information called into this line is confidential and may result in a cash reward., Condolences to Canton PD officers over the loss of their K9 Jethro who was killed in response to a break in., Had a great lunch with Mayor Walters and two very nice Redeemer students. The students had won a lunch with the Mayor and Chief at a fund raiser auction., PRESS RELEASE
Update 2015-10238

On 4/21/15 Marie Taylor reported a burglary of her residence to the Cuyahoga Falls Police.  The residence was located in the 2200 block of Issaquah St. Ms. Taylor lost jewelry and electronic devices with valuable family and business related photographs on them valued at almost $12,000.00. Detectives worked the case but were unable to develop leads at the time. Recently, Detectives developed new information and with the assistance of the Akron Police Department were able to locate and recover several electronic devices, some of which contained the lost photographs, and return them to Ms. Taylor. 

With the recovery of the property, Detectives were also able to identify suspects in this Burglary. The suspects are already incarcerated on other similar crimes. Detectives are currently consulting with the Summit County Prosecutors Office on charges. This investigation continues to be ongoing at this point., Press Release 16-244:

On Monday January 4th, 2016 at approximately 0341 hours Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to an armed robbery at the Seven Eleven gas station located at 1205 Main Street.  Employees there reported that a male entered the store, pointed a gun at them and took an undisclosed amount of money.  He then ordered them into a back room and fled the store on foot in an unknown direction.  

The suspect was described as a black male, 5’11” – 6’01, 160-180 lbs., late 20’s-30’s, wearing black trench-coat, maroon colored shirt and jeans, partial black mask. 

Anyone with information please contact the Cuyahoga Falls Detectives Schmidt or Lengel at 330-971-8334 or the Confidential Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighters Tip Line a 330-971-TIPS (8477)., THE 2016 CUYAHOGA FALLS COMMUNITY CALENDARS ARE HERE
Mayor Don Walters is happy to announce that the 2016 City of Cuyahoga Falls Community Calendar is now available. The calendar contains valuable information for residents throughout the year. Be sure to pick up your free copy of the calendar at any of the following locations, while supplies last: 
•	City Hall Utility Billing Office – 2310 Second Street 
•	The Natatorium – 2345 Fourth Street
•	Quirk Cultural Center – 1201 Grant Avenue 
•	Acme #10 – 2226 State Road
•	Acme #12 – 2630 Bailey Road
•	Cuyahoga Falls Chamber of Commerce  - 151 Portage Trail #1
•	Cuyahoga Falls Historical Society – 2083 Cook Street (open on Mondays, 8 AM to       12 Noon) 
•	Cuyahoga Falls Library – 2015 3rd Street

In addition, an online version is available on the City’s website at www.cityofcf.com., Happy New Year, Mayor Walters Announces City of Cuyahoga Falls’ Participation in Ohio Checkbook
Submitted by meachamcj@cityofcf on Wed, 12/30/2015 - 11:23am

Mayor Walters is pleased to announce that the City of Cuyahoga Falls is participating in Ohio Checkbook, an effort to make city finances more accessible and searchable for residents. At a press conference held on Wednesday, December 30, 2015, he joined State Treasurer Josh Mandel, City of Barberton Mayor Bill Judge and City of Tallmadge Finance Director Molly Gilbride, as they jointly announced that the public may now view city financials on www.ohiocheckbook.com.

The State Treasurer’s office offers this service at no expense to local governments.  Cuyahoga Falls’ online checkbook includes over 15,000 individual transactions that represent more than $59 million of total spending over fiscal year 2015. The financials will be updated at the close of every month.

“The City of Cuyahoga Falls is happy to participate in the Ohio Online Checkbook,” said Mayor Don Walters. “Since becoming Mayor, I have pledged a renewed sense of openness and honesty in everything that we do, and this is just another example of our willingness to provide transparency and accessibility to the citizens that we serve.”

“I believe the people of Summit County have a right to know how their tax money is being spent, and I applaud local leaders here for partnering with my office to post the finances on OhioCheckbook.com,” said Treasurer Mandel.  “By posting local government spending online, we are empowering taxpayers across Ohio to hold public officials accountable.”

“Since becoming Finance Director, the city’s checkbook has been open to the public and the Ohio Online Checkbook provides another avenue for the citizens to obtain financial information,” stated Finance Director Bryan Hoffman. “I am happy to be able to provide the information in this user friendly way.” 

For questions or additional information, please contact Finance Director Bryan Hoffman at 330.971.8230 or Hoffman@cityofcf.com., Wishing everyone a safe and peaceful Christmas, Cuyahoga Falls Police Department, Detective Bureau
2310 Second Street
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio 44221
330-971-8334

PRESS RELEASE

On 12/17/15 at about 9:00 A.M. Cuyahoga Falls Police Detectives and representatives of Internet Crimes Against Children (ICAC) executed a search warrant in the 1800 block of Maurice St. in Cuyahoga Falls. ICAC had provided information indicating that child pornography was being downloaded at that location. As a result of the search and subsequent investigation, the resident has been arrested.

ARRESTED

Steven B. Rex
Age 46
Cuyahoga Falls Ohio

CHARGES

Pandering Obscenity Involving a Minor, 2907.321, Felony 2
Illegal Use of a Minor in Nudity-Oriented Material or Performance, 2907.323, Felony 2

Rex was booked into the Cuyahoga Falls City Jail and then taken to the Stow Municipal Court. Evidence obtained during the search will be analyzed further and additional charges are possible., Thank you to the officers and all the motorists who supported our toys for tickets campaign. We were able to donate over 200 toys to Good Neighbors for their annual drive., On Wednesday, December 09, 2015, at 9:24 am, officers were summonsed to Cuyahoga Falls High School, 2300 4th Street, to assist the school with a disorderly student.

While officers were handling the first incident, they were notified by school personal that it was being reported a 16 year old student, had shown another student a weapon, believed to be a gun.

The administrative staff immediately utilized procedures to ensure the safety of the Students and Staff while officers investigated the incident. The officers made contact with the student at the office; he did not have any weapons on his person. The student’s backpack which had been brought to the office by a teacher revealed a homemade device that would, at first glance, look like a gun, but was not. The item turned out to be pruning shears wrapped in electrical tape. Additionally, a Swiss army type knife was taped to the outside of the shears.

There were no threats made by the student to the staff or other students.

The student was arrested for Illegal Possession of a Weapon in a School, a Felony of the 5th degree, and Inducing Panic, a Misdemeanor of the 1st degree.

The student was transported to the Summit County Juvenile Detention Center., Mayor Don Walters Unveils Internet Purchase Exchange Location

Mayor Don Walters is pleased to announce the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department Internet Purchase Exchange Location. Cuyahoga Falls has designated a “Safe Zone” where members of the public are free to meet face-to-face to buy and sell items transacted through online marketplaces, such as Craigslist. The “Safe Zone” which offers recorded video and audio surveillance, is located in the Police Department lobby on the Oakwood Drive side of City Hall, and is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. There is no appointment necessary for use of the “Safe Zone” but it is suggested that members of the community call the police department non-emergency number at 330-928-2181 ahead of time if they feel any uneasiness regarding the transaction.
Sales of alcohol, drugs, weapons, motor vehicles, boats or other large equipment are not permitted in the “Safe Zone”.
By designating the above location as a “Safe Zone”, the Mayor hopes to reduce the incidences of crime associated with face-to-face transactions. The City of Cuyahoga Falls is not responsible for any issues relating to any transaction made in the “Safe Zone”. The community is reminded to never hesitate to contact Police if feeling unsafe or suspicious about a pending transaction., Shared for Akron Police. If anyone has any information please contact them., PRESS RELEASE

15-31290

On December 3rd, 2015 at approximately 9:00AM the Cuyahoga Falls Police Narcotics Unit with assistance from the department's S.W.A.T. Team executed a search warrant in the 800 block of Clyde Ave. As a result of the search, detectives recovered various types of narcotics to include heroin, fentanyl and suspected MDMA. Also recovered was a handgun reported stolen out of Canton. $3,511.00 in cash was also seized.  At this time, the resident has been arrested.  

ARRESTED
Rodrick Andre Byrd Jr.
Age 28
Cuyahoga Falls OH

CHARGES
Trafficking in Drugs 2925.03 F3

This investigation is ongoing and further charges are expected to be filed against Byrd., null, ****** December 11, 2015 is the date for this******

WOIO will be broadcasting LIVE from 4-6:30pm at the Marc's Cuyahoga Falls location at 2900 State Rd.  This is a drive up/drop off style event where we ask viewers to bring any canned or non-perishable food items, new or gently used coats or new, unwrapped toys.  All donations, including monetary donations, will be given to the Akron Canton Regional Food Bank, the Salvation Army, the Volunteers of America of Greater Cleveland and Flashes of Hope - a charity that raises money for pediatric cancer research. We will have an officer there with a cruiser for the kids to see as well., Please be advised that Broad Boulevard is now open at the CSX tracks. The detour signs and message boards are currently being taken down., Officers and reserve members participated in a No Shave November Campaign and raised $1105.00 for the Cuyahoga Falls Cancer Club. Pictured are some of the participants as well as members of the club., ******Starts tomorrow **********CSX Track Maintenance at Broad Boulevard
Cuyahoga Falls, OH-The City of Cuyahoga Falls has been advised that CSX is scheduled to perform maintenance on the Broad Boulevard tracks between Monday, November 30th and Wednesday, December 9th, 2015.  During this time CSX will remove and replace those sections of train track that cross Broad Boulevard.    The road will be closed from the intersection of Tallmadge Rd / Newberry Street on the east side of the Railroad tracks,  to the on/off ramps of SR8 / Broad Boulevard on the west side of the tracks. Appropriate detour signs will be placed, in advance, throughout the area to direct traffic. Emergency personnel have been notified.   

In addition to this work, and to take advantage of the closed road, the Ohio Rail Development Commission is scheduled to install a six (6) inch curb divider down the middle of Broad Boulevard extending both east and west from the CSX crossing gates.  This work is part of a comprehensive safety project to make the crossing safer by preventing automobiles from going around the gates. 

For questions or additional information, please contact: Eric M. Czetli, Director of Public Service at 330-971-8240 or through email at: service@cityofcf.com., Have a safe and joyful thanksgiving, This Saturday's Lady Black Tigers game vs Garfield Heights is cancelled.... BUT now there will be a Falls Alum of #JonesGirls playing vs the Lady Black Tigers. This game was to honor our very own Coach Tom Jones and we are not letting that stop. Please come out to Cuyahoga Falls High School at 1pm and show your community support for the past, present and future. Coach Jones will be honored at Half Time. This is all done to benefit the Tom Jones Scholarship fund and all the girls this man has helped and led through his legacy., ******Starts tomorrow **********CSX Track Maintenance at Broad Boulevard
Cuyahoga Falls, OH-The City of Cuyahoga Falls has been advised that CSX is scheduled to perform maintenance on the Broad Boulevard tracks between Monday, November 30th and Wednesday, December 9th, 2015.  During this time CSX will remove and replace those sections of train track that cross Broad Boulevard.    The road will be closed from the intersection of Tallmadge Rd / Newberry Street on the east side of the Railroad tracks,  to the on/off ramps of SR8 / Broad Boulevard on the west side of the tracks. Appropriate detour signs will be placed, in advance, throughout the area to direct traffic. Emergency personnel have been notified.   

In addition to this work, and to take advantage of the closed road, the Ohio Rail Development Commission is scheduled to install a six (6) inch curb divider down the middle of Broad Boulevard extending both east and west from the CSX crossing gates.  This work is part of a comprehensive safety project to make the crossing safer by preventing automobiles from going around the gates. 

For questions or additional information, please contact: Eric M. Czetli, Director of Public Service at 330-971-8240 or through email at: service@cityofcf.com., Thank you to the students at IHM school for the survivor bags that they made for our officers. The officers enjoyed the treats as well as the nice notes from the students., Mayor Walters Announces 2015 Toys for Tickets Program

Mayor Don Walters is pleased to announce the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department’s 2015 Toys for Tickets Program. For the sixth year, the program allows motorists who are stopped for minor traffic offenses to trade a traffic warning for a toy donation to Cuyahoga Falls Good Neighbors.

“I am proud of Chief Davis and our Cuyahoga Falls Police Department for continuing this program to help out residents in need,” said Mayor Walters. “This is a great opportunity for motorists with minor traffic infractions to give back to the community, while being gently reminded to drive with added caution throughout the holiday season.”

From November 30, 2015 through December 11, 2015 Cuyahoga Falls Police Officers will issue toy waivers to replace verbal warnings that are received for minor traffic cases. The toy waiver encourages the minor traffic violator to donate a new, unwrapped toy to the Good Neighbors program. Drivers may drop off the toy at the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department, 2310 Second Street, on or before December 11, 2015.

For questions or additional information, please contact Chief Jack Davis at 330.971.8300., CITY OF CUYAHOGA FALLS
POLICE DEPARTMENT
*********** UPDATED INFORMATION : Suspect is in custody charges are pending. 

**** Arrested Jason D. Beavers 38 years old of Ravenna Ohio Charged with Attempted Aggravated Murder and Felonious Assault.*****
 
Press Release

On 11/17/15 at approximately 152pm The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department responded to the 4200 block of Quick Rd. Dispatchers sent officers to the location in response to a 911 call of a possible shooting. 

Responding officers quickly arrived on scene and determined that a male had been shot. Area schools were immediately put into a Place and Secure status until the scene was determined to be safe. 

The male who had been shot was conscious and breathing upon arrival. The male was able to provide suspect information prior to being transported to the hospital. 

The department has identified a suspect and detectives are investigating the incident. The suspect has been in contact with officers via the phone.

 At this time, it is believed that the shooting is a result of a dispute between the victim and the suspect and the general public is not in any danger.

Cuyahoga Falls Police Dept., As the Holiday season approaches and package delivery becomes more common we would like to advise residents of some safety tips:

 FedEx and UPS offer services to assist customers. To ensure packages are not stolen, consider:
• Requesting a signature on your deliveries, especially those of high value, so they are not left unattended. You can also give specific instructions on where to leave a package so it is not left in a visible spot.
• Signing up for an email alert that will notify you when your delivery is set to arrive.
• Choosing an alternative destination -- either at work or at a family member's, friend's or neighbor's house where someone will be home to receive the delivery.
• Re-directing packages, even if they're already on their way. Send them to your closest FedEx or UPS office, or another secure location.
• Setting up a vacation hold if you'll be away during the holidays so gifts will not be delivered to an empty house.
If you arrive home to find your package has been stolen, immediately report it to police.

We also ask that you be an alert neighbor and contact the police if you see anyone suspicious that may be looking at your neighbors delivery. We will increase our neighborhood patrols but we ask for your help as well., On Monday, 11/2/2015 at 11:51pm, Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to the 2200 block of Billman Place reference a suspicious vehicle. Upon arrival, officers made contact with 3 known juveniles 17yoa, 14yoa, and 13yoa in a dark green Jeep. Information came through the dispatch center that the Jeep was entered stolen out of Akron PD. The 17 year old and 14 year old immediately fled on foot. The 13 year old was taken into custody and was found to have 2 black air guns in his possession with the orange tips removed. The incident is still under investigation.

Charges: 

Receiving Stolen Property  F-5
Possession of air guns  M-3 
 Curfew, On 11-4-15 at 1828 hrs. a white male entered the US Bank located in the Acme Store at 2226 State Rd. and passed a note to the bank teller stating he had a gun and demanded money. The suspect vehicle left the area south bound on State Road with an undetermined amount of money. The suspect vehicle was stopped on State Road at Grant Avenue and the w/m suspect, later identified as Michael W. Williams, fled on foot leaving two black male suspects, later identified as Timothy Rogers (driver) and Louis Spaulding, in the vehicle. The suspects that remained in the vehicle were placed under arrest. Cuyahoga Falls Police officers searched the area for the third suspect. He was found later in the evening walking on 23rd Street near Chestnut Blvd. by the K-9 officer. The officer ordered him to stop but the suspect fled behind a residence on 23rd Street where he was apprehended in the backyard by the police K-9.
 
 
 
Arrested:
 
Suspect #1:
Michael Wayne Williams, age 52
960 Sawyer Avenue #2
Akron, Ohio
1 count of Aggravated Robbery 2911.01 a Felony of the 1st degree
 
Suspect #2
Timothy R. Rogers, age 25
767 Ardella Avenue
Akron, Ohio
1 count of Complicity to Aggravated Robbery 2923.03 a Felony of the 1st degree.
 
Suspect  #3
Louis M. Spaulding, age 25
414 Pine Street
Akron, Ohio
1 count of Drug Abuse 2925.11 Felony of the 4th degree, Bailey road blocked at railroad tracks due to train issues. Expected to be remedied shortly, 15-23275

We are looking for help in identifying the male in reference to a shoplifting at a local business. If you can help, please call our Confidential Crime Fighter Tip Line at 330-971-TIPS (8477) or call Detective Good or Anders at 330-971-8334. Thanks., During November Officers of the Police Department are able to participate in the NO SHAVE NOVEMBER cancer awareness campaign.  Officers are encouraged to grow a beard, cultivate a mustache, or let those legs go au natural. You may notice some scruffiness, or a little more itching of the face or legs when you see them. We may even have a few them sporting a full beards in no time. Others, will obviously struggle.

Officer will make a $5.00 weekly donation during the month of November. This money will be turned over as a donation to the Cuyahoga Falls Cancer Club at the end of the month. Officers making the donation will be allowed to skip the shaving each week they participate up to the end of November. If you feel inclined to participate with us? Please make your own donation to a Cancer Charity., On Saturday for Halloween safety we will have extra patrols out in the neighborhoods thanks to our reserve officers. We also will have extra officers out over the weekend to keep motorists safe from impaired drivers. Please drive safely and watch out for our children., On October 23, 2015 Cuyahoga Falls Police took a report for Burglary in the 2200 block of 10th St. in which numerous items were reported stolen, including several guns. 

On 10/26/2015 Cuyahoga Falls received an anonymous tip that an individual identified as Joseph Fowler was attempting to sell one of the stolen firearms in the parking lot of Sheetz Gas Station at 950 E. Steels Corners Rd in Stow, Ohio. Stow and Cuyahoga Falls Police confronted Fowler at the Sheetz Gas Station and found him to be in possession of two of the stolen firearms. Fowler admitted to police to having committed the burglary in the 2200 block of 10th St. 

Arrested:

Joseph R. Fowler
24 Years of age
Resident of Stow OH

Charges:

Joseph R Fowler was charged with Burglary a Felony of the Second Degree and is currently incarcerated in Summit County Jail., Had a great time taking Dan C to Mallory Crabtree's class today. Dan C is our canine attached to School Resource Officer Dennis. Dan C is named after Mallory's father, Dan Crabtree a Cuyahoga Falls Officer who was killed in Iraq while serving his country., 15-25453

We are looking for help in identifying the male and female suspects in reference to a shoplifting at a local grocery store. If you can help, please call our Confidential Crime Fighter Tip Line at 330-971-TIPS (8477) or call Detective Good or Anders at 330-971-8334. Thanks., The Cuyahoga Falls Police department using grant money from the Department of Public Safety will have extra patrols out this weekend to help provide safety during homecoming season. The officers will be concentrating on driving under the influence, seat belt and other moving violations., This is a scam that several Cuyahoga Falls residents are reporting. Please spread the word., The Centers for Disease Control provides best practices for Halloween trick-or-treaters by asking that people follow the "Safe Halloween" motto.

Swords, knives and other costume accessories should be short, soft and flexible.

Avoid trick-or-treating alone. Walk in groups or with a trusted adult.

Fasten reflective tape on costumes and bags to help drivers see you.

Examine all treats for choking hazards and tampering before you eat them.

Hold a flashlight while walking to ensure that you are visible. Walk and don’t run from house to house.

Always test make up in a small area first. Remove it before bedtime to prevent  possible skin and eye irritation.

Lower your risk of serious eye injury by not wearing decorative contact lenses.

Look both ways before crossing the street. Use established crosswalks wherever  possible.

Only walk on sidewalks wherever possible, or on the far edge of the road facing traffic to stay safe and to prevent accidents or injury.

Wear well-fitting masks, costumes and shoes to avoid blocked vision, trips and falls.

Eat only factory-wrapped candy. Avoid eating homemade treats offered by strangers.

Enter homes only if you’re with a trusted adult. Only visit well-lit houses. Don’t accept rides from strangers.

Never walk near lit candles or devices with open flames. Be sure to wear flame-resistant costumes., I had the opportunity to meet with Attorney General Mike Dewine's
teen ambassador group last week to discuss issues facing teenagers. Great group of kids with some good thoughts., Congratulations to Lt. Rich Knotek on his recent retirement. Lt. Knotek started with this department back in 1989.  We appreciated your many years of service to the city and wish you well for your future., Congratulations and welcome to our two newest officers sworn in by Mayor Walters on Monday. Officer Dave Zacharias and Officer Matthew Beale., Here is the current flyer for the event., Congratulations to Sgt. Chris Norfolk and Lt. Chad Johnson who were sworn into their new positions by Mayor Don Walters on October 1 , 2015 ., We had a report of a white male in his 40s exposing himself in the Bailey Rd area near Lincoln Park. This occurred Friday evening around 7 pm. The subject was driving a blue SUV described as an older model boxy style. If you see any suspicious activity please call our dispatch at 330 928 2181 or if you have information on the suspect please call our detectives 330 971 8334 or the CrimeFighters tip line at 330 971 8477., Reminder first responder appreciation day from 1-4 at the riverfront. Hope to see many of you there, PRESS RELEASE
14-29033
15-24327

On December 29th 2014 at approximately 10:52 AM the CVS Pharmacy at 1711 State Rd in Cuyahoga Falls was robbed by a male brandishing a handgun. The male approached employees at the pharmacy and demanded pills. After acquiring pills the male fled the store. No one was harmed during the armed robbery. The cities of Akron and Stow also had similar armed robberies in that time period that were believed to be related. Detectives investigated but no arrest was made at that time. 

On September 19th 2015, Cuyahoga Falls Patrol units responded to a Burglary report in the 1300 block of Sackett Ave in Cuyahoga Falls. Patrol units conducted an investigation on scene, identified a suspect and issued warrants on the suspect at that time. The suspect was identified as Alexander R. Linton.  After the suspect was arrested on the warrants, Detectives developed information that indicated this suspect may have been involved in the prior armed robberies.

On September 22nd 2015, Detectives from Cuyahoga Falls and Akron interviewed Linton and acquired a confession from him for committing the armed robberies in Cuyahoga Falls, Akron and Stow. At this time Cuyahoga Falls Police have added charges related to the CVS armed Robbery.

ARRESTED
Alexander R. Linton
Cuyahoga Falls Ohio
Age 21

CHARGES
Aggravated Robbery 2911.01, Felony 1
Burglary 2911.12, Felony 2

Linton is currently in custody in the Summit County Jail. Further charges are pending from both the Akron and Stow police departments., null, We will be participating in the National Drug Take Back Day this Saturday September 26, from 10am until 2 pm. The location will be the garage bay located next to the Natatorium Parking lot at the Police Department. We will only be accepting pills at this event no liquids, aerosols, or syringes. We still have our drug disposal box in the lobby that can be used anytime if you are unable to make it on Saturday., Mayor Don Walters Announces 2015 Public Power Pride Week Energy EXPO

Mayor Don Walters is pleased to invite the Cuyahoga Falls community to celebrate Public Power Pride Week at the 2015 Cuyahoga Falls Electric System Energy EXPO on Thursday, October 8th from 10 AM to 6 PM at the Quirk Cultural Center, 1201 Grant Avenue.

Informative displays and delicious refreshments will be offered throughout the day. A special Home Energy Efficiency Presentation by a team of energy efficiency experts will be provided at 10:30 AM.  Home Energy Efficiency Kits will also be available for residential customers of the Cuyahoga Falls Electric System, one per household while supply lasts.

In addition, creative energy projects developed by local 5th grade science students will be on display for all to appreciate. The 2015 Public Power Pride Week Energy EXPO will be a wonderful opportunity to celebrate exceptional utility services as well as to recognize some of the outstanding educational achievements of local students., null, Have a safe Labor Day, Below is a copy of a reported Craig's list post that is a scam in our area. 

reply ✉ ☎ reply
x prohibited[?] Posted: 4 days ago
◀ prev ▲ next ▶
print
Garage repair (Cuyahoga falls Akron)

call or text for your garage door repairs today 234-303-57XX

do NOT contact me with unsolicited services or offers, Press Release:

At approximately 7:30 this morning, the police and fire departments responded to Newberry Park reference a male subject with an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound. The Summit County Medical Examiner’s Office identified the victim as a 27-year-old 4th St. resident. The incident remains under investigation.

The Summit Christian Academy was placed on “place and secure” (not lock-down) for a few hours in response to this incident.

Sgt. Gary Blevins, Cuyahoga Falls Police are currently out on the scene at Summit Christian School reference a deceased male. There is no danger to the students or staff and officers will remain on scene until the medical examiner has the body removed. At this time it appears to be a self inflicted wound., Police Auction to be held on September 12, 2015 . Viewing at 9 am and auction starts at 10 am. Auction will be held at the Tech Service building 2511 Bailey Rd. http://www.auctionzip.com/Listings/2553555.html, Cuyahoga Falls, Munroe Falls, Stow and Tallmadge Police Departments 
Join Forces to Offer Free Citizens Academy to Residents

Cuyahoga Falls, OH, Aug. 26, 2015 — For citizens interested in getting an inside look at law enforcement, four community police forces will be offering a free weekly course, called Citizens Academy, this fall.
Sponsored by Western Reserve Hospital, Citizens Academy is a joint effort between the police departments of Cuyahoga Falls, Munroe Falls, Stow and Tallmadge that aims to help educate and inform participants with hands-on learning opportunities. The free 12-week course will commence on Sept. 30 at 7 p.m. in Stow. Space is limited to six participants in each of the four cities, and all applications must be submitted by Wednesday, Sept. 23.
Experienced police officers will provide an overview of how the police operate in the community. Each Citizens Academy student will attend a scaled-down police academy, covering topics that include firearm simulations, K-9 units, use of force, how to be a good witness, crime scene processing, drug enforcement, accident investigation, traffic enforcement and more.
Applicants must be willing to provide information necessary for a background check, commit to attending all classes and be at least 21 years old.
To apply and enroll in Citizens Academy, contact your local police official below:
Cuyahoga Falls – Chief Jack Davis, (330) 971-8300
Munroe Falls – Chief Tom Pozza, (330) 688-3555
Stow – Lt. Bryan Snavely, (330) 689-5705
Tallmadge – Geri Blon, (330) 633-4066, Press Release: 15-21324

On Wednesday 8/19/15 at 5:03pm Cuyahoga Falls Fire/EMS responded to 1637 2nd Street on a call of an 8-month-old having difficulty breathing.  Upon the Fire Department's arrival and after a closer examination of the facts, they requested the Cuyahoga Falls Police respond.

An 8-month-old female infant was transported to Akron Children’s Hospital and has been admitted to the Hospital’s ICU with serious injuries. 

Police interviewed 28-year-old William D. Jobe, who is the live-in boyfriend of the infant’s mother and he admitted to shaking the infant.

William D. Jobe has been charged with Endangering Children ORC #2919.22,  a 2nd degree Felony and was transported to the Summit County Jail.  Jobe will be video arraigned on Thursday 8/20/15 at 11:00am through the Stow Muni Court.

The investigation is still on going., Update on 15-19605:

On Friday July 31st, 2015 at 3:39pm Akron Police along with Akron Fire Department responded to a one car accident along Canyon Brook Drive, west of Northampton Road.  Akron Police then notified Cuyahoga Falls Police after determining that the accident was actually in the City of Cuyahoga Falls.  After an initial investigation into the accident, it was determined that a 22-year-old Akron resident was driving a 2011 Kia Soul and had a 21-year-old passenger in the vehicle with her.  The driver did fail to control her vehicle and drove off the right side of the roadway, slid sideways and struck a tree on the passenger side of the vehicle, killing the passenger.  The driver of the Kia was transported to Akron General Hospital for unknown injuries.

The Summit County Medical Examiner’s Office along with the Summit Metro Crash Team are investigating the accident.  It appears that alcohol was involved in the accident.

UPDATE

8/19/2015

The investigation into this incident has resulted in charges of Aggravated Vehicular Homicide and Operating a Vehicle Under the Influence of Alcohol/Drugs to be levied against Jessica R. FRANCIS, age 22, of Akron. Ms. Francis was determined to be the driver of the 2011 Kia Soul, which ran off the right side of Canyon Brook Dr., striking a few trees. The resultant crash killed 21-year-old passenger Haley HOPKINS, of Akron. Ms. FRANCIS’ blood alcohol content was determined to be .222%...nearly 3 times the legal limit. 

Ms. FRANCIS will be arraigned today in the Stow Municipal Court., Crimefighter tip # 15-20346 is available for a reward. Please call the tip line at 330 971 8477 for instructions., Congratulations to Western Reserve Hospital on winning the 2015 Summit For Kids Organization Award for the Not Me , I'm Drug Free Program.  Pictured are Chief Davis, Mayor Don Walters, Kathy Romito Western Reserve Hospital, Walter Davis, Chief Moledor, Todd Nichols, and Asst. Chief Jackson., Just a reminder that our canine demo/fundraiser is set for tomorrow August 15 from noon to 2 pm at Waterworks Park. There will be food provided by Vietnam Veterans of America Chapter 900 and Crooked River Veterans. You will also get a chance to see the first demo by our newest canine Dan.C. Hope to see many of you at Waterworks tomorrow., Flier for a free women's defense class in our city., Here is great link regarding community resources and information on the opiate problems. summitcountyopiatetaskforce.org please feel free to visit and share, PRESS RELEASE
15-19854

On 8/2/15 at approx. 5:30 PM Cuyahoga Falls Police and Fire units responded to the 4200 block of Americana Dr. The call was in reference to a heroin overdose. An unnamed subject was found unresponsive by family who called the emergency units. The subject was transported to Western Reserve Hospital and is as of 8/4/15 still there listed in Critical condition. The Cuyahoga Falls Narcotics Unit was able to initiate an investigation and ID a possible source of the narcotics. 

On 8/3/15 Narcotics Detectives arranged for the delivery of heroin by the identified suspect. Upon his arrival he was detained and the Cuyahoga Falls Police K9 unit alerted to the vehicle. Upon a search of the vehicle, an amount of heroin less than bulk amount was located in the vehicle. The suspect was identified as Gary Jerome Mathews.

ARRESTED

Gary Jerome Mathews
Age 24
Cleveland, OH

CHARGES

Corrupting Another with Drugs (with serious physical harm) 2925.02 Felony 2
Trafficking in Drugs (vicinity of a school) 2925.03 Felony 4

 
Mathews was booked into the Summit County Jail pending his first court appearance. The investigation continues and further charges are possible., PRESS RELEASE
15-19112

On 7/25/15 Cuyahoga Falls Police and Fire units responded to the 1300 block of Grant Ave for the report of a casualty. An unnamed male was found deceased and the investigation indicated it was a probable heroin overdose. The Cuyahoga Falls Narcotics Unit initiated an investigation and identified a possible source of the narcotics.

Narcotics detectives were able to arrange for the delivery of Heroin from the suspect later that evening. The investigation has led to the arrest of Charles J. Marotto Jr.

ARRESTED

Charles J. Marotto Jr.
Age 28
Silver Lake, OH

CHARGES

Corrupting Another with Drugs 2925.02 Felony 2
Drug Trafficking 2925.03 Felony 4

Detectives are currently arranging the surrender of Marotto through his attorney. The investigation is ongoing and further charges are possible., Just a reminder about the NATIONAL NIGHT OUT tonight at TARGET Howe Ave. between 5 pm and 9 pm, Congratulations to our two newest officers Greg Koch and Joseph Bukoffsky. They were sworn in by Mayor Don Walters today., The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department in conjunction with Target and Western Reserve Hospital will be having a National Night Out event on August 4, 2015 from 5-9 pm. The event will have safety equipment, canine demonstrations, activities for the kids and food. The event is free and takes place in the parking area of the Target store on Howe Avenue . National Night Out is an annual community-building campaign that promotes police-community partnerships and neighborhood camaraderie to make our neighborhoods safer, better places to live., D’IBERVILLE, MISSISSIPPI CELEBRATES ITS 10 YEAR ANNNIVERSARY
AFTER HURRICANE KATRINA
	Cuyahoga Falls, OH--Mayor Don Walters is asking the community to reflect back to 2005 as the 10 year anniversary of Hurricane Katrina is approaching. As you may recall, on September 12, 2005, the City of Cuyahoga Falls adopted D’Iberville, Mississippi after Hurricane Katrina completely devastated this small town (pop 7,608).  Approximately 60% of the town was completely wiped out and what remained was severely damaged from wind and flooding. 
	Cuyahoga Falls residents, city officials and city workers put into place relief efforts to collect donations of essential supplies, in addition to monetary contributions necessary to aid the residents of D’Iberville.  A caravan of volunteers traveled to D’Iberville to deliver the truckloads of donated items and stayed to assist in the cleanup efforts. 
	The D'Iberville Volunteers Foundation, in partnership with the City of D'Iberville, announces its plans for the D'Iberville 10th Anniversary of Hurricane Katrina Remembrance and Recovery Celebration Thursday, August 27, 2015 through Sunday, August 30, 2015. All individuals and communities who volunteered over the past 10 years by supporting the recovery of D’Iberville through donations of money, food, materials, services, and much more, are invited to visit and celebrate this monumental and inspirational 4-day event. 
	The D’Iberville Volunteers Foundation Facebook page offers information on events, RSVP’s, pictures and more. Log onto: www.facebook.com/dvfteam. For questions, please contact Irene McIntosh at (228) 326-5468 and irenem2@earthlink.net or Ed Cake at            (228) 324- 9292 and ed.cake@yahoo.com.
-End-, 15-11982

Looking to see if anyone can identify the man in the photo. He is using a credit card that was stolen from Cuyahoga Falls. If you have information please call the Cuyahoga Falls Confidential Tip Line at 330-971-TIPS (8477) or Detectives Good or Anders at 330-971-8334. Thanks for your help., Info on K9 event on August 15, 2015 please share., Cuyahoga Falls Electric System
Today our power supply consultant has recommended that we ask all customers to reduce their power consumption between 2pm and 6pm. This action to reduce our peak load is expected to significantly reduce our power supply costs in the next power delivery year. This savings results in a lower cost of power for ALL customers in the next power delivery year.

Ways to reduce power usage between 2pm and 6pm today are the following...
Raise thermostat to lower air conditioning use.
Do not run any electric appliances that you don't have to run during these hours.
Draw the shades to keep the sun from heating the house as much.

Thank you for your help in trying to save everyone money on their electrc bills., Posting for civil service test for Telecommunications Dispatcher ., CFO Alert: Please be advised that the Electric dept is working on the power outage still. It may go on and off until the problem is completely fixed., CFO Alert: Large power outage on the South West side of the city. Electric department is on the scene and working on the problem., C.F. Crimefighter tips 15-16193 and 15-16368 are due rewards. Please call the tip line for collection information. 330 971 8477, Just a reminder that the Cuyahoga Falls all Alumni Reunion will be held this Saturday at Clifford Stadium noon to 5 pm. There will be plenty of local food vendors as well as raffles and a dunk tank. I will be in the dunk tank from 12 to 12:30 . Hope to see many of you there., Congratulations to Ptl. Gary Tahsler who recently bowled to a  1st place for all events, gold medal team event, silver medal in individual, and bronze for doubles in the recent 2015 Ohio Police and Fire Games. This years event was held in the Mahoning Valley. Great job Gary., Tip 15-14929 you need to call the tip line back and give a password to the operator to enable your reward., null, Have a safe and happy holiday weekend. Just a reminder that the only legal fireworks to personally use are novelty items such as sparklers,snakes and smoke bombs, 15-12106

We are trying to identify this male in reference to an incident that occurred in May at 2220 High St. Please contact our Confidential Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighter Tip Line at 330-971-TIPS (8477) or you may contact Detectives Reynolds or Perella at 330-971-8334. Thanks for your help., Photo from the Law Enforcement Special Olympics Torch Run Yesterday. The Falls Crew with special Olympian Matthew. It was a great run for a great cause., Just a reminder that the senior watch program is up and running. If you are aware of a senior with no family to help them and could use some attention please let them know about the program. If more information is needed contact Sgt. Ed Caswell at 330 971 8333., PRESS RELEASE

The Cuyahoga Falls Police in a joint investigation with the Munroe Falls, Tallmadge, Stow and the Portage County Sheriffs Office have filed charges in Summit County Juvenile court against four local juveniles. The charges are related to a rash of residential burglaries which have occurred in the named jurisdictions over the last several months. 

Charged:

Chandler Nelson
Age 17
Akron OH
Burglary 2911.12/ Felony 2 (3 counts)

Justin George
Age 16
Cuyahoga Falls OH
Burglary 2911.12/ Felony 2 (3 counts)

Jon’te Taylor
Age 17
Cuyahoga Falls OH
Burglary 2911.12/ Felony 2

Vincent Mann II
Age 14
Cuyahoga Falls OH
Burglary 2911.12/ Felony 2

Charges were filed on 6/22/15 on both Cuyahoga Falls cases and some of the other jurisdictions at this point. The investigation is ongoing and further charges are expected. 

In addition, detectives expect to charge two as yet unnamed adults on charges related to this investigation., Not the best of photos but we are looking for information on this subject in connection with car break ins in the Wyoga Lake, Americana, and Hardman Drive area. Please contact the Crime Fighters Tip line at 330 971 8477 or the detective bureau at 330 971 8334. Thank you. -- THIS PERSON HAS BEEN IDENTIFIED., Our School Resource Officer Ed Dennis pictured with Dan.C our newest canine in training. Dan.C is named after Officer Dan Crabtree who was killed in Iraq in 2006 while serving our country. After training Dan.C will be used in the schools with Officer Dennis., All phones lines are back up.  Thank you, Currently the non emergency lines for Silver Lake police are down. If you need service dial 911. We will update this as soon as more information is available.  Non emergency lines for cuyahoga falls police are not affected however our front desk number 330 971 8333 is also down, Photos from the Crabtree 5k, 15-11216 -- PERSON HAS BEEN IDENTIFIED

We had a theft of a purse at a local restaurant and are looking to see if anyone knows the female in the photos. The car she arrived in can also be seen in one of the photos. If you can identify her, please call the Cuyahoga Falls Tip Line at 330-971-TIPS (8477) or detectives Good and Anders at 330-971-8334., Thank you to everyone who came out today to support the Dan Crabtree Memorial 5 k. We will post pictures later. Results may be seen at Crabtreememorialrun.org, Congratulations to Officers Cheryl Desko,Chuck Curtiss and Dispatcher Angie Hawsman on their recent retirements. We appreciated your service to the city and wish you both well for your future., RACE DAY TOMORROW!!!! If you still want to register on line at Active.com you have until 1 pm today. In person registrations may be obtained at the natatorium tonight between 4 and 8 pm or at the race site tomorrow starting at 9 am in the garage at the police department. It is going to be great weather so hope to see everyone there., CUYAHOGA FALLS MAYOR DON WALTERS ANNOUNCES SENIOR WATCH PROGRAM
Published: June 3, 2015 2:50PM

The Cuyahoga Falls SeniorWatch Program, a new initiative to identify needs and check the well-being of older adults in the city, is underway, according to Mayor Don Walters.

The program will be run by The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department.

"The SeniorWatch Program provides older adults in our community an opportunity to check-in through a direct line of communication with members of our Cuyahoga Falls Police

Department," stated Mayor Walters. "I want to make sure that we, at the city, are taking proactive measures to consistently be in contact with our older adults that are living alone, so

that we are aware of their health, safety and welfare."

To qualify for services, residents must be 65 years old or older, living alone, and have limited to ,no contact with family members or caregivers. He/she must also have limited mobility, be

disabled, and/or bedridden.

Applications may be obtained at the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department. Basic information about the older adult applicant will need to be provided, such as emergency contact

information, if the applicant is currently participating or would like to participate in the "Envelope of Life" program and in which senior program the applicant wishes to enroll. Program

participants may choose from the following programs:

• The "Check-In" Program: Participants have the opportunity to become part of the city's call-in program. He/she will designate a day and time to call or check-in with the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department. If the call is

missed, an officer will call back as soon as possible or, if phone contact is not made, visit the home to check on the resident. The benefit of this program is that the client doesn't have to be home to call in.

• The "Elderly Call" Program: Senior citizens also have the option to be on the city's designated Elderly Call list. On selected days and times, the police department will call the residents to check on their welfare. If no phone

contact is made, an officer will be sent to the home.

• The "Senior Watch" Program: Some seniors require more assistance than others. These seniors may not have family to check on them or to provide assistance. A police officer will visit the resident once a week (or

more) to check on their welfare.

For more information or to obtain an application, contact Sgt. Ed Caswell at 330-971-8333., Last week to register for the Crabtree 5 k at Active.com. Hope to see you there, Congratulations to Captain Steve Guldeman on his completion of the John Glenn School of Public Affairs Ohio Public Safety Leadership Academy., Munroe Falls Avenue will be closed to traffic between Issaquah and Anderson today, May 28, 2015,    City crews will be working across the street from Water Works Park.  Detour signs will be posted., We're opening Water Works Family Aquatic Center for an additional weekend of family fun.
Water Works Family Aquatic Center's photo.
Water Works Family Aquatic Center
What's better than a bonus weekend over the Memorial Day Holiday? ANOTHER BONUS WEEKEND! That's right, we'll be open this weekend May 30-31 at 11a and remain open weather/attendance dependent., DAYTIME HYDRANT FLUSHING SCHEDULED TO BEGIN JUNE 15th
Hydrant flushing serves an important dual purpose of removing sediment and iron deposits from the mains and it also provides a check of the working conditions of hydrants to insure the best fire protection for our community.  Hydrant flushing will occur during daytime hours—from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m.—Monday through Friday.  Hydrant flushing is scheduled to begin June 15 and will end approximately August 14, 2015.
Barricades and signs will alert residents and drivers of areas of hydrant flushing. Water may appear discolored after flushing . . . allow the cold water to run until it clears up.
 Please direct your questions to the Water Utilities Department - 330.971.8005., Have a safe and enjoyable holiday weekend., Mayor Don Walters swearing in our two newest officers Brent Barbe and Chris Hernandez. Welcome aboard., SANITATION SERVICE DELAYED ONE DAY
 DURING THE MEMORIAL DAY HOLIDAY

Service Director, Eric M. Czetli announces that Sanitation collection crews will not be working Monday, May 25, 2015 due to the Memorial Day holiday.  All customers’ collections will be delayed one day.  Refuse and recycle crews will work Tuesday through Saturday.  If you have any questions, you may contact the Sanitation Department directly at (330) 971-8010, CITY OF CUYAHOGA FALLS
POLICE DEPARTMENT

2310 2ND St. Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio 44221

PRESS RELEASE
Report #15-12806

On Tuesday, May 19th, 2015 at approximately 1020am, a resident in the 2300 block of Frederick Dr. confronted 3 unfamiliar male subjects to the rear of a neighbor’s home, asking their purpose. When the subjects fled, the resident called police. Uniform units and detectives of the Cuyahoga Falls Police scoured the area and apprehended a 17-year-old male subject in conjunction with this incident and the subsequent investigation culminated in a charge of Burglary, a fourth degree felony. He was turned over to the custody of the Summit County Juvenile authorities.

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Cuyahoga Falls Detective Bureau at 330-971-8334 or the Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighters Tip Line a 330-971-8477., Just a reminder less than one month to go for the Crabtree memorial 5k. Make sure you register so we can show Dan's family that he is remembered and missed by all of us in the area., Riverfront Concert Series presented by IROK Inc Kicks Off Inaugural Season with Ribbon Cutting Celebration at Riverfront Square
Submitted by meachamcj@cityofcf on Wed, 05/13/2015 - 5:03pm
On May 12, 2015, the Board Members of IROK Inc, along with City of Cuyahoga Falls Officials, the Cuyahoga Falls Chamber of Commerce, event sponsors, local vendors and charities united for a ribbon cutting celebration at Falls River Square, to kick off the inaugural season of the Riverfront Concert Series presented by IROK Inc.

“We are incredibly fortunate to have the unwavering commitment of all of the volunteer board members of IROK Inc, and their generous dedication to giving back to our community,” said Mayor Don Walters. “They have given countless hours of their time to provide a free event for residents and guests of our city and I could not be more proud of them.”

Volunteer committee members from the Riverfront Irish Festival and Cuyahoga Falls Oktoberfest have joined forces to create IROK Inc, a non-profit organization, dedicated to delivering top-notch free entertainment on Friday nights at Falls River Square. Live music will kick off Memorial Day weekend and run throughout the month of August, with breaks for the Riverfront Irish Festival in June and the Festa Italiana in July. All concerts, along with parking, are free and open to the public.

“We are looking forward to seeing everyone having fun and enjoying their Friday nights with us, while also supporting the community and local businesses and vendors,” stated IROK Inc President Mike Thomas. “Our motto at IROK Inc is: A great time for a great cause.”

What sets this concert series apart from all others, is the amount of collaboration that is seen throughout every facet of production. This is a volunteer venture with the top priority of giving back to the local community in the City of Cuyahoga Falls. Proceeds from the Riverfront Concert Series will be donated to local charities and non-profit organizations. There will also be an increased presence and participation of local businesses and vendors. IROK Inc is also introducing a new green initiative, whereas, all beer will be served in cans, eliminating over 3,000 plastic cups from being deposited in area landfills. All cans will be recycled and tabs will be donated to Akron Children’s Hospital., ****************** Road is now open repairs have been made. *******************

AP road is temporarily closed between Ira and Towpath due to Akron water leak   Detours are posted, Riverfront Cruise In Revving Up for 2015 Season
Submitted by meachamcj@cityofcf on Wed, 05/06/2015 - 9:04am
Once again, the Riverfront Cruise In on the Cuyahoga Falls Riverfront, is set to kick off on May 11 and will run every Monday night through September 28, from 5:00-8:30 p.m. Riverfront Cruise In, in its ninth season on the Riverfront, is presented by Don Sitts Auto Sales, Inc.

This year, car clubs and enthusiasts will notice exciting changes for the 2015 season. Instead of appointing a theme for each car night, judges will appoint approximately 12 winning vehicles of any make of their choice, every Monday night. Photos will be taken of each winner a card with a winner sticker will be placed on the winning vehicle. Vehicles without a registration plaque will not be judged. Participants can enter their vehicles, upon arrival, at the DJ booths. Judging begins between 5:30 PM and 6:00 PM and continues until judges make their way through all participating vehicles. Three disc jockeys are placed throughout the event space to entertain participants and guests.

Because they are no longer doing theme nights, they are asking car clubs to call or email to reserve a night. The Northeast Ohio Camaro Club has booked for July 20th, but any club can reserve a night and parking areas will be blocked off so that they can park together. A group photo will be taken of the club that will be presented to the club representative the following week.

The 50/50 raffles will continue in 2015 and door prizes will be as outstanding as ever. Drawings will be at 7:00 p.m. in May, 8:00 p.m. in June, July, and August; and 7:30 p.m. in September. The Memorial Day 50/50 raffle on May 25th will be dedicated to the Cancer Club of Cuyahoga Falls.

In 2006, Don Sitts Auto Sales, Inc took over production of the Riverfront Cruise In. Initially, 30-40 cars were showcased, but the event has grown in record numbers, averaging 250-300 cars every Monday night on the Riverfront. It has been named the #1 Cruise in the state of Ohio by Cruise Times Magazine from 2007-2014.

For questions or additional information, please contact: Don, Blaine or Rob at 330.945.5800, or visit http://www.riverfrontcruisein.com/, https://youtu.be/vrmPWyUfcsE

Link to story regarding Not me I'm Drug Free, PRESS RELEASE
Report #15-11506

On Tuesday May 5th, 2015 at approximately 910am Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to an armed robbery at the Wing Warehouse located at 4165 Wyoga Lake Rd. Wing Warehouse employees reported that a masked man surprised one of the employees as the employee was entering the business. The suspect entered the business and pointed a handgun at employees and forced them into a restroom. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of cash and fled the scene. A witness reported seeing a small four door gray vehicle, possibly a Hyundai, leave the Wing Warehouse northbound on Wyoga Lake Rd immediately after the robbery.

The suspect was described as a male, 5’10” – 6’, 150-170 lbs wearing jeans, a black hooded sweatshirt, sunglasses and a neoprene black facemask. 

Anyone with information contact the Cuyahoga Falls Detectives Lengel and Schmidt at 330-971-8334 or the Cuyahoga Falls Tip Line a 330-971-8477., 2015 CITY OF CUYAHOGA FALLS GREAT AMERICAN 
RIVER DAY CLEANUP & BEAUTIFICATION PROJECT 

Mayor Don Walters proudly announces the 2015 Great American River Day Cleanup & Beautification Project. On Saturday, May 16th from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. join your neighbors and friends to help keep Cuyahoga Falls beautiful and litter-free.   
Volunteers will work together to clean up litter, plant flowers and pull invasive plants on public grounds. Litter anywhere in the community can eventually end up in the Cuyahoga River, in local streams, or in storm sewers potentially creating hazardous conditions and pollution.   Invasive plants such as garlic mustard affect the quality of habitat for beneficial plant and animal species.
Citizens of all ages, businesses and organizations can help preserve and protect the Cuyahoga River, its tributaries and our natural resources by volunteering to clean up and beautify public grounds throughout the community.  Local public parks and playgrounds in addition to public lands sections along the Cuyahoga riverbank may be included as cleanup locations for volunteers to consider.  
Lunch, cleanup and planting supplies will be provided for volunteers. A special 2015 River Day raffle will take place at Noon for project volunteers. To register by Wednesday, May 13th, please call 330-971-8201 or email mcclearyrm@cityofcf.com. Volunteer sign-in location and project details will be provided upon registration., PRESS RELEASE
15-10473

On 4/24/15 at 8:00 A.M. the Cuyahoga Falls Police Narcotics unit executed a search warrant in the 400 block of Loomis St. in Cuyahoga Falls. The search warrant was related to a marijuana growing operation. As a result of the search, 43 marijuana plants, 2 firearms and various items of indoor grow equipment were seized. One person was on scene at the time of the search and was also arrested. 

ARRESTED
Michael R. Kay
Cuyahoga Falls Ohio
Age 32

CHARGES
Trafficking in Drugs 2925.03 Felony 2
Illegal Cultivation of Marijuana 2925.04 Felony 2
Possession of Drugs 2925.11 Felony 3
Possession of Criminal Tools 2923.24 Felony 5

Kay was booked into the Summit County Jail pending his first court appearance at the Stow Municipal Court on Monday 4/27/15. This investigation was initiated with information provided through the Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighters Tip Line and the caller will be eligible for reward funds., Just a reminder that the Let's Talk program is tonight at Cuyahoga Falls High School from 5 -8 pm. This important event will provide a lot of information on prescription drug abuse as well as the heroin epidemic. An informed community is needed to help stop this deadly trend. The event is free and open to all. Hope to see many of you there., REWARD for tip 15-7190 has been authorized. Contact the Crime Fighters Tip line at 330 971 8477 for instructions on claiming. There are also other rewards waiting to be claimed. If you called in a tip check the line for information., 2015 Electronics Recycle Collection Program 

Cuyahoga Falls, OH - Mayor Don Walters announces the 6th annual E-Recycle Collection Program in Cuyahoga Falls on Friday, May 8th from 5 – 9 p.m. and Saturday, May 9th from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. 

Cuyahoga Falls has once again partnered with Accurate IT Services, an R-2 Certified Electronics Recycling Company, to ensure responsible recycling of old electronics and accessories. Citizens and businesses may drop off these items at the City of Cuyahoga Falls Service Complex located at 2560 Bailey Road (participants will enter and exit the complex at Gaylord Grove).  The program is open to all – there is no residency requirement.

Included among the many electronics and accessories that will be accepted for recycling at no cost are scanners, shredders, tools, copiers, printers, DVD/VHS/VCR units and all accessories, electronic toys, video game consoles and hand-held games systems, GPS devices, hair dryers, kitchen equipment, microwaves, LCD/Plasma TVs, cameras, radios, cell phones and all telephones, computer equipment hardware, servers, and accessories, as well as electrical appliances that do not contain Freon will be accepted for recycling.  

There will be a flat $20 recycle fee per unit for old tube-style, CRT televisions of any size. Checks should be made payable to Accurate IT Services.  More than 2(two) CRT computer monitors per vehicle will be $5 per additional unit also payable to Accurate IT Services. Please: No alkaline batteries or light bulbs of any kind.  Check with local hardware stores for CFL bulb recycling., 2015 Spring Clean-Up Program

Cuyahoga Falls, OH - Mayor Don Walters is pleased to announce Spring Cleanup for all Cuyahoga Falls Sanitation customers will begin on Monday, May 4 and continue through Friday, May 15.  Please place all Spring clean-up refuse at the curb on your regular trash pickup day by 7:00 a.m. for collection during those two weeks. 

Hazardous waste, tires, car parts, or large amounts of construction material will not be taken. All other acceptable trash items (furniture, appliances, misc.) will be picked up free of charge. Clean out those overstuffed closets and basements, and make room for Spring!

For more information, please call the Sanitation Department at 330-971-8010 or log on to www.cityofcf.com., Here is a flyer for an important event being held at Cuyahoga Falls High School on April 29, 2015., CFO Alert: Large power outage due to a pole that caught fire and broke off. It will be out for several hours for repair. Electric is working on it. On Caleb st, City of Cuyahoga Falls Mayor Don Walters to Judge Lemon Squeezing Event as Police and Fire Chiefs Compete for Charitable Donations
Submitted by meachamcj@cityofcf on Wed, 04/15/2015 - 10:00am
On Saturday, April 18, 2015, from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m., City of Cuyahoga Falls Mayor Don Walters will judge a lemon squeezing contest in which Cuyahoga Falls Police Chief Jack Davis and Fire Chief Paul Moledor will go head to head, at Chick-fil-A, to benefit The Cuyahoga Falls Good Neighbors.

The chiefs will squeeze lemons for a total of 5 minutes. The chief that squeezes the most lemon juice, as determined by Mayor Walters, will win a $100 donation from Chick-fil-A, to be made payable to The Cuyahoga Falls Good Neighbors, on behalf of their respective public safety force. “I’m incredibly proud of our Police and Fire chiefs for their continued commitment to serving our community,” said Mayor Don Walters. “This is an excellent opportunity for our citizens, officials and business to come together to benefit an amazing local charity.”

Chick-fil-A Operating Officer Eric White will kick off the event by unveiling samplings of their new Frosted Lemonade product.  Chick-fil-A is located at 420 Howe Avenue, Cuyahoga Falls, Oh 44221., The men in blue were victorious today in the hot n shots charity game for falls cancer club. Thanks to all who came out to support this event and to all the players for donating their time and efforts for it. The series is now tied 2-2, Just a reminder that tomorrow is our fourth annual Hots n Shots charity basketball game. This event is at Cuyahoga Falls High School at 1 pm and features a basketball game between the police and fire department. All monies raised at this event go to the Cuyahoga Falls Cancer Club. Hope to see a great crowd at the game to support this wonderful charity., ******* UPDATED RACE INFORMATION WITH REGISTRATION INFO*******
                                         PLEASE SHARE

8TH ANNUAL SFC DANIEL B. CRABTREE MEMORIAL 5K
 

Saturday, 06 June, 2015
Registration at 0900 and Race at 1000
Event:  5K Run/Walk for All Ages and Abilities
Registration:  On-line at Active.com (Search Crabtree 5K at Active)
Location:  Cuyahoga Falls Natatorium 2345 4th St. Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio 44221
Pre-Race Packets:  Pick-up at Natatorium on Thursday (04Jun15) or Friday (05Jun15) from 4pm to 8pm
Sponsorships and Donations are Welcome:
Contact A/C Jackson at jacksonfj@cityofcf.com or Call at (330) 971-8403
All proceeds go to help the Special Operations Warrior Foundation

                                                                                   
PLEASE SHARE SO WE CAN MAKE THIS A GREAT EVENT!!, 15-5348

We are looking for help in identifying the pictured adults who used a stolen credit card at a local store. If you can help in identifying them, please call the Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighter's Tip Line at 330-971-TIPS (8477) or contact Detective Good or Anders at 330-971-8334., Please help get the word out. We will be hosting the 5k race in memory of Dan Crabtree a CFPD officer who was killed while serving in the military over seas. The race had previously been held in the Columbus area. The date of the race will be June 6th and the finish will be at the Cuyahoga Falls/ Silver Lake Police Memorial outside the Natatorium. More details on the registration will be out soon. The event is a fund raiser for the Special Operations Warrior Fund. If you would like to volunteer or help sponsor the event contact race chairman Fred Jackson at 330 971 8403 or at jacksonfj@cityofcf.com., **REVISED**
 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
 
March 24, 2015
Contact: Becky McCleary
Public Utilities Advocate
City of Cuyahoga Falls
330-971-8201
 
 
The City of Cuyahoga Falls Makes Every Day Earth Day
 
Cuyahoga Falls, OH- Mayor Don Walters invites citizens, businesses and organizations throughout the community to enjoy the 2015 City of Cuyahoga Falls Earth Week displays at City Hall, 2310 Second Street, from Monday, April 20th through Friday, April 24th. Informational brochures, colorful displays and extraordinary artwork have been designed to help citizens make positive environmental impact through everyday actions. Cuyahoga Falls City Hall is open from 8 AM to 5 PM Monday through Friday.
 
Special features of the 2015 City of Cuyahoga Falls Earth Week display include creative poster artwork designed by local 2nd grade students, information on the array of the City’s environmental programs and initiatives, and a silent auction of 6 (six) multi-colored rain barrels featuring customized artwork created and painted by Schnee Learning Center high school Art students.
 
Rain barrels will begin with a starting bid of $60 to cover the cost of each rain barrel. Each bid must be an increase of a minimum of $2 increments. All proceeds from the rain barrel silent auction will go to the Summit Soil & Water Conservation District storm water quality education program. Silent auction bidding on the rain barrels will close at 5:00 PM on Friday, April 24th.
 
A special thank you is extended to all sponsors of the program including the Summit Soil & Water Conservation District, the Schnee Learning Center, Cuyahoga Falls City School District, Woodridge Local School District, the Ohio EPA, the City of Cuyahoga Falls Service Departments, and the Cuyahoga Falls Parks and Recreation Department.

#30#, SAVE THE DATE!!!! APRIL 11, 2015 will be the fourth annual Hots and Shots Charity Basketball game at Cuyahoga Falls High School. The event is a fund raiser for the Cuyahoga Falls Cancer Club with a game between police and fire members. The game starts at 1 pm and tickets are $5 for adults $3 for children with a maximum of $20.00. Please come and enjoy the fun and help this great cause., There was a report regarding a suspicious maroon mini van around Ross park last evening. We will have extra patrol in the area around Roberts Middle School . Please do not hesitate to contact the police department with any information or questions., The City of Cuyahoga Falls Announces the 2015 Keep Cuyahoga Falls Beautiful & Litter-free Program
 
Cuyahoga Falls, OH - In partnership with local businesses, schools and community organizations, the City of Cuyahoga Falls announces the 2015 “Keep Cuyahoga Beautiful & Litter-free!” initiative. Litter cleanup projects and litter prevention educational activities will be ongoing throughout the year.
 
To kick off the 2015 program, the Cuyahoga Falls Target Store and the Cuyahoga Falls Division of Recycling & Litter Prevention are planning a cleanup project along Howe Road on Friday, March 27th.   Approximately 20 Target employees will be cleaning up litter and debris along this highly traveled area of the community as part of their commitment to keeping Cuyahoga Falls beautiful.
 
Other businesses and organizations interested in implementing a litter cleanup project in their locations of the community are encouraged to contact the Cuyahoga Falls Division of Recycling & Litter Prevention at mcclearyrm@cityofcf.com or call 330-971-8201 for bags to collect litter.
 
In addition, a Saturday, May 16th Great American River Day Cleanup & Beautification Project is planned from 10 AM – 2 PM. Volunteers interested in registering for the 2015 River Day project can do so by contacting the City of Cuyahoga Falls Division of Recycling & Litter Prevention for more details., ******* Tip 15-5274 your reward is available contact the tip line for instructions*******, Press Release: Accident 2015-6542

On 3/12/15 at approximately 0538AM the Cuyahoga Falls Police and Fire Department were dispatched to an accident on Portage Trail @ 8th St. Officers discovered that a pedestrian a 19 year old Falls resident had been struck by a vehicle that was traveling EB on Portage Trail. The pedestrian was transported to Akron City Hospital by Cuyahoga Falls EMS. The Summit County Metro Crash Team was contacted for assistance with the accident investigation., ******Update*****
All lanes of Portage Trail are now open. Thank you for your patience.

Portage trail at eighth street will be shut down temporarily this morning while officers investigate a car / pedestrian crash.  *********** Update on road closure is that we hope to have the road way open by 930 am, null, Update 14-29033:

Sharing this video of a suspect that robbed a CVS in Cuyahoga Falls in December of 2014 and a CVS in Akron in 2015. If you have any information, please contact us on our Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighter's Tip Line 330-971-TIPS (8477) or call 330-971-8334 for Detectives Lengel or Schmidt., Congratulations to Captain Perry Tabak who was sworn into the position on 2-25-2015 by Mayor Walters., Parking ban in effect until 6 pm February 22   Please remove vehicles from the streets to allow for plow crews to clear the roads. To report violations contact 330 928 2181, PRESS RELEASE

On February 19, 2015 at 0419 hours, police responded to a 14th street address for a burglary that had just occurred.  The victim  reports coming down stairs to feed his newborn when he found two male subjects in his house.  The two males fled out the front door with 3 purses valued at $718.00, $200.00 in cash and an I phone.  Police followed the suspects footprints in the snow to a Prange Dr address where they found the stolen property and arrested the two suspects.  

Arrested:

Robert Lee Hairston
27 Years of age
Resident of Akron OH

Mashoure Snyder
26 Years of age
Resident of Akron OH

Charges:

Both subjects were charged with Burglary a Felony of the Second Degree, Cuyahoga Falls Issues Citywide Parking Ban

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Mayor Don Walters would like to alert residents and motorists to a citywide parking ban which will be in effect starting at 3:00 p.m. on Saturday, February 14, 2015 through 6:00 a.m. Monday, February 16, 2015.  The parking ban is needed to assist our street crews in clearing off roadways.  Cars parked on city streets will be ticketed and are subject to towing., Cuyahoga Falls Electric System Offers Residential & Commercial Energy Programs
 
The City of Cuyahoga Falls Electric System (CFES) is currently offering the following energy efficiency services and opportunities for residential and commercial electric customers.
 
Residential Programming:
To recycle an old, working refrigerator or freezer for a $50 rebate, residents may call JACO Environmental at 877-545-4112 to schedule pickup.
Residential customers may qualify for a $50 rebate on a qualifying NEW energy efficient refrigerator or clothes washer. For a list of qualifying models and a rebate form, visit the CFES web page at www.cityofcf.com, or call 330-297-6400 ext. 250.
Home Energy Efficiency Assessments are now available at no cost for owner-occupied households. Residents are encouraged to call 330-297-6400 ext. 250 for more information on this helpful, cost-saving opportunity provided for local citizens in partnership with Neighborhood Development Services, Inc.
Commercial & Industrial Energy Efficiency Program (CIEEP):
Commercial customers of the Cuyahoga Falls Electric System (CFES) are encouraged to review 2015 CIEEP information available in detail on the CFES web page website at www.cityofcf.com, or to call 330-971-8287 for more information. Many types of facility and equipment upgrades that reduce electric usage may qualify for financial incentives.
 
American Municipal Power, Inc. (AMP) Commercial & Industrial Demand Response Program:
Commercial customers of the Cuyahoga Falls Electric System (CFES) interested in learning about qualifying for the AMP Demand Response program that offers payment to businesses who can reduce electric demand (load) by 100 KW or more with at least a 30-minute advance notice up to 10 times per year, are encouraged to register for a special Demand Response webinar Tuesday, February 24th at 10:00 AM. To learn more about the Demand Response program, or to register for the webinar, please call the Cuyahoga Falls Electric System at 330-971-8060., Congratulations to the newest officers of the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department. Officers Malachi Hursh, Charles Toussaint and Cody Johnson were sworn in yesterday. Welcome to the department., Mayor Don Walters
Amazing day! Today was the drawing at the Natatorium for the Fleetwood Mac VIP Dream Package raffle. The VIP packages were donated by childhood friend and neighbor Robert Heeman, who is Mick Fleetwood's personal manager on their worldwide tour. The show is in Cleveland on 2/18/15.

Raffle tickets were sold locally by IROK Concert Series, with over $3000.00 raised. I was notified last night that the band Fleetwood Mac will donate money for all the unsold tickets giving us a total of $10,000.00 for the Not Me-I'm Drug Free Program in Cuyahoga Falls!

A sincere thank you to Robert Heeman, Mike Thomas, President of IROK, and the entire band Fleetwood Mac for this spectacular opportunity!

The winners are...

Jake Will, Canton
David Waller, Cuyahoga Falls
Diane Sheridan, Cuyahoga Falls, FOR  IMMEDIATE  RELEASE

February 1, 2015
Contact:  Chuck Novak
Street Commissioner
City of Cuyahoga Falls
330-971-8030

Cuyahoga Falls Issues Citywide Parking Ban

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Mayor Don Walters would like to alert residents and motorists to a citywide parking ban which will be in effect starting at 3:00 p.m. on Sunday, February 1, 2015 through 6:00 a.m. Tuesday, February 3, 2015.  The parking ban is needed to assist our street crews in clearing off roadways.  Cars parked on city streets will be ticketed and are subject to towing.

- 30 -, Mayor's Youth Advisory Council
Submitted by meachamcj@cityofcf on Wed, 01/28/2015 - 3:07pm
Mayor Don Walters is seeking energetic, engaged students, who reside in Cuyahoga Falls and are in or entering grades 9 through 12, to participate in the Mayor's Youth Advisory Council.  The Council will consist of eight students who will receive first-hand experience on how our local government works and will witness the process in action. The MYAC meetings will be held on the first and third Mondays of each month from 5:15 p.m. to 6:15 p.m. prior to City Council meetings, which begin at 6:30 p.m.  The first MYAC meeting will be Monday, March 2, 2015 in Council Chambers located in the Natatorium.  Go to cityofcf.com for more information., Had a great lunch with Mayor Walters and students Joanna and Ryan from Redeemer today. The students were winners of a raffle to have lunch with the Chief and the Mayor., Cuyahoga Falls Issues Citywide Parking Ban

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Mayor Don Walters would like to alert residents and motorists to a citywide parking ban which will be in effect starting at 9:00 a.m. on Monday, January 26, 2015 through 9:00 a.m. Tuesday, January 27, 2015.  The parking ban is needed to assist our street crews in clearing off roadways.  Cars parked on city streets will be ticketed and are subject to towing., Spent time today with two very brave speakers Danielle Smoot and her son Erik. They spoke at both Cuyahoga Falls and Woodridge high schools as well as the three middle schools. Danielle had lost her other son, 16 year old Cole, after he took a methadone pill that he received at his school in southern Ohio four years ago. She formed Cole's Warriors as a way to help spread the dangers of prescription drug abuse among teenagers. The message is delivered to fifth graders in our school system as part of the Not Me I 'm Drug Free program. It is a powerful message that the students received and all were very attentive to the speakers. Thank you to Danielle and Erik for coming to help warn our students of the dangers of poor decision making.

 Pictured in the front row are Mayor Don Walters, Kathy Romito, and Danielle Smoot. Back row School Resource Officer Ed Dennis, Chief Davis, Erik Smoot, and Laura Nusbaum., CITY OF CUYAHOGA FALLS GAS AGGREGATION UPDATE NEW CONTRACT AND RATE APRIL 1, 2015
 
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio- Mayor Don Walters has announced that Cuyahoga Falls has entered into a new natural gas contract with IGS Energy.  The current contract is set to expire at the end of March, 2015.  The current IGS Energy rate of $4.46/mcf will run through your March billing period. The new contract with IGS Energy begins April 2015. The current offer is for year one of the contract. The offer provided is a fixed monthly rate of $3.59/mcf through the March 2016 billing period. The price for the second year of the contract will be locked in before March 2016.
 
Under the terms of the Aggregation Program, eligible residential and small commercial customers will be included in the purchasing group automatically unless they elect to opt-out of the Program.  This includes those currently enrolled in the program and those currently on Dominion’s SCO program. IGS Energy will be sending information to all eligible customers on or around January 30, 2015.
 
For current participants in the City’s gas program:
Participants will continue to be enrolled in the new program. This is an opt-out program. Letters will be mailed from IGS to each customer explaining the program. Participants will have the option to terminate at any time without cancellation fees.
 
For Dominion East Ohio customers paying the SCO rate:
Dominion customers will be automatically flipped into the City’s program.  This is an opt-out program. Letters will be mailed from IGS to each customer explaining the program and options. If you chose not to participate, contact IGS to opt-out.
 
For customers that are on another CHOICE program with a different supplier:
You will not receive a letter. You may call IGS to join, but review your current contract first.
 
If you have any additional questions regarding the City of Cuyahoga Falls Aggregate Gas Program, contact IGS Energy at: 1-800-280-4474.  Continue to watch the Falls New Press and City’s website at www.cityofcf.com for updates., Cuyahoga Falls Issues Citywide Parking Ban

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Mayor Don Walters would like to alert residents and motorists to a citywide parking ban which will be in effect starting at noon. on Wednesday, January 21, 2015 through 6:00 a.m. Thursday, January 22, 2015.  The parking ban is needed to assist our street crews in clearing off roadways.  Cars parked on city streets will be ticketed and are subject to towing., City Encourages Participation in VITA, A Program for Free Tax Preparation Assistance

CUYAHOGA FALLS, OH – Mayor Don Walters has partnered with Neighborhood Development Services (NDS) to bring the Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program to Cuyahoga Falls residents. This means, IRS-certified volunteers will provide free basic income tax return preparation to qualified individuals for the April 15 filing deadline.

Mayor Walters states, “I am excited to be able to offer this free service to qualified residents. If I can help make this process a little less painful for any of my residents, I’m happy to do just that. More residents with correctly completed tax forms ultimately help the City’s Income Tax Department run more efficiently. This is a win-win for the residents and the City.”

Those who may participate, free of charge, include people who generally make $53,000 or less, persons with disabilities, the elderly and limited English speaking taxpayers who need assistance in preparing their own tax returns.

Qualified volunteers will be available at the Cuyahoga Falls Natatorium in the Erie Room from 8:00 a.m. to noon on January 31, February 14, March 7 and April 11. Walk-ins and appointments are welcome.

Bryan Hoffman, Director of Finance, states, “We are always looking for ways to engage our residents and I see this partnership as the perfect way to match local experts with those who are not as comfortable with their tax forms.” Persons interested in volunteering their time under the VITA program, are welcome to inquire with NDS (330) 297-6400. Hoffman adds, "The certification process is available online, so I encourage anyone interested in volunteering to sign-up today."

What to bring to the Natatorium to make this year’s tax filing easier:
Picture Identification for taxpayer and spouse
Social Security cards (or ITIN cards or ITIN letter) for all members of the household
Proof of all income including W-2 and 1099 forms and self-employment records
Child Care Information including record of payment with name, address and tax ID# of childcare provider
Tax Deduction and Credit Information including mortgage interest statements (Form 1098), medical expenses, tuition payment statements (Form 1098-T), receipts for any property taxes and charitable contributions paid in 2013
Direct Deposit Information including bank routing and account numbers (voided check)
Prior Year (2013) tax returns – bring a copy of your federal and state returns if available
Both spouses must sign if filing jointly. NDS cannot file married filing separately (MFS) returns
For more information on the program or to volunteer your time, please call (330) 297-6400.

###

Since 1985, NDS has worked with communities to further Affordable Housing Development, Neighborhood Revitalization, Downtown Revitalization, Economic Development and Homeownership Education and Counseling., Cuyahoga Falls Envelope of Life Program

       When seconds count, providing paramedics with your medical information can save your life!

 

 

What is the Envelope of  Life Program?
 

The Envelope of  Life program provides residents of Cuyahoga Falls with a medical information form that can be easily accessed by first responders in the event of an emergency. This form provides vital medical information such as: current medical conditions, medical history, current medications, and any known allergies. The form can easily be filled out personally or with your Primary Care Physician.

The completed form is placed in a magnetic envelope that should be located in a place that is easy for attending paramedics to find (the front of your refrigerator is recommended). This will provide our safety forces with the information they need when caring for you during an emergency.

How to Participate in the Envelope of Life Program

1.) Fill out the form and submit online.

                     OR 

2.) Request your Envelope of Life by completing the attached request form sent to you in the mail.  Or you can download the form here, fill it out, and print it. After filling out the form mail it to:

                 Cuyahoga Falls City Hall
                 2310 Second Street
                Cuyahoga Falls, OH 44221
                You can also participate by calling the city at 330-971-8000

3.)  Upon receipt of your request, the city will mail you the Envelope of Life and medical information form.  Please fill out the form thoroughly - either personally or with your Primary Care Physician.

4.)  Place the completed form inside your Envelope of Life and attach it to a prominent location, such as your refrigerator.

Document Downloads

Medical Info Spread Sheet

Vehicle Instructions

Home Instructions

 

As Mayor, the safety of every Cuyahoga Falls resident is important to me.  The Envelope of Life program gives our safety forces the vital information necessary to help them help you if an emergency strikes.  I urge all residents to participate in this life-saving measure and sign up today.

             -Mayor Don Walters, Cuyahoga falls dispatch phones appear to be working again, We are currently having phone issues county wide there may be difficulties reaching our dispatch center at this time. If you have a life endangering emergency and cannot get through try 330 351 4789 or 330 351 4717, Just a reminder the applications for the Police Department Civil Service test are due January 15, 2015., Cuyahoga Falls Issues Citywide Parking Ban

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Mayor Don Walters would like to alert residents and motorists to a citywide parking ban which will be in effect starting at 9:00 a.m. on Monday, January 12, 2015 through 9:00 a.m. Tuesday, January 13, 2015.  The parking ban is needed to assist our street crews in clearing off roadways.  Cars parked on city streets will be ticketed and are subject to towing., FOR  IMMEDIATE  RELEASE

January 9, 2015
Contact:  Chuck Novak
Street Commissioner
City of Cuyahoga Falls
330-971-8030

Cuyahoga Falls Issues Citywide Parking Ban

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Mayor Don Walters would like to alert residents and motorists to a citywide parking ban which will be in effect starting at 9:00 a.m. on Friday, January 9, 2015 through 6:00 a.m. Saturday, January 10, 2015.  The parking ban is needed to assist our street crews in clearing off roadways.  Cars parked on city streets will be ticketed and are subject to towing., FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

January 8, 2015

Contact: Eric M. Czetli

Director of Public Service

City of Cuyahoga Falls

WINTER WEATHER SAFETY INFORMATION

 City of Cuyahoga Falls Director of Public Service, Eric M. Czetli asks all citizens to remember three simple ways to make our City safer in the winter months:

1.  Remove parked cars from city streets during periods of heavy snowfall.
2.  Do not plow or blow snow from driveways or sidewalks into streets that have been cleared or on to adjacent property. 
3.  Keep your sidewalks clear of snow and ice for children, mail carriers and neighbors who use sidewalks daily. 

Cuyahoga Falls City Ordinance strictly prohibits parking vehicles on any city street whenever snowfalls exceed a depth of two (2) inches within a 24-hour period. Whenever such conditions exist, an emergency snow-parking ban can be declared and vehicles parked on city streets can be ticketed and are subject to being towed, at the owners’ expense.   Having to continually plow around parked vehicles is time consuming and not cost effective.   It also leaves snow and ice build-up, which creates a safety issue.   Another dangerous condition is created when citizens or their contractors inadvertently plow or blow snow from their driveways and sidewalks onto city streets or onto an adjacent property. Not only is this practice a hazard to motorists, it’s unlawful and subject to a $100.00 fine., City Awarded Certificate of Achievement for Excellence in Financial Reporting 
 
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio -- Mayor Don Walters is pleased to announce that the City of Cuyahoga Falls has been awarded the Certificate of Achievement for Excellence in Financial Reporting for its comprehensive annual financial report (CAFR) for fiscal year ended December 31, 2013.  The Award of Financial Reporting Achievement was awarded by the Government Finance Officers Association of the United States and Canada (GFOA) and presented to Bryan J. Hoffman, the City’s Finance Director, as the individual primarily responsible for preparing the award-winning CAFR. 
 
The CAFR has been judged by an impartial panel to meet the high standards of the program, including demonstrating a constructive “spirit of full disclosure” to clearly communicate its financial story and motivate potential users and user groups to read the CAFR.
 
The Certificate of Achievement is the highest form of recognition in the area of governmental accounting and financial reporting, and its attainment represents a significant accomplishment by a government and its management., 14-28389

We are trying to identify the two males in the photos in reference to a theft case from a local store. The males then drove off in the pictured vehicle. Anyone with information is encouraged to call the Confidential Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighter's Tip Line at 330-971-8477 or contact Detectives Good or Schmidt at 330-971-8334., CUYAHOGA FALLS ELECTRIC SYSTEM ANNOUNCES
2015 AMERICAN MUNICIPAL POWER (AMP) SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM
 
Cuyahoga Falls, OH- Application information for the 2015 American Municipal Power (AMP) Scholarship Program is now available. AMP has established this scholarship program to encourage high school students in member communities to further their education and to create an awareness of careers in the municipal electric utility field.
 
The Cuyahoga Falls Electric System may nominate one candidate for the Lyle B. Wright Scholarship, and one candidate for the Richard H. Gorsuch Scholarship. High school seniors who will graduate in the spring, have met all the basic requirements for college or technical school, and have a 3.0 or higher grade point average on a 4.0 scale, are encouraged to contact their guidance counselors for local application and detailed eligibility information. The amount of these one-time scholarship awards is $2,000.
 
Students must complete the local nominee application form and submit it along with a letter of recommendation and an official high school transcript showing the student’s cumulative grade point average for six semesters. Application materials must be submitted by 5 P.M. Wednesday, January 28th, 2015 to the Cuyahoga Falls Electric System, 2550 Bailey Road.
 
Application forms are available through local High School Guidance Offices or at the Cuyahoga Falls Electric System. Nomination application packets are also available through a link at the City of Cuyahoga Falls web site under the Electric Department. Students are urged to work closely with their high school guidance counselors to ensure that application materials are complete and submitted on time.
 
AMP Scholarship recipients will be selected based on grade point average, personal achievements, knowledge of public power and personal interview.   For more information, please contact your High School Guidance Office or the Cuyahoga Falls Electric System at 330-971-8060., Report 14-22761:

Asking for help in identifying the male wearing the ball cap on the left. He is a suspect in a theft from the Natatorium. If you have information you can call the Confidential Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighter's Tip Line at 330-971-8477 or contact Detectives Good and Schmidt at 330-971-8334., Update to CVS Robbery. We have obtained a better photo of the suspect involved in the CVS Robbery on 12/30/14. If you have any information you can call the Confidential Crime Fighter's Tip Line at 330-971-TIPS (8477)., Have a safe and happy New Year. Please celebrate responsibly., At approximately 1050AM this date, an unknown white male subject entered the CVS Pharmacy located at 1711 State Rd. The male brandished a handgun at the pharmacy window and took an undetermined amount of OxyContin. The suspect ran out the door on foot. If you can provide any information about the suspect, please call the Confidential Crime Fighter's Tip Line at 330-971-TIPS (8477)., Change in Cuyahoga Falls Sanitation Collection Schedule
 
Cuyahoga Falls, OH - Service Director, Eric M. Czetli,  announced a change in sanitation service due to New Years Day on Thursday, January 1, 2015.  All Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday collections will be made on regularly scheduled days.  All Thursday and Friday solid waste and recycling collections will be delayed one day. Sanitation crews will work through Saturday, January 3, to complete the regular collection schedules for all Thursday and Friday customers.
 
If businesses or residents have any questions about the service, they may telephone the Sanitation Department directly at 971-8010.
 
###, Have a safe and merry Christmas, We had a great time Saturday with area children at the Shop with a Cop event. Thank you to the officers who participated and to Don Sitts, Marhoffer, Walmart, the Deck the Falls 5k run the Cuyahoga Falls Moose Lodge , and all who donated to make this day special for the kids., Thank you to all that helped with our Toys for Tickets program. Through your generous donations we were able to donate nearly 300 new toys to Good Neighbors of Cuyahoga Falls this year., CITY OF CUYAHOGA FALLS
NOTICE OF CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATION
Notice is hereby given that the Cuyahoga Falls Civil Service Commission will administer a written examination for the following position:
POLICE OFFICER
(OPEN – COMPETITIVE EXAM)
Date, Time &
Place of
Examination:
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 at 6:00 p.m. in the Cuyahoga Falls High School Cafeteria, 2300 Fourth Street,
Cuyahoga Falls, OH 44221. (Registration will begin at 5:00 p.m.). A valid driver’s license or State issued ID
must be presented for identification purposes on the evening of the examination.
Written Exam: The written exam will take approximately 2.25 hours.
Candidates who pass the written exam with a grade of 70% or above (excluding extra credit) will be eligible, in descending
order of exam grades, to take the agility test. The candidates who pass the agility test will be considered for interview,
additional testing, and possible conditional offers of employment. All conditional offers of employment shall be subject to
aptitude testing, a polygraph exam, a psychological exam, a background check and a post-offer, pre-employment physical
exam and drug and nicotine screen. All offers of employment are conditional and subject to a probationary period of one
year. No review will be granted for the written exam.
Qualifications: Applicant must be a citizen of the United States of America; must be able to read and write the English language; must
have a High School Diploma or equivalency; must be of good moral character; and must be able to meet the physical
demands of employment. (FITNESS QUALIFICATION STANDARDS ATTACHED)
Applicant must have reached her/his 21st birthday and not have reached her/his 35th birthday by the date of the exam.
Applicant must possess a valid Ohio driver’s license without record of suspension or revocation in any state.
NOTE: In compliance with Federal Law, proof of employment eligibility is required within three days of employment.
Requirements: Applicant must be a non-smoker and non-tobacco user, including but not limited to cigarettes, cigars, pipes, snuff, etc. for
the duration of their employment with the City of Cuyahoga Falls.
A physical examination, including cardiovascular risk evaluation and thorough background testing, will be required of
candidates certified to the eligibility list.
Applicant is not required to be a resident of Cuyahoga Falls.
Applicant is advised that Cuyahoga Falls requires mandatory pre-employment drug and nicotine screening, T.B. testing,
and periodic screening during employment.
Applicant must be able to effectively communicate with others; learn to prepare a variety of reports including Officer Daily
Log, criminal & accident reports, etc.; have the ability to exercise sound judgment in evaluating situations and making
decisions; have the ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with peers & supervisors; have the ability
to learn geographical directions, applicable laws & ordinances and Departmental Rules, Regulations, Policies & Procedures;
patrol commercial & residential areas to preserve the peace & enforce the law; have the ability to direct others, take charge
of emergency situations and request necessary assistance; have the ability to make sound judgment in enforcing motor
vehicle traffic laws; have the ability to be self-motivated; and learn to represent the Department in a public forum.
Pay Range:
Benefits:
$22.1416 per hour starting rate, with yearly steps the first four years up to $28.1980 per hour. Top of pay range is
$29.8498 per hour.
The City of Cuyahoga Falls offers a comprehensive benefit package including medical, dental, prescription, optional vision,
life insurance, pension benefits and paid vacation.
Examination Fee: $25.00, non-refundable, payable in cash or money order (NO PERSONAL CHECKS), due at the time the completed
application is submitted.
Extra Credit: 10% extra credit will be added to a score of at least 70% of the attainable score in entrance examinations of any applicant
who has completed service in the uniformed services, and has been honorably discharged, or has transferred to the
reserve with evidence of satisfactory service, or is a member of the national guard or a reserve component of the armed
forces of the United States who, at the time of the examination, has completed more than 180 days of active duty service
pursuant to an executive order of the president of the United States or an act of the congress of the United States. Copy
of Form DD-214 (proof of honorable discharge) or certificate of service must be submitted with application to be
eligible for this 10% credit.
5% extra credit will be given to applicant who has obtained an Associate Degree or above in Criminal Justice from an
accredited college or university. Attach a copy of diploma to application. If the diploma does not show Criminal
Justice degree, a copy of transcripts showing criminal justice major must also be provided.
10% extra credit will be granted to any applicant who has successfully completed an approved State of Ohio Basic Police
Officer Academy, or who is currently employed as a Police Officer in the State of Ohio, or who has been employed as a
State of Ohio Police Officer within the past four years. Proof of successful completion of Academy and State test or
copy of Ohio Basic Police Officer Training Certificate must be attached to the application.
Applications
Available:
Department of Human Resources / Civil Service Office, City Building, 2310 Second Street, Cuyahoga Falls, OH 44221,
Monday–Friday, 8:00 am–5:00 pm., OR visit www.cityofcf.com to print the Notice of Exam and Civil Service application.
Instructions to
Apply:
Completed Application, Fee, and Extra Credit Documentation must be returned to the Civil Service Office, 2310
Second Street, Cuyahoga Falls, OH 44221, in person or by mail, postmarked no later than Thursday, January 15, 2015.
The eligibility list established from this examination will be in effect for two years from the date of first certification.
APPLICANTS ARE PERMITTED TO BRING A CALCULATOR /NO CELL PHONE CALCULATORS. ** CELL PHONES MUST BE TURNED
OFF AND PUT AWAY DURING EXAM – Failure to do so will result in disqualification.
 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. Women, minorities, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. BY ORDER OF THE CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION, https://www.facebook.com/events/763468520368251/?ref=3&ref_newsfeed_story_type=regular, Simple Recycling Program to Start December 15, 2014
 
The recent partnership between the City of Cuyahoga Falls and Simple Recycling for collecting and recycling old, stained and tattered clothing, shoes and household goods will help to divert hundreds of pounds of materials from landfill disposals each year.  According to the EPA, only 15% of clothing is donated or recycled when a curbside program is not offered, which means 85% of the items end up in the landfill.  Curbside recycling is an additional option that has the potential to reduce the municipal waste stream.  
 
Cuyahoga Falls residents who currently donate items to charity are encouraged to continue to do so.  The partnership with Simple Recycling is not meant to replace current donations to local charities, but rather offer residents another avenue to dispose of items not accepted by the charitable organizations. This program accepts torn, stained, and otherwise irreparable clothing, linens, and non-working small appliances that are typically rejected by charities. These items can now be recycled using the specially-marked “Simple Recycling” green bags that were recently mailed out to all residents or can be placed in other weatherproof plastic bags that have a green “Simple Recycling” tag attached to it.   Please place your items on your curb on your regularly scheduled sanitation pick-up day for pick up by Simple Recycling.
 
Additional information regarding this program is available by calling Simple Recycling at 1‑866-835-5068 or online at www.simplerecycling.com or on the City’s website at www.cityofcf.com., Thanks to East of Chicago Pizza and everyone who came out to support the fundraiser today., Be aware that we have had reports of packages being delivered or set out for delivery being stolen recently. It seems that most of the reports have centered around the 2100 and 2200 blocks of 16th, 17th, and 18th Streets. Please report any suspicious activities to our dispatch at 330 928 2181 or if you have any suspect information you can call our Crime Fighters Tip Line at 330 971 8477., Get a great pizza and support a great cause. On Saturday December 6 between 10 am and 2 pm East of Chicago Pizza will be selling a large pepperoni pizza for $9.11. 100% of the $9.11 will be donated to the Justin Winebrenner Family the Akron officer who was recently killed. The pizzas will be available as a pick up so no need to call ahead with an order. Cuyahoga Falls Police officers as well as Mayor Walters will be at the Cuyahoga Falls East of Chicago Location at 2603 State Rd. to help out. Other stores in Barberton/Norton , Stow/Hudson, Ellet, Green, and West Akron., On Thursday 12-4-2014 at approximately 1pm, the Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to a call of two individuals breaking into a garage in the 2900 block of Northland Street. Officers responded to the scene and located the two juvenile male suspects in the vicinity. The two juvenile suspects were found to be in possession of stolen property taken from the garage. One juvenile had a toy gun, resembling a real .45 caliber handgun, in his waistband. Both juveniles were arrested and transported to Summit County Juvenile Detention.

Charges

Breaking and Entering O.R.C. 2911.13  Felony of the Fifth Degree
Possessing Criminal Tools O.R.C. 2923.24 Felony of the Fifth Degree
Theft of Drugs O.R.C. 2913.02 Felony of the Fourth Degree
Possession of Drug Paraphernalia  O.R.C. 2925.14 Minor Misdemeanor 

******Below is the picture of the toy gun taken from one of the suspects. Parents please warn your children of the dangers associated with the carrying of these realistic looking toys. ******, The Cuyahoga Falls Utility Billing department reports that they have been receiving calls from individuals who have been contacted about paying their utility bills in an unusual manner. Please if contacted by any individuals concerning utility bills and it sounds suspicious contact the utility department at 330 971 8250 or after hours the police department at 330 928 2181. These scam calls can be intimidating and sound very official., ********  UPDATED ZUFALL was picked up by the Northeast Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force on Wednesday ******************

PRESS RELEASE
14-26066

On November 17, 2014 the Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to the Breaking and Entering of the Oakwood Convenient Store located at 2675 Oakwood Dr. After an investigation, it was determined that a male suspect backed a blue Ford Ranger pickup truck through the front of the business and made off with an undetermined amount of beer and cigarettes. Detectives followed up further with the investigation and conducted a search warrant at a location in Copley in which enough evidence was obtained to make an arrest in this case. At this time there is an active arrest warrant for:

JEFFREY C. ZUFALL
AGE: 53
COPLEY, OHIO

Zufall is wanted for Breaking and Entering 2911.13 a Felony of the 5th Degree.

Further charges are possible and other jurisdictions are interested in ZUFALL for similar crimes.

At this time, ZUFALL’s whereabouts are unknown. Anyone with information as to his location is asked to contact the Cuyahoga Falls Police Detective Bureau at (330) 971-8334 or the Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighter Tip Line at (330) 971-TIPS., Thank you to all that participated in the Deck the Falls Run held on Saturday. The donation to the Shop with a Cop Program is appreciated., Have a safe and happy Thanksgiving., Cuyahoga Falls Police Dept. Toys for Tickets Program

Cuyahoga Falls - Mayor Don Walters is pleased to announce that the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department will, for the fifth straight year, participate in the Toys for Tickets program. This program allows for motorists who are stopped for minor traffic offenses to trade a traffic warning for a toy donation to Cuyahoga Falls Good Neighbors.
 
Starting December 1, 2014 and running through December 14, 2014, Cuyahoga Falls Police will issue toy waivers to replace a typical warning received for a minor traffic case. The toy waiver encourages the minor traffic violator to donate a new, unwrapped toy for the Good Neighbors program. The driver will be told they can drop off the toy at the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department, 2310 Second St., on or before December 14, 2014. 
 
Mayor Walters remarked, “I know these donations will make the holidays brighter for both the receiver and those making the donation.”
 
For additional information, contact Chief Jack Davis at 330-971-8300., Service Director, Eric M. Czetli,  announced a change in sanitation service due to the Thanksgiving Holiday on Thursday, November 27, 2014.  All Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday collections will be made on regularly scheduled days.  All Thursday and Friday solid waste and recycling collections will be delayed one day. Sanitation crews will work through Saturday, November 26, to complete its regular collection schedules for all Thursday and Friday customers.

If businesses or residents have any questions about the service, they may telephone the Sanitation Department directly at 971-8010., The City of Cuyahoga Falls Announces Partnership with Simple Recycling
for Collection of Unwanted, Clothing & Home Goods 
 
Mayor Don Walters is pleased to announce that the Cuyahoga Falls Sanitation Department has partnered with Simple Recycling to collect unwanted clothing, shoes and home goods at the curb for City Sanitation customers on their regular weekly collection day at no additional cost.  Customers will be mailed specially marked "Simple Recycling" green bags for recycling old clothes, shoes & home goods the first week of December.  Starting December 15th, please set your green "Simple Recycling" bags containing these items BESIDE your recycle cart for pickup. This new program will be available in addition to regular weekly recycling collection at no extra cost.
 
For more information, please visit  www.SimpleRecycling.com. Cuyahoga Falls residents are encouraged to watch for detailed information that will be provided within printed mailers, as well as on the city website at www.cityofcf.com., 14-25552

We are looking for help in identifying the  male at the register. He is wanted for questioning in a quick change scam at local businesses. If you can help identify him, please call the Confidential Crime Fighter's Tip Line at 330-971-TIPS (8477) or contact Detectives Schmidt or Good at 330-971-8334. Thanks for your help., UPDATE TO A THEFT POSTED EARLIER. THANKS TO WHOEVER RETURNED THIS ITEM.

Hello- My name is Sue Sole and earlier this summer you posted about my sisters Peace Sign that was stolen from her memorial garden at Woodridge Primary School. Thank you again for posting this theft. Well today- the janitor was checking on the boiler at the school and a young man was up there- he didn't think anything of it- but when he came back outside the statue was back with a note: saying sorry my buddy took this and didn't know how special it was.. Hope it helps! How wonderful!! Denise Mottice sent me this today- and yesterday was my birthday- and she said my sister gave me a present! How right she was... and how wonderful too that it was returned.. Thought you would like to know- good in people still exists! thank you again. Sue Sole, On Tuesday 11-04-2014 the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department and Mayor Don Walters recognized Don Sitts of Don Sitts Auto for his contributions to the community and his support of the Shop with a Cop program. He was given a plaque as well as a proclamation. Pictured are Sgt. Mark Hawley, Don Sitts, Mayor Walters, and Chief Davis. Thank you Don for your generosity., No Delay In Sanitation Service Over Veteran's Day
 
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio  - Service Director, Eric M. Czetli, announces that there will be no delay in Sanitation Service over the Veteran's Day Holiday, Tuesday, November 11, 2014.  All Cuyahoga Falls customers should follow their normal sanitation schedule.  For additional information on sanitation services or schedules, please log onto www.cityofcf.com or call 330-971-8010., We now have a drop off box for unused prescription medications in our lobby. Please dispose of these medications in this manner to keep them out of our water system and away from those who may abuse them. This box was obtained from a grant from CVS to help our community. PLEASE NO NEEDLES., CUYAHOGA FALLS POLICE OFFICERS HONORED AT STATEHOUSE
by Marc Kovac | capital bureau chief Published: November 2, 2014 12:00AM

Eight members of the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department were among honorees at a conference near the Statehouse in Columbus on Oct. 29.

Attorney General Mike DeWine presented 35 Distinguished Law Enforcement Achievement Awards during the Ohio Law Enforcement Conference, citing their actions in the line of duty.

"Those receiving awards this year have all made tremendous contributions to their communities by valiantly saving lives and putting the safety of others before their own, by going above and beyond for community members, and by dedicating their lives to public service," DeWine said in a released statement.

Cuyahoga Falls Police Sgt. Todd Shafer, Ptl. Trevor Ford, Ptl. Joel Moledor, Ptl. John Neforos and Ptl. Sean Sheets were awarded the Ohio Distinguished Law Enforcement Valor Award. Sgt. Martin Rogers, Ptl. Cheryl Desko and Ptl. Dawn McIlvain received the Ohio Distinguished Law Enforcement Meritorious Service Award.

The eight officers were spotlighted for their response to a February shooting incident at a home, preventing what could have been "a standoff or kidnapping."

The call involved a gunman shooting at his ex-girlfriend's home and then forcing his way in. The woman and her family were trapped inside until officers were able to make entry.

The suspect, armed with an assault rifle and a pistol, was found in the basement and, after pointing his weapon at police, chose to end his life with a self-inflicted gunshot wound, according to a police department press release.

No residents or officers were injured in the incident.

"I am so proud of the officers who stepped up and answered the call that night saving the lives of our residents," said Cuyahoga Falls Police Chief Jack Davis on Oct. 30. "Day in and day out, the members of the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department are willing to do what it takes to serve this city. This was one shining example of it. I was very moved that the family who they saved wanted to attend the awards luncheon and personally thank the officers again. To see the joy and appreciation expressed by the family was a reminder of why officers do their duty despite the risks."

Davis also thanked the Cuyahoga Falls FOP "for covering the cost of the dinner for the family to attend."

Other award recipients included Youngstown Police Chief Robin Lees and Uhrichsville officers Mark Meftah and Sean Smith.

Lees was named police chief after serving more than three decades in the Youngstown department, coming out of retirement to accept the post. He was nominated as "a leader who has excelled in all of his assignments at the Youngstown Police Department with tenacity [and provided] the community with protection and services to the best of his abilities."

Patrol Officer Meftah and Sgt. Sean Smith were honored for saving a drowning man who had fallen off a bridge into a flooded creek earlier this year.

According to their nomination, "Officer Meftah swam quickly through the cold, fast current to reach the victim, who was face-down, had no pulse, and was not breathing. He turned the man over and headed toward shore. Sergeant Smith joined them in the water and assisted in bringing the man the rest of the way back. Officer Meftah and other responders alternated in performing CPR until the man was transported to the hospital."

Editor's notes: Marc Kovac is the Dix Capital Bureau Chief. Email him at mkovac@dixcom.com or on Twitter at OhioCapitalBlog. Cuyahoga Falls News-Press Editor Phil Keren contributed, Officer Ted Davis received a MADD award for his dedication to enforcing impaired driver violations. Congratulations Officer Davis, Photo of Mayor Don Walters presenting certificates of appreciation to Reserve Officers Dave Allaman, Linda King, and Ron Colando for their over thirty years of service each to the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department Reserves. Thank you all for your service! Chief Davis, We need your help in identifying the person in this picture. Please call 330 971 8334 or the anonymous crime fighter tip line at 330 971 8477 to be eligible for a reward. Thank you. **THE PERSON HAS BEEN IDENTIFIED, http://www.ohio.com/news/break-news/officials-warn-ohioans-of-unclaimed-funds-scam-1.534352#.VEjphPLPzSA.facebook, Here are a couple of pictures from Kenny King's 70th birthday party held last night at the pavilion., PRESS RELEASE on 10/14/14
Case 13-22484

In August 2013, the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department was given a case by the Ohio Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force (ICAC) in reference to child pornography being downloaded to a location in the city of Cuyahoga Falls. ICAC had been conducting an investigation since February 2013. On October 8, 2013 the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department, The United States Secret Service (USSS), and The FBI served a search warrant at 1701 Issaquah St. in Cuyahoga Falls in reference to this case.

Law enforcement officers seized computers and digital storage devices that were forensically examined by the USSS. The examination of the seized evidence revealed that over 100 images and videos of child pornography were on the devices. 

On October 6, 2014 the Cuyahoga Falls detectives and Kent State University Police detectives served an arrest warrant on the Kent State University campus.

ARRESTED
Justin L. Williams
Age 22
Cuyahoga Falls Ohio

Pandering Obscenity Involving a Minor 2907.321 F-2 (Four Counts)
Pandering Obscenity Involving a Minor 2907.321 F-4 (Four Counts), 14-19153 Theft of Food Bank Donation Jar

These two men went into a local gas station together. The male in the orange shirt took a charity donation jar off the counter and left the store. The two males left in the red vehicle pictured. If you can give any information on this, please contact Detectives Good or Schmidt at 330-971-8334 or call the Confidential Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighter's Tip Line at 330-971-TIPS (8477). Thanks for your help., PRESS RELEASE
14-21566

On 9/23/14 the Cuyahoga Falls Narcotics unit executed a search warrant in the 2700 block of 10th St. Through investigation, information had been developed that drug trafficking was occurring at that location. As a result of the search, the resident was arrested that night. Also an undetermined amount of US currency, 2 cars and 2 motorcycles were seized that night. Several financial accounts have also been frozen at this point. The currency was a large amount of cash, much of it in small bills. 

Due to the large volume of cash, detectives sought the assistance of a local financial institution who provided equipment and personnel to assist in the counting of the funds. After the count the funds were deposited into a special account where they will remain until the resolution of the case. The total amount of cash seized was $762,537.72. 

ARRESTED

Scott Fogel
Age 46
Cuyahoga Falls Ohio

Drug Trafficking 2925.03 Felony 5

The investigation is ongoing, and further charges are possible., Get into the Holiday spirit with the Deck the Falls 5K run & fun run November 29th, 2014. Part of the Holiday tree lighting and ice rink opening in Downtown Cuyahoga Falls-Falls River Square. This will be a SARC timed event. Dress up in your best Holiday themed outfit! Singing is encouraged! Lots of holiday fun!
ALL PROCEEDS WILL GO TO SHOP WITH A COP OF CUYAHOGA FALLS. 
Donations can also be made directly to CF shop with a cop program., City of Cuyahoga Falls Electric Customer Appreciation Day

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio-Residential electric customers of the Cuyahoga Falls Electric System who were not able to pick up a Home Energy Efficiency Kit at the 2014 Public Power Week Energy EXPO, may pick one up on Customer Appreciation Day, Thursday, October 16th, at the City of Cuyahoga Falls Utility Billing Office located in City Hall, 2310 Second Street. The Utility Billing Office will be open from 8 am – 6 pm. Cuyahoga Falls Home Energy Efficiency Kits are available while supply lasts and there is a limit of one kit per customer household., City of Cuyahoga Falls Announces 2014 Leaf Pick-up Program



Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio –Eric M. Czetli, Director of Public Service, has announced that the citywide 2014 Leaf Pick-up Program will begin Wednesday, October 29, 2014 and run through Wednesday, November 26, 2014 with each residence receiving two (2) pick-ups. Your scheduled leaf pick-up dates may not follow your regular sanitation collection date. Check your pick-up dates by clicking on the Leaf icon and typing in your address at our website www.cityofcf.com. 
 
Leaves must be raked to the curb in loose piles by 7:00 a.m. on the day of pick-up. Leaves will not be picked up if mixed with limbs and debris. Residents are reminded not to rake leaves into the street as this may cause clogging of the storm sewers and could result in serious flooding during heavy rains. Please do not park cars along streets during your scheduled pick-up days, as it may be impossible to remove the leaves.

Crews may pick up bulk piles of leaves a day or two in advance of your schedule; however, they will return to your area on your regularly scheduled pick-up day. Inclement weather conditions or holidays may cause minor variations in the pick-up dates. 

After your last pick-up date only leaves placed in brown paper yard waste bags or tan yard waste carts will be collected curbside by the Sanitation Division during your regular trash collection schedule. Do not place leaves in plastic bags or any other container for trash pickup. This is prohibited by City ordinance. Rulings of the Ohio Environmental Protection Agency prohibit all open burning, including leaves. A Citizen’s Guide for Home Composting is available through the Sanitation Division. 

Residents with questions regarding the 2014 Leaf-pickup Program may call the Leaf Pick-up Hotline at 330-971-8031. , We had a theft of a purse at the Goodwill store on State Rd. The suspect is this white female and she was driving a grey Ford Focus. If you can identify this female, please contact Detectives Schmidt or Good at 330-971-8334 or call the Confidential Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighters Tip Line at 330-971-TIPS (8477). Thanks for your help.  ~~SHE HAS BEEN IDENTIFIED...THANKS, PRESS RELEASE

On October 2, 2014 at 8:40 pm, the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department responded along with the Cuyahoga Falls Fire Department to a report of a one-car traffic accident at W. Bath Rd and Yellow Creek Rd.  A vehicle was apparently eastbound on Yellow Creek Rd and lost control, going off the right side of the roadway and into a ravine.  Upon arrival, the vehicle was found in front of a residence at 2208 W. Bath Rd, and the driver was trapped inside the vehicle.  The Bath Township Fire Department was notified and responded with extrication equipment.  The driver, a 72-year-old male, was pronounced deceased at the scene and the Summit Metro Crash Team responded to assist in the ongoing investigation., ****** Update for further information contact Fire Station 1 at 330 971 8400*******

PRESS RELEASE

September 17, 2014

The Northampton Rotary, in partnership with the Cuyahoga Falls Rotary, the City of Cuyahoga Falls, the Cuyahoga Falls Fire Department, Cuyahoga Falls Parks & Recreation Department, Cuyahoga Falls City Schools and Woodridge local schools, is pleased to announce a new initiative dedicated to teaching every child in grades K-5 in the City of Cuyahoga Falls to swim.

The program, which is set to start this fall, will be implemented largely through the school system, with poster contests, classroom activities and take-home information on the importance of water safety.  Schools will hand out a voucher to students that can be redeemed for free swimming lessons at the Natatorium, located at 2345 4th Street.  Vouchers will be good for eight 30-minute lessons that utilize the American Red Cross Swimming Curriculum.  Lessons will be scheduled through the Cuyahoga Falls Fire Department and city schools will help with transportation for those children who need it. 

Jim McKee, the Northampton Rotary President, spearheaded the initiative by requesting and receiving grant monies and private donations to bring the idea to fruition. “Rotary International is ecstatic about the opportunity to teach kids the valuable life lesson of swimming,” he said.  “Without the support of Mayor Don Walters, the City of Cuyahoga Falls and the local schools, many children who might otherwise not have access to swimming lessons will be able to gain this valuable skill.”

The following are facts supporting the need for this type of program:

According to the Centers for Disease Control, unintentional injury (to include drowning) is the number one cause of death from ages 1 to 44.

According to USA Swimming, the governing body of Olympic swimming:
• 10 people per day are victims of drowning
• 20% of drowning victims are under the age of 14
• Swimming lessons at an early age decrease the chances of drowning by 88%
• Only 13% of children with parents who don’t know how to swim will ever learn to swim in their lifetime, Members of the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department were given commendations by Summit County Council last night at their meeting. The officers were commended for their heroic actions on February 16, 2014 when a gunman entered his ex girlfriends house and firing rounds into it. The officers and the family in the home escaped without harm., Here are some photos taken at the First Responder Appreciation Day held at Riverfront Square on Sunday. Photos are of Ptl. Dan Crabtree's father and stepmom as well as his widow and daughter. Dan was killed in Iraq in 2006 while serving with special forces. The SWAT team honored him by having his photo placed on our new SWAT truck., We are looking for help in identifying this suspect in a theft. If you have any information please contact Detectives Good or Schmidt at 330-971-8334 or use the Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighters tip line at 330-971-8477 for a reward. Reference 14-5574: ****** SUBJECT HAS BEEN IDENTIFIED ******, Press Release 2014-20871
Released on 9/17/14 @ 1130 hours

On 9/16/14 at 7:18 a.m. the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department responded to the construction site located at 3236 State Rd. to take a report of a breaking and entering of construction trailers. The site manager for this property reported that overnight three sub-contractors’ utility trailers had been broken into and over $13,000.00 worth of work equipment and construction materials were stolen. This was the third reported theft from this location in over two months. Officers investigating the scene followed some tracks that were left by the thieves and this led them to a camper on a nearby property. The police department obtained a search warrant for the property at 67 West Bath Rd., and was able to recover numerous items from this theft and some stolen property from one of the prior thefts.

Charged:
Daniel T. Adkinson
48 years old
W/M
of Cuyahoga Falls
Breaking & Entering 2911.13 (Felony of the 5th Degree)

Charged:
Christopher T. Adkinson
39 years old
W/M
of Cuyahoga Falls
Breaking & Entering 2911.13 (Felony of the 5th Degree).

Both suspects were transported to Summit County Jail last night and were to be video arraigned this morning. More charges are expected to be added at grand jury., The Cuyahoga Falls Electric System and the Cuyahoga Falls Community Development Department are partnering with Neighborhood Development Services (NDS), Western Reserve Hospital and the Cuyahoga Falls Library to host the 2014 Public Power Pride Week Energy EXPO.

The 2014 Energy EXPO will be held on Thursday, October 9th from 10 AM to 6 PM at the Cuyahoga Falls Library, 2015 Third Street. The community is invited to enjoy a variety of informational displays, demonstrations, prizes and energizing refreshments throughout the day. Home Energy Efficiency Kits will also be distributed, 1(one) kit per Cuyahoga Falls Electric System customer household while supplies last. A special Home Energy Efficiency Presentation linking local residential utility customers with additional resources will be provided at 12:30 PM.

Residential customers of the Cuyahoga Falls Electric System who are not able to pick up a Home Energy Efficiency Kit at the Energy EXPO October 9th, may pick up a kit while supplies last on Customer Appreciation Day at the Utility Billing Department in Cuyahoga Falls City Hall, Thursday, October 16th from 8 AM – 6 PM., 2014 National Public Lands Day Cuyahoga River Cleanup

The City of Cuyahoga Falls is partnering with a number of local communities and organizations on a 2014 National Public Lands Day Cuyahoga River Cleanup project planned for Saturday, September 27, 2014.

Volunteers are being recruited to assist with Cuyahoga River Cleanup efforts from two main locations; one at River Front Park and the second at Water Works.

Volunteers assisting with litter cleanup along the banks of the Cuyahoga River from River Front Park will meet at 9:30 AM at the River Front Park parking lot (Front Street near the Doodlebug Memorial), and will work until about 12:30 PM.

Volunteers assisting with litter cleanup of the Cuyahoga River from Water Works Park (2025 Munroe Falls Avenue), working on foot along the banks or working from their kayaks or canoes, will meet at the Little Stone Shelter at 9:30 AM, and will work until about 12:30 PM.

Work gloves, t-shirts, trash bags and lunch will be provided for cleanup volunteers. A special thank you is extended to 2014 National Public Lands Day Cuyahoga River Cleanup lunch sponsors, KSU Crooked River Adventures Livery and the Cuyahoga Falls Burntwood Tavern.

Pre-registration is required. For questions or to volunteer, please call (330) 971-8201 or email: mcclearyrm@cityofcf.com by Wednesday, September 24, 2014 to register.

#30#, Cuyahoga Falls Utility Department has advised us that Falls Utility customers have been receiving scam phone calls threatening shut off of services unless bills are paid. These calls claim to be from a third party charged with collecting the funds. Cuyahoga Falls does not use any third party collections for utility payments. If you feel that you receive a call from someone claiming to be from Cuyahoga Falls Utility Billing that is suspicious contact them at 330 971 8250 or contact the police department at 330 928 2181., Dominion East Ohio Gasline Replacement

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio- Eric M. Czetli, Director of Public Service, would like to alert residents and motorists that Dominion East Ohio (DEO) is replacing main gas lines within the City of Cuyahoga Falls.  DEO is currently working on State Road between Valley Road and North Haven Boulevard. While all attempts will be made to complete this work during normal business hours, at times it may be necessary to perform the work overnight in order to allow for customer access to local businesses in the area.  Dominion and its subcontractors will be working from 7pm - 6am on Thursday, September 11, 2014 and Sunday, September 21, 2014 to Thursday, September 25, 2014 from 7pm to 6am.  If you have any questions about the project, please call DEO directly at 1-800-544-5768., CUYAHOGA FALLS LOCKS IN A NATURAL GAS RATE


Cuyahoga Falls has locked in a rate with IGS Energy, the City’s Natural Gas Aggregation Provider, for the November 2014 billing period through the March 2015 billing period. A fixed rate of $4.46 per MCF for 5 months has been locked in for those residents currently enrolled with the City’s aggregation program.

Current participants will be automatically re-enrolled unless they elect not to participate. A letter will be mailed out stating the new rate and providing the option to opt out and there is no cancelation fee to leave the aggregation. Those coming off other contracts or interested in joining the City’s program, may opt-in by calling IGS directly at 1-800-280-4474.

The aggregation program is a voluntary program. All residents may review the PUCO’s “Apples to Apples” comparison website at www.energychoice.ohio.gov for current offers for Dominion East Ohio customers. Fixed, variable and quarterly options are available; however residents are urged to carefully review all terms and conditions, including cancellation fees.

For more information regarding the City’s aggregation program, please contact the Service Director’s office at 330-971-8240.


, Update to 14-19756:

This is a photo of Joseph Kobilis - 22 yr. old W/M 5'7" 170 lbs, Red Hair, Blue Eyes. He has several felony warrants for his arrests. If you know his location please contact Cuyahoga Falls PD at 330-928-2181 or our Cuyahoga Falls Tip Line at 330-971-8477 or your local police department. ****** Updated Kobilis turned himself into Police Monday evening.., Video of our ice bucket challenge dedicated in memory of retired officer Walt Durst and other sufferers of ALS, https://www.youcaring.com/help-a-neighbor/amanda-russell-s-daughter-cuyahoga-falls-cares-fund/228940, null, 2014 National Public Lands Day Cuyahoga River Cleanup

The City of Cuyahoga Falls is partnering with a number of local communities and organizations on a 2014 National Public Lands Day Cuyahoga River Cleanup project planned for Saturday, September 27, 2014.

Volunteers are being recruited to assist with Cuyahoga River Cleanup efforts from two main locations; one at River Front Park and the second at Water Works.

Volunteers assisting with litter cleanup along the banks of the Cuyahoga River from River Front Park will meet at 9:30 AM at the River Front Park parking lot (Front Street near the Doodlebug Memorial), and will work until about 12:30 PM.

Volunteers assisting with litter cleanup of the Cuyahoga River from Water Works Park (2025 Munroe Falls Avenue), working on foot along the banks or working from their kayaks or canoes, will meet at the Little Stone Shelter at 9:30 AM, and will work until about 12:30 PM.

Work gloves, t-shirts, trash bags and lunch will be provided for cleanup volunteers. A special thank you is extended to 2014 National Public Lands Day Cuyahoga River Cleanup lunch sponsors, KSU Crooked River Adventures Livery and the Cuyahoga Falls Burntwood Tavern.

Pre-registration is required. For questions or to volunteer, please call (330) 971-8201 or email: mcclearyrm@cityofcf.com by Wednesday, September 24, 2014 to register, Press Release 14-19756

 On 9/4/14 at 12:16 AM, Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to an apartment in the 3200 block of Prange Drive in response to a 911 call where a female caller reported that she was being held at gunpoint by a known male. Responding officers located the victim who was not injured and that she reported that the male had fled the apartment. CFPD officers assisted by officers from the Stow Police Department conducted a search of the area but were unable to locate the subject. Officers did however locate a loaded 9MM semi- automatic handgun near the apartment. 

 The male who was identified as Joseph Kobilis had charges signed on him for Aggravated Burglary, Felonious Assault, Aggravated Menacing and Having Weapons While Under Disability. On 9/4/14 Cuyahoga Falls Police will request that Stow Municipal Court issue arrest warrants for Mr. Kobilis. If anyone has any information as to his whereabouts they may contact Cuyahoga Falls Police at 330-928-2181 or use the CFPD Tipline at 330-971-8477.

Charged

Joseph Kobilis
22 
Akron, Ohio

Charges

Aggravated Burglary 2911.11 F1
Felonious Assault 2903.11 F2
Having Weapons While Under Disability 2923.13 F3
Aggravated Menacing 2903.21 M1, Press Release 2014-19216 *Update 9/3/14 @ 2:00 pm

This morning at 10:20 am the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department filed an arrest warrant with the Stow Municipal Court in connection with the death of Amanda Russell. 

Charged:
Jeffery J. Conrad
43 years old
B/M
LKA: Toledo, Ohio

Aggravated Murder 2903.01 (Felony of the 1st Degree)

We are currently in the process of transporting Jeffery Conrad from Cuyahoga County back to Summit County in reference to this charge., Press Conference Scheduled Regarding 8th Street Homicide 
 
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department will be holding a Press Conference today, September 3, at 2:00 p.m. at the Cuyahoga Falls Natatorium. 

 

Press Conference Scheduled Regarding 8th Street Homicide 
 
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department will be holding a Press Conference today, September 3, at 2:00 p.m. at the Cuyahoga Falls Natatorium., Press Release 2014-19216 *Update 9/2/14 @ 1136 am

Late on 8/28/14, the Cleveland Metroparks Ranger Department placed a Jeffery J. Conrad – a 43 yr. old black male from Toledo, Ohio - in custody on a charge of Felonious Assault on a Police Officer and Resisting Arrest. Jeffery Conrad has had a protection order issued against him since December 2012. The protected party named in the protection order was Amanda Russell. 

On 8/31/14, The Cleveland Division of Police located a vehicle that was registered to Jeffery Conrad and impounded the vehicle for the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department.

Currently the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department is securing three separate search warrants in Cuyahoga County and will submit all property deemed relevant from these search warrants for forensic testing by BCI.

We currently have not charged anyone in connection with the death of Amanda Russell but the investigation continues., Press Release 2014-19216
 
 
On Thursday 08/28/14 at 3:26pm the Cuyahoga Falls Police received a call from a juvenile female who said she came home from school and saw her mother lying on the ground in the back yard and she was too scared to go out and look.  Police officers and the Cuyahoga Falls Fire Department responded to 3235 8th Street where they found 40-year-old Amanda K. Russell deceased in the rear yard.
 
The death is being treated as a homicide and is being investigated by the Summit County Medical Examiner’s Office, Bureau of Criminal Investigations and the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department.
 
On Thursday evening 08/28/14 Cuyahoga Falls Detective Bureau got a search warrant for the 8th Street address and the investigation is ongoing., http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.youcaring.com%2Fother%2Fkenny-king-70-year-birthday-bash-%2F221540&h=6AQF2IVX4, Press Release

On 8/21/14 at approximately 11:41am a 46 yr old female driver was travelling South on route 8, just North of 2nd St. The female lost control of the vehicle striking the median. The vehicle overturned, and came to rest on the roof.  The Cuyahoga Falls Fire Department was able to extract the driver from the vehicle. There were no other occupants or vehicles involved. The female was transported to Akron City Hosp. and her condition is unknown at this time. 

The accident did cause multiple lane closures for approximately 45 minutes.

The accident remains under investigation. Alcohol/drugs have not been ruled out as a contributing factor., 2014 Fall Sanitation Clean-Up Program

Cuyahoga Falls, OH - Service Director, Eric M. Czetli, announces that Fall Clean-up for ALL City of Cuyahoga Falls Sanitation customers will begin on Tuesday, September 2nd and continue through Friday, September 12, 2014. Sanitation collection crews will not be working Monday, September, 1st due to the Labor day holiday.  All customer's collections, including Fall Clean-up, will be delayed one day during the first week of September. Refuse and recycle crews will work Tuesday through Saturday. 

Please place all Fall Clean-Up refuse at the curb on your regular pickup day by 7 a.m. for collection, along with your regular refuse and recyclables. There will be no additional charges for extra trash on your regular pickup day during Fall Clean-up. If residents have any questions, the Sanitation Department can be contacted directly at (330) 971-8010. 

Branches (less than 2 inches in diameter) and cuttings must be tied securely at both ends with heavy twine or rope in bundles not to exceed 5 feet in length and 24 inches in girth. Limit 5 bundles a week. ALL YARD WASTES (grass clippings, garden waste, leaves, etc.) placed at the curbside must be in yard waste carts or yard waste bags. BRUSH AND YARD WASTES ARE COLLECTED SEPARATELY. Do not exceed 45 pounds per bag or bundled brush. Do not place dirt or mulch in yard bags. Yard bags must be placed on your curb by 7 am on your pickup day.
Unacceptable materials include: any waste not contained in a plastic bag or paper bag or box, yard waste not placed in special paper yard waste bags, unbundled brush, tree trunks, logs or large parts of trees, demolition material, construction material, stone, rock, broken or whole bricks or cement, gravel, cinders, ashes, dirt, mulch, asphalt, earth, vehicle parts or tires, motor oil, lead-acid batteries, gasoline tanks, propane tanks, pet feces that is not double bagged, or carpet that is not rolled (5’ x 2’) and secured at both ends. 
#30#, Cuyahoga Falls Police Department, Detective Bureau
2310 Second Street
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio 44221
330-971-8334

PRESS RELEASE

On 8/19/14, at approximately 8:00 AM, the Cuyahoga Falls Police Detective Bureau executed a search warrant in the 500 block of Stow Ave. The warrant was in relation to a child pornography investigation. The investigation was initiated after information was provided to detectives by the Internet Crimes Against Children (ICAC) task force which indicated child pornography was being downloaded at that location. The ICAC also provided investigators and their mobile computer lab to assist in the search. As a result of the investigation and review of evidence on scene by the ICAC lab, Timothy Bergeron has been arrested.

ARRESTED
Timothy W. Bergeron
Age 18
Cuyahoga Falls Ohio

CHARGES
Pandering Obscenity Involving a Minor, 2907.321, Felony 2
Illegal Use of Minor in Nudity-Oriented Material or Performance, 2907.323, Felony 5

Timothy Bergeron was booked into the Summit County Jail pending his arraignment at the Stow Municipal Court., Press Release 

The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department is proud to announce that eight members of the department have been chosen to receive awards at the Ohio Attorney General’s Conference Law Enforcement Awards Luncheon on October 29, 2014. Sgt. Todd Shafer, Ptl. Trevor Ford, Ptl. Joel Moledor , Ptl. John Neforos, and Ptl. Sean Sheets will be awarded the Ohio Distinguished Law Enforcement Valor Award. Sgt. Martin Rogers, Ptl. Cheryl Desko , and Ptl. Dawn McIlvain will receive the Ohio Distinguished Law Enforcement Meritorious Service Award. 

The officers were nominated for the award by Chief Jack Davis after their heroic actions undertaken on February 16, 2014 at 1620 23rd St.  The call involved a gunman shooting at his ex-girlfriend’s home and then forcing his way in. She and her family were trapped inside the residence until officers were able to make entry. The suspect, armed with an assault rifle and a pistol, was found in the basement and, after pointing his weapon at police, chose to end his life with a self-inflicted gunshot wound. 

“We are honored to have such brave men and women serving on our police force,” remarked Mayor Don Walters.  “It is comforting to know that they put the safety of our residents before their own.”, Crime Fighter tip # 14-13925 contact the tip line at 330 971 8477 for information regarding your reward., Cuyahoga Falls Police Department, Patrol Division
2310 Second Street
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio 44221
330-971-8334

                            Press Release 14-17582

 On 8/9/14 at 4:18 AM, Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to the Checksmart located at 696 Howe Ave in reference to an alarm call along with assistance from Stow Police K9 and Falls Fire. While on scene officers noticed movement coming from inside the building. Officers entered the business and found William J. Harrell hiding in a back room. Harrell was taken into custody without incident. Harrell was charged with B&E & Possession of Criminal Tools. Harrell was booked and then transported to the Summit County Jail where he will be held pending his arraignment in Stow Municipal Court on Monday August 11, 2014 @ 1100AM.

Arrested

William J. Harrell 
27 
Akron, Ohio

Charges

B&E 2911.13 F5
Possession of Criminal Tools 2923.24 F5, Just a reminder that our auction is tomorrow August 9, 2014 at 9am. https://cfo.cityofcf.com/web/news/2014-08-06/police-auction-saturday-august-9th-9am-initial-viewing, We are looking for information regarding a stolen peace sign statue from Woodridge Primary School . If you have information you may contact the Cuyahoga Falls Detective Bureau at 330 971 8334 or call our crime fighters tip line at 330 971 8477., Just a reminder to come out and see us tonight at the Virginia Ocasek Party Center Tallmadge Fairgrounds for the National Night Out 530 to 830., Brett Long's booking photo from robbery at CVS post below., Please join us at the National Night Out Event sponsored by Target and Western Reserve Hospital. This year we will be partnering with Munroe Falls and Tallmadge Police Departments to make it an even bigger event. There will be food, games, police and fire equipment, K9 Demos and much more. The event is on August 5, 2014 at the Summit County Fair Grounds Virginia Ocasek Party Center from 5:30 to 8:30 PM. Free admission and parking hope to see you there., PRESS RELEASE
14-16620

On 7/29/14 at 1:30 PM, after a joint investigation between the Cuyahoga Falls Police Narcotics Unit and the Summit County Drug Unit, the Cuyahoga Falls Police SWAT Team served a search and arrest warrant at 2255 Winter Parkway. The suspect, Lucian Neiman Sheppard, was taken into custody and turned over to narcotics detectives. As a result of the subsequent search, an amount of heroin well over bulk amount, approximately ½ pound of marijuana and more than $3000 in cash were taken as evidence. 

ARRESTED
Lucian Neiman Sheppard
Age 24
Cuyahoga Falls Ohio

CHARGES
Trafficking in Drugs 2925.03 Felony1 
Trafficking in Drugs 2925.03 Felony 3
Possession of Drugs 2925.11 Felony 2

Further charges are possible as the investigation continues. Sheppard will be booked into the Summit County Jail pending his arraignment in the Stow Municipal Court on his current charges., PRESS RELEASE
 
14-16564
 
On Monday July 28th, 2014 at 4:15pm Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to CVS at 1711 State Road on a call of a robbery that had just taken place.  Further information was that a white male possibly in his 30’s demanded cash from the cash register and threatened to shoot the clerk in the face.  The suspect then received the money from the clerk and ran out of the store, heading in a northern direction on State Road.  Within approximately 10 minutes of the robbery, the suspect was located on foot in the area of Falls Avenue at 17th Street.  The suspect was taken into custody and at the time he was in possession of the stolen cash from the store as well as in possession of a syringe.  No weapon was found on the suspect at the time of his arrest.
 
Arrested:  Brett A. Long
     37 years of age
     Resident of Cuyahoga Falls
 
Charges:  Robbery, 2nd degree Felony
     ORC 2911.02
 
    Possession of Drug Abuse Instruments, 2nd degree Misdemeanor
     ORC 2925.12, Boil Alert Due to Water Main Repair

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio -   On Sunday, July 27, 2014, following a water main repair, the water dropped below pressure.  Therefore,  as a safeguard in accordance to EPA regulations, a BOIL ALERT has been issued for Graham Road only between State Road and Prange Drive  until Tuesday, July 29, 2014 at 7:00 p.m.  To ensure safety, please boil your water for a minimum of two minutes., CFO Alert: City crews are working on a 16 inch water main break near 75 Graham Rd/Giant Eagle. Graham Rd. is closed between Prange Dr. and State Rd., Report 14-13131...Can anyone identify the male in the blue shirt? If you have information, please notify Detective Good or Detective Schmidt at 330-971-8334, or call the confidential tip line at 330-971-8477. Thanks for the help., Police Department Public Auction
 
WHEN: Saturday, August 9th, 2014. 
 
TIME: 9:00 am to view items.   Auction to begin at 10:00am
 
LOCATION:  2501 Bailey Road, behind the City of Cuyahoga Falls Technical Services Department Building
 
A list of items to be auctioned can be found here-  http://www.auctionzip.com/Listings/2175761.html, Temporary traffic disruption for the Falls Cancer Club 5 K RUN, KIDS 1 MILE WALK for Saturday 7/26/14 early am 

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Lt Dale Gramley is the traffic coordinator for the 1st annual Falls Cancer Club 5K Run, and is asking for motorists to limit their travels, or at the very least, be very cautious and courteous to the runners on the roadway for a short period of time Saturday  July 26th, early morning. There will be numerous Police Officer volunteering their time at numerous intersections to assist motorists and for the safety of the runners.
  
The race will start promptly at 8:00am from 3rd St and Stow Av area. Traffic restrictions will start between 7:00am and 7:30 am and last until approximately 8:45am as follows: 
 
The race start and finish line is on 3rd St between Portage Trail and Stow Ave, and will be entirely closed until 9:30 am.
 
Both 4th St and 6th St North bound from Portage Trail will be the only other streets with no access at all for approximately 30 minutes   
 
From the start, the runners turn left on Stow Av right on 4th St, left on Oakwood Dr. , left on Silver Lake Av, left ont11th St, left on Washington Av, right on 6th St, left on Portage Trail, then left to the finish line on 3rd St.
 
Participants who cannot run the entire race and have to walk portions will be required to move to the sidewalks.
 
Stow Av between 3rd and 6th streets will be closed a short period for the kids 1 Mile Walk. 
 
Patrons of the Natatorium early Saturday morning are asked to use the entrance/exit off of Oakwood Drive, or the entrance/exit nearest to 2nd Street on Stow Av.
 
All proceeds from this race benefit cancer patients in Cuyahoga Falls. Additional information is on the Falls Cancer Club Facebook page 

 
Lieutenant Dale Gramley can be reached at 330-971-8333, or at 330-780-9000 on Saturday, Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Eric M. Czetli, Director of Public Service, would like to alert residents and motorists that the lane restrictions on Portage Trail have been rescheduled to Friday, July 25, 2014, from 7:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.  During that time, Portage Trail will be restricted to one lane in each direction between Second Street and the southbound entrance ramp to Route 8.   Work is scheduled to be done in the crosswalk connecting Riverfront Mall on either side of Portage Trail.  Access to all businesses will be maintained. We wish to thank motorists for their patience during this work., On 7/9/14 The Cuyahoga Falls Police assisted the Silver Lake Police with a burglary in progress call in their city. As a result of that investigation and the search of a residence in Cuyahoga Falls that night, Cuyahoga Falls Police Detectives have arrested a 13year old male and a 14 year old male in connection with several burglaries in our city. 

Both juveniles are Cuyahoga Falls residents. At this point burglaries on Tyler Ave, Caleb St and Taft Ave have been cleared. 

The 13 year old male was charged with (3) counts of Burglary 2911.12 Felony 2. 
The 14 year old male was charged with Burglary 2911.12 Felony 2 and Receiving Stolen Property 2913.51 Felony 5. 

Both juveniles were arrested and turned over to the Summit County Juvenile Court on 7/10/14. 
A large amount of stolen property was recovered and Detectives are attempting to identify the owners.   
At this time the investigation is continuing and further charges are possible., PRESS RELEASE
Update 14-9654

The Cuyahoga Falls Police Detective Bureau has made an arrest on a subject in the May 10th Robbery of the Walgreens at 2645 State Rd. 

ARRESTED

Anthony M. Stearn
Age 26
Akron Ohio

CHARGES

Aggravated Robbery
2911.01 Felony 1

Stearn is already in custody at the Summit County Jail on similar charges in the City of Akron and will be arraigned through the Stow Municipal Court in the near future on this additional charge., Here is a link to an informational video on prescription drug abuse aimed at parents of teenagers. http://pact360.org/images/uploads/general/parents360%20rx%20for%20mobile.mp4, Here is our new cruiser. Let us know what you think about the new look., http://www.ohio.com/news/local/new-citywide-program-encourages-falls-business-owners-to-talk-to-youngsters-about-drugs-1.502310, Have a safe and Happy Fourth of July. Please remember that fireworks are legal to purchase but not legal to use in the state of Ohio., 14-13210:  If you know the identity of the women in the photos, please contact Detective Good or Detective Schmidt at 330-971-8334 or the Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighters Tip Line at 330-971-8477. Thanks for your help., http://www.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.fallsnewspress.com%2Fregional%2F2014%2F06%2F22%2Ffugitive-safe-surrender-program-returns-to-summit-county-june-25&h=HAQG-hX77, Members of the Cuyahoga Falls Police team running in the Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run yesterday afternoon Pictured are Aaron Barnhart, Jack Davis, Mayor Don Walters, Mike Luggelle, Janet Ciotola, and Laura Nusbaum. Special thanks to Aaron Barnhart and Valley Savings Bank for their sponsorship donation., CUYAHOGA FALLS CRIME FIGHTERS

WHAT IT IS
The Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighters tip line (330-971-TIPS) is a way for tips to be submitted anonymously for crimes that may occur in the City of Cuyahoga Falls.  While Cuyahoga Falls is fortunate to already have a low crime rate, the City's goal is to have zero crime and is, therefore, instituting this proactive program.   Law enforcement will follow up on tips submitted, and a determination will be made by Crime Fighter officials whether a tip is eligible for a reward and what the amount of that reward will be.  Crime Fighters is funded solely through donations…no City money is involved.  The bank account is managed by the Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 49. 
HOW IT WORKS
To Report a Tip
1. The tipster will dial the tip line and press option 1 to speak with a Crime Fighters operator. 
2. The operator will take down the information and assign a tip number.
3. The operator will then instruct the Tipster to hang up and immediately call back on the tip line and choose option 2 to leave a voicemail stating the tip number and a unique password known only to the Tipster. This is the only method Crime Fighters has of identifying the caller for future payment. 
To Collect a Reward
1. The Tipster will periodically dial the tip line and choose option 3.  A message will be played indicating which, if any, tips are currently being paid.  If a particular tip is not listed, the Tipster should check again at a later date.  
2.. If the message indicates a tip has been awarded payment, the message will state the tip number and reward amount, and will instruct the Tipster to proceed to a specific bank located within the City of Cuyahoga Falls and give the teller the tip number and password.  The teller will then confirm the password and, upon confirmation, pay the designated amount to the Tipster.  It is important to note that both the number and password must be provided in order to collect any reward.
TO MAKE A DONATION
Cash donations are received in the office of the City’s Finance Director located on the second floor of City Hall.  Donations made by check should be payable to “FOP49 Crime Fighters” and can be hand delivered or mailed to the Director of Finance, City of Cuyahoga Falls, 2310 Second Street, Cuyahoga Falls OH 44221.  
ANONYMITY
The promise of anonymity is the most powerful weapon in the fight against crime and is strictly honored by Cuyahoga Falls Crime Fighters. We do not have caller ID. We do not use *67. We do not record phone calls., Cuyahoga Police along with Munroe Falls and Tallmadge Police Departments will be putting on a Citizen's Police Academy starting in September. Attendees will be given a chance to learn about police work from officers who work in their communities as well as from prosecutors, investigators, and judges. The course will be spread over eleven weeks and will allow for hands on learning opportunities with firearm simulators , legal issues, court room procedures, crime scene processing, drug enforcement, accident investigation, and traffic enforcement. Cost for the course is $60.00 to cover costs associated with running the course. To enroll or to inquire further contact Officer Jim Owens at 330 688 7494 or jowens@munroefalls.com, Lt. Gay (Ret.) was recognized on June 19th by the Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force for the expert training he provided to Task Force officers, and his exemplary service in assisting with the apprehension of wanted fugitives in 2013. Congratulations!  Lt. Gay(Ret.), Congratulations to Sgt. Chris Davies and Sgt. Dan Randall who were sworn in yesterday by Mayor Don Walters. Both will be heading to the night shift to start their supervisory careers., Press Release 2014-13111

On Wednesday 06/18/14 at 4:48pm the Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to 1371 Forest Glen Drive reference a complaint of an unauthorized use of a motor vehicle.  During the investigation into the alleged unauthorized use of motor vehicle, Police were able to get the suspect to return to the Forest Glen address with the vehicle in question.  Karshif A. Dobson was taken into custody when he arrived and found to be in possession of heroin.

Arrested:  Karshif A. Dobson, age 26 of Akron, Ohio

Charged with: Possession of Heroin
 ORC #2925.11, 5th degree Felony

 Trafficking in Heroin
 ORC# 2925.03, 5th degree Felony

 Tampering with Evidence
 ORC# 2921.12, 3rd degree Felony

Dobson will be arraigned in the Stow Municipal Court on Thursday 6/19/14 at 8:30am and is currently being held in the Cuyahoga Falls Jail.

On Wednesday evening 06/18/14 Cuyahoga Falls Detective Bureau got a search warrant for a Hillcrest Drive address in Cuyahoga Falls regarding this drug arrest and the investigation is ongoing., Cuyahoga Falls Electric Peak Shaving 

Cuyahoga Falls, OH -Today, June 18, 2014, the area power system is expected to experience higher loads. The Cuyahoga Falls Electric Department is asking customers to reduce load between the hours of 2:00PM and 7:00PM today to help reduce charges on their bills.

Cuyahoga Falls Electric gets billed capacity and transmission charges based on the city’s peak usage the previous year. The peak usage amount is set by the city’s usage during the five days and hours when the transmission system was at its peak for the year. Part of the city’s power cost is rolled along to the customers.

Customers know they will save money on their own bills simply by using less electricity. What customers may not have known is that they don’t even have to use less electricity during the whole day to help save money on their bills. Just moving the use of power from the peak time to later in the day during days when it is requested will help make a difference. The more customers that help, the more the savings will add up.

We offer customers the following tips for helping use electricity efficiently during these hours covered by the alert. Set thermostats at the highest comfortable setting. If you're leaving for the day, set the thermostat higher but don't turn the system off unless the home will be unoccupied by family members or pets for several days. Turn off lights that are not needed. Make sure drapes and furniture are not blocking air registers or returns. Minimize hot water use to reduce heat and humidity in your house. For cooking, use a microwave oven or counter-top appliances instead of your stove. Close blinds, shades or drapes during the hottest part of the day. This helps prevent the suns rays from heating up your house and making your air conditioner work overtime. Use ceiling fans and portable fans to keep air moving. Postpone using dishwashers, washing machines, dryers and other major appliances until after 7 PM., "Recently I worked an extra detail with a construction crew in the area of Bailey Road and Center Avenue.  I just want to thank all the neighbors in the area and passers-by who stopped to see if I needed anything or offer me water during that hot afternoon.  Its a pleasure working in a community with such caring citizens.  Thank You."
 
Officer R. Tlumac, Jen Morton,our Teen Librarian has worked diligently to plan some special events at the Library.
The events are designed to interest grades 6 to 12.
The formats are both entertaining and challenging.

Let's help Jen energize her efforts, by contacting children,grandchildren ,cousins and neighbors who may want to attend these events.

Beginning June 11, the programs are as follows:
June 11, Anime Club, 7:00pm. No registration required.
June 17,Solar Printmaking, 3:00pm. Registration is required at 330-928-2117.
June 18,Geeky Games Galore, 7:00pm. Snacks are provided.
June 24,Galaxy Twist, 3:00pm. A little explaination needed.

Teens  are invited to bring a black T-shirt or tank top and transform it into something out of this world.  
Craft supplies are provided, but, not the shirt.  
Expect to be messed up.   So, don't wear your best duds.

June 28, Origami for Adults and Teens, 2:00pm.
Join instructor Jon Tucker from Ohio Paper Folders to learn the traditional Japanese art of origami.  
Register  at 330-928-2117., From Friday night (6/13/14) to Saturday Morning (6/14/14) there were at least 14 related incidents of criminal damaging and thefts from motor vehicles. The incidents involve suspect(s) shooting a BB gun and/or throwing objects through windows of vehicles. Anyone with information may contact Cuyahoga Falls Detective Bureau at 330-971-8334 and speak to Detective Tlumac or Detective Lengel. Or contact Summit County Crime Stoppers at 330-434-2677 (www.summitcrimestoppers.org). A reward may be available if your tip leads to an arrest., Anyone familiar with these graffiti markings and who may be doing these markings? If so, call Cuyahoga Falls Detective Bureau at 330-971-8334 and speak to Detective Tlumac or Detective Lengel. Or contact Summit County Crime Stoppers at 330-434-2677 (www.summitcrimestoppers.org). A reward may be available if your tip leads to an arrest., Portion of Northampton Road Closed for Repair 
 
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Eric M. Czetli, Director of Public Service, would like to alert residents and motorists that starting on Tuesday, June 17, 2014 and continuing through Thursday, June 19, 2014, Northampton Road between Portage Trail and Meredith Lane will be closed to repair the roadway damaged by the May 12th Storm. The road will be closed from 7:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. daily.  

Emergency crews have been notified and detour signs are posted. We wish to thank the motoring public for their patience during this closure., Press Release: 14-11897

 On 6/5/2014 at 1202pm the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department responded to a reported burglary in progress in the 1000 block of Cooper Drive. The homeowner had just returned home and gone inside, and shortly thereafter saw a female walking through a back room. The homeowner was able to contain this female in the backyard, while calling the police department. Officers arrived and arrested the female. The female did have items with her that had been removed from the home. 

The female was identified as Bonnie Zlocki, 41 years old, of Northfield, Oh. She was charged with Burglary, a Felony of the second degree, and taken to the Summit County Jail., Congratulations Lt. Guldeman. He was promoted to the rank of Captain on 6/4/14. He has been with the department for 24yrs....Great job Capt. Guldeman!!, Congratulations to Sgt. Mike Heinl. He was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant on 6/4/14. He has been with the department for 24yrs....Way to go Lt. Heinl!!, Congratulations Mark Enos, He was promoted to the rank of Sergeant on 6/4/14. He has been with the department for 24yrs....Good luck Sgt. Enos!!, Photo with Mayor Walters and students from Dewitt Elementary at the kick off for the NOT ME, I'M DRUG FREE program this morning. The program incorporates a drug free message as well as incentives from local businesses to the students. Western Reserve Hospital partnered with the City to create the program. Thank you Western Reserve Hospital and all the businesses that helped. Stay tuned for more information on the program., Another Bonus Weekend at Water Works Family Aquatic Center Sat., May 31 and Sun., June 1st

    Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - We had so much fun this past weekend at Water Works Family Aquatic Center that we're inviting you to join us THIS weekend too! The aquatic center will be open from 11a-8p both Saturday, May 31st and Sunday, June 1st.  The weather looks to be sunny and warm for a fun day at the pool.  While you're here you and the family will enjoy a 220 ft. zero depth-edge pool, water slides, drop slides, swimming lanes and a lazy river and much more!  Get lunch or a snack from our concession stand or bring your own cooler packed with goodies!  And remember, season passes are a GREAT deal and still on sale.  After this bonus weekend, the Aquatic Center is open every day (weather and attendance permitting) from 11a-8p on June 6th - August 24. See you there!, 
Cuyahoga Falls Businesses invite you to join our Community Support Raffle
. 






Submitted by englirl@cityofcf on Thu, 05/22/2014 - 3:03pm


Cuyahoga Falls Businesses invite you to join our Community Support Raffle! Help support our neighbors and friends! Fall’s Businesses are raising funds for the residents of Cuyahoga Falls whose homes have been condemned due to extreme damage from the storm that ripped through our city.

Join us at the Riverfront’s famous Cruise In Car Show held on Memorial Day, May 26 at 6pm.  Purchase raffle tickets for all of our great prizes including baskets, gift certificates, and home services.  You do NOT need to be present to win!

Donatos on State Road will be offering a “Dine to Donate” where a percentage of their sales on May 27th and 28th will be added to the funds!  Get some great pizza while helping a great cause! Print off the flyer here. The Facebook event page is:  

https://www.facebook.com/events/1415377535408264/ 
, CITY OF CUYAHOGA FALLS
POLICE DEPARTMENT

Press Release: SR8 South Construction Equip vs Bridge Accident 2014-10684 

On 5/22/14  at approximately 10:31am, a semi-tractor  hauling construction equipment on a flatbed trailer was South bound on State Route 8 approaching the Bailey Road Bridge overpass. The bucket of a wheeled backhoe struck the Bailey Road Bridge, breaking it free of the trailer, 2 passengers cars following the truck were struck by flying debris as the backhoe severely gouged the pavement.

Numerous Cuyahoga Falls Police and Fire Units responded, there were no reported injuries sustained as a result of this accident. 

Other agencies assisting the Cuyahoga Falls Police were: Stow Police who assisted in closing SR8 South, Silverlake Police with area traffic control, the Cuyahoga Falls Engineering and Street Departments, as well as the Ohio Department of Transportation.

Although the Bailey Road Bridge overpass sustained damage, it was temporarily repaired, then determined by experts to be structurally sound, and overpass traffic was resumed within an hour.

Repairs and cleanup of the equipment and pavement of SR8 were completed, and all southbound traffic was open for vehicular traffic at 210pm.

Both passenger cars were towed, Johnnie’s Towing facilitated the removal of the construction equipment.

A citation was issued to the operator of the semi-tractor, 44 year old Jose Martinez Pimbroke Pines Florida for Unsecured Load. A $200 Bond was posted and a Mayors Court Date of 5/29/2014, Route 8 Southbound is now open for traffic., The Bailey Road Bridge is now open, Route 8 south bound closed at Second St. and Bailey Rd. Bridge closed due to an accident. Please avoid the area if possible., Case 14-6838:  Does anyone know this male? He is wearing a Wisconsin baseball cap and a Houston Texans jacket. He is a suspect in a theft from a business on Howe Avenue. If you can help identify this person please call Detective Schmidt or Detective Good at 330-971-8334., Case 14-9571:  We need some help identifying the male in these ATM photos. If you can help identify this person please call Detective Schmidt or Detective Good at 330-971-8334., Sanitation Service Delayed One Day During Memorial Day Holiday

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio   - Service Director, Eric M. Czetli announces that Sanitation collection crews will not be working Monday, May 26, 2014 due to the Memorial Day holiday.  All customers’ collections will be delayed one day.  Refuse and recycle crews will work Tuesday through Saturday.  If you have any questions, you may contact the Sanitation Department directly at (330) 971-8010., Be wary of scams that may come about due to the flood damage in the area. There will be scams regarding repairs as well as those seeking donations. We have taken a report of a theft by a clean up crew at one location in our city. Most contractors are reputable and honest but citizens need to be vigilant. Chief Davis, Power should be restored to most of those living in the northern part of the city., null, Power outage in the northern part of the city. Ohio Edison is working on it and hope to have it resolved in a little bit., Flood Cleanup for all Cuyahoga Falls Sanitation Customers

Cuyahoga Falls, OH - Due to Monday night's storm, Mayor Don Walters has announced a Special Flood Cleanup for all Cuyahoga Falls Sanitation customers. This extra week of bulk cleanup will begin on Monday, May 19th and continue through Friday, May 23rd. Have refuse at the curb on your regular trash pickup day by 7:00 a.m. for collection during this week. 




Yard waste needs to be in bags, brown carts or bundles of brush and limbs, 2" in diameter maximum.

Hazardous waste, tires, car parts, or large amounts of construction material will not be taken. All other acceptable trash items (furniture, appliances, misc.) will be picked up free of charge. 

For more information, please call the Sanitation Department at 330-971-8010 or log on to www.cityofcf.com.




, City building and police phones are now working, The Cuyahoga Falls police officer test scheduled for today is still on. Good luck to those taking the test., The Cuyahoga Falls city building will be closed on Tuesday, May 13, 2014 due to flooding issues at the city building. Phone and email service to the city building will be disrupted for an unknown length of time. The dispatch center is still capable of receiving 9-1-1 calls and the non-emergency number of 330-928-2181 is operational., For those without power, crews are working diligently and power is expected to be restored shortly., SR 8 in Cuyahoga Falls is fully open in both directions., SR 8 - All lanes open with some disabled vehicles off to the side., SR 8 closed near Front St. North and south bound., Citywide flooding and numerous road closings. Please help us by staying off the streets., Below is a photo of a suspect from the Walgreen's robbery Saturday. Please contact 330 928 2181 with any identifying information., Press Release: 14-9654

On 5/10/2014 at 1000am the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department responded to a call of an aggravated robbery at the Walgreens located at 2645 State Rd.  Walgreens employees reported that a white male in his mid to late 20s, approximately 5’8”, 140lbs wearing a black t-shirt with a yellow graphic on the front of the shirt, dark colored pants and a dark colored ball cap, displayed a knife to the clerk at the register and demanded money. The clerk complied with the suspect’s request, and handed the suspect an undisclosed amount of cash. The suspect then fled from the store on foot southbound on State Rd where the suspect got into a white Chevy Malibu in the area and fled the scene in an unknown direction.
 
Anyone with information on the suspect please contact the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department at 330-928-2181.

, null, Press Release                    05-07-2014

On May 17, 2014 Cuyahoga Falls Police will be partnering with the Ohio State Patrol and Ohio Investigative unit on a detail for prom season safety. With the area schools prom season underway we want to assure safe roadways for the students’ special night. The detail will be targeting aggressive driving, distracted drivers, impaired drivers and alcohol related violations.

It is the hope that this detail will aid in avoiding a tragic event occurring during this prom and graduation period. For any more details on the event contact Chief Jack Davis at 330 971 8300., Congratulations to Officer Kevin Lohse for being awarded the Optimist Club Officer of the Year award on 4-6-2014. Great job Kevin. Chief Davis, Press Release: 14-9078

On 5/03/2014 at 1:38 AM, Cuyahoga Falls Police attempted to stop a black 2001 Chrysler 300 that was reported stolen out of the City of Forest Park, OH. The stop was initiated on Howe Ave. near SR 8. The driver fled, leading officers on a pursuit into the City of Akron and then back into the City of Cuyahoga Falls. The pursuit was terminated north on State Rd. in Cuyahoga Falls. Shortly thereafter, the vehicle was found crashed in the tree line on State Rd near Bath Rd. The driver fled on foot. Officers searched the area, locating the driver on Emidio Circle.  The driver, Cecil Raymond Johnson, is a 23 year old male out of Cincinnati, OH. Johnson is being held at Summit County Jail on Receiving Stolen Property and Fleeing and Eluding.

Arrested

Cecil Raymond Johnson 

Charges

Receiving Stolen Property (F4)
Fleeing and Eluding (F3), Can you help identify the male and female in the photos? The female directly in the middle of the two photos is NOT a suspect. Case 14-4444: We are looking to identify the male in the blue coat and the female that walks in behind him and then stands to the right in the one photo. If you can help identify either person please call the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department Detective Bureau at 330-971-8334 and ask for Detective Good or Detective Schmidt. Thanks for your help., null, Press Release: 14-8789

On 4/29/2014 at approximately 1100am Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to a call of a burglary in the 100 block of Morrison Ave. The victim explained to arriving officers that when he was enroute from his business to his residence, he witnessed a white male subject carrying a guitar near Front St and Bailey Rd. When the victim arrived home, he discovered that someone had forced entry into his home and that his guitar, along with several other items was missing.
 
Officers immediately checked the area of Front St and Bailey Rd for the suspect but discovered that the suspect had already left the area. A clerk at a local gas station had overheard the suspect asking customers at the business for a ride to an Akron pawn shop. A Cuyahoga Falls Police Officer responded to the pawn shop in Akron, and with the assistance of Akron Police, located and arrested the suspect who was still in possession of the stolen guitar. The suspect was identified as a 29 year old male resident of Cuyahoga Falls named Ian Richardson. Richardson was also found to be in possession of a hypodermic needle and other drug paraphernalia.  
 
Ian Richardson was transported to the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department for processing, and ultimately booked at the Summit County Jail on a Felony Burglary charge.
 
Arrested: Ian M. Richardson, 29 year old resident of Cuyahoga Falls
 
Charges: Burglary ORC 2911.12, Felony of the Second Degree
 
., 2014 City of Cuyahoga Falls Great American River Day Cleanup & Beautification Project

Cuyahoga Falls, OH-Join your neighbors and friends in the 2014 Great American River Day Cleanup & Beautification Project planned for Saturday, May 17th from 10 AM – 2 PM. 

Volunteers will clean up litter, plant trees and flowers, and pull garlic mustard plants at designated public grounds areas. Lunch, cleanup and planting supplies will be provided for volunteers. 

A special Noon presentation by expert kayaker Mr. David Hill will be followed by a fun-filled River Raffle. 

To register by Thursday, May 15th, please email mcclearyrm@cityofcf.com. Volunteer sign-in location and project details will be provided upon registration., The City of Cuyahoga Falls Announces the 2014 Electronics Recycle Program

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio is proud to provide the 5th annual E-Recycle Program in partnership with Accurate IT Services, an R-2 Certified Electronics Recycling Company.

To ensure responsible recycling of old electronics and accessories, citizens and businesses may drop off these items on Friday, May 9th from 5 – 9 PM, and Saturday, May 10th from 9 AM to 2 PM at the City of Cuyahoga Falls Service Complex located at 2560 Bailey Road (participants will enter and exit Complex at Gaylord Grove). 

 Included among the many electronics and accessories that will be accepted for recycling at no cost are scanners, shredders, tools, copiers, printers, DVD/VHS/VCR units and all accessories, electronic toys, video game consoles and hand-held games systems, GPS devices, hair dryers, kitchen equipment, microwaves, LCD/Plasma TVs, cameras, radios, cell phones and all telephones, computer equipment hardware, servers, and accessories, as well as electrical appliances that do not contain Freon will be accepted for recycling. There will be a flat $20 recycle fee per unit for old tube-style, CRT televisions of any size. Checks should be made payable to Accurate IT Services. More than 2(two) CRT computer monitors per vehicle will be $5 per additional unit also payable to Accurate IT Services. Please: No alkaline batteries or light bulbs of any kind. Check with local hardware stores for CFL bulb recycling.

 The program is open to all – there is no residency requirement. For more information, visit the City website at www.cityofcf.com, or email mcclearyrm@cityofcf.com., Just a reminder that the Police Department is still accepting applications for a civil service test for police officers. Go to cityofcf.com for complete information., updated info, The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department is requesting the help from the public in locating 20 year old KAREN A. LLOYD. KAREN LLOYD has been missing from the Maggie Smith Group Home located at 1770 2nd St in Cuyahoga Falls since approximately 10:00am on Thursday 4/17/2014. KAREN LLOYD suffers from schizoaffective disorder and is prone to seizures. KAREN LLOYD is described as a 20 year old white female 5’3” 180 lbs. Anyone with knowledge of KAREN LLOYD’S whereabouts are urged to contact the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department at 330-928-2181., CITY OF CUYAHOGA FALLS
POLICE DEPARTMENT

Press Release

On 4/14/14 at about 6:00PM the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department made a traffic stop on a vehicle after it failed to yield to oncoming traffic from a stop sign. This vehicle almost caused an accident with the patrol car.  The officer upon making contact with the occupants detected an odor of marijuana. Upon further investigation the officer did find approximately 145 grams of marijuana, $751.00 in currency inside of the vehicle. The driver and passenger were arrested for Trafficking in Marijuana.

 Arrested: 

 Driver- Frances M. Haas, female, 18yr, Stow resident
 Charges: Trafficking in Marijuana, a felony of the 4th degree
     Stop sign violation

 Haas was held in the Cuyahoga Falls Jail pending arraignment at the Stow Municipal Court.

 Passenger- 17yr old juvenile male, Cuyahoga Falls resident
 Charges: Trafficking in Marijuana, a felony of the 5th degree

The juvenile was taken to the Summit County Juvenile Court. 
 

Lt. Guldeman
Cuyahoga Falls Police Dept.
330-971-8334, null, On Monday April 7, 2014 retired Cuyahoga Falls Police Officer Julius Heil made a donation to the Cuyahoga Falls F.O.P. to be used to support the canine program. Heil  made the donation to honor Ptl. Dan Crabtree who was killed while serving his country in 2006. Thank you Julius for this generous donation and for your service to the city. Pictured with Heil is Chief Jack Davis and Mayor Don Walters., The NE Chapter of Ohio Carry has placed a box in our lobby to accept non perishable food items for the Garrettsville Food Bank which was destroyed in a fire. Collections will be taken until April 13th, 2014., Missing juvenile 17 year old Nicole Covel  has been missing from the Massillon area for approximately a week and may be in the Cuyahoga Falls area. If seen contact Cuyahoga Falls Police Department at 330 928 2181., Press Release 2014-5863

On Wednesday 03/19/14 at 3:33pm the Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to a business on State Road near Quick Road to meet a man who had just been threatened by another man with a gun.  Officers spoke with a 72 year old Cuyahoga Falls resident who said he was on his way home from the grocery store when he received a phone call from a man who apparently found his lost dog and told him to come to 3658 Hampton Heights Drive in Cuyahoga Falls and get his dog.  The victim went to the address where he was met by a man in his 50’s in the driveway and who had his dog.  The victim was able to get his dog back and offered the man some fruit for finding his dog.  The victim says that the man then pulled out a semi-automatic handgun from his pocket, stuck it in his face and threatened to kill him and his dog.  The victim walked backwards out of the driveway and he and his dog retreated to the car and drove away and called Police.

Police went to 3658 Hampton Heights Drive but got no response at the door.  Officers were able to call the resident, identified as 56-year-old Charles Keller, who refused to talk to Police and then officers heard what sounded like a round being chambered into a semi-automatic gun.  The resident then hung up.  Police later had conversations with Charles Keller as he called Police throughout the night and every time Keller refused to come out of his house.  A warrant was issued for Charles Keller’s arrest for Aggravated Menacing.

On Thursday morning 3/20/14 at approximately 9:30am, officers who were in the area of Hampton Heights Drive, observed Charles Keller leave his house in a pickup truck.  Several officers then stopped Keller away from his house and arrested him on the warrant.  After the traffic stop, officers found out that Keller had a Concealed Carry Permit and he failed to disclose that he had a permit and he failed to tell officers he had a loaded gun in the truck.  Police did find a loaded .380 cal semi-automatic handgun in the center console of the truck.

Arrested:  Charles A. Keller, age 56 of Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio

Charged with: Aggravated Menacing
 ORC #2903.21, 1st degree misdemeanor

 Carrying Concealed Weapon
 ORC# 2923.12, 1st degree misdemeanor

Keller was arraigned in the Stow Municipal Court and is currently being held in the Cuyahoga Falls Jail on a $10,000.00 cash bond.
On Thursday 03/20/14 at approximately 4:30pm, Cuyahoga Falls Police got a search warrant for the home of Charles Keller and did search the home for any guns.  Police recovered 6 handguns and 1 rifle, one of the handguns matched the description of the gun used and it was in the pocket of a coat believed to have been worn by Keller at the time of the incident., Enjoyed a great visit and lunch yesterday with the Mayor, Drew Tackett, and Sam Horak. Drew and Sam are second graders that won a lunch with the Mayor and Police Chief at a St. Joseph school fund raiser., Congratulations to Fire Fighter Kevin Rubin on his promotion to Lieutenant on Friday 3-14-14. He is pictured with Mayor Don Walters and Fire Chief Paul Moledor. Good luck in your new position., Welcome to our new patrol officer Ryan Alestock sworn in this morning by Mayor Don Walters., null, Best of luck to retiring dispatchers Rhonda Jolliffe and Dianne Allen. Thanks for your many years of dedicated service. May you both have good health and happiness in the years to come., Congratulations to Jack Davis! Mayor Don Walters selected Captain Jack Davis to be promoted to Chief of Police, and his official swearing in ceremony was held on 2/14/14. Best of luck to Chief Jack Davis as he leads the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department., Detectives are looking for help in identifying this subject regarding a theft at Circle K 641 W. Portage Tr. Any information contact Detectives Schmidt or Good at 330 971 8334, null, FOR  IMMEDIATE  RELEASE

February 18, 2014

Contact:  Chuck Novak

Street Commissioner

City of Cuyahoga Falls

330-971-8030

Cuyahoga Falls Issues Citywide Parking Ban

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Mayor Don Walters would like to alert residents and motorists to a citywide parking ban which will be in effect starting at 5:00am on Tuesday, February 18, 2014 through 6:00 a.m. Wednesday, February 19, 2014.  The parking ban is needed to assist our street crews in clearing off roadways.  Cars parked on city streets will be ticketed and are subject to towing., Update 14-3536

The suspect:

Robert A. Mann
22 years old
LKA: Rittman, Ohio

He was pronounced dead at Akron City Hospital., Press Release 14-3536

On 2-16-14 at 11:27 pm Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to 1620 23rd St. in reference to a shots fired call. Officers were advised that an ex-boyfriend of one of the residents had come to the house and had shot out a door. Three residents hid in the house while police responded. When officers arrived they found the back glass door to have been shot out. Officers entered the home to secure the scene and while searching the home, the suspect was found hiding in the basement. Officers confronted the armed suspect and he shot himself in the head with a 9mm handgun. The subject was transported by Cuyahoga Falls EMS to Akron City Hospital.

Officers found that the subject had an AK47 assault rifle, 9 mm handgun, over 140 rounds of ammunition and numerous cable ties. Earlier in the night the Summit County Sheriff’s Office put out a BOLO in reference to the suspect in this case stating that the suspect had made threats to kill his mother and ex-girlfriend. The ex-girlfriend’s name and address were not known until after this call came into dispatch.

The 22 year old white male suspect is not being identified at this time. No residents or officers were harmed during this incident., Cuyahoga Falls Police recently took a report from a subject who had received a chat from a supposed Facebook Compensation Representative who indicated that he had won a prize. In order to claim this prize he was instructed to send money via Western Union. This representative also indicated that his Facebook friends have also won funds and a fake message was sent as if from a contact. Fortunately the scam was discovered before the funds were sent. Please be careful of these on line scams. They can be very convincing. If you ever have any questions please call us before you ever send any money., FOR  IMMEDIATE  RELEASE

February 4, 2014
Contact:  Chuck Novak
Street Commissioner
City of Cuyahoga Falls
330-971-8030

Cuyahoga Falls Issues Citywide Parking Ban

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Due to the pending snow storm, Mayor Don Walters would like to alert residents and motorists to a citywide parking ban which will be in effect starting at midnight on Tuesday, February 4, 2014 through 8:00 a.m. Thursday, February 6, 2014.  This parking ban could be extended beyond 8:00 a.m. Thursday depending on the length and severity of the snow storm.  The parking ban is needed to assist our street crews in clearing off roadways.  Cars parked on city streets will be ticketed and are subject to towing.

FOR  IMMEDIATE  RELEASE

February 4, 2014
Contact:  Chuck Novak
Street Commissioner
City of Cuyahoga Falls
330-971-8030

Cuyahoga Falls Issues Citywide Parking Ban

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Due to the pending snow storm, Mayor Don Walters would like to alert residents and motorists to a citywide parking ban which will be in effect starting at midnight on Tuesday, February 4, 2014 through 8:00 a.m. Thursday, February 6, 2014.  This parking ban could be extended beyond 8:00 a.m. Thursday depending on the length and severity of the snow storm.  The parking ban is needed to assist our street crews in clearing off roadways.  Cars parked on city streets will be ticketed and are subject to towing., FOR  IMMEDIATE  RELEASE

February 4, 2014
Contact:  Chuck Novak
Street Commissioner
City of Cuyahoga Falls
330-971-8030

Cuyahoga Falls Issues Citywide Parking Ban

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Due to the pending snow storm, Mayor Don Walters would like to alert residents and motorists to a citywide parking ban which will be in effect starting at midnight on Tuesday, February 4, 2014 through 8:00 a.m. Thursday, February 6, 2014.  This parking ban could be extended beyond 8:00 a.m. Thursday depending on the length and severity of the snow storm.  The parking ban is needed to assist our street crews in clearing off roadways.  Cars parked on city streets will be ticketed and are subject to towing., PRESS RELEASE
 
 
On 1/31/14 at approximately 9:00 AM the Cuyahoga Falls Police Detective Bureau and the United States Secret Service executed a search warrant in the 100 block of Filmore Ave. The search warrant was sought after information was provided by the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force indicating that child pornography was being downloaded at the location. As a result of the search, the following individual has been arrested:
 
ARRESTED
 
Jason Alan Clark
Age 29
Cuyahoga Falls OH
 
 
CHARGES
 
Pandering Obscenity Involving a Minor 290732.1 Felony 2
Pandering Sexually Oriented Material Involving a Minor 2907.322 Felony 2
Possessing Criminal Tools 2923.24 Felony 5
Possession of Drugs 2925.11 MM
Drug Paraphernalia 2925.141 MM
 
Additional charges may be pending.  Clark is being held pending arraignment at the Stow Municipal Court., Welcome to our latest officer Zach Denton who was swore in by Mayor Don Walters on Monday 1-27-14., Press Release: 14-1729
 
On 1/25/14 at 7:55 AM, Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to 1185 Cliffside Drive in reference to a report of bullet holes found in an apartment wall. The investigating patrol officers inspected the damage and believed that a round had been fired from an adjoining apartment. Officers made contact with Matthew L. Maerean who resides next to the victim and they found that Mr. Maerean had discharged a single round from a Taurus .38 caliber revolver. Mr. Maerean was arrested and is in the Cuyahoga Falls City Jail awaiting arraignment in Stow Municipal Court on Monday January 27 @ 830AM.
 
 Arrested:
 
Matthew L. Maerean
 
 Charges:
 
Discharging a Weapon into a Habitation (F2)
Discharging a Weapon within the City Limits (M1)
Criminal Endangering (M1), Press Release:

Cuyahoga Falls Issues Citywide Parking Ban 

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio -  Mayor Don Walters would like to alert residents and motorists of a citywide parking ban which will be in effect starting at 10:00 am on Saturday, January 25, 2014 through 10:00 p.m. Sunday, January 26, 2014.  This parking ban could be extended beyond 10:00 p.m. Sunday depending on the length and severity of the snow storm.  The parking ban is needed to assist our street crews in clearing off roadways.  Cars parked on city streets will be ticketed and are subject to towing., Traffic Bulletin:

 Press Release: Accident 2013-1628

 On 1/23/14 at approximately 10:40 pm the Cuyahoga Falls Police and Fire Department were dispatched to an accident on W. Steels Corners Rd, west of O’Neil Rd. It was discovered that a semi and trailer had gone off the north side of the roadway and ended up on its’ left side in a ravine. The trailer was carrying leach water that was to be taken to the water treatment plant in Akron. The driver was not injured and was cited for failure to control his vehicle.

 On 1/24/14 at 4:00 am the police department was notified that the roadway would need to be blocked for approximately 4-5 hours to transfer the contents of the tanker and to remove the truck from the ravine. Cuyahoga Falls Street Department posted signs for road closed at W. Steels Corners Rd. at the intersections of Northampton Rd., O’Neil Rd. and Akron Peninsula Rd. 

 The roadway will remain closed until further notice., No Delay In Sanitation Service Over the Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday


Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio  - Service Director, Eric M. Czetli, announces that there will be no delay in Sanitation Service over the Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday which is observed on Monday, January 20, 2014.  All Cuyahoga Falls customers should follow their normal sanitation schedule.  For additional information on sanitation services or schedules, please log onto www.cityofcf.com or call 330-971-8010.
, PRESS RELEASE 

1/10/14
Report 2014-666

On 1/10/14 at 1016 hours, Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to 1193 Cliffside Drive reference a person trying to gain entrance into an apartment. The female victim reported that the person initially knocked on the door and then tried to gain entrance by sliding an unknown object into the door jamb. The person left after the victim made herself known. Police officers on scene followed some prints that were left in the snow and they led to another apartment in the complex. 

Officers made contact with a suspect, later identified as Todd R. Siciliano, age 35 of Cuyahoga Falls. Mr. Siciliano was arrested for Att. Burglary and he also had three outstanding bench warrants out of Stow Municipal Court and one out of Portage County Ohio for a Probation Violation. He is currently incarcerated in the City Jail awaiting arraignment in the Stow Municipal Court. 

Todd R. Siciliano
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio
Att. Burglary 2923.02 (Felony 5)
Bench Warrants-Stow Muni
Prob. Violation-Portage County, Press Release 2014-0055

On Wednesday night 01/01/2014 at approximately 9:18 pm the Cuyahoga Falls Police K-9 Officer made a traffic stop on a Ford Explorer on 21st Street at Byrd Avenue.  As soon as the Explorer stopped, the passenger in the front passenger seat fled on foot from the vehicle.  The officer immediately ran after the suspect and after a short chase, the officer slipped on some ice and cut his eye. The officer then returned to the stopped vehicle and the driver was detained. The driver was found to be driving while under suspension and Sudafed products were found in the vehicle.  After back up officers arrived, the K-9 tracked the passenger suspect to the back yard of 2524 23rd Street.  The K-9 made the apprehension and the suspect received a dog bite and was taken to Summa Western Reserve Hospital for treatment.

The arresting officer was treated by Falls EMS and was later checked at Summa Western Reserve Hospital for minor injuries sustained from the fall.

Officers on scene found an active meth lab in the rear of the Ford Explorer.

The lab was dismantled by the CFPD Narcotics Unit and the Summit County Drug Task Force.
 
Arrested was: George D. Beech, age 43 of Kent, Ohio

Charged with: Driving Under Suspension (M-1) & Improper Change of Course (MM). 

Arrested was: Mark D. Teets, age 28 of Tallmadge, Ohio

Charged with: Illegal Manufacture of Drugs 2925.04 (Felony of 2nd degree), Illegal Assembly or Possession of Chemicals for Manufacture of Drugs 2925.041 (Felony of 3rd degree), Criminal Tools 2923.24 (Felony of 5th degree), Resisting Arrest 2921.33 (Misdemeanor of 1st degree) and Obstructing Official Business 2921.31 (Misdemeanor of 2nd degree).

George Beech was released. Mark Teets was transported to Summit County Jail and will be video arraigned on 1/2/14 at 11:00 am., Have a fun and safe New Years Eve, and a terrific 2014!!, Congratulations to 24 year veteran of the police department, Gary Merton Jr. He was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant on 12/30/13. Good luck Lt. Merton!!, Cuyahoga Falls Issues Citywide Parking Ban

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Due to the pending snow storm, Mayor Don L. Robart would like to alert residents and motorists to a citywide parking ban which will be in effect starting at noon on Wednesday, January 1, 2014 through 9:00 p.m. Friday, January 3, 2014.  This parking ban could be extended beyond 9:00 p.m. Friday depending on the length and severity of the snow storm.  The parking ban is needed to assist our street crews in clearing off roadways.  Cars parked on city streets will be ticketed and are subject to towing., Congratulations to Officer John Sim. He retired from the police department on 12/27/13 with 33 years of dedicated service to the City of Cuyahoga Falls. Best of Luck John., Congratulations to Lt. Mike Gay. Retiring today after 36 1/2 years in law enforcement. Thanks for your years of dedication to the City of Cuyahoga Falls and the officers under your command., Have a Merry Christmas Everyone!, Thank you citizens of Cuyahoga Falls!  It was an honor and privilege to have served you the past 34 years.  God Bless you all!  Chief Tom Pozza, We would like to thank all the members of the public and our officers for the success of the Toys for Tickets program. This year several hundred toys were donated to the Good Neighbors of Cuyahoga Falls to help with their give a way., Cuyahoga Falls officers once again participated in the Shop with a Cop program on Saturday 12-14-2013. Both the officers and the children reported having a great time. Thanks to all who were involved and donated to the program, On 12/14/13 at approximately 1:00 pm, a black male subject entered the Huntington Bank, 2503 State Rd., and demanded money via a handwritten note. The teller handed over an undisclosed sum of currency and the offender fled northbound on State Rd.
 
At about 1:30 pm, patrol officers of the Cuyahoga Falls Police tracked the subject to Taco Bell, 2618 State Rd., where the subject was arrested without incident. The money was recovered.
 
ARRESTED: Dennis Paul Caffey, age 47, of Akron, Report 13-27063

On 12/7/13 at approximately 3:58 am, a Cuyahoga Falls Patrol Officer came across a suspicious situation in the area of Northaven Bd. and 20th St.  The vehicle appeared to have been trying to elude the officer and quickly pulled into a driveway. One subject left the scene on foot. Three other subjects were detained at the vehicle. As a result of the patrol officer’s investigation, numerous methamphetamine lab components and lab equipment were found inside the passenger compartment and trunk. 

A Cuyahoga Falls Narcotics officer assigned to the Summit County Drug Task Force, came to the scene to dispose of the hazardous chemicals.

The following people were arrested by the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department:

Donald W. Kohut  W/M 24 yoa Akron, Ohio
Dylan M. Rogers W/M 19 yoa Akron, Ohio
Krista M. Gray         W/F 18 yoa              Akron, Ohio

Each of the three suspects was charged with the following:

Illegal Assembly or Possession of Chemical – ORC 2925.041 – a Felony of the 3rd Degree

Illegal Manufacture of Drugs – ORC 2925.04 – a Felony of the 3rd Degree

Possession of Criminal Tools - ORC 2923.24 – a Felony of the 5th Degree

The subjects were transported to Summit County Jail and will be arraigned on 12/9/13., On Thursday 12-05-2013 at approx. 7:25 am a lone male walked into the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department lobby and reported that he had just set off an explosive device in a window well of the United States Post Office located at 2054 2nd Street.

Police Officers responding to the scene did find damage to the window well and a broken window on the rear of the building.  With assistance from the Summit County Sheriff’s Department Bomb Squad the entire Post Office Building and grounds were checked and no additional devices were found.

Subsequent preliminary investigation indicated the suspect acted alone and picked the Post Office at random.   The US Postal Inspectors along Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and Explosives were at the scene and investigating.

State charges were filed against:

Shane M. Fraley age 42 of Cuyahoga Falls

Unlawful Possession and Manufacturing of a Dangerous Ordinance:  Felony 2nd Degree

Arson: Felony 4th Degree

Vandalism:  Felony 5th Degree

Possession of Criminal Tools: Felony 5th Degree 

Fraley will be arraigned at the Stow Municipal Court on 12-05-2013., Congratulations to Sgt. Jim Wray. Retiring after 33 years and 7 months of dedication to the citizens of Cuyahoga Falls. Thanks for your service!, Kilo and Diesel, Press Release 13-26432

On November 27th 2013 at approximately 1005 pm, Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to a robbery at the Subway Restaurant located at 1939 State Rd. Employees at the Subway Restaurant reported that a light skinned black female entered the restaurant, purported to have a weapon, and asked for all the money in the register. No weapon was observed. The employee complied with the suspect’s request, and handed over an undisclosed amount of money to the suspect. The suspect then entered into a white Chevy four door sedan driven by a black male driver, and fled southbound on State Rd. towards Akron.  

The suspect was described as a black female in her early 20s, approximately 5’6” and 200lbs. The suspect was wearing a grey zip up hooded sweatshirt, dark colored pants and a checkered grey and white scarf. 

Anyone with information on the suspects, please contact Cuyahoga Falls Police at 330-971-8333. Case # 2103-26432, Congratulations to Sgt. Chad Johnson on his graduation from Police Executive Leadership  College on Friday., Detectives  Quior and Perella are looking for help in identifying this subject using a stolen credit card. Please call 330 971 8334 with any tips., Press Release:  2013-25841

On Monday, November 18, 2013 at approximately 5:15 pm, the Cuyahoga Falls Police Dispatch Center received a 911 call from one of two employees working at the Pulp Juice and Smoothie Bar at 1210 Bucholzer Boulevard, reporting they had just been robbed. 

A lone Caucasian male described as very tall, early 20’s, walked in demanding money from the register, purposefully showing a firearm in his waistband. The suspect then left the store with an undetermined amount of money, then fled the area south toward Howe Avenue, in a light colored car, possibly a Chevrolet Lumina.

Numerous Cuyahoga Falls Police Officers responded to the area, but were unable to locate the suspect vehicle.

Anyone with information is requested to contact the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department Detective Bureau, 330-971-8334., Looking for information on the identity of this subject for thefts at Sheetz. Please call Det. Perella or Quior with information 330 971 8334, The State of Ohio has revealed a new plan to combat heroin use: http://on.wkyc.com/1b41ErZ

What do you think about the new effort?
, null, Joseph Bitong and Keith Maltby taking the oath of office from Mayor Robart.  Welcome aboard Joe and Keith!, Swearing in two new officers today!  Will introduce them soon., Press Release: 2013-25567

On Friday, 11/15/13 at approximately 5:03 pm, the Cuyahoga Falls Police Dispatch Center received a 911 call from an individual who reported what appeared to be a body lying in or near the Cuyahoga River bank in an area that was later determined to be 50 feet below an observation deck in the Highbridge Glens Park at 1817 Front Street. 

Cuyahoga Falls Police units found the deceased, who was a homeless, 51 year-old white male, from the Summit and Portage County area.

The Cuyahoga Falls Fire Department was needed to extricate the male from the river bank.

A  Summit County Medical Examiner’s Office Investigator was called to the scene and would take possession of the deceased.

The identity of the victim is not being released pending notification of next of kin by the Medical Examiners’ Office.

The Cuyahoga Falls Police and Summit County Medical Examiner’s Office will be conducting a joint investigation into the death of the victim., I saw some questions regarding suspicious activity at Preston School. The only information we have is a black sedan with tinted windows that was parked on Taylor before school on Tuesday. A first grader reported to his teacher that a few days earlier someone in a  car spoke to him. We are doing extra patrols in the area before and after school. If anyone sees the vehicle in the area please contact our dispatch center at 330 928 2181. Capt. Davis, Press Release: 2013-25403

On November 13, 2013 at approximately 6:55 pm, Cuyahoga Falls Police Patrol Officers responded to the area of 10th Street and Jefferson Avenue for a reported robbery.

A 23 year-old Cuyahoga Falls woman was in her car, alone, stopped at a stop sign, when two males stopped in a small silver two door car behind hers. The suspects exited their vehicle and entered the victim's vehicle, striking the victim in the head. They then took her purse and attempted to steal her car key. The victim did not have any visible sign of injury and declined medical treatment.

The suspects then fled the area in their car in an unknown direction.

Both suspects were in their 20’s, one was a Caucasian male wearing a red hat baseball hat backwards, and a black hoodie. The 2nd suspect was described as being of mixed race, very short hair, wearing a blue jacket. Both suspects were wearing blue jeans.

Anyone with information is requested to contact the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department Detective Bureau at 330-971-8334., Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Valerie Wax Carr, Director of Public Service, would like to alert residents and motorists that beginning on Monday November 18, 2013, the S.R. 8 Southbound entrance ramp from Portage Trail will be closed for repairs.  The work should take approximately five (5) days to complete.

Emergency crews have been notified and detour signs will be posted.  During the closure motorists are asked to use the Broad Boulevard S.R. 8 Southbound entrance ramp., We need your help in identifying the subject in this photo. It is in regards to a theft. Call Detective Quior or Perella at 330 971 8334., We're going to do our annual TOYS FOR TICKETS campaign again this year!  All toys collected will go to Cuyahoga Falls Good Neighbors this year to give to our own!, False alarm at Oak Park today.  Suspicious bottle was found in the park that appeared to be expanding. SC bomb squad blasted it with a water cannon. Turned out to be nothing., Congratulations to Officer Brandon Good for being recognized by MADD as a "Top Cop" for his efforts in DUI enforcement!, Cleveland PD located Mr. Cheyfitz in Cleveland. Thanks to all who were keeping an eye out., On 10-23-13 an 81 year old man, Benjamin Cheyfitz, a resident of Cuyahoga Falls has been report missing by his daughter Pamela Maggio. She reported that he left the residence at 2:00pm in his tan 2000 Toyota Corolla, Ohio Registration ATRIC 03. He was released from the hospital recently for Congestive Heart failure, COPD and may be suffering for Dementia. He is described as a white male, 5’8” tall, gray hair, brown eyes wearing glasses. He walks hunchbacked and can only whisper. If located contact the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department at 330-928-2181 or your local police department., We need your help to find this heartless person:

On 10-18-13 at 4:28pm a pedestrian was struck by a passing vehicle while the pedestrian was walking along the edge of Bailey Road heading southbound toward Howe Avenue. Witnesses stated that the suspect vehicle fled the area northbound on Bailey Rd. The witnesses were unsure of the make of the suspect vehicle at the time of the accident. After further investigation it appears that the suspect vehicle is a gold colored SUV possibly a Honda CRV. The pedestrian, a 35 year old female resident of Cuyahoga Falls, was transported to Akron General Hospital by Cuyahoga Falls Fire Paramedics where she was listed in stable condition as of 10-18-13. The Hit Skip accident remains under investigation by the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department., Stow PD is looking for a hit and run driver:

UPDATE ON VEHICLE INVOLVED IN HIT SKIP: October 16th we posted preliminary information on the vehicle believed to be involved in a hit skip accident. After further investigation, the vehicle we are interested in is a Maroon 1997 Jeep Grand Cherokee. There should be damage to the left rear, left side, and the rear windows were broken out. It also appears that both tail lights were broken during the crash. If you have any information about this vehicle, please contact Officer Steve Heim at the Stow Police Department at 330-689-5700., Had a recent rash of thefts from UNLOCKED vehicles.  Please remember to lock your vehicle, at least if it's sitting out all night., Chief's rant:  I know the Brimfield police chief does this once in a while.  Now I know why he does it.  When something that makes you so mad, you just have to let it out.  Well, here it goes:

I've heard recently that there are RUMORS going around town of attempted abductions of kids.  While I know where one source of this non-sense came from and have taken steps to curtail it, I have no idea where the other sources are.  Everyone, listen up!  WE HAVE HAD NO ATTEMPTED ABDUCTIONS OF KIDS, ADULTS, ANIMALS, ANYTHING!  This story has taken a life of it's own and it is starting to tick me off because it is making good people in Cuyahoga Falls panicky.  Councilperson Mary Ellen Pyke and I have been working closely to stem these fabrications, as the story is that these attempted abductions took place in her ward.  I repeat, there have been no such incidents.  If you don't believe me, call the press.  They come into the station daily and read all our reports.  They would report it if it were so.  If you don't believe the press, then call Mrs. Pyke.  She would not lie to you.  If you still don't believe it, then, well, there's nothing more I can say.  
So, if you've heard of anything like this around Redeemer School, St. Josephs School, or any school, it is a not true.  This is a negative aspect of social media.  If anyone EVER has any questions or concerns, please call me, and I will tell you straight up the truth.  Please do that before posting anything on social media. 
Thanks for letting me rant, and thanks for reading this.
Chief Tom Pozza, Yesterday, we caught this young man after he broken into an unoccupied house on 16th St.  Still had the stolen good in his pockets when apprehended.  Good job day shift with some help form the US Marshall fugitive task force and the APD K-9!, Are you going to the first responder appreciation event today? Should be a great time with plenty of things to do including children fingerprinting, a canine demonstration, and much more! Runs 1230 to 6:30 PM tonight, culminating with a concert by country band Buck Naked!  Hope to see you there!, CFPD welcomes new officer Patrick J. Edmonds to the department!  Patrick, an Air Force Veteran, who served three tours overseas, 2 in Kuwait and 1 in Iraq, got sworn in today!  Congrats, Patrick, and WELCOME ABOARD!, null, On September 13th, 2013 at approximately 4:07 am officers responded to 2255 Winter Parkway for a suspicious situation. While on scene, the investigating officers were able to determine that illegal drug activity was taking place in a nearby apartment. 

Narcotics officers from the Cuyahoga Falls police department and the Summit County Drug Task Force responded to assist with the investigation. A search warrant was obtained based on the information received during the investigation. 

Officers executed the search warrant and arrested three occupants for Trafficking in Herion. At the time of the search officers seized approximately 11 grams of Heroin and $11,000.00 dollars in currency. 

The following persons were arrested and charged with Trafficking in Heroin, a felony of the 1st degree. All of the subjects were taken to the Summit County Jail:

Rodrick A. Byrd Jr., 26yr old male, of Detroit, MI.

Nathaniel D. Sanders, 19yr old male, of East Pointe, MI

Matthew F. Swain Jr., 30yr old male, of Cuyahoga Falls, Oh 

The investigation is ongoing and additional charges are expected., We will never forget

60 Police Officers and 343 Fire Fighters 
 
12 years ago

REST IN PEACE, Chief Pozza greeting Avery, Summit Co. Prosecutor Sherri Bevan Walsh's newest staff member.  Avery is trained to comfort both child and adult victims of crimes when they have to come to court to testify.  Great program, thanks Sherri!, PRESS RELEASE 

9/8/13
Report 2013-20078

On 9/08/13 at 0442 hours, Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to the 1500 block of 10th St. in reference to a burglary. The female victim reported that a known male broke into her residence through a basement window. The victim was awakened by the male in her bedroom. 

Officers responded to the 2500 block of 23rd St. and found the suspect at his residence. Craig W. Fritsch, 35 years of age, was observed by officers wielding a firearm in his living room. After some negotiations, Fritsch gave himself up without incident.

Craig Fritsch was arrested for Burglary, Sexual Imposition and Criminal Damaging.

The victim asks for privacy and does not wish to be identified., On 9/08/13 at 0519 hrs, Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to a 3rd St. residence reference a reported robbery. The female victim reported a known male assailant broke into her residence through a side door, made death threats and assaulted her to the point where she lost consciousness. She was tied up and several of her belongings were removed. The victim was transported to a local hospital where she is recovering from her injuries. Her condition is unknown.

The suspect, later identified as Alexander P. Cooper, age 18 of Cuyahoga Falls, was apprehended by Stow Police a short time afterward. He is currently incarcerated in the City Jail awaiting arraignment in the Stow Municipal Court on the following charges:

1) Attempted Aggravated Murder
2) Kidnapping
3) Aggravated Robbery
4) Aggravated Burglary, PRESS RELEASE 

Report 13-19963

On 9/6/13 at 2249 hours Cuyahoga Falls Police conducted a traffic stop in the area of State Rd. and Portage Tr. During the traffic stop, K-9 Diesel alerted to the vehicle and the vehicle was searched. Inside the vehicle an officer found methamphetamine, a used hypodermic needle and Wal-Itin D. The driver and passenger were arrested on drug charges. Through further investigation, officers obtained information that there were chemicals and/or methamphetamine labs at 672 S. Elm Ave. in Tallmadge and on a property at E. Steels Corners Rd and Windham Ridge Dr. in Stow. Those police agencies were notified and discovered the information to be accurate. 

Charges were filed on the driver and passenger of the vehicle. 

Corey J. Seal
22 yr. old of Tallmadge, Ohio
Drug Abuse 2925.11  Felony of the 5th Degree
Illegal Assembly/ Chemicals for Manufacture 2925.041  Felony of the 3rd Degree

Jason A. Wolfe
30 yr. old of Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio
Drug Abuse Instruments 2925.12  Misdemeanor of the 1st Degree
Illegal Assembly/ Chemicals for Manufacture 2925.041  Felony of the 3rd Degree, PRESS RELEASE 

On September 5, 2013 at 0827hrs Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to a reported burglary in progress in the 500 block of W. Steels Corners Rd. Upon arrival, responding officers discovered that a male subject, who was still on the property had entered an unattached garage and had also tried to enter the residence by breaking out a window.  The male was arrested and charged with Burglary and B&E.


				Arrested Person & Charges

				Christopher A. Cannady
					Age: 46
				         Akron, Ohio

				    Burglary 2911.12 
				    B&E       2911.13 F5


Christopher A. Cannady was arraigned at Stow Municipal Court on the above charges. Bond was set at $100,000 – 10%.  Mr. Cannady is currently being held at the Summit County Jail., Press Release: 13-19068

On Tuesday night 8/27/13 at 11:37pm  Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to 424 Portage Trail,  Family Treasures, on a call of a Breaking & Entering in progress with additional information that the suspects got into a dark colored van and fled north on 6th Street from Portage Trail.  Within approximately 10 minutes, officers found the suspect vehicle parked in a driveway at 143 Hayes Avenue.  A short time later, officers arrested 2 males in connection with the breaking & entering and recovered a large amount of jewelry at the Hayes Avenue address that had been stolen from the jewelry store.

Arrested were Jerry Torres and his brother Stephen Torres of Cuyahoga Falls.  Both were charged with Breaking & Entering, ORC 2911.13, a Fifth Degree Felony.  Both will be arraigned in the Stow Muni Court on Wednesday 8/28/13 at 10:30am., Thank you Graham Rd Baptist Church for the recognition!  It is an honor and privilege to serve the community., Travis E. Washington locked up now for the robbery of Subway and attempted robbery of Payless on State Rd.  Good work Troops!, Welcome aboard to Officer Anthony Palcisko Jr., CFPD's newest police officer.  Shown is Mayor Don Robart administering the oath of office to Officer Palcisko., Press Release: 13-18379

On Monday August 19, 2013 at approximately 4:19 pm, a lone black male entered the Payless Shoe Store at 1963 State Rd., making threats to the lone female clerk for money from the cash register. When the suspect became aware that the clerk set off an alarm, he walked out of the store without any money. The suspect was apprehended by Cuyahoga Falls Police patrol officers as he walked down the street. The clerk was not injured, nor was any weapon seen or purported by the suspect.

Travis E. Washington, 40 years of age of York Street in Akron was charged with Felony 3 Attempted Robbery and Felony 3 Obstruction of Justice as he gave a fictitious name to conceal the fact that the Akron Police Department had a Felony Robbery Warrant for his arrest.

Washington was transported to the Summit County Jail pending video arraignment on 8/20/2013.
., Press Release: 13-18216

On 8-17-13 at 1713 hours officers responded to the Subway restaurant at 1939 State Rd. reference a robbery. The manager of Subway reported that a 5’ 9” medium build black male approx. 25-35 years of age entered the store and after ordering a sandwich demanded the money in the register. The black male fled on foot with an undetermined amount of money. The matter remains under investigation by the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department., Our new Ford Taurus's are in!  What do you think?, On Saturday July 27,2013 I had the honor of attending the plaque dedication at the Massilon Justice Center for Daniel Crabtree and other war heroes.  Dan was an officer for Cuyahoga Falls before being killed by an IED in Iraq. Please keep all of our military families in your thoughts. Capt. Davis, On 7/25/13 at about 9:45 AM the Cuyahoga Falls Police Narcotics Unit and the Summit County Drug Unit executed a search warrant in the 2400 block of 4th St.. As a result of the search and investigation (4) persons have been charged at this time.
 
Michael Childs, male, Cuyahoga Falls resident
Age 20
CHARGES
Illegal Assembly/Possession of Chemicals for Manufacture Drugs 2925.041 Felony 2
 
Tyler Vaughan, male, Akron resident
Age 20
CHARGES
Illegal Assembly/Possession of Chemicals for Manufacture Drugs 2925.041 Felony 2
 
 
Sunshine Contrascier, female, Munroe Falls resident
Age 30
CHARGES
Illegal Assembly/Possession of Chemicals for Manufacture Drugs 2925.041 Felony 2
 
Nicholas Kline, male, Cuyahoga Falls resident
Age 35
CHARGES
Illegal Manufacture of Drugs 2925.04 Felony 1
 
 
As a result of the search and investigation, a 5 year old juvenile was taken from the home and turned over to the custody of Children’s Services. The investigation is ongoing and additional charges are expected. All parties were transported to the Summit County Jail., On 7/16/13 at approximately 8:30am, the CFPD Narcotics Unit executed a search warrant in the 3000 block of Haggarty Way.  The search yielded drugs and drug paraphernalia, and a .380 Ruger handgun.  Arrested:  Joseph P. Collins, age 33, and George R. Collins IV, age 35.  Both are charged with Trafficking in Drugs, Possession of Drugs, both felonies, Drug Abuse Instruments and Drug Paraphernalia, both misdemeanors., On Monday at 9:45 a.m., the Cuyahoga Falls Police Narcotics Unit and the Summit County Drug Unit arrested six Cuyahoga Falls residents after executing a search warrant in the 300 block of Washington Avenue.

As a result of the search and investigation, a 7-year-old child was taken from the home and turned over to Summit County Children's Services, according to Cuyahoga Falls Police Sgt. James Singleton. 

Joshua D. Humphrey and Nicole M. Humphrey, both 32, were charged with drug abuse, a fifth-degree felony; drug paraphernalia, a fourth-degree misdemeanor; drug abuse instruments, a second-degree misdemeanor; and endangering children, a first-degree misdemeanor. 
Jessica M. Hudak, 18, was charged with drug abuse, drug paraphernalia, and drug abuse instruments. 
Roger L. Rader, 19, and Gregory D. Kirby, 26, were charged with drug abuse.
Michael Hudak Sr., 56, was charged with permitting drug abuse, a first-degree misdemeanor. 
Joshua and Nicole Humphrey, Hudak, Rader and Kirby were taken to Summit County Jail.
Hudak Sr. was taken to Cuyahoga Falls Jail, since he only faces a misdemeanor charge., Press Release 13-14838

On 7/9/13 at 1055 a.m. hours, an employee of the Economy Inn at 1070 Graham Rd. reported that a male attempted to rob the business. The suspect was described as black male with a beard, approximately 6’, 180 lbs. dressed in a blue T-shirt and jeans. The suspect walked into the lobby waving a handgun and demanded money from the employee. She then locked herself in an office and the subject fled. No money was actually taken in the theft attempt. The surrounding area was searched by officers and a Stow PD's K9 unit.

A dark blue newer model Chevrolet Malibu with a b/m driver was seen leaving the area eastbound on Graham Rd. 

The incident is still under investigation., Shane E. Bowlin to be charged federally with our PNC Bank Robbery.  Also responsible for a bank robbery in Delaware County, Ohio and in Michigan.  Good work detectives!!, On Saturday June 29, 2013 at 901AM Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to a robbery at the PNC Bank located at 2150 State Rd. The employees at the bank report that an unknown white male came into the bank where he presented a note to the teller advising her that this was a robbery and that he had a weapon. The clerk did not see a weapon. The suspect then left with an undisclosed sum of money. The suspect fled the bank on foot towards State Rd.
 
Suspect is described as being a W/M, 20-30 years old, approx 6’00”, med build with a shaved head. He was wearing a dark blue T-shirt with red print on the front and lime green writing on the back with blue jeans.
 
The incident is under investigation by the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department and the FBI., null, I had the honor this morning of Deputizing future CFPD Officer Everett!  I can rest a lot easier knowing that he is on patrol in his neighborhood!  Thank you Mr. and Mrs. Carder, you have a great son there!  Chief Pozza, A big Thank You to Valley Savings Bank for sponsoring the CFPD in the Law Enforcement Torch Run!, Members of CFPD, along with Mayor Don L. Robart and Tallmadge P.D. and Silver Lake P.D, participate yesterday in the 2013 Law Enforcement Torch Run to raise money for the Special Olympics.  We ran from Adell Durbin Park in Stow, up Rt 91, and ended at Weaver School and Workshop.  Was great to run for a good cause!!, Press Release:  2013-13733

On 6/26/13 at 2:19 PM Cuyahoga Falls Police Patrol units responded to a call of a female discarding suspicious items in the west alley near Marcia Ave. Police found items used in the manufacture of methamphetamine. After interviewing two suspected parties, the Cuyahoga Falls Police Narcotics Unit along with the Summit County Drug Unit executed a search warrant in the 2000 block of 23rd St. As a result of the search warrant, Gemma Matthews and Bryan Sandella have been arrested.

ARRESTED

Bryan P. Sandella
Cuyahoga Falls OH
Age 29

Illegal Manufacture of Drug 2925.04 Felony 1
Illegal Assembly of Chemicals 2925.041 Felony 2
Endangering Children 2919.22 Felony 3

Gemma Matthews
Cuyahoga Falls OH
Age 27

Illegal Manufacture of Drugs 2925.04 Felony 1
Illegal Assembly of Chemicals 2925.041 Felony 2
Endangering Children 2919.22 Felony 3

The Endangering Children charge stems from a juvenile who was present in the residence when officers arrived. The juvenile was turned over to the other parent who resided elsewhere. Sandella and Matthews were both booked into the Summit County Jail pending their first court appearance. The residence in question has been placarded as un-inhabitable and will be inspected per City Ordinance before being cleared for further habitation at the property owner’s expense. The Hazardous waste found was removed from the scene by a hazardous waste disposal contractor., On Tuesday 6/25/2013 at 422 pm Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to a robbery at the Payless Shoe Store located at 1963 State Rd. The employees working at the Payless Store reported that a black male wearing a red shoulder length wig approximately 20-25 years old entered the business and demanded the money from the cash register. The suspect did not advise that he had a weapon, and no weapon was observed. The suspect fled on foot with an undisclosed amount of cash and was last observed running eastbound on Broad Blvd from State Rd.
 
The suspect was described as a black male in his early 20s, approximately 5’10” 125-150 lbs wearing a shoulder length red wig, a white t-shirt and black pants.  Anyone with information should call crimestoppers at 330-434-COPS or the detective bureau at 330-971-8334. Your tip could lead to a nice reward!, We caught a couple kids The other night stealing from UNLOCKED cars.  Please lock your cars if parked outside., PRESS RELEASE

Theresa M. Karm, age 54 of Tallmadge, was charged this morning by the Cuyahoga Falls Police with one count of felony theft and one count of theft in office, both felonies of the 3rd degree.  The charges stem from a three month investigation into missing money from the Cuyahoga Falls Library.

It is alleged that since 2007, Karm has embezzled nearly $350,000 while working at the library as it’s Fiscal Officer.  

Karm turned herself into authorities today and was arraigned in Stow Municipal Court.  Karm posted bond of 10% of $100,000 and was released.  

Chief Tom Pozza, CFPD, A 3-year-old child was rescued from a suspected drug house in the 700 block of Hollywood Avenue on Saturday. 

Police stormed the house after receiving a tip to check on the welfare of the child.

Once inside, they found multiple suspects, heroin and marijuana.

Three of the four adults who resided in the home – Debra Kolonair, 50, Jessica Kolonair, 25, and Kevin Kolonair, 28 – were charged with felony drug possession and misdemeanor possession of drug abuse instruments, possession of drug paraphernalia and child endangering.

Barbara Wilfred, 31, of Bailey Road, was charged with identity fraud, obstructing official business and was also taken in due to two outstanding warrants.

The group is scheduled to appear in Stow Municipal Court on Monday. 

Officers uncovered further drug-related evidence after obtaining a search warrant., Want one of these?  CFPD and Dairy Queen have teamed up to encourage kids to be safe.  If an officer sees a kid displaying safe bicycle or pedestrian safety, the kid may get a "ticket" for a free ice cream cone at Dairy Queen!  To all CF youth, HAVE A SAFE SUMMER (and you may get a free treat)!!!!!, Three juveniles will be charged today with damaging or destroying grave markers in Oakwood Cemetery.

Cuyahoga Falls Police Chief Tom Pozza said the boys, ages 15 to 17, will be charged in Summit County Juvenile Court.

The 17-year-old faces three counts of felony vandalism; a 16-year-old will be charged with one count; and the 15-year-old with two counts of felony vandalism.

The older boy also is charged with receiving stolen property from a previous incident.

Pozza said the majority of the 60 headstones were toppled, not smashed or damaged, between March 30 and April 16.

“The detectives spoke with all three, who gave confessions,” Pozza said.

The suspects’ identifications were determined through tips and the police investigation, he said., Press Release: 2013-12938

On 6/16/2013 at approximately 730pm Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to an accident involving one car and two pedestrians on Bath Rd near Keyser Parkway. A vehicle traveling westbound on Bath Rd near Keyser Parkway struck an adult and a small child on the roadway. The adult was transported to Akron City Hospital, and the child was transported to Akron Children’s Hospital. Both pedestrians appear to have sustained non-life threatening injuries. 

The accident is currently under investigation by the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department., Press Release 13-12250

On 6/8/13 at 0935 hours a Cuyahoga Falls Police Officer, while engaged in the department’s overtime traffic enforcement detail, stopped a car for speeding on SR8 near Broad Blvd., and discovered evidence of the production of methamphetamine. Questioning of the four occupants resulted in the discovery of active “meth labs” in another car as well as in a home by the Akron Police.

The arrested subjects are:

1) Sara A. Smith, age 20, of Akron, charged with:
  a.  Poss. Of Marijuana
  b.  Poss. Of Components to Manufacture Meth
2) Taylor L. Jarvis, age 19, of Akron, charged with:
  a.  Poss. Of Components to Manufacture Meth
  b.  Obstructing Official Business (lied about his identity)
3) Dalton Cramer, age 20, of Stow, charged with:
  a. Poss. Of Components to Manufacture Meth
  b. Vandalism (kicked out the window of a holding room at  the police station)
4) Jerry D. Backus, age 22, of Akron, charged with:
  a. Poss. Of Components to Manufacture Meth
  b. Speed (81/55)
  c. Driving under suspension

Additional charges are being filed by the Akron Police with respect to the labs found in their jurisdiction. All four subjects were transported to the Summit County Jail., 2013-11955

Press Release

On Wednesday June 5th, 2013 at 3:36am a 38-year-old Cuyahoga Falls resident was traveling westbound on Portage Trail just west of 5th Street when he lost control of his motorcycle for some unknown reason, and went off the right side of the roadway and struck a utility pole.  At the time of the crash, a Cuyahoga Falls Police Officer was a block away and witnessed the crash and immediately called for the Cuyahoga Falls Fire Department. The Cuyahoga Falls Fire Department transported the cyclist to Akron City Hospital with life threatening injuries. 

The accident is being investigated by the Summit Metro Crash Team. Portage Trail was closed between 6th Street and 5th Street for approximately two hours. The roadway is currently open to all traffic., Congratulations to Officer Bob Schmidt, honored by the Optimist Club as "Officer of Year"!, Police Memorial service scheduled for Wednesday May 15, 10:00 am, at the Memorial located in between City Hall and the Natatorium. All are invited with refreshments served afterwards., Press Release

The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department has charged ALLEN L. SALTER in connection with the armed robbery that occurred on 04/15/13 at 1061 Clyde Ave. in Cuyahoga Falls.

On 4/15/13 at approximately 1249am a couple of suspects entered the residence of 1061 Clyde Ave. The suspects pointed a handgun at the occupants and took property and cash from them.

Detectives identified one of the... suspects involved in the incident as ALLEN L. SALTER. SALTER voluntarily came to the police station and was then arrested. 

The investigation is ongoing.

Arrested:
Allen L. Salter, 23yrs old, of Akron, Ohio

Charge: 
Aggravated Robbery
A Felony of the 1st degree

SALTER is currently being held in the Summit Co. Jail., PRESS RELEASE 
13-6525

On 3/29/13 at approximately 8:00 AM the Cuyahoga Falls Police Detective Bureau executed a search warrant in the 2600 block of 3rd St. Detectives had information from the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force, which indicated that child pornography was being downloaded at that location. At the time of the warrant, Eric F. Mcbride was taken into custody when he was found at the location. 

ARRESTED

Eric F. McBride
Age 43
Cuyahoga Falls OH

Pandering Obscenity Involving a Minor (2cts)
Ohio Revised Code 2907.321 Felony 2

McBride was booked into the Summit County Jail pending his arraignment on Monday 4/1/13. 

A large amount of evidence was collected during the search and further charges are possible after Detectives review the evidence., Congratulations to School Resource Officer Ed Dennis, recipient of the 2013 6th District Educational Compact CARE award from Cuyahoga Falls City Schools.  Shown is Chief Pozza congratulating Officer Dennis with his award., Last weekend, vandals overturned about 40 gravestones in the Oakwood Cemetary.  If you have any information, call CRIMESTOPPERS at 330-434-COPS.  If your tip leads to an arrest, Crimestoppers will pay you a reward and the City of Cuyahoga Falls will DOUBLE it!!, UPDATE:  State Rd. BOTH DIRECTIONS are now open.  Thank you for your tolerance of this situation., UPDATE:  State Rd. SOUTHBOUND ONLY has just been opened up to traffic at the accident scene., Avoid State Rd at Seasons for a major traffic accident.  Summit County Metro Crash team on scene, road will be closed for a while., http://www.fallsnewspress.com/news%20local/2013/03/04/cuyahoga-falls-police-officer-postman-will-be-honored-by-red-cross-thursday.modal, http://cuyahogafalls.patch.com/articles/cuyahoga-falls-police-officer-gets-night-to-remember-with-the-cavs-pic-of-the-day#photo-13684247, Late last night, the principal of Cuyahoga Falls High School, received a bomb threat via email.  The email specified that an explosive device was scheduled to detonate at the high school at an unspecified time on March 8.  After the decision by Dr. Todd Nichols, district superintendent, to close the school for the day, school personnel and law enforcement conducted a search of the building.  The Summit County Sheriff also assisted with a bomb sniffing dog to assist in the search.  Nothing suspicious was located.  An investigation has been launched by CFPD, in conjunction with Federal authorities., Press Releas 13-4372

On 3/1/13 at approximately 0048 hours the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department responded to 1850 2nd St. in reference to a suspicious situation. After arriving on scene officers discovered a man with severe facial injuries covered in blood. The 63 year-old resident had been assaulted and Cuyahoga Falls EMS was called. The victim reported that a known male, Neil Redington, had beaten and kicked him when the victim told him to leave the apartment. EMS transported the victim to Akron City Hospital.

Officers found the other male, with blood on his hands and shoes, walking in the apartment building. That 60 year-old Stow resident was identified as Neil Redington. Redington was taken into custody and charged with Felonious Assault, ORC 2903.11, a Felony of the 2nd degree. He is being held in the Cuyahoga Falls Jail until his initial appearance at 0830 hours., On 2/24/13 the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department responded to a report of a robbery at the Huntington Bank located within the Giant Eagle store, 230 Howe Rd. at around 10:00 AM. The suspect, a white male in his 40’s, presented a note to the teller demanding money. The suspect left with an undisclosed sum. No weapon was seen. The suspect fled on foot.

The incident remains under investigation., On 2-9-2013 at approximately 8:05 pm, Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to the area of Howe Ave and State Route 8 for a call of debris falling from the railroad crossing bridge located overtop of Howe Ave. When officers arrived they discovered several small wooden logs, and chunks of concrete on Howe Ave that had been thrown from the railroad bridge overpass located directly above the roadway. The largest item thrown from the bridge onto Howe Ave was a piece of concrete approximately 18” in diameter and weighing approximately 50 pounds. At least one vehicle was struck by a softball size piece of concrete and sustained minor damage to the hood of the vehicle.    

Officers checked the area of the incident and discovered three juveniles riding bicycles. The juveniles were stopped and questioned about the items thrown from the railroad bridge at vehicles on Howe Ave. All three juveniles admitted that they had participated in throwing items from the bridge at cars traveling on Howe Ave.    

The juveniles, ages 11, 11 and 14, were all charged with:

Vehicular Vandalism O.R.C. 2909.09 Misdemeanor of the First Degree
Criminal Damaging   O.R.C. 2909.06 Misdemeanor of the Second Degree
Criminal Trespassing O.R.C. 2911.21 Misdemeanor of the Fourth Degree, After a lengthy investigation by the Cuyahoga Falls Police Detective Bureau into numerous thefts from motor vehicles (2) arrests have been made. The thefts included 2 handguns, 2 rifles and a large amount of ammunition, cash, jewelry, credit cards, laptop computers and GPS devices. Theses thefts occurred over a several month period from numerous victims. Some of the stolen property has been recovered to include the 2 rifles.  The 2 handguns are still unaccounted for., A snow parking ban is in effect until 8 am Saturday morning - 1/26/13., A BOIL ALERT has been issued for Broad Blvd between 10th St and 11th St until Sunday, January 27, 2013 until 9 a.m. To ensure safety, please boil your water for a minimum of two minutes., Press Release from 1/17/13:
13-1149

The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department took a report of sexual assault and domestic violence in which the victim reported that the suspect had used a handgun to threaten the victim

The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department Detective Bureau did obtain a search warrant for the suspects home. 

Based on the information provided by the victim it was decided that the CFPD Swat team would by used for the entry into the home and arrest of the suspect.

Upon entry into the home it was found that no one was in the house. The search warrant was executed and detectives seized evidence from the home. While on scene the suspect drove up and was taken into custody by Patrol officers without incident.

Arrested:
Brandon J. Richards, 23yrs old, of Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio

Charge(s): 
Domestic Violence, A felony of the fourth degree
Trafficking in Marijuana,a felony of the fifth degree

**The investigation is ongoing and additional charges may be filed in the future., On 1/15/13 at approx 2:45 PM the Cuyahoga Falls Police Narcotics Unit with the assistance of the US Marshals Task Force and the Summit County Drug Unit executed a search warrant at 306 Kathron Ave. The search warrant was gained after an investigation showed that Kevin Matheny was trafficking in Heroin out of the residence. Along with the search warrant, police also had a signed arrest warrant for Matheny for trafficking in heroin. Matheny was not initially at the residence, but did return home while police were on scene. He arrived with Joshua Swigart. Upon taking Matheny into custody on the warrant more narcotics and drug paraphernalia were found in the vehicle he arrived in leading to charges against Swigart also., https://cfo.cityofcf.com/web/departments/human-resources/jobs/police-officer-0, Congratulations to our K-9 supervisor/trainer, Perry Tabak, promoted to the rank of Lieutenant today.  Good luck Lt. Tabak!, Want to be a Cuyahoga Falls crime fighter?  Entry Civil Service exam scheduled for Feb 19, 6pm at Falls High. More info to follow once the test is "officially posted"., null, Press Release 12-28176

On 12-29-2012 at 1012 PM Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to a Domestic Violence call in the 2300 block of High St. Officers discovered that the female victim had engaged in a verbal argument with her live-in boyfriend David P. Seitz II that escalated to the point that Seitz had attempted to kill the victim.   

David P. Seitz II allegedly loaded a rifle kept inside the residence and threatened to kill both the victim and himself. Seitz fired six rounds from the rifle inside the residence as the two struggled for control of the weapon. The victim also claimed that she was choked and assaulted during the incident. Both the victim and Seitz suffered minor injuries.

David P. Seitz II was arrested at the scene and booked at the Summit County Jail.     
     
27-year-old Cuyahoga Falls resident David P. Seitz II was charged with the following:

Attempted Murder ORC 2923.02 Felony of the First Degree
Felonious Assault ORC 2903.11 Felony of the First Degree
Aggravated Menacing ORC 2903.21Misdemeanor of the First Degree
Domestic Violence ORC 2919.25 Misdemeanor of the First Degree
Weapons While Intoxicated ORC 2923.15 M1
Discharging a Firearm into a Habitation ORC 2923.161 Felony of the Second Degree   
Discharging Firearms in City Limits 549.08 Misdemeanor of the First Degree, Cuyahoga Falls Issues Citywide Parking Ban
Mayor Robart would like to alert residents and motorists to a citywide parking ban in effect starting at 12:00 noon today, December 29, 2012 until 8:00 a.m. Sunday, December 30, 2012.  The parking ban is needed to assist our street crews in clearing off roadways.  Cars parked on city streets will be ticketed and are subject to towing., Press Release 12-28098

On 12-28-12 @ 1854 hrs. Cuyahoga Falls Police and Fire Department units responded to a car/pedestrian accident on Howe Avenue near Ritchie Street. A 22-year-old male was struck by a motor vehicle while crossing Howe Avenue outside of a crosswalk. Cuyahoga Falls Paramedics transported the 22-year-old male pedestrian to Akron City Hospital where he is listed in serious but stable condition. The accident remains under investigation by the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department., PRESS RELEASE 
12-28013

On 12/27/12 at approx. 8:06 AM the Cuyahoga Falls Fire Department was dispatched to a residential fire in the 900 block of Magnolia Ave. Upon arrival they found two males on scene later identified as Todd M. James and Leo C. Statler II attempting to put out a fire in an attached garage. The 86-year-old female homeowner was also present sleeping in the residence. The Fire Dept. called for police assistance when the resident started causing problems. When patrol officers arrive they immediately recognized the fire as having started as the result of a methamphetamine lab explosion. The fire was extinguished by the fire department with no reported injuries and they immediately requested police assistance. 

The Cuyahoga Falls Police Narcotics Unit with assistance from the Summit County Drug Unit responded to process the scene. A hazardous waste disposal contractor was dispatched to the scene to clean up chemicals used in the production of methamphetamine. As a result of the investigation, the two males found on scene were arrested and both charged with the same offenses and transported to the County Jail. 

ARRESTED

Todd M. James
Cuy. Falls OH
Age 54

Leo C. Stalter II
Tallmadge OH
Age27

Aggravated Arson 2909.02 Felony 1
Illegal Manufacturing of Drugs 2925.04 Felony 2
Illegal Assembly of Chemicals 2925.041 Felony 3
Possession of Criminal Tools 2923.24 Felony 5
Drug Paraphernalia 2925.14 Misdemeanor 4, Merry Christmas to all!  Hope you all have a safe and healthy new year. It was an honor and a privilege to have served you in 2012 and I look forward to continue in 2013!  Chief Pozza, With snow on the way, just a reminder to adhere to any snow parking bans.  This helps our street dept. to plow snow faster and more efficiently.  It may also save you a parking ticket :), Overnight, we had more than a few cars rifled through.  Please, people, LOCK YOUR CARS!, PRESS RELEASE

12-26565

On 12/7/12 at approx 11:47 AM Cuyahoga Falls Police Patrol units responded to 2522 State Rd #2 for a report of a Burglary in progress. A male suspect was allegedly attempting to enter the apartment through a window. Patrol units were able to conduct an initial investigation and conclude no Burglary was taking place but that narcotics activity was involved. The Cuyahoga Falls Police Narcotics unit was able to obtain a search warrant for the residence and executed it later in the day. Items indicating that the residence was being used in the production of methamphetamine were found during the search. At this time the following male suspect who was already in custody of the patrol units on outstanding arrest warrants was also charged with additional drug related charges.

ARRESTED

Joshua T. Rix
Age 29
Akron OH

Illegal assembly of chemicals for the manufacture of drugs 2925.041 Felony 2

Rix was booked into the Cuyahoga Falls city jail pending his court appearance. The Narcotics unit is further evaluating the evidence seized during the search and further charges are expected against other suspects., Our hearts and prayers go out to all the affected people in Connecticut., Ref. the Hungry Howies robbery, we're looking for a 2005 Maroon Chevy Impala with New York Plates that may possibly be involved., Press Release:  2012-26246

On Monday, December 03, 2012 at approximately 8:00pm, Cuyahoga Falls Police Patrol Officers responded to a reported robbery at the Hungry Howie’s Pizza in the 2400 block of State Road. 

It was determined a lone black male suspect entered the business brandishing a hand gun, demanding money, then fled the store with an undetermined amount of money.

The 3 employees present at the time of the robbery were unharmed.

A Munroe Falls Police K-9 Officer assisted the Cuyahoga Falls Police.

Anyone with information is requested to contact the Cuyahoga Falls Police Detective Bureau at: 330-971-8334, PRESS RELEASE:  Mayor Don L. Robart announces the start of the 5th Annual Trade A Ticket For a Toy Donation program with the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department this holiday season.  Citizens will have the opportunity to trade a traffic warning for a toy donation to Toys for Tots.  Over the next two weeks, CFPD officers will issue "toy waivers" to replace a typical warning received for a MINOR traffic case.  The toy waiver will encourage the minor traffic violator to donate a new, unwrapped toy to Toys for Tots.  The driver will be told that the toy can be dropped off at the Cuyahoga Falls Police Dept. between Dec. 2 and Dec. 15, 2012.  Mayor Robart stated, "in the spirit of the holiday season, I hope that the donated toys will have a positive and lasting impact on the children of our community and the drivers who are saved more than a few dollars in fines and court costs."  For additional information, please call the Chief of Police at 330-971-8300., The annual "Toy for a ticket" campaign to be kicked off shortly.  Stay tuned for more info!, Press Release 12-25594:

On Friday 11/23/2012 at 1152pm Cuyahoga Falls Police responded at an Attempted Robbery at the Pizza Hut located at 2893 State Rd in Cuyahoga Falls. While the manager of Pizza Hut and two other employees were standing outside the back door taking a smoke break, one of the employees was grabbed around the neck from behind by one of two suspects and told to get down. Both suspects were black males in their late teens to early twenties, and both were wearing bandanas over their faces. One of the suspects was holding a silver handgun. The manager was able to get back in the rear door of the business and secure the door behind her. The two suspects told the two remaining employees to open the rear door of Pizza Hut. The employees told the suspects that they could not open the rear door, and at that point the two suspects fled on foot.

None of the Pizza Hut employees were injured and nothing was stolen from the business.

Anyone with information please contact the Cuyahoga Falls Police Detective Bureau at 330-971-8334. Cuyahoga Falls Police Report #12-25594., Happy Thanksgiving from the CFPD. Have an enjoyable and safe holiday., PRESS RELEASE 

12-25105

On the morning of 11/17/12 the owners of Georgio’s Pizza 2772 Front St. in Cuyahoga Falls opened their business to find that there had been a Breaking and Entering of the business. They reported a safe and cash had been removed. After an investigation by the Cuyahoga Falls Police Detective Bureau a suspect was identified. Detectives acquired an arrest warrant for Eric N. Fisher of Cuyahoga Falls and a search warrant for his residence on Madison Ave. in Cuyahoga Falls. 

On the morning of 11/21/12 detectives executed the search warrant at the Madison Ave location and took Fisher into custody after locating him at another location within the city of Cuyahoga Falls. After booking, Fisher was transported to the Summit County Jail where he will be held until his arraignment at Stow Municipal Court on Monday 11/26/12. Detectives are evaluating the evidence collected during the search of Fisher’s residence and the investigation is still ongoing with further charges possible. 

ARRESTED

Eric N. Fisher
Age 35
Cuyahoga Falls Ohio

Breaking and Entering 2911.13 Felony 5, Press Release 2012-23132

On Thursday morning November 1st, 2012 at 4:00am, Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to 3132 Akron Peninsula Road in Cuyahoga Falls on a call of a burglary in progress and that the homeowner had run out into the front yard to wait for help.  Upon arrival of Police, the homeowner Edward Grether, was found in the front yard.  Grether reported to Police Officers that he had been asleep in his bed when he was woken up by loud banging sounds.  Grether got up and walked to his kitchen and saw a male breaking in through his south side kitchen door.  As the suspect was entering the house, Grether ran out his front east side door and called Police.  When Police arrived on scene, they found the south side kitchen door window kicked in.  Police went inside and found the suspect asleep in the homeowner’s bed.  As officers attempted to arrest the suspect, the suspect awoke and started fighting with the officers at which time, an officer tasered the suspect.  The suspect was then taken into custody and identified as 22-year-old Jacob S. Parker of Akron, Ohio.

Edward Grether had no idea who the suspect was and never saw the male before.

Police also found a 2001 Mercury Cougar in the driveway of 3132 Akron Peninsula Road with the door standing wide open, which had been driven by the suspect to the house.  Inside the car was a purse, keys and a cell phone belonging to an adult female of Akron, who was the suspect’s girlfriend and she was nowhere to be found.

Cuyahoga Falls Police along with Akron Police ended up at Nicole Matthew’s apartment in the Timber Top development in North Hill Akron to do a welfare check on her.  Police did find the 21-year-old in her apartment and she was unresponsive.  She was found extremely intoxicated and she eventually woke up as she was being checked out by Cuyahoga Falls EMS.

Jacob S. Parker was charged with Burglary, a fourth-degree felony as well as Resisting Arrest, a second-degree misdemeanor.  Parker will be arraigned this morning at approximately 8:30am at the Stow Municipal Court., Congratulations to Officer Karla Rich for receiving the 2012 Mothers Against Drunk Driving Award. She was recognized for her commitment to apprehending and convicting impaired drivers. Good Job Officer Rich., Attorney General Conference:  Officers Joel Moledor and Ted Davis after being recognized for their act of bravery., PRESS RELEASE 
On 10/20/12 at approximately 230pm Patrol Officers responded to the 1100 block of Washington Ave. to assist the Fire Dept. with a disorderly patient. 

After arriving the officers on scene paramedics advised that there appeared to be bomb-making material in the residence. The on scene officers did confirm this information. The Summit County Bomb Unit and The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms were called. Both agencies responded to the residence. The Summit County Bomb Unit removed Five (5) completed pipe bombs and cleared the residence of any further dangerous ordinances.

Once the residence had been cleared, Patrol officers and Detectives executed a search warrant at the residence. Collected evidence included chemicals, and a small marijuana grow operation.

Arrested: 	DAVID A. DOUGHERTY, 49yrs old.
			1116 Washington Ave. Cuyahoga Falls, OH	

Charges:	Unlawful possession of dangerous ordinance- Fifth degree Felony
 Illegally manufacturing or processing explosives- Second degree Felony.
  
The investigation is ongoing and there may be additional charges at a later time., http://patch.com/A-y8P1, October 11, 2012

PRESS RELEASE

The Cuyahoga Falls Fire Department Fire Investigators have determined that the residential fire at 640 Madison was an intentionally set fire resulting in extensive damage to the home.  Anyone having information about this arson fire is asked to contact either the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department or Fire Department with their information. A reward of up to $5,000.00 from the Ohio Blue Ribbon Arson Committee is being offered to anyone providing information that results in arrest and conviction of the arson. Please call the numbers listed below to provide information.

Police- 330-928-2181
Fire-330-971-8406, Fortunate meeting between the Chief and Governor Romney when he visited our City yesterday!, null, FBI PRESS RELEASE:

Stephen D Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI for the Northern District of Ohio announces the arrest of Benjamin Gates, age 33. 

Gates was arrested in the 1200 block of Clarendon Avenue NW, Canton, Ohio this afternoon without incident.  Gates was arrested by members of the Safe Streets Task Force comprised of FBI, Canton Police Department, Alliance Police Department and Ohio Adult Parole Authority.  

Gates is currently charged with one count of robbery for the August 10th robbery of Huntington Bank, located inside the Giant Eagle at 608 Raff Road, Canton, Ohio. 

Gates is suspected in multiple bank robberies. This investigation continues by the FBI, Canton Police Department, Stark County Sheriffs Office, North Canton Police Department, Cuyahoga Falls Police Department and Liberty Police Department. 

Any questions regarding this press release should be directed to SA Vicki D Anderson at 216-522-1400 or vicki.anderson@ic.fbi.gov. 
SA Vicki D Anderson, 
FBI
Cleveland Division, PRESS RELEASE: 12-18172

On 8/16/12 at 1032 hours the U.S. Bank located in the Acme store at 2630 Bailey Rd. was robbed. The suspect was described as a thin, dark skinned male wearing a baseball cap. The male suspect handed the bank teller a note that stated “this is a robbery” and indicated that he had a gun. He then demanded the money.  The suspect left the store with an undetermined amount of money.

No injuries reported.

This incident is under investigation by the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department and the FBI., Cuyahoga Falls K-9 Unit will appear at the following event., PRESS RELEASE: 12-18157

On Thursday morning 8/16/12 at 4:37 a.m. CFPD responded to a call of a 4 year old child wandering outside and crying at 2621 Elmwood St. Officers arrived to find a 4 year old girl crying at that address and a next door neighbor was standing with the child. The child was saying her mother left. Officers found the house open and they searched inside. There was no one in the home. Officers were not able to locate any family members to care for the child so she was taken to the station. CSB was notified and they responded to the police department to take temporary custody of the child.

The mother was determined to be Colleen E. Testa, age 30, of Cuyahoga Falls. 

An arrest warrant was issued for Colleen Testa on a charge of Endangering Children, a first degree misdemeanor.

Update: Colleen Testa was arrested at her home at approximately 7:30 a.m. this morning. Another daughter, age 9, was located at another address in Cuyahoga Falls. That daughter was being supervised by an adult. The 9 year old was brought to the station and CSB responded for her as well., http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/315335_10151058482469558_71491441_n.jpg, null, PRESS RELEASE: 

On 07/20/12 at 1535 hrs a male of middle eastern decent robbed the US Bank inside the Giant Eagle at 75 Graham Rd, Cuyahoga Falls by demanding money from the teller.  No weapon was seen.  The subject was described as being about 35 yrs old, 5'08" and 150lbs.  He spoke with no discernible accent.  A store security camera captured this image as the suspect left the store. 

If you have any information on this suspect or incident please contact Detectives Lengel and Tlumac at 330-971-8334., Route 8 Ramp Closed

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - The Route 8 Southbound exit ramp at Broad Blvd will be closed from 1:00 pm until 3:00pm today, Wednesday, July 25, 2012 for a traffic light repair. Emergency vehicles have been notified.  We thank the motoring public for their patience., null, PRESS RELEASE 
                                                              12-15642

On 7/14/12 at approx.  11:45P.M. an employee of the Speedway at 2026 Bailey Rd. reported to the Cuyahoga Falls Police that a male suspect entered the store, brandished what he thought was a weapon and demanded money. The male took an undetermined amount of cash and was last seen on foot heading south on Bailey Rd. 

After an investigation by the Cuyahoga Falls Police Detective Bureau an arrest has been made in the case.

ARRESTED

Darrell G. Connell
Age 26
Uniontown OH

Robbery 2911.02 Felony 2

Connell was located and taken into custody on 7/23/12 at approx. 1:30 P.M. in the city of Akron by Cuyahoga Falls Detectives. After processing, Connell was booked into the Summit County Jail 

Sgt. James J. Singleton
Cuyahoga Falls Police, Our thoughts and prayers to the victims and their families in Aurora, Colorado....Chief Pozza, Another angle from the Speedway robbery, At 7-14-2012 at 1149 pm the Speedway at 2026 Bailey was robbed. If you recognize the subject in this photo contact the Cuyahoga Falls Detective bureau at 330 971 8334 or 330 928 2181., The email was sent by FACEBOOK today regarding what we thought was a scam.  Turned out it was glitch on Facebook's part....

"On July 10th and 11th you may have tried to claim an offer from a Facebook Page that had limited or no content in it. 

This was caused by a brief technical problem at Facebook that has now been fixed. 

We're sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused. Please delete any blank offer emails you may have received from us as you won't be able to redeem them. We have identified the issue and we're improving our systems so this doesn't happen again. There were no security breaches to any user accounts during this time period. 

Sincerely, 

The Facebook Team", SCAM  WARNING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
An 80 year old Falls resident was recently scammed out of a large sum of money. The suspects pretended to be Akron Police Detectives and informed her they were investigating a fraud at her bank. They instructed her to withdraw the money without telling the tellers why and they would pick the money up. She was approached in a parking lot nearby by a tall dark complected female who identified herself as a detective without showing any ID. She later contacted Akron Police and found she was scammed. Please remember and advise older relatives that police departments will never ask you to use your money for investigations and if you ever doubt the identity of an officer contact the department at the main published number., There is some kind of offer being send to people who like our facebook page. This must be some kind of spam or scam as we are not sending this out. Please do not click on anything that you may receive like this., We're having a rash of thieving from unlocked cars.  Please lock up your car, even if it's parked in your driveway., null, We need your help. We are looking for information on the subjects responsible for vandalism in Oakwood Cemetery. The incidents include grave stones being over turned and statues damaged. If you have any information please contact our detectives at 330 971 8334 or if you witness any suspicious activities contact dispatch at 330 928 2181. Thank you., On June 4, 2012 the two newest officers of the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department were sworn in by Mayor Don Robart; Officer Brett Dirker and Officer Dawn McIlvain. Welcome to the department., null, PRESS RELEASE 12-11046:

After an investigation into the reported rape of a victim under the age of 13, the Cuyahoga Falls Police have made an arrest in the case.

ARRESTED

Richard James Frederick Jr.
Age 24
1485 Guenivierre St.
Streetsboro OH 

CHARGES

Rape 2907.02 Felony 1
(3) Counts Gross Sexual Imposition 2907.05 Felony 3


Frederick has been taken into custody and booked into the Summit County Jail., PRESS RELEASE 2012-12401:

On 6/6/12 at approx. 4:00 PM the Cuyahoga Falls Police Narcotics unit executed a search warrant at 2255 Winter Parkway #124. The search warrant was gained after information was obtained that the apartment was being used in the manufacture of methamphetamine. During the search of the apartment Police found an active methamphetamine lab. As a result of the search warrant (4) persons who were on scene were arrested. 
ARRESTED

Kathy S. Dias
Age 50
2255 Winter Parkway #124
Cuyahoga Falls OH

Daniel T. Hammock
Age 26
2255 Winter Parkway #124
Cuyahoga Falls OH

Lisa L. Ramsey
Age 49
2255 Winter Parkway #63
Cuyahoga Falls OH

Monica B. Moles
Age 24
2255 Winter Parkway #114
Cuyahoga Falls OH

All (4) suspects were charged with the following charges.

Illegal Manufacturing of Drugs 2925.14 Felony 1
Illegal Assembly of Drug Components 2925.04.1  Felony 2
Possession of Criminal Tools 2923.24 Felony 5
Drug Abuse 2925.11 Felony 4
Endangering Children 2925.22 Felony 3

The Endangering Children charge was in reference to an 11 year old juvenile who resided in the apartment. The juvenile was taken into custody and turned over to Children’s Services. A hazardous waste disposal contractor was summoned to the location by police to remove hazardous materials associated with the manufacturing of Methamphetamine and under section 1336.02 of the Codified Ordinances of the City of Cuyahoga Falls the residence has been declared a Public Health Nuisance and placarded as uninhabitable. The owner, at their expense, will be required to have the residence inspected and returned to a safe condition., PRESS RELEASE:

On 6-2-12 @ 2127 hrs. Cuyahoga Falls Police along with Cuyahoga Falls Fire Department responded to a subject unconscious behind the wheel of a 2012 Ford Explorer stopped at Britain Road and Howe Avenue. The Fire Department made entry into the locked vehicle after breaking the passenger side front window. The subject was awakened and after he was examined by CFFD paramedics it was determined that he was under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs. Officers found 5 times bulk amount of a crystalline powder suspected of being heroin in the vehicle. 

Arrested:

Michael D. Dandridge , age 22, of 1208 Buckingham Gate, Cuyahoga Falls.
	
Charges:

2925.03  Aggravated Trafficking in Drugs (F-1)

2925.04 Illegal Manufacturing of Drugs (F-1)

2925.11 Possession of Drugs (F-1)

2925.14 Drug Paraphernalia M-1

2923.24 Criminal Tools (F-5), PRESS RELEASE 2012-12103

On 6/2/12 at approximately 5:10 PM, police responded to an address on Lynn Drive reference a residential burglary in progress. Found inside the residence was:

Nick J. Limric
2619 Elmwood St.
CFO
DOB: 8/1/85  W/M
Charged with Burglary – a Felony of the 2nd Degree

No loss was suffered in the commission of this crime., PRESS RELEASE: 2012-11828

On 5/30/12 at approx. 9:45 AM a residence on E. Broadway St. in Cuyahoga Falls was burglarized. A witness reported to police that a male suspect was seen loading items into a green compact car and departing. On 6/1/12 in a joint investigation with the Tallmadge police department an arrest has been made in this case.

ARRESTED

Jason W. Ferrell
Age 36
130 E. Central
Ravenna OH

Burglary 2911.12 Felony 2

Ferrell was taken into custody and transported to the Summit County Jail., null, UPDATE TO PRESS RELEASE 2012-9078:

The Summit County Metro Crash Team has completed the investigation of accident 2012-9078 and the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department has issued two traffic citations to the driver of the vehicle that struck the house at 2374 Issaquah St. on 4/26/12. The driver, 65 year old Donna Tuber of Cuyahoga Falls, was issued citations for (1) Failure to Maintain Control (2) Full Time and Attention., Cuyahoga Falls Officers and their K-9 Partners did well in the challenge. K9 Diesel and his handler Officer David Holzapfel took home the award for "Top Dog" for most points accumulated. K9 Kilo and his handler Sgt. Perry Tabak finished in first for the Obedience Trials. Congratulations for a job well done., http://cuyahogafalls.patch.com/articles/listen-favorite-songs-from-the-police-chiefs-of-patch, Lacey Esposito Mug Shot from 5/14/12, PRESS RELEASE 

At approx 10:45 AM on 5/14/12, the Cuyahoga Falls Police responded to a call requesting a check the welfare of the resident at 2319 Winter Parkway #310. Upon arrival , the responding patrol officer found an active Methamphetamine lab in the apartment. The Cuyahoga Falls Police Narcotics Unit responded and executed a search warrant on the apartment. As a result of the search and investigation, two parties have been arrested

ARRESTED
Nicholas Sklare
1100 Georgia Ave.
Akron OH 44306
25 years of age

Illegal Manufacturing of Drugs 2925.14 Felony 2
Illegal Assembly of Drug Components 2925.04.1  Felony 3
Possession of Crimonal Tools 2923.24 Felony 5
Drug Abuse 2925.11 Felony 5
Drug Abuse Instruments 2925.12  Misdemeanor 2

ARRESTED
Lacey Esposito
2319 Winter Parkway #310
Cuyahoga Falls OH 44221
27 years of age

Illegal Manufacturing of Drugs 2925.14 Felony 2
Illegal Assembly of Drug Components 2925.04.1  Felony 3
Possession of Crimonal Tools 2923.24 Felony 5
Drug Abuse 2925.11 Felony 5
Drug Abuse Instruments 2925.12  Misdemeanor 2

Charges are pending on a third party who was not on scene at the time. A hazardous waste contractor responded to the scene to dispose of chemical waste related to this clandestine laboratory. The apartment has also been placarded as a public health nuisance and is uninhabitable until it has been properly cleaned and inspected., PRESS RELEASE 

On 5/9/12 at about 11:15 PM The SHEETZ gas station at 1210 Main St. in Cuy. Falls reported a male suspect stated he had a gun and demanded money from the cashier. He was last seen fleeing from the store in a black 4-door vehicle. After an investigation by the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department Detective Bureau an arrest has been made in the case. Daniel N. Frick Jr. was taken into custody on 5/10/12 at about 5:48 PM.

ARRESTED
Daniel N. Frick Jr.
Age 33
538 Meadow Lane
Cuy. Falls OH 44221

CHARGES
Aggravated Robbery
2911.01 Felony 1, PRESS RELEASE:  		


On Wednesday night May 9th, 2012 at 11:15pm, an unknown white male entered the Sheetz Gas Station at 1210 Main Street in Cuyahoga Falls and went to the beer cooler and selected a can of beer and then walked to the front cash register area.  Once at the register, this male placed his hand inside his hoodie and pointed something at the clerk, told her he had a gun and demanded cash from the register.  The suspect then fled the store with an undetermined amount of money and left in what was described as a black colored 4-door car.  Suspect is described as a white male, possibly late 20’s early 30’s, 5’9” tall, brown spiky hair, wore mirrored sunglasses, a black hoodie with grey sleeves and blue jeans. 

If you can identify the person in the photo or have any information regarding this case please call Detective Tlumac or Detective Lengel at 330-971-8334., PRESS RELEASE 

On 5/4/12 at 8:30 A.M. the Cuyahoga Falls Police Narcotics unit with the assistance of the Summit County Drug Unit and the Cuyahoga Falls SWAT unit executed a search warrant at 3782 Northampton Rd. in Cuyahoga Falls. The Narcotics unit had developed information indicating the residence was being used in the manufacture of Methamphetamine. As a result of the warrant Clayton E. Allshouse was arrested on various charges. 

ARRESTED

Clayton E. Allshouse
Age 63
3782 Northampton Rd. 
Cuyahoga Falls OH 44223

Manufacturing of Methamphetamine 2925.04 Felony 3
Illegal Assembly 2925.041 Felony 4
Possession of Drugs 2925.11 Felony 5
Drug paraphernalia 2925.14 Misdemeanor 4

Other suspected parties remain under investigation at this time.

James J. Singleton
Sgt. Cuyahoga Falls Police, OPTIMIST CLUB OFFICERS OF THE YEAR:

Congratulations to Officers Ted Davis and Joel Moledor for being named the Optimist Club Officers of the Year. They are pictured with an Optimist Club Member and Chief Thomas Pozza., GOING ON VACATION?

Add your home to our vacation home list to have your home checked while you are out of town. Call 330-928-2181 with your dates and emergency contact information., null, null, HAPPY RETIREMENT!!

Retirement Dinner from March 2012. Retiring Officers David Cooper, Rich Snell and Jim Stanley. Retiring Dispatchers Terry Wiggins and Barb Reid. Congratulations to you all., Sgt. Perry Tabak and K-9 Kilo visited a 2nd grade class at St. Joseph School., School Crossing Guards Needed, Joshua A. Jenkins
2843 Bailey Rd. 
Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio  

Arrested for:

Manufacturing Drugs (2925.04) Felony of the 1st Degree
Illegal Assembly of Chemical to Manufacture (2925.04.1) Felony of the 2nd Degree
Endangering Children (2919.22) Felony of the 3rd Degree
Trafficking in Drugs (2925.030 Felony of the 3rd Degree
Possession of Criminal Tools (2923.24) Felony oft the 5th Degree
Possession of Methamphetamine (2925.11) Felony of the 5th Degree
Possession of Drug Abuse Instruments (2925.12) Misdemeanor of the 1st Degree
Possession of Drug Paraphernalia (2925.14) Misdemeanor of the 4th Degree
Corrupting Another with Drugs  a Felony of the Second Degree, UPDATED PRESS RELEASE

                                                           Update to Press Release 2012-956

After being taken into custody by the Cuyahoga Falls Police SWAT team in reference to the Aggravated Robbery of the Pulp Smoothie store on Bucholzer Bd. in Cuyahoga Falls the suspect was identified as Bradley W. Rogers. Rogers was transported to an area hospital for self-inflicted injuries to his arms. Warrants for his arrest have been issued and he will be arrested after release from the hospital.

CHARGED:

Bradley W. Rogers
AGE 30 
1015 Howe Ave #21
Cuyahoga Falls OH 44221

Aggravated Robbery 2911.01 Felony 1

Sergeant James J. Singleton
Cuyahoga Falls Police, Cuyahoga Falls Police Department would like to remind all Facebook Friends that as stated in the info section,  "CFPD reserves the right to delete any comments posted by users.
Comments posted must be clean and family oriented. Comments posted may not be illegal, obscene, defamatory, threatening, or hateful in manner."
Thank you for your support., The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department collected almost 700 toys for children in need during the Toys for Tots campaign. Thanks go to the officers who gave out the Toy Waivers to motorists who violated minor traffic offenses...the motorists who then voluntarily gave to the campaign...and the community for dropping off so many gifts to our lobby. A special thanks to Walsh Jesuit High School who also contributed 8 large bags full of toys. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to you all., Press Release  		2011-28946

On Wednesday morning December 21st, 2011at 4am, the Cuyahoga Falls Fire Department and Police responded to a call of a fire in the hallway of 2255 Winter Parkway, just outside of apartment #125.  Upon arrival of the Fire Department and Police Officers, the fire was found to have been extinguished by the tenant in apartment #125 and a neighbor, who used a fire extinguisher on the blaze.  The tenant of #125, Edward M Whitney, stated that just before 4am his dog started barking at the door.  Whitney then went to the door and opened it and discovered a fire in the hallway outside of his door.  Whitney looked around and saw a female by the name of Charlotte D Garrett running away and heading for the stairway.

The Cuyahoga Falls Fire Marshal was called out and it was determined that the fire was caused by someone soaking 2 newspapers in some sort of flammable accelerant and then lighting them.

Edward Whitney recognized Charlotte Garrett because Garrett was dating Whitney’s brother.  Cuyahoga Falls Police had been out to this apartment complex several times earlier because Garrett was outside of apartment #125 banging on the door and would not leave.  Police escorted Garrett from the building at 2:55 am and warned her not to return or she would be arrested for criminal trespass.

Charlotte D. Garrett was found not to far from the apartment complex by Police and arrested.  Charlotte Garrett was charged with (1) count of Aggravated Arson, a felony of the first degree and is in the Cuyahoga Falls Jail awaiting her 8:30am arraignment at the Stow Muni Court.

The case is still under investigation and more charges are expected.

Lt Richard D Knotek
Cuyahoga Falls Police Dept., Today is the last day for collecting Toys for Tots. The community has really stepped up. Thanks so much., Update to the Bobby Kennedy arrest:  He is being held in the Summit County Jail and his bond is 10% of $100,000. His next court date is Wednesday at 10 am at the Stow Municipal Courthouse., Would you like to get a copy of a police report without leaving the comfort of your own home? Copies of police reports may be obtained by going to the police department's website and a copy of the report will then be emailed to you., Press Release

On Monday night 12-12-11 at 10:59pm, Sgt Gary Blevins of the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department clocked a 2010 Chevy Traverse, white in color, traveling at 107 mph in a 55 mph zone on State Route 8, southbound, at Broad Blvd.  Sgt Blevins attempted to stop the vehicle on Route 8 near Howe Avenue and the vehicle fled from Police.  Police pursued the Chevy southbound on Route 8 through the City of Akron and the Chevy exited the freeway onto Waterloo Road.  The Chevy continued fleeing eastbound on Waterloo Road to S. Arlington Road, the vehicle then went north on S. Arlington Road and continued driving through numerous Akron streets while now being pursued by both Cuyahoga Falls and Akron Police.  The driver of the Chevy eventually made his way back to Route 8 and this time he fled northbound.  The Chevy exited Route 8 at Howe Avenue and turned east onto Howe Avenue where the vehicle then stopped approximately 100 feet east of Route 8.  At that time, the male driver of the Chevy ran from the vehicle going north towards the railroad tracks.  The Akron Police K-9 then apprehended the male near the tracks.

The pursuit lasted approximately 29 minutes and reached speeds between 80 and over 100 mph on the freeway and on Akron city streets.  The Chevy eventually stopped because the driver an out of gas. There were no accidents and no damage reported during the pursuit.

The driver was identified as 38-year-old Bobby L. Kennedy of 1214 Allendale Avenue in Akron.  Bobby Kennedy was transported to Akron City Hospital by Cuyahoga Falls EMS for an injury to his arm caused when the Akron K-9 apprehended him.  Kennedy is currently in Akron City Hospital.  Bobby Kennedy will be charged with Speed, OVI as he was under the influence of both alcohol and drugs, Driving Under Suspension, Fleeing and Eluding Police, a 3rd degree Felony and (2) counts of Child Endangering, both 3rd degree Felonies once he is released.  Bobby Kennedy had 2 children in the SUV during the pursuit., At approx 0056 hrs. this date the Toys R Us 590 Howe Ave. reported an Aggravated Robbery. A clerk reports an unidentified male suspect walked up to her at a cash register and brandished a large knife and reached into her till and removed an undetermined amount of cash. He was last seen exiting the store.

It is believed the suspect fled on foot and the responding Cuyahoga Falls police units along with Mutual Aid from a Stow Police Dept. K9 unit followed a possible track into the City of Akron. They were unable to apprehend the suspect.

The suspect is described as a white male in his mid 20’s, thin build with light facial hair. Suspect was wearing a dark colored hoodie with “paint splash design”, blue jeans, brown boots and a knit beanie. 

The Cuyahoga Falls police are investigating. Anyone with information is asked to call 330.928.2181, null, null, Cuyahoga Falls Police Department - Patrol Division Arrests Stats for November 2011, TRADE A TICKET FOR A TOYS FOR TOTS DONATION

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio – Mayor Don L. Robart announces the start of the 4th Annual Trade A Ticket For A Toys For Tots Donation program with the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department this holiday season.  Citizens will have the opportunity to trade a traffic warning for a toy donation to Toys for Tots.  

Over the next two weeks, Cuyahoga Falls police will issue "toy waivers" to replace a typical warning received for a minor traffic case.  The toy waiver will encourage the minor traffic violator to donate a new, unwrapped toy to Toys for Tots.  The driver will be told that the toy can be dropped of at the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department, 2310 Second Street, Cuyahoga Falls, OH 44221 between December 4 and December 17, 2011.

Mayor Robart stated, "in the spirit of the holiday season, I hope that the donated toys will have a positive and lasting impact on the children of our community and the drivers who are saved more than a few dollars in fines and court costs." 

For additional information, please call the Chief of Police at (330) 971-8300., Wishing everyone a very Happy and Safe Thanksgiving., Cuyahoga Falls Police Department Holiday Safety Tips, With the Holidays fast approaching, be alert for scammers wanting donations for various groups.  Know WHO you're donating to!, It's that time of year again when we start thinking about driving in the snow. Here's a segment on Newsnet 5 earlier this year on winter driving tips. 
, Cuyahoga Falls Police Department Mission Statement

The Mission of the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department is to provide a safe environment and a strong sense of personal security where the quality of life is improved and maintained by firm enforcement of the laws of the United States, State of Ohio and City of Cuyahoga Falls; and where the delivery of police services are performed in a fair, impartial manner while protecting the constitutional rights of all., Cuyahoga Falls Police Department – Patrol Division: October 2011 Arrest Statistics, Cuyahoga Falls Police Department:
Incident#  11-24919

On 10-29-11 @ 7:00pm, JAY CHO,age 27 a resident of New York,  allegedly attempted to pass two Counterfeit $100 bills to purchase a Visa gift card for $200 at Walgreens,755 Howe Avenue.  JAY CHO then gave false information to police about his identity.

Jay Cho was charged with Forgery a Felony of the 5th Degree (F-5) and Falisfication a Misdemeanor of the 1st Degree (M-1)., The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department will participate in the DEA program Drug Take Back on Saturday October 29,2011 from 10am to 12. The collection will be at the police garage located at the natatorium side parking lot . Unused and expired prescription drugs will be collected for proper disposal. No needles will be accepted., Here's the link to the city's website for leaf pickup this fall. Please follow the link if you want to find out when your neighborhood is scheduled for pickup., Cuyahoga Falls Police Department:
Incident#  11-23890

On 10-16-2011 @ 11:14pm, A vehicle was traffic stopped on SR8 @ Front Street. During the traffic stop one of the passengers, EUGENE J ALLEN,  a resident of Akron was found to be in possession of a small amount of crack cocaine.  

Eugene J. Allen was charged with Possesion of Drugs a Felony of the 5th degree (F-5)., A BOIL ALERT has been issued for Sequoia St. between Northmoreland Blvd. and Oneida Ave.; Oneida Ave. between Sequoia St. and Issaquah St.; and Issaquah St. down to Oneida Ave. This alert is effective until Friday, October 21, 2011 at 2:30 p.m., null, Incident #11-23533

On 10-12-11 @ 7:56pm an officer responded to a car vs. utility pole crash on Chestnut Blvd near 4th Street. When the officer arrived on scene he made contact with the driver, Charles C. Childers. After further investigation the officer gave Mr. Childers field sobriety tests. He appeared to be under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs of abuse and placed under arrest.

Charles C. Childers was charged with failure to control and OVI., Just a reminder to be aware of deer crossing the roads during this time of year., Trick or Treat in Cuyahoga Falls.
Event date: Sat, 10/29/2011 - 6:00pm - 8:00pm 

  Trick or Treat will be held on Saturday, October 29th from 6:00 to 8:00 p.m.  Trick-or-treat will follow the Halloween Spooktacular at Falls River Square being held the same day from 2:00 to 4:00 p.m. 
, NOTE: All subjects in this album are presumed innocent until proven guilty 'beyond a reasonable doubt' in a court of law., Cuyahoga Falls Police Department:
 Incident # 11-22467

ON 9-30-11 @ 2:25AM,  DARNELL C. BUTCHER used the keypad code to enter the apartment door of 4229 Wyoga Lake Road. Butcher then forced his way past a wooded chair blocking entry into the home of the victim. The code was used without her permission and the chair had been placed specifically to keep BUTCHER out. BUTCHER left prior to police arrival, but did leave clothing at the scene. 
 A criminal complaint was signed by the victim.  
Butcher was booked on 10-6-11 for Burglary a Felony of the 4th Degree. (F-4), Here's some safety tips from the CDC to help keep your children safe during trick or treat., null, Incident #11-22716

On 10-3-2011 @ 2:31AM Chasta Murton (a resident of Akron) was operating a 1998 gray Chevy truck westbound on Howe Avenue approaching SR8. The Officer observed the vehicle driving left of center and driving straight in a left turn lane. A traffic stop was made on Ms. Murton (Howe Avenue/SR8). After further investigation Ms. Murton appeared to be under the influence of alcohol and/or drugs of abuse and placed under arrest.

Chasta Murton was charged with OVI and BAC over .17, Notable reports taken by the Cuyahoga Falls Police Dept. between 10-2-11 and 10-7-11., null, NOTE: All subjects in this album are presumed innocent until proven guilty 'beyond a reasonable doubt' in a court of law., Cuyahoga Falls Police Department – Patrol Division
               September 2011 Arrest Statistics

Felony Arrests:
1st Shift – 8 
2nd Shift – 10 
3rd Shift – 10 
TOTAL    28 Arrests

Misdemeanor Arrests:
1st Shift –  11
2nd Shift – 15
3rd Shift –  72
Total         98 Arrests

Minor Misdemeanor Arrests:          
1st Shift –  15       
2nd Shift – 3    
3rd Shift –  22                                                                                               Total        40 Arrests      

Warrants:    
1st Shift –  38
2nd Shift – 24
3rd Shift –  40  
Total         102 Arrests

OVI Arrests:
1st Shift – 9
2nd Shift – 0
3rd Shift -  7
Total        16 Arrests

Driving Under Suspension:
1st Shift  -  69
2nd Shift - 30
3rd Shift -  41
Total        140  Arrests, null, Please be careful when you post information about yourself on Facebook., Press Release

The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department took a report of a Breaking and Entering at the Discount Drug Mart located at 655 Portage Trail on July 20, 2011. 

Officers investigating the initial crime scene found a small bloodstain left by the suspect. A sample was collected and submitted to the State Crime Lab. On 09/09/11 detectives were notified that a person entered in the CODIS (Combined DNA Index System) database was matched to the DNA sample submitted.

Detectives were able to compare the information provided by the State Lab along with the evidence and video from the store in order to confirm the identification of the suspect responsible.

On 9/19/11 Anthony S. Stemple was indicted by the Summit County Grand Jury for the Breaking and Entering at the Discount Drug Mart.

Arrested:
Anthony S. Stemple, 26yrs, of Cuyahoga Falls

Charge: 
 Breaking and Entering
 A Felony of the 5th degree, NOTE: All subjects in this album are presumed innocent until proven guilty 'beyond a reasonable doubt' in a court of law., NOTE: All subjects in this album are presumed innocent until proven guilty 'beyond a reasonable doubt' in a court of law., NOTE: All subjects in this album are presumed innocent until proven guilty 'beyond a reasonable doubt' in a court of law., NOTE: All subjects in this album are presumed innocent until proven guilty 'beyond a reasonable doubt' in a court of law., Cuyahoga Falls Police Department will be holding a property auction on October 1st, 2011 at 2501 Bailey Road. Three vehicles will be auctioned a 2001 Hyundai, 1997 Chevy Malibu and a 1999 Jeep Wrangler. Numerous bicycles, 2 leaf machines, a couple of light bars and miscellanous items will also be auctioned., This is a long video but it is one that shows some of the dangers faced by law enforcement here in Ohio.
, Remembering the lives lost and sacrifices made 10 years ago today., Octoberfest is currently on the Front Street Mall and officers will be working there all weekend. Please come down and enjoy the festivities., Cuyahoga Falls Police Department wishes everyone a very happy and safe Labor Day., PRESS RELEASE:

On 8-24-11 at 1607 hrs., Cuyahoga Falls Fire and Police Departments were dispatched to a possible drowning in the Cuyahoga River near Front St. and Bailey Rd. The initial investigation appears that the victim and a friend were swimming in the river when the victim panicked and went under water. His companion attempted to rescue the victim however was unable to pull him from the water. The companion called Cuyahoga Falls Fire Department for help., Update Schmidt Robbery suspect caught.

The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department has charged JASON W. DOUGLAS in connection with the armed robbery that occurred on 08/05/11 at 2014 2nd St. in Cuyahoga Falls.

On 8/05/11 at approximately 1040pm a suspect entered the gas station and pointed a handgun at the clerk demanding money. After the clerk complied with the demand the suspect fled the area., CITY OF CUYAHOGA FALLS
POLICE DEPARTMENT

Press Release

The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department received information from the “Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force”. The information obtained showed that child pornography was being disseminated from an address in Cuyahoga Falls. The detective bureau obtained a search warrant for a home located in the twenty two hundred block of Maitland Ave. in Cuyahoga Falls.

On 8/19/11 at approximately 750am detectives executed a search warrant at the above location. Detectives seized several computers and electronic storage devices from this residence.  A male resident identified as Timothy J. Cherveny was charged as a result of the investigation. 

At this point in the investigation it is believed that the child pornography possessed by the suspect was obtained from the internet. 

Arrested:
Timothy J. Cherveny, 26yrs old, of Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio

Charge: 
 Pandering sexually oriented matter involving a minor.
 A Felony of the 2nd degree, Press Release


On Wednesday August 17th, 2011 at approximately 2pm Cuyahoga Falls Police Detective Bureau arrested MICHAEL L. YODER (46yrs, of Cuyahoga Falls) at his home. YODER was arrested for the following:

Child Endangering, a Felony of the third degree

Involuntary Manslaughter a Felony of the third degree


The charges are related to the accidental death of his one-year-old grandchild on March 30, 2011.  The grandchild was under the direct care of YODER at the time., Spread the word, we're giving a civil service exam for police officer 9-15-2011.  We're looking for a few good men or women who would like to join us serving the good citizens of Cuyahoga Falls!, On 8-13-11 officers responded to the Whistle Stop, 2146 Front Street, for a report of a possible B & E in progress. Suspects were seen fleeing the area and a witness called the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department with a discription. One of the suspects, later identified as Anthony S. Stemple, was pursued on foot toward the riverfront. Stemple was taken into custody after he had fled into the river and returned to shore. He was charged with Breaking and Entering a felony of the 5th degree and Obstructing Official Business a misdemeanor of the 2nd degree. Stemple will be arraigned in Stow Municipal Court on Monday, August 15th at 8:30am., PRESS RELEASE: Cuyahoga Falls Police & Fire Departments were dispatched to the Gorge Park, 1160 Front St., on August 9th, 2011 at approx. 12:30 PM in reference to an unresponsive male found in a ravine. An initial investigation revealed the male died from falling off a high cliff near the trail. The deceased male was positively identified as Joseph D. Peters a 38 year old resident of Stow. The exact cause of death is currently under investigation by the Summit County Medical Examiner's Office., PRESS RELEASE:  On 8/5/2011 at 2240hrs, a black male entered the Schmitt Marathon at 2014 2nd St.  The male pointed a handgun at the clerk and demanded the money from the cash register.  The suspect then left the store northbound on 2nd St.  An undetermined amount of cash was taken.  The incident remains under investigation.  Anyone with info is asked to call CFPD or crimestoppers, 330-434-COPS., null, null, Three businesses have been broken into by the burglars going through the roof.  If anyone has any info, please call CFPD detectives at 330-971-8334, or crimestoppers at 330-434-COPS., Riverview Rd is now open, Riverview Rd closed at Bath and Smith Rds. due to flooding. Check cityofcf.com for updates., Acting on info from the "internet Crimes Against Children Task Force, CFPD executed a search warrant today and arrested Andrew T. Grisham, age 22, for Pandering sexually oriented matter involving a minor, an felony 2.  Grisham had shared child porn.  He is in jail and his computer equipment confiscated., Crossing Guards needed for 2011-2012 school year
Interested parties should go to cityofcf.com for more details., Just a reminder that you can follow the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department on Twiiter @ CuyFallsPolice., Wishing everyone a safe and happy 4th of July weekend., Discharging fireworks is a 1st degree misdemeanor, punishable by 6 months in jail and/or $1000 fine.  This 4th of July Holiday, please be considerate to your neighbors and animals and refrain from setting off fireworks., Chief Pozza and Gov. Kasich at the Dan Crabtree Bill signing in Columbus on June 20, 2011, Christopher Stahr - arrested at 1101 W. Portage Trail, At approximately 0437hrs this morning, CFPD officers responded to a burglary in progress at 1101 W. Portage Trail.  The suspect fled out the building upon the officers' approach and was apprehended a short distance from the scene.  A large amount of cash was recovered, as well as a stolen vehicle.  Arrested is 32 year old Christopher Stahr., null, Here's a link to the Ohio Department of Public Safety to look up Ohio Accident reports.  Go to www.dps.state.oh.us/ohcrashreports , null, null, Storm Clean-Up

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio - Valerie Wax Carr, Director of Public Service would like to update residents on storm clean-up procedure.  Please visit City web site cityofcf.com for details., Riverview Road between Bolanz and Ira is closed due to flooding, CF Moose Club Administrator Bill Rader presents a $1500 check donation to Sgt. Tabak and Chief Pozza for the PD K-9 unit.  The donation was made possible from a breakfast reverse raffle the Moose Club hosted last Saturday, 5/21.  Thank you to the Moose Club and all the folks that came out to support out dog unit!!!, NOTE: All subjects in this album are presumed innocent until proven guilty 'beyond a reasonable doubt' in a court of law., Press Release, Friday 5/20/11 @ 5pm starts the first Rockin' on the River for 2011. The Cuyahoga Falls Police Department wishes to remind anyone under the age of 18 to be mindful of the Special Curfew Area. Curfew in the Special Curfew Area starts at 8pm until 5am the next morning every night for anyone under 18 years of age ., null, Hardy Road open, Hardy Road closed south lane near 841 Hardy due to landslide, Correction: You can find us on twitter @ CuyFallsPolice., NEW:  You now can follow the Cuyahoga Falls Police Department on Twitter. Just search for Cuyahoga Falls PD., REMINDER:  This coming Wednesday, 5/18 at 1000hrs, our Police Memorial Service at the Natatorium.  As an added incentive to come, the FOP is going to unveil a rendering of the proposed Police Memorial monument during the service., Good article in the Falls New-Press this week about our new facebook page.  Thanks to Steve Wiandt for the coverage., Chief of Police, Thomas L. Pozza, Excerpt from the Special Curfew Area Ordinance, null, Our School Resource Officer Ed Dennis, the master K-9 T-shirt salesman!, Mark you calendars, Police Memorial week coming up the third week of May.  CFPD will be having a memorial service at 1000hrs on Wed., 5/18.  All are invited to attend and honor our brothers in blue., null, Please join us on 4/29/11 for Arbor Day celebration located between the City Building and the Natatorium. This year our K-9 Unit is going to be honored with a statue and tree., Welcome to the Official Cuyahoga Falls Police Department Facebook page.)