List(And that's all folks! The last meal to ever leave the Atasca kitchen. Viva Atasca!, After 21 years of business, Atasca will be serving our final dinner tonight. Thank you to all of our incredible customers over the years. From the Cerqueira family, thanks for the memories. Its been an incredible journey., null, null, As announced last week, Atasca Restaurant was sold and will be closing its' doors after 21 years of service. Again, we would like to immensely thank our patrons over the years. We are forever grateful., Atasca restaurant, null, Ana Pauleia Ortin's newest cookbook "Authentic Portuguese Cooking" explores the influences on the Portuguese cuisine and embraces the spices and ingredients typical of Mediterranean countries dating back centuries including olive oil, onions, bay leaves, garlic, coriander, paprika, chili peppers and red sweet peppers. More at: www.portuguesedishes.com, HELP WANTED: We are now hiring servers to work both lunch and dinner shifts. If interested, please visit our location on 50 Hampshire Street, Cambridge to fill out an application., HELP WANTED: We are now hiring servers to work both lunch and dinner shifts. If interested, please visit our location on 50 Hampshire Street, Cambridge to fill out an application., Atasca Restaurant is honored with its recent award: "Reader's Choice Best Restaurant for Dinner in Cambridge"., www.facebook.com/FadoNight, "And for some good Portuguese food in Greater Boston, you can check out Atasca in Kendall Square in Cambridge", Atasca Restaurant celebrates 20 years in business today!! Joe and Maria Cerqueira wish their sincerest gratitude to all the loyal costumers over the years. On August 9th, 1995, the start of what seemed like a scary venture turned into two decades of wholesome  moments that will never be forgotten.There is no better honor than to serve our community. HAPPY BIRTHDAY ATASCA! PARABENS!, Here is a page you can like if you love Fado: https://www.facebook.com/FadoNight?ref=hl, To all our customers: "Atasca Restaurant is open for business during renovations to the patio", null, At Atasca Restaurant in Cambridge you can enjoy eating indoors or outdoors in our lovely patio., http://www.portuguesefolklore.com/, http://www.portuguesedishes.com/atasca-restaurant.html, http://portuguesefolklore.com/, Atasca Restaurant in Cambridge, MA., For those who like fado music: www.fadonight.com, You can enjoy portuguese dishes in intimate meals with a group of friends or family and even with that special person. There is something for everyone at Atasca from cozy dinners in a warm corner to a light lunch in our summer esplanade., What are some of your favorite Portuguese dishes????
https://www.facebook.com/pages/PortugueseDishes/1548820565356367, Patio is open, Boston.com article about the popularity of Portuguese food in MA, RI and CT:
http://www.boston.com/news/local/massachusetts/2015/01/15/portuguese-food-disproportionately-popular-massachusetts/VKXvRQvkLSXY32hRsR1SuN/story.html, What are some of your favorite dishes at Atasca Restaurant? http://www.portuguesedishes.com/atasca-restaurant.html, BACALHAU Á LAGAREIRO - Charcoal grilled dry salt cod, drizzled with hot olive oil and garlic, served with punched potatoes and grilled peppers and onions http://www.portuguesedishes.com/atasca-restaurant.html, Atasca Restaurant in Cambridge is one of the Boston area restaurants featured in this article:, Book your New Year's Eve reservation! We are hosting dinner, dancing, and champagne toast. Call us for details at 617-621-6991., http://www.portuguesedishes.com/atasca-restaurant.html, http://portuguesedishes.com/atasca-restaurant.html, null, null, Don't miss fado singer Duarte at Atasca on Sunday, October 12 at 3PM, Portuguese fadista Duarte Coxo, an award-winning artist and fixture of Lisbon's fado scene is performing at Atasca Restaurant in Cambridge. Visit www.FadoNight.com or www.PaceFado.com for a schedule of events.
https://vimeo.com/107625271, Join us for a fabulous fado afternoon with Duarte at Atasca.
Sunday, October 12, 2014 @ 3 PM
Atasca Restaurant
50 Hampshire Street, Cambridge, MA 02139
For Reservations
Call 617-621-6991
, Portuguese fadista Duarte Coxo, an award-winning artist and fixture of Lisbon's fado scene, will tour the US this fall in support of his upcoming CD. Visit www.FadoNight.com for a schedule of events., Don't miss a Sunday afternoon of great fado and food at Atasca Restaurant. Call 617-621-6991 for reservations. http://youtu.be/yZOL4yeMVLE, Don't miss a Sunday afternoon of great fado and food at Atasca Restaurant. Call 617-621-6991 for reservations. http://youtu.be/xQr7-LWIO2c, Come and join us for fado, the soul of Portugal. Portuguese fadista Duarte Coxo, an award-winning artist and fixture of Lisbon's fado scene, will tour the US this fall in support of his upcoming CD. Coxo has toured extensively throughout Portugal and Europe and performs regularly at Sr. Vinho, one of Lisbon's most storied fado houses. In addition to his work as a singer, he is a composer, lyricist and instrumentalist. This is his first tour of the United States., Visit our new website at www.atasca.com, null, null, null, null, Fado night at Atasca Restaurant in Cambridge, MA., null, null, null, null, Don't forget to reserve your seats for this intimate and unforgetable fado evening at Atasca Restaurant on Wednesday, July 16th. Featured artists from Lisbon: Rodrigo Costa Felix, Marta Pereira da Costa and Pedro Pinhal., null, Don't miss the opportunity to hear Rodrigo Costa Felix : Fado, The soul of Portugal. http://rodrigocostafelix.blogspot.com/#, http://portuguesedishes.com/atasca-restaurant.html, null, null, Lagareiro Style Codfish served with punched potatoes -  Bacalhau à Lagareiro com batatas a murro., null, null, 

http://m.cambridge.wickedlocal.com/article/20140620/News/140629561, An intimate and unforgetable fado evening at Atasca Restaurant!, At Atasca Restaurant in Cambridge you can enjoy eating indoors or outdoors in our lovely patio., Team Atasca Restaurant at the Freedom Run 5k in East Cambridge! Go team!!, There is still time to sign up for the Freedom Run 5K in East Cambridge!! Join Team Atasca Restaurant!

https://www.racemenu.com/events/36271-Cambridge-5K-Freedom-Run, Interested in running a 5k? Join Team Atasca Restaurant in the Freedom Run 5K hosted by the East Cambridge Business Association. Only $40 including a tshirt and beer.. That's right. FREE BEER. (See link below) 

https://www.racemenu.com/events/36271-Cambridge-5K-Freedom-Run, Great event this past Sunday! Loved celebrating Portuguese cuisine with chefs Anna Ortins and Manuel Azevedo. Thanks to all our guests that joined us!, El trovador
Friday 
At 8:30, Gian Carlo 
Friday at 10 pm, Great job by Gian Carlos last night! Join us every Friday evening at 10pm for more!, Late lunch with the Portuguese kids, Today at 10 PM, Presunto, homemade fresh white cheese, and figs, The REYKA Vodka ice bar arrives at Atasca! Portugal meets Iceland., Happy Easter from all of us at Atasca Restaurant! Come in today and enjoy your holiday dinner., Happy New Year from the Cerqueira Family!! Thank you to all our patrons for another amazing year!!!, Fado night at Atasca, We are honored to have Paulo Bento, from the Portuguese National Soccer Team, join us once again for lunch today! Viva Portugal!, The  big guns, Arroz a valenciana, Convivio arcuense 
Em Milford Massachusetts n, Mixed grill 
Pork,linguiça ,lamb and chicken, Portuguese  wine
From Califórnia, null, null, Amigos da Terça  at Atasca 
With mayor Joseph curtatone, With  detective Steve Ferreira, It's a gloomy night, but it's perfect for a nice, portuguese meal.. Don't you think?, Tonight's special! A swordfish chop with a paprika rub and capers sauce., null, null, null, null, null, The Tuna Femenina da Faculdade de Medicina do Porto is performing today in Harvard Square!, Yummmm..., null, A dish made for two! Atasca's Arroz de Marisco, Indulge in a Pastel de Nata!, Thirsty Thursday........come in and enjoy a caipirnha, mango, strawberry, lime or beirao, null, null, null, null, It's a beautiful day.. Eat outside at our patio!, Like our New Business Page!!)