List(Twas The Night Before Easter & They Were All Bringing Down The House, Weekend Happenings, Zach is back & healthier than ever ..
Still the same fun Good Time Guy with his easy natural smile ... So nice to see you again our Special Friend even if it's just for a little while .., Happy Saint Patrick's Day Everbody ..Today everyone can be Irish  so long as you  "Eat ..Drink & Be Merry" ..
If it's little money that you have you can do this here with Us ...
and do it for a Lot Less ...
Free Popcorn & Beer is always good and we are still the cheapest in the neighborhood ...  If you feel like eating something more you can order  out and have it delivered to our door ...
We are here 3pm till 1am ... Have a Safe & Fun Day Folks, Now serving you at the Silhouette Lounge Sunday 12pm to 7pm Meghan ...
We took away her pool stick and put her behind the stick..., In case you have ever Wondered why the Silhouette Lounge has the Best Popcorn Ever ... 
It is the Wonderful Women who make It using The Silhouette Lounge Wonderful Magic Touch ... Free all day & night ... Here Not There, Three's Company & A Great Time, We Got Megan ..Hip Hip  Hurray 
Stop by the Silhouette tomorrow night  & Watch Her Play, It' was time to raise a Toast .. Good friends .. Shooting Good Pool ..Always makes for a  Good Time at the Silhouette Lounge .. On any given day or night.., Elvis has an Impersonator however our PBR Tap can not play pool as good as Elvis ... Just stating the facts, TJ Kierstead totally enjoyed his  Happy Birthday" shot of 
                            "Master Jack", Childhood Friends Meet Again ..., Come on in out of the cold and enjoy a brew and while you do you can throw some darts or shoot some pool there is even a deer to shoot if you choose .. do any of these while you listen to your favorite tunes and if you get tired of them maybe the lottery will let you win .. All of these are here to share but first you have to get "Here", Snow People We Will Be Open Our Regular Hrs. 4pm till 1am..
We are always here because we care .. So if your going out to play head on over our way and let Sarah make your day with your favorite cocktail made your way ..., Joe Difazio shared his Happy Birthday with the Silhouette Lounge (again) 
Thank you Joe it was another great time with the Difazo brothers & friends, Great weekend with Great People, Look at this we made another "Best Dive Bar List"  
Much thanks to you  "THRILLIST"   this is a "Badge of Honor", Surprise, Eliza Speaks, AJ made a trip back to Allston and we were Lucky Enough To Get A Visit ...
Nice to see you Our Good Friend, What's better than watching the New England Patriots Win...
Watching them win here at the "Silhouette Lounge" while Eliza Jane Seastone makes and serves you your favorite cocktail..
So put your game face on and head on in ..Let's cheer them on together for "The Win  "Go Pat's"  "Go Pat's"  "Go Pat's", null, Watertown friends Gary Robley & Steve share a chance meeting at the Silhouette Lounge to reminisce, Dive Bars Are Always Your Best Bet ..
Come on in and see for yourself right here at The Silhouette, Good Times With The Friends You've Known & The New Ones That You've Met, Friday nights are always nice and our prices are always right..
Head our way when you go out to play and your wallet will thank you tomorrow ...
Tonight's Tag Team ..Sarah Leib ... Sarah Court ... Jimbo Whalen & Irene, Our Saturday Afternoon Go To Guys ... aka Sarah's Gang, We Want To Wish Everyone A Safe & Happy "New Year" 
May 2016 Bring You All That You Need & Then Some ..
We will be open 4pm till 2am tonight with Hats ..Noise Makers & Champaign to Toast Out The Old & Ring In The New...
All we need is "You" 

Thank you to all for making 2015 such a great year .. We are totally looking forward to doing the same in 2016 with all of you and many new .., Just when we thought the night could not get any better ....
This Happened .. With Chris ..Ryan ..Mike & Luke, This has been A Very Merry Week, New Years Eve the Silhouette Lounge will be Open ...
4pm till 2 am You will have an extra hour to enjoy the start of 2016  in Awesome Allston's Number 1 Dive Bar ... 
May we suggest you get here early and bring in the New Year Right Here ... Nothing Fancy ..Everything Sweet..
This is the Bar where Everyone Likes to Meet ...
There is Nothing more we would rather than  to do than bring in the New Year with You.. Welcome Friend Come On In, Merry Christmas To All & To All A Good Night 
You can start it right here at 4pm 
We will be here waiting for you so you can enjoy your Christmas the whole night through

4pm till 1am Cheers, We are Wishing A Very Merry Christmas & Happy Holiday To All ..
Our Christmas hours are as follows: 
Christmas Eve  Thursday Dec. 24th   4pm till 9pm
Christmas Day   Friday Dec 25th 4pm till 1 am 

We are here 365 days a year because We Care .., Weekend Gathering At The Sillhouette Lounge, We like when friends gather here for some "Holiday Cheer", Tis The Season, Posing before Closing .. We like when this happens .., A Blast From The Past ..The Good Times Here Never End ..., "The Sharks", The McGrath Brothers start out debating sport teams at the bar and move on to battling tunes on the juke box ..
Keeping It Real In Allston, Friday Night Happenings Are Always Happy, Thanksgving Day Hours: Open 6pm till 1am
When the meal is done and your ready to play we hope you choose to come our way .. play some darts or shoot some pool..we just want you to know we are here for you ...
Welcome Friends, Jonathan just so happened to be with us when the clock struck midnight and his "Happy Birthday"  started ...
Happy Birthday "Jonathan"   Let The Games Begin, We would like you to meet  Gerrad & Lorie ... they came all the way from California to see the awesome New England foliage and just happened to find this awesome neighborhood dive bar .. 
It was a Win Win ..they liked us and we truly enjoyed them ..
Looking forward to seeing them again before they travel back home .., Sneaking a peek through the back room serving window .., Reunited in our neighborhood ...
Reunited and it Feels So Good ..., This guy had a Birthday last night so we gave him a Birthday Cookie complete with a candle to blow out...
Happy Birthday "Brian" Welcome to the Silhouette Lounge.., Darts among friends is always a win win, Saturday Night Happenings Brings Out The Smiles, Date Night for the new Mr. & Mrs., Brad came by to say Hello while visiting from Maine..  "We miss your afternoon delight visits and our chats while having coffee", Matt had a very Happy Birthday ... Matt also has a very good friend in Edward ..
Thank you for sharing your Birthday with all of us Matt .... You truly put a whole new meaning to the expression "Good Time" you will always be one of our Favorites, Happy day's were here again when these good friends came bouncing in ... way back when there college life was in full swing this is the bar they chose to be in ..Saturday night they were here to celebrate with Sean Dowling and his upcoming wedding..
Congratulations Sean .. Wishing you & yours the very best ..., Every day is good at the Silhouette but long weekends are even better ... If you happen to be in our neighborhood be sure to stop in and let the fun begin ... We are Good & we are Cheap ..We are the place you want to Be, One of these guys is not like the others 
One of these guys is heading for change 
One of these guys will be giving his fiancée
"His Last Name"   "Congratulations", Happy Birthday Andrew "Happy Birthday To "You", null, He found his way Back ..Look who dropped in to throw some darts ..  This Guy  ..Now a husband ..dad & homeowner he still finds time to stop by & say Hi   "The Silhouette is the one place people never Forget"  just ask Dan Sanchez   :), Tactics In The Dart Room, Now Playing Live At The Silhouette Lounge.., Brighton came to Allston last night & made the Silhouette that much Brighter, This legendary carpenter took a night off from rebuilding all the bars in Allston & Cambridge to actually drink in some and  celebrate his Birthday 
Happy Birthday "Justin Kelly"  Enjoy & Party On Friend, Emily performed a Magical Act in the Silhouette Lounge ...
She actually got these gentlemen away from the Pool Table and into the "Dart Room", All you need for a "Great Time are these Fine Gentlemen"
Bringing Down The House at the "Silhouette Lounge", Happy Birthday To Mr. Rock & Roll Of Allston ...
The One & Only "Phil Marquez"
Now Playing At The Silhouette Lounge, Thursday night came alive when a group of good friends gathered here to raise a toast and say Safe Travels & Good Luck to two of there own ...  California Here They Come ..., A.J. made a trip back and the Silhouette is where he's at .., The Usual Suspects Stick Together & Always Have Fun, The secret is out .. Everyone now knows that the Silhouette is the place to go.  Avoid the Rush .. Get here early to hang with Us..
Good People ..Great Times .. With prices that you can no longer Find ... Play some pool or darts while you listen to your favorite songs from our Top of the line Juke Box 
Top that off  with our Free Popcorn all night long .. When you  add them all together it equals "The Sil" is the place where you Belong", Look who's back in town for a visit ..our former server.. 
The One & Only Kate Olson "Let's get this party started", Allston "We Love You", We have awesome customers and we just want to say we truly enjoy your company and business ... It is folks like these that put the Awesome in Allston and make the Silhouette the Place To Be ...
Thank You, Suzanne Haggstrom had a very Happy Birthday Saturday Night..
It started on the bar side then took over the back room ..
It was a Great Night with a lot of Great Friends, Brook & Joshua stopped by to say Hi and by the Way we got Engaged  .. Congratulations to this awesome couple ..
They pretty much owned the second booth during there last year of college and first 2 years of resident training ..
Wishing the Best To Two of the Best .., We will miss you Alybear  .. Thank you for being a part of the Silhouette Dart Team ..The team that came from nowhere and took the Division Champion immediately .., Making Our Night At The Silhouette .."These Guy's"
This is why the Silhouette is what it is "Regulars just being  
 Regulars with there "DROPDEAD" Smiles & Charm", This Will Never Get Old from the Boston Compass Comic Strip (a few years ago), The Silhouette Lounge had the pleasure of meeting two awesome new customers last night ... They <3 Us & We Them 
We would like to welcome Niki & Lexi To The Nu.1 Dive Bar, Look Who Found His Way Back To The Silhouette Lounge
He brought us a cake in Honor of our making Nu.1 Dive Bar
Thank You Darryl Shepard if we had known you were coming we would have reserved your Hi Top, Have A Safe & Happy Fourth Of July Everyone 
We will be here if you care to come on in and enjoy a nice cold beer, Let's Hear It For The "Silhouette Lounge" Once Again
Thank You "Improper Bostonian" Thank You Very Much, The Silhouette Lounge is going to be missing one of its Finest ..Ryan received an offer for a great job that he can not refuse and will be moving across the country .. 
This is not surprising news for those that know this talented designer of sports gear  who also loves & lives the sports life ..
Wishing you the Best Ryan and already looking forward to  your visit back ..., Three Good Friends Getting Together Before Summer Starts & They Have To Part   ..                                                             Happy Birthday Tom ..Safe Travels in Australia Liam ..and now that AJ is here again its time to let The Party Begin, Mixing it up at the Silhouette, Chilling With Friends On Any Given Day, Thursday Night Live    "Two Guys Walk Into A Bar", It's been a Great week here and the week is not over yet..
So if your looking for a Good Time the Silhouette is still your.. 
Best Bet, Weekending at the Silhouette Lounge 
Sarah Leib & Irene
Mixing & Fixing Whatever Your Drinking, Weekend with us at the Silhouette Lounge  
Come on in and see for yourself Why folks vote us the
"Best Dive Bar In Town", The Silhouette Lounge is seriously going to be missing A J Chalifoux and his partner in fun William Riva-O'Connell ...
This is the 1st time we ever seen A J with a frown ..we will be missing both of these fine gents for awhile ..
Thank You for sharing your friends & good times with the Silhouette Crew 
Wishing you both the Best & are already looking forward to your return visits, Hanging out with a few of Allston's Famous Joe's at the Silhouette Lounge ..., FYI  when you stroll into the Silhouette Lounge tonight (& we hope you do) and see Irene & Eliza it is Still Friday Night (not Thursday and you are not stuck in Groundhog Twilight Zone...
Sarah Martin has some celebrating to do and Eliza Jane had nothing else she would rather do than spend some more time with 'You"...
It's All Good In Our Neighborhood, Thank You Liam & A. J. for becoming regular customers over a year ago .. Both of you & all of your friends are a perfect fit at the Silhouette Lounge .. from Ballroom Dancing & making Swords to Popcorn .. Pizza & Pitchers of Beer we know its going to be a Fun Night when we see you here    :) 
Thank You For Bringing In Your Latest Find .. and who better than the two of you could have possibly found such an item "No One"
The Silhouette Lounge on Gansett bottle caps .. Awesome
Now if they would just put our profile photo of Lauren Recchia on the other side of it this cap would be "Untouchable", It's Throw Back Thursday ... May we suggest .. 
That you come on in the Silhouette & throw a few Back
We are that corner bar with the prices from yesteryear giving you that much more reason to Throw Back Thursday Here, Thank You "digboston" for making the "Silhouette Lounge" your 
"2015 Dive Bar" pick and giving us the write up that you did in your most awesome "Free" newspaper that is read .. loved & respected by all..
We much appreciate your "Shout Out"
And to Everyone Else
If by some strange chance you have not been here to visit us you should certainly add us to "Your Bucket List" 
We are Good ..We are Cheap ..We are Fun and there is something to do for most Everyone..
Darts ..Pool.. Top Of The Line Juke Box ..Buck Hunter.. Free Popcorn All Night Long and if your feeling Lucky We Have The Lottery Too :), Congratulations to Patti & Jamal on there Engagement <3 :)
This is the place they met a few years back & This is the place that he asked for her hand in marriage ...We feel Honored to have been a part of this wonderful union 
Wishing The Best To Two Of The Best, Brendan wines & dines after band practice  ;), Happy Birthday Mark ..Hail Hail The Gang Is All Here, Friends Gathering Make For "Happy Faces" & Good Times, Throwback Thursday with two Throwback Silhouette Gals
Eliza & Irene  Playing tonight at the one and only
Silhouette Lounge in Awesome Allston, Our Favorite Tag Team Reunited  When  Our Man Will Came Back For A Very Long Overdue Visit  ..., This Happened Last Week .. 3 Dudes walked into the Bar, When it's the middle of the week this is the place to meet & greet 
Hump day can be a Fun day when you do it up the Silhouette Way, Looking for a place to enjoy yourself this Easter Weekend ?  Well here is some great news :)   ..The staff at the Silhouette Lounge would be more than happy to have you join us here for Free Popcorn & Cheap Beers ...Shoot some Buck Hunter.. pool and  some darts or just sit back and sip a cocktail while you relax ..
We have individual size cheese pizza's for a mere $3.00 or you are more than welcome to bring in your own food of choice..
We aim to Please and meet your needs and are looking forward to Serving "You"  signed  .. Sarah Leib ....Eliza Jane Seastone ..Gina Cerone .. Alissa Krebs & Irene, It's S & S at the Silhouette "Saturday & Sarah"
Let Sarah Lieb make your day with a cocktail & a smile ..
There's darts or pool if you want to play and keno if your feeling lucky ..  It's a fun way to spend some of your day .. good friends having good times :), TGIF and 4pm is a great time to let the games begin..
Let Julie Lyon be your host with popcorn & cocktails starting at 4pm .. Get some darts & pool games in early .. practice makes perfect .. and the Silhouette has some of the best players for both games ..  
We now have Sarah Martin being your host at 9 pm on Friday nights and more than likely she will  be shooting a few games of pool before her bar shift..
Beware "She is Awesome at Both"   :), It's Hump Day & The Weather Is Great  Let's Get Together "Here & Celebrate"    Wednesday in Allston is Awesome and this place is as Allston as Allston can be .., Spring has Sprung  & It's time for Fun
Let's start it here with Free popcorn & Cheap beers
Play some darts or shoot some pool while you listen to your favorite tune and if your feeling Lucky you might just win a game of Keno or two :), Happy Saint Patrick's Day To All ..
May the Luck Of The Irish Be With You, It's a Long Weekend and if you are in Allston you know its going to be a Great One .. Beat the Rush and Join Us :)   The Earlier the Better  .. Good Times are all that you'll Find .., Hey folks let's forget about the weather Together and have some Fun on Hump Day ... all it requires is a slight desire to get out of your house and stroll on over to the Silhouette Lounge the place you know your friends will be found and join in on the nights festivity whether it be pool ..darts or just catching up .. It's always better when friends are around, There was an Engagement party in the dart room Saturday Night .. Turns out the happy couple had there very first date in the same room 3 yrs. ago  ..We Like When This Happens.., TGIF   Let's do it Up together right here at the Silhouette Lounge conveniently located smack in the middle of Awesome Allston
We are Good ..We are Fun ..We are priced lower than Anyone, Yup folks it's that day in the middle of the week "Wednesday"
Otherwise known as "Hump Day"   We just want you to know if you happen to be out Humping over all the mounds of snow to get to wherever it is you have to go "Why Not" give yourself a break and do something Just for  "You"  like trek on over to the Silhouette and enjoy a brew .. Nobody deserves it more than "You", This Just In ..The Silhouette Lounge Is Opening at 7pm ..
Yes Yes & Yes Keeping true to form with our Never Closing record the Silhouette Lounge will be Open for Business as Usual at 7pm tonight..  We will be Here because we Care and want to do our share of Keeping The Awesome In Allston..
Let The Games Begin Right Here At 7 pm
Just a reminder folks there is a parking ban, Due to yet another snow storm causing hazardous conditions and a request from the mayor we are very sorry to say the Silhouette Lounge will not be opening today at 12 pm ..  We are doing what we can to keep up with these winter storms and keeping Allston safe ..
Please check back later to see if we are able to Open for Business as Usual  for the evening hours...  
Thank You & Stay Safe .. The Silhouette Lounge Staff, Now playing at the Silhouette Lounge  "Sarah Court"
Friday the 13th was a very "Lucky Day" for those who came to the Silhouette Lounge to play because they all got to be served by "This Girl"  on her very first day .. This local girl is no stranger here the  only difference now is she will be serving you your beer.. 
Welcome to our team Sarah ..It's Awesome to have you, Weekends in Allston can be Awesome when your hanging with your friends at the Silhouette Lounge conveniently located at the corner of Brighton Avenue & Allston Street..
Our address alone is proof enough You can't get anymore Allston than the "Silhouette''
We are fun..We are cheap..We are the bar where folks choose to gather & meet

FYI we also have the one & only lovely Sarah Court making her first appearance as a Silhouette co-worker tonight ..come on by to give her a Big Hi-Five and make her night just Right, Throw Back Thursday with two of the Forever Ladies at the Silhouette Lounge ..Eliza & Irene..Been there done that & still a fun Team.. They are as local as local can be ..It's things like this that make the Silhouette Lounge The Place You Want To Be..
Good Times ..Low Cost ..Free popcorn All Night Long ''
Darts .. Buck Hunter .. Great Tunes ..Pool & Keno Too
All of this is waiting here  just for You, Open as usual at 4pm  .. The snow is a lot easier to handle when your looking at it from the inside of the Silhouette with friends .. a cocktail some popcorn and good tunes playing..
The way life should be in Allston when snowbound, Yes we are here ..Come on in lets have a Blizzard Jam, TGIF warm up here with tasty spirits and friends near & dear ..
Good Times on a Budget just for "You"  Because we care and it is the Right thing to do   It is just one of the ways we are doing our share of  "Keeping The Awesome In Allston", It's no Hump Day Today .. It's Toast & Boast Day for Boston ..
Once again we get to sing "We Are The Champions "Again"
Being a part of this celebration is Great doing so in Allston is
"Awesome"    Let's Do This & Let's Do It Here, The highlight of Friday Night was seeing this longtime regular walk through our door .. Whenever he is back in town the Silhouette Lounge is where he can be Found ..Our one & Only (aka) Steve Jinx
It's always a pleasure to see such Good Friends, This is what makes The Silhouette Lounge Rule 
Each and Everyone of You, Open time is 4pm a perfect time for you to come in and raise a toast once again to our #1 Football Team & There Amazing Win..
Sit inside and watch the snow fly by while you bask in the Glory of being a New Englander & knowing what we can do in 20 seconds .. play some pool ..darts & keno too while you listen to your favorite tunes .. shoot some buck hunter or maybe just the breeze while sitting on your favorite stool & have some popcorn, It's here at last that special football day and for all of us in Massachusetts it's Our Day To Shine .. No matter what's been said or done "Super Bowl Sunday Is A Lot O Fun" 
This year is  especially sweet with our Patriots going for the sweep..
Cheering your home team on in your home town bar "Awesome" and everyone knows that awesome feeling just can't be Beat ...
Go Pat's   Let's Do This 
There will wings delivered for you to enjoy (while they last) and of course our forever free popcorn all night long, Open 4pm .. Closing 1am  Time spent here in between nothing but Fun without making your wallet Lean 
Great Times .. Great People .. Great Prices 
We do what we can to help keep the Awesome in Allston, Don't be house bound anymore head on over to the Silhouette where the Good Times can be found ... We are cheap & we are fun .. 
We are Allston ..., Looking for a place to be where you can sit & watch the snow fly  by .. Then this is the place you want to be .. No snow days ..We are here 365 days a Year because we care .. No need to fuss there is nothing fancy about us we are that simple place where everyone likes to meet & greet :), It's Business As Usual At The Silhouette Lounge ..
Let's ride this Blizzard of 2015 out together doing what we have always done "Gathering here with friends and having Fun ..
What's better than watching a snow storm come down ..
"Watching it  here with your friends around" playing good tunes ..shooting some darts and pool or just sitting on your favorite bar stool ..
 So Come On In & Let The Blizzard Begin It's Time To Pass The Popcorn Around, Sunday at the Silhouette Lounge with not 1 but 2 of the biggest female football fans in all of Allston ..Alissa Krebs & Sarah Leib..serving you refreshing cocktails can only make your day & any football game that more exciting ..
Don't just take our word for it stop by and get on board for a fun filled cheering ride, Chilling At The Sil, It's Throw Back Thursday So Get Down & Throw It Down  With 2 Of The Forever  Bartenders At The Silhouette Lounge :::
Irene Davis & Eliza Jane Seastone  Always Fun Time Thursday, We hope everyone had a safe & happy holiday .... with that being said "Let's Do 2015 & Do It Up Good Right Here At The Silhouette Lounge smack in the middle of Awesome Allston...
Same O Same O Cheap Prices & Free Popcorn All Night Long, Happy New Year from all of Us at the Silhouette Lounge to all of You
We want to thank everyone for making 2014  a  great year in Awesome Allston and are looking forward to having another 12 months of good times with all of you and anyone new ..
There are no strangers in this bar and that my Friend is (just one of the reasons)  why we are Allston's Nu. 1 Dive Bar ...  "Happy 2015 To All", The Silhouette Lounge would like to Wish Everyone A Safe & Happy New Years Eve ... We are Open today 4pm till 2am .. We are Looking forward to Ringing in the New Year with You & want to Thank all of you that put us on the map as #1 Dive Bar Again .. we could not have done it without each & everyone of You..
The Silhouette Lounge is open on New Years Eve until 2am ..giving us an extra hour to spend with our patrons and we are looking forward to it with that being said we strongly suggest you get here early once our capacity is hit we can not allow anyone else in .. we have the extra hour to serve and party with those that are here but will not be letting anyone in after 1am ... 
Have a Safe & Happy Holiday Everyone & Once Again Thanks For Another Great Year  from All of  "The Silhouette Lounge Staff", Getting ready for the Big Ball Dropping ..Remember the Silhouette Lounge will open from 4pm until 2am tomorrow night "New Years Eve" and we suggest you get here before 1am...we will have Hats .. Noise-makers & a New Years Toast ..
Have a Safe & Happy Holiday Everyone, Thanks To All Of You That Made Christmas at The Silhouette Lounge Such A Fun & Awesome Night 
We are back to our regular hrs & are looking forward to another great weekend with all of you, Christmas Hours  ..Opening 6pm till 1am
Merry Christmas To All 
You know we'll be here when your done with the family cheer, The Silhouette Lounge Would Like To Wish Everyone A Happy & Safe Holiday ..from us to you "Happy Holidays"

Our Holiday Hours are ::: 
Christmas Eve 4pm ..last call at 9pm closing at 9:30
Christmas Day 6pm till 1am  Regular hrs.

New Years Eve 4pm till 2am we have an extra hr. to play 
we are open an extra hr. New Yrs. Eve but please try & get there early getting in after 1am may be extremely difficult

New Years Day and the rest of 2015 back to our regular hours .. Looking forward to another Great Year with All of You & anyone New, Travis has his Birthday Party every year right here at the Silhouette Lounge but this year was his first of many as a Married man .. he met the women of his dreams right here at the Silhouette Lounge  ..The now Becca Button Vautour 
Happy Birthday Travis & Congratulations To A Perfect Couple .. 
Mr. & Mrs Travis Vautour, Our Dart Champs  .., Any Given Thursday Night, It's the Weekend lets do this & do it right  ... Do it up here with Irene & Eliza Jane Seastone  again tonight .. We had so much Fun last night we want to do it again  and for this we need  You our new & old Friends ..., Happy Thanksgiving To All ... Open Time Today is 6pm
We hope everyone had a wonderful holiday but there is  a well known secret that we really want to share "At 6pm today you can join us here and play ..
Pool..Darts...Buck Hunter & Keno too all while you listen to your favorite tunes and watching some sports on the tube...
Just be sure to stop by & say hi what you choose to do is up to you
Welcome Friend, Wednesday Nov. 26th Open as usual at 4pm so come on in and let your Holiday begin ..avoid the rush get here Early and have fun with us.. "Thanksgiving Day we Open at 6pm"  the perfect time after dinner and family conversation to join your friends to shoot some pool and play some darts or maybe just sit back to enjoy a cocktail & relax  .., We Are Very Happy To Have Our "Boston Ranger Al"  Back & On Track With His Friday Night Pool Games ...
Welcome Home Friend, Thumbs Up from this "Happy Couple" & Now Officially On Our Site
Welcome Friends we are Happy to have you :), It was a Birthday Weekend for "Brian Milane" and Amy Tourigny made sure he made the rounds .. Thank You  for sharing some of it at the Silhouette Lounge :), We would like to welcome our newest staff member "Sarah Martin" to the Silhouette Lounge .. as most of you know Sarah Martin is not new to the Silhouette lounge the only change is on Friday nights she will be mixing your cocktails & serving you beers instead of winning at the pool table ..We Think This Is A Win Win For Everyone, This Is Allston Having A Great Friday Night, And then there were these three ..Happy as can be :), When Valerie Scott-Keys & Billy Brown make a visit back in Town the Silhouette Lounge is where they can be found having fun with Eliza Jane Seastone .., Just Another Fun Night In Paradise, It's long weekend time and we are here to help you make good use of your every dime .. Our Free Popcorn & $8.50 pictures allows you to wine & dine for under $9.00 .. We have Darts.. Pool .Buck Hunter..& Keno too .. 6 Big Flat TV Screens and a top of the line Juke Box that lets you play any thing you want to hear from your very own phone.. Let us help you make your money last while having a blast ..., There's no reason to be alone when you can have a "Totally Fun  Thursday Night With "Eliza Jane Seastone" 
Now playing at the "Silhouette Lounge" in Awesome Allston, Phil's Last Sunday Night :(   Although he will be filling in now & again Phil is moving on to pursue another venue ..We want to wish him the Best with his Quest & Thank him for sharing so many fun years here .. Known as the man with many hats it is a well known fact Hats On or Hats Off when it came to his work he was always on Top..
Thanks Phil Your Smile & Wit Will Surely Be Missed, Oh What a Night "Late September 2014" with the Usual Suspects  & Our New York Visitors now Good Friends, This Guy stopped by to say "Goodbye"  to his Bachelor Days 
We like when this happens .. Congratulations .., Wishing Travis Vautour & Becca Button The Best on there Wedding Day tomorrow ..It all started right here a few years ago ..
Congratulations To One Of Our Favorite Couples Ever, These 4 Usual Suspects are Officially Regular Customers of the Silhouette Lounge, She's here folks starting tomorrow  "Sarah Leib"  will be serving you popcorn & drinks at the Silhouette Lounge on Monday 4pm till close & Sunday evenings when she relieves our long time Sunday girl Alissa Krebs  
                                       "Girls Just Want To Have Fun", It's officially the weekend so come on in & let it begin ...
Good Times..Good People..Great Prices..Free Popcorn 
Pool ..Darts..Buck Hunter..Top of the line Juke Box.. 5 Big Flat TV Screens & Keno Too .. All of this is Here Just For You, Hump Day doesn't  have to be a Frump Day "All You Need Is Us"
We are always here with our Free Popcorn & Cheap Beer .. 
Also recently added for your pleasure we now have $3.00 individual size cheese pizza's ..
 That's right folks you can now have an Individual Size Pizza for the Price of a Slice ... Keeping Life Good In Our Neighborhood, Having Fun Until All Is Done, Welcome Friends Come On In ... Ready or not the newbies are here so lets Welcome them to Allston & share a few beers..
At the Silhouette we like to think of this time of year as the
"Meeting ..Greeting & Sharing Our Town & it does not take them long to realize that "Allston is Awesome & the Best Place Around", Its that weekend folks the last of summer & the start of Allston Christmas with everyone moving in & out or just relocating in the neighborhood  .. Avoid all the chaos come here & have a good time with us.    Good Times ..Cheap Price's .. Free Popcorn, Now serving "You" at the Silhouette Lounge .. Join us here for some Popcorn & Beer .. Let's make Hump Day a Fun Day, Fine Times With These Guys On Saturday Night, Happy Birthday To Our  "Thirsty Thursday"  "Fun Friday" &  "Sassy Saturday Night  Girl   "Julie Lyon"  We Hope You Have a Roaring Birthday Blast That Last & Last & Last, This Shout Out Is All About  One Of Our Very Own 
"The One & Only "Eliza Jane Seastone"  Happy Birthday Eliza 
Enjoy your Special day in your "Eliza" Fun kind of way
No matter what it is you do "Your Eliza Smile Always Shines Through", Gary Robley getting his fill of chill at the Sil for the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge, We love when this happens here .. "Meghan & Chris", Friday Night In Allston Is Always Awesome, Meet our two new "Best Friends from Sweden"
"Anton Nillson & Tim Slibbe Rosenqvist"  
 We want to Thank You for some very enlightening and fun conversations but most of all for making the Silhouette Lounge your Nu. 1 spot while visiting Allston .. We are already looking forward to your next visit.., "Happy 27th Birthday "Allston Diy Fest"  Thank You For Your Help In "Keeping The Awesome In Allston", Reunited with our gal pal & former coworker Kate Olson while she is back east for a visit always makes for a fantastic night .. No matter how short her visit may be or what time of year she is here  her friends in Allston & Brighton will always make a point of gathering together to see her because "Kate" Is Simply That Dear", Friday Night Live At The Silhouette Lounge ... The Bar Where The Fun Times Are Always Found, All Star It In Allston With Us .. Our Cheap Prices Are A Major Plus & As Usual The Popcorn Is Always On Us :), Happy July 3rd & 4th Folks .. Getting started with the holiday a day early gives us an extra day to play and if this sudden change in the holiday display has messed up all your well made plans we'll be here to help you make the most  of a messed up day...
Good  friends having a Good time is what you find when you join us here at the Silhouette Lounge the Fun place in Allston, Four for Four Today
Happy Birthday "Erin Human"
Happy Birthday "Bridget Boring"
Happy Birthday Matthew DeAngells"
Happy Birthday "Matthew Cutty Foster"
We Hope Each Of You Get To Celebrate Your Special Day In Your  Own Special Way   "Party On & Party Long", When in town this is where there found, Happy Birthday "Samantha Gordon" Happy Birthday To You
365 Days ago you & your friends gathered here raised a toast for your birthday & drank some beers 730 days ago the same thing had been done ... It is Officially Time This Party Begun, Amy Tourigny  today is Your Day and we would like to say
"Happy Birthday To You "Happy Birthday Dear Amy" Happy Birthday  To You .. Now it's time for the "Party To Start", Happy Birthday "Harley Cox" Happy  Birthday To You
Today is your day to party & play the "Harley Cox Way", Happy Birthday Shout Out Time for "Two Guy's"
Happy Birthday To You "Steve Vatour"
Happy Birthday To You "Logan Lagoa"
The Silhouette Wants To Wish You Both 
"The Best Birthday Yet", Today we are sending a "Happy Birthday Shout To Dave"
Happy Birthday "David Goscinak" Happy Birthday To You
We are hoping you get to "Party"  all weekend long .., Monday Monday So Good To You "Tim Webster"
We Are Sending Happy Birthday Wishes from Us to "You"
We Hope You Get To Party The Whole Day Through, Showing Off The Silhouette Lounge Bragging Rights With Pride & Taking The Opportunity To Thank All Of You That Help Make This Happen
This corner bar in Awesome Allston made the Top 100 list across the entire Nation for selling Pabst Blue Ribbon & we know we couldn't have done it without "You", The Best Friday the 13th Ever Happened Right Here, Want to make Friday the 13th your Lucky Day .. "Then come on over to the Silhouette Lounge & Play" 
Be a part of the fun gang and see for yourself why we are known as "That Corner Bar In Allston Where Everyone Likes To Hang", Happy Happy Joy Joy to Todays "Birthday Boy Jeff Dolin"
Today is All About You "Enjoy & Take It Away All Weekend Long, Hump On Over & Have Some Middle of the Week Fun in "Awesome Allston" for Next To None $$$, One for the money .. Two for the show .. Three to get ready ..
It's Time To Rock & Roll With The Birthday Flow:
Happy Birthday "Sal Monella"
Happy Birthday "Lauren McMullen"
Happy Birthday "Ian Sanity Tartasky"
Happy Birthday to all Three of Thee, The Silhouette Lounge would like to say "Happy Birthday Nic Roberston"  Happy Birthday To You .. 
It is Officially "Party Time", Our Lucky Day "Look Who Stopped By To Say Hi"
Marcus Benamati moved from Allston to Austin ..He said it was time to move on but he would be back to visit and true to his word he did along with his lady "Jessica" 
"Friendships made in Allston are made of a Special Bond", Wednesday is officially the middle of the week also known as "Hump Day" and what better way to ride out this day than to gather with friends right here at the "Silhouette Lounge" smack in the middle of "Awesome Allston" 
We Would Like Nothing More Than To Be "Stuck In The Middle With You" 
You get more for your Buck when you spend it with Us, From Allston to the British Columbia
We Want To Wish Evan Ramsey The Best Birthday Yet
We Hope You Celebrate "Allston Style"
Three Days of Party with Four Days To Rest 
Making Every Minute of Every Birthday The Best, And For These Three Wise Men Let The Party Begin 
Happy Birthday "Christopher Huling"
Happy Birthday "Jake Ryan"
Happy Birthday "Andrew F. Indingaro"
Know  what's great about having a Birthday on Hump Day .. Keeping the Party Going till Saturday Night with Sunday as a day of rest.. 
"It Is Officially Time To Party Like It's 1999", Let's Get The Word Out For Todays Birthday Shout 
Happy Birthday "Karen Kleiman"
Happy Birthday "Davenand Deonarine"
Today Is Party Day In Every Kind Of Way 
Party Hard & Party Long Party Until This Day Is Gone.., Happy Happy Joy Joy  To "Jeffrey Spencer" Todays Birthday Boy
Part Time Starts Here & Now 
"Enjoy Your Special Day Party On & Party Long", Good Friends Always Come Back To Gather Here .. This is where they met .. this is where they played .. this is where there lasting friendships were made, It's Another 3 for 3 Birthday Shout Out
Happy Birthday "Jacqui Beaulieu"
Happy Birthday "Mark McKee"
Happy Birthday "Power Dave"
Happy Birthday To All Three "Party Weekend Starts Now", It is officially the Weekend folks .. Let's do it up together here 
at the "Silhouette Lounge" The Good Time Place in Allston, It has been a year since you've been posted here .. So once again we are Shouting Out "Happy Birthday Kevin Sandberg" Happy Birthday To You ... Let's Get This Birthday Started ..., May Day May Day It Is Shout Out Time
Happy Birthday "Rebecca Fine" Happy Birthday To You
Happy Birthday "Michael Russo" Happy Birthday To You
With That Being Said "Let The Party Begin", Happy Birthday Weekend "Phil Slopak" Happy Birthday To You
Shake Rattle & Roll All Weekend Long "It's Party Time", Our "Happy Birthday" Shout Outs Are 4 for 4 Today...
What Better Way To Start A Birthday Weekend Than Having An Extra Day To "Play"  Let The Good Times Roll
Happy Birthday "Eponine Chandler"
Happy Birthday "Matt Charette"
Happy Birthday "Craig Lewis"
Happy Birthday "Parker Brodrick"
Party On & Party Long, And So It Begins .. Riding Out The Long Weekend In Allston?
Why not ride it out right here at the Silhouette Lounge your local staple where you can have a good time for a lot less which will allow you to enjoy your extra day off without a budget stress..
Come On In And Enjoy Your Long Weekend, Today Belongs To "Brenda Jayne Wynne" Our Birthday Girl
Happy Birthday "Brenda" You've Come Along Way Baby
Party Time Starts Today Going Strong All Weekend Long, Happy Birthday "Joe Berman" Happy Birthday To You..
Enjoy Your Special Day With Your Very Special Family..
We Just Wanted You To Know we Are Thinking Of You Too :), It Is A 3 for 3 Happy Birthday for 3 Fine Ladies
Happy Birthday "Rachel Clark"
Happy Birthday "Alexandra Valli"
Happy Birthday "Sarah Martin"
We Hope This Awesome Day Brings Lots Of Fun Your Way, Happy Birthday "Aristotle Nye" Happy Birthday To You
Play It Up Large & In Charge & Partying Hard, Good Time Thursdays, Thursday Night Live At The Silhouette Lounge ....., It's Another 3 for 3 Birthday 
Happy Birthday To Our Gansett  Girl "Lauren LoWreck Recchia"
Happy Birthday To Our Man in the Middle Beer Guy "Zachary Antczak" 
Happy Birthday To Our Barmaid-Waitress "Caroline Clark"
Happy Birthday To All Three Of Thee "Party On",  Another Honorable Mention For Being The Cheap Place To Have A Good Time
Thank You .. We Do All That We Can Do To Keep It This Way For You , Birthday Shout Out Time  ... Happy Happy  Joy Joy  To Our Birthday Girl & Boy    ..Party Time Starts Now"
Happy Birthday  "Jack Ruff"
Happy Birthday to our former Hawaiian Princess Barmaid & Pool Shark  "Zelda Anastos", Happy Birthday To Our Forever Everything Girl 
The One & Only "Robin Brodrick"  Happy Birthday To You, Shout Out For Todays Birthday People ....
"Happy Birthday little Miss Brooke Kacedoorian" Your booth will always be here & your friends near ..
"Happy Birthday Kyle Neeson" The man who lets the Dogs out ..
"Party Time Makes Everything Fine", Things To Do When Its Thursday & Raining ...
Go to the Silhouette & start playing ... Pool .. Darts .. Buck Hunter .. Golden Tee .. Our Awesome Top of the Line Juke Box .. & Keno Too .. We have All of this Here waiting for You along of course with our "Never Ending Popcorn" all night long, What Does "Allston & Austin" Have In Common "Birthdays"
Two of our own share this day "One is there & One is here" ..
Happy Birthday "Lindsey Croteau" our girl in Allston
Happy Birthday "Marcus Benamati" now in Austin 
Enjoy Your Special Day "Happy Birthday from The Sil", Todays Happy Birthday Shout Out Is All About "Ben Powell"
"Happy Birthday Ben" Its Your Day To Get Out & Howl"
"It is Game On and Party Time to do whatever makes You feel Fine"    "Enjoy Your Birthday Time", Happy Birthday Shout Outs For Today For M & M
Happy Birthday "Mike Berman" Happy Birthday To You
Happy Birthday "Mark Robillard" Happy Birthday To You 
What made this Birthday Weekend so much better was getting to 
see & spend some time with both of you ...
Thanks for Sharing Some Of Your Party Time.., This small town girl came from Wisconsin to attend the University of Boston and ended up Conquering Allston ..
She made many good friends and shared lots of great times that made her stay a lot longer than she originally planned .. 
She gave us a great run but the time has come for her to return to her 1st home we know visits are sure to come because Allston is also her 2nd home & "Home Is Where The Heart Is"
  Thanks for all the Laughs & Good Times To The One & Only
  "Janice Huesemann, Once a year they have a Reunion & Once a year they have it Here
No matter what town or state they now live the Silhouette Lounge has always been the number 1 bar they choose to be in..
Good Friends .. Good Times, null, It's The Weekend & If You Have Not Been Here You Have Not Been Anywhere     ..., It is Officially Your Day "Thom Termini" Happy Birthday To You
Do It Up Large & In Charge All Weekend Long
It's Party Time, This Happy Birthday Shout Is Traveling All The Way Down The East Coast .. From Allston To The Sunshine State We Would Like To Raise A Glass To Your Birthday Toast ..
Happy Birthday "Tim" aka  "Timbo"  "Timmy Touch" & now "Dad"
We Know This Will Be The Best Birthday You Have Ever Had
Congratulations & Happy Birthday From Allston to Florida, Our Crystal Ball Is Saying We Need To Shout Out A Big "Happy Birthday To "Krystal Gail" The Girl That Can Literally  Put A Happy  Face On Everyone With Her Magic Brush & Blush
Happy Birthday "Krystal" Wave Your Magic Wand & Party On, Happy Birthday To "Janice Huesemann" Our Fun Loving Girl Who Came From Wisconsin &  Stormed Boston ...
Happy Birthday Janice & Thank You For Being A Brighton & Allston Girl While Working In The Beantown World, The Silhouette Lounge & All Of It's Crew Would Like To Wish All Of You A Very "Happy Easter"

We are Open our regular hours "12pm to 1am"  So when the dinner is done & all the eggs have been found & your looking for a place with friends around throw on a jacket & be Silhouette Bound.., Watch Your Home Town Teams In Your Home Town Bar
The Silhouette Lounge Is The Best By Far
Pool .. Darts .. 2 Buck Hunters .. Best Juke Box .. Keno
6 Big Screens so wherever you are a TV can be seen
Cheap Prices & Always Free Popcorn All Night Long
Don't take our word come see for yourself why people say
"This Local Bar Is What Allston Is All About", What is it about Thursdays that make people want to get out and about and have a good time while spending very little $$$
"This Place"  The Silhouette Lounge in the Heart of Allston
Try Us "You'll Like What You Find", Cian Mathews the Silhouette Lounge "Your one time home away from home in America" would like to Wish You A Happy Birthday
"Happy Birthday Cian" Enjoy Your Special Day, Happy Birthday "Erin O'Leary"  Happy Birthday To You  
A Toast Will Be Raised & Games Will Be Played
In Honor Of "You" On Your Special Day, Today is  "Not Your Average Hump Day"  "Its Party Time"
Today Belongs To "Jobian Day" Happy Birthday Jobian
Today is all about you .. So Do It Up Large & In Charge
Party The Day Away the Jobian Way, Happy Birthday Shouts Being Sent Out ..
Happy Birthday "Laurie Toner"
Happy Birthday "Donald Jarvis"
Happy Birthday "Pete D. Knipfing"
Raise a Toast To What You Like The Most & When It's Done Just Do It Again "Today Is All About You" Let The Party Begin, Happy Birthday "Shane Webb" The Original Silhouette Lounge Funny Girl  Stand Up Comedy Queen   
Hope You Have A Fun Filled Day ... Party On Girlfriend, Shout Out Time  "Happy Birthday Jordan Nielson"
Today is "Your Day To Come Out & Play "   Party Time, Happy Birthday "Dan Mills" We Hope Your Day Is Full Of Play
With Lots Of Toasts Going Your Way 
This Ones For You Sir Mills From All Your Friends At The "Sil", The Staff Swapping Hats and then Swapping Back, Weekend Stuff, Happy Happy Joy Joy To Our Very Special Birthday Boys
Happy Birthday "Harrison J Schell"
Happy Birthday "Jake Jampel"
Enjoy Your Special Day Each In Your Own Special Way, Happy Birthday To Our One Time Poster Girl The One & Only
"Rebecca Long"  Friday Birthdays Are The Best You Can Party Hardy & Then Get Some Rest ..  Enjoy, Happy Birthday "Todd Bowman" Happy Birthday To You
It's Your Time To Shine & Enjoy Some "Todd Party Time"
Let The Games Begin "This Is "Your" Party Weekend", Happy Birthday "Jaclyn Amy" Happy Birthday To You
This is No April Fools It is a real "Happy Birthday Wish To You" 
It's time for you to come out to play & Enjoy your Special Day, Two is be better than 1 Because 2 Ladies are more fun then 1 
Happy Birthday Valerie Scott-Keys
Happy Birthday Leslie Xiao Yun
May You Each Raise A Toast In Each Hand & Party As Planned
Enjoy Your Special Day In You Own Special Way, Today Shout Out Is All About  "Ken Cmar"  Today is his Happy Birthday  .. Happy Birthday Ken "Happy Birthday To You"
Roll with it Ken & Play That Funky Music .. It's Party Time, Todd Wilson Celebrates Another 29th Birthday With A Full House, Happy Birthday To One Of Our Own 'Kristin Kubiak"
The One & Only "Kristin Kubiak" Also known as the Fun Loving Beautiful Green Eyed Red Head...
Happy Birthday "Kristin" Enjoy Your Special Day In Your Own Kind Of Fun Loving Way ..., Happy Birthday "Dave Henriquez" Rock On & Keep On Strumming
Today is "Your Day" to keep the Good Times Coming
Party Time Is Always Fine  "Enjoy & Spread The Joy", Let The Bands Jam & Guitar Strings Zing "Today is Todd Wilson's Happy Birthday & He Is About To Turn "29" Again ..
True To His Heart He Has Always Been .. So "Allston Is Where This Party Will Begin & End ... Happy Birthday Todd ...
Happy Birthday To You .. "Let's Do This large & In Charge", Happy Happy Joy Joy To "Grayson Wells" Todays Birthday Boy
Happy Birthday Grayson  "It's Party Time", Friday Night in the Heart of "Awesome Allston", Table Nu. 1 in the Silhouette Lounge would like to wish Manny Santos a Very Merry Happy Birthday ....
So many years we have spent together ..So much fun we have had ..So many secrets we have shared all of which will remain right here .. Today is Your Day & I Just Want To Say.....
                    Happy Birthday Man, The Lady of The Day Proudly Goes To "Amy Henn"
Happy Birthday "Amy" Happy Birthday To You
We Hope Your Birthday Weekend Begins & Ends
With Having Good Times With Good Friends 
Party Time Starts Now ..., Today's  "Happy Birthday" Shout Out Is Going Out To Two Of Our Finest Gents "Mr. Phil Bellini & Mr. Tim Roy
We Want To Wish The Both Of Them A Birthday Full Of Joy..
Hang On Allston This Party Is About To Get Rocking, It is Here because we Care ... You Asked & You Shall Have 
Yuengling has made its debut  "Just for You"  at the
Silhouette Lounge, Hear Ye Hear Ye "Graig Gaulzetti"  Are You Ready ?
"Today Is Your Birthday" So Put On You Party Face & Play Play Play"
Birthday's come but once a year so when they do it's time to Cheer
"Happy Birthday To You Sir  "Let The Party Begin", Today we have not 1 but 2 "Happy Birthday Shout Outs"
To not 1 but 2  "Awesome Lovely Ladies"
Happy Birthday To You "Sunny Marie Rissland"
Happy Birthday To You "Sarah Jane Mulcrone"
Happy Birthday All Weekend Long "Its Party Time", Marching Right Along With The Birthday Folks 
This Crew & Friends Gave "Thirsty Thursday" A Whole New Meaning .. Making friends is always great making friends with people that share the same birthday takes everything to a higher level ... Thank You All For Sharing Your Special Day, Today is a Four Happy Birthday Shout Out Day
Happy Birthday To You  "Sarah Leib"
Happy Birthday To You "Leigh M Darrell"
Happy Birthday To You "John Cohan"
Happy Birthday To You "Sami Polo"
Happy Birthday Ladies & Gents "Enjoy" & Let The Games Begin, Today is Not just your average Hump Day..Today is Triple R Day
Happy Birthday "Richie Carbone"
Happy Birthday "Roman Gardlik"
Happy Birthday "Roland Edwards"
Roll With It Gentlemen & Party On, Starting Today Our Hours To Play Have Changed 
Saturday & Sunday 12pm to 1am
Monday .. Tuesday & Wednesday 4pm to 1am
Thursday & Friday 3pm to 1am

The only actual change is Thursday & Friday with a slightly later open time everything else remains the same ..
Good Times with Good Friends for Very Little Money, Four Thumbs Up & Two Big Smiles For Friday Night At The Silhouette Lounge, Happy Birthday To Our Lady Friends Christine X. Judge & Katie Boyd  ... There is nothing Better than a "Friday Birthday" until Monday rolls around .. Party On All Weekend Long .., Happy Birthday to one of our own "Paul Thibedeau" our Wednesday night go to guy will be going going gone tonight..
Happy Birthday "Paul" Enjoy & Party Hardy, From the East Coast to the West We Are Wishing You The Best On Your Very Special Day "Happy Birthday Billy Brown" 
It Is Time To "Get Down With Billy Brown", Look who took a drive down the pike this guy "Daniel Ike"
A surprise visit from Dan makes for a Fun Day in Allston ..
Welcome Home Friend, Our Lady Of The Day "Mrs Meridith Bemben Verge"
Happy Birthday "Mrs Verge" It's Party Time, Our Sunday & Monday Night Go To Guy "Jeff" 
He is more than Happy to Meet & Greet you at our door, Sunday Night Live, Guess What Day It Is TJ Kierstead ..It's Your Day 
Happy Birthday To You ..Happy Birthday Dear TJ
Happy Birthday To You   Roll With It, Today Belongs To "Howie Scrape" All Day Long
Happy Birthday "Howie" Let The Party Begin & Never End, This Happened Last Night "Surprise Surprise" And A Great One At That ..., Four Score Our Happy Birthday Roar 
Happy Birthday "Kathi Tam"
Happy Birthday "Doug Kearse"
Happy Birthday "Jessica Doliber"
Happy Birthday "Katya Wickiewicz" 
Happy Birthday To You ..Enjoy Your Day In A Fun Way, Leaving No Stone Unturned  "Happy Birthday Ronnie Stones", This Birthday Shout Is All About "Tim Catz" Happy Birthday Tim 
Tim Catz Knows Where It's At & At "49" His World Is "FINE"
Party Hardy Tim & Just Keep On Rocking, Happy Birthday To Our Flower Girl The One & Only "Marianne Lynch"  Hope You Have A Blooming Day 
It's Party Time "Let The Games Begin & Never End", Saturday Night Is Better Than Just All Right It Is Perfect, They may be out of Town but they will never be out of Bounds..
Happy Birthday "Liz Murphy" & Happy Birthday "John Macy"
Regulars Forever No Matter Where They Roam The Silhouette Lounge Is There Home Away From Home..
Happy Birthday "Liz" & John" Enjoy Your Special Day, The Friday Night Usual Suspects, What does Sike Mimmons & Marcus Tang have in common..
A Happy Birthday Wish from the Silhouette Lounge .That's What
Happy Birthday Guys  .. Enjoy Your Special Day, Mayday Maday The Silhouette Lounge Wants To Say 
"Happy Birthday To You "Joe Difazio" Happy Birthday Joe 
It's Party Time, Wednesday Open 4pm .. No snow days here .. We offer a great way to get rid of The Snow Day Blahs .. Darts ..Pool .. Video Games & any tune you wish To download on our Top of the Line Juke Box topped off with dirt Cheap Prices & all the Free Pop-Corn you can eat .. Let's face it folks The Silhouette Lounge just can't be beat.., Happy Birthday "Sarah M Duggan" Party Time Starts Now, Sending a Birthday Wish from the Allston Gang to our girl 
"Allison Lang"  Happy Birthday "Allie" Happy Birthday To You, Happy Birthday  "Sarah Court"  Today Is All About You
Enjoy Your Special Day..Party Party Party All Night Long, If Your Going To Do The Weekend Right Then This Is The Place To Spend Your Nights  ..
Join Us For Good Times With The Cheapest Prices You Can Find
Enjoy Free Popcorn All Night Long .. There is Pool ..Darts & Video Games Along With A Top Of The Line Jukes Box That Will Let You Play Any Song 
Give Us A Try & You Will See Why This Local Bar Is Known Country Wide, We Would Like To Send A Happy Birthday Shout Up The Creek to
"Chris Keene"  a Watertown Boy Who Went All The Way Up The  Stream With The Well Known Band   "Mean Creek" 
Happy Birthday Chris & Congratulations, Happy Birthday "Deirdre Maloney" Happy Birthday To You, Happy 31st Birthday To Our Neighbor "Ritual Arts"
Thank You for doing all you do to help keep Allston Awesome, This Birthday Shout Is All About "Jen Kennedy"
Happy Birthday To You Jen Enjoy Your Special Day, Saturday Night Early & Late, Happy Birthday To Our Ladies Of The Day :
Bridget Zerner & Lacy Astra
Happy Birthday Bridget & Lacey "Enjoy Your Special Day", Happy Birthday "Andrew Lee Dodd" Happy Birthday To You
Party On & Party Long "Enjoy", Come Out Come Out Where Ever You Are "Robert O'Donnell"
Today Is Your Day To Come Out & Play & Do Up Allston The Rob O'Donnell Way ... One Bar At A Time ...
Happy Birthday Rob Happy Birthday To You ;) Party On, This Birthday Shout Is Going Out To "Dana Recker" Happy Birthday To You Dana .. It's Party Time, FYI  This place right here The Silhouette Lounge conveniently located in the Heart of Awesome Allston has made this country's Top Ten List for our sales of Pabst Blue Ribbon Beer ..
We would like to take this opportunity to say "Thank You" to all our patrons who helped give us these "Bragging Rights" & put this bar on the map nation wide for the place to be when its Boston they want to see, null, Happy Birthday "Gillian Kahn" Party On & On All Weekend Long .., Let's Hear It For Our Girl Ashley Collins All Together Now
Happy Birthday "Ashley" Happy Birthday To You 
From All Of Us At The Silhouette Lounge :), Friday Jan 10th 2014, Welcome Friends .. Annie & Mel just moved in to the neighborhood and with Dad's approval have decided that the Silhouette Lounge with its easy laid back ways is the place they  want to hang & play, It's Weekend Time People "Weekend In & Weekend Out Right Here At The Silhouette Lounge" In Awesome Allston, Double The Pleasure "Happy Birthday To The Mr. & Mrs."
Happy Birthday To Our Lady Of The Day "Ashley McNeely (McEachern) & Happy Birthday To Her Spouse "Steve Quix"
It appears the stars lined up a Perfect Mix when these two with the same birthdays decided to get hitched ..
"Enjoy Your Special Day Forever Together", Let It Snow  Let It Snow  Let It Snow 
FYI  if your looking for a place to Go we want you to Know that we are "Here" open our regular hrs 12pm to 1am because when it comes to our customers the Silhouette Lounge "Truly Cares" .., Happy Birthday Gary Robley & Joshua Kirkwood From All Of Us At The Silhouette Lounge .. Enjoy Your Special Party Day, Happy New Year  "Let's Get 2014 Off to a Great Start together Right Here at 4pm with Cheap Drinks .. Free Popcorn .. Great Tunes.. & some Pool & Darts, Thanks For The Great Time 2013, Happy Birthday To Our Lady Of The Day  "Becca Button"
Here's Wishing You A Very Special Day & A Happy New Year.., Join us for A Happy New Year's Eve  Right Here At The Silhouette Lounge .. Good Friends ..Good Times & The Best Pricing You Can Find .. We Will Have Hats .. Noise Makers & A Champaign Toast Along With  An Extra Hour To Be Your Host... 
"Open 4pm To 2am"  We Are Open Until 2am New Years Eve
Lets Bring In The New Years Together Again, Reunion Time Is Always Fun & Curtis Is A Perfect Fit In Allston ... We are looking forward to there next trip back ..plans will be made and a gathering will take place ... Notice To Follow, Look Who Was Here Last Night "Kate & Her Mate", Todays "Happy Birthday Shout Is All About You "Kevin G Freshfruit" "Happy Birthday "Kevin" Happy Birthday To You
Roll With It Right Here With all Your Friends Near & Dear, Merry Christmas To All   "Christmas Hrs. 4pm to 1am"
Join Us Here For Some Holiday Cheer 
Life is Good in this Neighborhood, Christmas Eve Hours 1pm to 9pm ..Come on if for a relaxing cocktail before or after your last bit of shopping...
Or maybe just to get out of the hustle & bustle .. there is really no reason that needs to be given "You Should Just Treat Yourself Because It Tis The Season", Happy Birthday To Our Man "Sean O'Boyle" Happy Birthday Birthday Boy... Enjoy & Party On, null, Friday Night  In The Heart Of Allston 02134, Saturday Night Live in 02134, Santa & two of his helpers stopped by .. It was a pleasant surprise, It's Time For 1 2 3 Birthday Shout Outs ... 
Happy Birthday "Hallie Abacherli"
Happy Birthday "Michael Gill"   "The Man In The Middle"
Happy Birthday Day "Rita Kostiuk"
Happy Birthday To All 3 Of You All Weekend Long "Enjoy", Still The Charmer & Lots Of Fun James Sklaver Shares His "Happy Birthday" & A Game Of Darts With His Friends .. Oh What A Night, Happy Birthday Shouts For Mr. Dave Tree ..Happy Birthday Sir
Happy Birthday To Thee .. Enjoy Your Special Day :)
Party On & Party Long "Party Party Party", Travis's Birthday Party Dec 13 2013, Happy Birthday To Our Man "James Sklaver" He's The Man With A Plan... A Talented Chef & A Master Of Cocktails & Fine Wine..
For many years this man has come here sharing his smile & charm with everyone he finds ..
Enjoy Your Special Weekend  "Jim"  Party Long & Hardy, This Guy Shared His Birthday With Us & He Gave The Silhouette Lounge Two Thumbs Up .. This Guy Rules ..
Thank You For Sharing Your Special Day "Will Carlson" We Love It When You Come Into Play  ..., Happy Birthday Wishes Are Being Sent Out To Not One But Two Of Our Favorite Men..
Happy Birthday To You Travis Vautour
Happy Birthday To You Mike Van Buren 
Birthdays on Friday the 13th are not just a Birthday but a Major Event ... Enjoy Your Special Day & Party Hardy, We would like to Shout out a "Big Happy Birthday" to "Will Carlson"  who may no longer live right up the street but still visits the Silhouette Lounge a few times a week.. 
Happy  Birthday Weekend To You "Will" Enjoy & Party Long & Hardy, "Happy Birthday To Our Very Own Saturday Afternoon Man In Charge Who Always Greets You With A Smile "Sean Gannon " 
Happy Birthday To You Sean Enjoy Your Special Day, Darryl Shepard Came Back To His Roots at  His High Table With His Popcorn & Beer ..  Right Here, Winning & Grinning, Good Times All The Time At The Silhouette Lounge, Three of a kind on throw back night, Wednesday Night Friends Back In Allston Again, Wednesday Night Was An Awesome Throw Back Night .., They Met Right Here At The Silhouette Lounge ... They Played Some Darts ..Enjoyed Some Cocktails ..Shared Some Popcorn And Now Are Going To Share The Rest Of There Life Together ..
Congratulations To Becca Button & Travis Vautour On There Engagement .. Good Things Happen Here, Happy Birthday "Tara Sellios" Happy Birthday To You
Enjoy Your Special Day, Friday Night & With These Four Guys at the Silhouette Lounge  Are So Much Better Than Friday Nights With Five Guys, Todays Birthday Shouts Are Going Out To..
Paige Steven & Mrs Mercer Livingston Smith Looper
Happy Birthday Ladies Enjoy Your Special Day "Party Time", Happy Holiday To All ... The Silhouette Lounge will be open for Cocktails & Good Times at 6pm & we would really like for you to come on in ...  All you can eat Free Popcorn for dessert .., The Silhouette Lounge Would Like To Wish Everyone A "Happy Thanksgiving"   
We will be opening up on Thanksgiving Day at 6 pm and would be more than happy to have you all come in .. Let us be the one you choose for your after dinner fun, Thank You Ally Tully For Sharing Your Days In Allston With Us , Happy Birthday To Our "Singer .. Model .. Actress .. Ally Tully"
From All Your Friends & Fans at the Silhouette Lounge ...
Enjoy Your Special Day, Happy Birthday To "Lisa Louise" our once upon a time Bartender .. This feisty little red head who is as quiet as a lamb went from serving drinks & beers to teaching body slams .. she now is a "Jiu Jitsu & Fitness Instructor" .. It's All Part Of The Job..
Enjoy Your Special Day Lisa, Building with Jim McGrath, A special night at the Silhouette Lounge with Boyd Nielson, Must be Thursday Night in Allston, Surprise Surprise, Happy Birthday To Our Lady Of The Day "Rebecca Margolin"
Hope You Get To Party On & On All Weekend Long, Happy Birthday To One Of Allston's Finest "Nick Drummond"
Head Muay Thai at Brazilian Top Team & Wai Kru Mixed Martial Arts Instructor in Allston .. Happy Birthday Nick & From All of Us at The Silhouette Lounge & Thank You For Doing More Than Your Share of Keeping Allston Awesome.., Our Man Bruce Patronizing His Favorite Allston Hang .. 
He enjoys cheap pictures of beer with a little keno action & some fun conversation over a bowl of fresh hot popcorn at the One & Only Silhouette Lounge, Jackie Fortier today is a Really Really Big Day for You..
So all of Allston would like to sing you this Song
Happy Birthday "Dear Jackie Happy Birthday To You"
(ps booth number 1 is where you belong), Happy Birthday To "Aurore Ounjian" The Little Lady That Strums & Hums With "Mean Creek"
For many years we have been your fan as you have been one of ours and we know this bond will forever continue on..
However "Today Is Your Day & All About You'"  So We Are Shouting Out This Special "Happy Birthday To You"
"Happy Birthday "Aurore" Happy Birthday To You.., Happy Birthday "Andrew Hangyal" From The Watering Hole That Kept You Afloat When You Needed It Most ...
Those Last Two Years Of School Were Some Of Our Best Times Ever :)    Party On Our Friend You Have Earned & Deserve It, A visit from the "Birthday Man"  The Man In The Middle 
"Sam Nevin puts the finishing touch to his "Happy Birthday" the Silhouette Lounge Way ..., When in Allston "Dick & Ann are Silhouette Lounge Fans", Our Man Phil At The Sil, Friday Night at The Silhouette Lounge, Happy Birthday To Our Pedaling Rocker The One & Only
"Sam Nevin"  Happy Birthday To You, Today we are passing  "The Crown To Our Man Jason Leach"
Happy Birthday To You Jason the man who never Frowns & can always be found with a Crown because he is both Loyal & Royal.., Well Alrighty Allston Are You Ready For Another Night Of Awesome... If the answer is Yes then we will see you right here at the corner of Brighton Ave & Allston St the place where people like to meet know all around town as the "Silhouette Lounge" where the Good Times can be found..., Paul Nicholas Today Is Your Day & This Is Your Post .. 
"Happy Birthday To You & May You Raise Your Glass To A Birthday Toast"    "Happy You Day Paul", Happy Birthday "Jenn Kelly" Happy Birthday To You :), This Shout Out Is To Our Very Own "Robert Goldstein" Our Tuesday Night Man With A Winning Dart Plan ..
Hope You Enjoy "Your Special Day", Allston is Wishing You a Happy Birthday "Paige Dalton" Happy Birthday to You "Enjoy", We Want To Welcome These Three Fine Gent's To The Silhouette Lounge Establishment  .., This Happened Right Here Last Night "Hannah Neale" Is Back Is Back In Town & This Is Where She Can Be Found..
We Have Missed You Hannah, It's Friday & Time To Party & Who Better To Party With Than Our  "Happy Birthday Girl Carol Warren" Happy Birthday Carol 
We are 99.9999999999 percent sure this night is going to Roar, Happy Birthday To The Master of Frightful Looks "Our One & Only Justin Brooks"  Movie making may have taken you away but Allston will always be your place to play..
Happy Birthday "Justin" Enjoy Your Special Day, Happy Birthday Times Two To Michael & Loosey Chabot "Happy Birthday To You " Enjoy" Have a "T Bone for Two", Happy Birthday Kathy Popovich Minucci From All Of Us In Booth Number 1 .. We Are Wishing You A Day Full Of Fun :), Happy Birthday To Our Author Friend "Timothy Gager" Today This Article Is Just For You "Happy Birthday "Tim" Happy Birthday To You" .. It's Party Time, Happy Birthday To The Lovely Lady With The Magic Touch For Cooking "Food For The Band" The Only Thing Better Than Her Special Dishes Is Her Beautiful Strong Self ..
Happy Birthday "Julia Nahmias" Happy Birthday To You, Happy Birthday "Jonathan Natale" It's Your Day To Party Party Party & Then Party Some More  "Enjoy", We want to wish you a Big Happy Birthday "Zach French" we hope you get to enjoy your Special Day the Allston Way .. 
Eat ..Drink & Be Merry (for 3 days) Party On & Party Long, "Go Red Sox"  Let's Do This BOSTON  "Red Sox Nation", Happy Birthday "Pat Faherty" Happy Birthday To You ..
Keep on Strumming & Enjoy Your Special Day ..., Today's Birthday Shouts are All About "Mike Human" & "Daniel Sanchez"  Happy Birthday Mike who just happened to meet the Love of his Life on a Tues. night right  here at the Silhouette Lounge &  now are Mr. & Mrs. with 2 little His 'es ..
Happy Birthday Daniel Sanchez who also is settled into the Good Life with family .. Hoping You Both Enjoy Your Special Day, Three Mime's Walk Into A Bar ..., People Get Ready There Are Games A Coming and There Coming Our Way .. We of course are Rooting for the Home Team.. Let's Hear It For The Boys "Go Red Sox" Bring it on Home...
Boston has the Best & everyone wants to put us to the test..
Let's show them how Great we really are Let's take the World Series Nice & Easy with No Mess No Fuss & Above All No Ruckus..
It's Time To Show Them What We Are Made Of.. Play Ball, A pleasant surprise at closing time "Sarah pays a visit to the hood"
She shared hugs & high fives along with a quick shot of Jose before heading on to more places to play..  We were more than Happy that she made it our way :), Hey There Ed St. Germain ..Greg Boerman & Kristin Connolly .. 
Happy Birthday from all of Allston to the Three of You
Happy Birthday  Happy Birthday  Happy Birthday To You
It's Party Time  ..  Times Three, Hey There  Tay Lor This Happy Birthday Wish Is Just For You
We Hope Your Get To Party The Whole Day Through .., The Silhouette & Its Crew Are Shouting Out A "Happy Birthday To You Dave Pappas"  "Party On & Party Long", Sheeee'ss Back Eliza Jane Seastone is back from Montana &  back to work .. Stop on by to say Hi & give a few Cheers for our Teams while you kick back & enjoy a few cold beers ... 
Enjoy Allston at its Best ..Casual .. Cheap & Fun for Everyone .., Score at 4 .. Watch the Sox at the Sil while you get your fill of fresh hot popcorn & ice cold beer ...
Cheer For Your  Home Team at Your Home Town Bar ...

Go Red Sox ..Bring it On Home This is Boston & We Are Strong, Mike & Erin Human 10yrs after meeting here & 6 yrs of Wonderful Bliss with there 2 protégé  on there yearly visit September 2013, Great Things Happen At The Silhouette Lounge 
Ten Years ago these two Awesome People met right here.. Four Years later they got married and they still come back to visit every year ..  Each with a child by there side .. Together Forever, "Tonight A Good Time Will Be Had  .. Pool & Darts Will Be Shot .. Popcorn Will Be Eaten .. People Will Be Drinking .. The Red Sox Will Be Winning & Music Will Be Playing .. Doing All This At The Silhouette Lounge Helps Put More Money In Your Savings..
Good Times For Less When You Spend Your Time With Us, It's a Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood & for a Wonderful Time In the Neighborhood we think you should join us here for free popcorn & cheap cold beers all weekend long .. There is an extra day for you to play with Monday being Columbus Day ..
So stretch your bucks & come see us .. Conveniently  located smack in The Heart of Awesome Allston ..., Happy Birthday To Our Happy Face Man The One & Only
"Mr. Dennis Dobbins Jr." The Good Time Guy 
Happy Birthday To You Dennis "It's Party Time", Happy Birthday "Brianna Bernard" Happy Birthday To You
This Lovely Lady Has Been A Sil Girl For As Long As She Has Been Legal .. The Bond Is So Deep She Had The Silhouette Lounge Logo Tattoo Put On Her Arm ... Our Forever Girl, Weekends in Allston at the Silhouette Lounge, Weekends in Allston, Happy Birthday Mr. James Beck Quelle ..Happy Birthday To You..
Party On & Party Strong Just Party Party Party Long.., Double The Pleasure Double The Fun With  Our Own Double D's
Donald & Doug, Todays Special Lady Of The Day Is "Danielle Benson" Happy Birthday Danielle...Here's Hoping You Rip This Day Up In Your Own Awesome Way..., They said they would & they did & another Great Time was had by all  with "The Haverlick Family", Shouting Out "A Big Happy Birthday To Our Happy Face Friend The One & Only "Joe McMahon" The Music Man 
Happy Birthday Joe ..Roll With It, To This Guy We Say "Happy Birthday Rob Reilly"
Keep This Game Face On & Party On our Friend, Happy Birthday To Our "Men of Music" Andrew Wilson & Ian Clark who are both getting this month of to a Great Start ..Sharing there Special Day Each In There Own Special Way..
Happy Birthday Ian Clark "Happy Birthday To You"
Happy Birthday Andrew Wilson "Happy Birthday To You"
We Hope The That Each Of You Get To Do Whatever It Is That You Want To Do  .. Enjoy & Party Hardy, We Are Sending A Big Shout Out To The Curran Brothers 
Happy Birthday To John Curran & James Curran
It is a Double Your Pleasure & Double Your Fun When These Two  Manage To Double Up ...
Happy Birthday To You John & Happy Birthday To You James 
We Hope You Get Together Soon & Bring The Fun Our Way..
We Are Always Up For A Double Play, Two Best Friends Share The Same Best Day Every Year 
And Always Share A Birthday Toast  Right Here
Happy Birthday Holly Pelletier and Scott McClain 
Happy Birthday To Both of You ..Double The Pleasure & Double The Fun Together As Always Before This Day Is Over & Done ..
Party On & Party Long, One of our All Time Favorites .. Fun Loving Karen .., Happy Birthday To Our Man From Detroit City "Larry Litogot"
From The Motor Town To Rock City This Man Just Keeps On Beating To His Own Drum .. Roll With It Larry & Party Hardy, Lets Hear It For The Boys 2 Birthday Shouts Are Going Out
Happy Birthday  "Michael Stainslaw Swid"
Happy Birthday "Mark Balboni"
With Mark on the West Coast & Michael on The East Coast..
We Will Raise A Toast In Each Hand In Honor Of Each Man..
Enjoy & Party On, Happy Birthday "Jillian Martin" Happy Birthday To You ..
We Wish You The Very Best On This Very Special Day & Hope You Enjoy It In A Very Special Way Doing Whatever "Jillian" Wants To Do ..., Tonight  At The Silhouette Lounge Eliza Jane Seastone & Irene will be serving up the brew with baskets of popcorn just for "You"
Good Tunes ..Good Times .. Good People and Great Prices is what you'll find when its our door that your behind ...
Check Us Out & See For Yourself What Everyone Is Happy About.., The Count Down Is On ..In Less Than 24hrs Allston Will Be Rocking.., Happy Birthday "Joshua Cross" Happy Birthday To You
Party On & On & On All Weekend Long, This Sunday , In 3 Days This Is Happening ... Be Sure To Join In For A Great Day In The Neighborhood
Keeping Neighbors Together is a "Big" part of Keeping Allston Awesome, Happy Birthday To You Nick Pereksta & When You Have Your Toast In Austin Be Sure To Have A Toast In Your Other Hand From All Your Friends In Allston .. Party On Our Friend, Today's Birthday Shout Is All About ..Michelle K. Mastrioanni
Happy Birthday To You Michelle ..Enjoy & Party Hardy, Happy Birthday "Payton Crawford" Happy Birthday To You
The only thing finer is having "The Allston Diner" serve you up one of there Great Home Cooked Meals ..Enjoy Your Special Day, The One Thing You Can Be Sure Of In Allston 
The Silhouette Lounge, Get Ready For A Great Time Allston  , Welcome to our new friends who found there Favorite new spot to be in ..., From Allston to Austin This Shout Out is for Chris Thompson ... Happy Birthday "Chris Thompson" Happy Birthday To You
We Miss You Man So Come Back For Visit As Soon As You Can..
Party On & Party Hardy, Hey everyone it is Officially Friday The 13th .. Play it safe & stick with The Silhouette it is and always will be Your Best Bet..
There are people to meet & things to do because at The Silhouette Lounge we do our Best to make it All About You.., Red Sox at 7pm .. Patriots at 8:25pm .. Darts & pool all day & night .. target practice with Buck Hunter & Big Buck Safari & Keno too .. did we mention the cheapest pricing around town .. Enough said .. So if it's Allston that your bound then the Silhouette is the Place to be Found, "Happy Birthday "Mikee Rheault"
For many years you have come here bringing nothing but "Cheer & Joy"  Today is "Your Day" & We Would Like To Say "Happy Birthday To You Birthday Boy"   Enjoy & Party On, Guess What Day It Is .. Go Ahead Guess What Day It Is .. Well Fa Rump "Today is Justin Kelly Day" Yes Today is his Happy Birthday
All Day & All Night Long 
So if you see Justin Kelly along your way be sure to wish him a "Big Happy Birthday"    That Is All, Three Fine Guys Sharing One Fine Day Each In There Own Special Way..
Happy Birthday Alex Betancourt .. Happy Birthday Jeff Rowe & Happy Birthday Rick Smith 
No only do they share the same Birthday but all 3 of these fine men are Musically Inclined & The Silhouette is one of there Favorite Finds ..., Here they are The Silhouette Lounge CDL Platinum Division Summer League Champions "The Flyin' Donkeys"
The Silhouette is where you find "The Best of The Best", Happy Special Day To You "Stacy Sullivan" Here's To Making Your Birthday Lot's Of Fun .. Party On Girl Friend Party On .., Happy Birthday To You "Caela Scott" We Know Your Day Will Be Full Of Play ..When Your Around It's The Only Way.. Enjoy, Happy Birthday from Allston To You "Jillian Fennimore" ...
We Hope This Special Day Brings Nothing But Great Things Your Way ... Enjoy, This Shout Out Is Going Out To "Mr. Mike O'Brien"
Happy Birthday To You Mike Enjoy Your Big Day, Some More Of Our Awesome People ... Now You Know Why The Silhouette is The Hot Spot, Allison Lang Reunites With The Gang ..these kind of reunions don't happen enough but when they do it's the Silhouette Lounge that they choose .. This is where they always met & this is place they will Never Forget .. It is called Lasting Friendships, Allison Lang Reunites with some of The Gang, Party On To Our Birthday Friends & Friday is The Best Day For The Party To Begin  ...
Happy Birthday  To You "Massiel Grullon"
Happy Birthday  To You "Keith Bennett"
Happy Birthday  To You "Bette Spaghette"
Enjoy Your Special Day Doing It Up In Your Own Special Way, Happy Birthday to "Our Long Time Man The One & Only "Earl J Brown"   It's Always Great When He's Around ..
Enjoy Your Birthday Weekend Earl "Party On", Happy Birthday "Josh J-Raff Carrasco" Happy Birthday To You, Simply Classy & Extremely Comfortable .. The only thing Cheap here are Our Prices & of course Our Free Popcorn, Look What We Have For You ..These Comfy Fancy New Stools ..
Looking Good In Our Hood at the Silhouette Lounge, We are Shouting Out Loud & Clear A Birthday Wish To Someone Dear "Happy Birthday To You "Rachel Cohen" Happy Birthday To You .... Party On Pretty Lady, Happy Birthday Jessy Drastic .. May Your Special Day Be "Especially Fantastic", Friday Night Live, Happy Birthday To Our Very Own "Gal Friday" Jack of All Trades
The One & Only Special Lady "Alissa Krebs"  
The Girl With The Winning Smile  "Happy Birthday Alissa", Hey Allston we are Ready .. Question is are You .. Let the Moving Out & Moving In Begin .. All we ask is for "Everyone" to have a valid I.D. if  it is in  "The Silhouette"  that you want to be.. It's the Law & it's a must & it is Our Scanner that we Trust..
Now that  you know how we roll "Welcome Friend" we have it all right here for you ..Darts..Pool..Buck Hunter..Super Safari..Shuffle Board ,,Top of Line Juke Box where you can download any song & you can also do this with your phone without leaving your seat.. 6 Big Flat TV Screens & the the Mass State Lottery too...
Add $8.50 pitchers of Beer & free popcorn all night long there is just no way a person can go wrong when they enter Here
If you feel you want a little more we also have Individual Size Pizza for $6.00 .. Have a large crowd then feel free to order a large pizza or food of your choice to bring in or delivered ..
We are the Best Dive Bar By Far ..Check Us Out & see for Yourself, Sad but True this guy is leaving Awesome Allston to ride the bull in Austin ... We want to wish you the best of luck with that & are looking forward to seeing you on your visits back.. 
Thanks Nick for sharing that winning smile with all of us as often as you did it will certainly be missed especially at the pool table & the window in the dart room ...
Be sure to take your darts & pool stick & let everyone know that Allston is where you learned your tricks ..We miss you already, Congratulations to the  Silhouette  "Flyin' Donkeys"  Dart Team For Bringing Home The "CDL Platinum Division Summer League Championship"
And to the entire Team we would like to say
Hip Hip Hurray..Way To Play..If Anybody Could We Knew You Would  "Great Dart Players Having a Great Time"
Thank You for taking us on this "Exciting Ride", A Big Hurrah to our man Phil & his fellow pool team members who were last season's local Champions that won them a trip to Vegas & an entrance into the Country's Pool Tournament...
There were 713 teams & they came in 129th and Won $1000.00 
Pretty darn good for there very 1st season playing together as a team, Happy Birthday To You "Johnny Nofingers" Happy Birthday To You...   Enjoy Your Special Day  ...
Hey here's an idea "Why not pull up a Chair & join us for a Beer", Hey everyone catch "Kristin Kubiak & her Strange Act Live at the Silhouette Lounge till 7pm ..That's when Eliza comes in to start the Thursday Night shift and later joined by Irene when she makes the scene at 9pm... Bottom line on this fine day is "No Matter What Time You Join In that's when Your Fun Begins..

"Welcome Friend", Sending Out A Big Birthday Shout To Not 1 but 2 of Our Forever Customers... 
Happy Birthday Zoe Smith & Happy Birthday Luke Savadyga 
It's Double Down & Party On Time All Weekend Long.., Happy Trails to you Steve Jinx ..We are going to miss this entrance and all the fun it brings with it  ..
We are already looking forward to your first visit back, Congratulations Robin Guidry & Parker Brodrick for Tying the Knot.. What Happens in Vegas does not always stay in Vegas..
with that being said when you return a Toast will be made in Honor of this Wonderful Day with all of your friends "The Silhouette Way", Happy Birthday To You "Helen A. Handbasket-Bull" We Hope You Grab This Day By The Horn & Party Hardy All Night Long.., Happy Birthday To The One & Only Ms Gen Gnar .. Happy Birthday To You.. Enjoy..Party On & Take This Birthday By Storm, A "Toast Among Friends" Because  "Life is Good", Zack made a trip back and is now  "The Reverend Zack"  His happy face would always grace this place when he lived right up the street and whenever he pays a visit back to Bean Town this is the place his "Happy Face" can be found..., Happy Birthday "Kristin Recker Day" Today is Your Day .. All Day & All Night Long We Will Be Singing  To You This Song..
Happy Birthday Dear Kristin "Happy Birthday To You" 
Party On & Enjoy Your Birthday Weekend, We all know "What Day It Is" .. So Let's Just Ride It Out Together & Make It That Much Better .. We Will Be More Than Happy To Smooth The Humps Out Of Your Day The Silhouette Way with
"Cheap Fun For Everyone", Happy Happy Joy Joy To This Birthday Boy "The One & Only Mr. Darryl Shepard"   Party Hardy & Keep on Strumming, Melissa's Dirty Thirty Birthday Party Brightens An Already Fun Packed Night By Choosing The Silhouette To Shine There Lights..
These Party Goers Were A Lot Of Fun & They Made Our Night By Sharing It Here With Everyone.. "Happy Birthday Melissa", It's a Great Day to stay inside "Right Here With Us Where You Can Have A Good Time Without A Lot Of Fuss .. It appears the rain is not going to go away & neither are we .. So if it's Allston your in the   "Silhouette Is The Place You Want To Be", Star of the Day ..None Other Than..Eliza Jane Seastone..
With A Happy Birthday Cake Of Her Very Own, Guess What Day It Is ?   It's This Gal's Happy Birthday

Happy Birthday To Our Very Own "Eliza Jane Seastone", Todays Double Hitter Birthday Shouts Are Going Out
"Happy Birthday To The Lovely "Effy Savadyga" Our Pool Shooting Lady" & Our Jameson on the Rocks with  a splash of Ginger NO Lime Man "Mr. Tommy Gallagher"
Enjoy & Party Hardy, Happy Birthday To Our Forever Dart Lady "The One & Only Carol A. Welch" Thank You Carol for sharing so many Wonderful Years with us here at the Silhouette Lounge..
Have A Very Happy Birthday ..The Carol A. Welch Way, This Post Is All About Sending A Happy Birthday Shout Out To The One & Only "Brendan Burke"  Happy Birthday To You Sir...
Party Hardy & Enjoy Your Very Own Special Day, Ed & Phil Have There Happy Birthday Cake & Eat It Too ..With There Before & After Midnight Birthdays Aug 2nd & Aug 3rd.., Happy Birthday To Our Man "Phil from the Sil" aka Shuloon Ratzkoff..  Always a Smile & Quick with the Wit when he joined us here it was a Perfect Fit...
"Happy Birthday To You Mr. Phil, Gina Cerone our Tuesday & Saturday night waitress shares her Birthday with her friends at The Silhouette Lounge ..
Happy Birthday Gina & Thank for Sharing Your Good Time, Happy Birthday To You "Suzanne Haggstrom" From All Of Us At The Silhouette .. We Hope This Will Be One Of The Best Yet..
Enjoy & Party On All Weekend Long, Attention Mr. Sriram Raghunathan from the North to the South this is "Your Happy Birthday Shout Out" 
Happy Birthday To You from all of your Allston Friends, Thursday Night Live At The Silhouette Lounge Come Join Eliza & Irene & Hang Around They Will Get The Popcorn Rounds All Night Long ..., Today is a 3 for 3 Happy Birthday To Thee ..
"Gina Cerone" .. "Jenn Webb"  & "Mr. Joshua Scott"
We are wishing all 3 a Really Great Day & that you get to enjoy it in your own special way ..
With That Being Said  "Let The Party Begin", Happy Birthday "Mariel Francesca" Happy Birthday To You, Giving A Shout Out Loud To Our Man Of The Year
Happy Birthday James Lynch Rules Happy Birthday To You, Come Out Come Out Where Ever You Are "Dane Previtte"
It's Your "Happy Birthday Party Time" & Your Day To Shine, Happy Birthday "Elizabeth Bachand" Enjoy Your Special Day, Happy Birthday "Carolyn Hedlund" from all of us back here in Allston   'Enjoy Your Day", Party On Allston All Weekend Long at The Best Dive Bar In Town..
Conveniently Located on the Corner of Allston St & Brighton Avenue in none other than Awesome Allston..
That would be Us & having you join us is a Major Plus..
It is The Best Place around to Get Down .. Chill Out ..Have Fun & See Everyone without Breaking the Bank in this Town..
Get more for less $$$ without the stress, Guess What Day It Is ..Go ahead guess what day it is..Yup it's Wednesday & Wednesdy in Allston is the same day as Wednesday everywhere else "The Middle of the Week Day" but in Allston The Silhouette is where people meet to Break Up the week while they play pool..darts or practice there aim while shooting the Buck Hunter or Safari game & maybe have some luck with one of the  Ma State Lottery Games.
So pay no attention to that Camel spend Wednesday here with us & start giving Wednesdays Two Thumps Up, Don't let the rain ruin your day come over to the Silhouette at 4pm & Play ..Pool..darts..buck hunter..shuffle board & keno too while you listen to your favorite tunes on the best juke box in town.. Rainy Days & Sundays should never get you down in fact sometimes they can be the Best to hang around..
Give it a Try & you will see Why.., Happy Birthday "Ben Johnson" The Man With A Plan & A Lunch Box In His Hand .. A Tasty Concoction That He Shares With His Fellow Man..., One More Shout Out For Today & This One Goes The Unger Way
Happy Birthday David Unger May Your Nite Be Full of Dynamite, Shouting Out Loud & Clear A Happy Birthday To You Jimbo Whalen
Party On all Day Long   :), Happy Happy Joy Joy To "Ike Haverlick" Our Birthday Boy .., Nick at Night Is Always A Pleasant Sight, A Blast From The Past ..The Silhouette is Still His Favorite, Lisa Battiston Calling Lisa Battiston "Happy Birthday Girl"
And so it Begins..It's Official Today Is Your Day..Party On, Happy Birthday "Kelli Leahy" Happy Birthday To You .. We Hope You Have A Great Day With Your Awesome Crew ...
Three Dogs ..Oliver the Pig & Your Nu. 1 Man ..
 Enjoy Today Because Today Is All About "You", Happy Birthday & Welcome Back To The East Coast Nicholas Devlin .. Enjoy Your Special Day With Your Very Special Family  :), We would like to shout out a "Big Happy Birthday To "Allston Diy Fest" We are looking forward to sharing many more with you..
Thank You for doing more than your share in "Keeping Allston Awesome", Happy Birthday  "Meric Iller"   24hrs to Celebrate 24yrs can go a lot further when the weekend is here.. Party On all weekend Long, Some Magic Has Been Done & The Coolness Has Begun at The Silhouette Lounge  ... Come on in and enjoy a nice cold brew with Eliza & Irene the Thursday Night Crew ..   :), We Made Nu. 3 On The List ... However Our Pitchers of PBR..Gansett ..Miller High Life & Miller Lite are  $8.50 not $9 ... putting more jingle in your pocket while you mix & mingle, Come Out Come Out Where Ever You Are Chris Staffy & Have A Birthday Cheer With Your Allston Friends "Right Here"
Happy Birthday To Sir Staffy .. Enjoy Your Special Day, The Baseball All-Star Game is on tonight .. if your not playing in it  we would Love to have you join us here at The Silhouette Lounge to watch it .. We are that Really Cool Great Dive Bar with cheap drinks & free popcorn all night long .. Located on the corner of Allston St & Brighton Ave in Awesome Allston... Come chill at the Sil  while you get your fill & thrill of watching Baseball's Finest Play Ball  ... Game Time 7:30 pm, Monday .. 4pm  Come on in & Chill at The Sil with Our Man Phil ..
Front room is Cool as it can be our A. C. man finally made the scene at this time of year those guys are spread lean..
The front & back rooms are nice & cool.. All we need now is You..
Join us here for Darts ..Pool and a few Cold brews while you catch up with your friends & Chill, To Matt MacPherson our world traveler .. "Happy Birthday To You Sir"  Enjoy Your Special Day, Todays Happy Birthday Shout Out Goes To Our Girl "Natty B Good"
But today she can be as "BAD As She Wants To Be" because Today is her day to get out & play..Happy You Day Natasha :), What more can One man want for his Special Day than getting to Enjoy a  "Happy Birthday Shot of Jack Daniels" accompanied by 3 Lovely Ladies, When Ike Haverlick has family visit him in town the Silhouette is where they can be found...We Love that all our regulars share there family with us and as you can see from the photo having this family gathering was a "Happy Time Plus", Happy Birthday Kate Olson from all of Allston ... We Hope You Have A Lot Of Fun .. Enjoy .. Party Hardy .. and Let's Do It Again When it is Allston Your In     :), It's Thursday people & in case you don't know it The One & Only Eliza Jane Seastone will be sharing her smile with all of Allston from 7pm till closing right here at The Silhouette Lounge ..
Yes it is True The Girl is Back & we are Very Very Happy about that .. So if Allston is on your agenda remember to stop by & say Hi .. Great weekends start & end when its the Silhouette that your in ..., From Allston  to Austin we are sending out a "Big Happy Birthday to YOU  Ariele Baragona"  so here it is loud & clear "Happy Birthday To You "  Enjoy & Party On  :), Happy Birthday "Adam Speakman" Today is Your Day ..So Let The Games Begin, Let this week begin with a Big Grin for our "Happy Birthday" Friend   "Chris Brat"  Happy Birthday To You Sir, Happy Birthday Weldon Gore & Congratulations to you & Anamika on your Mr. & Mrs.., Tana Boinana shares her Big 30 at the Silhouette Lounge .. along with her Cake and her Charm because That's How She Roll's..
Thank You Tana, Happy Big "30" to the Little Lady we all know as Tana Boinana
Happy Birthday "Tana"  Happy Special Day To You, This one Goes Out To  Stephen Bossi from all of your Allston Crew 
" Happy Happy Happy Birthday To You ", Our Very Own "Miss Independence Day & Your All American Girl  "Alissa Krebs", Happy Fourth Everyone .. Stay Cool & Safe While You Enjoy Your Holiday ..The Silhouette is Open 12noon till 1 am & we are Cool & Safe  As Well As .. Local .. Cheap & Fun for Everyone
As promised our Thursday Night Gal "Eliza Jane Seastone" is making her long awaited come back tonight & we are just as anxious as her "Let's Hear It For The Girl" if you are in the hood be sure to Stop By & Say Hi have a nice cold brew and Welcome her Back with A "BIG Yahoo", If your traveling for the holiday stay safe & enjoy your mini vacation if you are not our Crew would Love to have You...
Get more Bang for your Buck with Us and Enjoy our never ending popcorn which is said to be the best tasting corn to be found in this town, Hey There Kate Fiorucci The Silhouette is Wishing You The Best Birthday Yet...  Happy Birthday To You  ...., In 3 more days we will have the return of  "Eliza" she is back on Thursday nights starting July 4th .. Lets celebrate this Special Day with a Big Bang right here at the Silhouette Lounge .. Stop by to say Hi before .. during .. or after your fireworks and have some firewater the way you "Oughta"   :), Todays Big Day Shout Out goes to Karen Anne Castellanos & Mr. Jeremy Hemond ...Happy Birthday Jeremy Happy Birthday To You
Happy Birthday Karen Anne Castellanos Happy Birthday To You..
We Hope You Both Have Your Cake & Eat Too  :), These guys were out on the town for a Bachelor Party last night and stopped by to say hi throw some darts shoot a game of pool & have a few before moving along with there night on the town..
Thanks for sharing an hour of your Big Night with us it was a Fun, A Love Poem, A Love Poem To The Silhouette Lounge From Meg..Megan & Kate, The McGrath Brothers, Friday Night Live At The Silhouette Lounge, Four is Todays Score For Happy Birthdays ..
Happy Birthday Bridget Marquez
Happy Birthday Erin Human
Happy Birthday Matthew DeAngelis
Happy Birthday Mathew Foster
Four Birthdays in Four different states and all four have ties to This Place .. People come & people go but the good times they have shared here remain forever in the soul, Get Ready .. Aim .. Shoot Your Game .., Happy Birthday Danielle Ramona Callahan..Happy Birthday To You   :), Do Hump Day the Silhouette way it starts at 4pm so come on in and watch the Red Sox Game or if you would rather you can practice your aim with our Brand New Buck Hunter Game..
There is a lot to do while you listen to our top of the line juke box with darts ..pool..golden tee .. shuffle board and keno too add to all of these our $8.50 pitchers of beer & free popcorn all day & night long .. When you choose the Silhouette you can't go wrong..
Try Us You'll Like It ..., Sending A Big Shout Out To Samantha Gordon  "Happy Birthday Sam" Today is Your Day Give It All You Can" & Then Do It Again", Happy Birthday with a 3 for 3 in a hole in one:
Happy Birthday Amy Tourigny our Lady of the Day..& to our male patrons Jodf Iudfh Sled & Harley Unger Ditto ..
Play Hard & Party Hardy .. Enjoy Your Special Day .., Congratulations to BIll & Hailey Moschella they are now Mr. & Mrs. Forever, Happy Birthday Fryday Child Happy Birthday To You, Look we get to spend another Birthday with Harley with many more to come ... Happy Birthday Harley ..., A closing time toast to our former co-worker Alexandra Valli & her man Dan, Happy Birthday "Ryan Kelly" Happy Birthday To You, Happy Birthday To You "Abigail Goldberger" Happy Birthday To You   .. All Weekend Long..   ;), Hey David Goscinak Today Is Your Day "Happy Birthday" To You, It's been over a year but have no fear our "Lovely Lady Eliza Jane Seastone " will soon be here serving up some ice cold beers with lots of cheer.. Her come back date is Thursday Night "July 4th 2013" at 7pm at the corner of Allston St. & Brighton Avenue..
"The Silhouette Lounge Where The Good Times Never End", Evan Ramsay lends a helping hand with Gina Cerone at closing time..Real men still sweep girls off there feet, Happy Birthday "Tim Webster" Happy Birthday To You, This Winning Division Pool Team from Allston Is Going To Play In Las Vegas ..& one member belongs to us.. Shuloon Ratzkoff ...
Better known as Our Man "Phil from the Sil"
Congratulations & Good Luck, Sending a Big High Five "Happy Birthday" to the birthday guy..
                          "Mr. Jeff Dolin", Let's Get This Won & Done   Help Keep The Silhouette Nu. 1, Hey Allston Check This Out, "Big Kudos To Our Man Phil"   who's pool team not only won the Division Championship but went on to take it all & Win a trip to Las Vegas..  Not bad for a 1st time Pool Team Playing Together..
                             " Viva Las Vegas ", And Today's Winners Are  "Lauren McMullen"  "Ian Sanity" & "Sal Monella".  The Silhouette Lounge is sending a big "Happy Birthday" to all Three .. "Proof that Good Things come in Three's" & Good Times Are Meant To Be ... "Party On & On & On", Happy Birthday To You Miss Katie Albelli ..Happy Birthday To You
Enjoy  Your Special Day, Saturday evening Chris Thompson visiting from Austin comes back to his playground in Allston "The Silhouette Lounge" where him & his Friends were always found, Saturday Afternoon Mike & Erin Human who met at the Silhouette Lounge & are Happily Ever After return for a visit with Family & Friends..., The Weekend & What It Brings...
Friday At Midnight ...Big Al enjoys his Jose Gold Birthday Shot:
Happy Birthday Al, Thursday night at the Sil closing with Phil, What's Great About  Nu. 27 ?  It's the age of "Nic Robertson" 
Happy Birthday To You Nic All Weekend Long .. Party On, Hump Day over our way for Cheap Beers..Free Popcorn..Pool..Darts..Buck Hunter..Golden Tee..Great Tunes & keno too while we cheer on our home team to do there thing, 3 3 3 Happy Birthdays Today going by age...
Happy Birthday Christopher Hurling
Happy Birthday Drew Indingaro
Happy Birthday Evan Ramsey
Good Things Come In 3's .. Enjoy Your Day Gentlemen, Congratulations to our very own Gansett girl "Lauren LoWreck Recchia" on her "Happy Everlasting Marriage"
We are sending lots of Good Wishes to The Perfect Mr. & Mrs., Attention "Mr. Davenand Deonarine" all of us at The Silhouette Lounge want to take this opportunity to "Wish You A Very Happy Birthday"    So Happy Birthday Dave  ..  Enjoy, Can we just take a minute of your time to shout out a Big "Happy Birthday to Karen Kleiman"
Happy Special Day To You Karen All Day & All Night Long, Kevin Sandberg does it up again ..Celebrating his Birthday at the Silhouette Lounge with his girl Samantha Gordon & Friends...
We have done this before & we will do it again same time ..same date same place & same friends so tune in next year right here.., Celebrations are now in order for   "Jacqui Beaulieu" .. "Mark McKee" & "Power Dave"  
"Happy Birthday Wishes Are Being Sent Your Way" ...
Let's Party Today, We are sending a "Happy Special Day Kevin Sandberg's Way"
...."Happy Birthday To Our Birthday Boy"....   Enjoy, Wishing a "Happy Birthday to "Rebecca Fine & Michael Russo"
Hope It Is A Super Day & You Get To Ride It Out In A Super Way, An Extra Bonus This Memorial Weekend .. A Special Visit From Our One & Only Mr. Mark Balboni  ..It's a Win Win  When Comes In., And then Mike Simmons & Jen came in and got the party going again ..  This was a very pleasant surprise and a perfect ending to a great night ... Hope to see you again soon Jen you definitely fit right in .., Happy Birthday To Our Always Happy Guy "Phil Slopak" & With A Smile Like This We Can Totally See Why...Rock Your Special Day All Weekend Long  Allston Style ..Wild Wild Wild", At Last The Official Start of Summer ...We hope everyone has a nice enjoyable and safe long weekend to start kick summer..
We will be right here to help you do just that & to those of you who are going away ..Enjoy.. & .. be sure to stop by when you get back..  We are cheap & we are fun ..We are Allston in more ways than one.., We Need This Now More Than Ever ..Lets Stand Together Forever, WOW It's The Mother Load of Birthdays for this Long Weekend & we will start with The Pretty Lady ..Happy Birthday Eponine Chandler ..& now to the 3 Amigos .. Matt Charette ..Parker Brodrick & The Man That Got A Plan & We Are Happy For That..Mr. Craig Lewis ..May You Each Have A Great Day In Your Own Special Way..., We wish it were Not so but Marcus Benamati says it is time for him to go .. (at least for now).. He is leaving Awesome Allston for Texas & the city of Austin..
Good Luck .. Ride The Bull .. We will be right here waiting for "Our Urban Cowboy to come riding back through".., We Have A Sign Up Sheet At The Silhouette Lounge ..Allston Needs To Keep This Going..
It is one of the Best Things Going for us & a major part of keeping Allston Awesome, Happy Birthday To The One & Only "Brenda Jane Wynne", Congratulations To All Of Our Grads The Silhouette Would Like To Wish Each & Every One Of You Nothing But The Best..
We are very happy that so many of you thought enough of us to have brought your family in to enjoy a cocktail at your favorite local bar we truly consider this an Honor & the Greatest  Compliment of All.., Happy Birthday To Our "Greek Goddess Alexandra Valli" from all your co-workers & friends at the Silhouette Lounge..
Enjoy Your Special Day, Friday is the Best day for a Birthday "Happy Birthday To You Aristotle Nye" Enjoy Your Special Weekend Partying With Good Friends.., Bruce & Rich getting there Silhouette Fix, Times Three, Triple Play Today.. Happy Birthday to Our Gansett Gal Lauren LoWreck Recchia .. Our Gansett Man Zachary Antczak & Our former Bartender Caroline Clark ...Proving Good Things Do Come In Threes.. Enjoy Your Special Day ..Times Three ..., Just a few of the First Timers..Friday Nite Live at the Silhouette, Thursday 12pm is when Kristin Kubiak will let you in .. its never to Early to have a Good Time & with this Fun Loving Red Head that's all you'll find.. Join her here & leave the drizzle behind, Happy Birthday To You Jack Ruf .. We are Happy to see you enjoyed you pre Birthday Meal .. Now It Is Time To Party, Having a Great Time There Way .. Because They Can, Sending A "Big Happy Birthday To One Of Our Own The One & Only Robin Guidry"
When Ever We Can We Pull Her Back In ..Enjoy Your Day Robin, null, Sending A Happy Birthday Drum Roll To Jesse Sherman  .. Hope its a Big Bang Kind of Day ..Enjoy, Happy Birthday To You "Mr. Kyle Neeson" Party On All Weekend Long ..., null, The Silhouette Lounge is Wishing  "Brooke Kachadoorian A Big Happy Birthday" along with A Congratulation on Your  Graduation from Massachusetts College of Pharmacy & Health Sciences..
Thank You Brooke for making us a part of your wonderful journey in life..., Fact, Do Your Friday Night Live With Us At The Silhouette Lounge Conveniently Located In The Heart Of Allston..
This is the place to be when it's Good Times that you want to find.. The Sil put the Awe in Awesome Allston..., Don't Miss Out, Thursday's with Kristin can be lots of Fun for the 21 plus folks in Allston ..darts ..pool.. great tunes .. buck hunter .. golden tee ..free popcorn & keno too the only thing we are missing is "You", null, What an Awesome Hump Day "Let's Get'er Done Together at 200 Brighton Avenue Allston, Ma 02134 .. Let's Do This Day Like It's Never Been Done Before  ..May Day .. May Day The Silhouette Way in Awesome Allston .., It's the 1st of May & A Beautiful Day the Only Thing Making It Better Is Sending A "Big Happy Birthday" To You Marcus Benamati & Lindsey Croteau .. Enjoy Your Special Day Each In Your Own Special Way, Jodf Iudfh Sled gets his face in the cake because it's his & he can..
Good Luck Jodf "Thanks for making the Sil such a Big part of your life here in Boston & Please be sure to visit us often, A going back to his roots party for Jodf Iudfh Sled put together by his Best Friend Ever Christina Michael Cameron .., Happy Birthday "Ben Powell"  Today Is Your Day To Get Out & Howl   "Enjoy", Happy Happy Joy Joy To Our Two Birthday Boys
Mike Berman & Mark Robillard 
Enjoy Your Special Day In Your Own Special Way, Weekend in Allston at the Silhouette Lounge ... The Dive Bar where all the Good Times are found ... This kind of weather brings everyone together & when in Allston this is the place they like to Gather .. Nothing has changed our prices are the same & the popcorn will always be free which of course is why  "The Sil is still The Best Place To Be", FYI .. Wednesday afternoon & the Newbury Comics Crew make Hump Day a Fun Day..with pool games .. great tunes..pitchers of beer & popcorn too ... nothing but laughter & fun when this gang is here .., Hi Neighbor .. Join Us Here For Good Times .. Free Popcorn & Cheap Beers All Night Long .. Conveniently Located Smack In The Middle Of Awesome Allston, Today is  "Thom Termini Day" All Day in Every Way ..
Happy Birthday Thom Party Hardy All Night Long, Sending A "Big Happy Birthday" down the East Coast to a fellow male co-worker that we miss the most...
Happy Birthday "Mr. Tim O'Rourke" Happy Birthday To You.., The Silhouette Lounge is sending A Big Happy Birthday To The One & Only "Krystal Gail" Hope You Have a Shinning Day, Happy Birthday To Janice Huesemann The Pretty Girl From Wisconsin Who Now Is  "Loved By All of Allston".., She's Baaaaaaaack ... It's a "Megahit" having Kate Olson home for a Visit..., We Will Be Open For Business As Usual As Soon As It Is Allowed..
Hoping Everyone Is Staying Safe & Sound .., The Silhouette Lounge has some really nice new shirts in mens & woman  size...Mens are Blue 100% cotton ..Ladies are Black cool & dry/sport Ultra Club (slight stretch) both are V neck..
We are selling them to you at our cost which is a mere $10.00..
This is your chance to own a piece of the Nu. 1 Dive Bar of All Time ..., When Erin O'Leary has A "Special Day" everyone in Allston comes out to play...Thank You for doing it up the Silhouette Way...and we would like to say this one more time...
"Happy Birthday To You", Today we are sending "Happy Birthday Wishes" to "Cian Mathews"  across the Pond & to our Own "Erin O'Leary" up the street..
Enjoy Your Special Day & Party Hardy, Happy Birthday To You "Mr. Jobian Day"  Rock your day "The Jobian Way"   Enjoy, These Things Happen At The Silhouette..Dad visits Allston to spend time with his daughter & her boyfriend on her 25th Birthday.. It's All In The Family .. Good times are what you find & age is just a number in your mind..     
Happy 25th Courtney DeCarlo & Thank You For Sharing Your Special Day with Friends & Family at The Silhouette, "On Your Mark"  "Get Ready" Go ... Happy Birthday To You..
Happy Bithday "Mr. Larry Bouvier" Happy Birthday To You, Happy Birthday "Mr. Michael Carlson" Enjoy Your Special Day All weekend Long ...., Weekend at the "Silhouette" all weekend long we are Here Ready Willing & Able to make your time a Good Time at a price that will "NOT" repeat "NOT" make you whine"
Check us out & see for yourself, We Have A Triple Play for "Happy Birthdays" Happy You Day Gentlemen Enjoy Your Day In "Your Own Fun Way" 
Laurie Toner .. Donald Jarvis .. Pete D. Knipling
Each with there own "Decade" Sharing This One Special Day, We Have A Two For One Today  Sending Happy BDays To:
Mr. Mike Kadomiya & Funny Girl Shane Webb..
Enjoy Your Special Day, Three Pabst Blue Ribbon Reps Walk Into A Bar .. Magically They Turn Into Shining Stars ..
Three Guys & Three Letters Made This Bars Nite So Much Better, Happy Happy Joy Joy Day To You "Jordan Nielson" Enjoy
Party Party Party Like You Have Never Done Before, Welcome Back Mr. & Mrs. Kyle Bernard ..he is done serving his tour of duty & both are back to finish college ..Congratulations on all accounts..  Welcome Home .., We have our own Ann Margret & Liz Taylor ..Saturday Night at the Silhouette Lounge where Everybody can be Found.., Together Again ..This is a Big Win Win.., We are "Here" smack in the middle of "Awesome Allston" waiting for you to come on in and have a beer..
It's days like this when you have no plans that stopping by to just say Hi & finding others with the same in mind always makes for a Good Time.., Happy Birthday "Mr. Daniel Mills" We Will Raise A Toast To You Here At The Sil ..., Sending Out 2 "Happy Birthday To You" for "Mr. HD Jake Jampel & Mr. Harrison J. Schell" Hoping Your Birthdays Go Very Well..
Party Party Party & Then Party Some More Party Untill You Just Can't Party No More, It's Happy Birthday Time "Today" For A Lovely Blonde...The One & Only "Rebecca Long"  Enjoy Your Very Special Day, Beat The Doldrums of Hump Day with us right here smack in the middle of You Know Where "Awesome Allston at The One & Only Silhouette Lounge" for a fraction of the cost of anywhere else in & around this town .., Wishing A Great Big Happy "You Day Mr. Todd Bowman" Enjoy, Happy April Fools "Birthday To You JacKie Crain" Enjoy, Happy Birthday "Valerie Scott-Key's" Wherever You May Be..
Enjoy Your Special Day On This Special Vacation Trip.., Happy Birthday To You "Leslie Stolzman" Enjoy Your Special Day, The Silhouette Lounge is Wishing A Happy Holiday To All..
Enjoy Your Day In Your Own Special Way..

For The Silhouette Lounge It Is Business As Usual 12pm to 1am We Will Be Here Waiting To Serve You With Some Holiday Cheer, "Happy Birthday To You Ken Cmar..Happy Birthday To You", After All Is Said & Done Even The Clean Up Can Be Fun With A Little Help From Our Friends, Double The Pleasure .. Double The Fun, It's that time again "Party Weekend" So let's get it started "Here & Now" at the Silhouette Lounge 200 Brighton Ave. in Awesome Allston,Ma 02134...The Nu.1 Dive Bar in and around this Town, Live at The Silhouette Lounge Tonight & Every Night..Good Times with Good People..A fun spot where you can be a part of The Allston Scene without spending beyond your means..
We have Darts..Pool..Buck Hunter..Golden Tee..6 Big TV Screens Top of the Line Juke Box.. Free Popcorn & Keno Too..
It's All Here Waiting For  "You", The Silhouette Lounge Puts The Nitty Gritty In Rock & Art City, Thank you Ethan Lolerstein for sharing your "Happy Birthday" with all of us at the "Sillhouette Lounge"
You put the "WOW" in our Friday Night with your "Meow Meow", Silhouette Lounge Nu. 1  Lets Get This Done & Won, The Final Touch To Complete Her Birthday, Thursday in Allston is not complete unless you stop in the Silhouette grab a seat to enjoy a brew at a price that can't be beat & enjoy all the free popcorn that you can eat..
The Sil is Allston all the wy  Cheap ..Fun & The #1 Spot for Everyone ..  Try Us You'll Like It, It is Official Today Is Her Day "Happy Birthday To Our Very Own Lady of The Day "Miss Kristin Kubiak"  Happy Birthday To You.., Business as usual starting at 4pm ..don't let this little mess keep you from coming in & joining your friends .. The Sil is where the Good Times begin & end no matter what the weather this is the place where everyone gathers..Being a part of it all "Priceless", Happy Birthday "Mr Todd Wilson & Mr. Dave Henriques"
Keep on Rocking & Rolling & Playing Your Songs, Happy Birthday "Mr Todd Wilson & Mr. Dave Hendriques"
Keep on Rocking & Rolling & Playing Your Songs, It's Here "St. Patricks Day" In All It's Glory With The "Luck of the Irish" a "Blarney Stone to Kiss" & "The Wearing of the Green" when we add them all together it  can only mean "Come on in & enjoy a pint of your Favorite Brew & maybe play an Irish tune to put the perfect touch on this Irish Afternoon.., Happy Birthday To You  "Grayson Wells"  Enjoy, Get Down Friday at The Silhouette Lounge .. All Weekend Long ..
The most Fun you will find in this Awesome Town..
Our prices are the lowest you can find set so that everyone can have a good time ..we have 4 sets of house darts for you to use ..Buck Hunter..Golden Tee..Pool & Keno Too..Top of the Art Juke Box as well not to mention our  Free Popcorn all night long..when you come to the Sill you just can't  go wrong .. 
Try Us You'll Like It There Is No Doubt About It, We had a Triple Play at the Sil last night for "Birthdays" with "Phil Bellini .. Tim Roy.. & The Lovely "Miss Pony Trot" & each enjoyed there Birthday Shot, Sending out two "Big Happy Birthday To You" to two of our own..
                    "Mr. Phil Bellini & Mr. Tim Roy"
Double The Pleasure Double The Fun Allston Is About To Come Undone With Lots Of Fun ..., Hey Today Is Your Birthday ... Happy Birthday To You..
Mr. Craig Gaulzetti Happy Birthday To You, Happy Birthday To You "Bicycle Bill"  37 & Going Strong
"Thanks for keeping Allston Rolling Right Along", Friday Nite Live In "Awesome Allston", It's all in the way it's done that make your time here so much fun.., Happy Happy Joy Joy To Today's #1 Birthday Boy "Mr Colum Roe, Friday 12pm ..We are here and you should be too so if you are in Allston be sure to stop in & have a brew because in this kind of weather it is the best thing to do....Join your friends ..play some games..shoot the breeze and let the weather do what ever it's going to do..Just don't let it Stop Us From Seeing You.., "Happy Big 30 Birthday To Our Neighbor Ritual Arts" 
We want to Thank You for doing your part in keeping Allston Unique & Awesome..   "Thank You"  :), null, Its Always Funny in Allston, From All of Allston with lots of Hugs "A Big "Happy Birthday Wish" is being sent from "We To Thee"
Happy Special You Day "Miss Sarah Jane Mulcrone", We would like to take this opportunity to send A Huge Happy Birthday Wish To The One & Only "Mr. Richie Carbone"
Happy Birthday To You Sir Enjoy Your Special Day, It's around 8pm and they are coming in the fun has already started and will carry through the entire night till closing time at 1am .. You don't have to know anyone when you walk in but you can be sure by the nights end you will be adding a few more people as friends..
Its what we do .. Its how we roll .. If your in Allston The "Silhouette Lounge" Is The Best "Get Down With It Watering Hole"  Real People Having Real Fun We Welcome Everyone, Friday  Before Opening time at 12 noon .. join us now while there is still lots of room to practice up on your gaming skills but if you can't have no fear we are not going anywhere we will be right here waiting to serve you up some popcorn & a nice cold beer at prices that you love to hear ..., Let's get this weekend going right here & right now at the Silhouettte Lounge .. where you can have a draft beer for under three & 50 cents will come back to thee..
Treat yourself come on in and see what Allston is All About, Happy Birthday Day "Katie Boyd" Happy Joy Day To You..
Enjoy Your Day In Allston Style...All Weekend Long, From All of us to Christine X Judge a "Big Happy Birthday Wish just for You"   Enjoy your special day Birthday Girl, Wednesday 4pm come Hump Day with us Low prices..free popcorn...pool..darts..keno.. golden tee .. buck hunter & a state of the art juke box that can download any song & take your photo too.. we are now serving chicken wings 5pcs $3.50 w/one side of Kens blue cheese dressing & indiviual size cheese pizza $6.00..
However feel free to bring in your own food ours is just there for convenience...just like we are conveniently located Smack in the middle Art Of Art & Rock City..To miss out on the Silhouette would be such a pity...., Happy Birthday Joy Joy To Paul Thibedeau Todays Birthday Boy:
Happy Birthday To You !!!!!!, The Silhouette Lounge is sending a "Big Happy Birthday Greeting" to the one & only  "Little Miss Linda Cambell"
Enjoy Your "Very Special Day Miss Linda", Vote Once A Day Every Day ... Please & Thank You, Lets do this weekend thing "Together" the more the "Merrier" 
and the Sooner the Better...
Good Times are what you find at a price that can't be beat the only thing thats better than that are the People that you'll meet.., A Giant "Happy Birthday Wish" is being sent today from our small town of Allston all the way to L.A.  to our very good friend Mr. Billy Brown.."Happy Birthday B. B. Happy Birthday To You", Thursday 12pm .. Let the week-end begin with Kristin our Thursday afternoon Go-To-Girl...Thursdays in Allston are always Awesome and when you spend them here at the Silhouette where everything cost a lot less you get to party with your friends without all the stress..
Cheap drinks and free popcorn..There's No Way You Can Go Wrong..., Lets Do This Together .. Please & Thank You, Want to know what just made Allston so much better after having such nasty weather.. A  "Hannah Attack"  Yup its for Real our very own Hannah Neale is back in town for a visit & we are happy to say she has not changed and is still a laugh a minute.., We like when this happens & it happens a lot ..Good people meeting Good people at "This Neighborhood Spot"
Brian McGrath & Alissa Krebs, The Beautiful "Birthday Girl" Is Served Her 1st "Restraining Order" at  "The Silhouette Lounge" This one is served in a shot glass.., Sending A Big Special "Happy Bithday To You "T.J. Kiersteads", Hppay Happy Joy Joy To "Mr. Howie Scrape" Todays Birthday Boy.., It's The Weekend Folks & You Have Not Been Anywhere In Allston Unless You Have Been Here ... The Silhouette Lounge on the corner of Allston St. & Brighton Ave ..Smack in the Heart of  Art & Rock City... Come on in grab a beer & take a seat and prepare your self for a special treat with a night full of fun.., Sending A "Happy Birthday To You "Kathi Tam & Mr Doug Kearse"
Enjoy Your Big Weekend, How Sweet Craig & Kate Share a Cocktail and Staffy Shares his Smile & Time ... You Just Got To Love Allston.., Happy Valentines Day Allston from the bar that Everyone Loves..
Looking for a Fun Place to take your Special Valentine out for a get down good time in "True Allston Style" then it's the Silhouette you must stop in even if its just for a little while..
We are Allston all the way..not to fancy not to sweet..just your local bar where everyone meets..with prices that can not be beat.. With our $8.50 pitchers of beer & free popcorn you can wine & dine for under $9.00 .. Life is Good in Our Neighborhood, Wednesday 4pm .. Wednesday Rules..Allston Rules..Silhouette Rules..Three for Three means This is the Place that You Should Be..
Hump Day is always better when friends get together..., Tuesday 4pm This snow is old & the peaceful winter wonderland is not what it was for the 1st 2 days so why not just come on in & have a cocktail play a game or two of pool or darts & forget about the mess out side it will all still be there waiting for you..a little escape is what you need and at the Silhouette we aim to Please..
Cheap drinks & Free Popcorn .. With Us Theres Just No Way You Can Go Wrong.., Happy Big Birthday Wishes to our Good Friend from Way Back When..."Mr. Andy O.C. Husbands"
A man that never changed even with his Fame.. Same Friends Same Motor-cycle..& the Best Chef Ever, Sending A Best of the Best To Birthday Girl Marianne Burke Lynch
"Enjoy Your Special Day in Every Way All Day", This Sunday could be your "Friday" here in Allston with Monday a No Go day for so many due to "The Blizzard of 2013" knocking this past Friday more or less out of the park ..tonight is right to make your Friday Nite Mark.. Take advantage of this extra day and come to the Silhouette to play ..there is pool..darts buck hunter..great tunes & keno too .. free popcorn & cheap beers "You Get It All When You Come Here", Sending Blizzard Birthday Wish's To Our Fun Loving "Red Headed Irish Waitress "Liz Murphy" who may be back in Ireland but still here in Spirit..&.. to Our Good Friend "John Macy"  a  long time customer & the photogapher for our Silhouette Gansett Photo Shoot.. Enjoy Your Special Day & Party Hardy, Saturday "We are Here so come on in & have a beer" The driving ban is lifted the winds have tamed down which means its time we get back to rocking this town...Lets Get er Done & have some Fun Together Right Here At The Silhouette Lounge.., Have a Happy Blizzard Birthday "Lindsey Starr & Christon Dorph"
This one will surley go down in History .." Enjoy ", Sorry to say there has been a change of plans "Just for Today" The Silhouette will be closing at 3pm due to the "State of Emergency"  ..We would rather be "Safe than Sorry" when it comes to the "Well Being of Our Loyal Patrons"
With winds expected at 60 to 70mph even walking is a risk..with that being said we wish everyone a safe & fun Blizzard Party at Home..
Looking forward to seeing you all tomorrow..Your Crew from the Silhouette Lounge, Sending A Two for One Birthday Wish To "Mr. Mike Simmons & Mr. Marcus Tang" Happy Birthday from The Silhouette Lounge To Both of You.. "ENJOY", Business as usual at the Silhouette .. After all folks this is New England and a snow storm is not a threat ..we just put on our boots and go out for a trek.., Wednesday Night..Good Friends having  such a Good Time just can't believe its closing time..., It is a sad time for all of Allston with the passing of "Effie" our Legendary Waitress of the Model Cafe.. She will missed by all & will remain Forever in our Hearts & Thoughts.. A wonderful & Beautiful Lady Inside & Out..
 "Taking Joy in life is a womans best cosmetic.." Effie Gave ..Took.. & Shared all of her Joy with those around her..Making her Loved by all that had the pleasure of knowing her.., Phils Specialties..Boston Snickel Fritz & Pink Dragon
They not only Look good They are both Beyond Delicious.., Happy Happy & Joy Joy Birthday Wishes To "Miss Allison Lang" & "Miss Sarah Duggan" From all of us at The Silhouette Loung To Both of You ... Enjoy Your Special Day, Thank you Pcbg Allston VillageStreetfair for doing more than your Share in Keeping "Allston Awesome", It's Here Football Fans "Super Bowl XLV11" The Game of The Year.
Even without the Pats it's the Game everyone wants to watch..watching it here means enjoying it with your friends & spending a lot less..with our 6 big flat screens every play can be seen no matter where you decide to sit...
We have darts ..pool..buck hunter & keno too if your looking for something else to do.. we just want to let you know whtever you choose we are here for you..., Sending a Big One Year Happy Birthday Hurrah  to "The One & Only "Allston Diner" a Great New Addition to Our Town..
Local people people helping to keep Allston Awesome serving real home style cooking.., Happy Birthday "Miss Sarah Court" Happy Birthday To You.."Enjoy Your Special Day", Alissa & Gina working together .. while Ed & Al keep them in Smiles   ;), Our State of the Art Juke Box can take your picture or be played with a debt card or your cell phone while you sit and enjoy your drinks .., null, Wednesday 4pm Nice weather for an end of January hump day the only way to make it better is to come to the Sil & play..
For your convenience we have 5pc chicken wings w/1 side of blue cheese dressing $3.50 & personal sz. pizzas $6.00 or $7.00 w/pepperoni..However feel free to bring in your own lg. pizza or any eats that you & your friends may want...
Our Endless Popcorn is still & Always Will remain just that "Endless"
If you want the true feeling of this Art & Rock City than join us here at the Silhouette for the Real Nitty Gritty..We Are Allston, Saturday with Bruce, Sending A Happy Big 30 Birthday Wish To "Ritual Arts", Happy Birthday "Miss Jen Kennedy", Saturday in Allston is always a little bit of this & a little bit of that but if your doing it with just a little bit of money than it is The Silhouette you should be at..
Good Friends..Good Times At A Price That Is Hard To Find, "Wishing Lacey Astra & Bridget Zerner A Big Happy Birthday Weekend"   From All Of Us To Both Of You, Tuesday Afternoon, Lets Do This Together NOW   Thank You, Lets Get Er Done, Happy Birthday Mr. Tom Martel From All Your Friends At The Sill, Wednesday 4pm..No hump day today not when the Bruins are scheduled to play .. 7pm start is when they go for there 3rd straight win ..  so come on in play some darts or pool & watch the Big Bad B's do what they do .. and if your feeling a little lucky we have keno too ..add to that free popcorn & cheap brews it's safe to say The Silhouette Is The Place For You .., Sunday .. Go Pat's ..  6pm is when you should be in your seat right here at the Silhouette Lounge .. Home Town Team .. Home Town Dreams Should be Shared In You Home Town Bar..
Let's Do This, Here We Go Again & We Would Like Your Vote For This Home Town Bar That Helps Keep Allston Awesome..
visit: citygusto.com/vote, Saturday 12pm ...Darts .. Pool .. Keno .. College Basketball .. & "Yes" The Bruins on the Big Screens At  7pm .. Home Team playing at Home can be far more exciting when you watch it at your Home Town Bar .. Feel the thrill & get your fill with us right here at The Sil, Sending A "Big Happy Birthday Hello To Two of our own ..Dana Recker & Mr. Robert O'Donnell"  
"Hello & Happy Birthday .. Party Hardy To These Two Guys", Friday Yea make sure to stop by and say Hi have a brew and chat for a few.. catch the Celtics at 8 & the Heat at 10:30 but save some of your Fury for The Big Bad B's tomorrow night ..It's been a long time coming ...This is going to be a Great Weekend for Boston Fans ...Watching Your Home Town Teams In Your Home Town Bar .. Is By Far .. Yup You Guessed It .. Priceless, Wishing A "Happy Birthday To Miss Sara Crowley & Miss Gillian Kahn"  Enjoy Your Birthday Weekend, Wednesday 4pm .. if you think the snow is great to look at but want it out of your way simply join us here today .. grap a booth with a view sit back & relax while enjoying your favorite brew..
Also we are putting up 2 new electronic dart score boards in our back room for all of you that like to hang & enjoy a friendly game.
House darts are available simply ask your bartender or waitress..
Celtics play at 8pm Lets Cheer them on Together for another Win, Wishing Miss Ashley Collins A Big Hurrah For Her Happy Birthday Today  "Rock It Ashley All Nite Long", Tuesday & everyday join us for Free popcorn & the the lowest prices in Awesome Allston ..conveniently located on the corner of Allston St. & Brighton Ave ..how more Allston can 1 place get..
The Silhouette is Allston To The Core & Once You've Been Here You'll Want Nothing More ... 
Hrs 4pm to 1am  Monday..Tues..Wed.. Thursday through Sunday 12pm to 1am.., Sunday & TGI Football..Go Pats 4:30pm watch our home town team go the distance right here while Alissa attends to your popcorn & beer..if you want something more our personal size  pizza & wings are a good score..also feel free to bring in your own pizza or choice of eats .. its all about you when its here that you meet..
Good Times .. Cheap Drinks..The Sil is Still & Always Will Be Your Best Bet.., Saturday and not a bad one at that but you can make it even better by joining us here and having yourself a great time while enjoying cocktails & beers at the lowest price that you can find..
The Silhouette has all the means for anyone wanting to make the Allston Scene..., Friday in Allston = Silhouette Lounge for some Good Cheap Fun Time.. The place where you can join in on some darts..pool..keno or video games or just enjoy your drinks while listening to your favorite tune ..the choice is all yours but whatever you decide we have it all here waiting for you the moment you step inside.., The Silhouette Lounge is Wishing "Mr. Bill Moschella" a V ery Happy Birthday All Weekend Long  ...Enjoy", "Wishing Diana Damewood A Happy Happy Joy Joy Birthday", Wednesday 4pm ..Hump day is not a Frump day when you come our way .. Join us at 4pm and forget about this Wednesday Hump Day Stuff come in & join some friends to catch the Celtics at 7:30 maybe play some darts or pool while you enjoy your favorite brew.. There is always something for you to do even if its nothing at all...conveniently located within walking distance of all of Allston "And that our Friend is just 1 more reason" the "Silhouette is & Always Will Be Your Best & Safest Bet", The Silhoutte Lounge is sending a "Big Happy Birthday Wish to Two Two Two People In One "Steve Quix and his Fiancee Ashley McEachern" We Hope This Day Is Double The Pleasure & Double The Fun ..., Monday  4pm ...It's Monday & we are here for you ..It's Monday & you should be here too ...catch the Celtics right here at 7:30pm and enjoy a few beers while you chat wih your friends...
Also coming soon on our T.V.s Hockey Games will be seen..The NHL has finally reached an agreement and our Big Bad Bruins will be back .. Watching them with us is the way to go .. Home Town Team on a Home Town Screen in This Home Town Bar will make your dollars stretch Far Far Far, Sunday .. Football Football Football watch it all here today starting at 1pm with our 6 Big flat tv screens every play can be seen no matter where you decide to sit ..Alissa is there to handle your cares with popcorn & beers & if you feel like something more we now have personal size pizza & chicken wings...If that is not enough feel free to order or bring in your own eats ..Allston has every type of food you can ever imagine..
With that being said come on in the Sill to watch the games with friends & let the good times begin.., Saturday 2013 .. Lets do this Year Right by Making The Allston Scene Together.. The Sil is here as always True Blue just for You with Good Times & The Lowest Prices you can find..
We are not fancy and nor are we big but we are and always will be "The Home Town Bar Where People Meet", Happy Birthday from the Silhouette Lounge to "Mr. Gary Robley" & "Mr. Joshua Kirkwood"    "Cheers & Beers", Sending A Big Happy Birthday Wish To Becca Button & Michael J. Epstein "Hope You Get To Celebrate Double Today" Enjoy, null, New Years at the Silhouette Lounge "The Party", Happy New Year To All From The Silhouette & Crew .. We Hope 2013 is nothing but Good for you..
Open time is 4pm its business as usuall so come on in .., Wishing All A Safe & Happy "NewYears Eve"  We will be open  4pm to 2am.. However we want to let everyone know that this yr. the dart room will be closed for a Private Party from 7pm to closing .. The bar side will be open to all until we reach capacity ..
We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause and just wanted to give you a heads up so you can plan accordingly..
Enjoy..Stay Safe..Happy New Year To All.."The Sill", Saturday .. They say a snow storm is on its way and in Allston this means its time to go out & play..the 1st storm is usually the best & the Silhouette is a great spot to take a rest and enjoy a brew while watching some of the storm pass through..this is New England and there is nothing we can do but make the most of our 1st Noreaster and not let it beat you...Let's do this together.., Friday at the Silhouette Lounge a Great Time Can Be Found ..
Meet here for cheap beers free popcorn and that awesome feeling of havng Good Friends Around.. and if your new to our Hood be sure to check us out and see for your self what all the great fuss is about ..darts..keno..video games & pool the only thing missing is you... :), Thursday ..looking for a comfy low priced place to go in Allston..in case you have not been told the Silhouette is the Best around..located smack in the Heart of Rock & Art City this is the Only Dive Bar that needs to found ..state of the art  jukebox..darts..pool..video games & keno too..along with free popcorn all nite long "It's all here waiting for you"
Being a part of it "Awesomeness At It's Best", Merry Christmas Everyone ..Our doors will be Open at 6pm for those who would like to get away from the hustle bustle & in house gathering and enjoy a cocktail or two by yourself or with your friends ..We just wanted you to know we will be here if your looking looking for a place to go ...The Sil  :), Merry Christmas To All ...Have A Safe & Happy Holiday..
The Silhouette will be closed Dec 24th for some personal Holiday Time 
We will re-open Dec 25th at 6pm for Business as Usual with all of our Silhouette family & friends  ..., And then sometimes our men come in like this because thats who they are ..., Kate Olson stuck in the middle again..Ed..Kate..Al, The Silhouette will be Closed Dec.24th Christmas Eve for the entire day we will re-open Dec. 25th Christmas Day at 6pm..
We want to Wish Everyone A Very Merry & Safe Holiday, Sunday .. Be here for the Patriots kick off at 1pm enjoy the game Allston style "Low priced brews free popcorn & good people" located in the heart of Awesome Allston" now serving 8"pizza $6.00 & 5pc chicken wings w/1 blue cheese dressing $3.50 if you prefer something else to eat by all means bring it on in & enjoy while we watch & cheer on our home town boys ...Go Pats, To "Sean Splatter" the Silhouette & its crew want to wish  "A Big Happy Birthday to You"  Enjoy Your Special Day, FYI everyone our WiFi is flying high you can come on in and cyber chat again  ;), Friday ..Yes TGIF at last time for everyone to step away from the hustle bustle and give yourself some You time and sharing some of that here wih Us would be would be just fine..
Just come on in and join your friends and leave the madness behind..theres pool..darts..video games & keno too or nothing at all if thats what you choose ..just good times and friends and a cocktail or two your time here is all about you, We Have A Three For One "Happy Birthday Wish" For Three of Our Own.." Hallie MacDonald..Mr. Michael Gill & Rita Kostiuk"
Have A Great You Day In Your Own Fun Filled Way .., Sorry folks but our WiFi is termporary Out of service and due to the hectic time of year will be for another week or two...
We will let you know as soon as we have it up & running for our clientele to come in and cyber chat...
The Silhouette Lounge is very sorry for any inconvenience this may cause.., Happy Birthday To "Mr. Dave Tree" Happy Birthday To Thee
Enjoy Your Special Day Dave .. Party Hardy, Sunday ..New England Patriots Division Champions playing on our 6 Big screens 8pm tonight ... Let's do this up right join us here to cheer cheer cheer while you get to enjoy some of Allston's Cheapest Priced Beer with all the Free Popcorn that you can take on and if you need a little extra we are now serving chicken wings  5 wings & one side of blue cheese dressing $3.50 & personal size pizza $6.00 plain or pepperoni $7.00 ...just enough to add the finishing touch on a nite of watching football with friends  ... Come on in & Let Your Good Time Begin, Travis  Vautour Vautour Turns "The Dirty Thirty" & Celebrates at The Silhouette Lounge with All of Allston It's his Birthday Tradition & Always A Grea Time
Just to name a few at The Big "T's" Birthday Bash
Becca Button..Steve Vautour..Justin Brooks..Dave Gutt..Payton Crawford..Samantha Gordon..Keven Sandberg..Mikee Rheault..Mike Berman..Jobian Day..Zoe Smith..Samantha Gordon..Hallie MacDonald..Jillian Fennimore..Erin O'Leary ..Suzanne Haggstrom..Earl J. Brown..and many many more, Travis Vautour ...Turns "30" & everyone gets to "Party", Travis Vautour "30", Travis Vautour "30", Travis Vautour & Friends, Travis Vautours "Big T is Thirty Party", Travis Vautour Turns "The Dirty Thirty" & Celebrates with all of Allston at the Silhouette Lounge..It's A Birthday Tradition & Always A Great Time, Happy Birthday Best To Our Charming Man "Jim Sklaver" Have a Fun Packed Weekend "Party from Start to End", Hey Hey Hey Today is Your Happy Birthday ...The Silhouette Lounge is sending "Birthday Best to "Mr. Travis Vautour" & "Mr. Mike Van Buren"  ...Hope Your Day Is The Best In Every Way.., Wednesday 12/12/12 and we are all still going strong ... Just one more reason to join us here at The Silhouette Lounge to Celebrate by enjoying some Beers & Cheers with All Your Friends Near & Dear..
Open time is 4pm .. And thats a Great time to let the games begin..Lets let it be known that 12/12/12 in Allston is Awesome.., The Silhouette Lounge would like to send a "Big Best of the Best Birthday Wish to One of Our Own "Sean Gannon" 
Here's Hoping Your Special Day Is Great In Every Way ..Enjoy, Monday with Phil ... Our Monday Go To Guy is a lot of Fun .. and there is nothing better he would like to do than be serving you some nice cold cheap brews with some of our famous free popcorn....You can join him tonight right here at the Sil while you Cheer for the Patriots....a home town bar cheering on the home team division champions ... is a double win win, TGIF at the Silhouette Lounge stands for "To Get In First" grab some house darts or play pool .. and maybe win some keno too..
It's all good when you come in here ..good friends ..good times and best of all cheap beers & free popcorn all night long & now serving 8" pizza pies $6.00 & chicken wings $3.50 per order of 5 w/ 1 side blue cheese ..however if its something else that you want to eat feel free in bring it in our feelings will NOT be hurt ..Brighton Ave has every kind of food you could imagine ... getting to enjoy it in your favorite bar has got to be the Best by Far ..."Better Than Priceless", It's Thursday Night "The start of a great Weekend" but only if you start & end it here at "The Sil"  where everyone knows your name located smack in the middle of Awesome Allston...
Mix & mingle while spending very little jingle ... A good time is all you will find when it's the Sil that you spend your time...
Being a part of it all "Better Than Priceless", Wednesday 4pm come spend Hump Day with us right here in Allston's #1 Dive Bar & enjoy some Cheap beers (with even cheaper) "Free Popcorn" and a great mix of everyday Allston Folks..from Rock Stars & Artist to your everyday Joe this is the place that you should go ..  The Sil is Allston through & through so make sure we are on your list of To-Do..., Sunday ... 12pm ...Join us for a day of Football .. The Patriots will start the day kicking off at 1pm & this is the Bar you should watch them in .. Your Home town  Bar & Your Home town Team can only mean a Win Win  ...  Sit back & watch every play while Alissa serves you some nice cold beer & endless baskets of free popcorn.. if you feel you want something more we now have 8 inch pizza pies & chicken wings or you can bring in or order out ..
So come on in and cheer your team on to another win..., Happy Birthday Best are being sent from The Silhouette to "Tara Sellios" Enjoy Your Special Day Tara "Party Hardy", Yes..The weekend is finally here and its time for you to join us so you can kick back & relax maybe play some pool or darts ..enjoy a nice cold brew..shoot the breeze with some friends over a basket of corn & celebrate that your work week is done..
As you probably already know the Silhouette is now serving 8" Pizza Pie's (plain $6.00 or pepperoni $7.00) & slightly spicy Chicken Wings (5 per order) $3.50 with 1 side of Ken's Blue Cheese Dressing .... Such a Deal ..It's a Steal .. We of course will still have our Free Endless Baskets of Popcorn available all night long
However if it something else that you want Feel Free to bring in your own Eats .. & if a group of you would like to order your own large pizza that will be fine with us .. we are simply trying  to offer you a little something extra to choose from...At the Silhouette its All About You, The Silhouette Lounge is sending a "Happy Birthday Wish" to Two of our Own .. "Paige Stevens & Mercer Livingstone Smith" 
Hope You Both Have A Fun Filled Day, Wednesday 4pm..Something New for You at The Silhouette Lounge..We will now be serving 8" Pizza Pies..Cheese $6.00 .. Pepperoni $7.00 along with Slightly Spicy Chicken Wings served with 1 side of Ken's Blue Cheese Dressing 5 wings perorder for $3.50
Have No Fear we will still be serving up Our Famous World Renowned "Free Popcorn" All Night Long .. So you can still wine & dine for under $9.00 with our $8.50 Pitchers of Beer & Endless Corn.. 
With that being said "Come On In" .. Watch Some Sports .. Play some pool or darts snack on some corn and if you want something more the Pizza & Wings are a really Good Score, The Silhouette Lounge would like to send Our Good Friend & Actress Ally Tully "A Very Happy Birthday Wish"  ..
Hope you have a Fun Filled Day Ally..Today is All About You.., Sunday 12pm .. Lots of good football to be seen on any one of our 6 big flat screens .. with the Celtics playing at 6pm..the Sil is the place you should be in .. this local bar is the Best by Far ..with prices so low its the only place to go..free popcorn ..pool ..darts and keno all here waiting for you .., Friday ..After Turkey Day..12noon to 1am...Done with the Thanksgiving Dinner .. Done with the Special Price Shopping ..then its time to hit the Silhouette and start rocking..the one place where prices are always Special because our People are Special..
With that being said The Silhouette is where you should be Heading ...Come On In & Let The Good Time Begin, The Silhouette Lounge is sending Best Birthday Wishes to two of its former Bar Maids ..Louisa Louise & The Original Bar Maid from Back in the Day "Margaret Hicks" also known as Crazy Peg...
"Have A Great Day Ladies", Happy Thanksgiving To All ... The Silhouette Lounge will be Open for business at 6pm ready & waiting for you to come in and have a few brews with your Allston friends .., The Silhouette Lounge will be open regular hrs. Wednesday 4pm to 1am..Business as usual...To those that are traveling to join family & friends for Thanksgiving we want to Wish you a Safe Journey & to those who are staying local you can join  your Allston family & friends right here at the Silhouette Lounge the bar thats open for you 365 days a yr..  
Thanksgiving Day opening time is 6pm with dinner done its a great time to join your friends that mean the most for a good old fashion holiday toast, The Silhouette Lounge is sending A Big Happy Birthday Wish To Aurore Ounjian who just Happens to be on tour with "Mean Creek"
Struming & Singing Her Soul Out.."Happy You Day Girl", Three Cheers For The Weekend Double that when you join us here at the Silhouette Lounge the Best Dive that can be found smack  in the middle of Allston...
We have it all right here waiting for you lots of fun people ..lots to do..cheap prices & free popcorn too ..with our $8.50 pitchers you can wine & dine for under $9.00 ...Life is Good In Our Neighborhood...We Are Allston Through & Through, "Happy Birthday Weekend" Sam Nevin "48 hrs of Fun Fun Fun and 24 to bounce back....Enjoy..., If your in Allston tonight pop on in and join Irene & Phil while you get your Fill of Good Times at the Sil..always cheap & always fun .. Forever Number 1 in Allston ..., ..The Game was Won and Shots were Done in Honor of one of the Best Captains in the league ..  "Sam Galpin"  ..
This ones for you "Sam", Sending A Big Birthday Wish To "Becky Tanger" Officially Making It "Becky" Day  .. Enjoy Your Special Day ..  Do It Up In Your Own Special Way, Darts will be played tonight in honor of Sam Galpin..We are going to bring it on home at home tonight just for you Sammy..
Feb 11,1975  .. Nov 13,2011, The Silhouette Lounge would like to take this opportunity to send a "Big Thank You To All The Men..Women & Animals That Have Served In Any of Our Armed Forces ..Past..Present & Future..For Keeping This Country Safe & Free", Sunday 12pm...Go Pats...If your looking for a great spot to kick back with some friends for a few cold cheap beers we want you to know that the best place in Allston is right here ..The Silhouette Lounge conveniently located smack in the middle of Art & Rock City..our no frills bar is the Best by Far..
Priced for the Average Joe with Free popcorn all night long.. The Sil is the one place where everyone belongs .., Wishing our very own  "Robert Goldstein" The Best of the Best Birthday Weekends Ever.....   "Party Hardy Rob Enjoy", Happy Birthday To You "Paige Dalton" Enjoy Your Special Day, Friday ... For a Good Time in Allston join us at 200 Brighton Ave for a Great Time get there early and cheer on the Celtics at 7:30.. With our 6 Big Flat TV Screen's no matter where you are every play can be seen and we are sure once you are here you will have to agree that the Silhouette is the place you want to be ...
Cheap prices..Good Times..Free Popcorn all night long ..along with darts..pool..buck hunter..a great juke box and keno too..we have it all just for you, Hey Hey Hey "Carol Warren" Today is Your Special Day .. Today is All About You ... Happy Birthday To You "Birthday Girl" from all of us at The Silhouette Lounge, Wednesday 4pm Open .. Hump day equals great day when its the Silhouette you choose to stay .. We have the Celtics showing at 7:30 ..darts & pool all night long & lots of free popcorn while you get to play your favorite songs ... with this kind of win win how could how you Not tag along .., Tuesday ...Open 4pm with Allston back to normal again and that being what ever the normal calls for on any given day .. The one thing you can always count on is The Silhouette being the same ol way ..Good Times..Cheap prices..Free Popcorn...Pool..darts..buck hunter top of the line juke box and keno too ..theres always something for you to do along with a friend or two happy to share any of the above with you...The Sil is Allston Through & Through, Birthday Greetings are being sent from Allston, Ma to Brooklyn,N.Y. for our very own Mr. Justin  Brooks ..Enjoy Your Special Day Justin..Was so nice to see you on your visit home.. We all look forward to seeing you again soon to Party Party Party, Monday..Nov.5th ..Open 4pm ..This will be a memorable day for Allston & Brighton...having Aerosmith play a free concert at the spot where they started decades ago .. As we have stated many times Allston gets in your blood it is & always will be a close knit town with so much talent and heart memories made here will never part ..
The Silhouette is happy for everyone that will get to enjoy this once in a life time chance and proud to be a small part of this awesome town..They estimate at least 100,000 people will be attending... So lets all do our part to keep this day trouble free and show the world when it comes to Rock & Roll Allston is the Place to Be ... Enjoy & Be Safe, Allston has so many talented people..these 2 etchings were done by Mike the top is a self portrait & the bottom a Thank You..
The Silhouette is Lucky to have so many talented patrons.., Birthday Best to Michael Chabot treat yourself to an awesome Allston Diner Meal & we suggest the 200 Bighton Ave Special..
also sending Loosey Chabot a Brithday Best with doggie hugs & rubs ....Enjoy, Happy Happy Happy "Julia Nahmias Day" Sending  a Special Birthday Wish Your Way "Julia" on this Very Special Birthday..
Enjoy your "Birthday Weekend", Happy Birthday to Mr. Jonathan Natale from the Silhouette Lounge your stomping grounds located in Awesome Allston, The Silhouette is Sending its Best to Brenda Jayne Wynne who was a hit & run victim Oct. 31 at 4pm on the corner of Kelton & Comm Ave ..Brenda is one of our own & use to work at the Silhouette Lounge before opening her business Stingray Body Art in Allston .. she is a talented artist & a wonderful person known & loved by all ... she suffered some serious injurys but she is also a fighter & todays operations went well ..Keeping you in our Best of Thoughts Brenda ..from all of Allston, Happy Spooky Day to All of Allston & Beyond ..This should make for a Great Hump Day .. Allston folks are well known for their ingenious ideas & the Sil is looking forward to seeing some more awesome costumes..so come as whoever you are..The Silhouette likes you however you dress just don't forget your proper ID it will still have to pass the Real You Test ...
Cheap beers & free popcorn all night long costume or not at "The Silhouette You Can't Go Wrong", Happy Birthday From Allston To Bath Maine for Zack French...Enjoy Your Day The Silhouette Way .. A dart in one hand & a pitcher in the other a smile on the lips & some dancing with the hips ...Go Zack, Sending a Birthday Greeting to Mr. Pat Faherty ..Enjoy Your Special Day Pat from your friends at The Sil, FYI .. It's Business as Usual ..4pm till 1am.. If your looking for a place to have some fun & forget about Sandy or maybe just watch he pass through then The Silhouette is The Place For You..
We will keep it flowing as long as Mother Nature allows..., Not just Pickle Backs These 3 brave souls ground up the pickles in a bowl then put them back in the jar we added the Jim Beam to the jar & after a few shakes of the lambs tail we strained the concoction into chilled shot glasses ..we aim to please, Wishing a Happy Birthday to two of our own  "Daniel Sanchez & Mike Human"  Party Hardy & Safe Today It's All About You, Happy Birthday to you "Silverdoor Wunderkammen" Enjoy, Keeping it Simple & Fun .. Four Good Friends on a Friday Night Chilling at the Sil, Ronald McDonald with Mother Theresa and none other than Jesus Christ Himself hung out together last night ..Where ? Right Here at The Silhouette Lounge and Yes Holy Water was Passed around, null, Kelli-Ann & the Gang have a reunion in the dart room...
Great nite having everyone together this what it is all about..
Friends till the end & dart players forever, Zack paid a visit back to Boston & spent most of his time in his favorite spot which we thought was Awesome ...
He may not live up the street anymore but  one thing is for Sure "The Sil & Zack will always be a Perfect Match, `So last week Cady Drell was writing an article for the Dig when she came in the "Sil" one of her all time favorite places to hang & wanted to take a photo of the Most Adorable Person in the bar ..after looking over the crowd we decided on "Harley" who always has this Happy Go Lucky Smile on his face ..check out this weeks "Dig" although they listed the wrong price for the PBR's which are $3.00 per 16oz can & $2.50 for a 16oz or even better $8.50 for a pitcher... we are more than thrilled to be a big part of Cadys Life & to have her tell the whole world how much she Like us is "Yes Again You Guessed It ....PRICELESS..."
Thank You Cady & Harley for being a part of The Silhouette, John Cohan at the start of his Bachelor Party..with the bus parked out side & the coolers all packed John & his friends are on the right track..1st off to eat and then Party Hardy...Congratulations, The Silhouette Lounge wants to send Three Happy Happy Happy Birthday Greetings..to 1. Kristen Connolly 2. Greg Boerman & 3. Ed St. Germain   ...Enjoy You Special Day..., null, Friday lets Party all weekend long also keep in mind that it is Regatta Weekend so allow for some extra time with just about everything In Allston & Brighton...For us at the Sil its business as usual ..cheap beers..free popcorn and a Great Time all night long..
Being a Part of It ...Yup You Got It ... "Priceless", Sending a Big Happy Birthdy Wish to Tay-Lor ..from Allston with Hugs, Keeping "Allston Awesome" ..Our New Grate Mural

Plain & Simple ..The Way Life Should Be, Wednesday ... and what an Awesome Hump Day It Is .. Open time is 4pm just in time for you to come in & catch the Giants & Cardinals Game ..play some darts or pool & then catch the Yankees & Tigers Game.  It's that time of year & we get to sit back & watch the Best of the Best Battle it Out..
What better place to watch them "Play Ball" than here at The Silhouette Lounge where the Prices are designed to fit the "All Around Average His or Her's Budget", Wednesday :), :), Look who got Engaged ..This Couple ..Congratulations to two very Happy people from The Silhouette Lounge
Christina Michael Cameron & Jodf Iudfh Sled, The Silhouette Lounge would like to send A Very Happy 5 Yr. Anniversary  Wedding Wish To Mr. & Mrs. Michael & Erin Human. This Happy couple now the proud parents of 2 handsome boys met right here at the Sil..Congratulations to "The Couple with The Infectious Smile as they walk proudly to the tune of  "We Are The Champions", Enjoying some  "Lunch Box Cocktails" at the Sil .. These Tasty Concoctions are Great anytime Day or Night, A very nice Surprise visit from our Silhouette Lounge Tattoo man:
Mark Robillard...This man has a tattoo of the Silhouette Logo above is heart....We Heart You Too Mark Robillard, A avery nice Surprise visit from our Silhouette Lounge Tattoo man:
Mark Robillard...This man has a tattoo of the Silhouette Logo above is heart....We Heart You Too Mark Robillard, Girls Nite Out with.."Miss Natty B. Good & Miss Carol Warren.."
You Know This Was A Good Time & We were Happy to be a Big part of there Friday Night Live Show...Never a Dull Moment with these Girls in the House.., Still one night left for the long weekend  ..join us tonight right herel .. watch the Pats take it back .. while you get your Fill at the Sil with popcorn made from our brand new Popcorn Machine.., Wishing Brianna Bernard A Very Best of the Best Birthday ..Enjoy, What does a Long weekend in Allston mean ?   You get to spend another weekend night with the Silhouette Team smack in the middle of Art & Rock City .."Allston".. The Sill is Allston through & through .. Free popcorn all nite long ..pool..darts..buck hunter ..  top of the art juke box..6 flat tv screens & keno too ..It's Fun.. It's Real and our prices are always the Best Deal ..
Our $8.50 pitchers of beer & free popcorn lets you wine & dine for under $9.00 ....So come on in and join us for a Great Time .., Happy Birthday Mr. James Beck Quelle ..Happy Birthday To You
Today is your Day  ..A special one just for you.. We hope you get to enjoy it doing what ever you like to do.., Party Party Party Danielle Benson & Then Party Some More
"Happy Birthday  Dear Danielle Happy Birthday To You", A visit from our very own "Camila Devlin" when ever this Lovely Lady is in this town "The Sil is the place she can be found", Sending "Big Birthday Wishes To "Joe McMahon" .. Today is Your Day Take it Away the Joe McMahon Way.., We Made The List  "Thank You" Cheap Drinks..Cheap Pitchers..Free Popcorn All Night Long ..Video Games ..Darts ..Awesome Juke Box..Pool Table & Keno too .. ...":Thanks Again To All of You for Making The Silhouette the Bar You Choose To Gather In With All Your Friends:", Wishing "The Best of Happy Birthdays" to Two of our Talented Musicians Andrew Wilson & Ian Clark"   "Enjoy", The Sill had a Great Saturday Night with a Happy Surprise Visit from not One but Two of our all time Favorite People .. Camila Devlin & Mr. Daniel Mills .. A Perfect Plus For A Finishing Touch To An Already Awesome Night .., The Silhouette Lounge is "Sending Double Birthday Best Wishes To James & John Curran", Scottie TheFace & Holly Pelletier Clark from Days of Play "Share the Love & A Cake"  Double The Pleasure Double The Fun This was one Heck of a night for everyone, The Silhouette Would Like To Send Special Birthday Greetings To Two Very Special People Who Also Happen To Be The Best Of Friends...."Happy You Day Holly Pelletier Clark" & "Happy You Day Scotti TheFace (McClain)"
Hope Your Special Day Is The Best In Every Way, Another Fun Filled Night At The Silhouette .. Thanks Everyone for All The Fun...Lets Do It Again & Again & Again ...The Good Times Just Never End When It's The Silhouette That Your In..., A Hardy Welcome to "Stephen Buckley" & Yup he used a hair pick to get this look just for us .. and Smiled All The While ..
Thanks Stephen for sharing your work of art with all of us you gave our night a Giant Plus with everyones Two Thumbs Up, Wishing "Larry Litogot A Happy Happy Joy Joy Birthday"
Enjoy Your Bad Self Mr. Birthday Boy, Wishing Mr. Michael Stainslaw Swid A Very Special  Birthday...
May Your Day Be Great & Your Night Even Better...Party Hardy, Happy Birthdy Mark Balboni from Allston to Oakland 
Hope You Enjoy Your Special Day..No Work Just Play Play Play, null, Friday 12pm start your day with Kristen she will be your host till 7pm Then Irene..Alissa & Phil will be more than Happy to serve the crowd untill 1am ..Good tunes .. Cheap Prices & Free Popcorn All Night Long .. if your going to be in Allston this is spot where you Belong ....TGIF to get in first show up early..ID's are a Must & its our scanner we trust  but once that is passed the good times start fast...Welcome to The Silhouette Lounge, Happy Birthday "Nicklaus Pereksta" Today is Your Day..Party Hardy, Sending a Big Happy Birthday Wish to "Michelle Kristen" Enjoy, Wishing  "Payton Crawford"  A  Very Merry Happy Birthday...
Make sure you take time to play & enjoy your very Special Day, Sunday with Alissa Krebs ..12pm..Watch the Patriots play there 1st home game at your home town bar..with our 6 big flat screens no matter where you sit every play can be seen...
Lets kick off this season together right Here because "The Pats have got  there Game On"  and  This is Going to Be "The Patriots 
 Year"         Go Pats, Saturday..Great night with Irene ..Earl J. Brown ..Kate Olson & Kristen ..which has ow become a regular event ..However putting this night over the Top was having Todd Wilson & Billy Brown back in town..
"How Sweet it is at The Silhouette Lounge", Satrurday  ...  Oh Ya Friday was another GOOD nite with Irene .. Gene .. Alisa & Phil all nite long  "Where" right here at the Sil and the plan is to do it again..
Same place same time 12 noon till 1 am so at some point during these hours this is the spot you want to be in with Sean from 12pm to 6pm & Irene ..Kate ..Kristen & Earl will be happy to let you finish the nite with a Whirl, Friday in Allston can be better than awesome when you come to the Silhouette to drink your cheer ..you won't find anyplace cheaper than here & our free popcorn goes all nite long while you get to listen to your favorite songs from our Top of the line Juke Box that you can down load from your phone...
You haven't been to Allston if you have not been here so don't put us off any more make it a point to walk through our door grab a chair & order up your favorite cheer...
The God Times Always Start Here.., Happy Birthday Mikee Rheault..Happy Birthday To You, Happy Happy Joy Joy to Not 1 but 2 Very Special Birthday Boys ..
 Justin Kelly ..&.. Jamal Sturdivant 
Seperated at birth by Years & Space The Silhouette is very Happy that they both chose Allston as their Playing Place...& The Sil as  one of the spots where you will always see their Face ..
Enjoy Your Day .. Looking Forward To Seeing You.., Sending "Happy Birthday Wishes" To 3 of our Friends..May they Party Hardy till the Day Ends...
Rick Smith .. Alex Betancourt  & Jeff Rowe (former doorman), Happy Birthday "Stacey Sullivan" Party Hardy on Your Special Day, Never Mind 5 Guys .. 3 Girls Ruled Tonight ..Irene..Kristen & Kate is All that it Takes..to make a Saturday Night in Allston a lot more than Awesome and Thats The Way We Like It Aha Aha...When ever you are in our town the Silhouette is the place to be found...Why ? .. Plain & Simple We are the Best Dive Bar Around..With Prices So Low There is No Place Else You Would Want To Go..., Friday...just flat out Awesome all day & night..Word must be out that The Silhouette Lounge has Prices & a Crew that are  out of sight  ..Kristen..Irene..Alissa..Earl & Phil are dynamite..and $8.50 pitchers of beer along with free popcorn all night long ...How ??? can anything go wrong...Not, The Silhouette would like to Wish A Very Happy Birthday to some Very Special People:
"Earl J Brown" our Large & Incharge Go to Guy on Sat. & Sunday nights..and very talented Guitar Player Musician & Guitar Repairer & Sound man:
"Massiel Grullen" an Extremely Gifted Artist Loved By All
"Keith Bennett" well know all over Musician
We Hope Your Special Day Will Be The Best In Every Kind of Way:, Wednesday..aka Hump Day..well the morning rain has gone away and its time for you to come our bar & play .. some darts..some pool & some great tunes to listen too .. at the Silhouette theres always something for you to do even if its just to enjoy a brew or two ..
So come on in and catch some of tonights sports on one of our 6 big flat tv screens while you chow down on the Best Free popcorn  in town..., A Special Birthday Bash for Our Very Own Alissa Krebs & her  BFF Meghan Snyder ..Thanks for sharing your "Special Day" in a Very Special Way  "At The Silhouette Lounge" making it a Superb Night for Everyone Around... 
Alissa Krebs & her "mini me" Best Friend Forever  Meghan Snyder, Sunday Sept.1,2012...Two of our New Peeps in Allston..:
      Wlecome Home Our New Friends, Hello Friends...The Long Last Weekend of summer is coming to a close and we would like nothing more than for you to come on in so we can get acquainted & cheer it on together .. because no matter what time of year The Silhouette is where all of Allston still gathers..Pool..darts..buck hunter..top of the line juke box free popcorn all nite long a photo booth for proof of your good time..& keno too .. along with the cheapest prices to be found in town..makes the Silhouette your Best Bet.., Happy Birthday "Jessy Drastic" Enjoy your Special Day, Saturday 12 noon ..The Silhouette is wishing the Best to all the Newbies moving in to this Awesome town that we call Home & if your 21 plus with a valid ID come join us at the Sil & you will never feel alone...with our great mix of people we have become a home away from home..we are your local bar with local folks and prices so low you will think you you struck gold .. we are the spot where everyone meets known as "The Best Dive Bar" conveniently located in the center of Allston on the corner of Brighton Ave & Allston Street   .... How more Allston can one place be ..., Friday 8/31/12 Open with Alissa 12pm ...
Happy Birthday to Our Co-worker & Go To Girl  "Alissa Krebs" ..The girl with the winning Smile .. always upbeat makes just seeing her a treat .. You can join her today & wish her a Happy Birthday in your own Special way from noon till 7pm after that its anything goes because this girl will be off the clock and ready to rock, Tuesday 4pm...It' that time a year and we want to welcome all the new folks to our Funky little town..and we are hoping to be found by everyone around ... We want to take this chance to Give Everyone the Heads up..To the New & the Old A Valid I.D. is a Major Must...as much as we want to have your business we also want to stay in business ..a scanner is used and the scanner will choose the real from the fake ..so make no mistake when you come to enter our awesome place if its a fake ID you will not be taking up any of our space & to those who make the pass we at The Silhouette Lounge want to Welcome you to the Best Dive Bar Around ..Cheap Prices & free popcorn all night long...with $8.50 pitchers you can wine & dine for under Nine...
Check us out there is lots to do when its our doors you come through..Welcome Friend Come On In..from the Silhouette Crew, A Night with Eliza Jane Seastone..., null, We are going to miss this smile but only for a short while..
Eliza will be taking some time off and as much we hate to see her go its all for a wonderful cause...
A Mother & wife is what she wants to be & all we want is to see her Happy...The Silhouette is wishing her the very Best and will be here waiting for her return after Baby and some Rest, Happy Birthday to Zoe Smith & Luke Savadyga...Enjoy, Lets do it again together right here at the Sil .. let's make like last nite never came to an end.. after all it's Saturday and still the weekend..but then again in Allston every night is a "Do It Up Right Night" and The Sil is the Best Bar To Do It Up In.., Thanks everyone for making Friday so much fun ..It is because of you we remain #1 .. and it's nice to know that "Our Humble Little Place" still has what it takes to be known & loved as an "Allston Keepsake", null, Ahh ..Thursday in Allston..Need we say more .. if your looking for a place to kick back & relax maybe hook up with some friends to listen to you favorite tunes & start your weekend .. then you should Absolutely walk through our door .. 
Conveniently located in the heart of Art & Rock City.. The Sil is nothing fancy or sweet .. Just The Number One Place For People To Meet.., Happy Birthday "Carol", null, Weekend Regulars & Happy Ever After Newlyweds, Tonight we will have the honor of Carol Welch celebrating her birthday with Karla ..& the girls..for many many many years & more this group has gathering here to celebrate any occasion they could think of and some that do not exist but when ever they got together you could rest assured the night had a different twist..with laughs so hard your sides would split..
"Happy Birthday Carol Welch", Nothing makes for a better Friday night than a visit from an old friend...Matthew DeAngelis with just a few of his old crew..
Married now with not 1 not 2 but 3 kids of his own this once wild & crazy guy has mellow down his tone..still lots of laughs & always a good time when ever he comes to town the Sil is where he can be found.., Saturday .. 12pm ..come chill at the Sil with Alissa Krebs ..Allstons #1 Dive Bar with Dive bar prices and atmosphere...enjoy our never ending free popcorn.. pool .. darts .. top of the art Juke box that you can play from your phone or with a card .. 6 Big flat tv screens ..buck hunter .. a photo booth & the lottery too there is always something that you can do .. 
This is a place where you can mix with the crowd or just sit back & relax alone which ever you choose is all up to you .., Friday..Electricity..Allston..Silhouette..Tonight spells a FEAST of a Good Time..Let's Party again Like It's 1999...NSTAR has already taken way to much of our fun time...Lets do what Allston does Best ..Lets take back our night Starting right here at The Silhouette with pitchers of beer & lots of cheer ...
Rock On Allston Rock On .., The Silhouette wants to Wish Our Very Own "Eliza Jane Seastone Nichols"..A Very Special & Happy Happy Birthday..It is Officially Declared "Eliza Day All Day & All Night Long" her very first one as Mrs. Nichols with a million more to come...
Happy YOU Day Eliza & Thanks for sharing it with all of us...from All Your Fans & The Silhouette Crew .. Your One of Kind & Today is All About You, Wednesday 4pm .. Its all systems go and going full "Cool" ahead ..come Chill with us here at The Sil..enjoy a cold brew with  a bowl of popcorn or many more if you choose while you download & listen to your favorite tunes ... sooner or later most folks in Allston will walk through our door so don't tempt fate &  have to wait get here early & party party Party, Monday..come Chill with Phil from 4pm to close .. The Sil is the only way to go ..True Story.. NSTAR has the block Up & Running and after 2 days of being off & on & down & out The Silhouette is ready to Twist & Shout ..We have truly missed all of you so grab  your friends & head on in and Let The Good Times Roll Again...
Also for our Pool Playing Crew we have 4 Nice New Sticks just for you.., Just got word NSTAR is pulling a rabbit out of its hat and going to have power for us by 9:30 pm tonight...we well be there to welcome to this blessing and embrace the remaing part of the night...Come join us and lets get this party started...., "To all of our Patrons"  The Silhouette Lounge would like to apologize for any inconvenience that the ... "Lack of Service from "NSTAR" has caused all of Allston especially to our loyal clientele...we know there is no place like "Home" and we don't like our people to roam but it seems "NSTAR" has an agenda of there own and whatever it is they don't want to share with any of the homes and business that are located here..
They give us no warning or time frame they just leave us in the dark again & again...So Please understand we are doing all we can and would let you know more if NSTAR would come up with a plan...We do run on a generator for as long as we can but there is only so much the generator can do..
Again we are Sorry for this mess and are hoping "NSTAR" can call in some workers that know what they are doing and let us get back to doing what we love to do "Seeing & Serving All of You", A Special Happy Birthday To Our Man "Phil" aka Shuloon Ratzkoff, Weekend Fun in Allston at some point in time must include at least one or two visits with the Silhouette Crew...conveniently located smack in the middle of Rock & Art City..this is the place  that Loves to see you .. This bar has no frills or gimmicks it is simply the place where folks come to hang & have fun "Without going over there "Budgets Limit"
Pool..darts..Buck Hunter..Photo Booth..6 Big flat tv screens..Best  Juke Box around town ..free popcorn all night long..and the Lottery too..we have it all here waiting for you.., Thursday night come on in and Catch Eliza Jane Seastone Nichols with Irene & Gene sharing the Dream of serving the "Best of Allston".. When you can do your job and see all your friends its always a Win Win and getting paid to have this much fun definitely makes us the Lucky Ones.., Bill Moschella & future bride Hailey Pearson drop in for a visit from Charleston, South Carolina with friends Nikki Walsh & Dan Canny..
Always a pleasure to see you our old friend with friends like you the Spirit of the Silhouette never ends, Monday you can get your fix with Phil who puts an awesome twist to the tastest shots to be found in all of Allston and beyond...
So head on in for a Fun filled night .. at the One bar where the prices are always Right and with Free popcorn all night long this has got to be the place that you belong..., Another Great Night at the Silhouette Lounge better yet another Awesome Week as we speak...Thanks every one for all the Fun...and making the Silhouette Number One..., It's Friday ... where ya wanna be .. the "Silhouette Lounge" it's Friday who ya wanna see ..Alissa ..Irene..Phil and Gene
It's Friday and we are looking forward to seeing You.., A visit from our own Mark Balboni with his Lady & friends ..Mark moved to Oakland, Ca and had a chance meeting with his Hero & Legend "Boston Celtic Bill Russell #6" while working at Whole Foods ..He got to show him his green #6 tattoo on his neck.  I am sure Bill was just as honored to meet Mark as Mark was to meet him..., Forever a part of the Sil ..Always in our thoughts & hearts..
                                 "Sam Galpin", Sunday...an evening with Phil come get your fill of fun & be entertained at the Sil with Our Man Phil ... if its a tasty shot that you need than this is the man to come and see ...always upbeat and on the go Phil is an awesome one man show...with no cover charge or fancy dress code you can catch his side show every Sunday ...Monday  & Friday night right here at The Silhouette Lounge, Allston Rocked today at Ringer Park and then at the Silhouette...nobody expected anything less..Thanks to everyone for an awesome Day and Night....Allston Rock Fest Rules...See you again next time good friend..., It's Friday all ready and you should be planning to visit us here at least once or twice over the weekend to share in some cheer while enjoying a nice cold beer..This is the one place you will always find someone you know and have a good time at a price that seems to roll back in time...
When to be a part of it ? well thats up to you ...just be sure to come through our door because here at the Sil we are always happy to see you....You are Priceless..., Tuesday at 4pm is when anybody thats anybody who wants to meet up with everybody thats somebody can come through our door have a seat and let us serve you up a nice cold pour...The Sil is what Allston is all about and if for some strange reason you have any doubt .. come on in and check us out we guarantee that you too will become another regular having a lot of fun...
It's How We Roll..It's What We Do..When your At The Silhouette It's All About You, All weekend long we will be going strong so you can enjoy cheap cold beers and free popcorn .. Our $8.50  pitchers of beer & baskets of corn allows you to wine & dine for under nine  .. When in Allston go "TRUE" Allston Style  even if its just for a little while..
"The Silhouette is and always will be The core of the Allston lure", Friday the 13th..Your Lucky Day when you choose the Silhouette to hang and play pool..darts..buck hunter and Keno too..they are all here waiting for you along with our new photo booth so you can have lasting memories and tangible proof of just how much fun Friday the 13th can really be when it is us you come and see.., Tuesday 4pm is when you should come in..Tuesday darts...Tuesday fun ...getting to watch the All Star Game with all your friends near & dear while you enjoy cheap beers and Cheer for your Favorite player of the Year .. Exciting & Priceless ... So come on in and hit a double with cheap drinks & free popcorn all night long ...Life is always Good in this Hood..., Monday's with Phil at the Sil from 4pm till closing..although this may not be enough time to get your share of fun with one of the most entertaining people under the sun .... he is fast with the words and quick with the pour and in a bar who could want anything more ..., What does Saturday mean in "Allston" one word says it all "SILHOUETTE"  lots of fun all day & all night .. right prices and the right place to be to see everyone..so come on in and let the good times begin.., Friday stop by & say Hi to Alissa Kreps then come back by at 9pm and do it again .. along with Irene ..Phil..& Gene the machine security .. Tonight we plan on having Phil doing some shake rattle & rolling ..video will be posted in the very near future .. this will be your only warning ..but in the mean time come on in for a good time .. fine wine without the bag .. and unwind .., Happy July 4th just so you know the Silhouette  will be open as usual ...just like The Good Old USA we are always here for you to come in and play..so after the burgers & hotdogs are done join us here and have some more fun...
Also FYI we now have a photo booth at the Sil so you can take pictures with your friends that are near & dear and have lasting memories of the good times shared here, Wishing Everyone A Safe & Happy Independence Day, Well the 4th is just around the corner and to those of you who are not on vacation or are and just hanging in the hood .. The Silhouette is here for you "365" days a year .. We want this much understood .. we would never leave you high & dry we are always here to serve you beer because to us your very dear .. so if your looking for a place to chill just join us here to get your fill.., A Big Hello & Welcome To Our New Go To Girl  "Kristin"  Its offical she has accepted the offer to join our crew and is looking forward to serving you as your waitress/bartender .. You can catch her serving tables on Wednesday nites & 2nd shift bartending on Saturday nites ... So stop by and say Hi and let her serve you a nice cold brew and see for yourself that this girl is a perfect fit at the Silhouette....., null, Samantha Gordon & her man Kevin Sandberg..Sharing The Love at the Silhouette Lounge ...Happy Birthday Sam, Samantha Gordon Enjoying her Birthday drinks with friends near & dear at the Silhouette Lounge, It's Friday already and you know what that means...Head over to the Silhouette and make the scene ..you know that this is the place where sooner or later you will see your friends face and your weekend fun will begin..the when part is totally up to you because at the Sil the good times last the whole night through.., A Night To Sarah Jane Mulcrone

You took a piece of our hearts and we took a piece of yours
So no matter the distance between us we will never be apart

Your Friends & Family at The Silhouette Lounge, null, null, null, Thank You all for coming in and making Sarah's last night one that she never wanted to end ..you made her Happy thats for sure because even Sarah had one more .. Wishing The Best To The Best...After all 12 years in Allston is no simple feat but she also knows there are No Better people she will ever meet ... The Silhouette has that kind of effect on folks..Friendships made here last for many many years...Being a part of it all ...Ageless, It has arrived ..Today is the last day for Sarah to serve you at the Silhouette ..so if you have not stopped in to Wish Her The Best tonight will be the only chance you get..The Sil will miss her as much as you but We Are Wishing Her The Best & Hope All Her Wishes Come True...We are Happy for the time we shared and all the good times that we had but we know now its time for her to go fulfill her future plans ... I am sure Allston has left its mark in her heart just as she has ours but if you wish to be served by her at the Sil you only have a few more hours....So lets get this show started...., It's crunch time people this Sunday & Monday night  is all you have left to come by & be served by Sarah at the Silhouette .. a decade is coming to an end as Sarah's new journey in life begins..so be sure to stop by at least one more time to toast her off in style and let her do what she does best "Serve You With A Smile", Here we go again another great weekend in Allston be sure to put us on your list to visit even if its just for one or two or maybe you will be just passing through with a quick Hi & Goodby its always a pleasure to see you ....we are not going any where The Silhouette will always be here and we want you to know we are here for You..Being A Part Of Allston....PRICELESS, Tuesday at 4pm this is the bar that you should be in .. make our day and yours too because the Silhouette is the best place to play..you know this as well as us so come on in and treat yourself to a Win Win Plus..., It's Monday already and Sarah's waiting for you to come through our door & to say Hi & Goodby...you may or may not know but Monday June 25th is her last show for serving drinks & beers here...We want you to know that although you may be sad this is not all bad .. because Sarah is Glad .. she is moving onward and upward with her life plan .. and although we will Miss her and she will Miss us  .. We Has Her Family & Friends Want To Wish Her "The Best" ...., Friday and the Silhouette is happy to officially present "The Weekend" Friday..Saturday & Sunday and this is the one spot where at least "some" of your time should be spent ..You know The Sil is always Happy to see you even if its for just one or two brews before you head out to do what you have planned to do..
Proper ID's are a Must..its 21 plus..with that being said "Come On In and See Us", Theres no need for rainy hump days to be a frump day .. just get your bad self over to the Sil and hook up with all your fine friends .. have a cocktail or two and let the good times begin .. join us at 4 when we open the door and turn that frown upside down while paying the cheapest prices in town...Enough Said, Saturdays in Allston should always include a stop by the Silhouette for some popcorn & a brew..theres always a friend here who is happy to see YOU...so don't pass us by come in and say Hi ..play some pool or maybe some darts while you listen to your favorite tunes ...  The Silhouette is still Your Best Bet .., Lets Do This Together...Please and Thank You.., Thursday at 11 am Lets get this weekend started right here & right now ..theres no better place to be in .. when the good times start they start within ... so be a part of all the fun & come to the Silhouette if your 21 ..ID's are a must ..Its the Law..Guaranteed Good Time when you walk through our door .. so come on in and bring your friends have a drink and meet some more ..., There will be NO rain delay at The Silhouette Lounge tonight .. nothing but Fun from the beginning to end .. This is the place that you want to be in ..cheap beers .. free popcorn .. good tunes .. pool .. video games ..darts .. and the lottery to win ... Getting to enjoy all of this with friends  ..PRICELESS, Wednesday 4pm ..This is when Hump day officially becomes Fun day leading into a Fun Nite .. All Nite Long .. Come join our crew and enjoy some low costing brews while we root root root for our Boys in Green..lets show the sports world what it really means when Boston Fans get together and cheer on their team...
LET'S DO THIS...GO CELTICS ...., Tonight at the Silhouette starting at 10pm a Birthday celebration for our own Rebecca Fine..aka..Bexx Fine Avengers, Ensemble ..Have a toast in honor of her Special Day & in lieu of cocktails for herself Bexx who needs a clear head for business matters would love a small donation $5.00 or under to create a work space at home for her up and growing business..Allston takes care of its own and you all know Bexx will never forget her friends & where she got her start..so lets help a sister out..it's a long weekend and Allston will be hopping tonight so hop on in and help a friend...
Long weekends are always GREAT at the Sil... This is the place where everyone meets..Our prices just can't be beat and theres always Free popcorn for you to eat ... Life is Good in this Hood..., Celtics tonight at 8pm and The Sil is the place you should be watching them in to cheer them on to another BIG WIN...Its been rough we will give them that but look how far they have come ..NOW.. is not the time to come undone....Let's hear it for Our Team ... Go Celtics ..., The Silhouette Lounge wants to give a "BIG WELCOME " to David Merkle and send a Big Thank You to The Loomis Brothers for bringing him to his new Favorite Bar, Rebecca Fine has been sharing her stylish ways with the Silhouette Lounge for some time but now she is sharing them with the world check her out at bexxfine.com,@bexxfine..this girl is off & running taking your Super Heros to a whole new level...Well done Bexx Fine..you can read all about her new fashion designs in the Dig Boston...Congrats to You Bexx, null, Rebecca Fine giving the Sil an autograph copy of her Dig Boston write up, Come SEE the C's here...Let's Cheer them on together in Allston  Style...Cheer Cheer Cheer with cheap pitcures of Beer Beer Beer..Lot's of Free Popcorn and Friends all around...The Way Life Should Be, Come on in and join us here in the Heart of Allston and enjoy some beers while we cheer cheer cheer for the Celtics ...
Game On....Let's Do This....Together Now..Go C's, Look who came back from Austin,Texas for a visit our very own "Chris Thompson with his with his Txas Beauty "Alison Morales"..What an Awesome Surprise that made for a Great Night"
Never a dull moment with this gang around only good times with lots of laughter..its all they know..its what they do..
Nice To See You Our Good Friend, null, These are just two of the many looks of our very talented Gansett Girl ""Lauren LoWreck Recchia""

Today is "Her Day" Lets Hear It For Our Girl...Lauren Rules, null, "Happy Birthday to our very own "Silhouette Lounge Gansett Girl Lauren Lowreck Recchia", OK Lets Hear It For Our Boys ...Celtics Rule..Join Us Here for Beers & Cheers, Look who the good weather brought us....Nice to have you back Stephen Bossi .. your smile has been missed, Saturday 12pm with Alissa Krebs ..Sox at 1pm ..Hockey & Basketball playoffs..Kentucky Derby .. and Cinco DeMayo all on the same day is more than enough reason to head our way .. come on in and let the games begin .. good times are never hard to find when its Allston that your in its no secret that the Silhouette is where they Begin and End ...., Wishing Lindsey Croteau & Marcus Benamati "A Very Happy Birthday Today"     Do it up the Allston Way, "Winston" on Saturday afternoon chillen with Alissa Krebs, It's always a Good Time at the Sil with "The Brothers" Jeff & Mark Mark Loomis, Saturday afternoon with "The Saturday Guys", Friday afternoon with "The Usual Suspects", null, Billy & Elisa .. Thursday with out BB & his fancy umbrella drinks will not be the same .. but he has promised to make visits ..Allston is in his soul and he will always be here no matter where he goes..
Good Luck Billy .. Fare Well, Wishing The Best To The Best .. Billy Brown Is Leaving Town .. He Is Soon To Be  L.A. Bound, Wednesday 4pm get over the hump and come on in..Be here to Cheer Cheer Cheer for the Bruins Game 7 tonight at 7:30pm .. We can do this you know we can we have done this before and we will do it again .. It will be tense this much we know But Hey This Is Boston & Thats How We Roll...
So be here by 7 grab a seat & a beer and get ready to watch the B's in High Gear .. When Push Comes To Shove We Are The Team To Fear .., Effy Savadgya & Michael Schulte play a friendly game of pool, Craig Gaulzetti is Always a Happy Camper at the Sil, Wishing The Best To Bexx Fine.. Check out her Line by Rebecca Fine, Happy Birtday..To.. Jobian Herron, Monday 4pm...Marathon Monday makes for one wild & crazy day for Boston but hey this is Boston where it all began and we can handle anything..with temperatures in the 80's things could get hazy..so why not just meet at the Sil to kick back & relax and let the insanity pass and enjoy a few brews while you play some darts or pool and listen to your favorite tunes on our top of the art juke box..we have the Bruins going back on the ice at 7:30 pm and they are ready to skate and take another win..This day is for Boston no matter where you are..but being at the Slhouette is always the Best By Far, null, Saturday 12pm..and we have it all going on today Red Sox at 4pm .. Bruins at 3pm and the Celtics at 7:30 pm .. A triple play our way would make for a perfect day ..watching our teams go three for three right here at the Silhouette Lounge the bar with die hard fans for all our sports is always your best resort..
Go Boston..Lets Hear It For Our Boys, Friday the 13th can start at 12 noon for you smack in the middle of Aweome Allston..right here at the Silhouette Lounge the bar where the good times can be found along with the cheapest prices around..our $8.50 pitches & free popcorn lets you wine & dine for under $9.00..we have the Red Sox at 2pm for there 101st season opener at Fenway and the Celtics at 7pm lets hear it for our home teams for a win win ...., Wednesday 4pm is a perfect time for the hump day to become  a Great Day the Silhouette way by joining us here to have a beer and get ready to watch and cheer the Celtics to win..last nights win was a major plus..lets do our part to make it happen again..watching the games at the Silhouette where everything cost so much less is always your Best Bet...., Happy Easter...Passover..to all our friends and a Special Happy 100th yr Birthday to Fenway Park .. and FYI the Silhouette is open regular hrs 12pm to 1 am .. we are here 365 days a year just for you because we care ..so when your Easter or Passover meal is done come join us and have some fun...Red Sox at 1pm and Celtics at 6 for anyone needing a sports fix watching the games are always better when we cheer them on together right here at the Silhouette Lounge.., Patrick Wild ... One of our Good Time Guys at the Sil, Saturday 12pm..weekend nice..weather nice...Bruins..Celtics & Red Sox playing on your day off nice...watching them play at the Silhouette where the prices are always right...Perfect..getting to do all this with people you know and enjoy...is simply Priceless, Friday at noon is when it all starts right here at the Silhouette Lounge with Sarah and what better way to start your day and get your mojo going than joining her for a brew or two to get you up and running...Friday's in Allston is always a treat and the Sil is the place people like to meet we are the bar with the prices that can't be beat so come on in and have a seat and let your fun weekend begin.., Thursday 11am.. start your day watching the Red Sox play with us at The Silhouette Lounge at 1pm sit back and relax with your choice of brew and cheer our home team to do what they do..PLAY BALL..we have them all today the Bruins at 7:30 pm & the Celtics at 9:30  so your best bet is to get here early..This is the bar to be in when our teams take the win ..your home town bar watching your home town teams play is Simply The Best Way To Spend Your Day... "Go Boston", null, null, Tusday 4pm we will be waiting for you to join us in this local dive that folks call home whenever they are in Allston...cheap beers with lots of cheer is what we consider normal here ..our free popcorn is a an added plus anytime night or day we are ready to give it away for you to enjoy with your nice cold brews..The Silhouette is here for you..., null, Sunday 12pm with Phil as your host and he's ready to whip you up his most recent tasty concoction.. The "Vegan Noodle Blaster" and once you try it I am sure you too will concur .. we have the Red Sox at 1:30 ..  the Celtics at 3:30 and the Bruins at 7pm .. 3 for 3 would make for a great day the only thing better is watching them together right  here at The Silhouette Lounge your neighborhood bar with the best prices to be found in and around our awesome town   ...., Friday at noon..For those of you lucky enough to have the day off come on in and pick your spot and to those who don't we will be right here waiting for you to join us too .. Our prices are the best you will find they are made with you in mind .. this is a working class bar one of the very few around .. we have not changed in all these years and "That My Friend Is Exactly Why We Are Still Here", Marcus Tang..Joshua Kirkwood..and the last roomate to turn 21.."Welcome Friend", Valerie Scott-Keys & Friends start her Come Back Party At The Silhouette...YES, She's Ready to Party, She's Back...Valerie Scott-Keys is Back ...Let The Games Begin, null, Thursday 11am our doors will be open for you to come in to help kick start your weekend in Allston ..play some pool..video games..lottery or darts a little change  in your daytime schedule helps make the body & mind excel and the rest of your day go well .. and with this kind of weather what could be better than to join us here and have a beer ...Absolutely Nothing .., Wednesday 4pm .. Cloudy with showers is what they say but who cares when you have the Silhouette to brighten your day .. The neighborhood bar where you know you will find cheap brews..free popcorn and good friends at any given time..night or day this is the place where people like to meet and play...being a part of all of this...Priceless, Monday 4pm if you happen to be in Allston you should stop in for some friendly chat about this & that whats up whats down and whats happening in our town..you never know who is going to show or what show is playing in town when your in Rock City there is always a Rock Show going down...The Silhouette is where folks like to meet and discuss  who ..what .. where and when while enjoying some free poporn and fresh brews at the cheapest prices in around town, Jessy Drastic & Joe Fernald...Architectural Design, Friday 12pm..Party hardy the weekends here with another great day to get some freash air and rejuvenate the mind..body & spirit and when your done clearing your head and soaking up some rays head our way to finish your day the Silhouette way ...enjoying cheap beers and lot's of cheer with people you know..when in Allston it's the only way to go ...everyone knows .. The Silhouette is your Best Bet, Thursday..we have it all going on great weather and everyone playing tonight..The B's .. C's ..and The Red Sox watch all three right here with us in Awesome Allston .. the A Plus Dive Bar with friends that come from near & far located smack in the middle of Rock & Art City.. The Best of the Best by far, Wednesday 4pm...the Sil frowns on hump day .. there is no such thing when you head our way because this is where everyone comes to play .. the only thing we offer here are good times and cheap cold beers and it's been this way for many years with many more to come .. just one more reason the Silhouette Lounge is Number 1, Tuesday 4pm...Here at Last ..Thank God Almighty It's Here at Last..Offically the 1st day of Spring has arrived so when your done soaking up the sun come on in and meet up with your friends to let the night time fun begin listen to your favorite tunes..play some pool ..video games..darts & lottery too while you enjoy your favorite brew right here at the Sil the bar with the lowest prices just for you ..we do our best to keep them this way so everyone can come in and play.. Your Nu. 1 Dive Bar in the heart of Awesome Allston....A.K.A. Rock & Art City, Monday 4pm our doors will be open for you to come in to have a seat and treat yourself to a nice chilled beer or perhaps a refreshing mixed cocktail whatever your choice the Silhouette always gives you the Best Deals.  Weather wise its a perfect day to join your friends for some outside play but when the sun goes down you should head our way and catch some of the B's & the C's as they play or maybe just have some friendly chat while you enjoy a few brews and unwind at the lowest prices you will find ..., Wishing Mr. Todd Wilson A Very Happy Birthday, Sunday 12pm..First we want to thank you for celebrating St. Paddys day with us making the wearing of the Green fun for everyone .. and if you need a place to recuperate come on in and let the healing begin at the one bar where you won't make your wallet get thin .. we have the Red Sox playing at 1pm and March Madness Basketball being put to the test to see who will be the Best of the Best ...
The Silhouette has already passed that test its folks like you that makes us The Best..., Saturday 12pm.. St. Patricks Day in Boston is nothing less than Awesome .. the wearing of the green is everywhere and Irish smiles can be seen for miles .. With Celebrations everywhere the Silhouette is still your Best Bet ... with people you know and prices so low your celebrating will continue to flow ... This local bar wants to see that St. Paddys day stays Happy & Safe for everyone that enters our place and as tempting as toasting the Irish can be we ask that you do so at a healthy pace...IDs are must and our scanner we trust so please be sure to have them ready at the door...., The Silhouette & Me Have A Long History, null, Friday 12pm..Come share this March Madness with us at the Sil where you can get your fill of drinks and popcorn for the lowest prices in Allston...Only here with our free popcorn & cheap pitchers of beer can you wine and dine for under $9.
There is always someway to pass the time like playing darts..pool..video games and the lottery too or just chilling with your friends while listening to your favorite tunes..whatever you choose is up to you ..but doing it here with us is always a major plus..all we ask is that you have a proper ID..to join us that is a must..., Wednesday 4pm ... This awesome weather brings everyone together and when that happens in Allston it's the Silhouette Lounge that you will find them in playing pool..darts or just relaxing with friends .. This local Dive is where you find lots of cheer and the lowest prices for your beers ..., Sunday 12pm come on and join your friends and meet some new ones while your here enjoing a glass of your favorite cheer..we have the Red Sox...B's and the C's on today ... A 3 for 3 would make for one heck of a day along with that extra time of sunshine ..the only thing better would be having everyone watching them together right here at the Sil your neighborhood Spot where getting your fill won't cost a lot...., Saturday 12pm ... and you have Alissa waiting for you to come in and start off  day 2 of of this fun weekend .. The Bruins will be on at 1pm .. lets cheer on our boys together again right here at the Sil in Awesome Allston .. Watching your Home Team at Your Home Bar is the Best way to spend your day .. Daylight Savings Time has finally arrived giving us that extra time of sweet sunshine that always seems to make things fine .. BUT it does not give us an extra hour of Bar Time ..our clocks go ahead after closing ..as much as we would Love to have you Stay The Law does not see it that way .. and as always ID's are a must and once they are scanned your welcome to come in and let the Good Times Begin.., Friday at noon..kick start your weekend ASAP right here at he Silhouette in The Heart Of Art & Rock City ... The Best Dive Bar to be found whenever you are Allston Bound .. Join all your friends right here for our Free popcorn and cheap draft beers ..our prices are set with you in mind its what keeps our people coming back Time After Time ...Good Times .. Good People .. Your neighborhood bar where everoyne is Equal .. The New .. The Old ..The Rich & The Poor ..When You Walk Through Our Door We Both Score, Wednesday 4pm.. Spring is in the air you can feel it everywhere ... the kind of day that puts the mind and body in high gear where you just have to get out and enjoy the fresh air .. play some hoop .. ride your bike or maybe just take a hike .. do whatever works for you and when your done with the great outdoors join your friends at The Sil for a night full of Fun .. The good times don't stop when the sun goes down .. The Silhouette is where they are Found, Tuesday 4pm For sure for sure we want to see you walk through our door have a seat and let us pour you your choice of brew .. along with a basket of our Free fresh pop corn that your welcome to have all night long...Red Sox at 1:05 pm but thats before we come in we have the B's and the C's playing tonight lets raise some cane and put up a fight .. there is  nothing our teams can't do when they play with all their might...lets cheer them on together right here tonight... Boston is  Awesome, Monday 4 pm ... Monday Monday so good to you when its the Silhouette that your in .. This Dive Bar is Simply The Best .. Better than all the rest ... the one thats known from the East to the West for prices so low that you never feel stressed .. having 
free popcorn all night long with  a juke box that lets you download your favorite songs and knowing your friends will be coming along ..can only mean.."The Sil is The One Place Where You Belong", Saturday 12 pm...Looks like the rain is here for the day so make the most of it and head on over to the Sil and play ... sit back and relax and let Alissa tend to the task of serving you your favorite brew ... once your here there lots to do .. pool .. darts ..video games and keno too .. or nothing at all .. that our friend is your Call ..
We have the Bruins playing at 1 pm lets cheer them on together to another win ..The Red Sox begin their exhibition games today with a college doubleheader.. with less than a month before opening day ..make the Silhouette your Bar to watch them play ..with cheap beers .. free popcorn .. good friends .. the bar where the good times never end, Friday  12pm ..Here we go again kicking off another weekend in Awesome Allston and where should this weekend start and end .. right here at the Sil with all your friends ... The bar where everyone likes to Meet and enjoy our free popcorn and cheap drinks ...along with darts..pool..video games..lottery and the newest Juke Box in all of Allston & Brighton .. This Dive Bar just can't be Beat, Wednesday 4pm... Leap Year gives us that Special extra day and when it lands on Hump Day " smack in the middle of the week " the Sil is the only place to meet .. the bar where everyone comes to stay and play .. Wednesdays are always fun but this is a Rare one and any time a day is even a little off you Know the "Silhouette is going to Rock".. So get here early on this Leap Year Day and let your Hoorays get under way ..., Tuesday at 4pm you will be more than welcome to come on in and have a good time while joining your friends ... prices are low and friends are plenty .. the Silhouette is the place to be whenever your in Rock City .. 
We have the Bruins & Celtics to cheer for tonight.. lets let the world know Boston won't give up the fight.. we see our teams through thick and thin and will root for them till the every end, "Simply The Best"  This was just the start of Satruday night with Todd Wilson & Eponine Chandler in town for a visit and Todd coming in to see his other "Love Irene" and all his Rock Star friends ..such an awesome night topped off with a visit from Scottie McClaine Jr. also in town from Omaha for the weekend as well..the night just kept getting better so much fun seeing everyone together...Thanks to everyone for a great night ..Allston was on Fire and the Silhouette was its Flame..

Kudos to Gene for keeping the line moving and Alex for her hustle on the floor it helped make the night more fun foreveryone., Saturday 12pm .. a great time to join in with your friends and let the fun begin all over again right here at the Silhouette Lounge .. The bar where the good times just never end .. It's what we do ..  It's how we roll .. A good time for everyone is all we want and know..., Friday 12pm..It's official the weekend has started so lets gather here and party hardy and turn this gray day into a fun day the Silhouette way .. with cheap pitchers of beer..free popcorn..and lots of cheer with all your friends right here ..smack in the heart of Rock & Art City Allston...the Sil is Allston at its core and who could ask for anything more ..priced with Allston in mind we are the Best Local bar that you will find..Being a part of it...Yep You Guessed It...PRICELESS, Thursday 12pm this is the spot to be in to kick start this weekend with all your friends at the one place you know everyone will eventually show because this is The Best Dive Bar where the the prices are LOW...we give it our best to try and fit the average Joes budget ... the free popcorn goes all day & night long and our new Juke box lets you play all of your favorite songs..theres lottery...pool...darts and video games as well so come on in and get under our spell.., Wednesday at 4pm .. and a what a great day it is the kind to enjoy some outside play there is not many of these this time of year and when your done you should join us here at the Best Dive Bar with the cheapest beer finish this day in a Happy way with some fun conversation while having popcorn and beers with all your friends near...we have the C's & the B's again tonight lets cheer them on together..Boston is Awesome we can do this you know we can ..., Tuesday at 4pm the 1st day after a long weekend so why not just continue to play..don't stop now if things are going your way come on in the Silhouette and do it up the Allston way with some popcorn and brews and a few games of pool .. there is always something here for you to do ..darts..video games and keno too..and this is the one place your friends will find you..The Sil has the prices that can't be beat and that makes us the number one place for people to meet ..., Monday 4pm..a perfect time for you to come in and have a brew with the Silhouette crew and to those that have this Presidents Day off make certain the Sil is one of your stops ..we have the B's & C's on the screen tonight lets cheer them both on to get back in the fight...our prices are right and set with you in mind which makes the Silhouette The Best Dive Bar that you will ever find..., Saturday at noon is when you can join Alissa at the Silhouette to kick start your weekend and hook up with your friends..the way life should be when its Allston that your in..this is where the good times begin and end chillen at the Sil with free popcorn and cheap pitchers of beer ... knowing you get more for your dollar when your here...Priceless, Friday 12pm..TGIF and in Allston that can only mean that you make the Silhouette part of your scene .. this is the Dive Bar where everyone goes..the bar with the prices that lighten your woes while you hang with your friends and let your weekend begin ..., null, Wednesday at 4 o'clock the Silhouette should be you 1st stop .. this is the place your friends will be in and what could be better than joining them for your favorite drink in the middle of the week at a price that can't be beat...this is what the Sil is all about .. good friends getting together to simply hang out, Monday 4pm.. join us here for the cheapest beer and all the free popcorn that you dare....throw some darts or maybe play some pool and there is also video games and lottery if you choose .. we may be small but we have it all especially when we have you here ..what we really like the most is being able to be your host ..., Happy Birthday Chris .. Much Love .. Aurore, Sunday 12pm...the "weekends end" should be spent with friends and thats all you'll find when its the Silhouette your in .. The Sil is the place you want to be at whether you want to party and play or just sit and chat ... our mix of people make for a great time and our prices are the best you will find....., Saturday 12pm..there calling for snow followed by Bitter Cold but you can only feel warm when Alissa Krebs is on .. join her at 1pm to help cheer on our Bruins and get them back into the swing of things..we can do this we know we can.. and doing this at the Silhouette will always cost you a lot less ..this working mans bar is priced for fun ..when you come through our door you will know for sure that you just Hit a Major Home Run..., Ok Folks Lets Get This Done Together..Vote for the Silhouette Lounge and ask your friends to vote too ..Please and Thank You..The Silhouette is and always will be Your Best Bet, Friday 12pm means it's time to come on in and join your friends here at the Sil the one bar where you can get your fill and still have $$$ bills for other thrills ..we have all you need right here...darts...pool...lottery...free popcorn all night long. and cheap beers..being located in the Middle of Art & Rock City has always been an added plus because these are the people that have helped make us The Best Dive Bar By Far.., Yes, Thursday 12pm start your weekend now .. Thursday is a WOW kind of day when you come into the Silhouette and play..there calling for some decent weather the kind that makes friends want to gather together and the Sil is your perfect ace in the hole .. the bar where everyone matters and prices so low the good times just continue to flow ...So Come On In and Let It Roll, Wednesday at 4pm we will be here to welcome you in ..joining us here at the Sil is the perfect way to add lots of fun to this already awesome hump day .. shoot some pool or play some darts the Silhouette is where the good times start .. we have the Bruins playing at 7:30 lets stay together and let it be known that Boston Teams and there fans give each sport all they can..its what we do and all we know ..Boston puts on one heck of a show ..watching our teams play at the Silhouette is as Boston as anyone can get..with prices that fit your average Joe, We Like You  .. so please click "Like"  for this page too .. share us with all your friends let them know the Sil is the place to go...., Tuesday 4pm...Lets get moving with the Celtics tonight and the Bruins tomorrow .. lets do it again Boston Fans right here at the Silhouette Lounge .. The Best Dive Bar you'll ever find with prices that go back in time and always has You in mind..  We want to welcome our dart teams back tonight and are looking forward to another great season ..there will still be a board open for non league players and we always have house darts available for customers also we would be happy to sponsor new teams for the next season .. just another reason for you and your friends to choose the Silhouette as Your Bar to be in, Monday 4pm..1st things 1st Congratulations to The N.Y. Giants for there Win and also to the Pats for taking us on such a Great Ride all Season... Boston has Great Teams and Fans and that will always be the way we Stand....theres no reason we should not celebrate today just look how far we got to play..and the Silhouette is the perfect Bar for this this kind of celebrating to take place because our customers are the best by far .. A diverse crowd that has lots of fun and the lowest prices under the sun...and just to show how we flo take a look below at our two co-workers taken at 1/2 time at the Sil standing side by side each wearing there teams shirt with pride...., Sunday 12pm ..Super Bowl Sunday At Last..We have it all going on today the Celtics the B's and the Big Hurray at 6pm when the Pats take the field for the Super Bowl Win..Patriots Fever is in the air you can just see and feel the excitment everywhere.. join us here at the Sil the no frill bar where you can really feel and enjoy the thrill of watching the Pats use there skill..the Giants are good we'll give them that but the Pat's are the "Best" and Today we Take The Trophy & Champion Title Back", A hardy Welcome to Trish our Wednesday night waitress, Saturday at 12pm .. Yes the countdown is on for The Pats and the Super Bowl Win but being a Bostonian gives us another Champion Team to cheer on  today when the Bruins take to the ice at 1pm ..This weekend is for Boston and Boston alone we have the ability and its been shown..watching these games at the Silhouette is as Bostonian as anyone can get...This Dive Bar has it all with its get down die hard fans and prices for the working man and woman...so come on and let the games begin the Silhouette will always be your Best Bet, Darcy Spring doing her thing at the Silhouette, Daves nite at the Sil with his beautiful wife & friends, Marianne & James Lynch one of our Favorite Couples, Friday at noon...The Big weekend has arrived and the Silhouette is here to help you survive and keep the Patriots spirit flying High with prices that won't crucify your piece of the Amercian Pie ..if you occupy us for the pregame jitters you will still have plenty of cash to join us again on Super Bowl Sunday and watch the Pats as they pass pass pass and bring the Trophy Home to Mass, Wednesday 4pm..What a beautiful day in the neighborhood..would you..could you..won't you join your neighbor here at the Silhouette Lounge and let us whip you up some tasty flavors for you to sip and savor at prices that are always in your favor..The Best Dive Bar in town located in the Heart of Rock & Art City Officially known as Allston...., Tuesday at 4pm open time ... Lets get together and cheer on our other two teams ..The Bruins & The Celtics will be on the big screens .. Boston teams and there fans stick together we take the highs & the lows and make things better..watching them play while at the Silhouette is as Bostonian as you can get ..we have spirit that no one can defeat and prices that can't be beat ..its a bar where you just never know who you will meet from the Rock Star famous to your average Joe..This is the Local Watering Hole where Everyone wants to go..The Best Dive Bar you will ever know...., Monday 4pm and for a really good cheap Monday night join us at the Sil and do it up right..gather your friends and come on in..our prices are always right and  the popcorn is always free .. located in the heart of Art & Rock city its pretty much a guarantee there will always be a friend there for you to see.., Sunday 12pm..with all the excitement one week away makes it a little hard to concentrate on today..but today is what it is so why not make the most of it and come on in the Silhouette and stay.. theres pool..darts along with video games and the lottery for those who like to play...For our sport fans there is Basketball ..Boston College plays at 1pm and the Celtics at 6pm lets get together and cheer our teams on to a big win .. after all this is Boston that your in, Saturday 12pm with our "Go To Girl Alissa Krebs" she is the girl with the smile that can be seen for miles .. and nothing makes her smile more than seeing you walk through our door.. our prices are right and our free popcorn is an awesome treat..located in the heart of Allston the Silhouette just can't be beat..., Friday 12pm...It's officially the weekend lets start it off together right here at the Sil where you can "get your fill with the lowest priced pitchers of beer to be found in and around our town served with our unlimited baskets of popcorn all night long"...Good friends Good Times is what you find when you walk through our door..we are the "Core of Allston" without a doubt come on in and check us out..this is what a Dive Bar is all about, Thursday at 11 am...and all systems are ready to go join us here and let them flow..free popcorn along with cheap beers and a good time is what you find when you come here..nothing fancy nothing pricey...just the corner bar where everyone wants to be .., Wednesday 4pm .. Give yourself a real treat smack in the middle of this work week come on in and grab a seat and have a few cocktails at a price that can't be beat .. if its a friend your meeting here than order up one of our cheaper pitchers of beer the popcorn as you know is always free ..where else can you wine and dine for under nine ..($8.50 pitchers)...Theres darts and pool and lots to do the only thing missing here is you ...come on in and let the fun begin, Tuesday 4pm ... It may seem like spring weather but we all no its not so lets enjoy it while we have it before it gets lost and later tonight when we know its January again we would love for everyone to join us a the Sil to cheer on the Bruins to another great win...Boston is Hot and we must stick together to stay on Top..watching our teams play while at the Silhouette is as "Bostonian as anyone can get..to become a part of this "Best Dive Bar" all you have to do is walk through our door ater that your a stranger "no-more"..
Darts start up next month so come on in and get a jump start "practice practice practice while the whole back room is open our prices are right and the popcorn is free and house darts for those that need to borrow them...just one more reason for you and your friends to come in..., Monday 4pm..What a Great day to be in Boston..with the Celtics..Bruins and Patriots taking the Big Wins and the Pats on their way to Play the game of the Year..means we are well on our way of bringing these titles right back here .. and for those of you who celebrated our Big wins just a tad to much you can get your cure or party some more when the Silhouette opens its doors at Four .., Lets Hear It For Our Boys .. Boston Has Awesome Teams Times Three .., Sunday 12pm...Its here at last and 3pm can not come fast enough..join us at the Silhouette to cheer on the Patriots to do there stuff and show the world just how tough Boston Teams and there fans really are ...Lets let everyone know that the Pats and the Bruins have what it takes to put Boston in First Place ..watching them play at the Silhouette where everything cost a lot less is always an added plus this is the place where die hard fans stick together .. you just can't get any more Boston than the Silhouette ..., Saturday 12pm ...Great kind of day to get out and play and while your out and about be sure to head our way and stop on in to watch our Big Bad Bruins play .. share the excitement and thrill of cheering them on with your friends at the Sil ..with our 6 big flat tv screens every play can be seen and you won't miss a trick no matter where you sit .. Let Alissa serve you popcorn and beer so you can enjoy the game and Cheer Cheer Cheer, Friday 12pm..Its all about fun when you spend Friday in Allston ..and the number 1 to do on your list should be to visit us here at the Silhouette ..this is Allston at its best .. the kind of dive bar no one can resist with prices that fit everyones budget .. we have a great mix of people and everyones equal .. When your at the Silhouette you get "The Real Deal", Lets vote for our namesake Miles Allston Human his parents met at the Silhouette and that would have been his middle name but Allston sounded much better...Lets give the Boy our votes, Thursday 11am...As most allstonians know Thursday officially starts the weekend so come on in .. there is no excuses need here just sit back and enjoy your beer..Big game for the Bruins tonight we need to stick togehter and cheer them back into a winning streak its really tough being the the team that everyone wants to beat ... join us here to root them on watch the best where your evening will cost you a lot less ..  The Silhouette will always be your Best Bet .., Wednesday 4pm...and as everyone knows to make the most of this fine day its the Silhouette you should come and play ...with 6 BIG flat TV screens..video games.. buck hunter..golden tee..darts..pool and keno too along with a juke box that will let you download what ever you want to listen to ..free popcorn the whole night through.. and most important of all "prices so low it's almost to good to be true" at the Silhouette we really do our Best to make it All About You, Tuesday at 4pm...Lets hear it for the "B's" tonight as they bring there winning streak back to life .. with another win like last night ..watch them here while enjoying our cheap pitchers of beer and the free popcorn thats always here.. the back room is still wide open so you can get some practice before the season officially starts ..practice makes perfect when throwing darts...playing darts at the Silhouette smack in the middle of downtown Allston...Is Always Awesome, Sorry Folks..Just got the New Computer up & running, Saturday 12 pm.. What a great day to be a Bostonian..with the Pats & the Bruins both on Fire being a Bostonian can't get any higher...Lets hear it for our boys and show them our support these are going to be some tough games with a lot of pressure but thats when Boston shows their measure..we can do it we know we can its all part of being a Bostonian..
Join us tonight to cheer them on.. get the Thrill and your Fill with the Best of the Boston Fans at a price that just can't be beat while we watch the Pats bring the Broncos to defeat, Friday 12pm..Well its here Friday at last lets start the blast right here at the Silhouette Lounge still the best priced bar in town and the one where anyone and everyone can be found ..our diverse crowd is the Best by far .. its the reason we are what we are "The Best Dive Bar" the place where everyone can mix and mingle and have a great time for just a little jingle.., Thursday 11 am...Looks like the rain is here for the day so come on in the Sil and play ..theres darts..pool..and video games too..along with wifi for the computer crew..Bruins play at 7pm join us to help cheer them along to another win the pressure is on for all of our teams we and we fans must do our part to help them carry out there Dream Team Dreams...Cheap prices..good times are all that you will find at the Silhouette..how more Boston can you get.., Wednesday at the Silhouette is a great way to spend your Hump day and turn it in to a Fun day..walking through our door is the best cure for anyone looking to have lots of fun..our prices are right ..the popcorn is free .. and its a guarantee that its your friends you will see that have been waiting on you to join the crew.., Tuesday 4pm...when in Allston this is the one stop you must make "The Best Dive Bar by Far any others are simply a Fake..Join us tonight and cheer the Bruins back in the win..if anyone can do it Boston can..when put to the test Boston teams do not rest we simply do what we do and show them "We Are The Best".   Dart season starts next month so come on in and throw those darts ..practice can be just as much fun when its done at The Sil where you know everyone..cheap drinks..free popcorn..the bar where everyone gets along.., Monday 4pm with an anything goes kind of night in mind throw some darts or play some games or just meet up with your friends for some beers and hang..This dive bar is the Best by far with prices that fit everyones budget...Good Friends..Good Times..We Always Have You In Mind, Sunday 12 pm..with the holidays behind us and our teams having some much needed time to recoup this is a perfect day to join your friends for some brews right here at the Silhouette where it always cost you a lot less and watch our opposing teams be put to the test...there is also pool...darts ..golden tee..buckhunter and keno that you could play to add some fun to your day our juke box also lets you choose what ever songs are in your head...at the Silhouette you can have it your way when it comes to tunes..from way back when to the present day, Saturday 12pm with Alissa and the Bruins playing at 1pm .. The Bruins are on top but our support should never stop this is when the playing gets tough and the players and fans have to show there stuff..The Silhouette is made for this .. The Best Dive Bar by far with our get down Allston Beat .. when the going gets rough we just turn up the heat and make our opponents feel the defeat.., Friday at noon....Its Friday at last don't let this day pass with out at least one stop To the Sil ..the all in one stop where you can get your fill while having fun with everyone..play some pool ..throw some darts ..shoot some buck hunter or play golden tee..maybe get lucky with keno what ever you choose to do is up to you ..just be sure to walk through our door..
The Celtics play at 7pm and they need our support they have been making a come back thats for sure and we want to keep that roll going so come on in and cheer for them..., Thursday 11am ... Kudos to our Boston Teams on their awesome wins join us tonight to watch the Bruins do it again ..Boston Fans never let up and that my friend is what makes our teams so tough..watching them at the Sil is an added plus .. this no frills bar has just the right touch..with our everyday people who mix and mingle..give us a try and you too will see why the Silhouette is the Place To Be..., Wednesday 4pm ..Lets make 2012 the Champion Year for our Sports Teams together right here..The Bruins & Celtics play at 7:30 pm lets cheer them both on to another win ..Boston Boston Boston how much better can it get than watching our teams play with your friends at the Silhouette..we are die hard fans for all our teams and look where they are at..The Very Top of the Chart..2 out of 4 is a dam good score..with the Pats and the B's we are well on the way and there should be no doubt that the Celtics and Red Sox will have there day to give Boston the Perfect Four..
Cheering them on at the Sil the bar where you can still get your fill without breaking the till....Is always more fun for everyone, Tuesday open 4pm..Lets get this New Year off to a Great Start..right here at the Silhouette all together..If something works why change it this is your spot to have a good time ..the place with your spending money in mind..it cost a lot less you must confess to have a good time at the Silhouette..
The dart room will be open for all tonight..the season will start next month and now is the time to get your friends together and start a team there are divisions for all levels of players..info is posted in our dart room..come on in and let the games begin..   WE WANT YOU   .., Monday open 4pm with Sarah to meet and greet you at the door...Celtics play at 7:30 pm they may have gotten off to a slow start but we as Boston Fans must do our part..Lets get together as only Bostonians can and cheer them on to win again and again....Boston teams are the Best and watching them play while at the Silhouette where everything cost so much less and the hometown spirit never gets down....Is by far the Best Feeling that can be found...., Happy New Years to all from the Silhouette Lounge..we Enjoyed 2011 and are looking forward to sharing 2012 with all of you....Bring it On 2012 the  Silhouette has the Best Crowd and its one that we plan to keep add ons are always welcome so tell your friends to come on in..The Silhouette just can't be Beat....., Saturday ..December 31, 2011..The Silhouette and its crew are wishing all of you a very Merry and Safe New Year...
We will be open as always with an extra holiday hr closing at 2am..we would like to take this opportunity to let all our patrons know that we will be bringing in the New Year with Hats..Noise makers and a Toast of Champagne but will also be very aware of how much you have had to cheer..Our goal is to ring out the old while ringing in the new and having you with us for the whole year through...and this will very much determine our serving you...Please be responsible...The Silhouette Does Care...Wishing The Best To All, It appears that I forgot to mention how Awesome it was to see all the "Rock Stars" of "Rock and Art City" at the Silhouette this week especially Thursday night 12/29/11 the building rocked just having all of you from different bands meeting and greeting while sharing beers..
"Thanks" for putting Allston on the map and choosing the Sil as your place to cheer, Friday with Sarah..yes she is back from across the pond and ready to move along..vacation time is great but being back is where its at and serving you is what she loves to do ... Celtics play at 7:30pm lets cheer them on to a win ..we simply need to find our aim and keep moving forward with every game...watching them bounce back at the Sil the bar where it cost so little to fill your glass with beer..Priceless, FYI...If anyone is interested in starting a dart team for the up coming season come on in and sign up with us and play for the Silhouette ..games are played on Tuesday nights here and then the following week at the away bar .. there are divisions from beginners to Super A .. which means there is no reason not to play .. it's a fun way to spend the night mixing and mingling while meeting new people...Start the New Year with your own team grab your friends and come on in and let the games begin..., Wednesday open 4pm..Celtics at 8 lets cheer them on to get out of the gate..and the real fun begins at 9pm when the Bruins take the ice and skate to another win..Boston teams don't take anything for grant it and neither should their fans we have been down before and came back to score to put us in the win..watching the games at the Silhouette helps keep the team spirit high without out saying good by to your savings account..Good Friends..Good Times..Great Prices is what we are all about, Tuesday..open 4pm...just a few more days before this year ends...lets do it together and start over again..the old and the new should end and start here at the Silhouette Lounge with all your friends near..We are Sorry to say our Steelers Dart Team is out of the playoffs..but they gave it their best shot and gave us some of the most intense games to watch..The new dart season starts in Feb.   Celtics play at 8pm we need to stick together and put them in the win...If anyone can do Boston can..be here and enjoy cheap beer.. free popcorn and lots of Cheer, Monday open 4pm with Phil..he is the man with a plan that includes all of you..making you tasty drinks the whole night through..if your not sure of what you want just ask him for one of his crazy shots...play some pool or throw some darts and if your feeling lucky play a little keno..whatever you choose to do just be sure to do it here the bar that lets you stretch your dollar with the cheapest prices for beer..., Sunday OPEN 12pm..MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL OUR FRIENDS...The Silhouette is open regular hours 12pm to 1am..
At last after such a long delay the Celtics are back and ready to play..join us here to cheer them on to a winning year..this could be the year that Boston gets down and takes The Triple Crown...lets start this season together right here at the Silhouette .. the Best Dive Bar with prices that are a perfect fit for anyones budget, Saturday open at 12pm with Joe there to run the show ..Irene comes in at 3pm to carry on until the end ...Patriots play at 1pm lets cheer them on together to another win..Our teams are on top and that takes a lot being the Best they are always put to the test and this is why Boston Fans never give  cheering them on a rest..to watch them at the Sil will cost you a lot less... joining your friends for popcorn and drinks at the Silhouette is Simply the Best.., Wishing everyone a very Merry Ho Ho Ho and just so you know the Silhouette is Open Open Open..Saturday open time is 12pm until people stop coming in..if the action slows we may close around 9 or 10pm..if it is steady then we are ready...                                                                       Sunday Regular hrs.. open 12pm  with Irene and then Phil comes in to carry on until 1am ..                                                                                The Silhouette is still your Best Bet so put us on your Christmas List of things to do and places to be its our customers faces that we love to see..We are here because we care, Friday open 12 pm...with the holiday shopping hopefully done join us at the Silhouette and have some fun...It's time for everyone to unwind and the Sil has the cheapest prices that you can find..
The Bruins Play at 7pm be here to cheer them on to another win..Boston is the team everyone wants to beat but if we stick together there will be no "Defeat", Thursday 11 am ...Come on in and let the Christmas spirit begin...we have Sams team plying home tonight they need to come back with a few extra potints but the Steelers have done this before so you know they can do it some more..come on in and root them on to another win...Lets hear it for "The Steelers"   When the going gets tough The Tough gets going, Monday 4pm with Phil there to fill your beer..Bruins play Montreal at 7pm and you know both these teams will hit the ice with all there might ... we suggest you come to the Silhouette where it cost you a lot less to have some beers and "CHEER" The Bruins on to another big win ...every games mean a lot and Boston teams and fans never let their gaurd or spirit drop even when we are at the top...We give all that we have and we have a lot to give...Go "B's", Sunday-Sports=Silhouette..with Sean..Boston college basketball at 1pm..preseason Celtics at 1pm but the real fun starts at 4pm when the Patriots and the Broncos go out on the field..this is when it all gets Real...join us to watch New England seal the deal and clinch the Division Championship...  Brady---TeBow bring it on New Englanders are ready to sing the Championship song..make your Game Plan now to be at the Silhouette and watch this all go down..The Best Dive Bar in town with the Best prices around..How more Boston can you get than watching your home teams play at the Silhouette....., Our Thursday Night Go To Girls..Eliza Jane Seastone & Becky Reddick..If anyone can do it this Tag Team Can..They get the job done with a lot of Fun.., Jason Leach one of our all time favorite regulars at the Sil, Kudos to Sams team the "Steelers" for thier 13 to 10 win Thurday night at the Silhouette..I am sure he is proud of Parker leading his team forward in the play-offs..This was an awesome game to watch very intense both teams gave all they had to give and each shot was down to the wire...we will do our best to keep everyone posted on the next round of games...Way to Go Steelers..., Saturday 12pm..with the Bruins on at 1pm today this is the place to watch them play..enjoying cheap bears while you cheer to keep this winning team moving along and have the "Stanley Cup" stay where it rightfully belongs..you can't go wrong when you watch the games at the "Silhouette" because like the Boston teams our prices are the "Best", Sam Galpin's team plays tonight at the Silhouette ..finals for the B Team..Lets go team bring it on home..Best of Luck to the Best..., Thursday opening at 11am..with our man Phil to welcome you in...with exams out of the way its time for you to come out and play so come on in and celebrate the Silhouette way ..cheap beers and free popcorn are here for you all day long..theres pool.. darts and lottery too and a juke box that lets you download your favorite songs so everyone can sing along...missing out on this is just so wrong The Sil is the one place where everyone belongs ..., Wednesday begins at 4pm Silhouette time..join us and make everything fine..with the Bruins playing again at 7pm we would love to have you join us to cheer them on to another win..Boston teams are Awesome..watching them play at the Silhouette in Allston can only triple the fun..get more bang for your buck while watching the B's do what they do Best..performing their magic with the puck.., Tuesday at 4pm is when we open our door for you to come and having you join us is always a great big plus ..being here at 7pm to cheer on the Bruins to another win is simply a must .. at the Silhouette our motto is "In The Bruins We Trust"
Being the Best brings on a lot of pressure..Being a Bostonian there is nothing we can't endure.., Monday open time is 4pm...Monday can be an awesome day when you do it up the Silhouette way .. even if its just for a short while stopping by here always brings on the smiles .. theres always some one here you know..and to those of you who are new in town it won't take long for you to know that this is the place where you belong..."Welcome Friend Come On In", Sunday at 12pm...that gives you one hour to come in and grab your seat to watch the Pats beat the Redskins with all your Sunday football friends...This year Boston Teams are taking us for such an exciting ride ...watching them at The Best Dive Bar where Boston locals love to share their pride is absolutely the only way to watch them play...., Saturday open time 12pm with Alissa Krebs .. a great way to start your day..kick back and enjoy some college ball and let Alissa do it all when it comes to keeping your drink full and popcorn fresh this is the girl that gives her best ...join us for the Bruins at 7pm to cheer them on and see them get back in the win..Boston fans stick together through Thick & Thin..we have the Teams they all want to beat but when push comes to shove .. Boston Turns Up The Heat, To All of Sam Galpins Friends from Russ & Phebe Galpin.....
Thank you from the bottom of our hearts to all of you who came from Boston and elsewhere for Sam's funeral. Also thanks for all the little tributes to Sam on Facebook,cards,flowers and all the stories and pictures you shared with us after the funeral.  The little stories of Sam were a side of him we did not know.  We always got just the bare bones of all his trips.
It warms our hearts as well as brings comfort to know Sam had such a league of good friends.  This will help during the long days ahead and through the Holidays.

With gratitude,
Sam's Parents   Russ and Phebe Galpin, null, Friday at 12 pm...Lets kick of your weekend and begin it right here where you  pay the cheapest prices of anywhere else in and around this Rock City Town...with our laid back ways and atmosphere you just never know who you will find here...Allston is known nation wide for its Rock Stars & Artists and working class  guy..and this Dive Bar is proud to say that these are the people that make our day...The Silhouette is where its at and Thank You for putting us on the map.., Thursday and you know the drill you can come to the Sil at 11 am..no excuse is needed to swap your day for the night..when your in Allston you do what feels right ... Bruins play at 7pm be here to cheer them on to another winning streak... lets show them all that Boston teams and there Fans never get weak..when it gets right down to it you know we can do it...Go B's, Wednesday 4pm.. make the rain go away and join Sarah today ..rain days at the Silhouette can be an anything goes sort of day you just never know who will show up to play...the folks that come hear usually stay knowing there money can go a long way...Gathering at this Great Dive Bar is always a Special Treat its a Feat that can't be Beat..., Tuesday 4pm Open time..Lets do it again right here at the Sil..lets get together and root the Bruins to another win...Everyone knows that Boston teams & Boston fans really know how to put on a show and right now we are on a great roll..we are doing what we do best and putting everything we have to the test and until they play their very last game of the season there will be no rest..and how more Boston can we get than watching the games at the Silhouette...our prices just can't be beat and our spirit never gets weak.., A Toast to Sam Galpin...., Monday open time 4pm....Wonderful weather to be out and about..but by 7pm this is place you want to be in..shouting for the Bruins to bring on another win..Boston fans are the best even when under stress..when push comes to shove we let other fans know..Don't Mess with the Best..Because the Best don't Mess...Watching these games at the Silhouette....Awesome, Mike Human with his son Miles Allston Human sitting at the Sil where he met his  bride Erin...This is where it all began..and Miles got his middle name, Sunday..Patriots kick off at 1pm..join Sean and friends to cheer them on to another win..Boston teams are smoking hot and the Silhouette is just the kind of spot you want to be in watching our teams get ready to take the Championship Titles again..this neighborhood bar just can't be beat ..with the lowest prices around town..The Silhouette is the place to meet, Sam, null, Another great night all around the Sil is the one place to be found whenever you are Allston bound......, Friday open 12 noon....Friday means party time and hanging 10 with your friends.. and the Silhouette is the place you should be in to have a great time from beginning to end while stretching your dollars for the whole weekend...throw some darts or play some pool just having you here makes the Silhouette "RULE", Thursday with Irene at 11 am.. skipping work or just have the day off then the Silhoutette could be the the perfect spot for you to put this day over the top .. throw some darts or play some pool and if your feeling lucky we have keno too..or if you choose just sit back & relax with your favorite brew..at the Silhouette it's all about you..., Cady Drell steals the show on Tuesday's, Wednesday 4 o'clock..want to beat this hump day in a fun way .. then join Sarah at 4 when she unlocks our door..the Silhouette is the one place where you can rest assure you get more for your pour without going poor..Our prices just can't be beat and the free popcorn is always a great treat.....Bruins play at 7pm lets Cheer them on together for another win....., Tuesday open at 4pm ..a great time to swing by for a quick pick me up and a friendly Hi  .....  We like it when you "Occupy" our space and will do our best to make your fun continue on at a steady pace ..with Irene on the bar..Phil on the door and Alexandra Mnemosyne Valli on the floor your good time can be assured..cheap drinks..free popcorn..pool..darts..video games ..keno .. and 6 big flat tv screens pretty much sets the scene ..being able to have a fun night out and still live within your means..Yup you guessed it   "PRICE..LESS", Monday 4pm Open...Great weather to start your week the only thing that could make this day better would be stopping in the Silhouette for a nice refreshing drink while meeting up with a few of your friends..at the Silhouette the good times  just never end .. we enjoy nothing more than having you join us again and again..., Sunday open 12 pm...with football games playing all day long the Silhouette is the place that you belong with all of your friends cheering them on .. with our 6 big flat screens every play can be seen .. New England and sports as everyone knows will always make the games more interesting and put on quite a show..so when the Pats kick off at 4pm the Silhouette is the only place you want to be in...keeping in mind that we still have the cheapest prices you can find to watch the  games here while being served popcorn & beer ....Awesome, Saturday's with Alissa Krebs the girl with all the smiles to give .. what better way to spend your day than watching college football play while being served by the girl with the biggest smile for miles & miles .. If football does not suit your style there is a lot more for you to do .. pool..darts ..golden tee..buck hunter..a juke box that lets you download your favorite tunes and if your feeling "Lucky" we have Keno too.. Bruins play at 7pm lets cheer them on to another winning streak.."The Stanley Cup should be ours to Keep", Friday open 12pm ..now that the Turkey is out of the way it's time for everyone to come out and play and what better place to meet and greet ..than the Silhouette..the one place where the prices can not be beat .. the Bruins play at 2pm and this is the place you want to be in to cheer them on to their 11th win..with sports all day and a lot of folks off the Silhouette is always the Best Spot..so come on in for a beer & a shot and see for yourself why walking through our doors is like hitting the Jackpot.., Thursday..Thanksgiving open time is 6 pm with Eliza's smile to welcome you in ... and after eating & napping & watching football & parades a stroll our way would add the perfect touch to your holiday ... come on in and join your friends and have a toast to this Thanksgiving day .. at the Silhouette we do our best to make everyday a fun day..., Wishing everyone a Very Happy Thanksgiving, Wednesday..4pm open...for those of you staying in town the Silhouette is the place to be found come on in and cheer on the Bruins as they go for the perfect 10...having a Friday night in the middle of the week and getting to spend it with your friends gives this nite a double win ... The Silhouette is always here and we are open 365 days a year .. Thanksgiving open time is 6 pm with Eliza here to welcome you in ..., Monday Open time 4pm ..and the Silhouette is the place to be in with both of our Champion Teams on tonight and both playing their game just right ..The Patriots and the Bruins will both be shown so you won't miss a pass with a puck or a ball...because when your a Bostonian you must see them all .. being a sports fan in Boston is nothing less the awesome .. watching them at The Sil is even more of a thrill because our pitchers & drinks cost much less to fill along with our free popcorn that's always refilled...., Another great day out there ..enjoy this weather while its here.. and if its Allston that you happen to be in be sure to stop in the Silhouette and see your friends...enjoy a refreshing cocktail and some friendly chat..its a great way to spice up your day, Friday open 12pm...It's Friday at last and you should not let it pass without stopping in the Sil and enjoying a glass full of your favorite brew with all of your friends and the Silhouette crew .. serving you is what we like to do .. our prices can not be beat so give your pockets a treat and make sure it's the Silhouette that you and your friends meet .., Thursday open 11am so if your in the neighborhood come on in and let your weekend begin at the one place where you don't overspend .. with the Bruins on at 7 pm the Silhouette is the place to be in .. watching the game with friends while enjoying popcorn & beers Priceless, Wednesday at 4pm the Silhouette is the place you should be in letting Sarah help you turn this hump day into a Great day the Silhouette way ..with some popcorn a drink and some Happy small talk .. play some pool or darts or just sit back and relax and you will see why the "Silhouette" is the one place you should be at...., The Silhouette Lounge has lost a Very Dear Friend..Sam Galpin..He Forvere in our Hearts & Thoughts...RIP..Sam we miss you already..This is a great loss, A perfect fall Sunday is a great time to stroll around and get reacquainted with your town and in Allston there is always something new to be found and there is also some places that remain the same..The Silhouette is one of those spots..a place where the customers mean a lot..known for our easy atmosphere after one visit you'll understand why there are no strangers here...our prices are also more than extremely fair..check us out..stop in while out for your walk and treat yourself to a beer and a shot  with some of our famous popcorn that is always Free..The Sil is the place where you want to be, Saturday with Alissa is the only way to go...this girl has her game on and is a one woman show...she is our Saturday go to girl and theres nothing she would rather do than to serve you your favorite brew...our prices can not be beat..The Silhouette is the number 1 place to meet...., Friday in Allston is like hitting a home run its the town people come to and have so much fun..people from all over come here to play and when they find the Silhouette they usually stay... with our great mix of people and our prices so little...located smack in the middle of Art & Rock City...Try Allston the Silhouette way....to miss out would be such a pity..., Thursday open for you at 11 am so come on in and spend some time there is always something for you to do..video games..darts & pool or if your feeling lucky we have keno too and our juke box lets you download your favorite tunes..join us and make the most of your afternoon...Elisa joins in at 6 pm to continue the fun until the nite is done.., Wednesday can be so much fun when its the Silhouette you choose to be in..it's no secret in this town that the Sil has the lowest prices around and our free popcorn is abound..so head on out and go in at the Silhouette you will only find friends...........Welcome Friend Come On In, null, null, Monday...open time is 4pm so come on in and bring your friends this is where the fun begins and ends .. If your going to do Monday then do it up right go to the one place where the prices are right ..make the Silhouette your spot for the night.., Its Sunday again...spend it with our Sunday Gem...Sean is the man with the football plans...catching every game that he can...enjoy the games play by play by watching them at the Silhouette today...with Sean during the day & Sarah at night being at the Sil with your friends is pure dynamite, What a Great Friday & Saturday Day & Night...So much fun for everyone...To those of you who had to wait in line we hope we made it worth your time..The Silhouette tries its best to make your time spent here the very Best, We are asking again for all our friends to vote for the Silhouette in the weeklydig.com "DigThis Awards" under Best Dive Bar....we have made it to that list..we now need all your votes and your friends votes to win this title...there is no limit to the amount of times you can vote...Lets do this...Let's geter done..
Thanks to all for your support, Saturday open 12pm...with Allisa to help you begin your day the Silhouette way with her smile : ) .. a beer and a warm cheer..meet and greet with your friends right here where the prices are right along with FREE popcorn all day & night, Vote Vote & Vote again there is no limit tell all your friends Weeklydig.com "DigThis Awards" lets make the Silhouette Win, Friday 12 pm Open...The weekend is here at last and theres just no way you can let it pass without at least three or more trips through the Silhouette door..you just never know who you will find at any given moment in time..The Silhouette has so many good friends that its always a fun place to be in ...Being a part of it..always.. PRICELESS, Open 4pm..Yea at last a nice fall day the kind that makes you want yo grap some friends and head out to play..because this kind of weather is not hear to stay..and when the sun starts to fade head on in to the Sil and finish your day the Silhouette way...with friends to rejoice and the brew of your choice..play some darts or pool what ever you choose the Silhouette is here for you, Thanks to all of you for your votes in the Weeklydig.com and please pass this request on to all your friends the snowball effect will help a great deal...EVERY vote counts we are a small local place with a Great Big Heart...we need your support..Please keep the votes flowing in vor the Silhouette...., Monday..4pm Open..It's official Trick or Treat is finally here and thats a darn good reason to get to the Sil and and treat yourself to your favorite beer and while your at it buy a shot ..The Silhouette is known as the Fun Spot that don't cost a lot....Our price is always is aways right all day and all night ...., Sunday and football with Sean..a great way to begin your day is to watch the games the Silhouette way with..friends..popcorn..beers and cheers..Sarah kicks in at 6pm to continue the night with the same atmosphere..and with our low prices there is no better place to watch the games than right here, Saturday open 12pm with Alissa's winning smile to welcome you in...if you want an afternoon full of fun she is the one to get the job done..always happy cheerful and bright serving you is what she does right.., Hello Friends..Its voting time for the Bars and we need your support..Please go on line to the Weeklydig.com & click on "digthisawards" & vote for the Silhouette we are listed under Pubsports scroll down & check the Silhouette..You can also vote for us under Dive Bar which we have won many times & Neighborhood Bar because thats what we are..Thank You.. Your vote means a lot also please pass this on to all your friends every vote helps....The Silhouette is Your Best Bet.., Great Come Back for the Cardinals and Bostonians sure know about comebacks..Join us for this final game..this has been a great series..right down to the nitty gritty and makes tonights game the one you can't miss..with our 6 big flat screens you can catch every play no matter where you decide to sit and it does not matter which team you cheer..but watching it here Priceless, Friday..Open 12 pm ..The weekend is here and its time for Fun = The Silhouette is the place to come..day or night when you get here you'll know for sure you struck a home run ..with darts & pool & games to play our customers love to stay ..join us and see for your self that the Silhouette is the only way..., Join us tonight for the World Series this could very well be the final game ..also cheer on our own Champion team of the hockey world as they do it again this season...they will be facing off with the Canadiens the team that gave us a run for the Title and what a run it was ... Lets here it for the B's as we start the way to keep the Bowl in Boston......Go Bruins, Thursday open 11 am and thats as good a time as any to come on in .. got the day off or done with exams then the Silhouette is the place to be in .. sit and relax or if you choose play some pool or darts while you enjoy your favorite brew .. the Silhouette is here for you, Wednesday open is 4 o'clock with Sarah there as your "Johnny on the Spot" and there is nothing more she would like to do than make this rainy hump day Fun for you..with the cheapest prices on the block why not trot on over and try one of her tasty shots...with what could be the last game of the World Series at 8pm the Silhouette is the place to be in even though the Sox were not in the run watching the series with friends can still be fun .., Tuesdays Open 4pm the Silhouette is the place to be in theres Hockey & College footbal for sports on the screen and lots of other ways to enjoy your time..Buck Hunter..Golden Tee..Darts & Pool..and if your feeling lucky theres Keno too..or just join your friends for some fun chit chat..The Silhouette is where its at ..., Monday...with Sarah ..with The  World Series on at 8pm let Sarah be your host so you can enjoy the game and get the most for your dollar..so join your friends and head on in and let the games begin...., Sunday..Football..with Sean..when the games begin its the Silhouette you want to be in..with 6 big flat screens every play can be seen and with Sean there to fill your glass you can sit and relax without missing a pass...popcorn..beer and friendly chat the Silhouette is where its at, Fun Fun Fun is what we had tonight...Great Crowd..Great Night...Everything ran just right......Thanks Everyone for all the Fun, Today our thoughts go to George Crowley and Family we will always remember his big smile 8 yrs gone yet we his presence still feels strong..we are certain that for him it will always remain 5 o'clock somewhere..Heres to you George, is asking its friends to Please help bring Monkey Home..he was last in the coat pocket of Jobian Herron probably at the Model Cafe this adorable little  monkey (gender unknown) was introduced to the Silhouette last night and it was love at 1st sight...This rag doll muffin is as cute as a button..Monkey could be having PBR somewhere so if you see him bring him here ..and we will get him back to Jobian, Saturday Open is 12 pm with Alissa Krebs back on duty again so join her and let the fun begin because its all about you from the time you come in...At the Silhouette we aim to please so you can have lots of fun and be at ease...Good Friends...Good Times..Is All that you will find..., The Silhouette Lounge would like to Congratulate our very own Gansett Girl Lauren LoWreck Recchia and Troy Schoeller on their Engagement ..A great couple in everyway this is a match that will certainly last....Wishing the Best to The Best.., Friday open time is 12 pm with Sarah there to welcome you in ..take an afternoon break and enjoy a nice cold brew..rejuvenate your energy so you can come back and celebrate the Silhouette way..Good Times..Good Friends..and prices on the low end that will keep you coming back again and again, 11 am Open time so head on over here.. there will not be a line unless of course you wait till 9 pm ...If you have some time off  then the Sil is the spot to come on in and have a beer & a shot ...with the cheapest prices around we are topknot so you can rest assured you won't spend a lot, Wednesday with Sarah is the way to go today..they say the rain is here to stay but you have Sarah to Brighten your Day .. Open time is 4 pm so come on in and join your friends .. when people get together at the Silhouette they have to much fun to care about the weather..., Tues ..Open 4 pm ..Bruins play at 7 pm so come on in and cheer for them.. Boston has the Best Fans around along with some of the Greatest Teams to be found . . Lets root them on in the Silhouette Fashion with cheap beers free popcorn & our undivided Passion ...., Sorry had some technical difficulties.. Hope you know our hours are always the same .. The only day that they differ is Thanksgiving we open at 6 pm ..The rest of the year we are always here ..True blue to all of you .., Sunday Open 12 pm ... Sunday Sports are great to watch especially with friends ..  just one more  reason the Silhouette is the place to be in .. with 6 big flat screens you won't miss a trick no matter where you decide to sit .. being served popcorn and beer with all your friends near ... makes it even Better than Ever, Awsome night ... Lots of Fun with Everyone ... The Silhouette Is A Perfect Fit, Saturday ..opening at 12 pm .. with Phil filling in for Allisa today ..known for his chat & fun filled ways joining him can make your day .. Irene comes in at 6 pm & Alexandra at 9 to see that you continue on with your Good Time, Friday with Sarah at 12 noon ..with more rain heading our way joining Sarah is a great way to spend your day .. play some games with some popcorn & brews while all this rain passes through ... Start your weekend right  here.. This no frills Bar is well known for its Welcome Friend Atmosphere...Being a part of it ... you guessed it .. Priceless, Thursday .. open time at 11 am.. don't let the rain ruin your day come on in the Silhouette to play .. sit and gloat as you have a toast to staying dry on the outside where it counts the most .. the daytime can be a whole different scene so come on in & join Irene ..and for those of you who seem to care Remember it's 5 o'clock somewhere so why not here....., Wednesday .. Open time is 4 pm with Sarah there to welcome you in .. Hump day can be a fun day when you Do It Up The Silhouette Way .. with free popcorn all day & night .. Buck Hunter..Golden Tee..Great Tunes that you can choose..Pool..6 Big flat screens so your sports can be seen..Keno and darts the Sil is the #1 place to start .. Once your there you will not want to part ., Tuesday  Irene will open at 4pm ..A great time to let the games begin ..so grab some friends & head on in ..with the cheapest prices in Allston .. there is little worry you will over spend ..To those of you who don't know yet..The Silhouette is still your Best Bet......, Sunday = Football with Sean .. when the Jets play the Pats at 4pm the Sillhouette is the place to be in .. with 6 big flat screens every play can be seen .. enjoy a nice cold brew and popcorn too as you cheer on the game with some real football fans..Sarah will join you at 6 pm to make sure you enjoy the rest of your holiday weekend, Great Night...Great Time...Everything went sooooo Fine...., The New..The Present & The Past..Friendships made at The Silhouette are made to Last...., null, TGI Friday .. Open time is 12 pm with Sarah there to welcome you in .. Start your weekend right here with the cheapest prices anywhere ..free popcorn night & day is just one more reason to come here & play ..Irene comes in at 7 pm joined by Phil on the bar..Gene to welcome you at the door & Allisa to waitress on the floor..this crew is here for you and to ensure your fun the whole night through.., Thursday ..Opening time is 11am ..Looking for a place to start your weekend..? Then the Silhouette is the place to begin .. Do you have the day off..? Then make the Sil one of your stops .. or if your just looking for a place to play let the Silhouette make your day ..with Great tunes..Buck Hunter..Golden Tee..Pool..Keno & Darts the Silhouette will steal your heart.., We want to say Thank You to Camila & Nick Devlin...Allison Lang & Brianna Collins Bernard for visiting the Silhouette on their trip back to Boston & wish Scottie McClain Jr. the best on his move to Omaha,Nebraska..you have all taken a piece of Allston with you and will always have a place to come back to..Best of Luck...See you next time & there will be a next time ...Stay in touch ..The Sil, Sunday open 12 pm ..Sean will be there to welcome you in so you can enjoy this day spending time with friends....With the Patriots kick off at 4pm the Sil is the place you want to be in being served popcorn & beer while you sit back & cheer...Sarah joins in at 6 pm to see that the fun continues on right through the night, Yup another Fun Filled Night ...Nice to see you our good friends so happy you came back again..., Friday opening time 12pm a perfect time to drift on in and get a jump start on your weekend ..the daytime is a whole different scene its a little slower pace if you know what I mean .. but you certainly will get the feel of the place and once you do you will know the Silhouette is the place to go..., Today was just an awesome day & night with the new and the old mixing just right..the Bday party for Scottie & Holly was a great delight..Having  Camila Devlin and Lauren LoWreck Recchia come in just made everything right..photos to follow soon, There will be a gathering tonight to wish Holly Pelletier Clark & Scottie McClain Jr. a Happy Birthday and we are so happy to have Allison Lang back with the gang, Thursday  Open time 11am ..  Thunderstorms will be passing through so if your looking for something to do the Silhouette is here for you ..It is what it is and We Cant Stop The Rain .. but we can make it less of a pain ..Because when we get together "Who Really Cares About The Weather", Hale Hale The Gang was All Here..Good Friends..Good Times...The Way Life Should Be..., The Silhouette is really looking forward to a vist from 2 of our Favorite people that moved to Cali.  Allison Lang will land tonight & Brianna Collins..Bernard will land Wed. nite....This will be great time, Tuesday ..Open time is 4pm..this is a great time of day to come on in...meet up with some friends and let the games begin :: later in the night for your delight our Greek Goddess Alex will be your waitress on the floor and Phil will be greeting you at the door...The Silhouette will Always be your Best Bet..., Monday Monday so good for you when its the Silhouette lounge that you can be found ..opening time is 4pm .. your never alone when you walk through our door..there are sports to watch and games to play .. just having you there makes our day, null, New & Old Friends All Come Together at the Silhouette Lounge, null, null, Travis Vautour with his Harem...Such a Charmer, Saturday open time is 12 pm with Phil filling in for Allisa as your host ...so make the most of your day off and make the Silhouette your first stop...Phil is known for his tasty shots which means the Sil should be your Saturday spot..Irene will carry on at 6 to finish your night with just the right fix of laughter & fun for everyone, Oh what a night late September and it went just right..with the new and the old the night just flowed with lots of laughter and lots of fun..Thanks again to everyone..for making the Silhouette number 1, Friday = Fun with or with out the sun ..Opening time is 12pm ..a great time for your weekend to begin so head on in and meet your friends with all this rain coming our way the Silhouette is the place to play, Thursday opening time 11 am ..Thunderstorms are what they say..an what better way to spend your day than being at the Sil to play some games while enjoying your favorite brew or if you choose just sit back and relax and watch these storms pass ..Getting a head start on your weekend..Awesome, Wednesday ..can be a really fun day .. when you choose the Silhouette as your place to play ..there is darts & pool and lots to do ..so gather your friends and head on in .. opening time is 4pm ..The Sil is where the games begin & end, Rainy day Tuesdays can be a fun day when you & your friends come in The Silhouette Lounge  to play .. along with 6 Big screens to watch the sports .. we have pool .. darts & video games ..a  juke box that lets you down load tunes and for those of you who like to gamble you can always play the Mass State Keno
Our doors will be open by 4pm .. Having you come on in .....PRICELESS, Sunday Sports at the Silhouette with Sean is the best place to watch the Patriots play ..  sit back with friends as this new season begins with 6 Big screens every play can be seen ..Sarah joins in at 6pm to make sure your fun continues on.., Awsome Friday & Saturday nite at the Silhouette Lounge..we are happy to have been found by a lot of newcomers in our town.., Thursday Afternoon at the Silhouette, Miles Allston Human pays us a visit..His parents Mike & Erin Human met at the Sil..and this is where his middle name came from, Friday = Friends & Fun thats what you get when you go to the Silhouette .. Sarah opens at 12 pm so you can let your weekend begin and to all our new neighbors please head on in the.  Sil is a great place to find new friends..ID's are a must so please have them on hand ..It's no secret in this town that the Silhouette Lounge is the Best around  ..The cheapest prices .. free popcorn & lots to do with pool ..darts & video games..keno & 6 big screens The Silhouette is your Best Bet, Looking forward to having two Good Friends paying the Sil a visit today... Cheers to Mike & Erin Human & there handsome son Miles ALLSTON Human...Mike & Erin met right here at the Silhouette Lounge ..I had the pleasure of attending the wedding .. they will always be 2 Silhouette regulars .., Thusday..and thunderstorms can only mean you should come into the Sil and see Irene  have a cocktail or a beer or two maybe play some pool ..while you listen to your favorite tunes and there is always darts for our huge dart room .. no matter what time of day the Silhouette is the place to play especially on rainy days..Eliza will be in at 6:30 to help get your weekend started early.., Two of our awesome patrons, News Flash for all our friends .. The cookout that we were trying to plan for Sunday Sept 18th can not be due to circumstances beyond our control..This was not publicly announced because we had not worked out the details but some of you may have heard about it through the grape vine ..Sadly this is not going to happen..well at least not now..word will get out if new plans are made..We want to Thank everyone for making the Sil Nu.1..we will always be here just for you, Wednesday open time is 4pm just in time for you to come on in and see your friends .. with the work week half over and the weekend near its the perfect day to have some cheer ..there is lots to do once your here ..or you can simply relax and have a beer, Tuesday 4pm Open and after last nights Big Win for the Pats lets continue our Cheer when the Red Sox appear on the big screens at 7pm ..so come on in & join your friends with beers & cheers let the games begin ..known for its sports & all their fans Boston is the best in all the land ..watching them at the Sil with friends Priceless, Monday can be an awesome day expecially when the Patriots Play .. Pats vs Miami Dolphons for the 1st Monday Night Game of the Season is just one more reason .. to join your friends at the Sil  for some popcorn & beers while you watch & cheer ..  with 6 big screens you won't miss a trick no matter where you decide to sit, Friends come in and out this is what the Silhouette is all about .. a nice Saturday afternoon with friends, Alissa Krebs our new Saturday Afternoon Girl in Charge.., Sunday at the Sil with Sean from noon to 6pm when Sarah comes in to complete your day in the Silhouette way with .. Good Times .. Good Cheer & Good Friends .. So head on over and walk on in ...grab a chair and order up a beer your good times start right here, Great time at the Sil both day & night ..Alissa had an awesome 1st day and the good time just stayed through out the nite ...Kate & Gene made a great team ..we got the job done and had lots of fun .., Tonight there will be a change up in our crew we will be having Kate Olson as a waitress serving the tables on the floor and Gene will be greeting you at the door..Kate as you know has moved from town but tonight you know where she can be found .. so come on in and visit our good friend she will bring you beer and lots of cheer...., null, Saturday brings you someone new to mix your drinks & pour your brew ..Alissa our Friday nite waitress is now our Saturday afternoon bartender as well .. from noon to seven she will be your host serving you with her ultimate most.., Hannah & Gene .... The Comedy Team..., Friday in Allston = Silhouette Lounge where the elite like to meet smack in the middle of Art & Rock City ..join Sarah from noon till 7pm when Irene comes in joined at nine by Phil on the bar -- Alissa on the floor & Gene on the door -- this crew was designed for you to keep the brews flowing & the party going ..being a part of it as you all know is Priceless, Thursday opening at 11am with Phil as your host ..known for his fun conversations & tasty concoctions being at the Sil today is your only option ..Elisa joins in at 6:30 to help kick start your weekend a little early, Another rainy day means go to the Silhouette and play ..  so grap some friends and head on in ... the doors will be open at 4pm ... stay dry on the outside where it matters the most while you enjoy some brews with Sarah as your host, Rainy day Tuesdays should be spent in with friends so why not come to the Sil at 4pm .. play some games or just sit and chat this is the place you should be at ..enjoy an ice cold beer or a cocktail or two its always our pleasure to see you, Looking for a comfortable place to ease out of this holiday weekend well look no more the Silhouette door opens at 4 ... sit back & relax with an ice cold tap ..being at the Sil on the last official day of summer Priceless, Happy to say that the Silhouette has been found by a lot of new people in our town..this no frills Bar is still the Best by Far ..IDs are a must and we do scan so be sure to have it on hand ... Sundays hours are noon to 1 am so if your out & about just head on in ...., Thanks again to all our friends the new and the old for making the Sil there number one show ..being a part of it Priceless, for those of you who are still in town and looking for a place to hang around the Silhouette is always here ready to serve you some ice cold beer .. lets end the summer full of cheer, null, Welcome to all our new friends we are looking forward to seeing you again .., Friday Sept 2 the beginning of the long weekend and the ending of summer sort of bitter sweet ..for those of you just settling in & those that could not get away the Sil is the place to come and play ..theres darts..and pool and video games too along with an awsome juke box just for you and more than likely a new friend or two ..our Friday nite special is having Robin Guidry "BACK"  filling in the waitress spot ..known for her smile & upbeat ways this little fire cracker will make your day, null, null, Thursday Sept. 1st moving in day for most of Allston that can cause a lot of Chaos and traffic to stand still ..solution .. head on in to the Sil .. have a seat and order up your favorite drink ..sit back and relax let the craziness pass .. It is what it is and theres nothing we can do .. except to make a new friend or two ..
Welcome to Allston Art & Rock City, Wednesday the end of August can only mean MOVING Madness in Allston ..your best Bet is the Silhouette .. get out of the rat race and go at your own pace by joining Sarah at 4 when she unlocks the door .., Happy Birthday to Alissa Krebs our Friday night waitress who is also in training to be our Saturday afternoon Bartender ...getting a back to back dose with Alissa as your Host ....Priceless ....Congrats Alissa, Congratulations to our Summer A Team Oche Balboa for getting into the finals ..you gave it a heck of a run...Thank you Peter..Rob..Stu..Bob..Gregg..Pat and Daren ..an Awsome Tough Loyal & Fun Team, The Sil is bringing back one of its favorite long time employees this Friday night ..Robin Guidry ..the hot little number with the forever smile..we rope her back in whenever we can ...she will always be a part of the Silhouette Clan..Thank you Robin, Opening at 4 and ready for whatever is in store .. Allston will have a lot of new faces that will be out and about finding their places . with the pool table..darts..golden tee..buck hunter..juke box..6 tvs..free popcorn..and dirt cheap prices  the Sil is the one that offers the most fun... have proper I.D.s in you hand as we are very strict with our Scan...If your ID don't go through than serving you we NO can do ..Welcome to AllstonArt & Rock City..missing out on the Sil would be such a pity, Friends & Family stopping by the Sil to see me on a very special night.. Thanks guys for keeping us in your heart & thoughts it means so much...I have to admit you brought a lot of laughs..Kudos to Ed for getting engaged ..so nice to have Alex still in town  and Tommy OB you just never change and to Brian you are still the most handsome & considerate single nephew anyone could have ..There I said it & on FB to boot, Monday...with Hurricane Irene in the dust joining Sarah at 4pm should be a must .. for those of you who had to take the day off for whatever reason having a drink with her can be very pleasing..., and for your delight on this Hurricane night Miss Sarah will be whipping up some tasty drinks in Honor of IRENE..the name alone can only mean some tasty shots that will make you beam ..so head to the Sil to get your fill and try one for my namesake..this will only happen once in my lifetime and getting to share it with all of you is PRICELESS, To all of our new and forever loyal patrons I think you should know that this Irene is still the #1 show this hurricane Irene will just come & go ..  stay safe & dry my friends where ever you are, SSSSS Sunday and yes Folks the Sill is open for you Sean will be your day time host ..Sarah will join you at six and she is more than happy to give you a hurricane fix ..riding out the storm at the Silhouette priceless, Saturday the lull before the storm Head on over to the Sil & join Phil for a cold one..Irene will be joining you around 6:30 so lets get this Hurricane started early..,, We love it when our coworkers bring in Moms thanks for sharing your family Eliza .. we now know where that pretty smile comes from...., Friday calls for some quality time with Sarah visit her from 12 till 7 she can whip up a shot that will make you think your in heaven...Irene kicks in from 7 to 1 joined by Phil at 9 so you can carry on with your good time ..Gene will greet you at the door and Alissa will waitress on the floor ..Spending hurricane weekend with Irene ...priceless, Thirsty Thursday can only mean you must go to the Sil and join Irene opening at 11 am so if you have a day off or just want to hide this is the place you should reside .... Elisa will be on at 6:30 to get your weeklend started early, Thanks for sharing your Birthday with us Lianne...., We would like to welcome the new faces we have met recently and are thrilled that you like our neighborhood bar we have a great mix of people and are happy that you are now a part of it..Our prices are right and there is lots to do so make the Silhouette a part of you..., Wednesday..is hump day but doesn't have to be a frump day simply joining Sarah at 4 pm and sipping one of her tasty shots along with an ice cold beer is guaranteed to bring you cheer, Tuesday ... Opening time is 4 pm meet me there and slide on in ... sit and relax or play one of the games .. Do what ever makes Tuesday good for You .., Monday can be a fun day when you join Sarah at the Sil ... join her at 4 when she unlocks the door .. being the first to get a pour...Priceless, null, SSSSS  Sundays - Sports - Sean - Sarah - Silhouette no better way to spend your day - kick back with Sean from noon to six to get your Sunday Sports fix ... followed by Sarah at six the Silhouette is still your best pick, Saturday = fun & relax time which = Sil time where both of these can be combined .. hand & hand these two are always waiting here just for you, TGIF for most but for the Sil every day is TGIF join Sarah at noon for brews & good tunes the switch is at 7 and we rock on till 1 am with myself..& Phil pouring the cure along with Alissa who serves the floor & Gene to welcome you at the door..whether it be one or two we look forward to serving you .., Thursday..Opening at 11 am with Phil filling in he loves to make up crazy concoctions so for a fun day theres no other option..Eliza will take over the helm at 6:30 so to secure your spot you should get there early.., Wednesday at the Sil means the 1st pour is at 4 and you will be greeted by Sarah when you walk through the door..see the Sil before it fills and get to use all that we have to offer..video game..golden tee..buck hunter..keno..pool & darts..getting your Wednesday off to a Great Start.....Priceless, Tuesday can be as good as it gets when you spend some time at the Silhouette..so join Alex..Phil..and myself as well..the sox will be on and darts will be thrown..pool will be played while the tunes make you sway...just be sure to head our way....Opening the door at 4, Monday opening 4pm .. rainy day Mondays can only mean you should head to The Sil and join Sarah and Gene ..there is plenty to do if you have the rainy day blues..there is darts..buck hunter..golden tee and pool and if you feel some luck is coming your way then maybe it is keno that you should play.., Sunday night why not end your weekend by having a cool brew with the Silhouette crew ..there is Gene on the door and Phil serving the pour ..a little change from the normal pace but the Sil is still your home place, Saturday...Silhouette...smack in the middle of Rock City... is the place where you should be if not for one than two or three with a great mix of people its easy to mingle being a part of it Priceless, null, null, we are so sad to see Rocky (our Allston mascot ) and his side kick Tod Wilson move on to New York but we certainly want to wish them the BEST..your booth will always be open for the 2 of you when you visit and we know you'll be back Allston is in your blood..Love Irene...ps take your Who Poster so you won't forget me...Like I'm gonna let that happen, TGIF...and the Sil would love to have you Kick start your weekend right here where you can enjoy you free popcorn with your nice cold beer and if its a mix drink thats your choice than our 16 ounce is made for rejoice..so join Alissa..Gene..Phil..and myself..in the Heart of Rock City..not being a part of it would be a pity, Thursday 11 am opening so if you have the day off or just want to hide out come on in..crank the juke box get to use all of our games  or just chill ..Eliza on at 6:30 play it safe and get here early .. rock on with her till 1 am, null, If you want to beat the Wednesday middle of the week slump join Sarah..Hannah and Gene for some Silhouette Funk have a cocktail or beer which ever you choose just being there cures the blues, Tuesday peeps we open at 4 p.m so join us sometime between 4 pm and 1 am we would love nothing more to serve you a pour ..., Hey if your in the one and only Rock City tonight stop by the Sil and have a cocktail with Sarah & Gene..The Monday Nite Team, null, Rule #1..when I am trying to serve you must learn how to swerve if your in my space than you are out of place, Awsome...is the word of the night ..Thank you all for making the Sil your #1 place.., Saturday nite in Allston should mean at least one or two brew with the Silhouette crew...along with all the popcorn that you can chew..Alex on the floor..Earl on the door..with a special appearance of Sarah for an hour or two and guess who..? Yup you got it ..joining us priceless, The Silhouette Lounge & all of Allston will be sharing there handsome mascot Rocky & his side kick Todd Wilson with New York..at least we hope to be sharing them..there are rules that say they have to come visit often..Wishing you the BEST Todd..hope all goes well, null, Chill & fill at the Sil on this last Saturday of July ..chill with a cold brew & fill with our never ending popcorn..what happens at the Sil stays at the Sil..so come on in and roll with it..Enjoy what we have to offer..good tunes..pool..darts..buck hunter..golden tee..keno..6 big tvs,,mixing with the crowd priceless, Our very own Mod Squad, null, Thursday nite .. join Eliza the hostess with the mostess along with Becky & Gene..always a good tune with Eliza on duty..., null, null, Friday nite live at the Sil makes for an interesting nite in Allston and we would like nothing better than for you to join us no cover charge..dress..cover the basics..drinks..still the cheapest around & free popcorn being in the best dive bar PRICELESS, Lets get the word out about this site we would like for it to get Bigger than Allston..Lets show the world where its at and how great it can be in the Heart of Rock City..It begins here at the Sil this is Allston as it really is a no frill get down town and the Sil is its core..be a part of it, John A Macy 2009, Beat the heat be Cool and have some cold brew at the Sil, Tues.  4 pm open and the Sil would love to have you stop on in anytime before 1 am..the tag for the night is Alex..Phil..and myself..cheap drinks & free popcorn are just 2 of the many reasons to make an appearance #1 is...its the place to be and you make it happen, null, null, null, Saturday night where else but the Sil come on in and kick back..cheap drinks..endless popcorn..golden tee..buck hunter..pool..darts..keno..6 big t.vs. great tunes..Alex on the floor and Earl on the door..smack in the heart of Allston, null, null, Friday Night and it would be nice if you all could stop by for a least a few drinks & some chit chat and of course our great popcorn while you are out and about love to see your faces, null, null, null, Watch the All Star Game at the All Star Bar with an All Star Crew and our All Star Patrons...5 Big Screen T.V.s and endless baskets of free popcorn to go with our cheap pitchers and awsome cheap mixed drinks..its where you should be experiencing Allston at it's All Star Best .., Phil being Phil while at work and Doug in his booth probably wondering what excited Phil this time, For a Great Time Anytime the Sil is the place to be..cheap drinks..free popcorn..darts..pool..golden tee..buck hunter..5 big screen tv's..keno..great juke box..great mix of people..being a part of it all Priceless, Yes it was another awsome friday nite at the Sil...great flow from start to finish..Thanks to all that made it happen.....)