List(Coming back to my roots. So Cal!! http://bit.ly/1UrB9mO, Just posted a new blog. http://www.tigerwoods.com/news/2016/03/11/167048512/tigers-blog-ryder-cup-dinner-with-jack-brings-group-closer/, Great day with #Rolex. Fantastic watches. Only watch for me #Deepsea., First hole at The Playgrounds at Bluejack National and this happened youtu.be/NxAoz2eE_ZM, Progressing nicely., Big day at Bluejack National, front nine fully open with two more holes ready for member play:  bit.ly/1MWrUBz, Just saw a screening for 13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi . Very powerful and important film. Really well done., We would like to welcome a new member to our family/pack:), Bugs!!!!, My final column of the year, happy holidays to all of you and to a great 2016! http://www.tigerwoods.com/news/2015/12/22/160240834/tiger-reflects-on-up-and-down-2015-and-looks-ahead-to-2016/, Photo previews of Hole Nos. 4 & 5 at my first U.S. design to open for play at Bluejack National.  http://www.bluejacknational.com/photo-previews-of-bluejack-nationals-hole-no-4-and-hole-no-5/, To Pops and all the veterans who have gone down range or are currently down range, we thank you for your selfless dedication and service to this great country., Thanks to Carli Lloyd & Abby Wambach for taking time to meet my daughter and her soccer team yesterday. And beating Brazil 3-1 to top it off!, I won't be able to compete, but I'll still travel to Mexico City Oct. 20-21 to support Bridgestone America’s Golf Cup presented by Value. http://www.tigerwoods.com/news/2015/10/06/153445192/tiger-to-support-bridgestone-americas-golf-cup-in-mexico-city/, Always love coming to @NB3Foundation event. Great people and raising awareness for Native American youth battling type 2 diabetes is such a worthy cause., Had a really fun trash talking round of golf with my friend Chris Paul at Wyndham Championship., A little sneak preview of The Woods Jupiter., Almost here, The Woods Jupiter Opens Aug 10. Can't wait!, Thanks to everyone who helped make the Quicken Loans National so great. The staff, volunteers and fans were amazing. A huge congrats to Troy Merritt on his first PGA TOUR win!, You can pick up a pair of Tiger’s favorite headphones in the TigerWoods.com official store today! http://j.mp/1D90Jjj, The Open Championship is in full swing! The official TigerWoods.com store has all of the polos Tiger will be wearing this weekend.  
 
See more here: http://j.mp/1K4rBJs, null, http://youtu.be/mUq-ttAcQxg, Happy Father's Day to all the Dads out there., Had a great shoot with @MusclePharm today. I look forward to a long partnership @bradpyatt @musclepharmpres, From @TWFoundation board meeting last night - check out the numbers report. Looking good you guys!, With https://www.facebook.com/BluejackNational team, now on way to #TigerJam.  Front 9 sodded, back 9 not far behind.  Course looks great., See you at the US Open, Open Champ, Memorial, Greenbrier and my Foundation’s event, the Quicken Loans National. Going to be a busy summer. 

http://www.tigerwoods.com/news/2015/04/29/121240458/tiger-announces-plans-to-play-in-five-upcoming-tournaments/, Hello Yao, awesome day at Nike campus in Shanghai., Looking forward to going back to THE PLAYERS this year, hoping for a repeat of 2013., My new wireless earphones by SOL REPUBLIC are available now for pre-order: http://j.mp/1D90Jjj, http://youtu.be/CdhWhgA8Y0A, Check out this video preview of my new golf course at Bluejack National, I’m starting the 2015 season this week, and I want to celebrate all of you for being the best fans in golf! You guys keep me going when I need it, and you make my best days even better. Next time you’re playing, cheering, collecting or just enjoying being one of the greatest fans, take a pic and share it on Facebook and tag your pics with #TWFan. We’ll repost the best on my page and tag you! Be creative and let’s see how fun we can get with this., http://golfweek.com/news/2015/feb/24/tiger-woods-bluejack-national-golf-course-design/, I’m starting the 2015 season this week, and I want to celebrate all of you for being the best fans in golf! You guys keep me going when I need it, and you make my best days even better. Next time you’re playing, cheering, collecting or just enjoying being one of the greatest fans, take a pic and share it on Facebook and tag your pics with #TWFan. We’ll repost the best on my page and tag you! Be creative and let’s see how fun we can get with this., I’m starting the 2015 season this week, and I want to celebrate all of you for being the best fans in golf! You guys keep me going when I need it, and you make my best days even better. Next time you’re playing, cheering, collecting or just enjoying being one of the greatest fans, take a pic and share it on Facebook and tag your pics with #TWFan. We’ll repost the best on my page and tag you! Be creative and let’s see how fun we can get with this., I’m starting the 2015 season this week, and I want to celebrate all of you for being the best fans in golf! You guys keep me going when I need it, and you make my best days even better. Next time you’re playing, cheering, collecting or just enjoying being one of the greatest fans, take a pic and share it on Facebook and tag your pics with #TWFan. We’ll repost the best on my page and tag you! Be creative and let’s see how fun we can get with this., I’m starting the 2015 season this week, and I want to celebrate all of you for being the best fans in golf! You guys keep me going when I need it, and you make my best days even better. Next time you’re playing, cheering, collecting or just enjoying being one of the greatest fans, take a pic and share it on Facebook and tag your pics with #TWFan. We’ll repost the best on my page and tag you! Be creative and let’s see how fun we can get with this., I’m starting the 2015 season this week, and I want to celebrate all of you for being the best fans in golf! You guys keep me going when I need it, and you make my best days even better. Next time you’re playing, cheering, collecting or just enjoying being one of the greatest fans, take a pic and share it on Facebook and tag your pics with #TWFan. We’ll repost the best on my page and tag you! Be creative and let’s see how fun we can get with this., Unfortunately it's not the Raiders, but I'll take Seattle 24-17 over the Patriots. #MySuperBowlPick, I’m starting the 2015 season this week, and I want to celebrate all of you for being the best fans in golf! You guys keep me going when I need it, and you make my best days even better. Next time you’re playing, cheering, collecting or just enjoying being one of the greatest fans, take a pic and share it on Facebook and tag your pics with #TWFan. We’ll repost the best on my page and tag you! Be creative and let’s see how fun we can get with this., I’m starting the 2015 season this week, and I want to celebrate all of you for being the best fans in golf! You guys keep me going when I need it, and you make my best days even better. Next time you’re playing, cheering, collecting or just enjoying being one of the greatest fans, take a pic and share it on Facebook and tag your pics with #TWFan. We’ll repost the best on my page and tag you! Be creative and let’s see how fun we can get with this. Who knows, maybe there’ll be a prize or two …, Excited to be a part of Full Swing Golf. Can’t wait to see how this new technology will help my game. http://www.fullswinggolf.com/full-swing-golf-partners-with-tiger-woods
#golfsimulator #PGAShow #golf, http://www.tigerwoods.com/news/2015/01/09/105951892/tiger-to-return-to-waste-management-phoenix-open/, El Cardonal at Diamante Cabo San Lucas – Grand Opening, December 16, 2014. (Photos Continued), Happy Holidays everyone! You can help us break the cycle of poverty by donating at TigerWoodsFoundation.org. There's a special thank you gift for anyone who donates!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8yVYnvLh3Y&list=UUsN0AoztU8krDL7OjpgJU7Q, El Cardonal, Looking forward to designing Trump World Golf Club in Dubai, Busy week! Always interesting with these guys in the media center.  #HeroWorldChallenge 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFPUvcTPKBE, Tiger Woods Foundation scholar Jonathan cried when he graduated from Tufts University. He never thought he'd make it. Our scholars are amazing., History was made last night by my grandpa. Thanks Charlie (Sifford) for inspiring Pop, who then in turn inspired me and others like us. Heroic fight & you won., Last chance to win an autographed pin flag from Tiger's win at the 2000 US Open Championship! Click here for details (ends Nov. 25, 2014): http://j.mp/TigerWoodsSweeps, The Official TigerWoods.com store is offering you a chance to win an autographed pin flag from Tiger's win at the 2000 US Open Championship! Click here for details: http://j.mp/TigerWoodsSweeps, Happy Veterans Day Pop, and to all the men, women and families that sacrifice so much. I’m forever grateful for your service.

 Pictured: Earl D. Woods, United States Army, Resilience, hard work & now excitement.  My golf course design, El Cardonal at Diamante Cabo San Lucas will open December 16th.  Grateful for the amazing effort., I had a great weekend at Stanford for Notah Begay’s HOF induction ceremony. I spent some time with the Stanford Men’s and Women’s golf team and snuck in a Raiders game too. Finished it off with a trip to Pebble Beach for the TW Invitational, which benefits my Foundation., Hanging with one of my favorite people, PK, at Nike Golf HQ today., Excited to be back at Bluejack National and see how great things are progressing along., Tiger Woods announced today the future opening of The Woods Jupiter: Sports and Dining Club, owned by Tiger. The sports and dining club will reside in Harbourside Place, a planned development in Jupiter, Florida. 

While The Woods Jupiter planning is still in the works, its original concept encompasses 5,900 square feet with outdoor seating. The establishment will be in a prime location at Harbourside Place, adjacent to an amphitheater and marina, with its own valet roundabout. 

An opening date has not been set, but is anticipated for the first quarter of 2015.

“I envision a place where people can meet friends, watch sports on TV and enjoy a great meal,” Tiger said. “I wanted to build it locally where I live and where it could help support the community. 

“I’ve been watching Harbourside Place’s development since it broke ground more than two years ago, and know that it is the perfect location for my sports and dining club,” Tiger added. “I look forward to enjoying my restaurant as much as I hope the public will.” 

Harbourside Place is situated on 10 acres of waterfront property in Jupiter, Florida. It is scheduled to open to the public October 15, 2014. A soft open and ribbon cutting ceremony on October 28 will be followed by a series of grand opening events for the public in December., Last chance to win my signed golf bag, just like the one I use on the course! To enter: Like Muscle Pharm's page, share this post and comment #MPTigerBag. The winner will be picked Monday., Follow Muscle Pharm for your chance to win my signed golf bag, just like the one I use on the course! To enter: Like @MusclePharm’s page, share this post and comment #MPTigerBag, My Sincere thanks to @billclinton for coming to the #dbchampionship party. His support means so much to me and all the kids we are trying to help. Photo via @TWFoundation., @TigerWoods: #ALSIcebucketchallenge accepted. Phil Knight and @RafaelNadal you're up. Thanks @McIlroyRory  http://t.co/KJC2g8PXdK, Just posted a statement on Ryder Cup and a golf update. Always grateful for the support. http://www.tigerwoods.com/news/2014/08/13/89419822/tiger-to-take-time-off-to-rest-back/, Enter for a chance to win an autographed Tiger Woods hat! Also included in the grand prize is a brand new TW Performance Graphic Polo.  Click here: http://bit.ly/TigerHatSweepstakes, Ceremonial first shot at the Quicken Loans National with Captain Haag and Captain Myrick from K9s for Warriors. Honored to host them., Great day at the Quicken Loans National with the Wounded Warriors. Inspiring group of soldiers., After a lot of therapy I have recovered well and will be supporting my foundation next week at the Quicken Loans National. I've just started to hit full shots but it's time to take the next step. I will be a bit rusty but I want to play myself back into competitive shape. Excited for the challenge ahead., Excited to join the @MusclePharm team, and I love the new bag., Happy to have Rick Singer on board as the new President & CEO of my Foundation. Excited to see where we go from here. http://bit.ly/SbGJvC, Thrilled with how things are turning out at El Cardonal @DiamanteCabo, Check out what my Foundation has been up to. Very proud.

www.TigerWoodsFoundation.org/change, http://www.tigerwoods.com/news/2014/04/30/73841754/tiger-to-design-new-golf-course-at-bluejack-national/, My Foundation just launched their ultimate Tiger Jam package on Jumbow.com and for only a few dollars the sweepstakes could send you and a friend to Vegas for an unforgettable experience, all while benefitting our college-access programs. The sweepstakes ends May 10 so head over there and enter today: http://bit.ly/1f58bWJ, Thrilled to announce the @QLNational today with Finchem and @billemerson. Big things ahead., Wearing these TW14's today designed on @NikeiD. Have you
designed yours yet?
http://store.nike.com/us/en_us/product/tw-14-id-golf-shoe/?piid=35656&pbid=281622719#?pbid=281622719, I first met Greg McLaughlin back in 1991. The next year, he played a big part in my first-ever exemption to play on the PGA TOUR at the Nissan Open at Riviera. Over the years and about 10,000 sports trivia questions later, our friendship grew as he went on to become the President and CEO of my Foundation. Although he's decided to move on to the PGA TOUR, I'm so thankful for the leadership and good times he's provided over the last 14 years. Thanks to your hard work, Greg, the Foundation has exciting things ahead. All the best to you., Check out my new wristband. It's for sale in Asia to help raise funds for @TWFoundation's planned expansion. Going to honor my Mom by serving Asian youth!, Great day of golf. Hopefully this visit, in some small way, helps grow the game in this amazing place., Thanks to Mr. Munjal for the wonderful hospitality and for making my first visit to India so memorable. I learned a lot about this fantastic country., December 2013 Site Visit., Progress continues at El Cardonal @DiamanteCabo - excited to see grass on the ground., Win autographed Tiger Woods memorabilia for yourself or your favorite golf fan this holiday season! All you have to do is sign up for the Tiger Woods Official Store email list, and you are entered to WIN.  

Enter here: http://bit.ly/1fVEGTd 

- TW Store, Happy #VeteransDay! Today is a day of thanks as we honor those who’ve fought for our freedom and for those that have helped us expand our programming for children from Military Families. #THANKYOU
 
Be sure to tag yourself if you see your name above!

-TWFStaff, "While my military experience reinforced in me the strength that I have, it also demonstrated to me that I have the ability and power to make a difference in people's lives." -Earl Woods
 
Thank you to everyone who donated yesterday but we’re not done yet! Help us continue our programs where donations as little as $1 can make a big difference in the lives of children from military families: http://ow.ly/qymjF, Did you know the Tiger Woods Foundation supports #military families through STEM classes, college scholarships and summer camp? As #VeteransDay approaches, join us by liking this image and directly supporting our military here: http://ow.ly/qymjF.

Every dollar counts, and from Nov. 6-8 it counts twice thanks to Intelligent Decisions, Inc., who is matching every gift. Support our #MilFams! - TWF Staff, This week, Tiger will be hosting The Tiger Woods Invitational, a private golf event held on the Monterey Peninsula that benefits his Foundation. You can join in the fun by participating in the TWF Closest to the Pin Challenge!
 
Today through November 17, you can shoot for the pin on a realistic simulation of the 114-yard, par-3 7th hole from Pebble Beach Golf Links. Three balls will run you $5 and all proceeds benefit the scholars of the Tiger Woods Foundation. Each week the top 10 closest players will move into the finals where they’ll compete for a chance to walk inside the ropes with a PGA TOUR pro at the Northwestern Mutual World Challenge in California this December!
 
For complete rules or to locate a participating center near you, please visit http://ow.ly/pNU7v.

-TWFStaff, Happy Birthday AP, Really proud of Vladimir. He did great!

http://youtu.be/SbJry7A99pc, Stuck in the sand? I can help with that: http://ow.ly/nIxq1, Sharing this win with my son Charlie will be something I'll never forget. Thanks for all the support Akron., Check it out: www.tigerwoodsfoundation.org/change, http://www.tigerwoods.com/news/article/2013071253544808/blog/, We're celebrating Father's Day and the US Open this week. My Swing now includes chipping lessons and is on sale through Sunday. All proceeds help send kids to college. http://ow.ly/jWlwo, Nike's Tobie Hatfield and I work so many hours together to make sure my golf shoe is perfect for me.  That way, it is also perfect for you.  Check out one of our test sessions at Medalist here.  
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IsXXV6oMrA, Hi guys – Did you know my Foundation is on Instagram? Check out behind the scenes, fun stuff and throwback pics like this one. Follow us at @tigerwoodsfoundation., It was great to be back at Diamante Cabo San Lucas last week, excited to see all the progress being made on TWD’s El Cardonal golf course., null, null, Hi guys – Even if you can’t join me in Vegas this weekend for Tiger Jam, you can still bid on our incredible charity auction. All the proceeds help send first-generation students to college. Check it out: http://bidpal.net/tigerjam, "Felt great to win my 2nd #Players title, special thanks to Joey and all the fans."

Tiger on Career Win #78 and his 4th Victory of the 2013 PGA Tour Season., I’m excited to let you all know that Tiger Woods: My Swing has been nominated for a People's Voice The Webby Awards. Let’s help my Foundation win this, vote today: http://ow.ly/jTZE5, Hi everyone - I'm excited to share that we're adding new content to Tiger Woods: My Swing based on the feedback I got from all of you. Starting today, we're adding monthly updates to the app that cover putting, chipping and bunker play. April's update is all about putting. I'll also throw in some bonus videos for fun. Enjoy - Tiger.

Download the app http://ow.ly/jWlwo, null, I'm in @NikeSB's new commercial featuring pro Eric Koston and the #Koston2! http://swoo.sh/GLGFTGB, My TW '13 Limited-Edition Golf Shoes are available now. This version features limited-edition colors inspired by the first Major of the year. You can get your pair at www.nike.com., "It's been incredible to have all the support, all the hard work has paid off to get me to this point. It feels good to have won this event." 

Tiger on Career Win #77 and 8th at the Arnold Palmer Invitational. Tiger has also taken over the #1 Official World Golf Ranking with his victory., This season has been great so far and I'm happy with my wins at Torrey and Doral. Something nice that's happened off the course was meeting Lindsey Vonn. Lindsey and I have been friends for some time, but over the last few months we have become very close and are now dating. We thank you for your support and for respecting our privacy. We want to continue our relationship, privately, as an ordinary couple and continue to compete as athletes., The free demo for my new game from EA SPORTS on Xbox and PS3 is available now: http://youtu.be/kphxfZqEl4Y
Xbox download here: http://marketplace.xbox.com/en-US/Product/Tiger-Woods-PGA-TOUR-14/66acd000-77fe-1000-9115-d802454109a9?cid=majornelson, Went to Cabo Friday to work on our latest project – El Cardonal at Diamante Cabo San Lucas. Things are really starting to take shape., My new tv spot: http://youtu.be/bulLh_-Fal8, null, Whoa dude, is that your real hair @McIlroyRory?  Welcome to #TeamNike.  http://youtu.be/2NCDYjHtEcU, null, Hey guys, I’m going to be working on some updates to the My Swing App this winter and wanted your input. If you have any ideas for future content or updates, feel free to post them below., At the Tiger Woods Foundation, we provide thousands of underserved scholars with the opportunity to attend college. Join us by providing a vital end-of-year, tax-deductible gift and we’ll email you a personalized photo in recognition of your generosity. http://bit.ly/S6f7XT, Edgar’s speech last week at the World Challenge Pro-Am Dinner was so good, I had to share it here. This is what we can do when we call come together to help the next generation. http://bit.ly/YsfXkw, Meet Edgar - http://bit.ly/11baop5, I’m honored to share the cover of EA Tiger Woods 14 with the “King,” Arnold Palmer. The new game will be out next year., Thanks to President Bill Clinton for his comments on our Learning Centers in the latest issue of Golf Digest. It was an honor to have him attend the opening six years ago. 90,000 students and counting since that day!

“I’ve found a lot of golfers who do this not because it’s a mark they check for their accountants but because they want to make a difference. … I was at the opening of Tiger Woods’ school in Southern California, and it’s as good of a program as I’ve ever seen. Tiger’s trying to have a discernible impact on the education of kids who he knew wouldn’t get those opportunities otherwise.” – President Bill Clinton, I had dinner earlier this week with @TWFoundation scholar Grace, who is headed to the moon … literally.  Read her TW Invitational speech here: http://bit.ly/XAdsbJ #NASA, Hey guys, this past Spring many of you participated in my Facebook Challenge to send 10 new students to college. 

Today I'm excited to be able to introduce you to our 10 newest Earl Woods Scholars who are attending college because of your contributions. Thank you for making a huge impact on these kids. Looking forward to seeing what the future holds for them.

Meet them here http://bit.ly/TmHYBm, Get the app that helped Tiger get to the FedExCup!
Tiger Woods: My Swing is on sale for a limited time so download your copy today!

http://bit.ly/Vh0LkM

-TW Staff, null, null, null, null, null, The Open Championship 2012 – Custom Swag from Nike Golf

Love the old school Converse kicks.  The gold links are for my three Open Championship wins in 2000, 2005, & 2006., http://web.tigerwoods.com/news/article/2012071334870178/blog/, Thanks for all your support, great week at the AT&T National. Amazing job by all the staff and crew. Someone told me I got to 100 worldwide wins, pretty cool., null, 2012 AT&T National Champion!, Tuesday activities at the AT&T National in Bethesda, MD., Hey guys - I’m giving away copies of my app – Tiger Woods: My Swing – to every First Tee chapter in the US. I’m also giving 1,000 free iPhone or iPod Touch copies away to all of you! Hurry and get yours today: http://bit.ly/LapX7p, Nike Free Run+2 from Nike iD. This is the sneaker I wear all the time, and it inspired my Nike Golf shoe the TW'13., Three stars is nice, but I'm hoping to acquire a fourth star for next year's jacket., For this major, Nike sent me a hoodie and some kicks to celebrate the U.S. Open., Check out Tobie Hatfield from Nike's Innovation Kitchen and I working on my @nikegolf #TW13shoes. youtu.be/fMeBWCaK4fM, Simply incredible. Ability, attitude and guts. See you at Olympic Casey. 
, Winning No. 73 at Jack's place is extra special. Honored to be associated with the greatest of all time., It’s gotta be the shoes… FREE YOUR SWING. #TW13 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4wGVv-d0d8, I played an 18 hole practice round at Olympic Club today... Join me now for my LIVE Google + Hangout. http://youtu.be/zDnJmL3i2qk
More pics to follow., Reminder: Join me tomorrow, May 29 at 4 pm EST for my first Hangout. You can watch it LIVE on www.tigerwoods.com, plus.google.com, or www.youtube.com., My thanks and respect to all the service men and women and their families who sacrifice for us everyday.  #MemorialDay, Let’s hang Google+ style. Join me next Tuesday, May 29 for my first Hangout. Send me your questions about The Memorial & US Open and I’ll invite some of you to join me LIVE next week.  Use the hashtag #TigerHangout or comment on this post below.  More details to follow…, Great day today at the AT&T National media day., Happy to report that my Challenge raised nearly $100,000 which will go to another class of Earl Woods Scholars! Thanks to everyone for supporting and donating, especially our top 5 (JoAnne, Justin, David, Laura and Allison) for each raising thousands of dollars, you guys rock!
 
One of recent graduates, Vina, wanted to say a few words to everyone that helped make this Challenge such a success:
 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dT7w4FFLdjg, Our second class of Earl Woods Scholars is celebrating graduation and I couldn't be more proud. Today is your LAST day to help send 10 more scholars to college. My Challenge ends tonight at Midnight Pacific time and whoever has raised the most will come to Washington D.C. and hang with me at the AT&T National for a week you'll never forget.

Private putting lesson, ProAm spot, VIP weekly badges, hotel and airfare are yours for the taking.

http://on.fb.me/K1TdOi, Only THREE days remain in my challenge and Justin Collins is still in the lead with $2,625 raised. Think you can do better? If so, join in and send 10 scholars to college. I’m matching every dollar raised and whoever raises the most will be headed to one of the best golf tournaments on the PGA TOUR: the @AT&T National. Come hang out with me as we hit the practice green for a private putting lesson before you play in the Pro-Am! Hotel and airfare are on me.
 
http://on.fb.me/K1TdOi
, We had to get it right for me so I could get it right for you. My new Nike Golf TW13 shoes in stores on June 8th. Free Your Swing!, Thanks to everyone that gave last week, especially Allison Mobley, who raised $1,020! There are only 7 days left to help send 10 more scholars to college. Remember, every dollar counts, twice! 

http://on.fb.me/K1TdOi, My Wells Fargo tee time is at 8:00am ET. Don’t forget to get your personalized photo by donating to the Earl Woods Scholarship program: http://on.fb.me/K1TdOi, To celebrate the Wells Fargo Championship this weekend, everyone that donates to my challenge Thursday - Sunday will receive this personalized, digitally signed photo as a thank you. 

There are only 12 days left to send 10 more first-generation scholars to college, so please give today. Remember, every dollar counts twice! http://on.fb.me/K1TdOi, While in Vegas for Tiger Jam, I called Justin, our highest fundraiser during our 24-hour challenge and for week 4. Congrats Justin, I enjoyed talking with you. Hopefully those grip and putting tips are working out.

Enter the Challenge today - https://www.facebook.com/Tiger?sk=app_349479785104398, Here's what you wanted to know. Thanks everyone for submitting your questions., Aftermath., Missed it by about a foot the first time. Different story on the second., Huge thanks goes out to everyone that donated over the past 24 hours. Looks like it got kind of heated near the end there, which was great to see! Another huge thanks to Justin Collins who raised $2,625. Get ready Justin, because I will be calling you tomorrow to talk golf!, Let’s talk shop! Whoever raises the most money through Tiger's Challenge over the next 24 hours will receive a personal phone call from me, and we can chat about what I know best -- golf tips, practice methods or what it's like to prepare for a major. The fundraising period begins today at noon and ends tomorrow at noon PT. I’ll be calling the person who raises the most on Friday. Details below. Will I be calling you? Good luck!

DETAILS
Incentive Period: Wednesday, April 25, at noon PT through Thursday, April 26, at noon PT. Only donations made during this period and through the FundRazr app will count toward this incentive. All Tiger's Challenge participants are eligible for this incentive, including those who have previously received other incentives. Tiger will call anywhere in the world, and the call will be in English. Translators are the responsibility of the recipient., Congrats and thank you goes out to Joseph Commisso for being our highest fundraiser for Week 3!

Remember, whoever raises the most money (counted today through 11:59:59pm Sunday) will take home an autographed TWF pinflag. So get those donations in! Every dollar helps secure another deserving scholar's college dream., “No matter how many stories I told of nights spent studying basic math with my grandmother, they didn’t seem to believe me. I suspect they thought my background — a black boy raised by his grandmother in Anacostia because my parents couldn’t take care of me — wouldn’t result in success. Failure was more believable than achievement.” – Darryl Robinson, Earl Woods Scholar & Georgetown Freshman 

Meet Darryl. He’s one of our Earl Woods Scholars currently attending Georgetown. He wrote this essay for an English class and his professor was so impressed, he got Darryl’s approval to give it to the Washington Post. They published it on April 13. It’s about his educational experiences and how hard he is working to excel at Georgetown. We are so proud of Darryl for his hard work and courage because we know many first-generation scholars share a similar experience. Please take the time to read, share or participate in our Facebook Challenge. Remember – every dollar counts twice!

http://web.tigerwoodsfoundation.org/news/article/2012042029206872/scholarships/, Just gave $6,100 to match all your donations. Did I mention our scholars receive 41% more funding than the average scholarship recipient plus mentors, internships and workshops? We are so grateful for every dollar, so let’s keep this going!, JoAnne Cortez kept the money rolling in and is our highest fundraiser for a second week in a row! Looks like JoAnne has her eye on the putting lesson in July, do you think she'll take it?, Really excited to see that we're so close to $30,000 in just a week's time. HUGE thank you goes out to JoAnne Cortez for being our biggest fundraiser this week. She and her friends raised $727. Thanks so much JoAnne for making a real difference! Five weeks to go!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Do some good today and help send 10 deserving kids to college. I’m matching every dollar we raise and inviting the most active fundraiser to hang with me in Washington DC at the AT&T National 

http://www.facebook.com/Tiger/app_349479785104398, There is nothing better than hearing the patrons support us players all week., The Masters is so rich with history and tradition.  The Champions dinner is one of my favorite things every year., I hope Nike Golf can add a 2012 on there for my jacket next year:), This shoe style is a Nike Golf classic!  Perfect for the week of The Masters., Augusta National is one of my favorite courses to visit every year.  I love getting the commemorative gear!, This will be the 18th time I have competed in the Masters.  First time was in '95!, Love the personal touch!, null, I won't be late for any tee times! http://youtu.be/3IimcIc4_Lo, null, Jose Valdez (far right) beat me by about a foot., Closest to the pin without a club at the TWLC., I've received a ton of feedback about the new legacy feature in Tiger Woods PGA TOUR 13 and wanted to share some of the real photos that inspired the game., "Tiger Woods will make his 2012 PGA Tour debut at the AT&T Pebble Beach National Pro-Am, Feb. 9-12, he announced Monday. It will mark his first appearance since 2002. ", Check out what our Earl Woods Scholars were up to this week. http://bit.ly/siRDB4, Forensics class all the way: http://bit.ly/tZVvAL, Best part of the tournament for me: http://bit.ly/vKH6Oh, 2011 Chevron World Challenge Champion., After getting about 5,000 questions here are my answers., "Double Eagle Holdings, Ltd., the parent company of Fuse Science, Inc., announced recently a partnership with golf superstar Tiger Woods that will feature FUSE Science as the only sponsor on his bag.", 2012 TW Foundation board meeting today. Take a close look at these guys - they volunteer a lot of their time to help us. I'm proud to have spent my afternoon meeting with them planning out the next 18-24 months., Going to answer some questions after my Chevron World Challenge press conference on Wednesday. Start sending, and I'll answer my favorites on video., Hey guys – be sure to like the Chevron World Challenge page., Excited to welcome fellow Medalist member Rickie Fowler to the Chevron World Challenge field and wishing Snedeker all the best in his recovery from surgery., This is a photo of me and Jose Valdez from 2005 while touring the Tiger Woods Learning Center during construction. He's been through a lot and has worked hard to change his life. Yesterday the Golf Channel interviewed him about how the TWLC helped him change everything. Look for it the Sunday of the Chevron World Challenge., Join me Tuesday, Oct. 11, at the Hollywood & Highland Center in Los Angeles, CA. from 12-2pm PT. Several lucky fans will win the chance to putt with me on a custom made green. The winner of the putting challenge will get passes to walk inside the ropes with me for the first round of the Chevron World Challenge in December.
 
The Chevron World Challenge Prize Team will also be on hand giving away tickets and other prizes to fans in attendance. Read more: http://web.tigerwoodsfoundation.org/news/article/2011100325474078/chevron/, In keeping with its passion for excellence and its long-standing commitment to the world of golf, Rolex is proud to announce its partnership with American golfer Tiger Woods., Getting a litte practice in with my app - http://golfshot.com/swings/276-85747-86038, You asked. We delivered. My Swing for iPad. And iPhone on sale. Check it out. http://bit.ly/qz9M0P, Hello from Florida, where I'm just kind of relaxing and winding down. It's about to get busier with school getting ready to start for the kids soon., I’m going to be hanging out with the EA Sports crew later this month. Click below for a chance to join me., Check out my new TW Nike Free - inspired prototype golf shoe., Let's just say my meeting with Chinese Olympian Liu Xiang was a little competitive…, I will be playing in the Bridgestone Invitational at Firestone Country Club next weekend. Thanks for all your support!, After signing the AT&T National We Salute Our Heroes tribute wall., Tiger during his Tuesday press conference from the AT&T National., Hanging with Earl Woods Scholar Jenny Nguyen outside the media center., Check out this contest from the AT&T National. They’re giving away a new Nike golf bag that I signed along with a ton of tickets to the tournament. Contest starts today and ends June 27 - http://on.fb.me/myfsml, Tiger and Joe Brooks., Packed house before the conference., The press conference was carried live on ESPN, Golf Channel and Comcast., Tiger shaking hands with CSN Reporter Chick Hernandez, Tiger Woods Foundation President Greg McLaughlin introduces Aronimink Golf Club President Joe Brooks., Aggravating my injury is very disappointing. I'll do whatever is necessary to play in the U.S. Open, and I'm hopeful I can be there to compete., I was deeply saddened to learn about the passing of Seve Ballesteros. I always enjoyed spending time with him at the Champions dinner each year at the Masters. Seve was one of the most talented and exciting golfers to ever play the game. His creativity and inventiveness on the golf course may never be surpassed. His death came much too soon., Another great article about the My Swing app: http://www.nytimes.com/2011/05/05/technology/personaltech/05smart.html, John Mayer joined Keith Urban on stage for a few songs., Keith Urban getting the crowd involved., John Mayer rocked the house., Keith Urban, Tiger Woods and John Mayer before the show., Earl Woods Scholar Tamika Mitchell and Tiger Woods., I talked with G4's X-Play a few weeks ago about the My Swing app. If you missed it you can watch it here: http://bit.ly/emWt7h, Playing ping-pong with Olympian hurdler Liu Xiang. He's got a crazy backhand grip -- it's impossible to figure out where the ball's going!, null, null, null, null, In Shenzhen, China, for a clinic with some talented kids., She drained a 30-foot putt!, Being with these junior golfers brought me back to my junior days and playing golf with my dad., Some great young talent here in Shenzhen. Wouldn’t be surprised to see a few of these faces representing China in the Summer Olympics, 2016., Impressed by the ball-striking of these young golf athletes., The future’s bright for Chinese golf…lot of energy.  It was fun to be a part of., We created a contest to help celebrate the Masters along with the launch of my new app. Check it out: 

The Tiger Woods Foundation and Shotzoom have partnered to give a few lucky winners one-of-kind signed Tiger memorabilia, including a signed 1997 Masters Flag! Follow this link http://bit.ly/hrpjyd to enter the contest. Be sure to Forward to a Friend for more chances to win!
, Commemorative Nike Sport Jacket specifically designed for Tiger Woods at the 2011 Masters Tournament., Commemorative Nike Sport Jacket specifically designed for Tiger Woods at the 2011 Masters Tournament., Commemorative Nike Air Max Trainer 1.2 specifically designed for Tiger Woods at the 2011 Masters Tournament., Commemorative Nike Air Max Trainer 1.2 specifically designed for Tiger Woods at the 2011 Masters Tournament., Commemorative Nike Air Max Trainer 1.2 specifically designed for Tiger Woods at the 2011 Masters Tournament., Commemorative Nike Air Max Trainer 1.2 specifically designed for Tiger Woods at the 2011 Masters Tournament., Commemorative Nike Shoe Bag specifically designed for Tiger Woods at the 2011 Masters Tournament., null, I played Augusta with Arjun Atwal this week, and there was the most grass I've ever seen on the course., Hey guys, thought you might want to check out this pretty cool course tour of Augusta for the new TW 12 game., After a lot of work, I’m happy to announce my new iPhone app Tiger Woods: My Swing. It’s a swing analysis app based on the methods I use at home and on the road, and it includes instruction and tips from me. Profits from the app benefit my Foundation. Enjoy!, Looking forward to the Arnold Palmer Invitational and Masters Tournament this spring!, Pretty soon, I'll be moving into my new home in Jupiter, Fla. I'm excited about that and even more excited about my new practice facility. It's phenomenal., null, null, null, Signing some autographs., Warming up on the range., Practicing putting, trying to get the speed of the greens., Playing a round with Justin Rose., Arizona Cardinals quarterback Derek Anderson hitting a few shots during the clinic., Throwing golf balls while Derek threw footballs at the pin flag on the range. Friendly competition!, Media interview Tuesday with UK Golf Monthly., Clinic with some young golfers after first round completed. That's Mark O'Meara., I'll be answering your questions live early tomorrow morning back in the States -- Tuesday, Feb. 8 -- from 6-6:30 ET. Head to Nike Golf then to ask your questions!, Keith Urban and John Mayer will be joining me at Tiger Jam 2011 in Las Vegas on April 30th. Tigerjam.com, Tiger works out in the morning before his meetings at Nike Headquarters' Bo Jackson Gym., Tiger visits the Tiger Woods building on campus and checks out some of his old memorabilia., Tiger does a Q&A for the Nike Golf employees., Check out this video that Max Hagar put together after his time on the TWF National Junior Golf Team. Thanks Max!, Wishing the Tiger Woods Foundation president a Happy Birthday at the Chevron World Challenge., It's nice to be home for the holidays after two weeks on the road. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to get a W, but I played well in stretches and feel encouraged about my game., I have finally decided to try out twitter, so here is a link to my first tweet: http://twitter.com/tigerwoods, Check out my scripting for this week's HSBC Champions, on display at Niketown in Shanghai., Well, it's great to be back. Looking forward to getting out there and playing. I haven't played in the last couple of years, unfortunately, but looking forward to this year with this year's field., null, I'll be answering some of your equipment and golf questions live tomorrow -- Wednesday, Sept. 15 -- from 2-2:30 ET. Head to Nike Golf then to ask your questions!, null, null, null, null, null, null, null, Backstage at Rock Fore Charity where we raised $570,000 for our two charities., Right up front for a private Jon Bon Jovi concert which benefits both our charities., Foundation Board Meeting tonight. So proud of the work we do., null, null, null, null, null, null, Check out Tiger taking a tour of Aronimink last week., I just arrived at Aronimink for AT&T National Media Day., null, http://web.tigerwoods.com/news/article/201004219464514/news/, null, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NTRvlrP2NU, I recently shot a PSA for my Foundation. Check out the shoot., It's a good question: "How far can I drive the ball with no wind on a flat, open fairway?" I can hit the ball a long way if I have to, but I made the decision not to hit it 100 percent..., Chris from Connecticut asked me who I'm rooting for in the MLB playoffs. Well, I'm from SoCal, so I'm a Dodgers fan, but now that they're out of it, I'm pulling for my friend Derek Jeter and the Yankees..., I hosted a golf clinic last weekend for my TWLC Block Party, take a look., Tiger and Don Cheadle at the 2009 Block Party Golf Clinic., Sheryl Crow signing a guitar for a lucky 2009 Block Party auction winner., Tiger and Sheryl Crow backstage before the show at the 2009 Block Party in Anaheim, CA., Chef Tim Love let Tiger try on his ten gallon hat at the 2009 Block Party in Anaheim, CA., Tiger thanks everyone for coming to the 2009 Block Party in Anaheim, CA., Sheryl Crow put on an amazing performance at the 2009 Block Party in Anaheim, CA., TWLC Student Dimple gave a touching speech at the 2009 Block Party in Anaheim, CA., In my latest blog, I share my thoughts about the 2009 season and look forward to this week's Presidents Cup in San Francisco. http://web.tigerwoods.com/news/article/200910057334802/news/, Did you know that Sheryl Crow is performing at my Block Party this year? Find out more in my latest Q&A with fans and submit your question for next week's!, In this week’s Dear Tiger Q&A, I talk about the Oakland Raiders, what my goals were at the start of my career and athletes deciding to leave college early. Take a look!, I talk about my golf clubs, how I'm spending Labor Day and Roger Federer's newborn twins in my latest Q&A with fans. Check it out!, Hi everyone, be sure to check out my latest Q&A with fans!, Hi everyone, check out the link to my latest blog post as I gear up for the upcoming playoffs. - Tiger, Sizing up the green with Anthony Kim on Day 4 of the AT&T National., With singer Jessica Simpson and Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo at opening ceremonies for the AT&T National., Winning the AT&T National by one stroke (-13) over Hunter Mahan., Day 3 of the AT&T National., With Redskins quarterback Jason Campbell (left) and Antwaan Randle El (right) at opening ceremonies for the AT&T National., Autographs for the fans at Day 1 of the AT&T National., Victory at the AT&T National after a birdie at 16 and pars at 17 and 18., Day 2 of the AT&T National., Stuffing USO care packages with Tony Romo at the AT&T National., Tiger and Deuce, the rehabilitation dog at Walter Reed Army Medical Center. Tiger visited Walter Reed and met with soldiers and their families while in town for his 2009 AT&T National, which pays tribute to the Armed Forces. He also visited with Deuce, who is an ambassador in the Service and Therapy Dog Program at Walter Reed. Deuce works alongside Raleigh and George (not pictured)., Tiger and Deuce, the rehabilitation dog at Walter Reed Army Medical Center. Tiger visited Walter Reed and met with soldiers and their families while in town for his 2009 AT&T National, which pays tribute to the Armed Forces. He also visited with Deuce, who is an ambassador in the Service and Therapy Dog Program at Walter Reed. Deuce works alongside Raleigh and George (not pictured)., Tiger gets an engineering lesson from Phoung, Ramses and Moayad., Tiger presenting Vijay Singh with the 2008 Chevron World Challenge trophy., Chatting with the media at the Chevron World Challenge in Thousand Oaks, CA., Tiger and Sean "P. Diddy" Combs backstage at Tiger Jam 12 in Las Vegas., Seal, Heidi Klum, Elin Woods and Tiger backstage at the 2008 Block Party in Anaheim, CA., Tiger learning about robotics., Tiger and the kids hanging at the Tiger Woods Learning Center., Tiger and Gwen Stefani celebrate Tiger Jam 12 at the House of Blues in Las Vegas., Mario, Cindy & Brooke build a bridge with Tiger., Sam and Charlie, Tiger and Charlie, Charlie Axel, Tiger, Elin and Sam, Tiger and Sam, Tiger, Elin, Sam, Taz and Yogi, Sam Alexis, The Woods Family, null)