List(Happy Easter from the Blue Frog Bakery! We've got loads of Easter goodies and fresh hot coffee., 12 Years ago today a little bakery in JP opened its doors. Now, 12 years later, we have bloomed into a little bakery in JP.
THANK YOU to all of the people who have walked through our doors in the last 144 months. We look forward to seeing you again soon!, Pizza Party Fridays at La Rana Rossa is CANCELLED, due to weather. So sorry for the inconvenience!, Don't forget - Pizza Party Fridays have moved to La Rana Rossa! We're less than half a mile away AND we have seating!, Did you hear?, DON'T FORGET! Pizza Party Fridays are now at La Rana Rossa!, Yes, we are open!! Take a break from the snow and come in for some hot coffee and fresh baked muffins!, null, Just a reminder that our Pizza Party has moved to our new location - La Rana Rossa, 154 Green St!, What do you think? Could this fridays Pizza Party be the biggest ever?? We have seating!! come on by and enjoy a pizza in our dining room!!, Pizza Party will be at La Rana Rossa tonight!, Pizza party Friday night!!!!, Just a reminder that our Pizza Party will be at La Rana Rossa tonight! Check out La Rana Rossa's Facebook page for the menu!
https://www.facebook.com/laranarossapizza/, Don't forget - Pizza Party Fridays moves to our new location La Rana Rossa, right down the street! Times and menu will remain the same, only now we have space for sitting!, Pizza Party Fridays moves this Friday to our new location, LA RANA ROSSA! Menu will remain the same, and we have space to sit!, SUPER SECRET NEW YEAR'S CUPCAKE! On New Year's Eve from 1pm to close, we'll offer a one-time special cupcake. Limit 1 per person, Fifty Dollars. This cupcake will only be available on New Year's Eve., Pizza Night! Here is our menu for tonight:
1. Fresh Mozzarella and Tomato and Basil
2. Four Cheese
3. Roasted Mushrooms, Red Onion, and Arugula
5. Sweet Italian Sausage and Ricotta
6. Pizza Puttanesca - Spicy tomato sauce, truffle oil cured olives, onion, garlic, capers, and anchovies.
7.  3 Fine meats - capocollo, Genoa Salame, and Sopressata., Tonight is Pizza Night! Here is tonight's menu:
1. Fresh Mozzarella and Tomato and Basil.
2. Four Cheese.
3. Roasted Mushrooms, Red Onion, and Arugula.
4. SORRY - NOT AVAILABLE TONIGHT.
5. Sweet Italian Sausage and Ricotta.
6. Pizza Puttanesca - Spicy tomato sauce, Truffle oil cured olives, onion, garlic, capers, and anchovies.
7. 3 Fine Meats - Capocollo, Genoa Salame, and Sopressata. 
8. THE SPECIAL - Shrimp pesto with cherry tomatoes, Coming this Friday! Another PIzza Party!, Call now to place your pizza orders for pick-up after 5pm! Specials are: Three Meat Special - capicola, soppressata, and finocchiona - and Shrimp Pesto Pizza!, Pizza Party Friday returns tonight, 5-8pm! We'll have our regular menu, and a Shrimp Pesto Pizza special! Get your pizzas now, so you can say you tried it BEFORE La Rana Rossa!, Pizza Party Friday returns! Our menu is below. We also have our Three Meat Special - Capicola, Soppressata, and Finocchiona - AND Shrimp Pesto Pizza!, Pizza Party Friday returns tonight, 5-8pm! We'll have our regular menu, and a Shrimp Pesto Pizza special! Get your pizzas now, so you can say you tried it BEFORE La Rana Rossa!, There will be NO PIZZA PARTY tonight. Please excuse us while we recover from Thanksgiving., BLACK FRIDAY AT THE BLUE FROG!!
We will NOT open at 5 am for door buster sales
We will NOT have Huge markdowns on our products
We will NOT have any mad rushes for our hourly deals
We WILL be enjoying a day off.
SEE YOU SATURDAY!!!!, Yes, we're open! The Blue Frog Bakery will be open today until 1pm. And YES, WE HAVE PIES! Be sure to stop by before they run out! Have a safe and wonderful Thanksgiving!, There will be no Pizza Party this Friday. Please excuse us while we recover from Thanksgiving., We're open and we have weekend specials available TODAY! Danishes, bagels, pecan sticky buns and more!, Pre-order your pies for Thanksgiving! It's the last day to order!!, There will be no Pizza Party this Friday. Please excuse us while we recover from Thanksgiving., Today is the last day to order your Thanksgiving pies (for pick-up on Wed and Thurs). Yes, we're open on Thanksgiving!, Have you ordered your Thanksgiving pies?, null, The Special tonight - 3 Fine Meats: Capicola, Genoa Salame, and Sopressata., It's Pizza Night!!! Now featuring Pizza Putanesca as a regular menu item - it's been very popular. Call to find out about our specials!, CONGRATULATIONS to Emma Brudner! She was our 500th Like! Thank you to Emma and everyone else who "liked" us for all of your support, not to mention for making us feel popular on this whole world wide webby supersocialhighwaynetmedia thingie. 
Please be sure to stay tuned for great updates from the Blue Frog Bakery as exciting things are yet to come!, ok. so we are new to this whole interwebs/social media thing. So it seems like the convention is to offer something free to the person who becomes your 500th like. 
So. Become the 500th like of the blue frog bakery, and get a free Pizza of your choice., Pizza party Friday night!
THE SPECIAL 3 Fine meats.
Capocollo, Genoa Salame, and Sopressata. 
Come in and try our newest menu item, the Pizza Putanesca!!, Come and eat!!!, Don't forget - Pizza Party Fridays! It's the best pizza in JP!, Get your pie orders in today!!, Looking good blue frog!!, It's time to place your orders for your pies! Order now for pick-up on Nov 25 or 26!, null, Hey, Listen. About last week. Sorry!! minor medical emergency. But we are back this week and ready to go!!
Our special this week is the Pizza Puttanesca!!, Pizza party this Friday night!! do we have a scary pizza?
No, No we don't But we do have 
PIZZA PUTANESCA!!
Garlic, Capers, Onion, Olives, and Anchovies with a spicy tomato sauce!!

https://www.facebook.com/100867203291726/photos/pcb.1024192430959194/1024192134292557/?type=3, Pizza party!!!, No Morcilla tonight, but we do have our SPECIAL! - White pizza with shrimp, garlic, and cherry tomatoes!, Pizzas tonight are:
$11 Pizza
1. Fresh Mozzarella and Tomato and Basil
2. Four Cheese

$12 Pizza
3. Roasted Mushrooms and Red Onion (sorry, no arugula tonight)
4. Finochietta (Fennel Salami) and Fresh
    Mozzarella

$14 Pizza
5. Sweet Italian Sausage and Ricotta

The SPECIAL 
 Spicy!! Chicken bacon ranch. Prairie Fire chili marinated roasted chicken breast, bacon, tomatoes, and ranch dressing, Makin pizza. Selling pizza. Starts at 5!, PIZZA PARTY FRIDAY NIGHT!!!, Tonight's Special - Spicy!! Chicken bacon ranch. Prairie Fire chili marinated roasted chicken breast, bacon, tomatoes, and ranch dressing, We are at Fenway park this Friday night. 
There will be NO pizza party on Friday September 25
We will be back October 2!!!!, PIZZA PARTY FRIDAY NIGHT!!!!!!!, When the moon hits your eye like a big pizza pie, that's Blue Frog pizza! Here's our menu for tomorrow night - be sure to ask about our specials!, null, Guess Who's back, back again!!! Guess Who's back, tell a friend
., If we can't sell back bacon sandwiches to blue jays fans today a Fenway, we might as well just hang it up!!, Blue Frog Bakery and the Phillies!! Both at Fenway tonight. Stop by our stand in Yawkey way!!, We are Back!! boy are we!
Starting today The Blue Frog Bakery will be on Yawkey way!
Our food stall Opens tonight at 5:30 and will be open for every home game in September. Yes that's right, Yawkey way!!
Come on by for an amazing cookie or brownie. OR if you dare a real, no holds barred CANADIAN BACON SANDWICH!!, I'm on vacation!! there will be NO Friday Night Pizza Party on August 28th. sorry, The bakery smells like garlic!! 
That means that it must be PIZZA PARTY FRIDAY!!!
This is our last one of the summer, we are on vacation next Friday. But don't fret, we will be back in the fall...and then some!!, Morcilla (Spanish blood sausage) PIZZA is BACK!!
if you haven't tried this pizza, you should.
Morcilla from Moody's deli, Manchego and roasted corn from the farmers market. It doesn't get much better!!, Pizza party Friday night!!
SPECIAL PIZZA!!
GOLDEN PINEAPPLE AND MAPLE CURED HAM, Ok, yeah, sure, we got a Best Of Boston award from BOSTON magazine. But our Pizza is even BETTER!!!
Tonight starting at 5!, the official JULY 17TH MENU!!, Couple of SPECIALS!! for tonight
1. Sweet Italian sausage and ricotta
2. Smoked Salmon, crème fraiche, scallions and capers
Looking forward to seeing you all tonight!!!, null, Wow! what a great Friday Night Pizza Party! We SOLD OUT by 7:30. Thank you to all that came and ate amazing pizza. Next week we will make sure to have more dough!!, Its Friday Night!! that means 
PIZZA AT THE BLUE FROG!!!
and we have the right menu too!!, PIZZA AT THE FROG!!!, We are very happy to have been awarded a "Best of Boston" by Boston magazine!! 

http://www.bestofboston.com/winner/best-bread-bakery/blue-frog-bakery-2015/, Starting July 3rd
FRIDAY NIGHT PIZZA PARTY!!!1, Its WEDNESDAY! And you know what that means.....
DEDHAM Farmers Market!
need some great fresh veggies?
need some amazing meats or seafood?
need some wonderful bread?
well, what are you waiting for? come to the market!!, BFB@DFM!!! 
Every Wednesday for the rest of the summer Blue Frog Bakery will be selling bread and other wonderful baked goods at:
The Dedham Farmers Market.!!
If you are in that area, come on by and get some great stuff!!, Pizza Pop-up Menu!! come on by and get a pie!!, Its pop-up time of year again.... Menu will be out soon!!, Mmmmm goodness!, BLUE FROG BREAKFAST SANDWICH!!!
did that get your attention? it should!
Bratwurst sausage or apple wood smoked bacon, sharp cheddar cheese and a dover farms egg, all on a toasted potato roll.
oh yeah, we have dover farms DUCK eggs too!!, well its going to be the first great weekend of the year!!
celebrate with:
Bagels and house cured lox, heirloom tomato, red onion, cream cheese!
oyster mushroom and cheddar quiche
bacon,oyster mushroom and cheddar quiche
THE BLUE FROG BREAKFAST SANDWICH!!
Bratwurst sausage, sharp cheddar cheese and a dover farms egg, all on a toasted potato roll.

see you at the FROG!, Easter and Passover at the frog!!, WOW did Easter and Passover just sneak up on you too?
We can help.!!
Hand made matzoth, flourless chocolate cake, cheese cake with a matzo crust, coconut macaroons
French Macaron, cheese cake, chocolate mousse, strawberry short cakes and of course
CHOCOLATE BUNNIES!!!!!!, Pi Day!!! Saturday. We will have lots of pie! big pies, little pies, all kinds of pies, The Blue Frog Bakery is looking for a morning baker. Are you or do you know anyone with a passion for baking?
Knowledge of yeast bread production and laminated dough would be a strong asset. 
Drop us a line or send a resume to:
bluefrogbakery@aol.com, Another blizzard?? better stock up on chocolate!! our valentines collection will be on sale Thursday afternoon!, Getting ready for Mardi Gras?? we got king cakes!!, snow day? what snow day!
coffee is on. muffins and croissants are warm (at 7:30ish)
bread is fresh. 
we are open., Vacation is over! and We are back at work.
How about a nice FU winter special?
Rum soaked banana cake and Jamaica Blue Mountain Coffee.
come and get it!!, Ok, so you forgot to get a pie, Its getting late, what are you going to do?
Well, we have pies available, first come, first served. And we are open thanksgiving day until noon, Did you forget your pie for this thursday???
we have pies, come and get 'em!!!, Unlike other places in JP, you can order your pies until Tuesday November 25. We will have hot and delicious pies ready when you are!!, Pork buns getting ready for the steamer. they will be available tomorrow morning!!, Just one more day until the tasty ribs are back!!, Guess who's back?
Back again,
Rib's are back!!
Tell a friend
THURSDAY NOVEMBER 6, 6PM, Bagels are just coming out of the oven!!!
House cured Lox is sliced!!
come and break the fast with us!!, null, We made bread without yeast!!
Our sourdough tests are going well. I think we will have our game faces on for this weekend. Sourdough for all!!, Our window says it all!
Our Bread of the day is caraway rye. get it while you can!!, Caraway Rye is hot out of the oven. 
MONDAYS BREAD OF THE DAY!!!, Sooo. First Thursday in October. The Blue Frog Bakery will be at our favorite fundraiser
MEN OF BOSTON COOK FOR WOMENS HEALTH
Codman square health center, 7pm. 
If you are not going to first Thursday, you should be there!!
we will be back with another Thursday night pop-up.......
SOON!, Its First Thursday!! time for the Art Walk in JP, Hatched opening in its new Centre street space, AND CANADIAN BACON!!!, Just put two sides of salmon into the cure!! House made lox and Bagels for all this weekend!!, null, Only A few days until the takeover of JP by CANADIAN BACON!!
We will also have Caramelized onions and cheddar cheese sauce for those who deem it necessary!, null, Here it comes....., null, WOW! we sold out of our ribs in just over an hour!!
thank you to everyone who came by. Plus we got a great write up in the local news!!
http://www.jamaicaplainnews.com/2014/08/eat-this-mans-ribs-and-51-other-things-to-do-thursday-night/#, null, It's just one day away!!
Blue Frog Bakery RIB pop up!!, null, null, "I'm sorry, I don't serve ribs..."
NO Wait I do!
AUGUST FRIST THIRSDAY!
Cambodian style pork ribs, greens with Ginger Carrot dressing
6pm!, well, you missed it!!
the BACON BOMB was a huge success! there were dozens of people walking around the FRIST THURSDAY ART WALK, eating huge pork sammies!
stay tuned for our August first Thursday pop up!! its going to be our biggest and tastiest yet!!, Ah Yeah!! another great poster for our pop up!
thank you Ginger Russell, Just one more day!! BACON BOMB SANDWICH!!
yes it might be raining, but whatever! come out and eat pork!
10% of sales will be going to Centre/south main streets
100% of pork will be going into your mouth, First Thursday is next week!!!
Time for another POP UP!
BACON BOMB SANDWICH!!!
Pork Loin wrapped in sausage, wrapped in bacon. Cooked low and slow, basted in BBQ sauce. Topped with your choice of 3 slaws. All on a soft potato roll., Thank you to everybody who came out last night for
Bao Chicka Bao Bao!!
it was a success. 
we raised some money for JPCSMS and we ate some good food.
we will keep you posted on our next first Thursday pop up., Yes its raining!
Yes its chilly,
Come and eat some BAO!! 
Don't forget to use the word Y'all to hear about our secret item!!, null, People are talking about our pop up!
cool!!
How about a secret menu item?
1. come to the pop up on Thursday
2. Use the word Y'all in a sentence
3. Find out about our secret menu item 
BONUS!!! do you know who that is in our poster?, BAO MENU!!!!
PORK BELLY with hoisin,pickled cucumber, and green onion

BULGOGI SKIRT STEAK with kimchee, sesame mayo, and toasted sesame seeds

VEGGIE marinated and roasted portabello mushroom, pickled carrots, cucumber, nappa cabbage., null, null, So this is going to happen!! 
Thursday June 5th 
Menu posting soon..., Memorial day weekend!! woot!
what better time to enjoy a bagel with gravlax.
All made in house! we cured our own salmon and made a bunch of bagels..We got cream cheese, red oinions, and capers to go along with it

see you soon!, LETS PARTY!!
Mimosa's at 8
Cake and Champagne at noon!
Celebrating 10 Years!, Well, well, well. Look what went and happened.
March 19th 2004 the Blue Frog Bakery opened its doors.

We would like to thank all of our customers and staff over the last 10 years. It wouldn't have been possible without you.
SO LETS PARTY!!!!
SATURDAY March 22 we will be serving Cake, Coffee and some bubbles for the adults!!, null, Mardi Gras is almost upon us!!!
We have KING CAKE to make the most of your fat Tuesday!!, Ok,ok so there is some snow coming...
why don't you grab some bread and pastries for the long few hours you are going to be stuck in the house.
We got 'em
come get 'em, Snow? this isn't snow! when I was a kid, we had snow.
BLUE FROG BAKERY is open for all your
SNOWPOCALYPSE needs, Uh. Cool!!
http://jamaicaplain.patch.com/groups/weekend-planner/p/yelps-top-5-coffee-shops-in-jamaica-plain-do-you-agree_7a32b36b, yes we know, we have not posted in a long time. didn't really have much to say......
now we do.
this year marks our 10th anniversary.
yep that's right we have been baking smiles daily, for 10 years!!
stay tuned for more info on our special events in the coming year!, ok its the day before thanksgiving!!
do you have your goddies yet??
we are open until 8pm for all of your last minute needs, SHHHHHH!!!!
we have a SECRET PIE MENU for thanksgiving
come on by or call and mention the secret menu. And we will tell you all about it 
617-983-3764
Just keep it on the QT and very hush hush :), Our menu is up, Pies, Pies and more Pies.
call today to order.
We are open thanksgiving day until noon., Its that time of year again!!!
THANKSGIVING PIES, BOO!!
Halloween treats at the Blue Frog!, ITS THE GREATEST THING SINCE SLICE BREAD!!!!
Now at the Blue Frog Bakery....
SLICED BREAD!!
We welcome our new bread slicing machine!!, It's Open Studio's this weekend!! Two great things that taste and work well together are art and baked goods!! Come see us for sustenance before you head out to support our local artists!!, Pork Bun, Blue Frog stye.
 Pork tenderloin, wrapped in sausage, wrapped in bacon.
 topped with Chipotle slaw all on a Blue Frog
 Sesame seed Vienna roll.
 $6.50, Annnnnd, Boom! we got another one hooked!
Luke's first taste of croissant, BFHOP!!
Blue Frog Bakery House of Pizza
hand made pizza with fresh mozzarella and sausage.
and yes there are some without meat.
$7.00, so its going to be 100 F today. Yes we are hot!!
what would make us happy? people eating the treats that we have baked in this heat!!
that goes for all of our locally owned business.

get out, if only for a few minutes.
SHOP LOCAL., null, Yep that's a Blue Frog Potato bun on that sucka!!

http://www.bostonmagazine.com/2012/06/boston-burger-ultimate-franken-burger/, Blue Frog is open today! regular Hours.
Duck confit croissants are warm and waiting for you., TODAYS SPECIAL

Duck Confit and Blue Cheese Croissant
House made duck leg confit with St. Agur blue cheese.

That's right, I said DUCK CONFIT CROISSANT!, special today!
Savory bread pudding with Cheddar and Vermont Smoke and cure bacon!!, OK. Its warm enough now.
ICED COFFEE AND ESPRESSO DRINKS are back!!
and as always FREE STRAWS!!, Im not going to say that the reason the Kenyons win the marathon every year is because they eat Blue Frog Chocolate croissants. But.
Good luck to all of our friends running today!!, This will definitely get you going in the morning, and it's available at the Blue Frog too!!, Blue Frog will be open Easater sunday!! see you there, 9 years ago today the blue frog bakery opened for business. Thank you to everyone who has helped is get this far. The best is yet to come., soda bread is ready to go. Dont you need some thing to soak up all the beer?, The Blue Frog Bakery is looking for a new afternoon counter person!! know anyone with mad skills? send them our way.
Job is Monday-Friday 1pm to 7pm, wow thats alot of snow!!
we will be open sunday the 9th at our regular time.
see you then !!, Look what we've got for you!! Blue Frog Blends $10.99 a bag, and we're more than happy to grind the beans to your preferences. Here's to staying warm and caffeinated!, Ok. Here goes.....
After almost 9 years baking for the people of JP it's time for a change.
We are Pleased to announce that we are opening a second 
BLUE FROG BAKERY!!!!
Coming soon to 246 Grove Street West Roxbury.
More information to come, but we look forward to feeding the people of West Roxbry and Jamaica Plain for another 9 years!!
And a BIG THANK YOU to everyone who has come into the Blue Frog, all of our friends, and our business partners.

Brad, Carrie and the staff of the Blue Frog Bakery., Its about that time of year again. LETS GET READY FOR A KING CAKE!!
, well it took a long time but we have a new espresso machine!!!
come on by and say hello to our new
Nuova Simonelli!!!, yep its cold out. get back at winter with a 
F*&K YOU WINTER!! Muffin.
Pineapple, coconut and rum. YUMMY!, We will be closed new years day!! just a little rest :0, We are open christams eve until 7pm
Closed the 25th and 26th for a little rest.
Have a merry, merry christmas., END OF THE WORLD CAKE!!
Flourless chocolate cake soaked in Grand Marnier
Milk chocolate Creameaux
Nyangbo Chocolate mousse
ON SALE FOR ONE DAY ONLY December 21, 2012
$500.00 but I promise not to run your card until december 22nd.
Maybe you get a free cake? Maybe you have to pay :), Just hanging with my buddy!
"Canadian" gingerbread man :), christmas 2013, More holiday goodies to consider!, Happy Sunday friends! What are your favorite holiday eats?, null, null, Stollen? yep we got that. Our own brandy soaked fruit, marzapan center. YUM!! And coming soon....END OF THE WORLD CAKE!, The lineup is already starting to form here at the Blue Frog Bakery!! People are really wanting to get our Black Friday door buster specials!!
who am I kidding!! go back to sleep!, pies, pies, pies, and more pies. thats whats on my mind., Mmmm little taste of the homeland today. Tourtière is ready to go!!, food pictures, what's that? you need to buy a pie for thanksgiving? HEY we sell those. Come on by and place your order today!!, Make your choice!! EAT THE VOTE, Saturday's Quiche - Acorn Squash with Cheddar and locally foraged mushrooms! Get em while their hot!, Saturday October 13th!
Savory danish with mascarpone cheese and locally foraged chanterelle mushrooms!
Todays quiche is a little surf and turf. Hen of the woods mushrooms, crab and cheddar!, Todays Quiche is Fresh Mozzeralla with Mushrooms. Im using button mushrooms and LOCALLY foraged chicken of the woods.
Yummy!!
The sausage rolls are huge today! and the sticky buns are really, really sticky!1, todays quiche is tomato, leek, roasted garlic, and squash with fresh mozzeralla! All local (from Buckle farm) and all organic!
we also have a wonderful sausage roll with a huge brautwerst., we are going old school for our quiche today...
good ol' bacon and cheddar, saturday August 18, 2012
quiche of the day is.....
fress mozzeralla, chard, squash and scallions.
yummy!!!, saturday's quiche:
yellow squash, red onion,  andgreen pepper.
all local, all roasted. then we threw in some cabbot sharp cheddar, just for kicks!!, This weekends quiche......
Roasted veggies and swiss cheese!!, it's hot and humid. How about a nice iced coffee? We will even throw in a free straw!!, Quiche of the day is caramlized onion, cherry tomato and mascarpone cheese!! yummy!, Forget about Lorraine! Today we have ....
Quiche Pamela!!
Bacon, spinach, and smoked gouda!, ok the lobster quiche went great. What next? I am taking ideas what should we make for next weekend?, I don't want to excite you all but comming this saturday....
Lobster, bacon and mascarpone quiche.
there I said it., 'Holla for Challah!!, Savory saturday offerings for July 7th....
Crab quiche and Sausage rolls, according to Boston Magazine, if you were going to make a burger with all the best locally produced ingredients yiou would use 
Blue Frog Bakery Potato rolls!!
http://www.bostonmagazine.com/articles/2012/06/boston-burger-ultimate-franken-burger/, Happy fathers day!! what better way to celebrate than to buy dad a Bacon, roasted garlic and cheddar quiche!
REAL MEN EAT QUICHE, Jenny Johnson slaps my buns!!

http://www.necn.com/searchNECN/search/v/55967553/destination-grass-fed.htm, Don't Pass over the Blue Frog when you need desserts for your seder! We have wonderfull lemon cheese cake with a matozh crust, flourless chocoalte cake and great coconut macaroons and almond macarons., What do you get when you pour boiling water on some rabbits?
Hot Cross Bunnies!!
Hot Cross Buns now ready at the Blue Frog!!, The Blue Frog Bakery now accepts Level up!! First time users get a $1 credit. Spend $50 get $5! how awesome is that??, southern/northern eh. Fusion cusine?
Buttermilk biscuits with cheddar and scallion, house made Canadian Bacon.
Ready Saturday AM!!, I"M 8 today!! yipee, Happy St. paddies day. How about a quiche with aged cheddar, roasted garlic, and LARDO!!! yes thats right quiche with the cured fat of jambon iberico!! only $4., this saturdays savory item.. steamed bun with bulgogi skirt steak, house made kimchi.$3.50, null, Whats to say.
Steamed Pork Bun!
Roasted Pork Belly
Pickled Napa Cabbage, Scalions, and Hoisin.
$3.00, soooo the Bao were so popular we are doing them again this weekend. This time it's pork belly, pickled nappa cabbage, scalions and hoisin sauce. Pics are comming!!, 6 hour roasted pork, ginger, scallion, soy and house made pickles!!, Blue Frog Bao!
6 hour pork, ginger, scallion, soy and hose made pickles
come and get em!!, null, blue frog bakery king cake!!, we are nominated in the desserts catagory!! vote often!!
http://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/2012/vote,  http://contests.thephoenix.com/thebest/boston/2012/vote, this is a little bit about JP's valentines hotspots
http://jamaicaplain.patch.com/articles/sweet-eats-in-jp, Now available!! our hand made chcolate and bon bon assortment. 4 pcs $5.00
9 Pcs in an awesome heart shapped box $15.00
Hand made Pate de fruit in 4 great flavors, same boxes and same price, valentines day chocoalte assortment, valentines day is comming! our chocolate collection is almost ready. 4 pc boxes and great heart shaped 9 pc boxes!!, Time for our winter break. we will be back on the first of feb., pats hangover, cold morning. what's better than a maple oatmeal scone and a hot coffee?, null, alright, alright! Are you in the mood for chocolates? cookies? French Macarons? Need to give gifts? well We have hand made chocolates, and little boxes of assroted French Macrons ready to go! what a perfect little gift idea.
Need a tray of assorted christmas cookies? Yep we got that too!!, gettin ready for Christmas!!)