List(April is Child Abuse Prevention Month across the United States.  From the President's Proclamation:

Preventing child abuse is an effort that we must undertake as one American family, and in our schools, neighborhoods, and communities, we must look after every child as if they are our own. Between four and eight children die every day from abuse or neglect, but together we can prevent these tragedies from occurring. Children who are being abused or neglected may display constant alertness, sudden changes in behavior and school performance, or untreated physical or medical issues. Child abuse may take many forms, including neglect and physical, sexual, or emotional abuse. More information on preventing child abuse can be found at www.ChildWelfare.gov/Preventing., Officers responded to the 2500 block of Smith Rd. at 1:55 a.m. this morning for a traffic crash.  The driver of this vehicle left the scene prior to police arriving.  There was airbag deployment.  Drug paraphernalia was thrown from the vehicle on impact.

Anyone who witnessed the crash is asked to call Ofc. L. Watson at 330-666-3736., Bath PD Ofc R. Young and Ofc. E. Shaffer worked diligently last night and this morning to assist in the recovery of a missing Bath resident.  They were able to coordinate their efforts with Chicago (IL) PD Ofcs. McKenney and Jarvis to locate the missing young adult from Bath in the Chicago subway.

The Chicago Officers displayed the same level of dedication to duty as BPD Ofc. Young and Ofc. Shaffer.  Great job by all!, A Sparrow Pond resident installed a Canary All-In-One Home Security Camera system last week.  The stand alone camera alerts the homeowner by e-mail/text when there is an intrusion and forwards video to the homeowner's smart phone.

The homeowner received an alert of an intrusion at 1:34 p.m. yesterday.  The video recorded the suspect walking inside the home.  Bath PD made a screen shot of the suspect (pictured below).

The suspect appears to be carrying a notebook in his left hand.  Police would like to know if the pictured individual stopped at anyones home in this neighborhood or any other neighborhood in Bath.

Stolen during the burglary were select pieces of jewelry.  The burglar forced open the front door to gain entry.  Little else in the home was disturbed.

Anyone with information should contact Detective Richard Munsey at 330-666-3736., Good news!  "Sushi" has been located and is safe!  Thank you!

"Sushi" missing 4 year-old male cat from Ghentwood Drive area in Bath Township.  Please call Bath PD if located 330.666.3736.  Thank you!, null, We were honored to attend Akron Children's Hospital event this morning announcing the Goodyear Foundation's $500,000 donation for the Children's Hospital Safety and Mobility Project.

The project will provide 2,700 bike helmets to Summit County children.  Additionally, the project will focus on the safety of children learning to drive, riding in cars, or walking to school.  Increasing the safety of our community is a shared goal.

Both Goodyear and Akron Children's Hospital are tremendous Akron institutions from whom we have all benefitted during our years in the Akron area.  Thank you to all who worked to create this project!, The male missing from Bath has been located safely. Thank you for all assistance.  He was located by the Cleveland Clinic PD In Cleveland., We are currently searching for a missing 62 year old male with dementia that wondered off from the area of Cleveland-Massillon and Route 18. He was last seen 20 minutes ago wearing a maroon sweatshirt with the logo, "Elan," a blue hat with stripes, blue jeans, and black shoes. If located please contact Bath PD at 330-666-3736., Bath Township, Ohio – Alan Brubaker, P.E., P.S., Summit County Engineer, would like to alert residents and motorists of the closure of Yellow Creek Road, from North Revere Road to Sand Run Road, on Tuesday, March 8th, and Wednesday, March 9th. This will be a daytime closure only, running from 9:00am until 3:00pm each day. The closure is necessary for utility line work. Detour routes will be posted.
 
Detours:
 
Westbound: left on Sand Run, right on Smith Road, right on Revere Road
Eastbound: right on Revere Road, left on Smith Road, and left on Sand Run, Registration is now open for Bath Police Department’s Safety Town, a 5 day summer safety program for children who will be entering kindergarten.  Safety Town will be held June 13 through June 17 at Bath Elementary.  More information, registration forms, and application forms for student volunteers are available online at www.bathtownship.org, Kent State University PD K-9 Coco enjoys a water break after assisting Bath PD during the search for suspected thieves.

Coco resides in Bath with her police officer handler.  This beautiful German Shepherd has been serving the Kent State community since 2013. 

We appreciate the support from the KSU PD and Bath resident Coco!, A resident found these keys at the intersection of W. Bath Rd. and  Medina Line Rd.  They may be picked up at Bath PD if yours., Bath Township Police arrested three subjects responsible for thefts from autos in three Summit County communities.
 
The three suspects were apprehended within hours of their latest theft spree.  Arrested were:
 
Katie N. Jenkins, 27 years old, of 1657 Munroe Falls Ave., Cuyahoga Falls.  She is charged with 1 count of felony Receiving Stolen Property.
Logan R. Wagner, 29 years old, homeless, last known address in Doylestown, Ohio.  He is charged with felony Complicity.
Anthony M. Hall, 25 years old, of 1657 Munroe Falls Ave., Cuyahoga Falls.  He was arrested on a Probation Violation warrant.  Hall was absent from a drug treatment facility.
 
Bath Police responded at 6:30 a.m. on Tuesday, February 24 to a report of a theft from vehicle on Top-O-Hill Drive, Bath Township.  A suspicious person call at 9:00 a.m. on Highland Drive resulted in a foot pursuit by police.  Jenkins was apprehended on West Point Drive By Ofc. S. Wolf.
 
Wagner was tracked to the Munroe Falls Avenue address by police.  Wagner was arrested as he exited the Munroe Falls Avenue address.
 
Bath Police obtained a search warrant for the Munroe Falls Avenue address.  They located Hall hiding in a closet inside the residence.  He was arrested on the warrant with the assistance of Cuyahoga Falls Police Department.  CFPD was a great help!
 
Bath Police recovered from the residence multiple stolen items.  The items includes watches, wallets, purses, credit cards, I-phones, I-pads, stun guns, pepper spray, a ballistic helmet, handgun, and drug paraphernalia.
 
The subjects were booked into the Summit County Jail., A great rescue by the Bath Fire Department!  Good support from Bath PD Ofc. M. Gabel and Communication Specialist J. Andrews., *** DOG HAS BEEN RETURNED - Thanks for the assistance ***This nice dog showed up at a Bath resident's home today.  Anyone knowing the owner is asked to call the Bath PD.  We will make contact with the resident taking care of this good dog., This cat went missing from the Sanctuary allotment on February 15th. If located, please contact Bath Township Police Department for the loving family at (330) 666-3736., The Bath PD is accepting applications for the position of part-time Communication Specialist.

The Communication Specialist (Dispatcher) under general supervision, answers incoming telephone calls, operates radio and all other equipment in the communications center.  Relays information concerning police and fire calls to appropriate personnel.

Minimum qualifications include the ability to operate computers, multi-task, handle stressful situations, and graduation from an accredited high school.

The hours of work may not exceed 28 hours per week.  The selected candidates must be able to work any shift,  7am-3pm; 3pm-11pm; and 11pm-7am.

The entry level pay is $16.94 per hour.  The rate increases to $19.96 after one year.  Uniforms are provided.

Applications may be found at www.bathtownship.org., The Ohio Alliance to End Sexual Violence today announced their public awareness campaign focused on preventing sexual violence and relationship violence in Ohio.  This phase of the campaign focuses on middle school and high school students.

Information on the campaign may be found at: www.ICanBeTheOne.com, Bath PD Officer D. Reilly apprehended a 28 year old Akron man wanted for robbery Sunday evening.  The man had robbed a female of $40 and attempted to throw her down a flight of stairs inside of a Fairlawn hotel.

Fairlawn PD took custody of the subject and charged him with the crime.  The suspect was charged with Robbery, Theft, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia.  Great work by Ofc. Reilly and the Fairlawn PD!, Bath PD Ofc. S. Wolf and Ofc. B. Falconer revived a 24 year old Bath man this morning after a drug overdose.  The officers obtained medical assistance and clearance for the resident from the Bath FD.

The officers collected heroin and drug instruments from the crime scene.  The man was charged with the felony possession of the drug and booked into the Summit County Jail.

An excellent resource for those with addiction is the ADM Crisis Center, 330-996-7730, 15 Frederick St., Akron.

Excellent work by Ofc. Wolf and Ofc. Falconer in saving the young man's life!, Acts of cruelty against animals are now counted alongside felony crimes like arson, burglary, assault, and homicide in the FBI’s expansive criminal database.

On January 1, the Bureau’s National Incident-Based Reporting System (NIBRS) began collecting detailed data from participating law enforcement agencies (Bath PD) on acts of animal cruelty, including gross neglect, torture, organized abuse, and sexual abuse. Before this year, crimes that involved animals were lumped into an “All Other Offenses” category in the FBI’s Uniform Crime Reporting Program’s annual Crime in the United States report, a survey of crime data provided by about 18,000 city, county, state, tribal, and federal law enforcement agencies.

By adding animal cruelty offenses to NIBRS, law enforcement agencies and the advocacy groups that pushed for the inclusion in the FBI database are hoping the results will reveal a more complete picture of the nature of cruelty to animals., Tax scams were plenty in Bath last year.  We can better protect ourselves by remembering:

The IRS generally first contacts people by mail - not by phone - about unpaid taxes and the IRS will not ask for payment using a prepaid debit card, a money order or wire a transfer. The IRS also will not ask for a credit card number over the phone. 

The callers who commit this fraud often:

-Utilize an automated robocall machine.
-Use common names and fake IRS badge numbers.
-May know the last four digits of the victim's Social Security  Number.
-Make caller ID information appear as if the IRS is calling.
-Aggressively demand immediate payment to avoid being criminally charged or arrested.
-Claim that hanging up the telephone will cause the immediate issuance of an arrest warrant for unpaid taxes.
-Send bogus IRS e-mails to support their scam.
-Call a second or third time claiming to be the police or department of motor vehicles, and the caller ID again supports their claim. 

If you get a call from someone claiming to be with the IRS asking for a payment, here's what to do:

If you owe Federal taxes, or think you might owe taxes, hang up and call the IRS at 800-829-1040. IRS workers can help you with your payment questions.

If you do not owe taxes, fill out the "IRS Impersonation scam" form on TIGTA's website, www.tigta.gov, or call TIGTA at 800-366-4484.

You can also file a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission at www.FTC.gov. Add "IRS Telephone Scam" to the comments in your complaint., The City of Akron will close Riverview Road between Smith Road and Bath Road starting around February 8, 2016 for approximately two and a half months for the first stage of construction activities to rehabilitate a portion of the Main Outfall Sewer., The missing children have been located safe in the Cuyahoga Valley National Park.  Thank you everyone for your help!, Bath PD Officers are now trained and equipped with Naloxone.

Naloxone (also known as Narcan) is a prescription medication that can reverse an overdose caused by an opioid drug (heroin or prescription medications).  

When given during an overdose, Naloxone blocks the effects of opioids on the brain and quickly restores breathing.  

Thank you Dr. Erme and Summit County Health Dept. for the training and supplies!, We look forward to assisting at the Revere Patriot Run on May 21!, Found senior chocolate lab at the 3300-Block of W. Bath Rd at 10:45 p.m. on 1-29-2016.  Lab has on a green KONG harness and attached is an outside tethered grey leash.  If this is your dog or if you know where its home is, please contact the Bath Police Department at 330-666-3736.  Thank you!, Dog owners can purchase 2016 dog licenses Jan. 30 at the Acme Fresh Market, 3979 Medina Rd. in Bath.

Summit County representatives will sell dog licenses Jan. 30 from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at Acme.

According to county officials, dog owners who fail to purchase a license by the Jan. 31 deadline will pay an $18 late fee. Dog licenses are $18 for a single year, $54 for a three-year license and $180 for a permanent license.

Thank you Acme for providing this service!  Dog licenses help us return the missing pet to its' owner., We are deeply saddened by this senseless crime.  Our thoughts and prayers are with Ofc. Cottrell, the Danville Police Department and their community., Bath Township, Ohio – Alan Brubaker, P.E., P.S., Summit County Engineer, would like to alert residents and motorists of the closure of Yellow Creek Road, from North Revere Road to Sand Run Road, on Wednesday, January 20th and Thursday, January 21st. This will be a daytime closure only, running from 9:00am until 3:00pm each day. The closure is necessary for utility line work. Detour routes will be posted., Canton PD K-9 Jethro was honored at an impressive service in Canton today.  The law enforcement community appreciates the display of support from everyone.  Thank you!, This dog went missing in Fairlawn area and may have been spotted in Bath area, Ira Rd. Has collar and tags and wearing a pink/red valentine bandanna. She is very shy please don't chase her. If spotted please contact Stephanie at (330) 620-2764- or Pet Supplies Plus in Fairlawn., This cat was found on Yellow Creek Rd. near Cleveland-Massillon Rd. on Monday evening. It was seeking shelter in a garage.  Contact us if you know its' owner and we will notify the resident who found the cat.  Thank you!, null, We are saddened to learn of the news., null, We are hoping for the best for Canton PD K-9 Jethro.  He saved his partner's life while being shot several times by a burglar this morning in Canton.  Our thoughts are with the members of the Canton PD., The most unusual traffic stop from 2015 was this van carrying pallets piled high.  No one was harmed by the unsafe load., We look forward to working together with our community in 2016 to keep the peace and safety of Bath.  Happy New Year!, We are looking for a missing Chihuahua from the North Shore area of Bath.  This little guy is about 7 lbs and is chipped.  If you have seen him, please contact Bath Police at (330) 666-3736., To the nice woman who found the credit card outside Old Navy this afternoon and turned it over to our Officer on foot patrol--  we contacted LL Bean Visa in Maine who in turn set us up on a conference call with the senior citizen who lost it.  The Fairlawn senior was overwhelmed by your honesty.  Your act of kindness has been one of many we have witnessed this holiday season.  Merry Christmas!, null, Bath PD Ofc. J. South and Ofc. R. Young apprehended a burglar inside the Hyde Park Grille at 11:30 p.m. last night.  The officers found a 55 year old Ft. Wayne, Indiana man inside the restaurant.  He was arrested without incident.

 The man had vandalized the business by breaking and destroying property inside the restaurant.  Damage was extensive.

The burglar was transported to a local hospital to be examined.  He appeared to be under the influence of drugs.  Afterwards he was booked into the Summit County Jail., Found dog near the 3700-B of Granger Rd. If anyone recognizes this dog and knows the owner please contact BPD at 330-666-3736, Our friends from Bath and Hillcrest Elementary Schools drew the winning ticket this morning for the autographed LeBron jersey.  The winner was Brenda from the Revere Local Schools!

We were able to treat these children to a day of holiday shopping and lunch thanks to the generosity of all who purchased tickets.

Additionally, we will make donations to the Battered Women's Shelter in Akron, the Law Enforcement Foundation, and the Revere High School girls track team.

Again, thank you everyone for making a positive difference in the lives of many!, Good morning!  The Granger Road bridge near Wye Road re-opened for traffic last night.  Thank you for your cooperation during the closure., Norman has been LOCATED SAFELY! Thank you to everyone for keeping an eye out., We wish everyone a safe and Happy Thanksgiving!, A fleeing felon was found hiding in a dumpster in the rear of Civista Bank, 500 block of N. Cleve-Mass Rd. at 8:30 this morning.  

The subject had fled from Peninsula Police on S. R. 303 in a vehicle with stolen license plates from North Carolina.  The vehicle traveled through Richfield on I-77 and into Bath.  The suspect crashed the vehicle as he exited on the Ghent Rd. ramp.

The suspect ran from the vehicle carrying a black briefcase.  Bath PD, Fairlawn PD, Richfield PD, Copley PD, and Peninsula PD officers surrounded the area near N. Cleve-Mass Rd. and Embassy Parkway.

The suspect was found inside the trash dumpster by a Fairlawn PD
Sergeant.  The suspect was removed from the dumpster without incident.  He was turned over to the Peninsula Police.

The briefcase was located nearby in the bushes.

The coordinated efforts of the law enforcement agencies resulted in the apprehension of the felon.  Nearby church services were not disrupted and no one was injured.

Good work by all!, Come visit us at the Acme Fresh Market in Bath, 3979 Medina Rd., on Saturday, November 21, between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. to assist us in helping several non-profit organizations and charities during the holiday season.

We will be selling raffle tickets for the opportunity to win a LeBron James autographed Cavaliers jersey.  The jersey comes with a Certificate of Authenticity from Upper Deck Cards.

The tickets are $5 each or 6 for $25.  The winning ticket will be drawn on Saturday, December 12.  We will notify the winner by telephone and deliver the framed jersey.

We look forward to seeing many of you on Saturday.

Thank you LeBron for your tremendous support to the Akron community!, “Honor to the soldier and sailor everywhere, who bravely bears his country's cause. Honor, also, to the citizen who cares for his brother in the field and serves, as he best can, the same cause.” – Abraham Lincoln

Bath PD thanks all who served to make our nation great!, Granger Road just west of Wye Road will closed for 28 days beginning tomorrow, Nov. 9.  The Summit County Engineer's Office will be working to stabilize the bridge., Thank you Bath residents for your support of the police levy.  We recognize and value you as important partners in a safe community.

Our policing priorities will continue to be:

* Violence against Women, e.g , Domestic Violence and Sexual Assaults

* Response to children in need, e.g., Missing Children, Safe Schools

* Reducing organized retail theft

* Utilizing crisis intervention skills to de-escalate incidents involving persons suffering mental illness

* Sharing information with the community and policing partners to strengthen our knowledge and response to criminal activity in the area

We believe public safety is not just the absence of crime, it is the presence of our officers and staff working with the community to achieve justice for all.  Your support is greatly appreciated., Missing person Willie Alford of Fairlawn has been located.  Thank you everyone for your concern and assistance!, A Bath resident found a dog's collar with an Invisible Fence device attached near the intersection of W. Bath Rd. and Revere Rd.

The collar was described as medium sized, red and pink in color, with butterflies imprinted on the collar.  The Invisible Fence device had "P/N 900-0025-02" printed on it.

We have the contact information for the person who found the collar if you are missing your dog.  Give us a call and we will forward your information to the resident., Bath PD Ofc. R. Young and J. South disarmed a 34 year old Kent man at 3:00 a.m. this morning at a Bath 24 hour convenience store.  

The man entered the store with his hood pulled over his head.  He walked around without making a purchase.  The man concealed himself inside a restroom until the only customer in the store left.  He then exited the restroom.

The sales clerk sensing something was amiss had already contacted the Bath Police dispatcher.  The officers arrived, made contact with the subject and found a knife with the blade open concealed in his sweatshirt.

The subject's prior criminal history included arrests for Aggravated Burglary and Domestic Violence.  Charges in this case are pending. 

Great work by Ofc.Young and Ofc. South for possibly preventing a more serious crime.  Thanks to Fairlawn PD for the assist., Bath Police responded to a Colony Hills home at 6:38 p.m. Thursday evening after the residents reported a male subject broke in and confronted them. The suspect fled on foot as the homeowner called 9-1-1.

Ofc. Dan Reilly located the burglar walking on Hametown Rd. north of Medina Rd. The burglar fled into the woods with Ofc. Reilly in pursuit. The officer was able to capture the burglar after a foot chase through the thick briars.

Charged with Burglary was Rian Young, 24 years old, of Copley Township. Young  was booked into the Summit County Jail.

Great work by Ofc. Reilly and the afternoon patrol shift!, The Bald Eagle was observed at the Bath Nature Preserve this past Saturday during the Fall into Nature festival.

The photo is from the University of Akron Field Station FB page., The wooly bears were out on the Bath Nature Preserve trails today.  They appeared to have a wide rust colored band indicating we will have a mild winter.  Enjoy the beauty and safety of our parks as October winds down., The Bath Police Department is offering for sale BPD Holiday Ornaments.  The ornament, pictured below, is being offered for $10.  The ornament may be purchased at the police department lobby ($10) or by mailing a check for $11.50 (includes shipping cost) made payable to Bath PD, Inc., 3864 W. Bath Rd., Akron, Ohio 44333.

Proceeds will be utilized to support two worthy projects: a holiday shopping trip for an identified child in need in the Revere community; and athletic travel bags for the Revere ladies track team., We had a great time meeting with community members at the Bath Parks "Fall into Nature" festival today.  Making crafts with the kids was especially fun.  Hope everyone liked the real snowflakes!, A Fryman Drive resident in southwest Bath reported her yorkiepoo dog was attacked by a coyote at 7 a.m. this morning.  Residents should be alert to coyotes in all parts of Bath Township., Yellow Creek Rd is currently closed at 2244 Yellow Creek Rd due to a tree down. The county road department is enroute to clean up the tree. This is near Sand Run Rd., ***Traffic Alert Reminder***  Bath PD would like to alert residents and Revere parents/students of the closure of Revere Road, between Ira Road and Woodsmill Road, starting Tuesday, October 13 and ending Wednesday, October 21. The closure is necessary to repair a landslide. Detour routes will be posted.

Access to the Revere High School and Middle School campus will be from Everett Road.  Motorists should anticipate delays. All work is weather dependent., The Circle K gas station at 791 N. Cleveland-Massillon Rd. was robbed at 10:56 p.m. on Thursday, Oct. 8 by the three black males pictured below.  One suspect was armed with a handgun.

The suspects obtained cash and cigarettes.  They fled south on N. Cleveland-Massillon Rd. in a gold colored van.

Anyone with information is asked to call Det. Dave Ellinger at 330-666-3736., Bath Township, Ohio – Alan Brubaker, P.E., P.S., Summit County Engineer, would like to alert residents and motorists of the closure of Revere Road, between Ira Road and Woodsmill Road, starting Tuesday, October 13 and ending Wednesday, October 21. The closure is necessary to repair a landslide. Detour routes will be posted.
 
The detour route will go from Revere Road to Ira Road to Cleveland Massillon Road to Everett Road. Motorists should anticipate delays. All work is weather dependent., MC vs SUV injury accident 2938 W Bath Rd. Bath is closed at Revere Rd and Shade Rd. Please find an alternate route! Roadway will be closed for unknown time frame., We invite you to join us at the Bath Parks "Fall into Nature" event on Sat., Oct. 17 between noon and 3 p.m. at the Univ. of Akron Field Station, 4240 Ira Rd.

There will be many fun filled activities for adults and children.  Stop by the Bath PD table for Halloween safety information.  Your children can make a pumpkin pinecone craft for you with the help of a police officer. 

Bath PD will also have a raffle during this time for two brand new kids bicycles.  These bikes, pictured below, were generously donated by the Fairlawn Walmart.  Raffle tickets may be purchased for $1.00 a piece the day of the event.  The winning tickets will be drawn at 2:30 p.m. that day!

We look forward to seeing you at the park!!!, A 19 year old Wadsworth man and two local high school students sustained injuries when the 19 year old driver lost control of his vehicle in the 2900 block of Bath Rd. on Saturday at 8:29 p.m.

The 19 year old stated he had smoked a bowl of marijuana earlier in the day.  Alcohol and digital scales were found at the crash scene.

Charges are pending in the case., The Summit County Engineers Office has notified us of gas line replacement work in the 2400 block of Yellow Creek Rd.  This work will be between the Revere Rd traffic triangle and Sand Run Rd.  The work will take place Thursday, Friday and Monday, Sept 24, 25 and 28, and will occur from 7am-5pm each of the listed days.  There will be flaggers on either end of the roadwork.  To reduce traffic delays, please find an alternate route of travel for the three days or plan extra time to arrive at your destination., Parents are invited to visit the Hidden in Plain Sight display at Revere High School  for a timely discussion of marijuana and its effects.  Join us on September 30., The countdown to the Revere vs. Copley football game next Friday, September 25 at 7 p.m. at Revere High School has started.  Join us in filling the stadium with positive energy for our students.

The Bath PD will be handing out rally towels to Revere fans prior to the game (while supplies last).  The white towels with the red R logo will stand out among the fans., The Bath PD is attempting to identify the female in the pictures.  She is alleged to have taken 25 cases of Red Bull from a supermarket in Bath.  She is believed to be involved in similar activity in multiple stores in Summit and Stark Counties.

The getaway car is pictured below.  Anyone with information is asked to contact Bath PD at 330-666-3736., FOUND dog this morning.  *Turned over to the Summit County Division of Animal Control*  If you are the owner, contact them at (330) 643-2845, Patriot Day 2015- Join us tonight at 7 p.m. for the Revere v. Normandy football game at RHS.  The 9/11 memorial built by Bath PD members will be on display at the game

We will take time to remember those we lost on 9/11 and look forward to the future leaders of America--the young men and women of the Revere community. 

Bath PD will be handing out American flags to fans while supplies last.  We look forward to seeing you at the game!, "All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence."
                                              -Martin Luther King Jr.

Happy Labor Day!  Enjoy the beauty of Bath Township which your hard work has ensured will endure., The report has information for parents which may assist in keeping your children safe., A burglar smashed the front window of a local eyeglass store on Ghent Rd. at 12:30 a.m. today.  The suspect stole over $10,000 worth of eyeglass frames.  

The suspect's image was captured on surveillance video.  One image is displayed below.

Anyone with information about this crime is asked to contact Detective Richard Munsey at 330-666-3736., Joseph W. Caton, 33 years old, of Akron was apprehended this evening and charged with Receiving Stolen Property in connection with the theft of the Ford F-250 from Bath.

CFPD Officers responded to a shoplifting call at a retail store in the Falls.  Caton was charged with Robbery in their case.  The Bath victim's truck was recovered at the scene.

Caton was booked into the Summit County Jail.  Additional charges by Bath PD are pending further investigation.

Our victim will be reunited with his truck tomorrow.  Great work Cuyahoga Falls PD!, The truck pictured below was stolen at 10 a.m. from a gas station parking lot at Medina Rd. & Springside Drive.  The truck is a 2011 Ford F-250 bearing Ohio license plate 899 YPK.

The 75 year old owner was putting air in the tires when a heavy set male with brown skin jumped in the drivers seat and started the vehicle.  The owner attempted to stop the male from stealing the truck.  The owner was dragged by the truck and thrown to the ground as the suspect fled west on Medina Rd. toward I-77.

The victim was transported to a local hospital for treatment by Bath Fire Department.

Anyone with information about this crime should contact Detective Ellinger at Bath PD, 330-666-3736., The moon was shining brightly on Bath during the midnight shift early this morning.  The community enjoyed a quiet night., Welcome students to the Field Station.  We look forward to seeing you this semester in the park., National Preparedness Month starts on September 1! This year’s theme is “Don’t Wait. Communicate. Make Your Emergency Plan Today.” Each week will focus on a different type of emergency and how you and your family can prepare. Don’t forget to be counted by adding your preparedness activity to the America’s PrepareAthon! website www.ready.gov/prepare.
• Week 1: September 1-5 Flood
• Week 2: September 6-12 Wildfire
• Week 3: September 13-19 Hurricane
• Week 4: September 14-26 Power Outage
• Week 5: September 27-30 Lead up to National PrepareAthon! Day (September 30 )
For more details about National Preparedness Month, visit: www.ready.gov/september. #NatlPrep, Injury accident at Granger Rd and Hametown Rd. Please find an alternate route of travel. EMS and Police are enroute., Mr Curtis has been located!  Our fire department is evaluating him to make sure he does not have any medical concerns.  Thank you for everyone's assistance.  Mr. Curtis was spotted by off-duty firefighter James Horak.  Firefighter Horak notified Bath PD of the location, Ira Rd. & Martin Rd.  Many thanks James Horak!!!, The search for missing person Lonnie Curtis will resume on Monday morning.  Over 100+ law enforcement and fire personnel searched for 11 hours today.  We were assisted by civilian search and rescue personnel with K-9s.  The Summit County Sheriff provided his horse mounted patrol to search the CVNP.  Summit County Emergency Management personnel provided needed equipment and assistance.  The University of Akron provided valuable computer forensic assistance today.

Mrs. Curtis is being assisted by a wonderful group of neighbors.  Thank you to all Bath residents who checked their neighborhood and property for Mr. Curtis., Bath residents are requested to walk their properties and inspect any outbuildings for the missing person Lonnie Curtis.  He was last seen wearing a blue polo shirt and blue jeans.  Contact the Bath PD at 330-666-3736 if you find Mr. Curtis or any of his clothing., Lonnie Curtis has been missing for over 24 hours from his residence on Candlewood Lane.  Police are actively searching the National Park area in Bath Township.

We believe Mr. Curtis to be in need of assistance from first responders.  Anyone seeing Mr. Curtis or with any information should contact the Bath PD at 330-666-3736., MISSING ELDERLY MALE OUT OF BATH TOWNSHIP, LONNIE CURTIS. LAST SEEN WEARING BLUE JEANS AND A BLUE POLO SHIRT. LEFT HIS HOUSE ON CANDLEWOOD LN AT 08:00 AM. PLEASE CONTACT BATH PD WITH ANY INFORMATION  AT 330-666-3736., This was a difficult investigation for all involved.  We appreciate the efforts of the Summit County Prosecutor., An excellent investigation by Detective David Ellinger resulted in justice for our victim.  We appreciate the assistance from the Summit County Prosecutor's Office., Bath Township, OH – Alan Brubaker, P.E., P.S., Summit County Engineer, would like to alert residents and motorists that Yellowcreek Road will be closed for utility relocation on Thursday, August 20, 2015 from 8:00a.m. through 6:00p.m. West of Sand Run and East of Revere Rd.

Detours:  

West Bound – Left on Sand Run, Right on Smith Rd., Right on Revere Rd.
    
East Bound  - Right on Revere Rd., Left on Smith and Left on Sand Run

For updates on this project and others throughout the county, please see the Summit County Engineer’s website at:  http://summitengineer.net ., Do you recognize the product below?  You will be able to learn about synthetic marijuana and other dangers at an upcoming Hidden in Plain Sight program.

“Hidden in Plain Sight” will be on display in the auditorium at Copley High School, 3807 Ridgewood Road on Monday, August 24.  Doors open for browsing at 9:45am with a presentation from 10:00am  to 11:30am.  The exhibit is open to adults only.   Area youth-serving professionals are also welcome to attend.  There is no charge for admittance.

The audience is encouraged to explore and interact with items in the display which may be indicative that a teenager is involved in substance abuse, underage drinking, eating disorders, sexual activity and more.  Participants will be enlightened, educated and astonished., Two separate Bath Hills residents awoke this morning to find their homes had been entered during the night while they slept.  Burglars stole computers, a big screen television, cell phone and cash from the homes.

The suspect(s) gained entry at one home through an open garage door and unlocked door into the home.  Entry was gained at the second home through a ground level window left open.

Positive prevention practices include closing all garage doors, closing and locking all ground level windows, and locking all doors leading into the home.

Report all suspicious persons and vehicles in your neighborhood to the Bath PD at 330-666-3736., The below article appeared on the Stop Stick Ltd. website:, This nice dog was found on Granger Rd. just east of Medina Line Rd.  Please contact the Bath PD if you know its' owner., The Bath Police Department is seeking qualified applicants for Part-Time Police Officer.  Minimum qualifications include an Associates Degree in Criminal Justice; or Bachelors Degree in an approved major from an accredited university or college; and current OPOTA certification.

Applications and a full job description are available at www.bathtownship.org.  For further information e-mail:  mmcneely@bathtownship.org., Schools will re-open soon.  A study by the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children shows that approximately 35% of attempted child abductions occur when the child is going to or from school.

We want to share with you the NCMEC's 10 back to school safety tips:

1.  Stay with a group when standing at the bus stop.
2.  Children should never take short cuts and always stay in well lit   
     areas.
3.  Always provide supervision for children walking to or from bus 
     stops.
4.  Teach your children if someone bothers them it is okay to not 
     be polite and okay to say NO.
5.  Teach your children that if anyone tries to take them, they 
     should resist by kicking and screaming.
6.  Teach your children not to accept a ride from anyone unless
     you have said it is okay.
7.  Teach your children that adults should not ask children for 
     directions.
8.  Teach your children never to accept money or gifts from 
     anyone unless you have told them it is okay.
9.  Make sure your school has current and accurate emergency
     contact information on file for your children.  Confirm names
     of those authorized to pick them up.
10.  Always know where your children will be.  Teach them to 
       never leave school with anyone unless they check with you
       first.

Rest assured the Bath community is a safe community.  Reviewing and practicing these safety tips will enhance community safety., A citizen report of a reckless driver on I-77 at 10:30 a.m. on Tuesday resulted in the arrest of a wanted felon from Cuyahoga County.

Bath Police arrested a 32 year old Canton man after stopping his vehicle on S.R. 18 at Crystal Lake Rd.  The man who had prior robbery, drug and resisting arrest offenses was arrested without incident by Ofc. Wolf and Ofc. Oubre.

Located in his vehicle were drugs, drug instruments, and counterfeit money.  He was turned over to Cuyahoga County Sheriff Deputies and jailed in Cleveland., Summer beauty in Bath, Ohio may be found in our Nature Preseve.  The picture below was taken from one of the walking trails.

Thus far in 2015 we have enjoyed a decrease in burglaries and traffic crashes as compared to the same time last year. 

Remember to practice good safety habits and report any suspicious activity in your neighborhood to us at 330-666-3736., The Bath Community Day Parade was great fun!  Have a great weekend :), We look forward to participating in the Bath Community Day Parade on Saturday at 11 a.m. and visiting with our residents. 

Starting from Ira Road, the parade will travel south on North Cleveland-Massillon Road to its conclusion at Bath Elementary School and Bath Church on Bath Road.

Below is a sneak peek of the Stars & Stripes built by police department members.  It will be mounted on a patriotic decorated trailer pulled by the police pick-up truck.

Police department members walking alongside the truck will be handing out small trinkets and treats to all.

See you there!, null, Bath Township was named as one of the 50 safest communities in Ohio.  You may read more at the link below., The sun is just over the horizon at the Bath Nature Preseve at 5:30 a.m.  The young buck was keeping watch on a hilltop.

Lower dew points and temperatures in the low 80's are predicted. Going to be a great week!, ***MISSING DOG***

"Tucker" is missing from the 800-B of N. Medina Line Road in Bath Township.  He is approximately 7 months old.  Please call Bath Police if found 330.666.3736., Please note the message just posted on our NextDoor neighborhood watch forum: 

Lost--10 month old blue tic hound puppy. No tags. Left home in the 750/800 block of N Medina Line Road a few hours ago. Belongs to my neighbor. Scared of thunder. 

Call the Bath PD at 330-666-3736 if you find the dog.  We will notify the resident who posted the message., Ofc. D. Reilly successfully deployed stop sticks on N. Cleveland-Massillon Rd at Ghent Hills Rd. at 2:25 a.m. today to stop a vehicle traveling at 109 miles per hour.  The vehicle had fled from Richfield Police on Wheatley Rd. at Brecksville Rd.

The 26 year old Akron man was taken into custody without incident.  He was turned over to Richfield Police.

Thanks to the excellent work by Ofc. Reilly no innocent citizens were harmed., The sun is shining brightly on the Revere High School football stadium on Saturday morning.  The first home game of the 2015 season is on Sept. 11 vs. Normandy High School.  We look forward to Coach Mike Murphey and the Minutemen having a great season!, Morning rush hour in Bath!  We were able to round them up and safely return the herd home., Bath Police with the assistance of surrounding law enforcement agencies apprehended three Akron juveniles after a three hour manhunt in the southwest corner of Bath.

The juveniles drove a stolen truck to the Arbour Green neighborhood and burglarized a home.  They started both of the resident's cars in the garage and attempted to steal them.  One suspect crashed a car backing out of the garage.  All three juveniles ran on foot.

Bath Police set up a perimeter in the neighborhood and began a search.  We were joined by Copley Police, Richfield Police, Medina County Sheriff's Deputies, Brecksville Police and the Ohio State Highway Patrol.

OSHP Sgt. Timberlake and Trp. J. Baker with canine Paco flushed the suspects from a wooded area in Arbour Green into Medina County. A citizen reported observing the subjects off Waterside Drive.

The suspects fled into the woods in the Granger Twp. neighborhood.  Brecksville PD Ofc. M. Bauman and canine Peto eventually apprehended two of the juveniles.

The third suspect fled back into Bath on foot.  Police again set up a perimeter of a wooded area.  Ofc. Bauman and Peto chased the third juvenile who jumped into a lake. The suspect surrendered under the watchful presence of Peto.

The juveniles were charged with the burglary of the home.  They are also connected to a similar burglary in the same neighborhood last week.    

Thanks to all the residents for their assistance.  Many thanks to Copley PD, Medina County S.O., OSHP, Richfield PD, and Brecksville PD.  Great teamwork!!!, Senior Safety Fair being held in Stow next Tuesday, July 14th at 11am., Have a safe Independence Day!, Missing person from Bath Twp. - George Lasecki. Last heard from on Tuesday morning.  George is driving a 2004 Beige 4 door Ford Taurus with license plate DAC8116. Please call Bath Police 330-666-3736 with any information on this individual. Thanks, Sometimes homemade thank-you cards are the best!  The children from our local Kinder Care Learning Center made this one for Ofc. Gabel after his recent visit., 4th of July Pet Safety Tips:

Get your pets inside well before it gets dark. Even outdoor cats should be brought inside for the night.

Close up your house - scared animals are great escape artists and will find a way out.

To lessen the startling boom of fireworks, leave on the TV or radio for background noise.

Make sure your animals are wearing ID tags and if they're microchipped that the information is up to date.

If you do lose your pet, don't wait to start looking. Knock on doors, call the Bath Police, and post a picture on Facebook.

Don't leave alcoholic beverages when animals can reach them. Pets get drunk too and it's not fun or safe for them.

Keep matches, lighter fluid, and citronella products out of reach. All contain chemicals that can be dangerous for pets.

Kids  like glow jewelry. Pets don't. The luminescent chemicals can cause gastrointestinal irritation and you don't want them eating the plastic tubing and connectors either., A beautiful sunrise this morning in Bath, Ohio, The Bath Police Dept. was one of 30 law enforcement agencies from across the United States to attend the Law Enforcement Leadership Institute on Juvenile Justice at Yale University this week.
 
The Leadership Institute offered participating law enforcement agencies the tools to improve their department's response to juvenile offenders and at-risk youth and to engage in effective collaboration on juvenile justice reform in their communities.  

We were introduced to cutting edge juvenile justice practices and  worked closely with institute faculty to assess our current response to young people. 

The Institute was hosted by the International Association of Chiefs of Police with funding provided by the MacArthur Foundation.

The photos include the Yale University School of Law., IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT; PLEASE SHARE!
The 71st Annual Bath Fire Department Horse Show JUNE 27th & JUNE 28th has been RELOCATED to the Bath Pony Club Grounds located at:

Allardale East
141 Remsen Rd
Medina, OH 44256

-The Bath Pony Club Grounds have TWO large rings with ALL WEATHER FOOTING
-Show will be held RAIN OR SHINE.
-Starting time of 9:00am and ALL information on the current showbill remains the same except for location.
-There will be a large warm up ring with all weather footing available for use.
-The Bath Pony Club Grounds are located just a few minutes from the Bath Fire Department Show Grounds and are located within a beautiful 200 acre parcel of park land.

We wish to thank Bath Pony Club and COSCA for their support in relocating the show.
There will be signs and Firefighters located at the Bath Fire Department Show Grounds to notify anyone who arrives at that location and hand them directions to the nearby Bath Pony Club Grounds.

Due to concerns about the quality of the footing at the Bath Fire Department Show Grounds, we had to make the decision to relocate the show. There has been a high volume of rain in this area, causing the decision to move to the MUCH larger Bath Pony Club Grounds, located just a few minutes away from the Fire Department Show Grounds. The Pony Club Grounds have TWO all weather rings that hold up beautifully in rainy weather and MUCH more space. The riders will be able to use one of the all weather show rings to warm up in. It's a Beautiful location and I am confident riders and horses will appreciate the move.

Please contact us if you have questions or need more information.

Bath Fire Department
Firefighter Tim Baker, Horse Show Secretary
330-666-3738, The Bath PD-Copley PD "Hidden in Plain Sight" community outreach program has now been replicated in New Jersey.

The Bath PD-Copley PD program, recognized as the 2015 Ohio Crime Prevention Program of the Year, is now being presented in Louisiana and New Jersey.  Bath PD-Copley PD Youth Services employee Marcie Mason and her team are making a positive difference in many lives.  Thank you Marcie and team!, Parents gathered together today for the last day of the 2015 Bath Safety Town program.  84 children were enrolled this year bringing the cumulative total to 3,345 children having participated since 1977.

The program introduces the child to basic safety practices and includes interaction with both Bath Police & Firemen.

We had a great time and look forward to seeing the children this fall at school.  Thank you to all who have supported the program over the years!, Bath PD is attempting to identify these two males who stole a shopping cart full of Red Bull from a Bath grocery store.  The suspects entered the store on Sat., June 13 at 9:30 p.m.  They boldly loaded the cart up and left without paying.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Ofc. Ben Falconer at 330-666-3736., ******FEMALE HAS BEEN LOCATED AND IS SAFE*******

****MISSING FROM BATH***

Chloe Miller, 18 years of age, 5'6", 121 lbs, Brown Hair and Green Eyes

Ms. Miller's last known location was Starbuck's in Montrose on Sunday, June 14, 2015 at 8:10pm.

Please contact Bath Police at 330.666.3736 is you have any information., Several Bath PD members are cross-trained in the Fire/EMS service.  Bath Communication Specialist Angela Potter and her canine Ahrens also serve with the Granger Twp. Fire Dept.

Today they participated at Public Safety Day at Nickajack Farms.  C/S Potter teaches Fire Safety to young children.  Both she and Ahrens enjoyed meeting many young boys and girls today at the fun-filled event!, BURGLAR ALERT-  A white female 20-30 years old approached a senior citizen on her front porch in Richfield today.  The female engaged the citizen in conversation about tree trimming.  The female's accomplice entered the home during the distraction and stole a safe.  They left in a white van.

Similar burglaries have occurred in Peninsula and Painesville.

Bath residents are encouraged to report any similar suspicious persons or vehicles to us immediately at 9-1-1.  There are many variations to the distraction burglary.  Be alert and stay safe!, Ofc. L. Watson located a missing 79 year old Medina County man at 2:18 a.m. this morning while on patrol in the southwest section of Bath.  

Ofc. Watson noticed the man driving extremely slow on S.R. 18.  He stopped the vehicle to inquire if the man needed assistance.  He learned the man had been reported missing at 6:30 p.m. Wednesday night by his family.

The man indicated he had been shopping in Akron.  His family indicated he was to have been at a baseball game in Richfield.  A police data base indicated an inquiry had been made on his license plate in Broadview Heights.     

Ofc. Watson was able to reunite the man with his family.  We were pleased to be able to return the man to his family!, null, Jackson Township PD has a unique vehicle used to inform the public about the dangers of drinking and driving.   We enjoyed viewing the hybrid at Belden Village Mall last weekend., AVON, Ohio -- Police and local FBI investigators are searching for a pair of Avon girls who went missing Saturday.

Avon police said Sophia Rogers, 2, and Autumn Shreve, 12, disappeared from a Chester Road apartment complex about 4 p.m. Saturday.

Sophia is 3 feet 3 inches tall and 32 pounds, with brown hair and blue eyes. She was last wearing a pink North Face jacket and gray tennis shoes with sparkles on the sides. 

Autumn is 5 feet 2 inches tall and 135 pounds, with auburn hair and brown eyes. She was wearing dark blue jean shorts and pink Nike sandals.  (Cleveland Plain Dealer), This dog was located on Ira Rd. The dog has several tags but will not allow anyone to get close enough to read them. If anyone knows the owner of this pet please contact us at 330-666-3736., Cleve Mass Rd at Shade Rd. is now open for all lanes of travel., Injury traffic accident on Cleve Mass Rd at Shade Rd. All lanes are shut down for this time. Please find an alternate route of travel, Congratulations to the 2015 Bath Elementary DARE graduates!  Many thanks to the Revere Staff & Parents as well as Richfield PD Officer Mike Simmons.  A tremendous partnership this year, Ofc. D. Reilly arrested a N. Royalton woman Thursday evening after she stole a resident's purse from a grocery store shopping cart.  The officer was able to retrieve the purse containing credit cards, cash, and cell phone after tracking the suspect to Fairlawn.  

We recommend shoppers not place purses or valuables in shopping carts., The intersection of Rt 18 and Cleve-Mass Rd has turned into a four-way stop...traffic lights are on flash in all directions and will remain that way until ODOT can correct the situation.  All four directions of travel must stop and treat this as a four-way stop!, The National Weather Service will be monitoring the potential for severe weather and high winds this evening. This tree on Clouse Dr was the first casualty of the strong winds. Be safe in your travels today!, Bath PD is seeking to identify the man in the picture.  He was present during an alleged theft from Game Stop on Medina Rd. on May 22. A Sony Play Station 4 was removed from the store. Anyone knowing his identity is asked to contact Ofc. Ben Falconer at 330-665-6923 or 330-666-3736., The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children estimates that almost 800,000 children are reported missing in a one year time period, more than 2,100 children a day. Over 300,000 of these missing children are the victims of family abductions and over 58,000 are victims of family friends or family acquaintances. An estimated 115 children are the victims of kidnappings where the child is abducted by a stranger.  There are great safety tips to follow in the below picture., All gave some...Some gave all.  We remember our military members every day., Bath PD found a young, female, lab mix, approx. 30 lbs. at the 3800 Block of W. Bath Rd. with a foot injury. She was taken to Metropolitan Animal Hospital in Copley.  Please contact:  330-666-2976., Warm weather is here.  Please consider the safety of our pets when stopping at the local stores., Condolences to the families of the Hattiesburg, Mississippi Police Officers on Mothers Day., Computer problems? Crimeware infects one-third of computers worldwide. The Anti-Phishing Working Group (APWG) reported that 23.5 million malware variants were detected in the fourth quarter of 2014, setting a new record that was up 59 percent from the second quarter of 2014. According to researchers, the retail/service industry was the most targeted sector, specifically through payment services., The Bath PD offers its support to the family of Ally Willen and the Revere community.  The 2012 Revere graduate is missing on a hiking excursion in New Zealand.  See the Beacon Journal for details., Cinco de Mayo has become a big night out for many, particularly among young adults. But it is also a very dangerous night out because of alcohol-impaired drivers. Those celebrating should be sure to designate their sober driver in advance - before the festivities begin., Congratulations to Marcie Mason, Det. Paul Webb, Ofc. Duane Scott, Ofc. Sarah Shendy and Communication Specialist Lisa Baker.  Their "Hidden in Plain Sight" drug prevention/awareness program received the Ohio Crime Prevention Association's 2015 Special Project Award this morning in Dublin, Ohio., The Bath, Richfield, and Revere communities will be participating in Project Pride on Saturday, April 25 from 9 a.m. until noon.  Residents and students will be collecting trash along roadways in both communities.  Please be alert to volunteers on the roads., Join us on Saturday, May 16, 1 p.m.-4 p.m. at Summit Mall for National Missing Children’s Day.  This event, organized by GASP, will have free educational materials available. 

This annual day was established by President Reagan in 1983, dedicated to encouraging parents, guardians, caregivers, and others concerned with the well-being of children to make child safety a priority., Happy Birthday Mackenzie!!!, Lost on Revere Rd between Shade and Ira. White german shepherd/husky mix. Her name is Andrea. She has a black collar with no tags. Please respond to Jennifer Skala if you have seen her. Family misses her greatly. Thank you!, Traffic accident at the intersection of Ira Rd and Revere Rd. Please find an alternate route of travel!, The FBI is seeking information which will lead to the identification of an unknown individual known as John Doe 29. It is believed that this individual may have critical information pertaining to the identity of a child victim in an ongoing sexual exploitation investigation.

Images containing John Doe 29 first came to the attention of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children in January of 2008.

John Doe 29 is described as a male with a tan complexion, likely between the ages of 30 and 45, with dark hair.  Anyone with information should contact the local FBI Office.  

The man, dubbed John Doe 29, is not being accused of abusing the girl, but investigators are hoping to interview him about the location of the victim—the ultimate goal is to rescue the child., For those of you that venture south from beautiful Bath Township....here are some new roadway restrictions that go into effect next Thursday, April 23.  Plan your new routes accordingly!! 

The following permanent closures will be in place beginning on Thursday, April 23, at the SR 21 and Minor Rd. interchange.
• SR 21 southbound to Minor Rd. eastbound will be closed. The detour is SR 21 south to SR 261 to SR 21 north.
• SR 21 northbound to Minor Rd. westbound will be closed. The detour is SR 21 north to SR 162/Copley Rd. to SR 21 south.
• Minor Rd. eastbound to SR 21 northbound will be closed. The detour is SR 21 south to SR 261 to SR 21 north. 
• Minor Rd. westbound to SR 21 southbound will be closed. The detour is SR 21 north to SR 162/Copley Rd. to SR 21 south.

The following movements on Minor Rd. will remain open.
• Minor Rd. westbound to SR 21 northbound.
• Minor Rd. eastbound to SR 21 southbound., The Bath Township Police Department and the Copley Police Department are the 2015 Award Winner for the Ohio Crime Prevention Association's Crime Prevention Special Project Award for their Hidden In Plain Sight Program.  

Hidden in Plain Sight is an interactive display of a teen's bedroom.  The room features everyday items used by teens for drug abuse and other risky behaviors.

Bath-Copley Youth Services employee Marcie Mason leads the program.  She is assisted by Copley PD Ofc. Duane Scott, Ofc. Sarah Shendy, Det. Paul Webb and Bath PD Communication Specialist Lisa Baker.

The Hidden in Plain Sight team has made 109 presentations to over 6,000 citizens in three years.  

The HIPS team will receive the Crime Prevention Special Project Award on April 27 at the OCPA Conference in Dublin, Ohio., This dog was found on Shaw Rd. Thursday morning.  Anyone knowing its identity may call us at 330-666-3736 and we will contact the Bath resident who found this nice pet., A family in Norton receives help from some Norton Police officers after the children in the video give from their own Easter baskets to the officers helping the family. Way to go Norton PD!, Bath Officers apprehended three Richfield teens after they crashed a stolen auto in a ditch at N. Cleveland-Massillon Rd and Yellow Creek Rd. at 1 a.m. Saturday morning.  The suspects had fled in the car from the area of Ira Rd.  They passed autos on the double yellow line with no headlights on while fleeing from police.  Ofc. R. Griffith did not pursue the vehicle due to the teens reckless behavior.

The car was found in the ditch by a Bath Township Service employee on snow detail.  He alerted officers who set a perimeter in the area and began searching on foot.

The three suspects were apprehended by Ofc. D Reilly after a foot chase in the Sparrow Pond neighborhood.  All were charged with multiple criminal offenses.  The arrests were made with no use of force by police.  The teens were returned to their parents., null, null, null, Bath Township will participate in a statewide tornado drill and test its Emergency Alert System (EAS) on Friday, March 6 at 9:50 a.m. During this time, Ohio counties will sound and test their outdoor warning sirens. Schools, businesses and households are encouraged to practice their tornado drills and emergency plans.

During tornado drills or actual tornado warnings, remember to DUCK!
D – Go DOWN to the lowest level
U – Get UNDER something (like a basement staircase or heavy table or desk)
C – COVER your head
K – KEEP in shelter until the storm has passed, We were very honored to receive the large thank-you card from the St. Victor's Church Youth Group.  The Rev. Allen Corrigan has made a positive difference with our youth.  Thank you!!!, null, The Revere Jr. Girl Scout Troop 90640 hosted the World Thinking Day celebration today at Bath Elementary School.  The scouts had exhibits, fun activities and international cuisine.

The scouts did an excellent job!  Thanks to all the parents and volunteers who contributed to make the program a success.  The BPD was happy to participate., Thefts occurred in Bath on Springside Dr. Suspects driving 2014 Ford Fusion Missouri tag UJ0B3Y. Call 9-1-1 if seen., Good morning Bath!  We are prepared to respond to offer assistance to the community as we endure some of the coldest temperatures in recent memory.  As of 4 a.m. there are no known power outages.  Roadways are wet but passable.

Some preventive tips for this dangerous cold include protecting water pipes.  Keep your water lines from freezing by allowing cold water to drip from faucets.  When using alternative heating sources be alert to carbon monoxide poisioning.  Symptoms include headache, dizziness, fatigue, nausea, confusion, and drowsiness.  If you are experiencing these symptoms, leave the home and call 9-1-1.

Prepare for travel by equipping your car with blankets, gloves, hats, and bottled water.  Don't forget a cell phone charger and jumper cables.  Call the Bath PD on 9-1-1 if you become stranded on our roadways.  A police officer will respond to assist you.  Be aware it only takes minutes for hypothermia to occur if you leave your car to walk for assistance., The below e-mail was received by the Police Department e-mail today.  This is a scam!   DO NOT click on the section that states "Click Here".  Ignore and delete this e-mail if received.

                                 ***SCAM***
  
Dear User,

Due to recent Upgrade from our database system, it is mandatory that
you provide the IRS with accurate details to avoid visits or Tax Audits.

Click Here to IRS Update

As this e-mail is an automated message, we can't reply to any e-mails sent by return.
-----------------------------------------
© 2015 Internal Revenue Service - All rights reserved, null, The Avon Foundation for Women and No More are partnering with leaders in the areas of domestic violence and sexual assault to bring you the tools and knowledge to speak out in your community. 

It starts with you.

First, recognize the signs of abuse or violence. Next, start conversations to end the silence around domestic violence and sexual assault in your workplaces, schools, homes, and communities. Respond to help a child, teen, or adult who may be experiencing domestic violence, dating abuse or sexual assault. Then, take action in your life to help end the violence.

Thank you for not accepting excuses. Thank you for speaking out. Thank you for doing something, and for not simply standing by., Thank you to everyone who helped to find Brutus.  Can you help with Sadie?  She is missing from Copley in the area of S. Cleve-Mass Rd. and Ridgewood Rd.  Sadie is a black lab mix wearing a pink collar.  Sadie has been missing for nearly two weeks.  Thanks!  --UPDATE--***SADIE WAS LOCATED***, Brutus has been missing since Friday at 5 p.m. from the Snow residence in the 3900 block of W. Bath Rd.  Anyone knowing his whereabouts is asked to contact the Bath Police at 330-666-3736.  We will reunite him with the owner.  Thanks!, Alan Brubaker, P.E., P.S., Summit County Engineer, would like to alert residents and motorists of a closure of Yellow Creek Road, between Revere Road and Sand Run Road, starting Tuesday, January 27 at 7:00am and ending Friday, January 30 at 9:00am. Motorists should anticipate using the posted detour routes. 

The closure is necessary because the engineering firm GPD Group will be conducting soil borings in order to design a repair for the worsening roadway embankment landslide. The slope failure has reached the pavement of the now closed westbound travel lane. Yellow Creek Road between Revere Road and Sand Run Road is now a one-lane road with alternating traffic flows being controlled by signals. 

The Summit County Engineer’s office recently contracted with GPD Group to design a repair plan for the landslide. The engineering firm is preparing plans, specifications, and cost projections for an extension of the existing retaining wall system in place on Yellow Creek Road. 

The official detour for the closure will extend from Revere Road to Smith Road to Sand Run Road. Detour routes will be posted. All work is subject to inclement weather, The Bath Nature Preserve trails are a great place to spend a winter day.  This view from the bridge near the Sled Ride Hill is actually a color photo.  Join us on Sunday, February 8 for the Bath Parks Chill on the Hill.  There will be sledding, hot chocolate, and plenty of fun!, A review of 2014 reported crimes in Bath Township found virtually no change from 2013 in those crimes tracked by the FBI Uniform Crime Reporting program.  A total of 148 crimes were reported.  Five were crimes of violence: 1 Attempt Robbery; 2 Rapes; and 2 Aggravated Assaults.  143 crimes were property crimes: 16 Burglaries; 126 Thefts; and 1 Stolen Auto.  All suspects in the crimes of violence were identified.  These relatively low numbers for a community our size are due to the cooperation and support of the community.

We look forward to working with our residents and business community in 2015 to keep Bath safe!  Thank you for your support!, The telephone problems have been corrected.  For an EMERGENCY you should call 9-1-1.  The non-emergency number for Bath Police is 330-666-3736.  Disregard the temporary numbers provided last night.
Thank you for your understanding., Our 911 phone lines are currently down again. Please call 330.730.5554 or 330.612.3669 if you have an emergency., Our 911 phone lines are up and running :), Our 911 phone lines are down.  Please call 330.730.5554 or 330.612.3669 if you have an emergency., O-H-I-O, A tractor-trailer has overturned on I-77 at Ghent Rd.  Please move to your left lane if traveling north., Alan Brubaker, P.E., P.S., Summit County Engineer, would like to alert residents and motorists of a two-day closure of Yellow Creek Road, between Revere Road and Sand Run Road, located in Bath Township. The road will be closed on January 13th and January 14th. Motorists should anticipate using detour routes, The National Weather Service has issued a Winter Weather Advisory for Saturday, Jan 3,2015 from 6am-10am.  This advisory is for freezing rain. Various surfaces will become covered with a glaze of ice and poses a threat for traffic accidents and falls.  Please use caution if venturing out tomorrow.  Also make sure elderly family members are aware of the icy situation and don't try to venture out to get the mail/paper during these hours!, Just a quick FYI - Cleveland Massillon Rd will be shut down for an unknown amount of time.  A large piece of machinery is stuck and tow trucks are on the way to assist with the movement of the machinery!  The roadway is closed at Embassy Pkwy & Springside Dr. Please avoid this area!, Piper lost her way on Christmas Day and the owner notified Bath Police.  Due to Bath residents who posted  notices on both Facebook and NextDoor, Bath Communication Specialist Brogan was able to notify the owner as to where Piper was located.  Thank you to our residents who cared for Piper and those who helped by utilizing social media to bring her home!, null, A Bath Police Officer on foot patrol at the West Market Plaza observed a North Pole Fire Department truck parked near the shoe store.  Citizens reported seeing a man in a red coat and white beard driving the vehicle.  Santa?, Ofc. Rob Young joined many other Northeast Ohio law enforcement officers in escorting hundreds of children on a holiday shopping trip this morning.  Officers ended the morning by eating lunch with our guests at a local school.  We appreciate all who supported our efforts!   Thank you and have a safe holiday season !!!, Ofc. Van Fossen and Ofc. Reilly apprehended this 31 year old man burglarizing a Harmony Hills residence on Dec. 3 at 5:30 p.m.  The man was armed with a stolen handgun.  Officers also recovered property from the subject taken in a Brecksville burglary.  He was booked into the Summit County Jail., The Shaw Rd. Bridge replacement opened today after the existing bridge was washed away by the May 12th floods.  The Summit County Engineer's Office handled the project.  We appreciate everyone's efforts in the continued recovery from the tremendous summer storm., Ofc. Lane Watson spotted a small flame coming from a home in the 700 blk of N. Cleveland-Massillon Rd. at 2:13 a.m. this morning.  He immediately notified dispatch of the fire.  Ofc. Watson responded to the front door and began beating on it to awaken the occupant.  He was able to alert the lone occupant and his dog in time to escape the fire.  The home erupted into a fully involved fire immediately after the rescue.

The Bath Fire Department did a tremendous job to bring the fire under control.  The occupant suffered a minor burn., null, null, Normal telephone service has been restored to the Bath Communications Center.  The Non-Emergency Police Department number is 330-666-3736.  The 9-1-1 Police & Fire Emergency line is fully functional., Happy Thanksgiving!  We are thankful to be members of a compassionate and caring community., UPDATE:  11-28-2014 at 3:15pm
** The phone lines are ALL back in service at this time **
**Please do not use the previously posted cell numbers, as they will no longer be monitored soon.  Thank You **

The wind storms on Monday damaged the telephone lines to the Bath Communications Center.  Temporary lines for NON-EMERGENCY Police & Fire calls have been established.  Those numbers are: XXXXXXXXXX.

Citizens with EMERGENCIES can still dial 9-1-1.  Those calls will be answered by XXXXX.

The telephone companies are working to repair our service., Phone and 911 lines are still out of service at Bath Police Department.  Please contact Fairlawn Police at 330-666-8871 with any emergencies.  We do not have a time frame for repair of the phone lines.  We will keep you updated when we hear any updates., Good afternoon,  Bath Township Police Department has lost all phone lines and 911 lines.  911 calls are currently rolling over to the City of Fairlawn. If you have an emergency contact FAIRLAWN POLICE 330-666-8871.  We will try to monitor Facebook as best we can if you happen to find an issue on the roadway!, Please join us December 6, 2014, to help support a worthy cause!, Ofc. R. Griffith arrested an intoxicated 52 year old Canton man at 12:04 a.m. on Saturday after a witness reported the subject exited I-77 at the northbound rest area driving approximately 65 mph.  The vehicle struck a traffic sign and came to rest in a ditch.  The man was found to have a .22 cal handgun in his pants pocket and a 9 mm handgun in the car's center console.  Officers also located two pairs of handcuffs and a bottle of Tequilla inside the car.  The Canton man was booked into the Summit County Jail., Rest in Peace Ofc. Justin Winebrenner, Akron PD.  You will never be forgotten.    

Thank you to all the citizens who lined the procession route.  The support from the Akron community was greatly appreciated.

Photo by Karen Schiely, Akron Beacon Journal., http://www.fbi.gov/scams-safety/e-scams/e-scams

FBI's Holiday Shopping tips as well as ongoing scams., Fox 8 Cleveland's , Tracie McCool, reports on safety tips to protect your children utilizing their electronic devices. This is timely safety information for the holiday season. The report features the recent Bath PD crime prevention program hosted at the Montrose Acme Fresh Market., The Summit County Shop with a Cop program was developed to  foster a positive relationship between our youth and local police officers.  Each year a group of deserving children are selected and escorted by local police officers from the Summit County area to Walmart where they are given gift cards to go shopping for themselves and family members.  The children are treated to breakfast then escorted in a caravan of police cruisers to Walmart and the day is topped off with a pizza party.   

The purchasing of raffle tickets will help Shop with a Cop fund this positive and fun experience for the kids. To purchase raffle tickets contact Officer Rob Young, ryoung@bathtownship.org, Dispatchers Matt Beck, mbeck@bathtownship.org or Lisa Baker, ebaker@bathtownship.org., null, null, Scam Alert-  A Bath resident received a call on his answering machine from a male identifying himself as John from the IRS.  The resident is told a federal action has been filed against him and he needs to return the call at 253-204-7575.  The caller threatens to arrest the resident if he does not return the call.   This is an obvious SCAM.  Do not return these calls.  Hang up on the caller if you answer the phone.  Hang up on John if he tries to engage you in conversation., Congratulations to Bath Elementary student Caroline Mizer on completing the Girls on the Run 5k this morning at Lock 3!, We have been notified by a resident of an individual who is sending letters to our residents offering to purchase homes.  The letters are being mailed to the resident and are addressed with the home's mailing address.  The letter is handwritten and the envelope is not sealed.  There is a return address label on the back of the envelope with a Killian Rd address in Akron.  At this time we have found no reason to be alarmed about the letter.  The individual is attempting to purchase homes in the area, is an employee of Liberty Leasing  and has not violated any laws., Traffic accident I 77 NB between Cleve-Mass Rd overpass and Ghent Rd. Please use right lane and use caution as the accident is on both sides of the highway!, Thank you to all who attended the "Monitor Devices for Safety" presentations at the Montrose Acme.  Over 100 people attended the presentation by Bath PD Ofc. Eric Shaffer and Verizon.  Parents learned about the different Apps their children are utilizing on phones and electronic devices.  More importantly the various Apps available to safeguard your children were discussed., The Bath Fire Department is a local drop off site for Toys for Tots this year.  Collection dates are now through Tuesday, December 9, 2014  If you would like to donate, Toys for Tots is asking for new unwrapped toys.  Thanks!, Summit County Prosecutor Walsh is providing a free Mother/Daughter Self Defense class on Thursday, November 6th, 2014 from 6:30pm - 8:00pm.  The class will be held in the gymnasium of Copley High School (3807 Ridgewood Road, Copley 44321., The Bath PD and CROSSFIT have partnered together to collect donations for the Summit-Medina Battered Woman's Shelter.  BPD will be accepting donations of paper towels, toilet tissue, Puffs tissues, and 30 gallon trash bags.  Stop by the new CROSSFIT location at 537 N. Cleveland-Massillon Rd. on Sat., Oct 25, 3 p.m.-5p.m.  October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month., null, In response to the information that the latest diagnosed ebola victim has recently traveled and visited family in Summit County, Ohio, Summit County Public Health has established an information line for the public.  The call-line is 330-926-3939.

This local ebola information line will be staffed from 8 a.m to 9 p.m. until further notice., TRAFFIC ADVISORY - Crystal Lake Road will be closed between Granger Road and Embassy Parkway due to downed trees and power lines.  First Energy is on the scene, but reporting that it may take up to 5 hours to clear and repair the damage.  Please seek alternate routes this evening., Ofc. L. Watson arrested a Bath resident for Operating a Vehicle Under the Influence after he crashed his vehicle at 2:30 a.m. this morning.  The vehicle was observed traveling in excess of 60 mph on Medina Rd. near Acme.  The officer found the car minutes later at Medina Rd. & Crystal Lake Rd. into the sign.  No one was hurt., Bath PD officers responded to the area of Wye Rd. & Sanctuary Drive at 2:50 a.m. this morning for reports of suspicious activity.  They found a Ravenna woman and Newton Falls man in the back yard of a Wye Rd. home.  A Fairlawn PD officer found a Youngstown man naked inside a car on Sanctuary Drive.  All three subjects were suffering from the effects of a drug overdose.  One subject indicated that had taken "acid" somewhere in Akron.  None of them had an idea where they were at the time stopped by Bath & Fairlawn PD.

All three subjects were transported to area hospitals for treatment., October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month.  The recognition evolved from the Day of Unity conceived by the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence in October 1981. The goal was to connect advocates across the nation who were working to end violence against women and their children. The Day of Unity soon became an entire month devoted to a range of activities conducted at the local, state, and national levels.

Bath PD has responded to 32 domestic disturbance calls in 2014.  Seven calls have been actual acts of domestic violence.  Bath PD has made arrests in 6 of the 7 domestic violence crimes.  Prosecution was declined in the seventh case., Missing Dog from the Crystal Shores area - "Tweety" - Toy Rat Terrier wearing a pink electric fence collar.  Tweety weighs approximately 9 lbs.  Please call 330.666.3736 if you have any information., Ohio's 2014 White-Tailed Deer Archery Hunting Season begins on Saturday, Sept. 27 and ends on Feb. 1, 2015.  Youth Gun white-tailed deer hunting season is Nov. 22 and Nov 23, 2014.  Gun white-tailed deer hunting season is Dec. 1 - Dec. 7, 2014.  Hunting is prohibited in Bath Township within 1/2 mile of the Bath Nature Preserve. Visit www.wildohio.gov for complete regulations., The Bath PD looks forward to participating at the Bath Parks "Fall Into Nature" event on Saturday, Oct. 11, 11 a.m.- 3 p.m., at the Bath Nature Preserve.  We will have Halloween Safety information for parents and children.  Kids are invited to make pumpkin pine cones with the officers.  See you there!, Join us for a Bath Parks fundraiser at the Montrose Chipotle on Wed., Sept. 17, between 4 p.m. and 7 p.m.  50% of the proceeds will be donated to the Bath Parks., Bath PD responded to a missing child call Friday afternoon at 5:22 p.m. on Walnut Ridge Dr.  Thanks to the efforts of the community, Bath PD & FD, Fairlawn PD, and the Montville PD K-9 the young man was located unharmed on West Point Dr. at 7:00 p.m.  He was reunited with his parents.   Many thanks to all who assisted!, Officers responded to I-77 south near the rest area at 11:19 p.m. Thursday night for reports of a man riding a bicycle on the interstate.  Ofc. Griffith stopped the 27 year old Cleveland man for the violation.  A computer inquiry found the man to be wanted by the State of Ohio for a robbery parole violation.  He is now in the Summit County Jail., National Preparedness Month

Week 1 - How to Reconnect with Family After a Disaster

Please use the below forms to assist your family during a disaster. 

       Parents - http://www.fema.gov/media-library-data/0e3ef555f66e22ab832e284f826c2e9e/FEMA_plan_parent_508_071513.pdf
       
      Children- http://www.fema.gov/media-library-data/a260e5fb242216dc62ae380946806677/FEMA_plan_child_508_071513.pdf, September is National Preparedness Month.  FEMA has tools to help you and your family prepare before a disaster strikes.  Visit their website at www.ready.gov and https://www.thunderclap.it/projects/15327-be-disaster-aware-prepare?locale=en , Where a highway has been divided into four or more traffic lanes, a driver of a vehicle, streetcar, or trackless trolley need not stop for a school bus approaching from the opposite direction which has stopped for the purpose of receiving or discharging any school child.  The picture shows when you are required to stop for a school bus with its red lights activated., A resident is missing her male tabby cat in the area of Ira Rd. and Kemery Rd.  The tabby is described as black, gray, and white in color.  Anyone finding the missing cat may contact us at 330-666-3736.  We will notify it's owner.  Thanks!, We look forward to the opening of our local schools.  Herberich Primary and Old Trail School open on August 26.  The Revere Local Schools return on August 28.  A reminder-the speed limit is 20 mph in school zones while students are going to or leaving school during the opening or closing hours and during recess.  A school zone is that portion of the street encompassed by projecting the school property lines to the street.  Let's make this a safe opening week!, "Malcolm" is a blond kitty, missing from the Bath area since 8/10/14.  He is 11 pounds and has gold eyes.  Please call 216.272.1541 if located., I-77 south is being closed at S.R. 21 due to a multiple vehicle accident with serious injury.  Detour is 21 south to I-76 east back to I-77.  Ohio State Highway Patrol is enroute., The Rolling Thunder Motorcycle rally will pass through Bath Township on Saturday, August 16.  They will travel north on Cleve-Mass Rd. from Montrose to Wheatley Rd. around 10:20 a.m.  The group will return south on Cleve-Mass Rd. at approximately 12:20 p.m.  Residents may hear an increased volume of noise.  Motorists should be alert to the increased traffic., Bath PD is currently on scene at the Akron Court Yard where an elderly female with possible Alzheimer's is unable to locate her loved ones. She stated her name is possibly, "Marjorie Stebane." and she is staying with a male by the name of, "Jim."  We are unable to locate a room or a party she is staying with. She is a white female, 4'10" and 110-115 lb. with short white hair. She is currently wearing a grey sweatshirt with a pink shirt underneath and blue jeans. If you recognize this female or know her relatives, please contact Bath PD at 330-666-3736., A candlelight vigil will be held this evening at 8:30pm in memory of Katherine Babak.  The vigil will take place in the parking lot of Revere High School near the baseball field flagpole.  The pastor of Cross Point Church and students will speak at the vigil., The members of the Bath Police Department offer our condolences to the family of Katherine Babak.  You and the Revere Community have our support during this difficult time., Traffic Alert-  N. Cleve-Mass Rd will be closed between Ira Rd. and W. Bath Rd. on Saturday, August 2 between 10:50 a.m. and 11:50 a.m. for the Bath Community Day Parade.  The detour from the north is Ira Rd. west to Hametown Rd., south to Granger Rd., east to N. Cleve-Mass Rd.  The detour from the south is just the opposite.

We look forward to seeing everyone attending the event!, null, null, Traffic accident on Rt 18 near I 77 WB. Far left lane is shut down and will remain closed for a little while. Please move to the right!, The Bath PD is accepting applications for the part-time police Officer position.  The minimum requirements include an Associates Degree in Criminal Justice; completion of the Ohio Peace Officers Basic Training Academy and current state certification; and valid Ohio Drivers License.

All applicants must pass a selection process which includes: physical fitness test (Cooper Standards); background investigation; polygraph examination, and the ability to pass a pre-employment drug test.  After an offer of conditional employment, applicants must pass a psychological and medical examination.

The hourly salary is $16.06 during the field training period and $20.81 upon completion of the field training.

Applications may be found on-line at www.bathtownship.org or picked up in person at 3864 W. Bath Rd., Akron.  Deadline is August 1, 2014., The dogs have been located and returned as of 7-17-14.  Thanks for your assistance., For those of you who travel to Bath from the southern portion of the county.....

Summit County
Weekly Traffic Advisory

State Route 21 in Copley Township and the City of Norton

(Friday, July 11 – Monday, July 14)

Beginning on Friday, July 11, at 6 p.m. through Monday, July 14, at 6 a.m. SR 21 northbound will be CLOSED between I-76 and SR 162/Copley Rd. for culvert replacements. This closure is weather dependent. 
As part of this closure the following ramps will be closed: 
• I-76 eastbound and westbound to SR 21 northbound 
• SR 261 to SR 21 northbound, Injury accident in the intersection of Medina RD(Rt 18) and Cleve Mass RD. Please avoid this intersection!, This pup was found tied to a street sign, near O'neil Woods Park on Bath Rd. Please call Bath PD if you know the owners! 330-666-3736, Copley Police/Fire reporting a rollover accident 21 NB @ Copley Rd. 21 NB closed and exiting at Copley Rd., null, Missing juvenile from Richfield...14 year old male. Wearing red and black shorts and black shirt and carrying a gray drawstring backpack. Riding a red and blue mountain bike. If you see anyone fitting this description please call Bath Police 330-666-3736 or 911. Thanks, null, The City of Fairlawn's Independence Day parade,  sponsored by the Fairlawn Area Chamber of Commerce, will be held on Friday, July 4 at 6:30 pm. The parade steps off at the Fairlawn Town Center (Marc's Plaza) and proceeds west to the Dillard’s parking lot at Summit Mall., The City of Fairlawn will host 4th of July fireworks, concert and food trucks on Sunday, June 29th.  The Brass Band of the Western Reserve will begin playing at 8pm and weather depending, fireworks will be displayed anytime between 7:30pm and 10pm.  Shuttle service will run from the east parking lot of Summit Mall (Dillard's lot) starting at 7pm., A 26 year old Fairlawn man was charged with Failure to Control after he crashed in the 1100 block of Revere Rd. on Tuesday evening.  The vehicle struck several mailboxes and flipped over after striking the culvert.  Excessive speed was the primary cause.

Bath Police will be focusing on the primary county roads crossing the township.  Please adhere to the posted speed limits., Found this black Great Dane in the Granger Rd area. If you recognize this dog please contact our department 330-666-3736., The Bath PD was honored to be named the U.S. Marshal's Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force 2013 Law Enforcement Partner of the Year today.  Task Force Ofc. Mike Gabel accepted the award on behalf of BPD at the Awards Ceremony hosted by the NFL Football Hall of Fame.

BPD received the award for Ofc. Gabel's excellent performance in assisting the Akron Division as well as the excellent performance by the BPD Communications Section in operating the U.S. Marshals tip line.  Congratulations Ofc. Gabel and Communication Specialists Jeremy Emerson, Lisa Baker, Tracie Tsai, Matt Beck, Mona Barb, Joyce Antonino, Angela Potter, Gena Powers, Jason Hurd, and Lauren Brogan!, Rt 18 WB at Springside Drive is open., Severe thunderstorm WATCH has been canceled for our area., Rt. 18 WB is CLOSED at Springside Dr due to an accident - please avoid the area., Serious crash at Rt. 18 and Springside Dr.  Avoid this area!, Severe thunderstorm WATCH has been issued for our area until 11pm tonight., Excessive speed was a factor in the June 16 traffic crash at Shade Rd. and Bath Rd.  Both the driver and passenger of the vehicle which rolled over were unharmed., Bath Fire is on scene of a large garage fire in the 3400 Block of Ira Rd. Please avoid this area due to large amounts of smoke crossing I 77 and Ira Rd., Rollover traffic accident at the intersection of Bath Rd and Shade Rd. Please find an alternate route of travel!, Congratulations Mrs. Kahoe from your friends at the Bath P.D.  Thank you Ofc. Simmons for nominating one of our best Revere teachers!, This friendly dog would like to go back to his home if anyone knows where that home may be.  Found in the parking lot of Old Trail School. Will be spending the night with the Richfield Police Department....so please help us post bail or at least help find the owners!, Please remember an automobile interior heats up very quickly., Found Dog:  A driver found this dog running in traffic near Smith Road and dropped her off at Fairlawn Fire Department - 3525 S. Smith Rd. - She is described as "beagle mix" with a "Green Remington" collar.  If you are the owner of this dog - or know who the owner is - please contact Fairlawn FD at 330.668.9540., Be aware of a scam occurring in our township. They may claim to be a Patrick or Randall from Ohio Edison and require a substantial payment, along with personal information and your account number. The offenders state they work for Ohio Edison and your power will be shut off if a payment is not received. If you believe you may be a victim of the scam, do not give any information and contact Bath PD at 330-666-3736., School's out for summer vacation.  The Bath Safety Town Program will begin on Tuesday, June 10 at Bath Elementary School.  We look forward to seeing the children signed up for the program.  Have a safe summer!, BPD was in attendance at the Hope & Healing Survivor Resource Center Open House in Akron today.  The Center houses both the Battered Woman's Shelter of Summit and Medina Counties as well as the Rape Crisis Center of Medina and Summit Counties.

We listened to a Domestic Violence survivor's powerful story on the need for this resource center.  Her words reaffirm our policing commitment to women who are victims of violence., The video from a Bath Police dash camera captured the intensity of the May 12th storm., Bath PD School Resource Officer Eric Shaffer and a group of Revere Middle School 8th grade students are learning about our nation's capital first hand.  Have fun, see you soon!!!, Old Trail School 1st graders joyously display their Certificates of Achievement presented to them by the Bath PD.  The first grade students learn servant leadership skills by volunteering at the Willard Food Pantry during the school year.  Thank you Old Trail School staff and students for making a positive difference in the community!, Bath PD charged two adults and two juveniles with Burglary after they used a rock to smash a door to gain entry of a Lakeview Drive home. The suspects fled the scene in a gold sedan after the 7 p.m. burglary on Saturday, May 31.  The vehicle and suspects were located by Copley PD at 2:30 a.m. on June 1.  All were booked into jail.  Thanks Copley PD!, Thanks to the Bath Elementary School students and staff for donating many needed items to the Battered Women's Shelter of Summit and Medina Counties.  These paper products and children's socks will help many in need at the shelter. The top 4th and 5th grade classes were served a pizza lunch by Bath PD for their great effort.  BPD members delivered Krispy Kreme doughnut holes to all the other students.  Have a safe summer!, null, Traffic accident 77NB - just SOUTH of mm143.  Lanes of travel NB are CLOSED at this time.  Please avoid the area., Severe thunderstorm WARNING has been issued for our area.  This storm could produce quarter size hail and 60 MPH damaging winds.  This WARNING is in effect until 8:15pm tonight.  Please seek shelter inside now and stay away from windows., Memorial Day 2014-  We reflect on those members of our military forces who perished serving this great nation.  Your service will always be remembered.  Pictured is a component of the USAF Joint Command at Charleston, South Carolina--always keeping us safe., The Bath PD has added a link on our web page to the National Weather Service's "Turn Around, Don't Drown" educational effort.  Click on the pictured icon on our web page for some practical safety tips regarding flooding.  We are happy there was no loss of life during the recent storms., Congratulations Revere High School Class of 2014 for having a safe Prom weekend.  We are impressed by your accomplishments this year.  Have a safe summer!, Did you know it only takes 18 inches of water to lift your car or SUV?  Once your vehicle becomes buoyant; the water will easily push it sideways. Most vehicles will then tend to roll over, trapping those inside and washing them downstream.  Please do not drive around Road Closed signs.  Sometimes the roadway beneath the water has washed out., The road closure on Yellow Creek Rd. near Sand Run Rd., Yellowcreek Rd is CLOSED between Revere Rd and Sandrun Rd, specifically in front of 2244 Yellowcreek.  A tree has fallen across the roadway - pulling power lines, cable lines, and phone lines as well.  Please avoid this area., The Bath Police and Fire 911 Dispatchers are compiling a list of Township residences that have experienced basement flooding the week of May 11, 2014.  When complete, this list will be submitted to the Summit County Emergency Management Agency for review.  If you have experienced basement flooding, please contact our Department at 330.666.3736., According to the National Weather Service, a line of heavy rain is headed our way - impacting our area around 12 noon today., Any storm related pictures?  Tweet them to @BathPD #BathStormDamage, Roadways are flooding. Please DO NOT drive through any water!, Well the second round of storms are starting to enter into our area.  These do contain strong winds and the potential for heavy rains and possible tornadoes.  We are under a tornado watch until 9pm.  Please keep an eye to the sky and use caution if going out and about., Revere Rd. near Yellow Creek as of 1:30 p.m., Bath Rd on left, Ira Rd. on right.  There are five roads currently closed.  Summit County Engineer and Bath Twp. Service Dept. are actively removing debris., Severe storms moved through Bath Township on Monday, May 12 at approximately 7:45 p.m.  Rain water and flooding stream has caused great damage to property and roadways.

A bridge on Shaw Road near Granger Road collapsed completely into the Yellow Creek.  Shaw Road will be closed indefinitely.

The roadway also collapsed in the 1500 block of N. Hametown Road.  The southbound lane is completely gone.  The earth beneath the northbound lane has washed away.  Police have closed N. Hametown Road between W. Bath Road and Ira Road.

The 2500 block of Ira Road near Hale Farm has also collapsed from rushing waters.  Police have closed Ira Road between Kemery Road and Oak Hill Road.  Access to The Old Trail School is only possible from Cuyahoga Falls at this time.

Many roadways in Bath are covered by loose gravel washed onto the roads from private driveways.  Motorists need to adjust their speeds to accommodate for the debris.

Bath Police and Fire Department members responded to 59 calls for service during a five hour period.  They rescued several motorists from automobiles stuck in flooding waters as well as two horses.

Several hundred citizens sheltered in place at Revere High School during the height of the storm.  No one was injured in Bath as a result of the storms.

Bath Police coordinated efforts with the Summit County Emergency Management Agency during the storm.  Bath Township officials will be conferring with the Summit County Engineer’s Office today regarding the damaged roads and bridge.

Bath Police will reassess the damage once daylight arrives.  Citizens may report hazards to the Bath Police at 330-666-3736., The storm on Monday night did significant damage to the Bath area.  There are multiple reports of storm damage in the area.  Most of the damage will be more apparent once daylight breaks...please give us time to get out and survey the damage. Remember to check on your neighbors to make sure they are ok. If there is water in the roadway...DO NOT DRIVE INTO IT! Thanks for working with us and have good morning!, ROAD ARE IMPASSABLE AT THIS POINT DUE TO WATER. PLEASE DO NOT GO INTO ANY WATER FOR ANY REASON., Flash Flooding has begun in certain areas of the township. PLEASE DO NOT drive into any ponding water., Tornado sirens have been activated for Bath for a Tornado Warning until 8:45. This includes the Akron area. Please take shelter immediately., Tornado Warning issued for Bath area and Summit County.  Take shelter., Travis Redford has been located and he is fine.  Thanks for all your help., We are looking for Travis Redford.  He is 55 yom 6'1" 230 pounds short blond hair, blue eyes and a short rough beard.  He is wearing a light colored shirt and dark pants.  Travis left church at 645 N. Revere Rd on foot and was last seen in the Metro Park on foot heading south towards Smith Rd.  Please contact us if you see him 330-666-3736  He has mental issues and may be confused but is harmless., The Revere Schools, Bath PD & FD, Richfield PD & FD, recreated a traffic fatality involving students attending the prom.  Revere students were able to view the scene from investigation to arrest to trial.  We want our students to have a safe and memorable prom on May 17!  A special thank you to Catavolos Funeral Home, Lifeflight, and World Truck Towing for their assistance., Congratulations to Bath Police Officer Jonathan South, a graduate of the Ohio Association Chiefs of Police Supervisory Training and Education Program's eleventh session.  Ofc. South and 26 other law enforcement leaders were recognized yesterday at a graduation ceremony in Worthington., null, The Ohio Citizens Action has notified us that they will be canvasing the area over the month of May.  This is a non-profit political organization that campaigns for environmental and consumer advocacy issues.  The door to door canvass will take place from 4pm-9pm nightly through the month.  Please make your family and friends that live in Bath aware they will be out and about., Occasionally as you drive through the Ghent Rd and Cleve-Mass Rd intersection, you see a water truck filling off the fire hydrant.  There is a meter on the hydrant measuring the gallons of water being used by that water hauling company.  They do have permission to use the hydrant and we are aware they are using it!, Revere High School will be participating in a Mock Crash, tomorrow  05/02/14 from 0900-1000. Bath Police, Fire and EMS along with Life Flight will be in the area assisting with the drill.  This event is for High School Juniors and Seniors. Please use caution in the area of the high school during this time., BE PREPARED  - Severe weather is on its way to our area!  Severe Thunderstorm Warnings and a Tornado Warning have been issued for neighboring counties., null, Bath residents will be participating in Project Pride on Saturday, April 26 from 9 a.m. until Noon.  There will be many parents and children collecting trash along our roadways.  Please use caution while navigating through the neighborhoods.  See you on Saturday!, Burglars are working the Smith Rd. condo area.  The suspect in the burglary wore a navy blue work uniform...like a mechanic/contractor, and stated he was from the water department.  He distracted the victim for about 30 minutes keeping her in a first floor 1/2 bath having her run the water while his partner went upstairs and stole cash and jewelry.  She never saw the 2nd suspect, nor realized there was another person in her house.  The running water and suspect #1 talking on his cell phone created just enough noise to keep her from noticing.  Suspect 1 talked on the phone as if he was talking to the Akron water guys at the site but in reality, was talking to suspect 2., null, Every day, more than 2,000 kids use a prescription drug to get high for the first time. Medicine abuse is an epidemic affecting families and teenagers across the country. For more information and to view "Parents360 Rx", a 12 minute video on prescription drug abuse and teens, visit www.starttalking.ohio.gov
 , Bath Officers responded to a suspicious person call on Sunday at a local hotel.  They located a 16 year old Copley female in possession of heroin and a large sum of money.  She was arrested and booked into the Summit County Juvenile Detention Facility., A local Pharmacist recognized a prescription script presented to him to be forged.  A 33 year old Silver Springs, Maryland woman was attempting to obtain oxycodone from a Bath Pharmacy.  Officers arrested the woman on the scene and charged her with two felony offenses this past Saturday.  She was booked into the Summit County Jail., Safety Town is a five day summer educational program for Bath kindergarten age children.  This summer's sessions begin on June 9 and run through June 13.  Two sessions are offered each day, one at 9 a.m. and a second at 12:30 p.m.  There is no charge for this week long safety program.  Registration forms are online at www.bathtownship.org, Assault just occurred at Game Stop in Montrose. Suspect described as Black male with jean jacket and blue jeans. Longer hair and baseball hat. Tattoos on neck and arms. Please call 911 if you spot anyone fitting this description., The Northbound ramp to I 77 at Ghent Rd has been closed.  An alternate route would be I 77 SB to Rt 18 to I 77 NB. We will advise when the ramp is back open!, Bath Township is experiencing a power outage across the township. We have crews working on the problem. Please do not call to inquire about the power outage!, Crystal Lake Rd is closed in the 500 Block...due to a tree blocking the road.  Officers are on scene and First Energy will be responding. Could be closed for over for an hour or two. Please find an alternate route!, null, Please help Bath Police Department attempt to locate assault suspects.  Within the last 30 minutes, 2-3 black males in a gray low profile Subaru with a fin on the back. Subjects went I 77 NB from Ghent Rd. Call Bath PD if you see any vehicle fitting this description. Thanks for you help!, A Bath resident received a call from a person identifying themself as being with a company called Security Partners.  The caller indicated they needed the resident's security alarm "code word" to fix a problem with the alarm system.  The resident reported the incident to her alarm company who indicated this is not a legitimate practice.  Bath residents should be alert to this deceptive practice.  Never share your security alarm codes with anyone you do not know., A standing room only crowd attended the Heroin Awarness Program at Revere High School last night.  Parents learned about the severity of the problem from a panel presentation by Wally Clevenger and the Heroin Awareness Team from Cleveland.

The key fact presented is we must educate our children before they begin using this deadly drug.  There have been two heroin related deaths in Richfield in the past few weeks.  Bath Police Officer Mike Gabel was able to restart the heart of a 20 year old female who overdosed outside a local restaurant last week in Bath.

The panel members agreed that the abuse of prescribed painkillers is a frequent path to heroin use.  Parents must monitor the prescription meds in your home; secure those meds; and dispose properly of unused meds.

Parents who think their children have a drug problem can speak to a parent specialist at 1-855-DRUGFREE.  Students who know of drug activity at Revere can report the information anonymously to the safe school hotline, TEXT: 66746, then type TIPS or call 1-800-418-6423, ext. 359., Free informational meeting for adults at Revere High School on March 13th from 6:30 pm to 8:00 pm in room 200.  Learn the facts about current trends in prescription opiates and heroin., A new Phishing scam uses Netflix to target users by displaying an “Important Notice” to Netflix customers. Through a fraudulent Netflix website, which resembles the genuine website, users are alerted to unusual activity on their Netflix account once a user name and password are entered. The website scam then states that the user must call the “member services” 800 number in order to regain access to the account. The phone number given is fraudulent and once a user calls the number, the user is then connected to a “support representative,” which requests that the user download a “Netflix Support Software” application. Then the user is told that the Netflix account was de-activated due to hacker activity, and a Microsoft USBUS Certified Technician will need to fix the computer. An invoice is issued to the user for approximately $400, including a fraudulent $50 Netflix discount coupon., Missing elderly female from the area of Sam's Club in Fairlawn.  Gray/Black hair, black coat, pants and boots. Call 911 if you spot anyone fitting this description., Missing 17 year old male with down syndrome and autism. Last seen in the TJ Maxx lot wearing blue jeans, a blue jacket, and a backpack. Mixed male with curly hair and roughly 5'6'. If located please call 911., Have some extra free time...help out a local charity!!  Watch the Cuyahoga Falls Police Officers take on the Cuyahoga Falls Firemen!! Sure to be a great game!, Active Scam in the Montrose area of Bath-  A Bath resident received a call from a female today who stated she was a distant relative.  The female attempted to entice the Bath resident to meet her at the Montrose Get-Go.  She indicated she needed money.  The Bath resident recognized the scam.  However, review of video at Get-Go indicates the suspect was able to obtain cash from a different senior citizen.  Please recognize this to be a scam and refuse to be a victim., Traffic Accident 77SB at MM 140.8 - 1 car MVA / Police and Fire on scene.  Please drive cautiously., Northeast Ohio weather is about to get a little wild tonight...there is a wind advisory from 10pm this evening until 7pm Friday, a flood watch is in effect until Friday morning and the potential for ice jams on creeks and streams may cause flooding.  If you notice ice jams forming on creeks or streams in the township...please report them to Bath Police at 330-666-3736. We will then pass this information along to Summit County Emergency Management., Are you a senior citizen interested in learning how to defend yourself against an attacker? Prosecutor Sherri Bevan Walsh and Sheriff Steve Barry are hosting a free self-defense class for senior citizens on Friday, March 7 at 10:30 a.m. at the Barberton Active Adult Center at 500 W. Hopocan Avenue. 

Learn simple techniques that could save your life, such as freeing yourself from a choke hold, disabling an attacker and how to use everyday objects as weapons.

No registration is required. Contact Lisa Holdt at 330-643-2796 or holdt@prosecutor.summitoh.net for more information., null, Full-time Corrections Officer position in Wayne County.  Click the link below!!http://waynecountysheriff.blogspot.com/2014/02/we-are-accepting-applications-for.html, An unknown suspect spraypainted "666" and an upside-down cross on the wall of the LDS Church at 735 Revere Rd. between Februrary 7 and February 8.  Anyone with information about this crime is asked to call Ofc. Grant VanFossen at 330-666-3736., Scam Alert- There have been reports across the U.S. regarding one-ring phone scams.  The perpetrator allows the one-ring to result in a missed call that prompts the victim to return the call generating a $19.95 call fee.  The scams have generated from area codes 268, 809, 876, 284, and 473.  Be alert to this practice., Recently some Bath residents received a letter from their alarm monitoring company regarding the City of Akron's burglar alarm response policy.  This proposed policy only affects citizens residing within the City of Akron.  Bath residents may want to contact their alarm company to inform them that although you have an Akron mailing address you are not within the city limits.  The Bath Police Department will continue to respond to your alarms in the same manner as we have in the past., Wednesday, Feb. 5 @ 5:30 a.m.- Bath roads are snow covered and icy.  Snow is falling lightly.  Please reduce your speed and maintain a safe distance from vehicles in front of you.  We are ready to assist you if your vehicle encounters a roadway hazard., Not sure if you would post this but my friend Pam lives in Ellet, oh and her 2 fur babies got lose. They've been missing since October and a person in Bath a few days ago saw them on Shaw and Rollingmeadow? If you cld post their pic, that would help so much! Hoping somebody took them in. Their owner spends every free moment searching for them and following every lead possible. Thanks so much!, Well folks it is that time again...time to prepare AGAIN, for a significant winter weather event.  The National Weather Service in Cleveland has issued a Winter Storm Warning for our area.  Please take time tomorrow to make sure you are prepared for this storm., null, An Akron man dubbed the Red Bull Bandit entered the Montrose Acme on Jan 15, filled a shopping cart with 17 packages of energy drinks and attempted to run out the store without paying.  Ofc. Dan Reilly was able to determine the man's identity through his investigation.  Akron PD apprehended the man on Jan 29 after a pursuit.  He is now in the Summit County Jail.  The investigation has revealed eight similar crimes in the area since August of 2013., null, Bath PD has responded to 29 reports of traffic crashes or vehicles off the roadway since the latest snow storm began on Saturday.  One accident involved a car striking a Bath Police vehicle on I-77.  The officer was assisting a tow-truck operator remove a car from the median when an Akron man drove into the police vehicle.  Fortunately, there has not been any serious injury to anyone in the 29 reports we have handled., At 7:00 a.m. this morning a female student at her bus stop in the 2700 block of Walnut Ridge Rd. reported a male began walking toward her from a wooded area.  The suspect fled when the school bus approached.  Officers tracked the suspects footprints from the Walnut Ridge neighboorhood to the Oak Knoll neighborhood where the prints disappeared.  

Bath PD will be checking this wooded area in the early mornings for a period of time.  Please report suspicious activity in your neighborhood to Bath Police at 330-666-3736., Bath PD wants to pass along the Medina SPCA request, Please take less than a minute to watch this important video! If you need a place to dispose of unwanted medication...Bath Police Department offers a safe disposal program in the main parking lot of the police station, between the town hall and the service building. Please use the yellow mailbox to drop the medications, as none will be accepted inside the building., Snow has been falling and will continue for a little while longer. Roads have become snow covered! Road crews have been called in and will be clearing the roads as quickly as possible. Please use caution while driving tonight!, If you, your neighbors or family need relief from the elements tomorrow...warming centers will be open at the following locations. 

The American Red Cross facility at 501 West Market Street in Akron from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and The House of the Lord, located at 1650 Diagonal Road in Akron from 8:30 a.m. to 7:00 p.m., BPD Officers arrested four men, one each from Bath, Copley, and two from Richfield, after they entered a vacant home on Glengary Rd. Saturday night.  The men stated they entered the home because they needed a place to smoke their marijuana.  The subjects were booked into the Summit County Jail., Better warm up the snow shovels again!! Here comes the next round of bitter cold and snow!! Don't forget to check in on your elderly family and neighbors!

WINTER STORM WARNING IN EFFECT FROM 6 PM SUNDAY TO 5 PM EST MONDAY...
WIND CHILL WARNING IN EFFECT FROM 5 PM MONDAY TO 9 AM EST WEDNESDAY...

ACCUMULATIONS...SUNDAY SNOWFALL OF 1 TO 3 INCHES...SLIGHTLY LOWER NEAR OHIO PENNSYLVANIA BORDER IF MIXED PRECIPITATION OCCURS. SUNDAY NIGHT SNOWFALL OF 3 TO 5 INCHES. STORM TOTALS OF 4 TO 8 INCHES., With the heavy snow continuing to come down...some of the fire hydrants in our township have been covered with snow.  If you have a hydrant in your yard or nearby...please assist our fire department by shoveling out the hydrant. This will save time for them if they need to find the hydrant closest to your home., Snow has been falling and the roadways are passable, but are partially snow covered.  Township, County and State salt trucks are out and doing their best to keep up. Please plan extra travel time and leave plenty of room between you and the vehicle in front of you., null, null, null, The National Weather Service in Cleveland has issued a Winter Weather Advisory for our area through 1AM Friday morning.  Snowfall will become heavier tonight and Thursday with another 6-8 inches of snow likely.  Please plan ahead to leave extra travel time...and please check on your elderly neighbors and family during the next few days!, Traffic crash in the 2900 block of Yellow Creek Rd.  Road is closed due to gas line rupture.  Closure is between Cleve-Mass Rd. and Top-O-Hill Drive.  Gas company notified., http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utTAO_UarvA, The National Weather Service has issued a Winter Weather Advisory for our area from midnight tonight through 10pm tomorrow evening. Please plan ahead if you plan on traveling and drive with caution as roads may become snow covered and dangerous., null, Happy Thanksgiving!  Join us at the 10th annual Wye Rd. Bridge Lighting on Friday from 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.  The Wye Rd. Bridge is located near Granger Rd. & N. Cleveland-Massillon Rd., The holiday season is here.  We should remain vigilant for cyber-scams online and on your smartphone.  A new online scam is the Ransomware Scam.  The criminal will send you a file when downloaded encrypts the content's of your computer.  The criminal will then demand money within a certain period of time in order to have the files decrypted.  There is no way to decrypt the files by anyone other than the criminal.  Your best protection is to not open files from persons you do not know., Midnight Officers on patrol found this truck stuck on a wall behind Lowes early Saturday morning.  The driver left behind an open bottle of whiskey.  The 40 year old man was eventually located and issued an Open Container citation., Monday, Nov. 18- Good morning, as of 5:00 a.m. all roads in Bath are open.  You will find many small tree branches littering the roads.  Bath has no known power outages.  Contact us at 330-666-3736 if you find trees or power lines down., Tuesday, Nov 12, 6:30 a.m.-  First snowfall of the year.  Roads are wet but not snow covered.  Thus far the only traffic crash has been on I-77.  Have a safe morning!, Thank you Veterans for your service to our country.  We are proud to recognize one of our own, Ofc. Jonathan South, a veteran of the Iraq war.  He brings to the Bath community great leadership skills and work ethic., Congrats to the Revere High School boys soccer team for taking the State Championship!!, Tuesday, November 5 is Election Day. Polls open at 6:30 a.m. and close at 7:30 p.m. Bath polling locations are: Ghent Christian Church, 4200 Granger Rd.; Bath United Church of Christ, 3980 W. Bath Rd.; and Grace Church, 754 Ghent Rd. 

Bath Police will be visible throughout the day near the polling places. We are available to assist with traffic control and similar duties., null, Det. Dan Lance's investigation of a Theft in Bath Township was a key part to the end of a state-wide crime spree.  Great details in the Plain Dealer report:, Traffic Updates-  Revere Rd. between Ira & Everett Rds. will be open on Friday.  Contractors will return in a few weeks to replace the culvert.  Also, Yellow Creek Rd. was finally opened to traffic today.  The contractor had an unexpected delay in repairs.  Thank you for your patience!, Road Closure-  Beginning on Monday, Oct. 28 for five days, Revere Rd. between Ira Rd. and Everett Rd., will be closed for a culvert repair.  The road will close each day at 7:30 a.m. and re-open at 6:00 p.m.  Citizens needing to visit the Revere Schools campus may use Everett Rd. to do so.  Bath Police will assist with traffic control during student dismissal each day., null, "Rachels Challenge" is a school/community program that addresses violence, bullying etc. Rachel Joy Scott was one of the students killed in the Columbine tragedy. The presentation is disturbing, yet heartwarming, inspirational and motivational. The program is coming to Revere High School on Monday, October 7 at 7pm., Bath PD is pleased to announce starting on Oct. 1 we will utilize www.Nextdoor.com in an effort to facilitate a virtual Neighborhood Watch program.  Nextdoor is a tool for us to effectively share crime prevention and safety information with Bath residents., null, This dog has been found by a resident on Idlebrook Dr in Bath. Please help locate the owner. If you have any information on the dogs owner please call Bath Police Department 330-666-3736. Thanks, We would like to alert residents and motorists of a thirty (30) day closure of the Yellow Creek Road Bridge over Yellow Creek, approximately 0.3 miles east of Cleveland-Massillon Road. The closure will be in effect starting Thursday, September 19, 2013. Motorists should anticipate using detour routes.  The official detour will go from Cleveland-Massillon Road to Bath Road to Revere Road. Detour routes will be posted. All work is subject to inclement weather., Smith Rd. between Lake of the Woods Rd. and Grayling Rd. will be closed for three days beginning Wed., Sept. 4 for utility repairs., Seat Belt Saved Life-  An 18 year old Akron woman survived a traffic crash on I-77 near the Ghent Rd. exit on Thursday at 7 p.m.  The driver lost control after being forced off the roadway.  Her vehicle came to a stop on the median., Bath Community Day is Saturday, August 3.  N. Cleveland-Massillon Rd. will be closed to traffic between Ira Rd. and W. Bath Rd. from 10:50 a.m and 11:45 a.m.  Suggested detour route is Hametown Rd. Between Granger Rd. and Ira Rd., null, The pictured flyer is being placed in mailboxes in the township.  The offer is a scam.  Do not leave any money in your mailbox or attached to your front door.  The suspect takes your money and does no work., This dog was found by a resident roaming through the Ranchwood neighborhood.  The dog is a female and was wearing a "blackish green" collar, has a white spot on her belly and black spot on her tongue.  If you are the owner or know who may own this dog, please contact the Bath Police Department. 330-666-3736, The Bath 9-1-1 dispatchers will NOT set off the Tornado Sirens today due to the Bath Fire Department's 69th Annual Horse Show. http://www.bathtownship.org/Fire%20folder/Horse%20Show.htm Thanks., Traffic Advisory-  Lane restrictions will be in place beginning on Monday, July 8 for Ghent Rd., from Sourek Rd. to Cleve-Mass Rd.  The roadway will be resurfaced, weather permitting.  Additionally, lane restrictions will be in place on Cleve-Mass Rd. from Springside Drive to S.R. 18.  This roadway will also be resurfaced., Burglaries are more frequent during the summer months in Bath.  Bath Police ask residents to continue to report suspicious activity to police at 330-666-3736 or 9-1-1 if you see a crime in progress., Reference RPD's attempted abduction on Friday, June 7th., Police car video of the bear passing through Bath this morning.  We believe he has moved on to Medina County., Police car video of the bear passing through Bath this morning.  We believe he has moved on to Medina County., A black bear was observed in the Ghent Hills neighborhood at 6 a.m.  It has moved west to the Arbor Green neighborhood as of 8 a.m.  Residents should monitor their pets if outdoors.  We will not harm the bear., From Richfield Police Department..., Bath PD is seeking information on the two subjects who robbed the Colonial Pharmacy on June 6 at 6:45 p.m.  The man in the photo and his partner produced handguns and robbed the store of drugs and money.  Anyone with information should contact Bath PD at 330-666-3736., Bath PD is seeking information on an attempted abduction on June 3 at 7:30 p.m. near the intersection of Olentangy Drive & Haskell Drive.  The picture is a composite drawing of the suspect.

The suspect is described as a white male, 35-45 years old, 150-175 lbs.  He was driving a dull black panel van with older tires.

Anyone with information is asked to contact Detective Daniel Lance at 330-666-3736., Ofc Rob Young apprehended a 23 year old Akron man tampering with motor vehicles in the Lowes parking lot on Wednesday morning.  The man was entering unlocked motor vehicles.  He was charged with criminal mischief and drug abuse.  Residents are reminded to lock their vehicles and remove valuables from sight., Revere Road between Smith Road and Yellow Creek Road will be closed for one day beginning at 7:00 a.m., Monday, June 3, 2013.  The Summit County Engineer's Office will be replacing a culvert.  Detour routes will be posted by the Engineer., Large grass fire in the area of I-77 and Rt. 18.  Avoid this area.  77NB to 18WB is closed.  Police and Fire Units on scene., null, Bath Police will be taking part in a National Missing Children's Day event held at Summit Mall on Saturday, May 18, 2013 from 1pm to 4pm.  This event is free and includes family-focused activities., This is Bike Helmet Safety Week and National Bicycle Safety Month.  Akron Children’s and Safe Kids Summit County have offered an online raffle for bike helmets on Face Book and Twitter .

https://www.facebook.com/akronchildrens/app_228910107186452, The Communications Division will NOT be setting off the tornado siren today due to roof work being done on our building. Thanks., Bath PD apprehended Randy L. Roach, 34, of Barberton after he fled on foot from the T.J.Maxx store on Saturday.  Roach was caught in the Office Max parking lot by Capt. Greg Lang.  All the stolen items were recovered.  Roach ran approximately 1/4 mile before being caught.  He was also wanted by the Barberton Police for Robbery.  Roach is now in the Summit County Jail., Reminder that the Bath Communications office will be setting off the township tornado sirens at 12 noon on Saturdays. Thank you., Bath Police arrested Cameron Huth, 25, of Medina and Ashley Schaff, 22, of Seville yesterday afternoon for multiple crimes.  Huth and Schaff selected an 84 year old woman in the 3900 block of Medina Rd. as their victim.  Huth stole her purse as she unloaded her shopping cart at a local retail store.  He ran on foot to Springside Drive where Schaff was waiting with the get-a-way car.

Bath PD apprehended the two subjects before they were able to drive away.  We were assisted by two citizens.  One citizen chased Huth on foot after he snatched the purse.  A second citizen stood by the purse after the suspect threw it to the ground.  Many thanks to those citizens for their help!, null, The Bath 9-1-1 Communications Division begins tornado siren testing today at 12:00 noon.  This will occur every Saturday until the fall.  See the NOAA Tornado site for safety information in the event of an actual emergency.  http://www.spc.noaa.gov/faq/tornado/  If the sirens are activated during inclement weather, do not call the police or fire unless you need an emergency response to your location; please tune in to your local television or broadcast radio news for information., Avoid West Market St east and west bound in Fairlawn.  Roadway is closed due to a motor vehicle accident and downed power lines.  This area will be closed for a significant amount of time., Safety Town is a five day summer educational program that instructs kindergarten aged children on crossing the street, traffic lights, seat belts, bus safety, the work of police officers and firefighters, bike safety and more.  Also, in a simulated village complete with miniature buildings, cars with seat belts, and traffic signals, children will practice and experience a variety of situations so that they may respond decisively when confronted with those same situations in real life.  The serious subject of safety is combined with craft activities, songs and lots of fun.  There is no fee to participate.

Please use this link to register your kindergartner or student volunteer.  You will be able to print off the forms or register online., Great work by the Bath FD on saving "Bobby", a black & white mid-size dog from a Spring Valley pond this morning.  Firefighters Kamp and Shultz entered the semi-frozen pond to rescue the dog.

Only the dog's head was above water upon their arrival.  Firefighter Kuzas and BPD Officers Wolf and Gabel assisted pulling the firefighters line back to shore.  Officer Gabel transported the dog to a local animal hospital.  "Bobby" is currently being treated for exposure to the freezing water., null, The Bath 9-1-1 Communications officers will set off the tornado sirens today (3-6-13) at 9:50 am as part of a state-wide drill for Ohio Severe Weather Awareness Week., Attention Jeep Wrangler owners:  Bath Police Department has taken reports from multiple victims of theft of spare tires from the rear of Jeep Wranglers.  Thefts are occurring in the Montrose area and there are no known suspects at this time.  If citizens have information on the theft of tires or notice suspicious activity, please notify Bath Police Department.  330-666-3736, Bath Police received reports from two residents today of a scam in our area.  Both residents were contacted by men who claimed to be with a law enforcement agency and requested personal information from the residents.  He further used threats in an attempt to scare personal information from the residents.

Do NOT give any personal information over the telephone to any unverified sources.  Report any suspicious activity to your local police department., Akron Police reports that Ghent Rd is now open., Akron Police has both lanes of Ghent Rd closed between Sourek & Smith Rd due to a hydrant leaking.  You may want to consider an alternate route., Bath PD arrested a 40 year old Highland Heights man for Attempted Theft at the Shell gas station.  The man appears in a snowplow with a fraudulent invoice claiming he is owed money for snow plowing.  He badgers the clerk until he obtains money.

The man was also wanted in Solon and Lakewood for similar offenses., Bath and Cleve Mass Rd's are now back open, fire crews continue to work in the area but the roads are open. Roads have been salted but may be icy in certain places from the fire trucks!, Bath Fire and Police on scene of a fully involved house fire - 1200 N Cleve Mass RD. Roads are closed in this area.  This will be right across from RB Stout. Updates to follow., Bath Police apprehended Alton S. Dubrock, 54 years of age, of Butler, PA, in a wooded area in the 4200 block of Big Spruce Dr. at 7:45 p.m. this evening.  Dubrock had burglarized an occupied home in the 3900 block of North Shore Dr. at 6:32 p.m.

Dubrock is also a suspect in a car jacking in the City of Akron.  A vehicle was taken from the 200 block of East Market St. at 5:52 p.m. today.  That vehicle was found in Bath Township on I-77 near the Ghent Rd. exit just prior to the North Shore burglary.

Bath PD was assisted by Akron PD K-9.

Dubrock will be incarcerated in the Summit County Jail., Bath Police are currently searching the area of Crystal Lake Rd and Granger Rd for a suspect in a burglary.  Suspect is believed to be on foot.  W/M possibly in his 40's, with a mustache, wearing a blue jacket, and blue pants., The high winds overnight have not closed any roadways in Bath as of 6:15 a.m.  Residents finding trees down on their property are cautioned to be wary of power lines tangled in the trees.  Contact Bath PD if power lines are down in your area.  We will send assistance., A 42 year old Kent woman survived a crash from the Yellow Creek Bridge into Yellow Creek this morning.  She spent approximately an hour in the water before being found by a citizen.  Yellow Creek Rd. was closed for approximately four hours while a crane removed the vehicle.  The woman remains at a local hospital., Hope you have a safe and Happy New Year!! Start off the new year right - stop in to Bath PD and pick up information on "The Yellow Dot Program".  This is a free service offered to Bath Twp residents to alert First Responders of your medical and personal information in case of a medical emergency or traffic accident. See the link for more information or stop by Bath Township PD!http://www.myyellowdots.com/summit_county_yellow_dot.php, The National Weather Service has upgraded our area to a WINTER STORM WARNING!  This will begin at 7am tomorrow through 7am Thursday.  There is a possibility of 8-12 inches of snow in our area.  Most of the snow will fall between afternoon and evening.  Please plan ahead and travel using extreme caution!!, As of 3:12pm today, The National Weather Service has issued a Winter Storm Watch for our area beginning Wednesday morning.  Snowfall during the event could possibly range between 6-10 inches by Thursday morning.  Please plan your travels accordingly, as this is a busy travel day during the holidays., Sending our thoughts and prayers to the families and staff of West Webster NY.  http://www.firehouse.com/news/10846071/two-new-york-firefighters-fatally-shot-at-blaze, Just a reminder - regular trash service will continue today, all other trash service will be delayed by one day.  Anyone with service on Friday...pick up will be on Saturday., The first snowfall of the season made for some difficult driving conditions.  Bath PD responded to ten different traffic crashes on Friday.  The afternoon patrol shift handled 40+ calls for service during their eight hour shift.  Fortunately there were no serious injuries or crimes., Just received info of a minor injury crash on 18 west bound in front of Red Lobster - police and fire on on their way - expect some delays., Granger Rd. between Robinwood Hills Rd. and Granger Rd. is closed.  A power line has fallen across the road and is on fire.  Ohio Edison and Bath FD are working to correct the problem., Residents should be aware burglars are active during the holidays.  On Wednesday between 11 a.m. and 4 p.m. a Bath home on Medina Rd. was entered forcibly by a burglar.  The suspect stole all the Christmas presents.  Please report suspicious activity in your neighborhood immediately to Bath PD at 330-666-3736., We are saddened and shocked by today's horrific event at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Ct.  We know that the Bath community joins us in our thoughts and prayers to all affected by this tragedy.  Please be assured the Bath PD works continuously with the Revere Local Schools, Copley Locals Schools and the Old Trail School to keep our students and staff safe., Bath PD offers a free bicycle registration program.  Citizens may register their bicycle by completing a short form at the police department.  An adhesive registration sticker with a unique serial number will be provided to you.  A great free gift for the new bicycle owner!, The Toys for Tots boxes are here and ready to be filled!

They are by the Fire Department Reception desk.

Deadline for drop offs is December 10th., Bath PD arrested a 21 year old Toledo woman yesterday after she attempted to grab money from a cash register at a local retail store.  The woman threatened to punch the employee.  The female stated she was trying to quick change stores in the area., Quick change scams are frequent at retail stores during the holiday season.  Bath PD arrested a 34 year old Cincinnati man for Theft after he presented a $20 bill for the purchase of a bottle of water.  He then confused the cashier and received his money back plus $7 and the bottle of water. The man was arrested, also charged with drug possession and booked into the Summit County Jail.  He is a suspect in numerous thefts in the Montrose area., null, Many thanks to Ofc. Oubre and Communication Specialist Powers for their handling of a 9-1-1 call on Sat., Nov 24.  Powers dispatched Ofc. Oubre to a Bath residence for an unresponsive 77 year old male.  Ofc. Oubre used the AED from his patrol car to restart the man's heart and save his life.  Bath PD thanks our community for providing the funds to furnish every police vehicle with an AED!, Just FYI for Bath residents - Trash will be delayed by one day for those with Thursday and Friday service.  Any questions contact Bath Township Administration offices - 330-666-4007., Bath resident Jerry Schorr (4th from left) was the recipient of the FBI Citizen's Academy Foundation of Cleveland "Citizen Hero Award."  Mr. Schorr was recognized last Friday in Independence for his assistance to to Bath Safety Forces in the rescue of a missing Alzheimers patient in July of 2011.  Thank you Mr. Schorr for saving a fellow resident!, Hunting in Bath Township is regulated by Ohio law.  Deer gun hunting season is from Nov. 26- Dec. 2 and again Dec. 15-16.  Hunting is prohibited within 1/2 mile of a township park (ORC 3773.06).  See the map for the prohibited areas shaded in blue., null, There are 197 residences without power in Bath as of 6 p.m.  We are told there are three First Energy crews working in Bath.  Yellow Creek Rd. remains closed due to the large tree and utility lines across the road just east of Cleve-Mass Rd., Click on the following Ohio Edison link to check for power outages in the area.  You can also use the same link to report power outages.

http://outages.firstenergycorp.com/oh.html, The Revere Local Schools have announced they are closed on Tuesday, October 30 due to the weather.  As of 8 P.M. on Monday the Bath PD has not had any reports of damage.  There is a live power line down in Fairlawn near Chamberlin Rd.  Ohio Edison is in route., Bath PD, FD, and Service Depts. have implemented emergency preparedness plans for the impending storm.  Residents should prepare for 30-40 MPH winds beginning this afternoon thru Tuesday.  Please secure all loose objects around your home.  Winds of this magnitude may cause power outages.  Extra personnel will be on duty to assist with emergencies., Extra Bath PD Officers will be in your neighborhoods this Sunday, October 28 between 5 p.m. and 7 p.m. for the trick or treat activity.  Officers will be supplied with treats for the chidren., Thanks to the Zonta Club of Hudson for inviting us to participate in a discussion on Domestic Violence last night.  We support your mission and vision, "where no woman lives in fear of violence.", null, Bath PD charged a 40 year old Lakemore man Saturday morning with OVI (drunk driving) after citizens reported his bad driving on I-77.  Upon stopping his truck the man placed it in reverse striking the Bath PD cruiser.  His passenger was wanted by Akron PD., The Cleveland-Massillon Rd. Bridge re-opened at 6 p.m. today, one day ahead of schedule.  Thanks ODOT!, Bath PD is investigating three burglaries or attempts that have occurred since Sept. 1 in the southwest quadrent of the township.  The suspect(s) is cutting the telephone line to the home disabling the alarm system.  Forced entry is made into the house.  Jewelry, televisions, and an automobile have been stolen.  Report any suspicious activity in your neighborhood to Bath PD at 330-666-3736., Bath PD Ofc. D. Reilly arrested both a Bath teen and Richfield teen after they stole an Akron's man wallet from a local fitness center.  The teens used the man's credit card and cash at two gas stations, Chipolte, and the Regal Cinema.  The teens were charged with Felony Theft, Misuse of Credit Cards, and Forgery.  The teens were booked at the Juvenile Detention Center., The Cleveland-Massillon Rd. Bridge over I-77 is scheduled to re-open this Friday afternoon, October 12., October is Domestic Violence Awareness Month. "Apps Against Abuse" is technology designed to better protect you from domestic violence and sexual assault.  Parents and students can investigate the app at: http://www.onwatchoncampus.com/.  Bath PD supports and recognizes the Domestic Violence and Rape Crisis Center Advocates for their efforts., A McDonalds employee was robbed at gunpoint outside the First Merit Bank, 30 Springside Drive at 8:12 p.m. tonight.  The suspect obtained the night deposit bag containing cash.  He is described as a male, 6' tall, wearing a black ski mask and dark hooded sweatshirt.  Anyone with information should contact Bath PD at 330-666-3736., The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) has scheduled another National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day which will take place on Saturday, September 29, 2012, from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. This is a great opportunity for those who have accumulated unwanted, unused prescription drugs, to safely dispose of those medications.  Drop off is at the green box outside Bath PD, The following I-77 ramp closures will take place nightly from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. starting on Monday night , September 24, through Wednesday morning, September 26,  for pavement repairs.                                                                                                                                                                      
• SR 18 westbound entrance ramp to I-77 southbound. The detour is I-77 north to Ghent Rd. to I-77 south.
• I-77 northbound exit ramp to SR 18 westbound. The detour is I-77 north to Ghent Rd. to I-77 south., A wallet containing cash and no identification was found inside the Lowes store on Cleve-Mass Rd.  Please contact Ofc. Steve Wolf at 330-666-3736 if this may be your property., Bath PD is trying to identify the man in the t-shirt.  He concealed 16 cans of Red Bull in his pants and ran out of the Shell gas station.  Anyone with information can leave a reply or call Bath PD at 330-666-3736, Join the Bath PD on a virtual ride-a-long on Friday, September 21 beginning at 3 p.m.  Log on to our Twitter @BathPD#ridealong to receive tweets with photos of the evening shift's activity.  You may ask questions by direct message on Twitter.  We will answer your questions and keep you informed about community safety., null, Bath Police are attempting to identify this person in reference to a $1,000 theft from a beauty supply store.  Anyone with information should contact Ofc. Lee Oubre at 330-666-3736., Everett Rd is CLOSED between Cleveland Massillon Rd and Southern Rd due to a tree on power lines.  Police and Fire units are on scene - waiting for Ohio Edison., Detective Dan Lance was recognized today at the 2012 Lt. Ed Duvall, Jr. Detective of the Year Award Ceremony.  Detective Lance was one of three nominees recognized.  Congratulations to Deputy U.S. Marshal Jeff Irwin on receiving the award., Thanks to our community volunteers who participated in the child abduction exercise at the Old Trail School.  You made a tremendous contribution to community safety!, The Everett Rd. Bridge re-opened for traffic this afternoon.  Revere Schools are now accessible from Cleveland-Massillon Rd.  Thank you for your patience., Revere Schools open today.  Officers will be near Revere H.S. to assist with traffic due to the Everret Rd. Bridge closure.  Good luck to our students this school year!, Bath PD and the Summit County Child Abduction Response Team will conduct a training exercise today in the area of Old Trail School.  Signage has been posted in the area.  This is only a simulated event., First Energy will be doing power line inspections from 08/13-08/24. Inspections will be done from helicopter. A picture of the helicopter is included. The helicopter will be flying near/above power lines., Reminder - Cleve-Mass Rd bridge over I 77 will be closed today for 60 days for construction.  Please plan your travel accordingly., Community Day photo's from Fairlawn-Bath Patch!!

http://fairlawn-bath.patch.com/articles/town-gathers-for-bath-community-day-festivities#photo-10915514, Memorial service will be held tomorrow to remember the victims of the Copley shooting. 

http://fairlawn-bath.patch.com/articles/copley-shootings-memorial-planned-to-mark-one-year-anniversary, The North Cleveland Massillon Road bridge over I-77 in Bath Township will be closed for 60 days, starting on Monday, August 13, 2012.  This information was provided by the Ohio Department of Transportation on August 2, 2012., Granger Road is CLOSED between Robinwood Hills and Timberline  for the next 3 - 4 hours due to power lines that have come down on the roadway.  According to First Energy's website, up to 346 customers are affected at this time., A Bath teen survived this saturday morning crash in the 4100 block of Ira Rd.  The vehicle traveled 336' off the roadway., Bath PD Ofc. Wolf was able to free this fawn from a resident's fence.  The fawn's parents were able to jump the fence.  Thanks to the Bath FD for an assist!, Bath PD & FD provided support to the United States Secret Service this week for the Presedential Motorcade.  President Obama passed through Bath last night at 9:30 p.m.  There were no incidents., *****************TONIGHT***************
Fairlawn Fireworks are scheduled for 10pm.  The concert will begin at 9pm., Power lines are down across the roadway at 3658 Bath Rd.  Residents who live EAST of 3658 Bath Rd - please stay inside your homes at this time.  We will update you when the Power Company arrives on scene and the area is safe., With heat and humidity on the rise, the Bath Twp Police and Fire Departments urge residents to use extra care to avoid heat-related illnesses over the next several days.  Please spend extra time indoors. The mall, grocery stores or movie theaters are often used to stay cool., Bath PD's 36th annual Safety Town concluded this past Friday.  Safety Town is a one week safety program for children entering school in the fall.  Over 3,000 children have completed the program in Bath., Bath PD congratulates all the law enforcement members who completed this important training. Ofc. Dan Reilly and Communication Specialist Joyce Antonino are our latest graduates., Officers found six local teens at a party on Medina Line Rd.  A total of 10 marijuana pipes, 2 marijuana grinders, and other assorted drug paraphernalia were recovered Friday night.  Two teens were charged with Possession of Drug Paraphernalia., Bath PD arrested a Cleveland man 27 minutes after he attempted to rob the Key Bank on Medina Rd. today at 1:56 p.m.  The man was found in a wooded area near Springside Drive., null, Please use caution in the area of Bath Rd and Cleve-Mass Rd. around noon today.  There will be numerous pedestrians in the roadway and crossing at the traffic light.  , Bath Township Facebook Page, Road Closure due to traffic accident:

Rt 18 WB is CLOSED at HAMETOWN and 

Hametown Rd is CLOSED at GRANGER Rd

Please avoid this area., The pictured Trek bicycle was left at the Bath Baseball Park.  The owner may claim the bicycle at the Bath PD by providing the correct serial number., null, Congratulations to the 2012 Bath Elementary DARE graduates.  The 200+  DARE students and staff combined a 1.5 mile hike and graduation ceremony at the Revere H.S. stadium to reinforce a commitment to a healthy lifestyle., Sgt. Kevin Moats graduated from the Police Executive Leadership College's 61st Session last Friday in Columbus.  PELC is a three month program for police executives which ensures its' graduates are enhancing their skills to make a positive difference in their community and department., Bath PD charged a 20 year old Cuyahoga Falls man with Fail to Control, Possession of Marijuana, and Underage Consumption of Alcohol after he crashed on Ira Rd. near Meadowvale Drive.  No one was injured., Bath PD, Bath FD, Richfield PD & FD, and the Ohio State Highway Patrol presented a mock crash at Revere High School.  Students had the opportunity to see the consequences of a drunk driving fatality crash.  We want our students to be safe this prom weekend!, null, CONFIDENTIAL RECYCLING & SHREDDING OF YOUR DOCUMENTS
SATURDAYS FROM 9:00AM — NOON
2012 COMMUNITY EVENTS FUNDED BY
For additional information call SASWMA at 330.374.0383 or visit saswma.org
MAY 12
STOW
SASWMA’s HHWRC 1201 Graham Road
NO HOUSEHOLD HAZARDOUS WASTE ACCEPTED AT THIS EVENT
JUNE 9
FAIRLAWN
Fairlawn Service Dept 3300 Fairlawn Service Dr.
Enter off of S. Smith Rd.
JULY 14
MACEDONIA
Macedonia’s
Administration Building
9699 Valley View Rd.
AUGUST 11
GREEN
Green’s Central
Administration Building 1755 Townpark Blvd.
SEPTEMBER 15
BARBERTON
BCF Sports Complex
841 Wooster Road West
Enter Wooster Rd. West only
OCTOBER 6
AKRON
The Job Center Parking Lot 1040 E Tallmadge Avenue
REMOVE & REUSE
> Binder Clips
> Rubber Bands
> Binders
> Paperclips
> Report Covers
> Hanging Files
> No Plastic
> Staples are okay
NOTE:
> Only Summit County
residents and businesses
are welcome to visit any
or all events!
> All paper shredded will
be recycled!
> Limit 10 file boxes or
shopping bags

SCRAP TIRE COLLECTIONS
APRIL AND JUNE
Summit County residents
can recycle their scrap tires for a $1/tire fee (cash only) on Saturdays, April 28, 2012 and June 2, 2012 from 9 am to 11am at the HHWRC 1201 Graham Road, Stow, Ohio. Tires can be on or off the rim. Passenger and light truck sized tires only.
Limit 10 tires per vehicle.
No tires from businesses accepted.

HHWRC
JULY THRU SEPTEMBER
Summit County residents only. No businesses, schools or churches. Opening day: Tuesday, July 3, 2012 – Wednesday, September 26, 2012. Days of operation are Tuesday 1:00-4:00 pm and Wednesday evenings 6:30 to 9:30pm. HHWRC accepts oil based paint (NO LATEX PAINT), motor oil, batteries, pesticides, and many other household chemicals. Tires are a $1 per tire cash only fee on or off the rim. Visit saswma.org to learn about properly managing latex paint and other program details.
FREE SHREDDING DAYS
MAY THRU OCTOBER, null, No one was injured after an unoccupied vehicle rolled down hill on Yellowcreek Rd., On Sunday an out of control car traveled over 1000 feet across five lanes of traffic, on N. Cleveland -Massillon Rd., before driving through the wall of a local business.  The driver was not seriously injured.  He was issued a traffic citation, null, Project Pride 2012, this weekend.  Please use caution as workers will be present on the roadways., null, null, Ofc. Vito Sinopoli represented law enforcement today at Senator Sherrod Brown's press conference.  He spoke in favor of the renewal of the Violence Against Women Act. , null, BPD charged a 35 year old Clinton man with Receiving Stolen Property, Theft, Possession of Drug Paraphernalia, and Possession of Criminal Tools after he fled the Five Below store. The suspect was apprehended near Montrose Ford. Officers recovered the stolen items from Five Below, checks stolen from West Akron, and instuments used for injecting heroin., Registration will begin for Bath Police Department's 2012 Safety Town program on March 22; the program will take place June 18 to 22.  Registration forms will be available online and in the lobby of the police department.  Safety Town is a five day summer safety program for children who will be entering kindergarten in the fall.  There are two time sessions, 9 to 11:15 am and 12:30 to 2:45 pm.  There is no charge to participate.  Only those residing in Bath Township or Revere School District will be accepted., null, The Ghent Rd Bridge construction has begun.  The Northbound lanes will be closed for the time being and traffic has been re-routed in the southbound lanes.  There will be one lane of travel northbound and one lane southbound on the bridge over I-77.  Use caution when traveling through this area., Bath PD Ofc. Honaker charged an Akron man Friday evening with Receiving Stolen Property after he recovered a stolen .380 semi-auto handgun inside the man's vehicle.  The gun was stolen from Canton.  The man, a convicted felon, was stopped in the 3800 blk of Medina Rd. for a traffic violation.  He was booked into the Summit County Jail., null, The Bath Police Department has charged a Revere Middle School student with inducing panic related to the threats that were made at school today.  This student has been booked into the Summit County Juvenile Justice Center.  All Revere Schools are open tomorrow.  There will be a Bath Police presence at the schools., FYI from ODOT - Detour notification!!

Martadale Road Bridge over I-77 will be closed completely March 5th for reconstruction. 

Please plan your routes according to this new change!!, A Comprehensive Approach to Teen Driver Safety..., A 56 year old Bath woman was charged with OVI (drunk driving) after she struck the utility pole in the 3800 block of Granger Rd on Thursday at 8:57 p.m.  The broken pole and utility line caused the roadway to be closed., Due to a utility pole and lines across the roadway at the 3800 block of Granger Road,  the road will be closed at Granger & Wye and Granger & Timerline until approximately 7:30 am, Showed about 7.5" just outside the building around 4:30 pm today, A view outside the Safety Building at 11:40 this morning, At 1:15 p.m. we have multiple traffic crashes on I-77.  You can view I-77 at www.buckeyetraffic.org.  , Good morning!  Roads remain snow covered as winds keep blowing the plowed snow.  There is an accident on I-77 N at S.R. 18. in Bath.  Several vehicles have slid off I-77 in neighboring communities., A fifth subject plead guilty today for her involvement in the June 27, 2011 Aggravated Burglary and Felonious Assault of a Bath resident on Lois Drive.  The wheelchair bound senior citizen was found on the floor of his home by a Mobile Meals representative the day after the crime.  All subjects will be sentenced later this month., null, Teen Dating Violence (TDV) is an unhealthy relationship that starts early in life and can last a lifetime. Dating violence occurs when harmful behaviors are repeated, creating a pattern of violence.

, Five seconds is the average time your eyes are off the road while texting. When traveling at 55mph, that's enough time to cover the length of a football field. (2009, VTTI)
, Bath PD charged a Cleveland man with OVI (drunk driving) after he drove his vehicle into the yard of a Bath resident.  The man believed he had arrived at his friends house in Solon.  His breath test was .21 (more than 2x the limit), Bath Police are attempting to identify this woman.  She was involved in a theft of liquor from a grocery market in Bath on January 22 at 4:09 p.m.  Anyone knowing her identity should contact Ofc. Ben Falconer at: bfalconer@bathtownship.org, The power has been restored at 6:17 a.m., As of 6 a.m. roads are snow covered and slick.  Martin Rd. at Ira Rd. is closed due to a tree fallen across the road.  Power is out as a result in the northern part of the township.  Revere Schools have closed due to the power outage., Bath PD stopped a suspicious vehicle in the Farmstead Rd. neighborhood after receiving calls for two days about suspicious subjects ringing doorbells and prowling around homes.  The pictured truck is their vehicle.  The company name has been blurred for this posting.  The vehicle occupants do have a criminal history.  All subjects were identified.  Please contact Bath PD at 330-666-3736 if the subjects return to your neighborhood., Bath Police responded to seven traffic crashes on Monday during the first snowstorm of 2012.  There were no serious injuries at any of the crashes.  Thus far on Tuesday there have been no traffic crashes., I-77 N at S.R. 18 now has one lane open., I-77 N at S.R. 18 is closed due to four car crash with two injuries, Bath Township has enjoyed a peaceful holiday season with no crimes of violence.  We wish everyone continued peace into the new year., Morning commuter traffic was disrupted by three traffic crashes in Bath.  A hit & run driver snapped a utility pole in half on Ira Rd. near Revere Rd.  Two vehicles collided on Cleve-Mass Rd. near Granger Rd.  Lastly, two vehicles crashed on Crystal Lake Rd. near Medina Rd.  There were no serious injuries at the crashes., Ofc. Dan Reilly responded to a suspicious person report at 9:06 a.m. on Rock Ridge Lane.  He arrested a 32 year old Atwater man who was removing items from a vacant house.  The man was wanted by Dallas Texas authorities for a probation violation warrant on an Assault offense.  He was booked into the Summit County Jail for Texas authorities., A 19 year old Struthers, Ohio man was cited for Failure to Contol his vehicle on Tuesday at 2:30 p.m. after his vehicle rolled over exiting I-77 at S.R. 18.  The man was not injured., Bath PD charged a 58 year old Akron man with Assault after he punched a man in a dispute over who was going to panhandle at the corner of Cleve-Mass Rd. and Medina Rd., Bath PD Officers responded to I-77 on Monday at 5:42 p.m. for multiple reports of a reckless pick-up truck.  The responding officer observed the vehicle almost cause a crash.  The vehicle was stopped and the 27 year old driver was arrested.  Recovered from the vehicle were multiple prescription drugs and a plate with white powder and straw., November 11, 2011 - Veteran's Day - Legal Holiday-Bath Township Offices Closed-No delay in trash service, During the four Sundays of November, Make it, Take it workshops will be held for children and adults who would like to design and create their own Victorian style tree ornaments.  All of the materials used in these sessions have been donated, so there is no charge for the items.  Workshop times are 2:00-3:00 on November 6, 13, 20 and 27.

, Bath Township beggar's night is this Sunday, October 30th from 5pm to 7pm.  Also the Bath Fire Department will have an open house from 6pm to 8pm., Bath PD officers arrested three Cleveland men on Tuesday at 1:30 p.m. for Attempt Burglary after they tried to break into an occupied home on Revere Rd.  Ofc. Dan Reilly pursued the suspects from the 800 blk of Revere to Shaw Rd.  The subjects were apprehended after they lost control of their vehicle.  All are in the Summit County Jail., The Bath PD partcipated in the American Cancer Society "Making Strides Against Breast Cancer" event at the University of Akron yesterday.  This was the second year for our team in this important fundraiser for research.  Thank you for your support!, Bath PD charged a 17 year old Maple Heights juvenile with Inducing Panic and Aggravated Menacing after receiving reports from motorists on I-77 of a subject waving a black pistol at them.  Reports were received on Friday at 3:08 p.m.  The subject was located by Ofc. Sinopli after investigation., Bath PD delivered 2,520 lbs. of food items to the Willard Food Pantry in Akron yesterday.  The generous contributions and support of the Revere Local Schools will feed 53 people for 30 days.  Thank you to all who participated!, Connor Vacha was located a short time ago.  He is safe and has been returned home.  Bath Police thank you for your assistance and concern!, Bath Police Department is currently looking for this missing juvenile, Connor Vacha. Connor is 15 years old, 6'6", 180 lbs, with brown hair and hazel eyes. Last seen 10-4-11 at school. Please contact Bath Police Department if you have any information at 330.666.3736. Thank you., Bath Police Department is currently looking for this missing juvenile, Connor Vacha.  Connor is 15 years old, 6'6", 180 lbs, with brown hair and hazel eyes.  Last seen 10-4-11 at school.  Please contact Bath Police Department if you have any information at 330.666.3736.  Thank you., Bath Police are investigating a residential burglary in the 4600 block of Granger Rd.  It occurred between 8:30 a.m. and 11:30 a.m today.  The suspect stole a big screen TV.  An Echo Hills Rd. resident reported a suspicious white male in her garage at 1:00 p.m. today.  He left in a white Ford Focus.  Residents should report suspicious persons to 9-1-1., A 9-11 tribute at the University of Akron football game.  Thanks to all safety forces and military personnel who assisted in displaying the flag, Bath PD members proudly displayed their 9-11 tribute at the University of Akron Zips football game this past Saturday.  We also had the honor of displaying the stars and stripes at halftime., Jacquan Proctor plead guilty today at Summit County Common Pleas Court.  This individual had been involved in the violation of a protection order and menacing a Bath Hills resident.  He was sentenced to five years in prison as a result of the good work by Ofc. Grant Van Fossen and Lt. Richard Munsey., Ofc. Vito Sinopoli has been selected as the recipient of the 2011 Lieutenant Ed Duvall Detective of the Year Award.  The award is presented by the Summit County Childrens Services, Akron Children's Hospital and the Akron police Department.  http://www.newsnet5.com/dpp/news/local_news/akron_canton_news/bath-township-officer-named-detective-of-the-year, Bath Safety Forces felt the earthquake from Mineral, VA here - it was a 5.8 just SE of Washington DC and NE of Richmond, VA at 1:51 pm today - no damage has been reported in Bath., Bath Rd at Shade Rd is CLOSED due to a fallen tree.  The County Road Department is en route to remove the tree., Amelia Shambaugh had a great love for police dogs.  Local police canine handlers and their dogs lined the Grace Church driveway as their tribute to Amelia.  Bath PD thanks the K-9 Officers from Akron PD, Barberton PD, Brimfield PD, Cuyahoga Falls PD, Stow PD, and the Summit County Sheriff's Office for their support.  We all pray for Amelia., Bath PD was assisted by Motor Officers from the University of Akron PD and Copley PD this week during the funeral processions for the Copley shooting victims.  We thank you for your service!, The Bath PD invites you to the Bath Community Day Parade on Saturday, August 6 at 11:00 a.m. to see our float recognizing the 10th anniversary of the 9-11 attack on America.  The float is a tribute to all who were fallen on 9-11-2001.  The service and sacrifice of the 72 law enforcement officers who laid down their lives that day will always be remembered.  , This was a a great collaborative effort by all!, The Richfield Sweet Corn Challenge Bicycle Event begins Sunday, July 31 at 7:00 a.m.  Motorists should expect hundreds of bicycles on the roads throughout the day.  Please drive defensively and enjoy a beautiful Sunday!, ON TUESDAY, JULY 26TH, 2011 AT 12:38 PM, BATH EMERGENCY PERSONNEL RESPONDED TO THE 500 BLOCK OF N. HAMETOWN ROAD TO INVESTIGATE A REPORTED CRY FOR HELP.

AN EXTENSIVE SEARCH BY SAFETY FORCES THROUGH THE HEAVY VEGETATION WAS CONDUCTED AND MR. ARTHUR COLE WAS FOUND ALIVE. HE WAS COHERENT AND SPEAKING WITH BATH SAFETY FORCES.

MR. COLE WAS TRANSPORTED TO AN AREA HOSPITAL FOR EVALUATION., Mr. Cole has been located.  He is being transported to an area hospital for evaluation., As of 6:00 P.M. Mr. Cole is still missing.  Bath PD initiated a reverse alert call to an area in Akron where he had previously visited.  We followed up two responses but did not locate him.  Bath residents are asked to walk their property, check barns, sheds and parked autos for Mr. Cole.  Your response has been terrific., Door to door solicitors are required to register with Summit County.  There are multiple unregistered solicitors working in the area.  Bath PD responded to several citizen reports today and arrested two solicitors wanted by police in Cuyahoga and Medina County.  One of the arrested persons had a history of violence.

Report suspicious activity to Bath PD at 330-666-3736., Bath PD and The State Highway Patrol are working on an injury traffic accident at Rt 18 and Crystal Lake Rd. Please use an alternate route when traveling through this area., All lanes of I 77 north and south are open!, I 77 Southbound is shutdown North of Ghent Rd for a motor vehicle accident with injuries. Please use an alternate route until it is reopened., Please use caution in your morning travels.  Due to heavy rainfall overnight there is alot of water and debris in roadways., null, Manager of Gamestop reports the theft of two Nintendo "Wii" game systems.  On July 12, 2011 an unknown  white male approximately 30 years of age with thin build entered the store at 1925 hours and relocated a refurbished game system from a front display area to another location in the store.  An unknown white female approximately twenty five years of age is then observed on surveillance video conceal the game system in her purse and the two then exited the store without making payment for the same.  

The same two individuals returned to the store on July 13, 2011 at 1530 hours, concealed another game system in the female's purse and then left the store without making payment.  Surveillance video was obtained relative this incident., Summit County Recycling Center closing early this year!! July 27 is the last day!, A Shade Rd. resident was sentenced today in U.S. District Court to 51 months in prison and ordered to pay $533,000 in restitution for his role in the thefts of Chevrolet Corvettes. Great work by OSP, FBI, and Det. Lance., A 17 year old Fairlawn resident was charged with assault after an unprovoked attack on a Bath resident near Herberich School.  The Bath resident sustained facial injuries and a damaged tooth.  Ofc. Sinopoli and Ofc. Oubre's good work led to the arrest., Thanks to Bath business "Tan-N-Beyond" and their clients for the recent food drive.  Bath PD Officer Scott Barb and a Revere H.S. student delivered the generous donation to the Willard U.C.C. Food Bank yesterday.  Many families will benefit!, Ofc. Dan Reilly arrested a Copley man for drunk driving at 12:28 a.m. after he drove his truck the wrong way into the McDonald's Drive-Thru Menu Board.  The man's alcohol test was .121, Ofc. Mike Gabel charged a 17 year old Copley man with Drug Abuse after he recovered 24 grams of marijuana from his vehicle.  The vehicle was stopped in the vicinity of North Shore & Tulip Drive.  Also recovered was a digital scale., The Summit County Engineer’s office will be closing a portion of Shaw Road at the intersection of Ghent Ridge in Bath Township for a crossover pipe replacement Tuesday, June 28, 2011. This will be a one day closure beginning at approximately 8:00 a.m. and ending at approximately 3:00 p.m. Detour routes go from Shaw Road to North Hametown Road to Granger Road., Ofc. Sinopoli arrested a 21 year old Cleveland woman for Deception to Obtain a Dangerous Drug on Friday.  The female used forged prescriptions at Acme and four Fairlawn pharmacies to obtain drugs.  She was found to be wanted by four other police departments.  She was taken to the Summit County Jail., Bath Police arrested a wanted Stow man yesterday at 2:00 p.m. after he was observed with a second subject removing scrap iron from a driveway in the 3100 block of Ira Rd.  The man was wanted for a drug offense., A large tree has fallen near the 3100-Block of Yellow Creek Road and is blocking both sides of the roadway.  Emergency crews are on the way, but for now the road is impassable.  Thank you., Bath PD apprehended a burglary suspect at 5:12 a.m. with the assistance of Fairlawn PD.  Officers responded to an alarm at a Pine Point Rd. residence. The rear door was forced open.  The suspect was found trying to get back to the stolen auto he had been driving.  The 42 year old Akron man was booked into the Summit County Jail., Cleveland-Massillon Rd. is now open.  A motorist had fallen asleep and struck the utility pole causing wires to be draped across the road.  No one was injured., N Cleve-Mass Rd is CLOSED between Everett Rd and Ira Rd due to lines down from an accident., Bath PD searched the Bath Hills area and Yellow Creek area for four hours this morning for a burglar.  The suspect is a diabetic white male, 6'1", 180 lbs., last seen wearing a khaki tee-shirt and khaki cargo pants.  He burglarized a house on Revere Drive as well as Wilson's Garage on Cleve-Mass.  Call 911 if you see him., The Summit County Health Department will spray for mosquitoes in Bath Township on June 15th (Wednesday)beginning at 8:30 p.m.    The spray schedule can be view on the Summit County Health District’s website at www.schd.org. , Congratulations to the Old Trail School first grade students who assited at the Willard United Church of Christ Food Bank this school year.  The students received Certificates of Appreciation from the Bath Police Dept. at the year end picnic.  Thank you for making a positive difference in the Akron community!, Jaquan Proctor was arrested early this morning by Akron PD.  Bath PD Ofc. Mike Gabel provided the tip leading to the arrest.  Proctor was wanted by BPD for Violation of a Protection Order.  He jumped from a 2nd story window in an attempt to escape arrest., Please be advised that the Haverfield Aviation Co. will be performing helicopter inspections on 69kv and 138kv transmission lines in Ohio Edison, beginning June 1st, and continuing for approximately three months.  The helicopter will be flying approximately 10mph along these transmission lines. The helicopter will circle each structure for a close inspection and to obtain any needed photographs., Reminder - Memorial Day Service @ Bath Veterans Memorial on Monday @ noon. We anticipate closing W.Bath Rd. Between Cleve-Mass Rd. and Ghent Ridge Rd. at 11:00 a.m. We will re-open the road after the service. Thank you Veterans for your sacrifices., Memorial Day Service @ Bath Veterans Memorial on Monday @ noon.  We anticipate closing W.Bath Rd. Between Cleve-Mass Rd. and Ghent Ridge Rd. at 11:00 a.m.  We will re-open the road after the service.  Thank you Veterans for your sacrifices., Rt 18 WB, between Creekrun and Hametown, is partially blocked (in the low speed lane) due to a tree on powerlines.  ODOT is en route.  Expect delays in this area., Per the County Road Dept Medina Line Rd is now back open in the area of Medina Line Rd and Remson.  They are no other current road closures at this time in Bath Twp! A flood warning remains in effect until 2pm today! Drive safe!, Medina Line Road is CLOSED between Remsen Rd and Everett Rd due to fallen trees and power lines.  Please avoid this area., As of 8:30 p.m. Bath PD has not had any reports of trees down or loss of power.  There is standing water on Medina Line at Remsen; as well as Ira Rd. & Firestone Trace.  There have been no traffic accidents., Bath PD arrested a 27 year old Bath man at 12:30 a.m. for disorderly conduct in the 3700 block of Granger Rd.  The officer drove the man home to the 4300 block of Granger Rd.  They found a marijuana grow operation at the house.  Officers recovered 53 marijuana plants, drug instruments, and 13 morphine pills., Bath Road is now back open, there is a tree down in the area of the 1500 block of North Revere, crews are cleaning it up at this time., Bath Rd is CLOSED between Shade Rd and Revere Rd due to a large tree blocking lanes of travel.  Please plan an alternate route this morning., Bath PD participated in the nationwide DEA sponsored prescription drug take-back day on Saturday.  Citizens turned in approximately 30 lbs. of unwanted medications.  Thanks to all who turned in unused medications., Bath Police will be partcipating in Project Pride on Saturday.  Project Pride is a community wide effort to remove trash from alongside the roadways.  Pedestrians will be walking alongside the roads between 9:00 a.m. and noon.  Please drive slowly in areas where citizens are working.  Thanks!, Cleve-Mass Road is now open again to all traffic., Bath Police have closed Cleveland-Massillon Road completely between Granger Road and Bath Road.  The road will remain closed until First Energy can complete their repairs., Cleve-Mass Rd. is closed between W. Bath Rd. & Granger Rd.  Electric pole is at 45 degree angle across road.  Wires are live.  First Energy is notified., As of 6:10 a.m. we are not aware of any power outages in Bath.  However, Granger Rd. is blocked east of Crystal Lake by a fallen tree.  Also an electric pole on Cleve-Mass near Ghent Hills is leaning toward the road.  First Energy was notified., Bath Rd is now completely open in both directions. Power should be restored to most areas.  If your power is still out please call First Energy at 800-633-4766., This is a sketch of the West Point burglar's truck.  Anyone with information about this crime should contact Lt. Richard Munsey at 330-666-3736., Bath PD is attempting to identify the white male who burglarized a home in the 600 blk of West Point.  He is 30-35 years old, 6' and 180 lbs.  He was driving a blue pick-up truck with no front plate., As of 1:30 p.m. the 3100 block of W. Bath Rd. is closed due to live electric wires down.  The 3900 block of W. Bath Rd. is closed due to live wire down., A residence in the 4300 blk of Fryman Drive was entered through an open garage door on Wednesday between 12:30 p.m. and 4:15 p.m.  Multiple video games were stolen.  Residents are reminded to secure your doors even if you are leaving for a short period.  Report suspicious activity to 9-1-1., We just had an attempted breaking and entering on Westpoint Dr in Bath. Supect is a white male driving a blue pick-up truck with no front plate.  If you see any vehicle fitting this description please call Bath PD 330-666-3736., Bath Twp, Village of Richfield, Revere Schools, ODOT, and Summit County Engineer met yesterday to discuss traffic and pedestrian safety around the Revere Schools.  Bath PD is interested in knowing your concerns.  How can we improve traffic and pedestrian safety near the schools?, Bath PD are looking for Jaquan T. Proctor, 27 years old, 5'05", 150 lbs.  He ran from a Summit County Courtroom this afternoon where he was appearing for multiple criminal offenses.  He may visit the San Moritz Drive area.  Call 911 if you see this man.  Do not approach him., Bath PD arrested three New Jersey men for multiple thefts from Montrose retail stores last night.  The men were caught after they fled on foot from their stolen van on Wheatly Rd. near I-77.  Approximately $2,000 of merchandise was recovered.  The suspects were booked into the Summit County Jail., The roads in Bath Township are slippery and snow covered, please use caution while driving tonight. Medina Line Rd is completely closed in the 1800 block., Summit County Free Shredding Days will begin again on April 16th. Click on the link below for info on times and dates. , Yellow Creek Rd. has re-opened.  The Ohio Highway Patrol investigated the single vehicle crash.  We extend our deepest sympathy to the family,, Yellow Creek Rd near Cleve-Mass Pd remains closed due to a traffic fatality that occcurred at 3:00 a.m.  Bath PD anticipates the road will re-open within an hour., Bath PD offers it's condolences to the Sandusky Police Department for the loss of Officer Andrew Dunn., Congratulations to Sgt. Michael Clar for graduation from the 58th session of the Police Executive Leadership College on Friday.  The three month leadership program for police supervisors now has over 1,700 graduates from three midwestern states., Ofc. Jon South arrested a 30 year old Bath resident for drunk driving after he crashed his vehicle into the AGMC Health & Wellness Center sign at 12:10 a.m. on Saturday.  The man refused to take an alcohol breath test., ****REMINDER**** - Daylight Savings Time begins tonight at 2am.  Don't forget to SPRING FORWARD.  This is also a good time to change your smoke detector batteries!!, As of 5:35 a.m Bath roads are passable.  We have responded to two calls for vehicles in a ditch.  Conditions can change quickly.  Allow extra time for your commute and extra space between the car ahead of you.  We are ready to help., Ofc. Van Fossen arrested  John C. Swartout, 33, of Aurora after a meth lab was discovered inside his 1999 Acura.  Swartout was stopped on I-77 south of S.R. 18.  He was wanted by Aurora PD.  Bath PD charged Swartout with two felony offenses and one misdemeanor.  He was booked into the Summit County Jail., Bath Road is now open, Due to high flood waters, Bath Road just W of Hametown will be closed until further notice., As of 5:20 a.m. Bath roads have about 2" of new snow.  Roads are slick and snow covered.  Snow is falling at a quick rate making it difficult for plows to keep up.  Bath PD has handled only one accident so far on the midnight shift., Bath PD charged a 40 year old Akron man with Kidnapping, Abduction, and Domestic Violence after he entered a Granger Rd. residence this morning.  The man was armed with a shotgun and auto pistol during the event.  The victim suffered minor injury., There is a tractor trailer accident on I-77 at the 140.3 MM.  Traffic is slow going, The Bath Police Department offers its condolences to the family of Uniontown Police Department Captain Dan Stiles., As of 5:30 a.m. this morning Bath roadways are plowed but slushy.  There have been no reported accidents in Bath.  Roads will be icy in spots.  Also, ice is falling from trees and powerlines., I-77 south is completely closed at Ridgewood Road.  Highway Patrol stated road will be closed for about two hours.  Bath Township roads are in good shape.  However, a freezing rain is expected this morning., Hit skip, happened this evening at 6:06 pm on Medina Rd (RT 18) near the Holiday Inn. Vehicle we are looking for is a older model Camry - red in color.  Any info contact Officer Lavery 330-666-3736., A pest control employee plead guilty on January 7 after being charged for the September 2010 Sexual Imposition on a Bath resident.  Kristopher Cottrell, 29, inappropiately touched a female during a service call.  Det. Debra Yarcheck's excellent investigation lead to the plea., Roads in Bath TWP are deteriorating rapidly.  If you do not need to be on the road; please stay home., Ofc. Mike Gabel tracked a 20 yr old man in the snow after he fled on foot from a traffic crash on Saturday.  The man ran from Herberich Elementary to Bath Hills Park on Revere Rd.  He was charged with drunk driving and unauthorized use of a motor vehicle.  The car was taken from Akron.  Smith Rd. was closed for an hour., Bath Township observed a 20% decrease in crime in 2010 from 2009.  The greatest decrease was in burglaries and thefts.  There were only seven crimes of violence reported.  We thank you for your help in this achievement., Bath roads are ice covered.  There are multiple accidents across the Township. Salt trucks are deployed and working as quickly as possible., The men and women of the Bath Police Department wish you a season of peace during this holiday weekend!, Ofc. Sinopoli observed a suspicious male in the West Market Plaza on Saturday at    6 p.m.  He stopped the man and determined he had just committed thefts at Acme, T.J. Maxx, and a third store.  The man was also wanted by Stow PD and Akron PD.  He was arrested without incident., Bath Police have scheduled extra staff for Monday and Tuesday's anticipated snow storm.  You can help us by checking on elderly neighbors.  Contact us if you need help., Sgt. Steve Brown interdicted two packages of marijuana being shipped in a box containing golf clubs.  A local delivery service company noted a strong odor from the box.  A police K-9 alerted to the marijuana odor leading to the recovery of the contraband.  The investigation is continuing., Ofc. Scott Barb charged a 46 year old Medina resident for a theft from a motor vehicle parked at Lowes on Monday.  A citizen witnessed the suspect enter a work van and steal tools. The suspect was apprehended by Akron PD after a look-out was broadcast by Ofc. Barb., Happy Thanksgiving!  Remember to secure packages in the automobile trunk when shopping this season.  Ladies, please don't leave purses in shopping carts.  Together we will make this a safe holiday season.  The Bath Police are thankful to work in this terrific community., Ofc. Scott Barb and Ofc. Steve Wolf assisted BFD with the rescue of two teens who fell 100' from a cliff at Camp Christopher today.  One teen was lifeflighted by helicopter to Akron Children's Hospital.  The second teen was transported by ambulance.  The teen's conditions are unknown., Bath Police received a 911 call from a cell phone on Sunday with the caller screaming "put down the knife."  Cellular calls do not display the caller's location like a landline phone.  Communication Specialist Tracie Tsai used available technology to pinpoint the satellite coordinates and identify the caller's location.  Sgt. Steve Brown and Ofc. Mike Gabel responded to the scene and arrested a knife wielding woman., The Summit County Engineer reopened the Yellow Creek Bridge today.  Traffic is no longer being detoured., East Ohio / Dominion gas is bleeding natural gas lines in the Akron and Bath areas today - expect a strong odor of natural gas outside in some areas for the next few hours., Jeffrey K. Christ plead guilty on Oct. 18 to Abduction, Menacing by Stalking, Domestic Violence, and Violation of a Protection Order, for the May 2, 2010 incident at 870 Cleve-Mass Rd.  Christ, 39 years old, was sentenced to approximately five years incarceration.  He was placed on two years of community control and three years probation in lieu of incarceration., MADD Northeastern Ohio recognized Bath PD Officer Ben Falconer last night at their 30th Recognition Dinner in Independence.  Ofc. Falconer has arrested numerous drunk driving offenders this year and was presented a "Top Cop" award., Bath Police charged Bath resident Brian Littell, 46, with Cultivation of Marijuana (Felony) and Having Weapons Under Disability (Felony) in connection with the seizure of 18 marijuana plants from his residence.  The plants yielded 28 lbs. of marijuana (pictured)., Thanks to Acme Fresh Market, Summit County Safe Kids, and Akron DEA for their assistance Saturday during the nation drug take-back program.  Bath PD collected 165 lbs. of unwanted prescription medications during the event at Acme.  Bath PD has now collected 1,000 lbs. of unwanted medications this year.  Our children and environment are safe from these drugs., Ofc. Jon South arrested a 52 year old Bath man for OVI (drunk driving), Possession of Marijuana, and Possession of Drug Paraphernalia after he crashed his BMW through two fences and struck a tree at Medina Line Rd. and Everett Rd.  The accident occurred at 10:36 p.m. last Thursday.  The man was booked into the Summit County Jail after becoming combative with the Officers., The Montrose Walmart generously assisted a less fortunate mom by donating a child car seat.  Officers found a vehicle broken down near I-77 & Ghent Rd. and a three year old child unsecured in the car.  Officers were able to assist the motorist with the car.  The Montrose Walmart and Bath PD Communication Specialist Lisa Baker assisted with the donation and installation of the car seat.  Thanks Walmart for being a great community partner!, Bath PD & Summit County Drug Unit seized 18 marijuana plants and 15 guns from a Fairway Dr. home yesterday.  The marijuana operation had a sophisticated venting system inside the house.  The plants are valued at $20,000+.  Criminal charges will be filed on a resident., Bath Service Department found a camera case and camera on a bench in the Bath Community Park. Please call the Bath Police Dept. (330) 666-3736 and provide a description to claim the property. Thanks!, Ofc. J. South and Ofc. L. Oubre arrested a 20 year old Richfield man for OVI after he turned left in front of a northbound auto on Cleve-Mass Rd. at Spring Valley Rd. on Thur., Sept. 2, at 9:50 P.M.  This was the 43rd drunk driving arrest in 2010 in Bath., Ofc. Vito Sinopoli monitored a look-out for a vehicle wanted in connection with a Burglary of a Copley construction site.  He stopped the suspect vehicle on August 30 at 7:40 p.m. on Medina Rd. at Crystal Lake Rd.  The two Akron residents in the vehicle were arrested and charged by Copley Police.  Ofc. Sinopoli's good work stopped these subjects from commiting any further crimes in Bath or Copley., A Copley man was charged with Reckless Operation after he lost control of his BMW on the northbound ramp to I-77 from S.R. 18 at 1:15 p.m.  His vehicle left the roadway, crashed through a fence, struck a lightpole, and a parked car in the Hampton Inn parking lot.  A passenger in the BMW was transported to a local hospital with non-life threatening injuries., Sgt. Scott Borton arrested Mick Stevenson, 33 years old, of Cuyahoga Falls for Receiving Stolen Property (Felony) and Possession of Drugs (Felony) after spotting Stevenson in a parked auto about 200' off the road in the 2100 block of Ira Rd.  Stevenson was found to be in possession of a ladies purse stolen from Akron and several Oxycodone pills.  He was booked into the Summit County Jail., Ofc. Gabel and Ofc. Barb seized approximately a dozen marijuana plants growing along utility power lines.  Anyone found cultivating marijuana in the areas of power lines, parks, etc., is subject to criminal trespass charges in addition to the cultivation charge., Ofc. Dan Reilly was checking parking lots in the Montrose retail area in response to a rash of thefts from auto in Copley.  He observed a suspicious male walking between vehicles at the Barnes & Noble parking lot.  Ofc Reilly stopped the subject and determined he was wanted on multiple felony arrest warrants in Cuyahoga County.  The Northfield resident was also on parole from an Ohio prison.  He was arrested and taken to the Summit County Jail., Ofc. Grant Van Fossen arrested a Copley woman for OVI (drunk driving) after she was observed driving north in the southbound lanes of I-77 on July 23 at 11:35 p.m.  She tested at an alcohol level of .158.  No one was hurt., Bath Detective Debra Yarcheck's year long multi-jurisdictional investigation into a $100,000+ theft concluded today when Fairlawn resident Michael Bukuts was sentenced to a 12 year prison sentence for his financial crimes.  Bukuts stole confidential client information from his former employer.  There were 71 identified victims, many elderly.  Great work by Det. Yarcheck, Hudson PD, Akron PD, Fairlawn PD, and the Summit County Prosecutor., Ofc. Ben Falconer stopped a pick-up truck on Sunday, July 25 at 12:30 a.m., in the Taco Bell parking lot.  The driver was arrested for driving with multiple license suspensions.  An inventory search of his vehicle found 8.5 grams of cocaine behind the passengers seat.  The Copley man was booked into the Summit County Jail., Bath Police responded on July 19 at 11:00 p.m. to a loud party on Barnsleigh Drive.  Officers found numerous teens, alcohol, and drugs.  A nineteen year old Akron man was arrested for Possession of Drugs and Drug Paraphernalia.  Several juveniles were detained and turned over to their parents., Theft Suspect Arrested- Akron PD arrested Patrick Nist last night for Receiving Stolen Property.  Nist was in possession of property stolen from the Everett Rd. theft earlier in the month.  Nist of N. Portage Path Rd. in Akron is in the Summit County Jail., Missing Person-  Missing from Bath is Dakota Berg, 15 years old, 5'2", 130 lbs.  Dakota left her residence on July 15 at 7:30 p.m. and has not been seen since.  She may be with friends in the area.  Anyone with informationis asked to call Bath Police at 330-666-3736., Bath PD charged two men in the June 27 daytime Burglary of a home on Top-O-Hill Drive.  The subjects entered the attached garage while the resident was doing yardwork.  A third subject has fled the area., Bath Police took a report for a theft from an auto in the 3700 block of Everett Rd.  Richfield PD had multiple reports of thefts at the same time.  The thefts occured overnight Sunday into Monday.  Lock your cars and garage doors at night., Thanks to all who participated in the American Cancer Society Relay for Life event at Revere High School this weekend.  Bath PD members walked in memory of Bath Communication Specialist Bill Martin.  The event was a success because of you., Strange but true- Ofc. Scott Barb was called to a local bank.  A customer who had filled out his banking slip left a vial of cocaine on the counter!  The officer confiscated the drugs for destruction., BPD Officer Ben Falconer arrested a Bellevue, Ohio man for multiple drug offenses on Sat., June 5.  The suspect had 30 grams (g) of Ecstacy; 5 g of Hashish; 116 doses of LSD; 5 g of Marihuana; 8 Oxycodone; and 2 Xanax.  The subject is charged with two felonies., Thanks to the Acme Fresh Market #15 @ 3979 Medina Rd. in Bath for hosting the Unwanted Medication Disposal project last Saturday.  Bath PD & volunteers from Stow Dental collected over 8,000 prescription pills.  Our children and environment benefit from your efforts!, Bath PD made two OVI (drunk driving) arrests at opposite ends of the spectrum over the Memorial Day weekend.  A 60 year old Granger Twp.man was charged after he fell over drunk on his motorcycle.  A 16 year old Bath resident was charged after being stopped for bad driving.  No one was hurt., The Bath PD, Akron PD, and Safe Kids Coalition of Summit County collected 79 lbs. of unused prescription medications at a Safe Kids event at the Akron Metro Transist Station.  Prescription medication abuse is unfortunately a real danger to our youth.

Thanks to APD, Safe Kids Coalition of Summit County, Metro, and all who dropped off their prescription medications this past Saturday!, Bath residents learned how to take burglary preventive measures around their home this past Saturday at Lowes Home Improvement.  Lowes has many hardware items that will secure your windows and doors.  Indoor and outdoor lighting appliances are always an excellent choice.

Lt. Munsey and Sgt. Moats were on hand to answer safety questions.  The Bath PD enjoyed visiting with everyone who attended., Burglary Prevention Workshop- Join the Bath PD and Lowes Home Improvement specialists on Saturday, May 22 between 9:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m at the Montrose Lowes for a burglary prevention workshop.  Learn how to increase the security of your home or business.  

Cleveland Indians mascot Slider and WMJI radio will also be on site that day.  

Lowes is located at 186 N. Cleveland-Massillon Rd. in Bath Township., Fairlawn police have released an artist's sketch of a man suspected of trying to abduct a teenage girl Sunday night., Did you know that digital copiers have hard drives?  These devices store every piece of information copied, scanned, etc.  Before selling your digital copier you should remove the hard drive.  URL=http://www.cbsnews.com/video/watch/?id=6412572n. Thank you Officer Barb for sharing this information!, Kidnapping suspect Jeffrey Christ was arrested this morning by Akron PD.  Thanks APD!, Wanted for Kidnapping that occured today at approximately 2:30 p.m. at Gasoline Alley- Jeffrey Christ, white male, 38 years old.  He is driving the victims vehicle, a 2004 Ford Explorer with Ohio plate EJE-7412.  He may be armed.  Call Bath PD at 330-666-3736 if you see the vehicle., Congratulations to all those honored this morning at the Summit County Children Services Community Appreciation Breakfast.  Special thanks to Bath PD members Lisa Baker, Angela Potter, Dave Ellinger, Dan Lance, Vito Sinopoli, Mike Gabel, Mike Zorena, and Marcie Mason.  These members particpate on the Child Abduction Response Team or assist with our Youth Services program., Bath Police Officer Steve Wolf arrested a 41 year old Akron man at 2:00 p.m. after he  stole a purse from a woman in the Acme parking lot.  The suspect fled on foot before he was captured by Ofc. Wolf in front of the Holiday Inn.  Great job by Ofc. Wolf and Acme Loss Prevention!, SCAM- A Bath resident received a telephone call on 04-28 from a person claiming to be from a firm that assists citizens obtain new medical cards.  The subject requested the victim's social security number and bank routing number.  This is a SCAM!, On 04-27 a witness observed a subject stealing hubcaps from a car parked at Old Navy.  The witness provided the license plate number of the suspect to the victim.  Bath PD needs the witness to contact Sgt. Brown at 330-666-3736., Bath PD tracked vehicle traffic on Granger Rd. near Timerline Rd. from 04-21 to 04-25.  10,808 vehicle passed through that area.  74.4% were below the posted speed limit of 40 mph.  Only 0.4% were at 51 mph or higher.  Speed is not the primary cause of accidents in that area., 1st quarter 2010 vs. 1st quarter 2009- Bath crime has decreased 18% overall. 1st quarter 2010 vs. 1st quarter 2009- Bath burglaries have decreased by 33%., PROJECT PRIDE-Please join the Bath Police Department on Sat., April 24 at 9:00 a.m. at Bath Elementary School to help pick up trash along the roadways.  We will be finished by noon., Scam in Montrose- A black male has approached females at Steak & Shake as well as DSW Shoes asking for money.  He states his family is stranded in a vehicle out of gas.  He becomes aggressive when told no.  This is a scam.  Call 911 if approached by this man., "Addictive behaviors in young people: recognize the signs and get the tools to take action" An educational, informative and FREE presentation for adults about compulsive/addictive behaviors in our youth will be held on Thursday, April 15, 2010 from 6:30-8:00 PM at Revere High School Library, 3420 Everett Road, Richfield, Ohio 44286.  Please contact (330) 659-4750 for further information., A Copley/Bath area group of parents with children who are alcohol/drug addicts has started a Families Anonymous chapter. The Support Group meets Sunday nights, 6 PM at Stony Hill Fire Station, 4570 Medina Road (parking is accessed off Scenic View Drive). FA is for relatives and friends concerned about a loved one's abuse of alcohol or drugs and related behavioral problems. FA is based on the 12 Step framework used by Alcoholics Anonymous. There are no dues or membership fees. For further information, call Cathy at 216-570-3722 or Ed at 330-697-0880 or visit www.FamiliesAnonymous.org, Granger Road closure below, see notes for full information., Bath Police arrested a St. Patrick's Day reveler at 12:54 a.m. today after he crashed a stolen car into a guardrail on I-77.  The vehicle was stolen from Cleveland earlier on St. Patrick's Day.  Timothy Marshall was charged with OVI (drunk driving).  His level was .192., How do you spot a conartist?  Credit Card Fraud, Investment and Retirement Theft, and Stolen Identities are all on the rise in your community and others.  Follow the advice of the Ohio Department of Commerce to protect yourself.

http://www.com.ohio.gov/secu/docs/HowToSpotAConArtist.pdf, Police are investigating a residential burglay that occurred at approximately 3:00 a.m. this morning in the 4500 block of W. Bath Road.  The suspects broke open the front door to the residence and entered the occupied home.  No one was harmed and it appears nothing was stolen., The Summit County Engineer's Office has placed additional signage along the "S" curves on Granger Road near Timberline Drive.  This is near the recent accident where the car drove into a house.  Bath Police will be conducting enhanced traffic enforcement in this area throughout the spring and summer.  Please drive safely!, Bath Police Department needs your help identifying a suspect who forcibly entered the Circle K gas station and removed store merchandise.  The suspect left in a silver Ford Focus 4 door., Step #3 Be Informed - http://www.ready.gov/america/beinformed/index.html, Step #2 - Get a Kit:  http://www.ready.gov/america/getakit/, U.S. Department of Homeland Security:  Three Basic Steps to Protect Your Family in the Event of a Disaster.

Step #1 Make a Kit - http://www.ready.gov/america/makeaplan/index.html, Bath Township Parks have a 1/2 mile buffer zone preventing activity for hunting.  To view the map detailing the buffer zones access the following pdf file:

http://www.bathtownship.org/Administration%20folder/halfmileparksbuffer.pdf, Bath Police Department needs your help, in locating the wanted persons posted below, which also can be found in the notes section. If you have any information please contact us immediately at (330)-666-3736. Officers caution to not approach these individuals alone, contact police, Wanted Persons, A 16 year old male driver traveling east on Granger Road lost control of his Jeep Cherokee and struck a house on Sunday.  The Dominion gas line was damaged causing an evacuation of surrounding homes.  The teen was not injured., U.S. Postal Inspection Service is the federal law enforcement arm of the Post Office.  Township Officers work closely with these special agents pertaining to matters impacting their jurisdiction.  The link below contains Anti-Fraud videos for the pubic.   https://postalinspectors.uspis.gov/pressroom/videos.aspx, Telephone Scam Bath Township - 02/01/10, BATH POLICE ALERT:  Detectives are seeking assistance from the Facebook Community about a telephone scam that is currently affecting township residents.  For more information about the incident, see the NOTES section on this site., Combating Terrorism is the responsibility of every American.  Law Enforcement relies heavily on the general public for assistance in this area.  For more information on what you can do, and what to look for, access the web page "The Cell" and view the video "8 Signs of Terrorism".  Remember, to speak to a detective call 330.666.3736

http://thecell.org/wp/8-signs-of-terrorism-video/, "Know the Rules...Internet Safety Quiz for Adults"

http://www.missingkids.com/missingkids/servlet/PageServlet?LanguageCountry=en_US&PageId=3600, Parents Guide for Keeping Their Kids Safe while they use the Internet, E-mail, Chat and Texting.  Visit the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children at www.missingkids.com or see the article directedly at:

http://www.missingkids.com/missingkids/servlet/PageServlet?LanguageCountry=en_US&PageId=3601, If you believe you are a victim of Identity Theft, follow the advice from the U.S. Federal Trade Commission called "DEFEND: Recover From Identity Theft". 

http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/microsites/idtheft/consumers/defend.html, The U.S. Postal Inspection Service has stated that IDENTITY THEFT is one of America's fastest growing crimes.  Bath Township residents are not immune from these criminal acts.  See the USPS publication titled, "Identity Theft: Stealing Your Name and Your Money" that is attached.  https://postalinspectors.uspis.gov/investigations/MailFraud/fraudschemes/mailtheft/IDProtectName.aspx, The Bath Township Police Department is a contributing member of the U.S. Marshals Service (USMS) "Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force".  As such, an officer is assigned to assist the USMS with apprehending federal fugitives.  Please review the local fugitive investigations and pass along any information about these cases, or others, to a detective at 330-666-3736.

http://www.usmarshals.gov/district/oh-n/fugitives/index.html, Do you need to know if a traffic crash report has been filed by Bath Township Police? You can see the initial report for free at the below listed link.  The complete report can be obtained by calling 330-666-3736.

http://report.department-online.com/Search.aspx?Id=afc278c6-82ff-43b7-90a5-fef6a0fa0e82&Type=traffic, View Bath Township Police Reports for free at the following link:

http://report.department-online.com/Search.aspx?Id=afc278c6-82ff-43b7-90a5-fef6a0fa0e82&Type=incident, Detectives need help from the Facebook community and the public to locate and apprehend a suspect wanted in connection with an on-going case where two women were reportedly shot.  If you have information, you can contact a detective at 330-666-3736 or call CRIME STOPPERS at 330-434-2677.  
http://www.newsnet5.com/crimestoppers/11423603/detail.html, Earn cash for crime tips through Summit County Crime Stoppers!  To learn more, access their site through the web at:

http://www.summitcrimestoppers.org/, Bath Police, in cooperation with Summit County Crime Stoppers and Copley Township Police are seeking assistance from the Facebook community, and public in identifying a breaking-and-entering suspect.  See the link and view the suspects photo.  Please pass along information to Bath Police (330) 666-3736, Copley Police or Crime Stoppers if you know anything about this person.

http://www.newsnet5.com/news/22179508/detail.html, Current and projected forecast particulars (to include video) can be found at the following link:

http://www.wkyc.com/news/local/news_article.aspx?storyid=128370&catid=45, The National Weather Service has issued a Weather Alert for Bath Township and the surrounding area for the next 24 hours. Officers would like to remind DRIVERS to USE CAUTION by reducing speed, and give yourself additional stopping room and travel time. - Bath Twp. Police Command Staff., Bath Township experienced an 11% decrease in crime in 2009.  Thefts, robberies, aggravated assaults, and stolen autos decreased.  Traffic crashes also decreased.  There was a significant increase in drunk driving arrests., Again, for Tuesday, 01/05/10, Bath Township and surrounding areas are under a LAKE EFFECT SNOW WARNING until approximately 7:00pm as issued by the National Weather Service.  Officers ask that you give yourself ample travel time, reduce traveling speed and increase your distance between vehicles as you drive in order to avoid accidents.  - Bath Twp. Police Command Staff, Follow the latest weather alert.  

http://www.wkyc.com/news/local/news_article.aspx?storyid=128022&catid=45, The National Weather Service advised of a "Lake Effect Snow Warning" issued for Bath Township and the surrounding area until 7:00PM tonight.  DRIVERS USE CAUTION.  Reduce speed, and give yourself additional stopping room.  - Bath Twp. Police Command Staff., Q:  What can I do to stay safe when I plan on drinking?  Click on the link below (you will need pdf capability) and view the chart showing the "ABCs of BAC".  

http://www.stopimpaireddriving.org/ABCsBACWeb/images/ABCBACscr.pdf, Have a Safe and Happy New Year from Bath Township Police.  View the public safety announcement, shown above, from the U.S. Department. of Transportation pertaining to Drunk Driving., "Give Them Some Room" driving advice from ODOT for operating your vehicle around snow plows.  

http://www.dot.state.oh.us/Services/Documents/Don'tCrowdThePlow-OverheadView.pdf, Given the snow, follow the advice from the Ohio Department of Transportation "Don't Crowd the Plow" campaign.  

http://www.dot.state.oh.us/Services/Documents/Don'tCrowdThePlow-GroundViewWithText.pdf, Merry Christmas from Bath Township Police!, The holiday's can be a time of stress for many.  No community is immune from the crime of Domestic Violence.  Bath Police Officers wish for everyone to have a safe and joyous holiday season.  Please visit our notes section for more information on Domestic Violence., The Hidden Crime: Domestic Violence, Only one crash in the last twenty-four hours and it was alcohol related not due to weather., Wintery Weather Forecast for the area can be viewed at:

  http://www.wkyc.com/weather/conditions/multiday_forecast/, Travel Safety Tip:  Increase your following distance and reduce speeds this weekend as icy roadways can triple the distance needed to stop.  Break slowly to avoid sliding if your vehicle does not have an anti-lock breaking system.  - Bath Twp. Police Command Staff., Holiday Safety Tips - From National Crime Prevention Council, We will soon be adding police activities, Wanted Posters, community events, safety information and other pertinent data for the public.  As always, in an emergency call 911 or call our agency at the business line listed below to speak with an officer. - Bath Twp. Police Command Staff, Welcome to the Bath Township Police Department Facebook site.  Please notify friends and family about our site, especially Township residents.  In order to receive updates you must add us as a friend.  Happy Holidays  - Bath Twp. Police Command Staff)