List(We have a visitor........, Great night for Sangria + Pizza!, The best way to get over mid-week blues...... #PIZZA !, Get out and vote today then stop by for a pizza pie!, Wow!  What a great review on YELP. Thank you Giuseppe R. We really appreciate feedback and happy that you love our food., Did someone say lunchtime???, Have you ever had an Affogato?  (vanilla ice cream + espresso), Happy Friday!!! It's time to kick back, relax, and enjoy lunch/dinner at W+F!, ❤️San Valentino specials for Friday + Saturday night ❤️, It's getting cold out there. How about a fresh hot pizza from W+F. Our 900º wood burning oven will be sure to keep you warm., This groundhog saw something other than his shadow today.
Stop by W+F and have what he's having., Who's hungry?
A piping hot Margherita is waiting for you!, Tonight's appetizer special: 
Australian baby grilled Octopus with grilled zucchini + arugula parmigiano 12$, 🎉🎉Happy 1 month!!!!! 🎉🎉

We at Wood + Fire would like to thank the people of Melrose and surrounding towns for giving our food a try. The positive turnout has been so humbling. It has been a pleasure to meet you all and we look forward to serving you! 

We also want to thank our team! You guys are doing such a great job! Thank you for being apart of our family! 
Leesa + Joe Auciello

Follow us on Instagram @woodandfiremelrose 

Website: woodandfiremelrose.com, Great story!!! 

"For lunch nearly every day, he eats an entire pizza margherita. While that might not seem like diet-friendly fare, Cozzolino explains that his Neapolitan-style pies are not your typical New York slices. The dough is made from just water, flour, yeast and salt — no butter or lard — and the toppings are light — fresh tomato sauce, a thin layer of mozzarella cheese and basil. 540-570 cal a pie! ", Where it all begins......fresh dough made daily., We have the cutest customers! 
Mac + Cheese anyone??, Great article!  
"What to Expect at a Neapolitan Pizzeria"!, null, Please be aware when visiting our website that you are on www.woodandfiremelrose.com  There has been some confusion with a similar restaurant in NY. At this time, we do not take reservations or online orders. If you have the option to make a reservation or place an online order, the site you've visited is incorrect. We apologize for the inconvenience and we are working on a way to resolve the issue. Thank you!
Leesa and Joe Auciello, W+F, null, Thank you Melrose Free press!, Ribbon cutting today with the Melrose Chamber of commerce.  Leesa Mitrano Auciello Joseph Auciello, Warm yourself up at W+F with a glass of wine and some delicious pizza!, Happy New Year from our family at Wood + Fire!! 
We will be opening for dinner tonight at 4pm.
Today is the first day of 2016. We think it's only right to make pizza your first meal of the year!, null, null, Wood + Fire opens it's doors today! The oven is all fired up! 1st pizza will be served at 11am. We hope you can make it!

Follow us on instagram  woodandfiremelrose, null, The countdown is on! Only less than 1 week until we open our doors on Tuesday, December 29th!

Follow us on INSTAGRAM     woodandfiremelrose, It's all coming together! We will be open very soon. Stay tuned!!!, Wood + Fire is hiring!!! 

We are looking to hire experienced and reliable:

 Kitchen prep/Dishwasher
 Wait staff full and part-time (Must be TIPS certified)
 Host or Hostess to greet customers, take phone inquiries, and      seat patrons 

 Prior experience is preferred. 

Send resume to joeauciello1975@gmail.com or
 Call Joe 617-548-0415 

Thank you! 

We look forward to meeting you!, The wood burning oven has finally arrived......Thank you to our friends for helping us getting it through the door! Daniel Aureli Michael Schena Joseph M Freni     & Frank Auciello, null, Margherita Pizza, null)