List(FC Bayern Munich reached the UEFA Champions League in dramatic fashion in Portugal., FC Bayern Munich have qualified for the UEFA Champions League semifinals for the fifth consecutive year! (📷 OptaFranz), THAT Vidal goal!!! 👏, A little victory dab from David Alaba was in order today. 😁, The FC Bayern Munich fans were buzzing in the stadium after the win! #MiaSanMia, #MiaSanSemifinalists! #SLBFCB, WE DID IT!!!!! UEFA Champions League SEMIFINALS, HERE WE COME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Match Report: fcbayrn.us/ReportSLBFCB, When one player scores, the team scores. #MiaSanMia, Müülllleeerred! Thomas Müller makes it 2-1! 

Sport Lisboa e Benfica 1-2 FC Bayern Munich, Wow! What a thrill ride! Great effort by the boys to get back into the game and what a goal by Vidal!!!! #packmas, King Arturo!!!! WHAT A GOAL!!!!!!!!, Let's do this! #packmas, Our starting lineup! Kickoff at 2:45pm EST on FOX Deportes, FOX Networks (check your local listings) and FOX Soccer 2 Go. 

Sport Lisboa e Benfica vs FC Bayern Munich, Philipp Lahm: "We're not the kind of team that will ever play for a draw.", We are hours away! The boys are making their final preparations for #SLBFCB, MATCHDAY! All focus is on the UEFA Champions League quarter final return leg! What are your predictions for #SLBFCB?, FC Bayern with 20-strong squad in Lisbon, Got an appetite for tomorrow's game, Lewy? :o  #SLBFCB, In case you forgot, our players are pretty good. Thanks for the reminder FOX Soccer., Watch Benfica vs. Bayern in the quarterfinals of the UEFA Champions League tomorrow at 2:45 pm EST on FOX Sports GO, FOX Soccer 2 GO, FOX Deportes, and FOX Sports Networks (check your local listings)., The FC Bayern Munich players head to Lisbon ahead of tomorrow's UEFA Champions League quarterfinal against Benfica., Berni was out and about on the streets of Lisbon while the team was in flight!

Check out more from his adventure on our Snapchat - fcbayernsnaps, Mario Götze, Thomas Müller & Co. are off to Portugal for the UEFA Champions League! Look at those faces! 😁 ✈, Just under 24 hours to go until #SLBFCB! #packmas, David Alaba & Co. are feeling "very good" as they set off to Lisbon! Safe travels and good luck, boys!, Live from Säbener Straße earlier today - the team makes final preparations before flying to Lisbon!, Here's hoping to more magic like this from Thiago Alcantara! Happy Birthday to our midfield maestro!, Good news came from Säbener Straße today as Kingsley Coman and Medhi Benatia joined team training: fcbayrn.us/ComanBenatiaFCBSLB, Oh it's real! 😁, We obviously have to celebrate these guys on #NationalPetDay! Send us pictures of your #FCBayernPets! 🐶🐱🔴⚪️, 25th birthday, plenty of sunshine in Munich & #SLBFCB juts around the corner - plenty of things for Thiago Alcantara to smile about! ☀ 😊, Good to see Arjen Robben and Jérôme Boateng working hard on their comebacks! 👍 💪, #packmas!, Feliz cumpleaños, Thiago! We're looking forward to more tricks in the coming year! 🎉 🎉 🎉, Happy (25th) birthday, Thiago Alcantara!, Here's to a successful week ahead, FC Bayern fans! With our lead at the top of the Bundesliga extended to seven points, our focus now shifts to the UEFA Champions League! #packmas, "We showed that we’re not dropping any points in this phase of the season.", Did you know there are TWO Lewandowskis at Bayern? 
Get to know American FC Bayern Frauenfußball defender Gina Lewandowski! 

...and no, no relation to the other Lewandowski 😉, Make that a SEVEN-point lead at the top of the table! 👍, No time to rest! Preparations for Wednesday's UEFA Champions League encounter with Sport Lisboa e Benfica began today.

Read: fcbayrn.us/TrainingSLBFCB, Philipp Lahm leads by example even when he's not on the pitch., Next-level juggling - Thiago, Müller, Costa, and Rafinha show us how it's done ⚽, "The victory boosts our confidence before the match in Lisbon on Wednesday."

More reactions: fcbayrn.us/ReactionsVFBFCB, FC Bayern Munich inch closer to title defense with a big 3 points on the road, Get all the info and details of the #AudiFCBTour on our dedicated US tour section and stay tuned for updates in the coming weeks and months., Team work makes the dream work! #MiaSanMia, Douglas Costa magic!, Squad goals (📷 Thiago Alcantara), Pep: "Compliments to my team. A game like this is always tough in between two UEFA Champions League games."

Resolute Reds down Stuttgart: fcbayrn.us/ReportVFBFCB, Full time! Big 3 points on the road!!!

Match Report: fcbayrn.us/ReportVFBFCB, One more by our Brazilian magician at the end! 3-1!!! What a hit by Douglas Costa!, YEEESSS!!! David Alaba makes it 2-0!!!!, Something to build on in the second half! Good luck, boys!, Great run by Ribery down the left! Own goal but we'll take it! 1-0!!!, Let's get the 3 points, boys! Match live on FS1!, Here's Pep's line-up for today's match.

VfB Stuttgart 1893 e.V. vs. FC Bayern Munich, 9:30 am EST, Season is winding down and today we have a big match on the road against Stuttgart!, Pep: "We can't wait for other clubs to make mistakes. We need to win every game to defend our Bundesliga crown.", ⚽ Stuttgart vs. FC Bayern
🔔 Tomorrow, 9:30am/e
📺 FS1
Find a fan club near you: fcbayrn.us/WhereToWatch, Pep explains the significance of #VFBFCB, and David Alaba talks about what to expect to change heading into the final stretch of the season., FC Bayern Munich have won the last 14 consecutive encounters with Stuttgart and look to add another record in tomorrow's Southern Derby.

Fact file: fcbayrn.us/FactFileVFBFCB, Next stop: Stuttgart! 🚌, Looks like Mario Götze came back from the international break with a taste for scoring headers!, Raise your hand if you're looking forward to tomorrow's game in Stuttgart! 👋 #VFBFCB, Despite the team having off today, Jérôme Boateng and Medhi Benatia continued to work on their recovery., To many more matches, tricks and pranks, Franck Ribéry! Watch our no. 7's best moments on and off the pitch for FC Bayern Munich!, #OTD in 2010: Arjen Robben scored one of his greatest ever goals vs. Manchester United! Who remembers? 👋 #TBT, Such a pretty 🌈 🌈 🌈 ! Who remembers this beauty from Douglas Costa? (via Bleacher Report)

Check out more here: http://ble.ac/1q7kFU0, Manu in action! Nuff said!, 150 clean sheets in the Bundesliga - will Manuel Neuer add another to his tally against Stuttgart on Saturday? #NeuerTheWall, Happy Birthday, Franck Ribéry (33)! #KingFranck, null, Manuel Neuer: "We can still be satisfied with the result because we kept a clean sheet and that was the most important thing.", No time to rest! Passing, crossing and shooting drills for yesterday's non-starters as preparations for #VFBFCB kick off!, Congrats on the milestone, Javi Martínez!
We heard from the Spaniard about his UEFA Champions League comeback and the second leg against Benfica. 
Click on settings for captions in English., Philipp Lahm on the importance of Cruyff to the game but also to FC Bayern Munich (via Goal USA), Mia san mia!, Congrats on clocking up 743 points in the Audi Player Index, Arturo Vidal! He was Man of the Match in #FCBSLB., Good morning, FC Bayern Munich fans! Here are some of the best snapshots from last night's UEFA Champions League win over Benfica., FC Bayern take a 1-0 win to Portugal thanks to Arturo Vidal's early goal and deny Benfica an away goal., UEFA Champions League home win streak extended to 11, 150th European home match victory, and much more., At 1 minute and 50 seconds, Arturo Vidal scored FC Bayern Munich's fastest competitive goal this season against Benfica, beating the record set by himself earlier this season vs. Nöttingen at 4 minutes 23 seconds. Take a bow! 👏, null, FULL TIME
FC Bayern 1 - 0 Benfica
Match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBSLB

FC Bayern take a 1-0 lead to Portugal thanks to Arturo Vidal's header and deny Benfica an away goal., HALFTIME
FC Bayern 1 - 0 Benfica

Arturo Vidal's early goal gives FC Bayern the lead! What did you make of the first half?, YESSSSS GOOOAAAALLLL!!! Arturo Vidal in the 2nd minute!!!

FC Bayern 1 - 0 Benfica, KICKOFF at the Allianz Arena!

Watch on FS2, Watch ESPN
Twitter: twitter.com/FCBayernUS
Snapchat: fcbayernsnaps, And here's our starting lineup against Benfica:, Goosebumps guaranteed! Catch all the goals and highlights from our UEFA Champions League matches by subscribing to FCBtv: http://www.fcb.tv/en/, So far, so good in the UEFA Champions League. More of the same, boys! #packmas, Matchday! We're under the lights this evening for our UEFA Champions League quarterfinal first leg against Sport Lisboa e Benfica at the Allianz Arena! #packmas, null, Great conditions today for final training ahead of tomorrow's UEFA Champions League quarterfinal encounter with Sport Lisboa e Benfica., Throwing the ball across the whole field? No problem for Manuel Neuer! He's ready for the UEFA Champions League!, Where will you be watching the big UEFA Champions League tomorrow? Share your pictures with us! #FCBSLB

Where to watch: fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBSLB, Pep & Philipp Lahm warn about Benfica's experience and strong defense ahead of #FCBSLB., The aim for tomorrow is pretty clear: extend our winning run at the Allianz Arena!, 24 hours to go until the UEFA Champions League quarterfinals! #packmas #FCBSLB, FC Bayern Munich are unbeaten in 11 matches at home against Portuguese sides! Let's continue the run tomorrow, boys!, Final training ahead of #FCBSLB live from Säbener Straße!, A very good morning to you all, #FCBayern fans! The five-point lead is still intact following the weekend's Bundesliga action. Next up, UEFA Champions League! #packmas, Stand together as one #MiaSanMia, Another weekend of records for FC Bayern Munich, Last chance to get your tickets during the pre-sale to see FC Bayern Munich in the U.S. this summer!

Enter pre-sale code FCBAYERN2016 when using the links below - pre-sale ends April 4th:

Audi Football Summit Chicago @ Soldier Field
July 27 – FC Bayern vs AC Milan
Tickets: fcbayrn.us/FCBMilanUS

Charlotte @ Bank of America Stadium
July 30 – FC Bayern vs Inter Milan
Tickets: fcbayrn.us/FCBInterUS

Audi Football Summit New York @ MetLife Stadium
August 3 – FC Bayern vs Real Madrid
Tickets: fcbayrn.us/FCBMadridUS, THAT goal from King Franck!, Ribery: "I work a lot every day, I fight for the team. I'm hungry. As long as my body tells me I can run I'll run.", Congratulations to Xabi Alonso on racking up 956 points in the Audi Player Index, earning him the title of Man of the Match in FC Bayern Munich 1-0 win over Eintracht Frankfurt.

The Audi Player Index is calculated from several different statistics and metrics. You can follow the players' scores live in the Match Centre on the FC Bayern app. Stay tuned for more!, Franck Ribery + FC Bayern = ❤, Pep: "We're now concentrating on Benfica. I hope that we put in a good performance.", It wasn't pretty but the boys got the job done. Now the attention goes to the UEFA Champions League., Ribery's wonder strike seals three crucial points in win over Frankfurt - all the action in the match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBSGE, Manuel Neuer kept a clean sheet for the 150th time today - only Oliver Reck (172) & Oliver Kahn (196) boast more. #NeuerTheWall, #FCBSGE marked Xabi Alonso's 50th Bundesliga appearance - here's to plenty more!, 757 minutes without conceding vs. Frankfurt - a new Bundesliga record for FC Bayern: fcbayrn.us/RecordFCBSGE, Following #FCBSGE, the IFFHS presented Manuel Neuer with 'World's Best Goalkeeper' and Robert Lewandowski 'World's Best Top Scorer' of 2015. Congrats, Manu & Lewy! 👏, It was all about him today - King Franck! 👑, FINAL SCORE
FC Bayern 1 - 0 Eintracht Frankfurt
Franck Ribery's wonder goal sees Bayern take all three points.

Match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBSGE, HALFTIME
FC Bayern 1 - 0 Eintracht Frankfurt

King Franck gives Bayern the lead - how would you describe that goal?!, GOOOOAAAAALL!!!
What a BEAUT from Franck Ribery!

FC Bayern 1 - 0 Eintracht Frankfurt, KICKOFF!
FC Bayern Munich vs. Eintracht Frankfurt on FS2

PACK MA'S!, The team have arrived at the Allianz Arena and here is the starting XI!

FC Bayern Munich vs. Eintracht Frankfurt, 9:30 am/ET on FS2, It's MATCHDAY!
What are your predictions?

Watch FC Bayern Munich vs. Eintracht Frankfurt at 9:30 am EST on FS2., Pep: "We can't drop points."

A crucial month awaits FC Bayern starting tomorrow against Frankfurt., ⚽️ #FCBSGE
🔔 Tomorrow, 9:30 am ET
📺 FS2
Join a fan club near you ➡️ http://fcbayrn.us/WhereToWatch, This is no joke - get $10 off your next purchase of $75 or more! Use code 'FCB4116'.

SHOP: fcbayrn.us/ShopTopSellers, Three competitions and at least eight matches - crunch time in an all-or-nothing month ahead. Bring on April! 💪, Douglas Costa just working his magic in training today 🙌 🎩 ✨, FC Bayern Munich have won 13 consecutive games following international breaks - can the boys make it 14 tomorrow?

Fact file: http://fcbayrn.us/FactFileFCBSGE, Off they go! Final training ahead of #FCBSGE tomorrow!, Final preparations are underway! The boys are getting ready for tomorrow's Bundesliga match against Eintracht Frankfurt!, King Franck is ready for the final stretch of the season., #Ribery previews #FCBSGE, David Alaba, Pep & Xabi Alonso on a crucial month ahead., It'll be quite a reunion on Saturday when Frankfurt come to town as the Kovac brothers return to Munich., Remember these two? The Kovac brothers return to Munich this Saturday with Frankfurt for #FCBSGE! #TBT, Franck Ribéry + FC Bayern = ❤, Manuel Neuer tells it like it is heading into the final stretch of the season.

Read more: http://fcbayrn.us/NeuerFCBSGE, Internationals back: ✔️
Prime training conditions: ✔️
Let the preparations for #FCBSGE begin!, Welcome back guys! Thomas Müller and Mario Götze are back from international duty and training in prime conditions at Säbener Straße ☀ Joshua Kimmich is also back in training! 😊, Time for the next record! How many touches do Philipp Lahm, Ribéry & Co. manage to get?, null, "The transfer to FC Bayern Munich changed my entire life." 
Douglas Costa talks about life in Germany, Bayern in Brazil, what makes his style so effective & more., Hey Lewy, just how many days left until the next game? 😜, See how internationals Arturo Vidal and Douglas Costa fared during yesterday's World Cup qualifiers., Kingsley Coman scored his first goal for France last night and Arturo Vidal bagged a brace for Chile. Great work, guys! 💪, Thomas Müller captained the Germany national team for the first time last night and in doing so made his 70th international appearance! Congrats, Thomas! 👏, #MiaSanMia, Mario Götze and captain Thomas Müller shine in #GERITA & more - see how Kingsley Coman and David Alaba fared on international duty today., Don't forget: ticket presale for our #AudiFCBTour & International Champions Cup games in Charlotte & New York started today, Chicago presale tomorrow - register for your presale code now! 
➡ https://t.co/DhD1yJGkn5, On your marks, get set, go! The players were back again training today for their second post-break session 💪, Our own Kingsley Coman scored his first international goal in France's 4-2 win over Russia today. Well done, Kingsley! 👏, Mario Götze and captain Thomas Müller impress in Germany Football Team - Die Mannschaft's 4-1 win over Italy at the Allianz Arena - congrats, guys! 👏, Great performances in #GERITA! Mario Götze grabs a goal,  Thomas Müller provides two assists! Kingsley Coman subbed on at the half in #FRARUS, KICKOFF at the Allianz Arena!

Thomas Müller wears the captain's armband tonight for Germany Football Team - Die Mannschaft, Mario Götze earns his 50th cap! Good luck guys, and stay fit! #GERITA, Robert Lewandowski & several internationals return to training, #FCBSGE previewed, and #GERITA comes to the Allianz Arena., Presale has started for our games this summer vs. Inter Milan on July 30th (Charlotte, NC) and vs. Real Madrid on August 3rd (NYC)!, It looks like Robert Lewandowski certainly hasn't lost his touch over the international break! 😉 Welcome back, Lewy!, Matchday at the Allianz Arena! This time Italy are the opponents for Mario Götze & Thomas Müller's Germany team. Good luck, boys!
Manuel Neuer is missing with a stomach bug. Get well soon, Manu!, Thiago Alcantara joins some of his teammates after returning from international duty., The Audi Summer Tour, Bayern in the U.S., and much more (via Goal North America)., Want to be our #FCBayernUS Fan of the Week? Find out how!

➡ http://fcbayrn.us/FOTW, Just how many tricks ya got up your sleeve, Douglas Costa? 😜, Thiago Alcantara is back from international duty and having a good time training at Säbener Straße today! 😄, Shooting practice at FC Bayern Munich - Ribéry, Lahm, Martinez & Co. try their luck! Which goal is your favorite?, Happy Monday, #FCBayernUS fans! How did you spend Easter weekend?, The feeling is mutual Douglas Costa!, To many more of these world class saves! Happy Birthday Manuel Neuer!!, Here's to many more records from our No. 1! Happy Birthday, Manu! #NeuerTheWall, null, In the latest episode of "Mia San Bayern" we take a look with Holger Badstuber & Manuel Neuer at one of Bavaria's biggest food traditions., And the Easter-egg hunt starts.....NOW! :P

Happy Easter from everyone at FC Bayern Munich! 🐰😉, We wish all #FCBayernUS fans who celebrate a Happy Easter!, Happy 30th birthday, Manuel Neuer! 🎁🎉, Outside foot corner goal from Philipp Lahm? No problem!, How did they score from that angle????, null, Despite the 2-0 lead, Germany lost 3-2 in the end. They face Italy next on Tuesday at the Allianz Arena., Former FC Bayern Munich player Toni Kroos has given Germany Football Team - Die Mannschaft the lead over England at HT., Good luck to Manuel Neuer, Thomas Müller and co. against England Football Team tonight! What are your predictions for #GERENG?, Good luck to all our players on international duty this weekend!, FC Bayern Munich's samba star Douglas Costa scored for Brazil after just 39 SECONDS vs Luis Suarez & Uruguay last night. Congrats, Douglas!, Germany Football Team - Die Mannschaft vs England Football Team @ 3:45 pm EST on ESPN2., We've got some new swag in our online store. Check it out!, Skills, Skills, Skills! Ribéry magic on the ball!, Germany Football Team - Die Mannschaft take on England tomorrow (3:45pm EST on ESPN2). There have been many memorable (and some less memorable matches) between the two., null, "Until 2021! Yours, David Alaba" – Take this once-in-a-lifetime chance to win the shirt Alaba signed following his contract extension on our Instagram account: instagram.com/fcbayern

Terms & Conditions: fcb.de/TandCs9, Oooh là là! Silky stuff from Ribéry!! ⚽, null, The Easter weekend starts here for our boys not on international duty! Pep wished the remaining players happy holidays after training yesterday ☺, The players took part in the last training session before a deserved Easter break. 🐰, Thank you for giving this to the soccer world, Johan Cruyff!, Xabi Alonso on Pep's unique philosophy and the rest of the season. via Goal North America, 15 years ago today, Germany Football Team - Die Mannschaft and former FC Bayern Munich player made his national team debut. Rest is history! #TBT, Müller, Neuer & Götze training with Germany Football Team - Die Mannschaft ahead of their friendly vs England this Saturday (3:45pm EST on ESPN2), Philipp Lahm on staying fit during the international break and the upcoming UEFA Champions League vs Benfica., Captain, “We have lost a very special representative of football and we will miss him greatly", Whether high in the sky or in the deep blue sea: Thanks for your exceptional support!

Post your own fan pictures in the comments section now or send them to us at facebook.@fcb.de! We look forward to receiving them! #MiaSanMia, FC Bayern Munich legend Giovane Elber handed FIFA Interactive World Cup winner Mohamad Al-Bacha a special gift to commemorate his win. Congrats!, Casual Costa., Wow! What a goal from the captain in training! First-time volley from Philipp Lahm!!, In case you missed the fan Q&A with Javi Martínez, check out the whole thing here: fcbayrn.us/JaviQA, Jérôme Boateng on his recovery and FC Bayern Munich announce the 2016 US Summer Tour., Good luck on international duty, boys. Come back injury-free!, King Franck: "“I'm always happy when I'm out on the pitch with the team.", FC Bayern Munich are returning to the US! Here are some of the best photos from the exciting International Champions Cup press announcement with legends like Elber, Davids and more. #AudiFCBTour

More info on the tour: fcbayrn.us/AudiFCBTour2016, In case you missed it, we are coming to the US this summer!, FC Bayern Munich will take on Real Madrid C.F., A.C. Milan & F.C. Internazionale Milano in New York, Chicago & Charlotte this summer during the International Champions Cup ! Who's in?? ✋✋✋
More info: fcbayrn.us/AudiFCBTour2016, Our captain speaks candidly about how technology can help the game. Via Goal North America, Miss live training today with Ribery & Co.? Catch it here: http://fcbayrn.us/LiveTrainingEaster, Register for early ticket access - presale begins next week: http://bit.ly/1UKPR6W, null, Here is the full schedule of games for the International Champions Cup this summer including our games. Sign up for early ticket access and info here: http://bit.ly/1UKPR6W, We are coming back to America, #FCBayernUS fans!! 

More: http://fcbayrn.us/AudiFCBTour2016 #AudiFCBTour #ICC2016, Catch Javi Martínez's live Q&A now!, Happy 55th birthday to FC Bayern legend, Lotthar Matthäus!, Want to join the #FCBayernUS family? Find a fan club near you or start your own: http://fcbayrn.us/USFanClubs, 300 caps worth of international experience on the training pitch... 🙌 💪, 👑, International break? Not for these guys! Lahm & Co. trained at Säbener Straße this morning under the watch of some happy fans!, We're celebrating #WorldPoetryDay with our favorite poem (and hopefully yours, too!) 😉

Got any Bayern poems of your own? Share them with us!, Good morning, FC Bayern fans! Another week has gone by and we're still top of the table!, In an exclusive video interview with Yahoo Sports, Franck talks about his special relationship with FC Bayern Munich., Who has the best fans in the world? We do! Thank you for getting up early on the weekends to support us! 

See how you can join the #FCBayernUS family: fcbayrn.us/USFanClubs, #MiaSanMia, Relive the unforgettable UEFA Champions League game vs Juventus through our Snapchat story as experienced in the stadium and by #FCBayernUS fans in NYC together with KICKTV and follow us at "fcbayernsnaps", Today is International Happiness Day! What brings you the most joy?, Thomas Müller played a slightly different role yesterday. 😜, FC Bayern Munich can go into the international break relieved after a huge three points on the road., We’re in the business of winning trophies and sharing our success with our family of fans in the US, Lewandowski, Neuer & Co. talk about the importance of the three road points in Köln., null, Whether you were with a fan club, at home, or online - THANK YOU for your outstanding support today!

MIA SAN MIA!, Make that 17 clean sheets for Manuel Neuer in the Bundesliga this season! #NeuerTheWall 💪, Today marked FC Bayern's eighth straight Bundesliga win from eight games following Champions League action this season! 💪, The 👑! Franck Ribery made his 200th Bundesliga appearance today! 👏, Robert Lewandowski netted in his 25th Bundesliga goal of the season today, surpassing Luca Toni (24) as the only foreign player to score 25 goals for FC Bayern in a single BL season!, FINAL SCORE
1. FC Köln 0 - 1 FC Bayern
Bayern take home all three points thanks to Lewandowski's goal in the first half!

Match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportKOEFCB, HALFTIME
1. FC Köln 0 - 1 FC Bayern 

Lewy gives Bayern the lead 10 minutes in! What did you make of the first half?, LewanGOALski strikes again!!!

1. FC Köln 0 - 1 FC Bayern, KICKOFF!
1. FC Köln - FC Bayern

Watch on FOX Soccer Plus
Follow live on Twitter: twitter.com/FCBayernUS
Snapchat: snapchat.com/add/fcbayernsnaps, Here's our starting lineup against Köln today:, It's MATCHDAY!
FC Bayern travel to face Köln - kickoff @ 10:30 am EST: fcbayrn.us/WatchKOEFCB, null, Friendlies, World Cup qualifiers & more - see who's joining Thomas Müller, Robert Lewandowski, and Thiago Alcantara on international duty: http://fcbayrn.us/IntlCallUps0316, Bundesliga action is BACK when FC Bayern face 1. FC Köln tomorrow at 10:30 am EST.

Watch on FOX Soccer Plus or join a fan club near you: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchKOEFCB, Xabi Alonso on the UEFA Champions League quarterfinals draw with Benfica: "Benfica did very well last season... Every opponent can be difficult at this stage of the competition."

More reactions: http://fcbayrn.us/UCLDrawReactions, Thomas Müller, Franck Ribery, and others react to today's UCL quarterfinals draw to Benfica and David Alaba's contract extension., And the best news of the day.... we're pleased to announce that David Alaba has extended his contract at FC Bayern Munich until 2021! More: fcbayrn.us/AlabaExtension

Alaba: "I'm proud that I can continue playing with my club.", Happy 35th Birthday, Tom Starke!, #MiaSanMia, FC Bayern Munich will face Sport Lisboa e Benfica in the UEFA Champions League quarterfinal!

The first leg will take place at home on April 5th and the second in Lisbon on April 13th! More info: fcbayrn.us/UCLDrawFCBSLB, An emotional and unforgettable night for FC Bayern Munich in the UEFA Champions League., #ThingsThatGoTogetherLikeLewyNMüller

We'll start: PB&J 🍞, The draw for the quarterfinals of the UEFA Champions League is on Friday. Eeny, meeny, miny, moe..., Thomas Müller became the most prolific German scorer in UEFA Champions League history yesterday, surpassing Bayern legend Gerd Müller!!!!, Happy St. Patrick's Day! How do you like the Allianz Arena in green! ;), NEVER GIVE UP! #MiaSanMia, Good morning, quarterfinalists!, On to the quarterfinals! Read up on all the action from today's win in #FCBJuve in the match report., You believed, and we believed. THANK YOU for your incredible support today and always!!! 👏

MIA SAN MIA!!!, What. A. Comeback! Breathless!, SQUAD 💪 

MIA SAN MIA!, Celebrate today's win and get ready for the UCL quarterfinals!

Use code 'FCBUCLFS' & get FREE shipping today! ➡ fcbayrn.us/FreeShippingUCLQFs, The boss between the sticks doesn't even need to look to make a save.

Manuel Neuer prepares to punch his way into the quarterfinals!
#ACE16 #BeTheDifference (via adidas Soccer), No one celebrates like this guy! Thomas Müller leads the fans in singing the 'Humba'! 📢 🎉

Check out more on Snapchat! -> fcbayernsnaps, QUARTERFINALS, HERE WE COME!!!!!

Match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBJuve, WHAT IS THIS?! Kingsley Coman with a beaut of a goal!!!!

FC Bayern 4 - 2 Juventus, THIAGOAAAAAALLL!!!!!! 

FC Bayern 3 - 2 Juventus, UNREAL! LEWY. MÜLLER. EXTRA TIME. PACK MA'S!, MÜLLERED!!!!! Thomas Müller equalizes to send us into extra time! GAME ON! PACK MA'S!

FC Bayern 2 - 2 Juventus, YESSSSS LEWANGOALSKI!!!!!

FC Bayern 1 - 2 Juventus, Down but not out - still another 45 minutes to go! We can do it! #packmas, KICKOFF!
Let's do this boys, the quarterfinals are calling!
PACK MA'S!

Watch live on FS2, ESPN Deportes, FOX Soccer 2GO, FOX Sports GO
Follow on Twitter: www.twitter.com/FCBayernUS
Snapchat: fcbayernsnaps, And here's our starting lineup vs. Juventus at the Allianz Arena today!, Pep: "It will be a great battle, almost like a final for both teams."

Check out FC Bayern's goals from the first leg to get you fired up for tonight! Catch the highlights from the second leg later today on www.FCB.tv/en!, Clinical at the front, solid at the back - will Thomas Müller and Joshua Kimmich be the key to success against Juventus?, It's MATCHDAY!
Don't miss #FCBJuve today at 3:45 pm EST / 12:45 pm PST.
Watch on FOX Sports 2, ESPN Deportes, FOX Sports GO, FOX Soccer 2 GO.

Where will you be tuning in from?, Juventus' Paulo Dybala and Claudio Marchisio set to miss tomorrow's Champions League clash, while Arjen Robben is 'doubtful' - more in the #FCBJuve preview., Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri and Gianluigi Buffon preview tomorrow's encounter with FC Bayern., ⚽️ FC Bayern Munich vs. Juventus
🔔 Tomorrow, 3/16, 3:45 pm EST / 12:45 pm PST
📺  FOX Sports 2, ESPN Deportes, FOX Sports GO, FOX Soccer 2 GO
💻 twitter.com/FCBayernUS, We have a special Snapchat takeover for #FCBJuve tomorrow together with KICKTV. Two unique perspectives from Munich & New York! Make sure to follow us at 'fcbayernsnaps'!, Despite some of Juventus' key players missing, Robert Lewandowski, Thiago Alcantara and Franck Ribery caution about the Italian side's strengths ahead of tomorrow's UEFA Champions League clash., 9 games, 9 wins, 36 goals scored, 4 conceded. Let's make it 10 tomorrow and march into the UEFA Champions League quarterfinals! Pack ma's!, Only 24 hours to go! Where will you be watching #FCBJuve?, The players wrap up training at snowy Säbener Straße! Relive training here: http://fcbayrn.us/FCBJuveTraining, Watch final training from earlier today ahead of #FCBJuve!, FC Bayern Munich vs. Juventus, Wednesday at 3:45 pm EST #packmas!, null, Don't miss the biggest game of the season! Here's where to watch FC Bayern Munich vs Juventus on Wednesday., Cheeky! Watch Douglas Costa nutmeg Xabi Alonso!, 2 days until #FCBJuve! Franck & David are excited! Are you?, Blue skies above Säbener Straße, perfect conditions for the boys to prepare for #FCBJuve! ☀, 48 hours to go... #FCBJuve, Thomas Müller talks all things Juve, the team's form, and his own run ahead of the UEFA Champions League matchup on Wednesday., Happy Pi Day everyone!, Good morning, #FCBayernUS fans! Have a great start to the week - we're back in action on Wednesday for #FCBJuve!, All eyes turn to Juventus and the UEFA Champions League after a standout performance against Bremen., Who has the best supporters in the world? Yea, that's right. We do! Thanks to all our amazing fans in the US & Canada! #FCBayernUS, Ole, Douglas Costa!, #FCBayernUS fans, we've got a newsletter just for you as well as a chance to win a signed jersey if you subscribe!, Pep on Coman: "The boy’s been outstanding this season.” We couldn't agree more! 👍, Pep, Coman & Co. react after a big win against Bremen., Happy Sunday, #FCBayernUS fans! We hope you enjoy yours!, Happy Birthday, Holger Badstuber (27)!
#comebackstronger, THANK YOU for your amazing support today! We'll need it again on Wednesday in the Champions League!

MIA SAN MIA!, 5-0 vs. Werder Bremen - FC Bayern Munich ready for Juve!, 2+2+1= 5 😉, Special guest at the Allianz Arena today - Linkin Park bassist Dave Farrell was in attendance for #FCBSVW!, Thiago Alcantara scored his first Bundesliga goal since February 2014 and his first brace for FC Bayern today! 💪, ThiaGOAL gets the fifth and final goal of the game!

FINAL SCORE
FC Bayern 5 - 0 Werder Bremen
Match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBSVW, Who else... LewanGOALski!!!!

FC Bayern 4 - 0 Werder Bremen, GOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!! 
What a volley from Ribery, Thomas Müller there to finish!

FC Bayern 3 - 0 Werder Bremen, HALFTIME
FC Bayern 2 - 0 Werder Bremen

An exciting first half at the Allianz Arena! What did you make of it?, MÜLLERED!

FC Bayern 2 - 0 Werder Bremen, GOOOOOAAAAALLL!!! 
Set-up by Kingsley Coman, Thiago Alcantara finishes!

FC Bayern 1 - 0 Werder Bremen, KICKOFF at the Allianz Arena!
FC Bayern - Werder Bremen

PACK MA'S!, Our starting XI for today's game vs. Bremen.

Watch live at 12:30 pm EST on Fox Soccer Plus, Catch FC Bayern vs. Werder Bremen today at 12:30 pm EST on Fox Soccer Plus.

Where will you be tuning in from?, It's MATCHDAY!
FC Bayern Munich take on Werder Bremen at 12:30 pm EST - watch on Fox Soccer Plus.

What are your predictions?, Despite the bad news that Claudio Pizarro won't be reunited with his former teammates due to injury, the FC Bayern players must focus and "expect the best possible Bremen.", ⚽: #FCBSVW
📅: 3/12 @ 12:30 pm EST
📺: FOX Soccer Plus
🍻: fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBSVW, Good news from Säbener Straße today as Javi Martínez makes progress in his recovery., Pep talks about heading into the final stretch of the season, and Robben & Xabi Alonso caution about tomorrow's encounter with Bremen., Looks like these guys are looking forward to #FCBSVW tomorrow!, Q&A with Douglas Costa! Post your questions in the comments section and our Brazilian magician will answer them this Sunday., Javi Martínez took part in team training today for the first time since recovering from injury. Welcome back, Javi! ⚽ 😊, Nothing like a cup of tea (or coffee) to start your day! 😉 ☕, null, How did you become a Bayern fan? Got a favorite Bayern memory you'd like to share?

Answer a question and send us a picture to be our Fan of the Week! http://fcbayrn.us/FOTW, This one goes out to you, the FC Bayern Munich fans! 👏💪 #InternationalDayOfAwesomeness, ...we're definitely ready for a nap after this one, @TheBuzzer 👍, The new youth training facilities are taking shape since the first bricks were laid in October. The new facilities are set to open in the summer of 2017., Hello there! 👋 Jérôme Boateng was back on the training pitch today for the first time since his injury. Good to see you again, Boa!

Read more: fcbayrn.us/BoatengTraining0316, Suit up! Happy #InternationalDayOfAwesomeness 👌, See what else awaits FC Bayern Munich and the rest of the Bundesliga on FOX Sports in the coming weeks., Arjen Robben called it the "goal of the year."

What do you think?, 1, 2, 3, ... 57, 58, 59, 61! #Rondo #FCBayern #MiaSanMia, Don't miss our away jersey sale on men's, women's, and youth jerseys going on now - limited time only!

SHOP: fcbayrn.us/AwayJerseySale, We feel most comfortable at the top! 😉 Check out more pics from our fans and players at: instagram.com/FCBayern, null, Introducing: The Marvelous Manu 🎩✨

Now for his next trick..., #MiaSanMia, Rafinha Official on facing former teammate Claudio Pizarro., Vote now for your #alltime11 and win some great UEFA EURO prizes! Obviously you'll have Lahm, Müller, Beckenbauer & Rummenigge in your team 😉: alltime11.uefa.com, We hope you enjoyed the solar eclipse tonight!  B|, What is more Bavarian than the Pretzel? In the latest episode of "Mia San Bayern" we take a look at the iconic pastry that the FC Bayern Munich love so much!, Together we achieve our goals, together we celebrate our wins! To all the amazing women changing the world #IWD2016 #InternationalWomensDay, It was a busy Tuesday for the FC Bayern Munich players., Tricks, dribbling and shooting - Franck Ribéry showed off his full repertoire in training! Pleasure to have him back!, The preparations for the Bremen match have begun! Here is the training session from this morning., In an exclusive interview with Yahoo Sports, Philipp Lahm opened up about Pep's time at Bayern, younger generation of players coming up and...the Premier League title race (Yes you read that right)!, Lahm, Müller & Co. know how to have fun off the field : https://youtu.be/jMow5tq2gFQ, Nine years ago today, Roy Makaay scored the fastest goal in UEFA Champions League history against Real Madrid after just 10 seconds!, Javi Martínez back at it again and working hard on his comeback!, David Alaba and others react to Saturday's enthralling Klassiker, and Thomas Müller chimes in on Joshua Kimmich's outstanding performance., Eyes on the prize! #MiaSanMia, Good morning, FC Bayern Munich fans! Still on top after the weekend! 👍 #MiaSanMia, Amazing passion and support from the official #FCBayernUS Los Angeles fan club yesterday during #BVBFCB, Pep was full of praise for Joshua Kimmich after his stellar performance against Dortmund yesterday., From LA to NYC to Puerto Rico to Canada, we are humbled by your great support yesterday during Dortmund vs Bayern! #FCBayernUS 👏

MIA SAN FAMILY, FC Bayern Munich club icon Claudio Pizarro netted his 100th Bundesliga goal for SV Werder Bremen yesterday. Congrats, Piza from everyone at Bayern!, Big away game this weekend and we've got a big sale on our away kits! Check it out! 👇, FIFA World Cup winner Jérôme Boateng took a trip down memory lane during his visit at the FC Bayern "Erlebniswelt" Museum on Sunday., The players took part in a training session this morning before returning to Munich. Ribéry and Co. won the practice match, with the losing side having to put the equipment away 😉, Mutual respect between two teams that gave their all. 👏, "We had enough chances to win" - the FC Bayern Munich coach and players weigh in on the big game yesterday., Whether you were at home, with a fan club, online or elsewhere - THANK YOU for your incredible support! MIA SAN MIA!, Dominant Bayern held by tenacious Borussia in Der Klassiker - more in the match report., Celebrate Philipp Lahm's 300th Bundesliga appearance for FC Bayern today!
Shop the limited edition t-shirt: fcbayrn.us/Lahm300Shirt, Joshua Kimmich had a fantastic game today with 120 touches, winning 64% of his duels, and completing 94% of his passes. Well done! 👌💪, Today marked Philipp Lahm's 300th Bundesliga game in an FC Bayern Munich shirt. THANK YOU, Captain 👏 Here's to many more!

What are some of your favorite Lahm memories?, FINAL SCORE
Dortmund 0 - 0 FC Bayern

A thrilling matchup. No goals, but the five-point lead remains!
Match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportBVBFCB, HALFTIME

Dortmund 0 - 0 FC Bayern

What an exciting first half. What did you make of it?, KICKOFF!
Borussia Dortmund - FC Bayern Munich

Watch LIVE on FX! PACK MA'S!!!, Our starting XI to face Dortmund!, Not much longer now! Tune in to FX Networks @ 12:30 pm EST to watch Der Klassiker!, Matchday with the goal machines! Robert Lewandowski and Thomas Müller have scored 40 times between them this season - as often as Dortmund's star trio. What are your predictions for Der Klassiker?

Borussia Dortmund vs. FC Bayern Munich, 12:30 pm EST live on FX Networks, Tomorrow's the big day - where to watch Der Klassiker:
⚽ #BVBFCB
🔔 Saturday, 3/5 @ 12:30 pm EST
📺 FX Networks
💻 twitter.com/FCBayernUS
➡ http://fcbayrn.us/WatchBVBFCB, Tomorrow, leading Bundesliga goalscorers Robert Lewandowski and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang go head-to-head in Der Klassiker.

The profiles: http://fcbayrn.us/LewyAuba, All eyes are on tomorrow's top clash vs. Borussia Dortmund - hear what Pep and Robert Lewandowski have to say ahead of Der Klassiker.

PREVIEW: fcbayrn.us/PreviewBVBFCB, Bend it like Lewy!, Robert Lewandowski is certainly looking forward to Saturday's crunch match against his former club, Borussia Dortmund.
Click on 'Settings' for captions in English., FC Bayern Munich travel to Dortmund this Saturday for the latest installment of Der Klassiker!

Watch this Saturday, 3/5 at 12:30 pm EST on FX Networks.
➡ http://fcbayrn.us/WatchBVBFCB, The players on their way to Dortmund - safe travels! (📷: David Alaba), Training ✔

The guys are ready for #BVBFCB!, Just 24 hours to until this weekend's top clash - are you ready?, The players wrap up final training ahead of #BVBFCB tomorrow!, Who's ready for Der Klassiker tomorrow? We certainly are!, We all remember this memorable #TBT, don't we? Two great teams, one great match, one legendary season., Coming soon..., Xabi Alonso: The Professor of Bossonomics.
Ready for Der Klassiker.
#ACE16 #BeTheDifference (via adidas Soccer), Big month coming up for FC Bayern Munich in the Bundesliga with matchdays 26-29 finalized: fcbayrn.us/Matchdays2629, Preparing for the biggest Bundesliga match of the season! 💪, ¡Vamos, Javi! Javi Martínez was working hard with the ball this morning. Great to see!, The FC Bayern players were back at work at Säbener Straße today with the fantastic support of the fans watching on!, Good morning, FC Bayern fans. Onwards and upwards! Now to turn our attention to #BVBFCB on Saturday. Pack ma's!, No matter where you were, THANK YOU for your support today! We'll need it again on Saturday! MIA SAN MIA!, Franck Ribery made his first Bundesliga start in over a year today!, "Example of why it's so hard to win in the Bundesliga" - FC Bayern vs. Mainz match report., FINAL SCORE
FC Bayern 1 - 2 Mainz

Match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBM05, GOOOOAAAALLL!!! ROBBEN!!

FC Bayern 1 - 1 Mainz, HALFTIME
FC Bayern 0 - 1 Mainz

Not over just yet - still got another 45 minutes to go! PACK MA'S!, KICKOFF!
FC Bayern vs. Mainz

Watch LIVE on FS1 or follow live here:
Twitter.com/FCBayern
instagram.com/FCBayern
Snapchat: FCBayernSnaps, Our starting XI vs. Mainz! 

For the first time in over a year in a Bundesliga starting lineup: Fraaaaanck Ribéry!, Servus! The players have arrived at the Allianz Arena.

Kickoff - FC Bayern vs. Mainz at 2 pm EST on FS1, "Can't drop points" - Robben and Rafinha preview #FCBM05 and talk about maintaining the lead in the table.
Click on settings for captions in English., FC Bayern Munich are the only side in Europe's top five divisions with a 100% record at home this season!, It's matchday at the Allianz Arena! 
FC Bayern Munich vs. 1. FSV Mainz 05 at 2 pm EST on FS1

What are your predictions?, FC Bayern Munich take on one of the most in-form teams in the Bundesliga tomorrow in what will kick off the most crucial series of games this season., FC Bayern Munich have 15 wins from 15 matches at the Allianz Arena this season., In the first encounter vs. Mainz this season, Robert Lewandowski netted in his 100th Bundesliga goal - will he find the net again tomorrow?, 4x Bundesliga & 1x UEFA Champions League match - #FCBayern kick off a crucial month tomorrow!, Pep and Rafinha preview tomorrow's match against 'uncomfortable' opponents Mainz and Robben talks title race vs. Saturday's opponents, Dortmund., #MiaSanMia, Smiles all round at Säbener Straße ahead of tomorrow's home match against 1. FSV Mainz 05!, Happy Birthday, Juan Bernat! Our number 18 turns 23 today. :), Rafinha cautions about Mainz and the significance of the games this week., Bundesliga action continues as FC Bayern Munich face Mainz in their midweek encounter this Wednesday, 3/2 at 2:00 pm EST.

Watch on FS1 or find a fan club near you: fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBM05, When ballers collide - Boateng meets up with the Golden State Warriors' Stephen Curry 🏀 ⚽ (📷: Jérôme Boateng), That's not Manuel Neuer in goal! 
What do you make of Douglas Costa's goalkeeping abilities?, Passing, running, more passing, more running in some afternoon showers at Säbener Straße ☔⚽, No time to waste! The players were back in training today ahead of Wednesday's clash with Mainz and Saturday vs. Dortmund!, Franck Ribéry and David Alaba took time to sign some autographs after the match in Wolfsburg. But the question of the day - who is the better player? 😜
Click on 'settings' for captions., Looking forward to more FC Bayern Munich midweek action? The boys face 1. FSV Mainz 05 on Wednesday in the Bundesliga!, Got what it takes to win our trick shot challenge? Enter for a chance to win one signed FC Bayern jersey and one signed FC Bayern Basketball jersey!

More ➡ fcbayrn.us/FCBBTrickShot, And the Oscar goes to... ⚽👇, Meet FC Bayern Frauenfußball's Melanie Leupolz! The Germany international tells us some of her hobbies, getting helicoptered off to last year's title celebrations, and who her favorite FC Bayern Munich player is.
Click on the settings for captions in English!, The FC Bayern Munich players were back at work at Säbener Straße this morning with the support of the fans watching on! 💪, Robert Lewandowski: "It's not that easy after away matches in the Champions League... These are three very important points for us.”, Plenty to celebrate yesterday! Yesterday's game marked David Alaba's 200th competitive match for FC Bayern Munich and Manuel Neuer's 150th Bundesliga game in an FCB shirt! Congrats, guys! 👍, Mia San Mia, Jérôme Boateng talks about what it takes to be a top defender and facing the likes of Messi, Neymar & Suarez in the The Players' Tribune, Congratulations to David Alaba for making his 200th competitive appearance and 100th Bundesliga win for FC Bayern Munich today! 

23 years old, 12 trophies, 5-time Austrian Player of the Year 👏👏, Robert Lewandowski has 23 goals in 23 Bundesliga games. The last player to match that number was Gerd Müller back in 1973/74!, We could not have wished for a better birthday present than this! #MiaSanMia, 116 years, 11 logos, 1 club!
Today FC Bayern Munich celebrates its 116th birthday: fcbayrn.us/116YearsFCB, Robert Lewandowski did it again vs Wolfsburg as FC Bayern Munich got their 20th Bundesliga win of the season., VICTORY!!!!

Match Report: fcbayrn.us/ReportWOBFCB, YES! YES! YES!! LewanGOALski does it again vs Wolfsburg! (74.)

Wolfsburg 0 - 2 FC Bayern Munich, TOOOOOOOR! Coman gives Bayern the lead!!

Wolfsburg 0-1 FC Bayern Munich, Half-time in Wolfsburg! Nail-biting first half! What are your thoughts?, Great Birthday choreography from the traveling FC Bayern Munich fans in Wolfsburg! #WOBFCB
Follow along live:
Twitter.com/FCBayernUS
Snapchat: FCBayernSnaps
Instagram.com/FCBayern, Two changes from the team that drew to Juventus midweek: Xabi Alonso & Kingsley Coman come in for Arturo Vidal and Thiago Alcantara!

VfL Wolfsburg vs. FC Bayern Munich Kickoff @ 9:30 am EST on FOX Sports 2, Who can forget Robert Lewandowski's legendary performance against Wolfsburg?  Can Lewy continue his hot form and score again today?, Pep: "This is a new match, and a completely different one" - Wolfsburg vs. FC Bayern previewed., Goals on goals on goals 👌, FC Bayern return to Bundesliga action tomorrow vs. Wolfsburg!
⚽ #WOBFCB
🔔 Saturday, 2/27 @ 9:30 am EST
📺 FS2
Find a fan club ➡ http://fcbayrn.us/FactFileWOBFCB, High✋! Lewy was bang on form in the first meeting with Wolfsburg this season with his famous 5 goals in 9 minutes!

Catch all of FC Bayern's goals and game highlights on www.fcb.tv/en/, Robert Lewandowski talks about facing Wolfsburg tomorrow, Javi Martínez makes progress, and Pep discusses FC Bayern's upcoming games in "one of the most important" weeks of the season., On the way to Wolfsburg - good luck guys! (📷: Arturo Vidal), Final training in prime conditions at Säbener Straße before heading up to Wolfsburg ☀, FC Bayern's DFB Cup semifinal vs. Werder Bremen has been confirmed for April 19 at 2:30 pm EST., Preparing for a 3-pointer in Wolfsburg 😉 🏀 ⚽, 11-year-old Jonathan challenges Julian Green to a juggling contest - no, not with a ⚽, but with a roll of tape, paper towels and an orange! (via Goal North America), #TBT to FC Bayern's first encounter with Wolfsburg this season. One player in particular had a pretty good game 😉, Two days until Bayern return to Bundesliga action vs. Wolfsburg!
⚽ #WOBFCB
🔔 Saturday, 2/27 @ 9:30 am EST
📺 FS2
Find a fan club ➡ http://fcbayrn.us/WatchWOBFCB, Manuel Neuer is set to make his 150th Bundesliga appearance for FC Bayern against Wolfsburg on Saturday! Which performance has been his best in an FC Bayern shirt so far?, Training ✔️
#FCBayernSelfie ✔️

Check out some more from Mario Götze's training session today on Snapchat - 'fcbayernsnaps' 👍, It may have been a day off for the team, but Xabi Alonso and Mario Götze were back training at snowy Säbener Straße today!, Who remembers which game this moment was from? Surely Robert Lewandowski at his absolute best!, A look back at what was a "magnificent" match in Italy and what FC Bayern Munich can expect for the second leg., FC Bayern Munich have been eliminated only twice after drawing the first leg of a UEFA Champions League knockout game., Thomas Müller equaled Gerd Müller's record 34 goals in the UEFA Champions League against Juve yesterday! #Müllered, Looks like Berni had a lot of fun visiting the Juventus museum and hanging out with J on the pitch before the game!, Servus! 👋 The players arrived in Munich earlier today., A quick hello from David Alaba and Franck Ribéry from the plane! Follow 'fcbayernsnaps' on Snapchat to see more!
Have a safe flight home guys! ✈, Arrivederci Torino! Thomas Müller, David Alaba & Co. on their way back to Munich., null, Robben: "We’ll need plenty of passion at the Allianz Arena but also cool heads, like we showed for the first hour.", Don't forget - there's still one game left, and on our turf at the Allianz Arena! #MiaSanMia!, Thomas Müller & Arjen Robben help earn FC Bayern two crucial away goals in Turin., Enter the FC Bayern Basketball Trick Shot Challenge for a chance to win one signed FC Bayern Munich jersey and one FC Bayern Basketball jersey!

Use a basketball or soccer ball & show use your most creative trick shots! Show us what you got: fcbayrn.us/FCBBTrickShot, FC Bayern Munich announces multi-year extension with ONE World Sports: http://fcbayrn.us/FCBOWSExtension, Robben on the return leg at the Allianz Arena: "We have to approach #FCBJuve with passion and heart.", FINAL SCORE
Juventus 2 - 2 FC Bayern

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/ReportJuveFCB

FC Bayern take home two crucial away goals back to Munich. What did you make of the match?, TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRR!
Robben doubles the lead!!!!

Juventus 0 - 2 FC Bayern, HALFTIME
Juventus 0 - 1 FC Bayern

Bayern lead at the half thanks to a goal from Thomas Müller! PACK MA'S!, MÜLLERED!!!!

Juventus 0 - 1 FC Bayern, KICKOFF!
Juventus - FC Bayern

Here we go! UEFA Champions League Round of 16 - PACK MA'S!

Watch LIVE on FS2, FOX Deportes, FOX Soccer 2GO, FOX Sports GO, Congrats, captain! #JuveFCB will mark Philipp Lahm's 100th UEFA Champions League appearance! 💪💪💪, Our starting lineup vs. Juventus in the UEFA Champions League Round of 16!

Kickoff @ 2:45 pm EST - watch on FS2, FOX Deportes, FOX Soccer 2GO, FOX Sports GO, Gianluigi Buffon vs. Manuel Neuer : Two world-class keepers go head-to-head in the UEFA Champions League. Who will improve their record today?, The players wrap up some light training ahead of #JuveFCB - only a few hours to go!, Plenty of great memories from the last encounters with Juventus. Hopefully we can make some more tonight!, MATCHDAY! The wait is almost over - the UEFA Champions League is finally back! What are your predictions for #JuveFCB?

Watch today @ 2:45 pm EST on FS2 & FOX Deportes., Pep on what needs to be done against Juventus, Philipp Lahm discusses long-term thinking and risks., Former FC Bayern player Miroslav Klose knows Juventus well from Serie A - the Lazio striker weighs in on #JuveFCB: http://fcbayrn.us/KloseonJuve, ⚽ Juventus Turin vs. FC Bayern Munich
🔔 Tues. 2/23 @ 2:45pm EST
📺 FS2, FOX Deportes, FOX Soccer 2GO, FOX Sports GO

Find a fan club near you: fcbayrn.us/WatchJuveFCB, Müllered! 😜 (via adidas Football), See who Douglas Costa picked in his dream team for a five-a-side game. Hint: no Messi or Ronaldo, Pep talks about Juventus's winning mentality, Philipp Lahm on "two very good teams playing each other" and the anticipation ahead of #JuveFCB., Ciao! The players arrived in Turin earlier today ahead of #JuveFCB tomorrow., Next stop, Turin! ✈, 24 hours to go - we're ready for the Champions League Round of 16!, Focusing on the Round of 16! The players wrap up final training before boarding the flight to Turin, Live from Säbener Straße this morning - final training before the flight to Turin!, Good morning FC Bayern Munich fans!
Have a great start to the week - Juventus tomorrow, Wolfsburg on Saturday! 💪, The players comment on the return of Franck Ribery to the team., That smile! 😁😄😺, Ready for the Champions League! 💪

Vidal: "Now I defend the colors of Bayern - I will give my life to win these two matches and the quarter-finals.", Müller: "It's going to be a difficult match. Juve are clever, the stadium is superb. I'm looking forward to it.”, Douglas Costa skill check!, Juventus vs FC Bayern Munich 

Tuesday, February 23 @ 2:45 pm EST, No doubt Douglas Costa would have our vote in any race. 😉 

We love this #DAYTONA500 mockup by FOX Soccer. #DaytonaDay, Juve vs. Bayern in the UCL round of 16 and a busy month ahead. Don't miss out on any news and sign up to our #FCBayernUS newsletter!, Pep, Thomas Müller & more react to Bayern's win over Darmstadt and look ahead to Tuesday vs. Juventus in the UEFA Champions League., #Müllered <3  <3, At 39 Bundesliga goals combined, Robert Lewandowski (22) & Thomas Müller (17) have surpassed Gerd Müller & Uli Hoeneß's record after 22 matchdays from 1972/73! 🔥🔥, Robert Lewandowski:

32 goals in 32 games ✔
Goals vs all 18 Bundesliga teams ✔
Leading BL scorer ✔, Thomas Müller now ranks sixth among all-time BL topscorers in club history after scoring his 87th & 88th goals today, surpassing Claudio Pizarro & Mehmet Scholl!, Return of the King! Welcome back, Franck! 👑 👏, FINAL SCORE
FC Bayern 3 - 1 Darmstadt
Match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBD98

The boys complete the comeback thanks to goals from Thomas Müller and Robert Lewandowski!, GOOOOAAALL! LewanGOALski strikes again! Franck Ribery with the assist!

FC Bayern 3 - 1 Darmstadt, TOOOOOORRR!!! WHAT A GOAL FROM Thomas Müller!

FC Bayern 2 - 1 Darmstadt, MÜLLERED!!!! Thomas Müller with the equalizer!

FC Bayern 1 - 1 Darmstadt, HALFTIME
FC Bayern 0 - 1 Darmstadt

A difficult first half for the Reds, now 15 minutes time to prepare for the second half. Thoughts?, KICKOFF!
FC Bayern vs. Darmstadt - PACK MA'S!

Watch live on FOX Soccer Plus, Our starting XI vs. Darmstadt! We're ready, are you?

Watch live at 9:30 am EST on FOX Soccer plus, MATCHDAY!

Watch FC Bayern vs. Darmstadt @ 9:30 am EST on FOX Soccer Plus!, Bayern meet Darmstadt for for the 6th time in the Bundesliga tomorrow winning the last 4 of 5 encounters - can they make it 5 wins in a row?, ⚽ FC Bayern Munich - SV Darmstadt 1898 e.V.
🔔 Saturday, 2/20 @ 9: 30 am EST
📺 FOX Soccer Plus
Find a fan club near you ---> fcbayrn.us/WheretoWatch, Your moment of zen - brought to you by Douglas Costa 😉 😁, Pep says FC Bayern Munich can expect a tough match against Darmstadt tomorrow., Franck Ribery, Thiago Alcantara and  David Alaba look ahead to the weekend's clash with SV Darmstadt 1898 e.V. before they take on Juventus in midweek., Who remembers this beauty from Xabi Alonso from the last meeting with Darmstadt? #WhatABeaut, Medhi Benatia trained with the team again today, and Ribéry, Mario Götze & Tasci are "fit and ready"! Fingers crossed they'll feature in tomorrow's game! 😚, Work & play with Franck and Arturo 😂, Xabi Alonso: "First there's only Darmstadt on our minds.", Xabi Alonso on young talent Joshua Kimmich: "Joshua is doing very well in defense. He's not the biggest, but he's solid in the air!", Squad 💪 #MiaSanMia, #TBT to Bayern's first meeting with Darmstadt in September - Arturo Vidal, Kingsley Coman & Sebastian Rode all get on the scoring sheet, and Javi Martínez makes his return!, Hair twins David Alaba & Kingsley Coman ✂, Sehr gut, Xabi Alonso! 👍, Alaba on Ribéry: "He's eager to get back on the pitch again - he's getting stronger with every training session." 💪💪, LIVE from Säbener Straße earlier this morning! 
What do you think - would you want to see more live streams in the future?, Save up to 60% on FC Bayern accessories in our online store!

SHOP: fcbayrn.us/FanAccessories, 🚀 😁, Alley-oops + assists = ❤

FC Bayern Frauenfußball & FC Bayern Basketball do speed dating! ⚽ 🏀, Pass machine Thiago Alcantara on the UEFA Champions League, Darmstadt, special talents, and teamwork., Thiago Alcantara and Douglas Costa talk about focusing on the game against Darmstadt on Saturday, their packed schedule, & more., Gloves, hats, jackets: ✔
Warm-up: ✔
Stretch: ✔

Ready for a chilly training session ahead of #FCBD98!, Unstoppable acceleration from the boys in training today! 💪, The kickoff time and date for our DFB Cup semifinal against SV Werder Bremen has been confirmed. PACK MA'S!

➡ Tuesday, April 19, 2016 @ 2:30pm EST, "We're with you!" - Pep & the team send Holger Badstuber well wishes., We can hear the anthem already..., Nope, no goals here. Enjoy your day off, Lewy - and the snow! ❄ (📷: Robert Lewandowski), Jérôme Boateng: "I'm feeling very good, I'm very happy with my progress and am upbeat."

More from Boateng on his recovery: fcbayrn.us/BoatengProgress, Getting ready for two big games in the next seven days! Robert Lewandowski, David Alaba, and Douglas Costa show off their free kick tekkers 
Check out more training clips here: http://fcb.de/TrainingYT, We certainly felt the love on Valentine's Day with #FCBayernUS fan clubs showing some fantastic support ❤

Meet up with a fan club near you: fcbayrn.us/WheretoWatch

Start your own official FC Bayern fan club: fcbayrn.us/FanClubSetup, #MiaSanMia, 'The best performance this year' as FCB defy injury setback., Want to be our #FCBayernUS Fan of the Week? Answer the questions below and send them along with your three best pictures, name, and city for a chance to get featured!

1. “I became a Bayern fan…” (how)
2. “My all-time favorite Bayern player is…” (who and why)
3. “My dream Bayern team would be…”
4. “My fondest Bayern memory…”
5. “Best moment as a Bayern fan…”
6. “The best thing about being a Bayern fan is…”
7. “The best thing about being part of a fan club is…”
8. “My prediction for the upcoming game is…”

*Answers may be edited for brevity and clarity., Robert Lewandowski and the players react to Holger Badstuber's injury and what yesterday's win meant to the team., Robert Lewandowski (21) + Thomas Müller (15) = 36 goals! ⚽

The two have broken the record for the most prolific striker duo after 21 matchdays in Bundesliga history, previously held by Gerd Müller (23) and Uli Hoeneß (12) from 1972/73!, Looks like you certainly got a mouthful of yesterday's action, David 😁 (📷: David Alaba), Warm-down, hurdles, and rondos - catch today's training session in its entirety here: http://fcb.de/LiveTrainingnachFCAFCB, Good morning, #FCBayernUS fans! Here's a look at the top of the table to start your Monday off right 😉, Pep: "We're pleased that we won, especially for Holger.", Happy Valentine's Day, #FCBayernUS fans ❤, Robert Lewandowski currently leads the list of Bundesliga top scorers with 21 goals this season - only Gerd Müller had more goals (23) after 21 matchdays (1972/73)., Time to update that goal tally - Thomas Müller and Robert Lewandowski now have a combined 53 goals for FC Bayern Munich this season!, For the special FC Bayern Munich fan in your life. 

❤❤ --> fcbayrn.us/ValentinesFCB, Lots of love this Valentine's Day for Holger Badstuber from Pep & the team: "We'll always be there, we'll always support him. We love Holger!", FINAL SCORE
Augsburg 1 - 3 FC Bayern Munich

Match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportFCAFCB, #Müllered!!!

FC Augsburg 0 - 3 FC Bayern Munich, GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!! A beautiful pass from Thiago and LewanGOALski strikes again!!!

FC Augsburg 0 - 2 FC Bayern Munich, HALFTIME
FC Augsburg 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich

Lewandowski gives Bayern the lead with his 30th goal in the 31st competitive match of the season. What did you make of the first half?, GOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!  Robert Lewandowski nets it in to give Bayern the lead after a great assist by Thomas Müller!

FC Augsburg 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, KICKOFF

Let's get those three points for Holger! PACK MA'S!

Watch LIVE on FOX Sports 2, Our starting lineup for the Bavarian derby!

Watch @ 11:30 am EST LIVE on FOX Sports 2., Valentine's Day + matchday = 😍

FC Augsburg vs. FC Bayern Munich

WATCH LIVE @ 11:30 am EST on FOX Sports 2, The head-to-head is in FC Bayern Munich's favor ahead of the Bavarian Derby., Ribery poised to make his FC Bayern Munich return and Thomas Müller on the Bavarian derby against Augsburg., A regional derby on Valentine's Day. What could be better?  <3 😉, Our no.9 Robert Lewandowski has scored 9 goals in 9 games vs FC Augsburg. Can he make it 10 in 10 tomorrow?, Nice to see you all back at team training, Mario Götze, Franck Ribéry, Serdar Tasci and Medhi Benatiaa!, Get well soon Holger Badstuber! We know you never give up! 

We are family and stand with you all the way!, Before the Allianz Arena, there was the Olympiastadion. In Episode 2 of our new series "Mia San Bayern" we take a look at the incredible history of FC Bayern Munich's old stadium and its many legendary moments., Today is #WorldRadioDay, we'd love to hear what your favorite Thomas Müller quotes are!, Bayern won the first encounter with Augsburg 2-1 earlier this season but expect “a whole new match” on Sunday., ❤ ❤ ❤ ❤, #FBF - Bayern clinched the win against Augsburg in their first meeting this season thanks to goals from Lewandowski & Müller - will they get on the score sheet again on Sunday?, We want to hear from YOU this coming matchday!

Meeting up with a fan club for Sunday's game? Send us pictures from your watch party to be featured on our Facebook & Twitter!

Tag your pictures with @FCBayernUS on Twitter or use #FCBayernUS!, #FCBayernUS Fans of the Week Alex & John here training with FC Bayern official youth development partner Global Premier Soccer!  ⚽⚽⚽, #MiaSanMia, Pep on Kimmich: "He's always positive, always concentrated, always reliable" - seems to pay off!, Mario Götze, Thomas Müller, Thiago Alcantara & Co. show off their finishing skills in shooting practice!, Rabona + Olimpico + Corner Douglas Costa!!, #TBT: With the Bavarian derby around the corner, we look back at our first Bundesliga game in Augsburg - a 2-1 win including a goal from Franck Ribéry!, Save up to 60% on fan accessories in the #FCBayernUS online store!

➡ fcbayrn.us/FanAccessories, Get to know our mascot Berni! Find out his favorite food, song, moment, and more!, #FCBayernUS Fan(s) of the Week Elizabeth, Alex, John & Tobi tell us the best thing about being part of the Official FC Bayern Fan Club Long Island,New York!, 4 games, 3 braces in 2016 - Robert Lewandowski is on 🔥🔥🔥! 
Which is your favorite goal so far?, Road to 🏆x18 continues!, Super #LewanGOALski, Thomas Müller + Robert Lewandowski have scored a combined 50 goals this season! ✋ 👌, Last day of our flash sale! Discounts on both men's and women's home & away kits!

SHOP: fcbayrn.us/72HourSale, The DFB Cup semifinal draw has been made!

We will face Werder Bremen at the Allianz Arena on April 19 or 20!, FT 0-3 #BOCFCB Hello semifinals!

Match Report: fcbayrn.us/ReportBOCFCB, HALFTIME
VfL Bochum 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich

Bochum concede their first goal of the Cup thanks to a goal by Lewandowski. What did you make of the first half?, GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!!! LewanGOALski with the opener!

VfL Bochum 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, KICKOFF
A moment of silence was held in honor of the victims of the Bad Aibling tragedy & their families.

Let's get to the semis! PACK MA'S!
Watch LIVE on WatchESPN & ESPN Deportes, Our starting lineup for tonight's DFB-Pokal quarterfinal!, Only a couple hours to go until game time!
Watch live @ 2:30 pm EST on WatchESPN & ESPN Deportes. 🏆 ⚽ 👍, Bochum is the only remaining side yet to concede a goal in the DFB Cup. The boys were hard at work to change that today! 😉, We can qualify for the semifinals of the DFB Cup for the seventh year running today!

Where will you be watching?, FC Bayern Munich are unbeaten in 11 games vs Bochum., Former FC Bayern Munich player Bastian Schweinsteiger holds the record for most DFB-Pokal trophies (7). Captain Philipp Lahm has a chance to equal that this season (6)., Robert Lewandowski is ready for the Cup match on Wednesday - he has 13 goals in 25 appearances in the competition., FC Bayern Munich take on VfL Bochum tomorrow in the DFB-Pokal quarterfinals.

Watch tomorrow at 2:30 pm EST live on WatchESPN and ESPN Deportes or find a fan club near you: fcbayrn.us/WatchCupBOCFCB, Coach Pep Guardiola warns to not underestimate second division side Bochum in tomorrow's Cup match, and Arjen Robben on Franck Ribery rejoining team training., Final training session before the players leave for Bochum!, Meet #FCBayernUS FanS of the Week - Elizabeth, Alex, John, and Tobi!

Want to be our next Fan of the Week? Find out how: fcbayrn.us/FOTW, The boss isn't underestimating Bochum ahead of our DFB Cup quarterfinal on Wednesday night., 🐻 💪

If Berni had a superpower, what do you think it would be?, Thomas Müller and "Iceman" Robert Lewandowski having some fun in training during the winter: http://fcb.de/ShortsWinterEdition, Robben on Ribery's return, "We need him. We have difficult but wonderful months ahead of us.", Not bad, Thiago Alcantara!, Fancy a discount on our home and away jerseys? Check out our flash sale! Available for 72 hours only! http://fcbayrn.us/72HourSale, Robben is delighted about Ribéry's return, but issues warning ahead of the Cup match vs Bochum on Wednesday., #FCBayernUS fan clubs had some great turnouts this weekend!
THANK YOU for your support! 👏

Joined a fan club this weekend? Send us your pictures!, Franck Ribéry is back in training with a big smile on his face! 😄, Top of the table heading into midweek games - have a great start to the week! #MiaSanMia, Happy birthday, Joshua Kimmich (21)!, Can't get enough FC Bayern Munich? You can also check us out on our #FCBayernUS Twitter account: twitter.com/fcbayernus, Congratulations to Peyton Manning and the Denver Broncos on winning Super Bowl 50! #SB50 #NFL 👏, Müller against Scholl in free kicks - Thomas all smiles as ever :D, In a different world... 

😁 ⚽ 🏈 #SB50, Carolina Panthers or Denver Broncos? David Alaba and Mario Götze make their predictions for #SB50 🏈, Pep: "Kimmich turned in an outstanding display. Kießling and Chicharito didn't have any chances.", Despite the draw in Leverkusen, FC Bayern Munich remain 8 points clear at the top., Happy Sunday everyone! 👍 😁, Chinese New Year is being celebrated at the moment and our players send their best wishes! We just have to practice our Chinese a bit., Whether at the stadium, at home, or online - THANK YOU for your support!

#MiaSanMia, Robert Lewandowski named Polish Footballer of the Year for the fifth time in a row! Congrats, Lewy!, Today's game marked Philipp Lahm's 350th Bundesliga appearance for FC Bayern Munich - here's to plenty more!, Pep praises Joshua Kimmich's performance keeping Kießling & Chicharito at bay, and more reactions here: fcbayrn.us/ReactionsB04FCB, FINAL SCORE
Bayer Leverkusen 0 - 0 FC Bayern Munich

A hard-fought battle sees Bayern through with a point: fcbayrn.us/ReportB04FCB, HALFTIME
Bayer Leverkusen 0 - 0 FC Bayern Munich

An intense 45 minutes. What did you make of the first half?, KICKOFF
Bayer Leverkusen - FC Bayern Munich

Watch LIVE on FOX. PACK MA'S!, Today's starting XI to face Bayer Leverkusen!

Watch LIVE on FOX at 12:30 pm EST, MATCHDAY!
FC Bayern Munich travel to Levekusen for this weekend's top clash!

What are your predictions?, FC Bayern Munich look to make it 14 wins from the last 21 encounters with Leverkusen tomorrow., ⚽ or ✋? Can Sebastian Rode score on Tom Starke in the penalty kick challenge? You voted - now watch the video to find out! #18toWin, This Saturday at 12:30pm EST live on FOX:  FC Bayern Munich and LewanGOALski take on Chicharito and Bayer 04 Leverkusen Fussball! Don't miss it! (video via FOX Soccer), Don't miss tomorrow's clash of Bundesliga top scorers!
Lewandowski & FC Bayern Munich vs. Chicharito & Bayer Leverkusen

🔔 Saturday, 2/6 @ 12:30 pm EST / 9:30 am PST
📺 LIVE on FOX
💻 twitter.com/FCBayernEN <--- live updates, A combined 53 goals and 27 assists in one photo. 🔥 🔥 🔥, Manuel Neuer on facing an aggressive Bayer Leverkusen side in tomorrow's Bundesliga top clash and new signing Serdar Tasci's qualities., Neuer: "We're a tight-knit group. Everyone's there for each other" 
Douglas Costa & David Alaba are ready for #B04FCB. #MiaSanMia, How to warm up in 7 seconds 😜, #FCBayernUS Fan of the Week David tells us his fondest Bayern memory, which includes one Robert Lewandowski & a certain famous scoreline 😉, Mario Götze making good progress on working towards his comeback., Manuel Neuer praised the team unity before the top clash vs Leverkusen., This Saturday won't be the first time Robben and Chicharito meet on the pitch. #TBT

Watch Leverkusen vs Bayern this Saturday on FOX: fcbayrn.us/WatchB04FCB, Chicharito & Leverkusen vs. Lewandowski & Bayern

It's a battle of Bundesliga top scorers this weekend!

WATCH #B04FCB ➡ Saturday, 2/6 @ 12:30 pm EST live on FOX, Beckenbauer: "Both are world class, aren't selfish and there is no jealousy involved. For both of them, the success of the team as a whole is what counts first." 

Column: fcbayrn.us/BeckenbauerColumn4, All eyes on #B04FCB! 👀, Manuel Neuer on a busy February vs. Leverkusen, Bochum, Augsburg, Darmstadt, and Juventus., Wrapping up the second-to-last training session ahead of #B04FCB!, #MiaSanMia, Douglas Costa's first touch!! 😱 😱, WATCH Bayern take on Leverkusen this Saturday LIVE on FOX!

➡ Saturday, 2/6 @ 12:30 pm EST / 9:30 am PST, Our #FCBayernUS Fan of the Week, David, tells us who his favorite Bayern player is and why!

Find out how to get featured: fcbayrn.us/FOTW, FC Bayern Munich has issued a statement on the media reports surrounding Arturo Vidal., "Everything ok" - speedy recovery, Javi Martínez! 👍, Manuel and the Wolff 😉
Manuel Neuer & Co. congratulated Germany national handball keeper Andreas Wolff on Germany's recent European Championship win!, #MiaSanMia, In his latest #FCBayernUS column, club legend Franz Beckenbauer talks about Guardiola's departure and what makes Robert Lewandowski & Thomas Müller so deadly., Always time for a trick between drills, right Thiago Alcantara? ;), Meet David, our #FCBayernUS Fan of the Week!

Want to get featured? Find out how: fcbayrn.us/FOTW, ICYMI - there was one more signing on #DeadlineDay involving Thomas Müller..., Unstoppable Robert Lewandowski

- 27 goals in 28 competitive games
- 19 goals in 18 Bundesliga games
- 12 shots in one match (personal record)
- 52 goals in 77 games for FC Bayern Munich, Congratulations to David Alaba on being named "Austria's Footballer of the Year" for the third year in a row!, Javi Martínez underwent successful knee surgery and is expected to return in four weeks: fcbayrn.us/JaviKnee

Speedy recovery, Javi!, 29 days, 3 competitions, 6 matches - the next month is a crucial one for FC Bayern Munich. Next stop: Leverkusen this Saturday on FOX. 😉, How great is it to have Mario Götze back in action on the training pitch!, Center back Serdar Tasci joins FC Bayern Munich on loan from Spartak Moscow, Juan Bernat and Mario Götze make progress, and Robert Lewandowski's stunning scoring record., From Atlanta to Arizona to Montreal, thank you for the great support this weekend! #MiaSanMia #FCBayernUS, Mario Götze returned to team training today after almost four months out - welcome back, Mario!, Arjen Robben is back with a bang!, Welcome to FC Bayern Munich, Serdar Tasci!

Centre back joins on loan from Spartak: fcbayrn.us/TasciTransfer, Good morning, #FCBayernUS fans! Eight points clear at the top, definitely not a bad way to start the week 😉, How many Robert Lewandowski? ✌ 😉, Our favorite mathematical formula:

Thomas Müller + Robert Lewandowski = ⚽🔥⚽🔥, Stephen Curry or LeBron James?  Mario Götze on the most exciting athlete to watch right now and what he's currently listening to., 561 minutes without a goal at the Allianz Arena! 💪 #Warriors, Lewy can't stop scoring and our Brazilian winger can't stop setting them up! 

Douglas Costa added his 15th assist of the season in all competitions today., Robert Lewandowski double on a historic night at the Allianz Arena, YEEEEES!!! FINAL SCORE @ Allianz Arena:

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 TSG 1899 Hoffenheim
Match Report: fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCBTSG, TOOOOOOOOOOOOOR! 2-0!!!

Robert LewanGOALski does it again! Our captain with the assist!, HT at the Allianz Arena:
FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 TSG 1899 Hoffenheim
Goal: Robert Lewandowski (32'), The goal

Costa ---> LewanGOALski, TOOOOOOOOOOOOR at Allianz Arena!  Costa --> Lewandowski! (32')

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 TSG 1899 Hoffenheim, And we're off! #FCBTSG 

FC Bayern Munich vs TSG 1899 Hoffenheim, Arjen Robben makes his comeback today! #FCBTSG, Our lineup for the 500th game at the Allianz Arena! #FCBTSG

FC Bayern Munich vs TSG 1899 Hoffenheim live at 11:30am EST, The 500th game in the Allianz Arena is today. Which was your favourite out of the previous 499?, A history of wins against Hoffenheim. Hopefully that continues today for FC Bayern Munich in the first Allianz Arena game of 2016! #FCBTSG, FC Bayern Munich return to the Allianz Arena for the first home match of 2016 tomorrow looking to continue their undefeated record against Hoffenheim., Just hold on we're going hoam. #FCBTSG, Where to watch FC Bayern Munich's first home match of 2016 tomorrow against Hoffenheim: fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBTSG

⚽ Sunday, 1/31 @ 11:30 am EST
📺 FOX Soccer Plus
💻 twitter.com/FCBayernEN <--- live updates, Our first home game of 2016 tomorrow is also the 500th at the Allianz Arena!

What are some of the most memorable moments at the Allianz Arena for you?, Be our next #FCBayernUS Fan of the Week and get featured on our Facebook & Twitter! 

Find out more here: fcbayrn.us/FOTW, The players wrap up the final training session ahead of tomorrow's Bundesliga encounter against Hoffenheim #FCBTSG

Welcome back, Rafinha!, The FC Bayern Munich players were in tennis mode today celebrating Bayern fan Angelique Kerber's Australian Open win 🎾 ⚽ 👏, null, Thomas Müller and Robert Lewandowski have a combined 31 Bundesliga goals - no striker duo in league history has scored that many in 18 matches 🔥 🔥 🔥, Arjen Robben and Sebastian Rode preview the first home match of 2016 against Hoffenheim, and the Allianz Arena celebrates a special milestone., Douglas Costa's looking forward to Sunday! Just two days left until the first home match of 2016 at the Allianz Arena! ✌, Meet FC Bayern Frauenfußball defender and U.S. U-23 international Claire Falknor!, Arjen Robben and Co. working hard on the #FCBayern training pitch today while Franck Ribéry is in the "final phase" of his recovery!, Good news from the training pitch! Rafinha Official was back in team training today!, Our first home match in 2016 will also be a special one. Guess how many wins we've had., ... guess that's one way to do it, Thomas Müller 😝, Shop our top-sellers and get FREE shipping on orders of $30 or more!

➡ fcbayrn.us/ShopTopSellers, See the updated Bundesliga on FOX Sports schedule including our nationally-televised game next week., In 15 games vs Hoffenheim since 2008, FC Bayern Munich have yet to lose a game. Some memorable matches down the years. #TBT, Exactly three days to go until the boys return to action at the Allianz Arena! Not long to go now, #FCBayern fans..., U.S. Consulate General to Munich Jennifer Gavito stopped by Säbener Straße and visited FC Bayern Frauenfußball's American players Gina Lewandowski and Claire Falknor., Our Bundesliga record against TSG 1899 Hoffenheim... Just three days to go until our first home match of the year at the Allianz Arena!, Holger Badstuber on Jérôme Boateng, the FC Bayern defense, and facing Hoffenheim on Sunday., Mario Götze meets action star Jason Statham at the Audi Driving Experience., FC Bayern commemorates the International Day of Remembrance for the Victims of National Socialism with the opening of the touring exhibition “Venerated – Persecuted - Forgotten: Victims of National Socialism at FC Bayern München”.

Learn more about the exhibition and FCB history here: fcbayrn.us/Erlebniswelt, Emily from NYC tells us about her best moment as an FC Bayern fan.

Want to be next week's #FCBayernUS Fan of the Week? Find out more here: fcbayrn.us/FOTW, Who'll win the penalty shootout? Will Sebastian Rode score or will Tom Starke make the save? 

Vote now: www.18towin.com #18toWin, This move right here (and with no wind involved!). 🎩s off to you, David Alaba!, The first home game of 2016 is right around the corner! 
These guys are back at work at Säbener Straße 👍 👌, Jérôme Boateng talks about his injury and starting the long recovery process., David Alaba and Arjen Robben return to the pitch in FC Bayern Munich's win over the weekend while Jérôme Boateng talks about beginning the recovery progress., Jérôme Boateng is staying positive after his muscle injury. Get well soon!, We want to see YOU in Munich! Find out how to enter for a chance to win the ultimate VIP experience to watch FC Bayern Munich play & more by donating to Music for Relief: fcbayrn.us/FCBMFR, Kingsley Coman is the fastest player in the Bundesliga at 22 mph! (Opta), Beautiful weather at training today. The sun makes the hard work a lot more fun! ☀, Friday's win marked Javi Martínez's 50th win in 58 Bundesliga games - the fastest 50 wins in league history! Congrats, Javi!, For this week's #FCBayernUS Fan of the Week, we hear from Emily in NYC and her experience as a Bayern fan. 

Want to be our Fan of the Week? Check here for more details: fcbayrn.us/FOTW, Robert Lewandowski is only the 4th player in Bundesliga history with at least 17 goals in 5 consecutive Bundesliga seasons. 

What can we say? #Proud, With 108 goals Robert Lewandowski is already up to third in the all-time Bundesliga foreign scorers list behind Elber (133) and Pizarro (179)!, Ready to go back home? #MiaSanMia, New year - same old table toppers! 😉 #MiaSanMia, On that note, have a good start to the week everyone! 👍, The deadly duo picked up right where they left off in 2015., Lahm: "We know he's an excellent player. He's very important for us.”, What a touch! Check out Costa and Thiago impress at training., Bundesliga is back! Sign up for the #FCBayernUS newsletter to stay on top of the ball: fcbayrn.us/USNewsletter, "We both know how the other plays." 

Thomas Müller & Robert Lewandowski have scored 65% of FC Bayern Munich's goals this season., #ComeBackStronger Boa!, #MiaSanMia, The Bundesliga is back, check out where to watch all the FC Bayern Munich games and more on Fox Sports., Mario Götze meets Jason Statham and American Olympic Champion Ted Ligety at the Audi Driving Experience., Our Arjen Robben turned 32 today - 6+ years at FC Bayern Munich, many great memories, one iconic night. Share your favorite Robben moments with us!, Plenty to celebrate at training on Saturday! Juan Bernat's return to training and Arjen Robben's birthday!, Speedy recovery, Boa!, null, Our Dutch winger turns 32 today - Happy birthday, Arjen Robben!, Thomas Müller: "We knew we weren't going to be at our top level yet but I am satisfied. We want to get better with every game.", Job well done team! Thanks as always for the great support #FCBayernUS fans!, Robert Lewandowski scored his 50th competitive goal for FC Bayern Munich today! Bravo, Lewy!!!, FC Bayern Munich are back in action after a 1-2 away win over Hamburg to kick off the second half of the Bundesliga season., FINAL SCORE
Hamburger SV 1 – 2 FC Bayern Munich

First win from the first game of 2016!
Match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportHSVFCB, GOOOOOAAAAAAALLL!!!

LewanGOALski strikes again!!!

Hamburger SV 1 – 2 FC Bayern Munich (61‘), HALFTIME

Hamburg 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich

Bayern take the lead after Robert Lewandowski successfully converts the penalty. What did you make of the first half?, First Bundesliga goal in 2016 from guess who...Robert.... LewanGOALski!

Hamburger SV 0 – 1 FC Bayern Munich (37’), Pack ma’s! #HSVFCB

Watch LIVE on FS1 or follow the game here:
Twitter.com/FCBayernEN
Instagram.com/FCBayern
Snapchat: FCBayernSnaps, Bundesliga is BACK! Here's our starting lineup for the first game of 2016 against Hamburg., Robert Lewandowski's all ready for Hamburg: "We rehearsed a thing or two...", Not much longer now! We want to know your predictions for #HSVFCB - add them in the comments below!, The Bundesliga restart #HSVFCB kicks off in a few hours! 

Hamburger SV - FC Bayern Munich
📺 FOX Sports 1
🔔 2:30 pm EST / 11:30 am PST, The wait is finally over - Bundesliga is BACK!

Catch Hamburg vs. FC Bayern Munich today at 2:30 pm EST LIVE on FS1.

Where will you be tuning in from?, 🎼 🎧, #FCBayernUS fans in the Bay Area! Join Mia San Francisco to kick off the Bundesliga restart against Hamburg tomorrow at 11:30 am PST at Steff's: 141 2nd Street in the SoMa District, Robert Lewandowski, Holger Badstuber, and Pep preview FC Bayern Munich's first game of 2016 as they kick off the second half of the season tomorrow against Hamburg., Beats by Dre announced as the new official partner of FC Bayern Munich: fcbayrn.us/FCBBeats, Goals galore! FC Bayern Munich have found the net 44 times in their last 10 BL games vs. Hamburg. 

Your predictions for #HSVFCB?, Hats, gloves, all bundled up & ready to go for the final training session ahead of #HSVFCB!, Pep and the FC Bayern Munich players look to take all three points in tomorrow's Bundesliga restart encounter vs. Hamburg., Caption this! What could Pep and Philipp Lahm be saying to each other here? 👀, T-minus 1 day..., Calling all #FCBayernUS fans! We want to hear from you!
Send us three pictures of you in your best Bayern gear and answer three of the following questions for a chance to be featured in our new series, 'FC Bayern U.S. Fan of the Week'!
1. “I became a Bayern fan…” (how)
2. “My all-time favorite Bayern player is…” (who and why)
3. “My dream Bayern team would be…”
4. “My fondest Bayern memory…”
5. “Best moment as a Bayern fan…”
6. “The best thing about being a Bayern fan is…”
7. “The best thing about being part of a fan club is…”
8. “My prediction for the Hamburg-Bayern game is…”, The Bundesliga restart is just around the corner - catch #HSVFCB this Friday at 2:30 pm EST LIVE on FS1.

More: fcbayrn.us/WatchHSVFCB, Just a few guys, working their magic 🙌, On your marks - get set - go! The finish line is in sight in our preparations for the second half of the season. Just 2 days to go!, Stay patient. Not much longer to go now..., Mario Götze on track to rejoin the team soon., We've hit 25,000 followers on Twitter - THANK YOU, #FCBayernUS fans! We couldn't have done it without you!

In case you aren't following us already, check us out here: twitter.com/FCBayernUS, Melly, Sara and Vero put their skills to test at the Crossbar Challenge! Check out more at FC Bayern Frauenfußball., Working hard with a little bit of fun every now and then 😉 #MiaSanMia, Freezing temps? No problem for these guys as preparations for #HSVFCB continue!, The countdown is on! 💪, We hear from Franck Ribery on his recovery during an extra session today and recap this weekend's friendly in Karlsruhe., Get ready for the second half of the season. Get your free FC Bayern Munich gift with purchase in our online store! fcbayrn.us/FreeGiftFCB, Franck Ribéry, Mehdi Benatia, and Mario Götze report on their progress after putting in extra shifts on Monday., The Bundesliga restart is in sight!
Hamburger SV vs. FC Bayern Munich - Friday, January 22 @ 2:30 pm EST live on FS1, Happy Birthday, Pep Guardiola! The FC Bayern boss turns 45 today!, The FC Bayern Munich players talk about being 'awake and prepared' for the Bundesliga restart after yesterday's loss., A little bit of Brazilian artistry at Säbener Straße 👌 🙌, Perfect wintry conditions at training today, complete with hats, gloves, hats, and Berni!, David Alaba showing some love for the Seattle Seahawks today - who you got? #SEAvsCAR (via David Alaba), Rafinha sustained some knee bruising in yesterday's friendly and will be out of action for the next few days.

Get well soon!, Miss yesterday's friendly vs. Karlsruhe? Catch some of the highlights here.

Match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportKSCFCB, ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Thomas Müller, Second half of the Bundesliga season is less than a week away, here are all the games you can expect on Fox Sports., Jérôme Boateng wants to see YOU in Munich! Find out how to enter for a chance to win the ultimate VIP experience to watch FC Bayern Munich play & more by donating to Music for Relief: fcbayrn.us/FCBMFR, Despite the result, Douglas Costa had a great outing and was impossible to stop at times!, FINAL SCORE: Karlsruher SC 2 - 1 FC Bayern Munich

Match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportKSCFCB, HALF-TIME: Karlsruher SC 1 - 1 FC Bayern Munich 

Vidal scored Bayern's goal with a curling effort from outside the box (22'), Here's our line-up for the game against Karlsruher SC Kick-off at 9:30 am EST., #FBF to almost one year ago against next Friday's opponent Hamburg! Bayern won the Valentine's Day matchup 8-0 at home - can you name all the goal scorers?, Doesn't matter whether it's a ⚽ or ❄ ball - Robert Lewandowski will always find the target 😉, Just 7 days left until the Bundesliga returns!
Hamburger SV - FC Bayern Munich
Friday, 1/22 at 2:30 pm EST on FOX Sports 1.

Where will you be watching #HSVFCB?, FC Bayern Munich face Karlsruher SC tomorrow. A number of FC Bayern Legends such as Kahn, Scholl & Tarnat all joined from KSC. Can you think of anyone else?, The FC Bayern Munich players braved the cold today at training as they prepared for tomorrow's friendly vs. Karlsruhe and the Bundesliga restart next week., A little cold & snow never bothered these guys - the players are in good spirits training at Säbener Straße ahead of tomorrow's friendly against Karlsruhe.

Take on the cold in style this season: fcbayrn.us/ShopStayWarm1516, Thomas Müller's - unique - strut, and more from #FCBTrainingCamp!

Watch the whole clip here: fcbayrn.us/ShortClipsVol10, The FC Bayern Munich players report back to team training in Munich ahead of their friendly against Karlsruhe on Saturday, plus hear from new FC Bayern Frauenfußball signing and U.S. U-23 international Claire Falknor on joining the Bayern women., The players are back at work in Munich preparing for Saturday's friendly against Karlsruhe!, Save on select FC Bayern Munich gear to start off 2016!, Home sweet home!, null, Ribéry & Alaba are always a spectacle when they're together - this is no different 
Check out the whole clip here: fcbayrn.us/ShortClipsVol10, Mia san Bayern - in our new series, we'll give you a closer look into Bavarian culture, traditions, and show you what the city of Munich is all about - with a little help from David Alaba & Holger Badstuber., Check out Julian Green's diary from #FCBTrainingCamp from the trip to Doha to watching Nadal vs. Djokovic at the ATP finals to training with the first team!

Read here: fcbayrn.us/GreenTrainingDiary, Franck Ribéry is working hard on his comeback. The Frenchman recently talked to FCBtv about his progress and when he expects to rejoin team training., What do you think of our captain's idea for the Ballon d'Or?, Incredible! Not 1, not 2, not 3, not 4, but FIVE MILLION fans on instagram.com/fcbayern.
THANK YOU!, With the #FCBTrainingCamp in Doha officially over, coach Pep Guardiola, Xabi Alonso, Thomas Müller & others reflect on a successful week, and what's left to do before the season restart., Javi Martínez, Xabi Alonso & others look back on a successful #FCBTrainingCamp and what's left to prepare for the upcoming season restart., To celebrate Manuel Neuer being named to EA SPORTS FIFA's Team of the Year, we're giving away three Neuer player items! #TOTY
 
SHARE for a chance to win!, You voted - Thomas Müller is your Bayern player of December! Congrats, Thomas!, The players are back in Munich - welcome back, guys! 👋, Next stop, Munich!, MIA SAN MIA - One last group photo at the airport before the players head back to Munich!, Last training session of #FCBTrainingCamp. At the center of it - our No. 1 and FIFPro World XI Goalkeeper, Manuel Neuer!, In part 3 of our 'Mia san Traininingslager' series, we hear from Robert Lewandowski on winning Polish Sports Personality of the Year, progress at camp, and his desire for more., Improv at its best in this week's Move of the Week!, We had fun with David's Snapchat takeover yesterday! In case you missed it, here's the story in full!
To see more, check out 'fcbayernsnaps' and David Alaba at 'da_twentyseven'., FC Bayern Frauenfußball sign U.S. U-23 international Claire Falknor from the University of Florida through June 2017. Welcome to Munich, Claire! fcbayrn.us/FCBWFalknor, FC Bayern Munich and Yahoo Sports announce a global media partnership to bring FC Bayern content to millions of sports fans worldwide: fcbayrn.us/FCBYahoo, Manuel Neuer has been named in the FIFA FIFPro World XI 2015 - congrats, Manu!, Arjen Robben and David Alaba talk about their progress at camp, while Manuel Neuer, Alaba, and Robert Lewandowski are presented with a number of awards., Running, heading, shooting - the FC Bayern players were back at it again in training this morning. Catch the entire training session here: fcbayrn.us/Training011116, Thanks for the help on Snapchat yesterday, David Alaba! Check out the second half of his takeover & more behind-the-scenes footage by following 'fcbayernsnaps'!, They shoot, they score! The Bayern players showing their clinical side., Yeah... we can see why Robert Lewandowski was voted Polish Sports Personality of the Year 😜, Hear from Linkin Park's own Mike Shinoda and Dave Farrell on how to enter for a chance to win a VIP trip to Munich to watch FC Bayern Munich play & more by donating to Music for Relief.
Find out more here: fcbayrn.us/FCBMFR, Robert Lewandowski talks about winning Polish Sports Personality of the Year as the first footballer in 33 years. Congrats, Lewy!

Read more about the award here: fcbayrn.us/LewyPLPOTY15, Miss today's live chat with Thiago Alcantara? Catch our Q&A in its entirety here: fcbayrn.us/LiveChatThiago, Good news from training camp as Arjen Robben, David Alaba, and Sven Ulreich return to team training!, Check out our Snapchat today for a special takeover by David Alaba!
Follow us by adding 'fcbayernsnaps' or scanning the code below in Snapchat!, Sebastian Rode reports from camp for the second installment of 'Mia san Trainingslager' & runs through the players' day off in Doha., #FCBTrainingCamp crossbar challenge featuring Thomas Müller, Philipp Lahm, and Tom 'The Finisher' Starke 😜 
More here: fcbayrn.us/CrossbarChallengeDoha, "It means a lot to me..." Robert Lewandowski voted Polish Sports Personality of the year as the first footballer in 33 years! Congrats, Lewy!

Read here: fcbayrn.us/LewyPLPOTY15, Catching the ATP World Tour finals in Doha, putting in some extra shifts, and more - see how the players spent their day off!, Work, play, all in a day's work for Franck Ribéry, Medhi Benatia & David Alaba 😉, Robert Lewandowski, Thiago Alcantara and Douglas Costa checking in from training camp!, FC Bayern Munich midfielder Gianluca Gaudino will join Swiss side FC St. Gallen on an 18-month loan. Good luck, Gianluca!, Miss training from Doha today? Watch the whole thing here: fcbayrn.us/DohaTrainingJan16, Don't worry Thomas Müller 😉 Coming soon on youtube.com/fcbayern, All good things come in threes 😉 💪  #NeuerTheWall
Neuer voted World's Best Goalkeeper for third year in a row: fcbayrn.us/NeuerWorldGoalkeeper3, That's a sight to make you smile! David Alaba returned to team training for parts of the session of Friday evening! Keep working, David!, Manuel Neuer and David Alaba have been voted into the 'UEFA Team of the Year': fcbayrn.us/NeuerAlabaTOTY15

Only Messi got more votes than Alaba!! Congrats guys!, In the first column of the 'Mia san Trainingslager' series, we hear from Javi Martínez about the team's chemistry during the training camp, reflecting on his performance, and what TV shows he watches in his spare time., Manuel Neuer has been voted World's Best Goalkeeper of the Year for the third consecutive time! Congrats, Manu! 

Read here: fcbayrn.us/NeuerWorldGoalkeeper3, An update on the status of David Alaba, Arjen Robben, Mario Götze, Franck Ribery, and Medhi Benatia during the team training camp., Pass, Pass, Pass, Shoot - Tor!! That easy sometimes ;)
We're streaming training tomorrow live: fcb.de/LiveTrainingDoha2016, Football meets football - David Alaba and New York Giants WR Odell Beckham Jr ⚽ 🏈, Nice little move there, Jérôme Boateng 😉, Jan Kirchhoff completes move to Premier League side Sunderland AFC - good luck in England, Jan!, Day 2 of #FCBTrainingCamp in Doha - Sporting Director Matthias Sammer provides an update on the recovery status of Arjen Robben, Mario Götze, David Alaba & co., with some good news!, Confirmed: Sinan Kurt joins HERTHA BSC. The forward has signed a contract with the Berlin club through June 2019: fcbayrn.us/KurtBSC
Good luck in Berlin, Sinan!, Team talk ⚽ ☀, A packed winter schedule awaits FC Bayern Frauenfußball including a training camp in Spain and a friendly against Arsenal., Day 1 of #FCBTrainingCamp - see the FC Bayern Munich boys in action in their first session in Doha! ⚽ #MiaSanMia, He did it again! AND AGAIN! Robert Lewandowski scores from an impossible angle...with the outside of his foot!!!, We hear from captain Philipp Lahm & Holger Badstuber as FC Bayern Munich touch down in Doha for our winter training camp!, The FC Bayern Munich players touched down in Doha and immediately got to work under the flood lights! #FCBTrainingCamp, 24 first team and 5 youth players took off this morning. The #FCBTrainingCamp in Doha can begin! More: fcbayrn.us/DestinationDoha, FYI we are also on Snapchat. Add "fcbayernsnaps" for exclusive and up-close coverage of the team., Our Brazilian winger was voted the best player of the first half of the season by his peers! Congrats, Douglas Costa!, Who said goalkeepers have no skill? Check this move out by Manuel Neuer!, Pep Guardiola uses his first press conference of 2016 to explain his departure from FC Bayern Munich at the end of season and updates on injured players., The last session before heading off to the training camp!, We close out our 12 Days of #FCBXmas with December 2015, yet another action-packed month at the club: 
 - FC Bayern Munich lock in their spot in the Champions League Round of 16
- Jérôme Boateng earns a place in the Guinness World Records
- Thomas Müller, Jerome Boateng, Xabi Alonso & Javi Martínez extend their contracts, Good morning, FC Bayern Munich fans! We're already looking forward to the first home match of 2016 at the Allianz Arena!, 6 FC Bayern Munich players up for UEFA's Tea of the Year! Vote for them here: http://fcbayrn.us/TOTY2015, Lewandowski, Müller & Co. are always having fun in training and off the pitch, and this has produced a fair few funny moments. Enjoy!, The FC Bayern Munich players are back in training after the holidays and David Alaba talks about preparing for the second half of the season., The boys are back in town! Servus and welcome back!, Day 11 of our 12 Days of #FCBXmas - November 2015: A busy month!
-The DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) trains at Säbener Straße
- GPS coaches visit Munich
- FC Bayern Frauenfußball's Gina Lewandowski meets Robert Lewandowski
- A 5-1 home win in the Champions League over Arsenal
- Robert Lewandowski earns a place (or four) in the Guinness World Records, 270,329 members (November 2015’s figure)! More than any ther club in the world!! Thank you for your support!, After 15 days of holidays, the FC Bayern Munich players report back to Säbener Strasse tomorrow for their winter training., FC Bayern Munich and Linkin Park team up to support Music for Relief, with every donation entering for a chance to win a VIP experience in Munich! prizeo.com/munich, Day 10 of our 12 Days of #FCBXmas - October 2015: FC Bayern Munich set the tone for the Klassiker in their first matchup of the season with a 5-1 win!, Mia San Mia, Emoji time! ;) Who else would you pair with an emoji?, Neuer the Wall - Our No. 1 conceded only 22 goals in all of 2015!!, Bayern through and through! ❤, Thiago Alcantara, Douglas Costa & Rafinha Official with some magic! Que belo!, Day 9 of our 12 Days of #FCBXmas - September 2015: Robert Lewandowski makes history, and FC Bayern Munich hit up Oktoberfest!, The countdown continues - 20 days to go, FC Bayern Munich fans!, Berni's New Year's resolution? Do more sports! What are some of your resolutions?, New year, new FC Bayern Munich & Bundesliga action on FOX Sports - see the updated schedule here., Kick off your 2016 like Thomas Müller. 😝 😜, Day 8 of our 12 Days of #FCBXmas - August 2015: FC Bayern Munich kick off the 2015/16 season at the Allianz Arena with a 5-0 win over Hamburg!, Plenty of goals scored in 2015 - and we definitely want to see more in the new year! Subscribe to www.FCB.tv/en today and never miss any of the action, whether it's highlights, reactions, and much more right after the final whistle!

T-Mobile customers - find out how to access FCB.tv for free: fcb.tv/t-mobile, A successful 2015 has come to an end. What are your wishes for FC Bayern Munich in 2016?, Happy New Year! Here's a look at how the FC Bayern Munich players ushered in 2016., null, Happy New Year #FCBayernUS fans!!!! We wish you all the best in 2016!, Happy Neuer!, We wish all #FCBayernUS fans a Happy New Year!, Ready for the slide into 2016? Enjoy tonight's celebrations everyone! 🎉 #MiaSanMia, Day 7 of our 12 Days of #FCBXmas - July 2015: The team heads to China for their summer tour, and Arturo Vidal joins FC Bayern Munich!, 'Danke für alles' - thank you for everything in 2015!, Record 1000 wins and Neuer, Müller & Lewy's individual records - FC Bayern Munich's stats in historic 2015: fcbayrn.us/Stats2015, null, Without a doubt one of the biggest highlights of the year - Robert Lewandowski's 5 goals in 9 minutes. What was the highlight of 2015 for you? #tbt, Robert Lewandowski talks about his best spell yet with the club, his 5-goal show vs Wolfsburg and more., Robert Lewandowski bowls and (surprise!) is pretty awesome at it - and tops it off with a little celebration you might know from a classic 😉, Whether you're spending them in the ☀, ❄ or at the 🏀, enjoy the rest of your holidays everyone!, Day 6 of our 12 Days of #FCBXmas - June 2015: #FCBayernUS fans turned out in great numbers at our Fan Fest in Miami, where Berni, the Meisterschale and FCB legend Paul Breitner all made appearances! Thanks to everyone who came & made it special!, The perfect Hinrunde at the Allianz Arena!, ICYMI: FC Bayern Munich's winter break schedule ahead of the season restart on January 22., 🚀  Robben, 🎶 Thiago und 👑 Arturo. What other emojis would you like to see for FC Bayern Munich players?, FC Bayern Munich experienced 30% growth on social media in 2015, up to 52 million followers around the world., Day 5 of our 12 Days of #FCBXmas - May 2015: A month with plenty to celebrate as both FC Bayern Munich and FC Bayern Frauenfußball win their respective championships & celebrate for the first time together!, ⚽ meets 🏀 - Jérôme Boateng with the Miami Heat's Dwyane Wade., The famous mask, 5-goal show, and a special lucky jersey - Robert Lewandowski looks back on an exciting 2015. See more here: fcb.de/LewyInterview2015

Click on 'Captions' in the settings for subtitles in English., During Bayern's encounter with Köln on October 24, Kingsley Coman reached speeds of 34.37 km/h or over 21 mph! #speedmachine, 2014/15 champions, 2015/16 Herbstmeister, and the best record in 2015! FC Bayern Munich have plenty of successes to look back on in 2015!, Day 4 of our 12 Days of #FCBXmas - April 2015: Bayern win their second Klassiker encounter vs. Dortmund to complete the sweep, a dramatic DFB-Pokal quarterfinals won in a penalty shootout, and the chair seen 'round the world., Check out our FC Bayern Frauenfußball in the corner kick challenge including American Gina Lewandowski., From training camps to championship celebrations, signings, the China tour, Oktoberfest, and the annual Christmas party, FCB.tv News brings you some of the highlights from an eventful 2015., What a Champions League run so far this season! No team has been as dominant as FC Bayern Munich., Goals galore in 2015! FC Bayern Munich scored 141 goals this year - which was your favorite?, Robert Lewandowski is Opta's Player of the Year (via OptaFranz). Congrats, Lewy!, Day 3 of our 12 Days of #FCBXmas - March 2015: A particularly spectacular performance with 7 goals scored vs. Shakhtar Donetsk saw Bayern through to their fourth consecutive Champions League quarterfinals appearance!, Skills on skills on skills and we're not complaining 👌

Who's got the best tricks? 👀, Franck Ribéry looks back on 2015 and the support of his family, the club, and the fans during his recovery over the last year., Day 2 of our 12 Days of #FCBXmas - February 2015: FC Bayern Munich celebrates its 115th anniversary!, Xabi Alonso jam session, Rockstar Rode & the Javi Martinez Xmas special., How the FC Bayern Munich players spent their Christmas 🎄🎅☀, null, Plenty of time for some memorable selfies this past year for the FC Bayern Munich players. Send us your own #FCBayernSelfie to facebook@fcb.de., Join us as we look back on the last 12 months in our 12 Days of #FCBXmas starting with January of this year: Manuel Neuer makes the Ballon d'Or shortlist, and the FC Bayern Frauenfußball team comes to the U.S. for their winter training camp!, Merry Christmas to all our #FCBayernUS fans! 

Share your #FCBXmas photos with us!!, Merry Christmas from our FC Bayern Frauenfußball!, Happy Holidays from us and Thomas Müller to the #FCBayernUS family. We thank you for your support in 2015 and hope you found some nice gifts under your Christmas tree! 🎄⚽🎅🎁, Still need a gift for the FC Bayern Munich fan in your life? Our e-Gift cards got you covered: fcbayrn.us/FCBEGiftCards, Christmas tree is decorated, the gifts are ready and the holiday music is playing. We're ready for #FCBXmas!, The FC Bayern Munich players would like to wish you 'Frohe Weihnachten' / 'Feliz Navidad' / 'Merry Christmas' !  :) #FCBXmas, Merry Christmas, #FCBayernUS fans! We appreciate your support throughout 2015!

Use #FCBStatvent to check out our series!, null, null, Special season's greetings to #FCBayernUS fans from FCB legend Hasan Salihamidzic!, null, ♪ ♫ Jingle bells, jingle bells
Jingle all the way
Oh, what fun it is to ride
In a one-horse open sleigh ♪ ♫, What do you think of our FC Bayern Munich players and their Christmas tree decorating skills? ;), #FCBStatvent Day 23 - Arturo Vidal the penalty specialist has converted 32 of 36 penalties in his career for club & country!!, Our captain Philipp Lahm had a nice Christmas message for friend and former teammate Basti Schweinsteiger., #FCBXmas - Door 23: The FC Bayern Munich players get in the Christmas spirit and decorate their own tree. Looking good in those Santa hats!, Happy holidays Jérôme Boateng. Enjoy your deserved rest!!, Impeccable technical ability, lightning speed and a dangerous left boot! We take a look at some of the highlights from Douglas Costa's first month at FC Bayern Munich., Julian Green visited the Christmas market in Munich and told us his most memorable gift and the difference between Christmas in Germany and the US., FC Bayern Munich and Linkin Park team up to support Music for Relief - donate & enter for a chance to win the ultimate FC Bayern experience.

More here: fcbayrn.us/FCBMFR, Down to the very last detail! This is how 3D figures of Thomas Müller, Douglas Costa, Manuel Neuer & Co. are made., Here's Arturo Vidal putting his unique spin on the Bundesliga logo. Can you do better? If so, put it in the comments and share your talent with the rest of the FC Bayern Munich supporters!, Door 22 of #FCBXmas: Neuer's shirt, a photo with Thiago or a visit from the whole team. Just some of the things on the Christmas lists of FCB KidsClub kids!, Got any last-minute gifts for friends & family? We'll make sure to get it under your Christmas tree on time!, Fantastic technique and jaw-dropping skills in our Best of Thiago Alcantara!, Congratulations to FC Bayern München Fan Club Washington, D.C. on reaching 300 members - officially making them the largest fan club in the U.S.!, The FC Bayern Munich players are on a deserved holiday break but will report back to training on January 4th. Here's the rest of the winter break schedule., Day 21 of our #FCBStatvent can only be our captain, Philipp Lahm, who with 20 titles for club and country, is one of the most successful German players in history!, 'Caroling' #FCBXmas style with Rafinha Official and Berni! 🎶 🎄, December 21st - History repeats itself! FC Bayern Munich lifted the Club World Cup on this day in 1976 and 2013!, Top of the table heading into the winter break - the perfect early Christmas gift! 🎄 🎁, FC Bayern Munich youth coaches traveled across the U.S. to a number of clubs from official youth development partner Global Premier Soccer (GPS) this past week on their yearly technical visit. 
More on the trip: fcbayrn.us/FCBGPSVisit1215, A wonderful 2015 is drawing to a close. Thanks for taking the journey with us! #MiaSanMia, Thomas Müller scored his 14th Bundesliga goal yesterday, a new personal record for him!!! Proud of you, Thomas!, FC Bayern Munich have set another record - going 67 games unbeaten in which Thomas Müller has scored. 

Talk about a good luck charm ;) #Müllered, Rummenigge: 'Carlo Ancelotti is a successful manager and has won the UCL on three occasions. We're looking forward to working with him.', #FCBStatvent Day 20 is the foreign player with the most appearances for FC Bayern Munich (365 games) - Hasan Salihamidžić - Brazzo, the man who played in just about every position!, It was a hard-fought but well deserved win thanks to Thomas Müller's winner - here are some of the best photos from yesterday's win. 

Analysis: fcbayrn.us/H96FCBAnalysis, Guardiola not extending stay - Ancelotti named new FCB head coach.

More: fcbayrn.us/PressReleasePep, For FC Bayern Munich, 2015 ended with the 39th win of the calendar year. Here's what the players had to say., 46 points after 17 games is the second-best Hinrunde in Bundesliga history, surpassed only by last season. Bravo FC Bayern Munich!!!, A memorable year at the Allianz Arena came to a close this week, capped off by a laser show and the players thanking the fans!
THANK YOU for your incredible support in 2015!

Watch the full show here: https://youtu.be/5x1Fx2zqfE4, #FCBXmas Behind Door 19 is a player who couldn't stop scoring in 2015, set world records and was always up for a trick or two - Robert Lewandowski! ;), Day 19 of the #FCBStatvent is the youngest player in Bundesliga history to reach 100 wins - Mario Götze!, Today also marked Manuel Neuer's 300th Bundesliga match! Congrats, Manu!

Which was his most memorable appearance for you?, #MiaSanHerbstmeister, FINAL SCORE
Hannover 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich

That's all for 2015 folks - final game of the year won, heading into the break as Herbstmeister!
Match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportH96FCB, HALFTIME
Hannover 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich
Bayern end the first half with a 1-0 lead thanks to a goal by Thomas Müller!

What do you make of the game so far?, GOOOAAAALLL! Thomas Müller successfully converts the penalty to give Bayern the lead!

Hannover 96 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, We're underway! Final FC Bayern Munich game of 2015! PACK MA'S!

Twitter: www.twitter.com/fcbayern
Snapchat: FCBayernSnaps
Instagram: www.instagram.com/fcbayern, Here's our starting lineup for the last game of 2015!, MATCHDAY! Our 53rd and final game of 2015!
PACK MA'S!

Watch live on FS1 today at 9:30 am EST., FC Bayern Munich head into the final match of 2015 with a 30-year unbeaten record in the final game of the year and eight straight wins vs. Hannover., An early Christmas gift for Bayern fans as Alonso, Boateng, Martinez, and Müller extend their contracts, and Pep previews the last game of 2015 against Hannover., Don't miss the last game of 2015!
Hannover 96 - FC Bayern Munich

⚽ --> Tomorrow, 9:30 am EST
📺 --> FS1
❓--> fcbayrn.us/WatchH96FCB, In a galaxy far, far away..., 'Tough luck - you won't get rid of me that easily' 😜
Hear from the players themselves on their contract extensions! Click on 'Settings' for captions., #ContractExtensionSelfie 👌👌👌

Check out more on Snapchat! >>> FCBayernSnaps, #FCBStatvent Day 18 continues with Jürgen Klinsmann - one of only 3 people to coach and play for FC Bayern Munich since 1963!, #MiaSanMia!, #FCBXmas Day 18: Season's Greetings from our Brazilian speedster Douglas Costa - Feliz Natal!, Looks like Christmas came early at FC Bayern Munich! Thomas Müller, Jérôme Boateng, Javi Martínez (all through 2021)& Xabi Alonso (2017) have extended their contracts! #MiaSanMia, Only 20 years old, Joshua Kimmich has made quite a big impression in his first season with FC Bayern Munich., FC Bayern Munich face Hannover for the final game of the year - WATCH this Saturday at 9:30 am EST LIVE on FS1 or find a fan club near you: fcbayrn.us/WatchH96FCB, Looking for a Christmas gift? Get a 10% discount on your next order and sign up for a chance to win a special #FCBayernUS Prize Pack including a signed player jersey! 🎄 🎁, Congrats to David Alaba on being named Austria's Player of the Year for the fifth time in a row!

READ: fcbayrn.us/AlabaAPOTY15, Day 17 of our #FCBStatvent calendar continues with our No. 17 - Jérôme Boateng!

Jerome made it into the Guinness World Records for holding the longest unbeaten streak by an individual in the Bundesliga with 56 consecutive games., FC Bayern Munich invite refugee and orphaned children to an evening at the circus with Xabi Alonso, Joshua Kimmich, and Sebastian Rode lending their talents for the night.
More here: fcbayrn.us/CircusKrone, #FCBXmas door 17: The Allianz Arena is a fortress! Six #UCL home games in 2015, six wins! What was your highlight?, Jérôme Boateng makes history with his own Guinness World Records! Boateng holds the longest unbeaten streak in the Bundesliga with 56 games in a row! #recordchampions, Hey, hey! Special Philipp Lahm RB in-form item is now available in your EA SPORTS FIFA for the next week. Have at it! #FIFA16 🎮 ⚽, The quarterfinal draw for the DFB Cup has been made and FC Bayern Munich will face VfL Bochum!

The match will take place either February 9th or 10th., Day 16 of our #FCBStatvent is a player that joined the club at the young age of 16 and has had a remarkable career since - David Alaba! 🏆x12, Train like Thiago, Neuer & Co. Get your own FC Bayern Munich training gear in our Holiday Shop: fcbayrn.us/HolidayShop, #MiaSanMia - both on the pitch and in front of the camera. 😉 Behind door 16 of #FCBXmas we have some of the best group pics from 2015. What's your favorite?, null, Thomas Müller is used to hitting the back of the net, but how good is he at the crossbar challenge?, Our #FCBStatvent continues with our home, our fortress - the Allianz Arena!

2015 marked the 10-year anniversary of the stadium's completion, and plenty of memories have been made since: http://fcbayrn.us/10yAA

Share some of yours with us!, Danke für alles! Thanks for everything!

FC Bayern rounds off a great year with its Christmas laser show - thank you all for your incredible support!, FINAL SCORE
FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Darmstadt

Bayern are through to the DFB-Pokal quarterfinals after a hard-fought win!
Match report: fcbayrn.us/CupReportFCBD98, HALFTIME
FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Darmstadt

Tricky first half but Xabi Alonso's volley makes the difference at the break! 🔥🔥🔥, GOOOOOAAAAALLL! And what a goal by Xabi Alonso!!!

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Darmstadt, null, And we're underway at the Allianz Arena! PACK MA'S!
FC Bayern Munich - Darmstadt

Watch on Watch ESPN and ESPN Deportes, Our starting lineup for the DFB-Pokal Round of 16 game vs. Darmstadt!, Watch Bayern take on Darmstadt in the DFB-Pokal today at 2:30 pm EST LIVE on Watch ESPN and ESPN Deportes.

Where will you be tuning in from?, Home match, floodlights, laser show - We're certainly ready for the last game in the Allianz Arena this year, are you? Kickoff at 2:30pm EST on Watch ESPN and ESPN Deportes., Lahm, Müller & Co. react to the UEFA Champions League draw against Juventus., FC Bayern Munich host Darmstadt in the DFB Pokal Round of 16 - watch LIVE tomorrow at 2:30 pm EST on Watch ESPN and ESPN Deportes: fcbayrn.us/WatchCupFCBD98, Watch Manuel Neuer make three incredible saves in training! 😻 😱

Sign up for a chance to win an FC Bayern Munich prize pack including a signed player jersey: fcbayrn.us/FCBPrizePack, FC Bayern Munich players react to the UEFA Champions League draw against Juventus including former players Vidal & Coman., You voted on www.twitter.com/fcbayern for the Bayern game face of 2015 and we have two winners: Pep Guardiola and Thomas Müller! 
Do you remember these two moments? We sure do B|  #FCBGameface, Day 14 of our #FCBStatvent is our pass master, Xabi Alonso, who has averaged more passes per game than any other player in the Bundesliga (88.5) and the third-most in the Champions League (92.5)!, Our opponent for the Round of 16: Juventus Turin!

First leg in Turin on 2/23, second leg at the Allianz Arena on 3/16.
What are your thoughts on the draw? More info here: fcbayrn.us/RoundOf16Draw, Good morning, FC Bayern Munich fans! To start off your day - here's the #MiaSanHerbstmeister table!, null, You asked, he answered! We caught up with FC Bayern Munich legend Hasan Salihamidžić - Brazzo at an Audi Football event where he talked about his his favorite moments with the club, his favorite players on the current squad, and his prediction on whether Bayern will win the Champions League this year., FC Bayern Munich utilizes partner SAP's innovative HANA technology to enhance matchday experience at the Allianz Arena., Philipp Lahm: "The boss told me to score - ideally with my left foot." ;), Day 13 of our #FCBStatvent goes to the one and only Michael Ballack - the three-time German Footballer of the Year, also dubbed the "Little Kaiser" in reference to legend Franz Beckenbauer and his influence on the team., For the fifth year in a row, FC Bayern Munich will top the league at the winter break. Now let's make sure we're top in May! ;), More records set by FC Bayern Munich this weekend including a scoring total bettered only by one team in history., Philipp Lahm & Pep on Ingolstadt's "bold display" and more in our post-game reactions., FC Bayern Munich can add another record for the books, winning their 14th consecutive match at home - and scoring 51 goals along the way! 💪 👍, Today's opening goal marked Robert Lewandowski's 106th goal from 177 Bundesliga games - putting him in third place on the list of all-time leading foreign goalscorers - only Claudio Pizarro and Giovane Elber have scored more. Keep 'em comin', Lewy! #Lewangoalski, Day 12 of our #FCBStatvent calendar continues with our No. 12s - YOU, the fans!
Whether you're at the Allianz Arena, at home, at the pub, or online - THANK YOU for your amazing support! MIA SAN MIA!

Share your favorite Bayern moments with us in the comments below!, Here they are! The groups for UEFA EURO 2016! What did you make of the draw?, There have been plenty of special moments and reactions this year. Which was your #FCBGameface of 2015? Vote now at www.twitter.com/fcbayernus!, FC Bayern Munich can head into the winter break as 'Fall Champions' for a record 5th consecutive time! #MiaSanHerbstmeister, FINAL SCORE
FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 Ingolstadt

Bayern break through Ingolstadt's defense with goals from Robert Lewandowski and Philipp Lahm to head into the winter break as 'Herbstmeister' or 'Fall Champions'!
Match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBFCI, And the captain doubles the lead!!! Lovely goal from Philipp Lahm!

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 Ingolstadt, YEESSSSSS! LewanGOALski strikes again to give Bayern the lead! (65')

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Ingolstadt, HALFTIME
FC Bayern Munich 0 - 0 Ingolstadt

Tough first half - the best defenses in the Bundesliga indeed! What do you make of the game so far?, Final Bundesliga home game of the year - PACK MA'S!
FC Bayern Munich - Ingolstadt

Watch LIVE on FS1, Our starting lineup for the final Bundesliga home game of 2015!

Substitutes: Ulreich - Thiago, Alonso, Kirchhoff, Rode, Battle of the Bundesliga's best defences! Can Bayern break down the Ingolstadt wall in today's Bavarian derby?

FC Bayern Munich vs. Ingolstadt
Watch LIVE at 9:30 am EST on FS1, FC Bayern Munich head into the last Bundesliga match of 2015 @ the Allianz Arena with a record 8 wins and goal difference of 30-3!, Final home game of 2015! FC Bayern Munich vs. FC Ingolstadt 
📅 tomorrow at 9:30 am EST
📺 LIVE on FS1
ℹ️ fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBFCI

Where will you be tuning in from?, Manuel Neuer returns to goal for the final Bundesliga home match of 2015. Catch all the latest news and updates here., Thomas Müller: "It'll be tough!" What are your predictions for tomorrow's derby against Ingolstadt?, Day 11 of our #FCBStatvent calendar: Douglas Costa!

With 14 assists across all competitions so far this season, our No. 11 is always happy to lend a hand (or foot, in this case)!, Behind #FCBXmas door #11: Best of Pep 2015! Which was your favorite? 😉, Bad news - Franck Ribery and Medhi Benatia suffered injuries during Bayern's 2-0 Champions League win on Wednesday and will miss the next few games.

Like = get well soon!, null, FC Bayern Munich close out the final home match of 2015 against FC Ingolstadt this Saturday at 9:30 am EST.

Watch LIVE on FS1 or find a fan club near you: fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBFCI, Manuel Neuer shrinking, Robert Lewandowski in the cold, and Thomas Müller, well, doing his thing 😜

Watch this FCB Shorts get #müllered, FC Bayern Munich reflect on last night's victory and a successful Champions League group stage campaign., Day 10 of our #FCBStatvent calendar - none other than our No. 10, Arjen Robben!

Whether it's a Cup final or Champions League final, Robben's there to make the difference. Share some of your favorite Robben moments in the comments below!, 15 points, 19 goals scored and only 3 goals conceded - a UEFA Champions League group-stage record for Bayern!, Round of 16 here we come! Here are FC Bayern Munich's potential opponents: PSG - Paris Saint-Germain, PSV, Sport Lisboa e Benfica, Juventus, AS Roma, FC Dynamo Kyiv, and KAA Gent. 
Who do you want to see us drawn against? Read more: fcbayrn.us/Ro16Opponents, Today's win also marked Pep Guardiola's 50th win from 80 Champions League games - a new record! Well done, boss! 👌 👏, Today's Champions League win also marked Philipp Lahm's 300th competitive victory for Bayern - congrats, captain!, What a season Robert Lewandowski is having! He became the fastest foreign player to reach 100 Bundesliga goals and already has 22 goals in 23 games this season! 👋

Sign up for your chance to win an FC Bayern Munich prize pack and a signed player jersey: fcbayrn.us/FCBPrizePack, An impressive group stage finish for Bayern thanks to a brace from Robert Lewandowski! Round of 16 here we come!

Dinamo Zagreb 0 - 2 FC Bayern Munich

Match report: fcbayrn.us/ReportDINFCB, Robert Lewandowski with the brace! Two beautiful goals after a great assist by Sebastian Rode!

Dinamo Zagreb 0 - 2 FC Bayern Munich, YAASSSSS LewanGOALski  scores to give Bayern the lead!

Dinamo Zagreb 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, Goalless first half in Zagreb with plenty of good chances. What did you make of the first half?

Dinamo Zagreb 0 - 0 FC Bayern Munich, Another milestone for Robert Lewandowski today., 'The Chaaaaaaaampioooons!'

Listen live now on our webradio: www.fcb.tv/en/, Starting XI for our last UEFA Champions League of 2015.

American Julian Green makes his first-ever competitive start for FC Bayern Munich! Kickoff at 2:45pm EST!, The FC Bayern Munich fans have arrived in Zagreb in full voice! #MiaSanMia #DINFCB, Pep: "It's the Champions League, not a friendly!"
The final training session is over, only a few hours til kickoff!, A Croatian-Bavarian treat to mark our last UEFA Champions League game of 2015. What are your predictions for #DINFCB?, Only two teams in UEFA Champions League history have scored more goals after 5 matchdays than FC Bayern Munich this season., FC Bayern Munich face Dinamo Zagreb for the last UEFA Champions League game of the group stage.

Watch LIVE tomorrow at 2:45 pm EST on ESPN3 and Fox Soccer 2GO: fcbayrn.us/WatchDINFCB, In the latest installment of his U.S. column, Franz Beckenbauer discusses FC Bayern Munich's record form, the impact of the new signings, and importance of coach Pep Guardiola to the team.

Read here: fcbayrn.us/BeckenbauerColumn3, The team travels to Zagreb for tomorrow's UEFA Champions League game with some familiar faces in tow. Manuel Neuer is rested, Costa, Bernat and others work on their recovery, and more., Day 8 of our #FCBStatvent calendar:

Javi Martínez, the club's first-ever Spanish player, also became one of the most decorated by the age of 25 having won the World Cup, EUROs, Champions League, UEFA Super Cup, the Bundesliga and the DFB Cup! 👋, It's the last time to hear that anthem play, the last UEFA Champions League game of 2015! Less than 24 hours to go until kickoff! #packmas, Off to Zagreb! The team is on their way with Ribéry and Thiago on board while Neuer is rested: fcbayrn.us/TeamNewsDINFCB, The team in good spirits ahead of their trip to Zagreb. Good to see you again, Thiago Alcantara! 👋, Dinamo Zagreb – FC Bayern Munich
Kickoff: Wednesday, 2:45 pm EST, FC Bayern Munich travel to Croatia to face Dinamo Zagreb this Wednesday for the final game of the UEFA Champions League group stage.

Find out where to watch: fcbayrn.us/WatchDINFCB, 'Tis the season! 🎅🎄🎁 Find the perfect gift for the Bayern fan in your life.

Shop now: fcbayrn.us/HolidayShop, Day 7 of our #FCBStatvent calendar, the one and only Franck Ribery - one of the longest-serving and decorated players on the team and one that a certain Zinedine Zidane praised from a young age., The FC Bayern Munich players and their families enjoyed the annual Christmas party and look ahead to Champions League action vs. Dinamo Zagreb on Wedneday, "Won't knock us down."

Despite the loss, FC Bayern Munich remains atop the Bundesliga, and Franck Ribéry made his return. Have a good start to the week!, Lewy, dropkick, net! Next time let's make things exciting and try it blindfolded!
 
Check out his Olimpico from earlier this week: fcbayrn.us/LewyOlimpico, The players and their families certainly enjoyed themselves at the FC Bayern Munich Christmas Party. 🎅 🎄 🎁, Day 6 of our #FCBStatvent calendar:

Out No. 6 Thiago Alcantara comes from a successful sporting family with father Mazinho winning the World Cup with Brazil in 1994, his mother a former volleyball player, brother Rafinha playing for FC Barcelona and cousin Rodrigo playing for Valencia CF!, Ribery makes his comeback after 269 days! He made his 300th appearance for Bayern and scored his 105th goal! 

Lahm on Ribéry's comeback: "It's really nice after such a long time out - his first game back was very, very good. We're all really happy he's back with us!", null, Pep and the players reflect on the loss in Gladbach., Tough result, but no matter whether you were at the game, at home, online or elsewhere - THANK YOU for your incredible support.

MIA SAN MIA, Miss out on Cyber Monday? Our deals have been extended until tomorrow.

Shop now: fcbayrn.us/ShopCyberWeek, Day 5 of our #FCBStatvent calendar:

No. 5 Medhi Benatia - the Moroccan national team captain is the first North African in history to play for FC Bayern Munich., The good news: Franck Ribéry is back! 👏 💪, FINAL SCORE
Borussia Mönchengladbach 3 - 1 FC Bayern Munich

You can't win 'em all. Ribery pulls one back late upon his return as Reds fall to an undefeated Gladbach side: fcbayrn.us/ReportBMGFCB, Ribéry scores in his comeback to pull one back for Bayern
Keep at it guys!

Borussia Mönchengladbach 3 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, Borussia M'gladbach 0 - 0 FC Bayern Munich

An intense first half - what did you make of it?, KICKOFF!
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERN!

Watch LIVE on FS1 #packmas, Ribéry back in the squad! Our starting lineup for today's top clash vs. Gladbach. 

Photos: www.instagram.com/fcbayern
Twitter: www.twitter.com/fcbayern
Snapchat: FCBayernSnaps, Blockbuster matchday as the top 4 go head-to-head. First up, Gladbach host the league leaders!
Borussia Mönchengladbach vs. FC Bayern Munich

Watch LIVE on FS1 at 9:30 am EST, A win for Bayern this weekend could wrap up the so-called 'fall championship', topping the table over Christmas for a record fifth time in a row. More in our fact file., Table fourth vs. table leaders - Borussia Mönchengladbach vs. FC Bayern Munich
Watch LIVE tomorrow at 9:30 am EST on FS1 or find a fan club near you: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchBMGFCB

Where will you be tuning in from?, Day 4 of our #FCBStatvent calendar:

No. 4 Hans-Georg "Katsche" Schwarzenbeck may have scored the most dramatic goal in club history with a last-minute equalizer against Atletico Madrid in the 1974 European Cup final. Bayern went on to win the first of three consecutive European trophies., #FCBayern head to Gladbach for a tough away game tomorrow with Franck Ribery on board!, Franck is back and will travel with the squad to Gladbach!!!, Say 'cheeeeese'! 😁 😜, Click 'Try it' to personalize your profile picture - Bayern style  B|

Post your new profile pictures in the comments below!, David Alaba,  Douglas Costa, and Arjen Robben will miss tomorrow's encounter with Borussia Mönchengladbach.
Get well soon, guys!

More: fcbayrn.us/RobbenCostaAlaba, Grins, smiles, laughs and more - Thomas Müller was definitely in his element in 2015! 😝  #FCBXmas, The Bayern players are ready for their high-profile encounter with Gladbach who have the second-longest winning streak in the league - will it end on Saturday?, Watch Borussia Mönchengladbach vs. #FCBayern LIVE on FS1 this Saturday at 9:30 am EST or find a fan club near you: fcbayrn.us/WatchBMGFCB, Is there anything Robert Lewandowski can't do?, That Bayern jersey suits you, Jimmy Fallon!

Thanks Brett Favre and Sqor Sports for personally delivering it!  ⚽️, Day 3 of our #FCBStatvent calendar continues with:

Bixente Lizarazu - our No. 3 who after retiring took up jiu-jitsu and went on to become the 2009 European champion!, Well there's a familiar face! 👍 👌, Best of Thiago! #FCBXmas, Our captain Philipp Lahm will be penning a column on Goal.com where he will share his experiences and insights into the soccer world from a player's perspective., Continuing our #FCBStatvent calendar with a club legend! 

Willy Sagnol won 13 titles with FC Bayern Munich, making him one of the most successful French players in history., 20,000 followers and counting on our #FCBayernUS Twitter account! THANK YOU! 👏
Join the conversation --> twitter.com/FCBayernUS, "I'm back with my team. It's a good feeling and it's fun!" Ribery on his first team training in 8 months. Click "CC" for English subtitles., "It's a great day for me, very emotional." Franck Ribéry took part in training with the team today for the first time in eight months. 

Welcome back, Franck!, We've welcomed several new arrivals to the FC Bayern family this year! :)

We look forward to seeing your best Christmas pictures! Post them with the hashtag #FCBXmas or send them to socialmedia@fcb.de., Robert Lewandowski loves showing off his skills at training as well as on the pitch. Check out these tekkers!

Check out more skill videos here:  http://fcb.de/MOTW, Somebody hand David Alaba a mic 😜 🎤 🎶 - with Rae Sremmurd, Become a part of the #FCBayernUS family and join a fan club. Check to find one near you or simply start your own: fcbayrn.us/USFanClubs, Miss out on Cyber Monday? No problem! Our deals have been extended all week (through Dec 6): fcbayrn.us/ShopCyberWeek, Vote now!, 'Tis the season, and we're in the mood for some stats!

We're kicking off day 1 of our #FCBStatvent calendar with our number 1 - Manuel Neuer., 2,300 Bundesliga goals scored at home! Which one was the most memorable for you?, Find out more about wing wizard Douglas Costa in our exclusive profile. For English subtitles click "CC" ;)

Watch more here: http://fcb.de/PortraitDouglasCosta, It was a busy weekend for the Bayern players between their 2-0 win over Hertha Berlin, their annual fan club visits, and Robert Lewandowski earning his place in the Guinness World Records - four times., Congratulations Robert Lewandowski on setting 4 Guinness World Records!
🏆 Quickest hattrick
🏆 Quickest 4-goal haul
🏆 Quickest 5-goal haul
🏆 Most goals by a substitute, Cyber Monday FCB Special! Save 15% throughout our entire online store using the code below! fcbayrn.us/CyberMondayFCB, Pep Guardiola is up for FIFA Coach of the Year alongside Luis Enrique (FC Barcelona) & Jorge Sampaoli (Chile).

Congrats, coach! #BallondOr, Good morning, FC Bayern Munich fans! What better way to start the week than with a quick look at the Bundesliga table?, Thomas Müller keeps breaking records!
(y)  Personal Bundesliga scoring record equalled
(y)  Goals in 5 consecutive games
(y)  Scored Bayern's 2,300th Bundesliga goal at home
(y)  10th on list of Bayern's all-time Bundesliga top scorers
More: fcbayrn.us/MullerRecords, Ever wanted to ask Hasan Salihamidzic a.k.a Brazzo a question? Now's your chance! Ask in the comments below using #AskBrazzo and your question could get selected!, Make this Holiday Season FC Bayern Munich themed, check out our Christmas Gift Center!, FC Bayern Munich's record-breaking season is a result of great team work that showed during the Hertha game yesterday., Our great captain always puts things in perspective. Keep going boys! 💪

Philipp Lahm remains focused, "We can't rest on our laurels. We must always remain focused.", Pep on today's win: "A huge compliment to my team for this performance... We've done very well so far. I know how hard it is to be up for it every three days.", With 40 points from 14 matches, Bayern have set a new Bundesliga record.

MIA SAN MIA!, Kingsley Coman's goal today was his first Bundesliga goal at the Allianz Arena - here's to many more!, Thomas Müller equaled his personal best of 13 Bundesliga goals in a season today - the 14th matchday.
Keep 'em coming, Thomas!, Javi Martínez certainly impressed with his performance today.

Pep sang the Spaniard's praises: "He was very, very good. We missed him a lot. Now he's back. His mentality is great.", FINAL SCORE 
FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 Hertha Berlin

11 points clear at the top, still undefeated 💪
Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBBSC, HALFTIME

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 Hertha Berlin
Not a bad first half 😉, GOOOOOAAAAAAL!!!!

Kingsley Coman makes it 2-0 after a dream pass from Javi Martinez! 

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 Hertha Berlin, GOOOOOAAAAAL Thomas Müller heads it in!!! #müllered

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Hertha Berlin, We're underway at the Allianz Arena - PACK MA'S!

FC Bayern Munich - Hertha Berlin
Watch LIVE on  FS1, Here's our starting lineup vs. Hertha Berlin!

Kickoff: 9:30 am EST, null, MATCHDAY!
FC Bayern Munich - Hertha Berlin, 9:30 am EST

Where to watch: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBBSC, The stats favor FC Bayern Munich in their encounter with Hertha Berlin but tomorrow the Bavarians will also be chasing a league record., FC Bayern Munich face Hertha Berlin tomorrow at 9:30 am EST - watch live on FS1 or find a fan club to watch with: fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBBSC

Where will you be tuning in from?, FC Bayern deputy chairman and finance director Jan-Christian Dreesen assured fans and members that their club is at a “top level” during this year's Annual General Meeting, disclosing a number of record figures., Don't miss out on some major Black Friday deals in our online store! 🎁

Shop now: fcbayrn.us/BlackFridayFCB, Updates on Thiago Alcantara, David Alaba and others while Jérôme Boateng previews tomorrow's game vs. Hertha Berlin and facing his old club., The players bundle up for a chilly final training session ahead of tomorrow's clash vs. Hertha Berlin.

Douglas Costa did not take part and will miss tomorrow's game: fcbayrn.us/CostaFCBBSC, Will the real Lewandowski please stand up?

Looks like Robert Lewandowski cloned himself for tomorrow's game... oh dear 😱🙈, 11 FC Bayern Munich players have made the shortlist for the FIFA FIFPro World XI of 2015, putting up more candidates than Champions League winners Barcelona (10) - only Real Madrid surpass Bayern with 12 on the list. Congrats, guys!, null, Watch Bayern take on Hertha Berlin this Saturday on FS1 or find a fan club to watch with: fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBBSC, We're thankful for having the best fans in the world! Thanks for all the support #FCBayernUS & Canada fans!, It's a couple of days away but you can check out our Black Friday deals now!

----> fcbayrn.us/BlackFridayFCB, null, Another day, another record! Eight FC Bayern Munich stars have been selected among the world's 50 best players by Goal.com - the most from any one team! Congratulations lads!

More info: fcbayrn.us/FCBGoal50, Pit stop with Franck Ribéry & Philipp Lahm and a test drive in the Allianz Arena! An exciting new partnership between FC Bayern Munich and Goodyear was announced at an spectacular event last night!, David Alaba is making further progress in his recovery. Yesterday he was running and today he's training with the ball again. 💪, Happy Thanksgiving to the #FCBayernUS family - prost!, MIA SAN MIA, FC Bayern Munich announced US company Goodyear as the new platinum partner and Lahm & Ribery talk about the team's success in the Champions League., FC Bayern Munich announces a new platinum partnership with Goodyear.

More on the partnership: http://fcbayrn.us/FCBGoodyear, Douglas Costa: "What's happening with us, with me, these days is amazing!"

More from Costa on last night's UEFA Champions League victory: fcb.tv/en/, Fortress Allianz Arena!

Home, sweet home, The 'Midfield Maestro' turns 34 today - Happy birthday, Xabi Alonso! 🎉🎂, Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBOLY
Reactions: http://fcbayrn.us/ReactionsFCBOLY, Gooooood morning Bayern fans! Things are lookin' pretty good up top from our perspective 😉, Pep, Lahm, Müller & Boateng weigh in on another impressive UEFA Champions League performance., Bayern have now equaled their Champions League home win record of nine consecutive games from 2011/12. Keep 'em coming, boys! 💪, Lewandowski, Vidal, Boateng, Neuer, Alaba & Müller have all been nominated for the "UEFA Team of the Year". Vote for them now: en.toty.uefa.com, Group win: ✔
Round of 16: [ ]
Quarterfinals: [ ]
Semi-finals: [ ]
Final: [ ], Champions League history!
With today's win, Thomas Müller becomes the youngest player in the tournament's history to reach 50 wins, beating out Messi and Ronaldo.

Congrats, Thomas! Take a bow! 👏 #müllered, OH HEY ROUND OF 16! 🎉🎉

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBOLY, Man down? No problem! 
Kingsley Coman makes it 4-0! (and ouch, hope you feel better!)

FC Bayern Munich 4 - 0 Olympiacos FC, HALFTIME
FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 Olympiacos FC

Not a bad first half (at least we thought so)! What did you think?, GOALS ON GOALS ON GOALS!
First Lewandowski in the 16th, then Müller a few minutes later!

FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 Olympiacos FC, GOOOOAAAAAAAL!! Douglas Costa!!!

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Olympiacos FC, KICKOFF - PACK MA'S!
FC Bayern Munich - Olympiacos FC

Watch LIVE in the U.S.: fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBOLY, Holger Badstuber makes his return to Champions League action!

If you're not near a TV or computer, listen to the game live on our web radio broadcast: http://www.fcb.tv/en/

Our starting lineup for #FCBOLY:, FC Bayern Munich can equal a club record of 9 consecutive home wins in the UEFA Champions League today.

Kickoff: 2:45 pm EST. Here's where to watch on TV: fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBOLY, Smooth snake tactics, Thomas Müller 👌🐍, UEFA Champions League: FC Bayern Munich vs. Olympiacos FC, 2:45 pm EST at the Allianz Arena. 

What are your predictions?, FC Bayern Munich can equal an incredible club record with a win tomorrow. Read more in our fact file., The best goal he ever scored, his player role model and what it means to play for FC Bayern Munich. Julian Green answers your questions. #AskJulian, Hey Thomas Müller, you can become the youngest player in UEFA Champions League history to win 50 games if FC Bayern Munich win tomorrow

That's quicker than the likes of Raul, Cristiano Ronaldo & Messi. Not bad eh? 😉, FC Bayern Munich are one game short of equaling the 2012 record of 9 consecutive home wins in the UEFA Champions League. Manuel Neuer and Holger Badstuber on the big game tomorrow., Thomas Müller led the tactical discussions in training today. 😜

The UEFA Champions League match against Olympiacos FC takes place at the Allianz Arena tomorrow at 2:45pm EST!, Mission: Round of 16

Pep: "Tomorrow is like a final for us. We are fighting to win the group." #Packmas, "Servuuus!"

Lahm, Lewy, Ulreich & the guys say hi on their way to final training 👋, Beginning the day with an eight-point lead at the top - not bad 👌
Have a good start to the week! ✌️, MIA SAN FAMILY

Great turnout and support from #FCBayernUS and Canada fans for the Schalke game. Thank you!

Check out our fan club directory: fcbayrn.us/WheretoWatch, He can't stop scoring on the field and his control and touches are world class off it., Caption this!, David Alaba injured his ankle yesterday and is a doubt for the midweek Champions League game against Olympiacos FC., Mario Götze wowed the crowds at the FC Bayern Museum at the Allianz Arena on Sunday and gave an update on his recovery: 

"The healing process is going very, very well. Everything's going according to plan. I hope I'll be fully fit in time for mid-season training.", Thomas Müller: "You have to work hard for every single victory in the Bundesliga so we have to give 100 percent in every match."

More reactions from the win here: fcbayrn.us/ReactionsS04FCB, Today's game marked the 300th consecutive time a Bundesliga encounter featuring FC Bayern has sold out.

Whether at the stadium, at home, or online - thank you all for your support!, Pep's main take on today's game: "It was difficult to win here, but we succeeded."

Read more reactions to Bayern's away win here., Javi Martínez scored his first goal in 917 days for Bayern today - way to go, Javi! 👍 💪, Thomas Müller's goal today was his 83rd for Bayern in the Bundesliga, putting him in 10th place in club history to achieve that alongside legend Paul Breitner 👏, FINAL SCORE 
FC Schalke 04 1-3 FC Bayern Munich

Thomas Müller with a great finish right at the end to wrap up the win! 💪
Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/ReportS04FCB, TOOOOOOR for FC Bayern Munich!!!

Javi Martinez heads it in to give Bayern the lead!

FC Schalke 04 1 - 2 FC Bayern Munich, HALFTIME

FC Schalke 04 1 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, GOOOAAAALLLL!!! Alaba's long-range shot takes a deflection but finds the net (9')!

FC Schalke 04 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, KICKOFF - PACK MA'S!
FC Schalke 04 - FC Bayern Munich

Watch LIVE on Fox Soccer Plus and Fox Soccer 2GO: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchS04FCB, Less than an hour to go! Here's our starting lineup against Schalke:, How does Xabi Alonso get ready for today's game vs. Schalke? Well, like this..., Top match as the Reds head north to face the Royal Blues today at 12:30 pm EST - what are your predictions?

Watch LIVE on Fox Soccer Plus and Fox Soccer 2GO: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchS04FCB, 25 goals from the last 7 wins - Bayern vs. Schalke by the numbers, Robert Lewandowski scored his first Bundesliga goal against Schalke. 5 years and 105 goals later he is one of the top foreign scorers in league history!, Watch FC Bayern Munich take on FC Schalke 04 tomorrow at 12:30 pm EST on Fox Soccer Plus or find a fan club to watch with: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchS04FCB, Pep Guardiola talks about Franck Ribery's progress & Saturday's clash against Schalke, Thomas Müller discusses Bayern returning to their record form from before the break., Bayern face a Schalke side eager for a win tomorrow - the preview., Rain or shine, these guys are out on the pitch doing what they do best 💦☔️⚽️, Not too shabby 👌, Join official #FCBayernUS fan club Mia San Francisco this Saturday at Danny Coyle's on 668 Haight Street together with Paulaner for a viewing party for the game against Schalke at 9:45am PST - Paulaner drink specials and giveaways included!, #TBT Bayern has won three of the last four encounters away at Schalke. Will they add to that on Saturday and keep their unbeaten streak going?, SWAG ALERT! 🚨

Post your predictions for the Schalke vs Bayern game this weekend and you can enter to win some #FCBayernUS gear including a signed Arjen Robben kit!, Bayern in Anaheim! (...who needs Disneyland anyway)
In the latest installment of our fan club profile series, we hear from #FCBayernUS official fan club FCB Anaheim: http://fcbayrn.us/FanClubProfileAnaheim, Pack ma's!
Lewy & the boys prepare ahead of #S04FCB 💪, 30 Bundesliga goals in one picture, FC Bayern Munich release statement regarding current safety and security measures at the Allianz Arena: http://fcb.de/PressRelease1911, It's the final countdown! (...but actually though) 😁
Shop the U.S. store for special deals leading up to Black Friday!

🎁 📦 ----> http://fcbayrn.us/BlackFridayFCB, Perfect cross from Robert Lewandowski and an (almost) perfect finish from Joshua Kimmich 😜

Check out more here: fcb.de/FCBShorts8, Check out all the latest Bayern & Bundesliga matches scheduled on FOX Sports here., That feel for the ball, that technique! 😱
Get well soon, Thiago! We can't wait to see you work your magic back on the pitch again! 👍 💪, Douglas Costa and David Alaba score for their national teams & more: http://fcbayrn.us/RoundupNov2015, Thiago Alcantara is expected to miss 3-4 weeks after picking up a knee injury: http://fcbayrn.us/ThiagoKnee

Get well soon, Thiago!, Matchday! #Alaba, #Müller, #Coman & Co. are all in action today with their national sides. Good luck and stay fit!, null, With 68 caps and 31 goals, Thomas Müller will be the most experienced player for Germany tomorrow against the Netherlands., Xabi Alonso talks to us about FC Bayern's hopes for the UEFA Champions League and the tactical evolution of the team under Pep., American Gina Lewandowski scored again as FC Bayern Frauenfußball extend their unbeaten streak in the Bundesliga to 31 games!, Welcome back to Säbener Straße, Robert Lewandowski and Manuel Neuer! The two rejoined their Bayern teammates today after being on international duty., null, Neuer, Boateng & Robben will all be rested this coming week and won't feature in their nations' squads., Müller's basketball skills, Schweinsteiger's visit and Lahm's surprise birthday on our latest FCB Shorts., Customize your FC Bayern jersey with your favorite player's name & number for just $5! Limited time offer: fcbayrn.us/CustomizeFCB, Robben, Lewandowski & Costa all impressed during their international outings., The FC Bayern Frauenfußball held a minute's silence prior to their game today. #PrayForParis, <3, Our thoughts are with the victims of last night's attacks in Paris and their families. #PrayForParis, Nifty trick from FC Bayern Frauenfußball's Melanie Leupolz! Now we want to see you put your skills to the test! Send us your clips to facebook@fcb.de.

FYI the FC Bayern women take on SC Sand this Sunday at 2 pm CET (8 am EST), available to stream live on DFB TV 👊, 6 Bayern players in the starting lineups with their national teams:

Neuer, Boateng & Müller with Germany vs. France
Lewandowski with Poland vs. Iceland
Robben with the Netherlands vs. Wales
Thiago with Spain vs. England

Good luck, and stay healthy!, #FBF to DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) and France's last encounter at the quarterfinals of last year's World Cup, which saw Germany through with a 0-1 victory to the next rounds (we know the ending to this story 😜)

Predictions for today's game?, Vidal and Chile earn a point in their World Cup qualifier, Benatia sees game time and a win with Morocco while Costa & Brazil's qualifier vs. Argentina gets rained out., Coman vs. Neuer, Müller & Boateng! 

Predictions for today's high-profile match?, Thomas Müller & Germany aim to entertain in high-profile friendly against France tomorrow, "We’re the entertainers in football and we’re there to make people happy.”

More from Thomas here: fcbayrn.us/Germanyfriendly, Our French wing wizard is set to make his France debut against Germany tomorrow., Franck Ribéry is hoping to be training with the team "very soon." - Watch the full interview with our no. 7, as he continues to work hard towards his comeback!, While many players are away training with their national teams, Pep, Holger Badstuber, Rafinha Official and Philipp Lahm were hard at work on a beautiful sunny day in Munich! ☀ ⚽, Ribery selfie because why not 📷, There were some familiar faces at Säbener Straße yesterday ;), 12 Bayern players on international duty: http://fcbayrn.us/IntlDutyNov15

Good luck, and stay fit & healthy!, The German national team were guests at Säbener Strasse today preparing for Friday's friendly against France., Get to know FC Bayern Munich and U.S. Soccer's Julian Green! Send us any questions you have for him using #AskJulian., Special guests today at Säbener Straße as FC Bayern Munich welcomed the DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) and trained alongside the World Champions! (And some familiar faces returned too 😉), Happy birthday to youuuuu Philipp Lahm from both former DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) and current FC Bayern Munich teammates 🎂🎂🎂, Youngster Gianluca #Gaudino also celebrates his birthday today as he turns 19. All the best! #FCBayern, Our captain turns 32 years old today. Happy Birthday, Philipp Lahm!, Never too early to get those 🎄 🎁! Save up to $15 on FC Bayern Munich shirts ---> fcbayrn.us/BlackFridayFCB, Three World Cup winners in one photo - Thomas Müller, Bastian Schweinsteiger & Manuel Neuer are preparing for Germany's friendly vs France in Munich.  (y), Coaches from official youth development partner Global Premier Soccer (GPS) visited Munich to see the FC Bayern Munich Youth Academy firsthand, learn more about the youth development curriculum, and met some familiar faces as well.

Learn more about the partnership & trip: http://fcbayrn.us/GPSMunichVisit, Club jerseys --> International jerseys, Müller + Lewandowski = ⚽ ✔️
- 36 combined goals for Bayern this season
- 22 combined goals in EURO 2016 qualifying, Captain Philipp Lahm scored a rare goal in the 6-1 win against the Paulaner Dream Team! Here are the highlights of our annual match against select fans from around the world including #FCBayernUS fans Justin & Daniel., Catch him if you can! 💨 

Douglas Costa with 4 goals and 14 assists in 18 games for FC Bayern Munich this season!, #FCBayernUS youth partner GPS made their annual coaching visit to Munich as part of the partnership to learn from the renowned FC Bayern youth academy and development philosophy. 

Read more about the trip and partnership here: fcbayrn.us/GPSMunichVisit, Home is where the ❤ is. Our record in the last 5 games at the Allianz Arena., Celebrate our Player of the Month for October, Robert Lewandowski, by getting your own Lewy jersey! 

10% on merch in our store ---> fcbayrn.us/FCBOnlineStore, The final score was 6-1 to Bayern, but on the night, everyone was a winner including #FCBayernUS fans Justin & Daniel. #MiaSanMia #PaulanerCup

Relive the once-in-a-lifetime experience on our social diary: fcbayrn.us/PaulanerCupDiary, The #PaulanerCup is underway! Good luck to #FCBayernUS fans Justin & Daniel! LIVE stream here: fcb.tv/de/live/live.php

FCB Starting XI: Neuer - Rafinha, Alonso, Kirchhoff, Gaudino, Lahm (C), Müller, Badstuber, Kimmich, Weihrauch, Benko, 4 goals, 4 body parts!
Robben: Stomach
Costa: Left foot
Lewy: Right foot
Müller: Head, 👌100% home record
👌 Unbeaten in the BL
👌 The Paulaner Cup is today

Plenty of reasons for a good start to the week! 😉, Congratulations to Thomas Müller, who got his 150th #Bundesliga win out of 209 games yesterday!

No other player has achieved this in so few matches!, null, Follow the journeys of #FCBayernUS fans Justin & Daniel as they prepare to take on their heroes FC Bayern Munich in the #PaulanerCup which will be broadcast LIVE for FREE on FCB.tv tomorrow at 12:00pm EST!, FC Bayern Munich continued the best start in Bundesliga history.

The 23 shots in the first half vs Stuttgart is the most since data started being collected in 1992! Wow! 👌, Quick passing, one-touch control and boom! The FC Bayern Munich players looked good working on their finishing in training. ;), Record player, world class striker - and your Player of the Month for October! Congrats, Robert Lewandowski! 👏:).

Want your own Lewy jersey? We're offering 10% off this the week: fcbayrn.us/FCBOnlineStore, Neuer, Boateng & Müller  make Germany's squad for the matches against France and the Netherlands., MIA SAN MIA, It's great to see that smiling face again, Holger Badstuber!

Comeback after 200 days out - "It was an unbelievable reception": fcbayrn.us/BadstuberBack, null, Day 6 - Justin makes his way to Regensburg ahead of the #PaulanerCup and meets up with an old friend who first introduced him to FC Bayern Munich., Hear ye, hear ye - $5 flat rate ground shipping on all orders throughout November! 

⚽️ 📦 ----> fcbayrn.us/NovemberShipping, Congrats to Linkin Park Underground members Niklas and Sven on winning a chance to go to today's game & meeting Jérôme Boateng! Hope you had fun!, When Gina Lewandowski met Robert Lewandowski...

Good luck, or 'powodzenia', to Gina and the FC Bayern Frauenfußball in their big Cup match tomorrow vs Frankfurt!, On Snapchat? Follow us at 'fcbayernsnaps' to re-live today's game & never miss a beat👌 ⚽️, It's been far too long - 200 days to be exact - but he finally made his return today.

Welcome back, Holger Badstuber!!! Great to see you back on the pitch again! 👏💪👌, MIA SAN MIA!, FINAL SCORE
FC Bayern Munich 4 - 0 VfB Stuttgart

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBVFB, HALFTIME
FC Bayern Munich 4 - 0 VfB Stuttgart

What an incredible first half! More hopefully to come!, We can barely keep up - GOOOOAAAALLL!!! #Müllered!!!

FC Bayern Munich 4 - 0 VfB Stuttgart, GOOOOOAAAAL!!! LewanGOALski strikes again!! (who else?!)

FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 VfB Stuttgart, GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!! Müller comes in from the right and Costa fires low!

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 VfB Stuttgart, GOOOOOAAAALL!!! Costa lightning-fast with the cross, Robben takes it off the chest & nets it in! (11')

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 VfB Stuttgart, And we're off at the Allianz Arena!
FC Bayern Munich -  VfB Stuttgart

PACK MA'S!
Watch live on FS1: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBVFB, Locker room ✔, players arrived ✔, lineup ✔
Everything's set for the Southern derby against Stuttgart!

Neuer (C) - Lewandowski, Robben, Costa, Rafinha, Boateng, Vidal, Müller, Alaba, Coman, Kimmich, PACK MA'S!!! 

FC Bayern Munich vs VfB Stuttgart at 9:30am EST on FS1, 13 competitive encounters with Stuttgart won, 37 goals scored  - the South German derby fact file:, Day 5 - Justin gets a special tour of the Erlebniswelt and gets ready to head to Regensburg for the #PaulanerCup!

Check out more here: http://fcbayrn.us/PaulanerCupDiary, FC Bayern Munich vs VfB Stuttgart on FS1 

Here's where to watch: fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBVFB, Two Lewandowskis walk into a studio...

U.S. international and FC Bayern Frauenfußball defender Gina Lewandowski learns some Polish from Robert Lewandowski and the two talk about their upcoming games this weekend - powodzenia!, Here are the scorelines from FC Bayern Munich's last five games at the Allianz Arena. Not bad, eh? ;)

How many goals will they score tomorrow? Our preview here: fcbayrn.us/PreviewFCBVFB, Thousands show up to watch Ribery train again, Coman talks about his upcoming France debut and Pep and Philipp Lahm preview #FCBVFB, Tekkers ⚽️ 👌 What are your predictions for tomorrow's game against Stuttgart?, Only 7 Fridays left until Christmas (which really isn't that far away if you think about it) - happy shopping! 🎁 http://fcbayrn.us/HolidayShop, There's still work ahead for FC Bayern Munich but yesterday's victory marked a huge step forward., Just a few days before the big #PaulanerCup final against FC Bayern Munich, Justin scoped out the 'competition' in person & caught yesterday's 5-1 Champions League win at the Allianz Arena.

Check out the rest of Justin & Daniel's journey: http://fcbayrn.us/PaulanerCupDiary, We can't make you watch this, but you really should. Costa, Thiago, Lewy, we can watch you all day, Meet Daniel! Daniel's #PaulanerCup journey begins as he starts training and packing his bags! He and Justin will play against the FC Bayern Munich first team on Monday.

Read more here: http://fcbayrn.us/PaulanerCupDiary, David Alaba, Javi Martínez & a number of others in post-match regeneration while Arturo Vidal took some time out to meet with the FCB Kids Club!, All smiles in training today! (and with good reason, too 😉), A big step towards the knockout stage! A look at the group after yesterday's win 💪, Day 3 of Justin's diary - sightseeing in Munich, training for the Paulaner Cup, and more!

Check out more from the trip here: http://fcbayrn.us/PaulanerCupDiary, Thomas Müller scored his 31st and 32nd goals in European competitions against Arsenal, surpassing Karl-Heinz Rummenigge. Only Gerd Müller has scored more for Bayern. Bravo! 👋 #Müllered, High 5! 😉, HOME WIN! 💪
FC Bayern Munich 5 - 1 Arsenal

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBARS, Müllered² !!!

FC Bayern Munich 5 - 1 Arsenal, On not even a minute and he scores! ROBBEN!!!

FC Bayern Munich 4 - 0 Arsenal, HALFTIME
FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 Arsenal

What a first half! What did you make of it?, GOOOOLAAAAZOOOOOO!!! #ALABOOM

FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 Arsenal, Müllered!!!! His 7th goal in the Champions League vs English teams!

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 Arsenal, YAAAASSSS! LEWANGOALSKI nets it in!

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Arsenal, PACK MA'S! 

Follow on:
Snapchat: FCBayernSnaps
Twitter: https://twitter.com/FCBayernEN, Here is our Starting XI against Arsenal! #FCBARS 

On the bench we welcome back to the squad Holger Badstuber!! Joining him are: Ulreich, Benatia, Robben, Rafinha, Vidal and Kimmich., Arsenal midfielder and Germany international Mesut Özil talks about the tasks ahead in facing FC Bayern Munich tonight in the UEFA Champions League., The anticipation is rising! The FC Bayern players warming up at Säbener Straße ahead of tonight's Champions League match against Arsenal in, It's matchday! 

Thiago: "Tonight is our chance to collect the points we left lying in London!"

Watch in the U.S. & Canada: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBARS, Day 2 in Munich for Justin as the #PaulanerCup final draws near!

See what his first impressions were and more here:, Watch FC Bayern Munich take on Arsenal in the UEFA Champions League tomorrow live on FS1 and ESPN Deportes: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBARS, FC Bayern legend Gerd Müller celebrates his 70th birthday, Thiago Alcantara and Javi Martínez preview tomorrow's encounter against Arsenal., Commitment, passion, and good spirits today in the final training session ahead of #FCBARS - let's hope for the same tomorrow at the Allianz Arena!, Less than 24 hours to go! Pep & co. can take a significant step towards the UEFA Champions League round of 16 tomorrow - #packmas!, There's only one Gerd Müller! #Legend, "Der Bomber" turns 70 years old today. Happy Birthday, Gerd Müller! One of the greatest strikers in the history of the game!, All focus turns to Arsenal and the UEFA Champions League., The #PaulanerCup is right around the corner and for the first time ever, two #FCBayernUS fans have made the finals! Justin Gardiner from the Official Fan Club of Texas will be keeping a video diary of his trip.

More info on the once-in-a-lifetime event and the two fans' journey: fcbayrn.us/PaulanerCupUS, Captain Philipp Lahm is fired up for the UEFA Champions League match against Arsenal., "The most important thing is that we control the game and score the first goal." 😘 ⚽, #NeuerTheWall - Manu & co. preparing ahead of Wednesday's UEFA Champions League clash against Arsenal., Leading the way in the Bundesliga as we go into this week's UEFA Champions League fixture - not a bad way to start the week!, American international Gina Lewandowski scores the game-winner in FC Bayern Frauenfußball's top clash against Frankfurt., An update on FC Bayern Munich Champions League opponents., One download can change the lives of many. FC Bayern Munich supports SAP in the #One4 project. Download Imagine Dragons' “I Was Me” on iTunes and be a part of the change: iTunes.com/IWasMe
 
Learn more about the #One4 Project: https://sapsponsorships.com/one4, It's set! FC Bayern Munich will face Darmstadt in the DFB Cup round of 16 at the Allianz Arena. What do you make of the draw?, You can juggle the ball with your feet, shoulders...and now your back! Rafinha & Robben show you how ;), The DFB Cup round of 16 draw is only a few hours away! 

FC Bayern Munich could be paired with any of the following teams: Aue, Hertha, 1860, Nürnberg, Unterhaching, Darmstadt, Bochum, Leverkusen, Heidenheim, BVB, Augsburg, Stuttgart, Braunschweig, Gladbach, Bremen

Who would you like to see Bayern play?, null, Sign up for our newsletter to stay up to date on all things FC Bayern Munich and enter for a chance to win a jersey: fcbayrn.us/USNewsletter, These FC Bayern Munich fans sure know how to carve some good-looking pumpkins!

Carving some of your own? Dressing up as Super-Manu? Send us your best shots! #FCBHalloween, Happy Halloween #FCBayernUS fans!, Medhi Benatia's nicknames, which of his teammates impresses him the most, and more in his Player Portrait.

Click on 'CC' for captions in English!, Ribery back kickin' the ball around, showing off some tricks, doing his thing - great seeing you back at it today, Franck! 👍 💪, Philipp Lahm's incredible streak came to an end vs Frankfurt in which our captain committed his first foul in over a year!! Bravo, Philipp! 👋, FINAL SCORE
Eintracht Frankfurt 0 - 0 FC Bayern Munich

No victory in Frankfurt, but Bayern remain atop the Bundesliga undefeated.
Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/ReportSGEFCB, HALFTIME
Eintracht Frankfurt 0 - 0 FC Bayern Munich

Close game, but there's still another 45' to play. What are your thoughts on the first half?, We're underway in Frankfurt!

Eintracht Frankfurt vs. FC Bayern Munich

Watch in the U.S. & Canada: fcbayrn.us/WatchSGEFCB, Here's our lineup against Frankfurt!

Eintracht Frankfurt - FC Bayern Munich @ 3:30 pm EST

Where to watch in the U.S. & Canada: fcbayrn.us/WatchSGEFCB, The league's best tackler (71.9% of challenges won) and overhead through-ball specialist - Jérôme Boateng is set for his 200th Bundesliga appearance tonight in Frankfurt!

Eintracht Frankfurt vs. FC Bayern Munich, 3:30pm EST, MATCHDAY ladies and gents!

Can we make it 11 wins in 11 games today?, FC Bayern Munich look to continue their form in their matchup against a "consistent and strong" Frankfurt side at home., Can FC Bayern extend their record-breaking start to the season and make it 11? 

Here's where to watch #SGEFCB: fcbayrn.us/WatchSGEFCB, Pep looks back on Bayern's performance in the Cup win on Tuesday, and Frankfurt-Bayern previewed., Close call, is the ball in or out? What do you guys think? 👍 👎, Ribery, Thiago & Lewandowski showing off their skills in training ⚽️, #MiaSanMia, Lahm: "It's fun at the moment.”, Douglas Costa and Thiago Alcantara

...just can't keep the ball on the ground 😁, Congratulations to FC Bayern official fan club Mia San Atlanta on reaching 100 members! Glad you're a part of the #FCBayernUS family!

Read up on Mia San Atlanta here: fcbayrn.us/MiaSanAtlanta, The FC Bayern players traveled back to Munich in good spirits! ✈️, 1 golazo from Costa + 2 one-touch finishes from Müller = round of 16! ✔️, FC Bayern Munich continued their good run of form with a big win away to Wolfsburg in the DFB Cup. Hear from the coach and players., Lewy, Müller and the rest of the guys like to shoot some hoops every now and then - think they got what it takes to be on the court tonight for #NBATipOff2015? We certainly do 🏀 ⚽️, Thomas Müller continued his scoring form today with goals 13 & 14 on the season in all competitions. 💪, FINAL SCORE
VfL Wolfsburg 1 - 3 FC Bayern Munich

That's all folks, and Bayern are through to the round of 16 of the DFB Cup!
Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/CupReportWOBFCB, HALFTIME
VfL Wolfsburg 0 - 3 FC Bayern Munich

What an incredible first half! What did you think?, GOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!!!!

#müllered x2 (!!!!)

VfL Wolfsburg 0 - 3 FC Bayern Munich, GOOOOOOOAAAAAAL!!!!

#müllered 😜

VfL Wolfsburg 0 - 2 FC Bayern Munich, GOOOOOAAAALLLL!!!!
Costa nets it into the upper 90 to give Bayern the lead (15')!

VfL Wolfsburg 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, KICKOFF in Wolfsburg! PACK MA'S!

Follow live on:
Twitter: @FCBayernEN
Snapchat: FCBayernSnaps, Here's our starting lineup for tonight's DFB Cup matchup against Wolfsburg!, ICYMI, today's a pretty big game.

Find out where to watch it: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchCupWOBFCB, Pep: "I like the pressure of these knockout games. Either you're through or you're out." #packmas #DFBCup #WOBFCB
VfL Wolfsburg vs. FC Bayern Munich, 3:30 pm EST

Where to watch in the U.S. & Canada: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchCupWOBFCB, Big game tomorrow #FCBayernUS fans, here are kickoffs and where to watch around the country: fcbayrn.us/WatchCupWOBFCB, Müller & Neuer pick their favorite moments after the historic 1000th Bundesliga win and looking ahead to the big DFB Cup clash vs Wolfsburg., Javi Martínez and Co. on the road to Wolfsburg., #MondayMotivation ....the last time we played Wolfsburg 😜, The anticipation is rising ahead of #WOBFCB! Kick-off in the DFB Cup fixture is at 3:30pm EST tomorrow on WatchESPN & ESPN Deportes. 

Match Preview: fcbayrn.us/CupPreviewWOBFCB, Final training ahead of tomorrow's Cup game against Wolfsburg 💪, 10th Bundesliga game, 10th win - and not to mention #FCB1000! The perfect way to brighten up your week!, Robben made his comeback with his 75th Bundesliga goal for FC Bayern Munich, equalling Mario Gomez., Goosebumps guaranteed! We celebrate #FCB1000 with some of the greatest moments in FC Bayern Munich history! We are so proud!, Robben + Vidal + Lewy + Müller = 4-0 = #FCB1000, ❤ #FCB1000

Guardiola: "Incredible. Every coach in the world knows how difficult it is to win one game, but a thousand?! Unbelievable!", It's great to have you back, Arjen!, 1000 wins! Not a single one of them would have been achieved without the wonderful support of our FC Bayern Munich fans!

As always, thank you! #MiaSanMia, Go down memory lane after FC Bayern Munich's milestone 1000th Bundesliga win., 10 wins from 10 games ✔
33 goals in 10 games ✔
Lewy + Müller = 23 goals ✔

Records, records and more records: fcbayrn.us/RecordsX3, To celebreate #FCB1000, we are offering $10 off any online order using the coupon code below: fcbayrn.us/FCBOnlineStore, 1000 wins in 1714 Bundesliga games! #FCB1000

Check out the best moments and player reactions of his historic achievement! instagram.com/_fcb1000

What BL moment sticks out for you? Share with us your favorite moments, photos, videos at socialmedia@fcb.de., The 4-0 win is our 1000th Bundesliga win!!! #FCB1000

To celebrate, save $10 any order: fcbayrn.us/FCBOnlineStore

Reds extend record streak with milestone win: fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBKOE, #Müllered 4-0

10 goals in 10 games for Thomas. ;) #FCB1000, LewanGOALski strikes again! (62') 3-0!

His 17th goal this season in all competitions! #FCB1000 is close now!, Well then....that escalated quickly. Vidal adds a second ❤ on the road to #FCB1000

FC Bayern Munich 2-0 1. FC. Köln, TOOOOOOOOORRR!!! ARJEN ROBBEN BACK WITH A BANG!!! Welcome back! ;)

FC Bayern Munich 1-0 1. FC. Köln, And we are off! Follow along on:

Snapchat: fcbayernsnaps
instagram: instagram.com/fcbayern
Twitter: twitter.com/fcbayernen, Arjen starts vs. Köln! Here is our Starting XI!

Subs: Ulreich, Thiago, Martínez, Alonso, Kirchhoff, Bernat, Kimmich, Let's do this!!!, More records in sight for FC Bayern Munich!, This is actually an exercise ⚽️ 🚶🏃 #Boomerang, ⚽ ---> 📺

Where to watch FC Bayern Munich vs 1. FC Köln in the US: fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBKOE, #FBF to September 27, 2014 - Xabi Alonso breaks the Bundesliga record for most touches in a single game with a whopping 204 touches.

Thomas Müller on the historic event? "200 ball touches, I need a whole season for that...", Final training session ahead of #FCBKOE (and look who was in training 😁), Pep and Robben talk about the Dutchman's progress, and updates on Rode, Coman, Javi Martinez ahead of #FCBKOE, Javi Martínez practices his Bavarian, Douglas Costa behind the 'wheel', and Thomas Müller being, well, Thomas Müller, FC Bayern Munich's midfield maestro - exclusive interview with Xabi Alonso, Special guests at today's FC Bayern Basketball game - Javi Martínez, Sebastian Rode & Pep stopped by to show their support.

More info on the FCBB team here: fcbayrn.us/FCBBasketball, Congrats to FC Bayern Frauenfußball defender Gina Lewandowski on getting her first call-up to the U.S. Soccer women's national team!, First a couple of sprints, then a couple of tricks! Ribéry, Benatia, Coman & Rode hard at work, A big thanks to Iriko, Nicoletta, André & Tanja and Jaqueline for your brilliant photos! Would you like to see your pictures on our social media channels? Send them to us (facebook@fcb.de) or post them with the hashtag #FCBayernSelfie!, Excited for the next game in the Allianz Arena? The build-up to Saturday's clash with 1. FC Köln begins! #MiaSanMia, If only Berni McFly could go back in time..... #BackToTheFuture #BTTF, Despite the loss, FC Bayern Munich remain at the top of UEFA Champions League Group F - let's keep at it!, #MiaSanMia, Still a bitter defeat a day later, but the next tasks lie ahead. Chin up, fellas!, #BallondOr: Five FC Bayern Munich players plus Pep Guardiola nominated! http://fcbayrn.us/BallondOr15Shortlist

Congrats, guys! 👏, FINAL SCORE
Arsenal 2 - 0 FC Bayern Munich

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/ReportARSFCB, HALFTIME
Arsenal 0 - 0 FC Bayern Munich

What a thrilling first half. Thoughts?, We're underway in London - PACK MA'S!!!, Here's our lineup for today's game vs. Arsenal:, Arsenal vs. FC Bayern Munich just a few hours away - it's officially crunch time! 😁, MATCHDAY! FC Bayern Munich won the last two encounters against Arsenal in London - will we make it a hattrick today? Predictions?, The last time FC Bayern Munich faced Arsenal in the UEFA Champions League a certain Thomas Müller was on the scoresheet as FCB eliminated the Gunners 3-1 on aggregate., Watch tomorrow's big Champions League matchup as Bayern take on Arsenal in London - live at 2:45 pm EST on Fox Sports 2: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchARSFCB, Jérôme Boateng talks about tomorrow's Champions League test against Arsenal, update on Kingsley Coman, and Arsenal coach Arsene Wenger on facing Bayern., Putting in the final touches! 😁👌, Less than 24 hours to go until FC Bayern Munich take on Arsenal in the UEFA Champions League! We don't know about you but we can hardly wait!, FC Bayern Munich are in London as they look to tighten their grip on Group F against Arsenal! Don't miss this huge UEFA Champions League matchup tomorrow at 2:45 pm EST!, Heading into the Champions League with a record start in the Bundesliga - not too shabby 😉, Robert Lewandowski with a little selfie inception with David Alaba and Co. 😜, London Calling! David Alaba and co. are ready to answer 😉 #ServusLondon, No time to rest - the players are off to London ahead of their Champions League match on Tuesday! ✈️, 9 wins in 9 games! Never has a Bundesliga team won their 9 opening games of a season - until yesterday 😉A new record!, Manuel Neuer kept his 137th Bundesliga clean sheet today, equalling Bayern legend Sepp Maier as the goalkeeper with the fifth-most clean sheets. #TheWall, No matter where you tuned in from, THANK YOU for yet another incredible display of support! We'll need it again on Tuesday 😉, That face you make when you score your 80th Bundesliga goal... #müllered 😎💪, FINAL SCORE
SV Werder Bremen 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich

....and with that, 9 wins in 9 games, a record start to the season!!!
Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/ReportSVWFCB, HALFTIME
SV Werder Bremen 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich

Thoughts on the first half?, GOOOOOOOAAAAAAL!!!
Beautiful setup by Thiago & Müller's there to finish (23')!

SV Werder Bremen 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, KICKOFF!
We're underway in Bremen - PACK MA'S!

SV Werder Bremen - FC Bayern Munich, Here's our starting lineup vs. Bremen!, MATCHDAY! 
FC Bayern Munich is undefeated against Bremen for the last 7 years. What are your predictions for the North-South clash?, FC Bayern Munich head north to take on Werder Bremen tomorrow at 9:30 am EST - live on FS1.

Where will you be watching?, The Bundesliga returns this weekend. Watch all the games and many other competitions using FoxSoccer2Go. We've got a special 30-day free trial just for #FCBayernUS fans using the promo code below. 

⚽ 📺 ---> foxsoccer2go.com/buy, FC Bayern Munich lays the first bricks for the new sports complex for the youth academy, and the players get ready for their encounter with Werder Bremen., Wrapping up training then it's Bremen-bound!, "A milestone" - FC Bayern Munich laid the ceremonial first bricks for the new sports complex and youth academy: http://fcbayrn.us/ComplexBrickLaying, #TBT to one of Bayern's biggest Bundesliga away wins back in 2013 against Saturday's opponent Werder Bremen - what a game!

Can you name the all players who scored in Bayern's 7-0 win?, Definitely using his mind for this one.

Lewandowski ball control next level tho.... 🙌, After being out for more than five months, Holger Badstuber returned to team training today! Welcome back, Holger! 👏, Thiago being... Thiago.
Here's a little trick of his in this Move of the Week (the slow-mo really makes you appreciate it 🙌). Enjoy!

Check out our playlist for more: http://fcb.de/PlaylistMoveOfTheWeek, More FC Bayern Munich players in UEFA's European Qualifiers All-Star team than any other club. Congrats to Robert, Thomas & David!, FC Bayern Munich is proud to support partner SAP and Imagine Dragons in the #One4 Project.

Download “I Was Me” on iTunes and help make an impact in the lives of refugees today: iTunes.com/IWasMe

Learn more about the #One4 Project: https://sapsponsorships.com/one4, Neuer: "We're glad to be back" - we're glad you are too, Manu! 😄 👍, Whether it's with their foot, hand, or chest - these guys have a pretty good feel for the ball 👌, International break: ✔
Now: Preparation for Bremen - FC Bayern Munich
Bundesliga is back this Saturday!, Win a chance to see record-breaking FC Bayern Munich by entering ONE World Sports' Soctober promotion. You get tickets to Bayern vs Schalke, round-trip airfare, hotel accommodations, and spending money!

--> http://www.soctobersweeps.com/, FC Bayern Frauenfußball gear up for the second leg of the UEFA Women's Champions League Round of 16 at home vs. FC Twente, and a roundup of the FC Bayern Munich internationals on duty., Training for Saturday's game hasn't started yet but Xabi Alonso & a number of players got a head start - and were joined by Holger Badstuber! 💪, You've decided - Robert Lewandowski is your Bayern Player of the Month for September! Congrats, Lewy! 👏, Good news! Kingsley Coman won't be gone for long - the French U21 international picked up some minor muscle problems while on duty but will join his Bayern teammates soon., FC Bayern München Fan Club Washington, D.C. showed the world what a passionate fanbase the club has in the US during the Bayern vs Dortmund game. #FCBayernUS, "Winners are not people who never fail, but people who never quit."

Lahm, Xabi, Javi & Co. resumed today at Säbener Strasse after three days of rest: http://fcbayrn.us/TrainingResumes, Congratulations to Medhi Benatia on making the shortlist for the 2015 African Footballer of the Year award - good luck! 👍, Speaking of Euro qualifiers, this guy didn't have a shabby game yesterday.

These world-class saves, brought to you by Manuel Neuer., Robert Lewandowski today equalled the record for most goals scored in a EURO qualifying campaign (13). 🔥🔥🔥

We need to come up with new superlatives for LewanGOALski, DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) are heading to UEFA EURO 2016 and will be joined by Poland. Congrats to Müller, Neuer, Boateng & Lewandowski!, Half-time overview: 

LewanGOALski scores AGAIN (what else is new?)
Germany still 0-0 vs. Georgia, Manuel Neuer, Thomas Müller & Jérôme Boateng all start for DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) today. Kickoff @ 2:45pm EST on FS1

Lineup: Neuer (C) - Ginter, Boateng, Hummels, Hector - Gündogan, Kroos - Müller, Özil, Reus - Schürrle, Die Mannschaft can punch their ticket for the  UEFA EURO 2016 today when they play Georgia. Good luck!

Kickoff at 2:45pm EST on FS1, Happy Birthday Sebastian Rode!!! (25), Thomas Müller leading the pack! 

Germany vs Georgia - Oct 11 @ 2:45pm EST on FS1, One match left! Neuer & DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) take on Georgia in their last UEFA EURO 2016 Qualifier.

Neuer: "We're confident going into the match. I'm sure we'll be victorious"

Germany vs Georgia - Oc 11 @ 2:45pm EST on FS1, Goals from the corner or baseline look so easy and yet are so hard! ⚽
Lewy, Müller, Lahm and Martínez show you how it's done - now it's your turn! 

Got what it takes? Send us your olimpico videos: facebook@fcb.de, Olé! Gianluca Guadino shows off his skills in our Move of the Week., Arturo Vidal's Chile prevailed over Douglas Costa's Brazil in last night's opening FIFA World Cup qualifier
Euro qualifiers: David Alaba & Austria defeat Montenegro, and Thiago Alcantara's Spain qualify for UEFA EURO 2016!, Injury update: Mario Götze will be out 10-12 weeks due to a groin injury sustained in yesterday's Germany-Ireland game: http://fcbayrn.us/GoetzeInjuryIRLGER, Robert Lewandowski is just unstoppable! His tally after yesterday's brace vs. Scotland:

FC Bayern Munich: 4 games, 12 goals ⚽⚽⚽⚽⚽⚽⚽⚽⚽⚽⚽⚽
Poland: 4 games, 8 goals ⚽⚽⚽⚽⚽⚽⚽⚽, Mario Götze was forced off yesterday due to a groin injury and will miss the final qualifier against Georgia on Sunday.

Get well soon, Mario!, Ribery is back up and running again! Good to see you again, Franck! 👋, Teammates at FC Bayern Munich but in their World Cup qualifier Arturo Vidal & Douglas Costa are on the opposite side. 

Both start for their teams. #CHIBRA, Final whistle in Dublin - Germany falls to Ireland in the second-to-last Euro qualifier. #IRLGER 1-0, Robert Lewandowski (of course) scores less than 3 minutes in Poland's qualifier vs Scotland. 

13 goals in his last 5 games! This man is unstoppable!, With Neuer, Boateng, Götze & Müller all four FC Bayern Munich start for Germany vs Ireland - 2:45pm EST on ESPN

DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft): Neuer (C) - Ginter, Boateng, Hummels, Hector - Özil, Kroos, Gündogan, Reus - Götze, Müller., Matchday! Manuel Neuer, Mario Götze and Germany can secure qualification for the UEFA EURO 2016 today!

Ireland vs Germany - 2:45 pm EST on ESPN, Manu, Thomas, Mario & Germany training for the Ireland game tomorrow. 💪, Win a chance to see record-breaking FC Bayern Munich by entering ONE World Sports' Soctober promotion. You get tickets to Bayern vs Schalke, hotel accommodations and spending money!

-->  http://www.soctobersweeps.com/, 11 FC Bayern Munich players are off on international duty over the coming days. 
___________
Read more: http://fcbayrn.us/11FCBplayers, It's pouring in Munich but training was held anyway - and look who's back! Great to see you again, Arjen!! ☔⚽, September was stunning for FC Bayern Munich! Here are the best pics from our Instagram account last month.

To see more, take a look at www.instagram.com/fcbayern!, Happy German-American Day to all our #FCBayernUS fans!

Tell us how you're celebrating!, Reunited and it feels soooo good. Our players joined up with the DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) for their UEFA EURO Qualifiers this week., Arjen, Medhi, Holger, Juan, Jan: looking forward to seeing you guys back in team training soon! #ComeBackStronger, Slalom dribbling, passes, and sprints - how Arjen Robben is using the international break. Keep at it, Arjen! 💪, "Our motto right now: Keep calm, and carry on!" 
More: http://fcbayrn.us/AnalysisFCBBVB, What 26 goals looks like..., Players react to the 5-1 'Klassiker' win, Robben & Co. make strides in training, and the start of the international break., Thomas Müller facial expressions - the gift that keeps on giving 😜

Share some of your favorites with us!, null, 8 games.
8 wins.
Not a bad way to head into the international break 👌, Thomas Müller + Robert Lewandowski = 26 goals, Relive the incredible atmosphere and historic win by following the Bayern vs Dortmund live story on Snapchat. More behind-the-scenes content at "fcbayernsnaps", 8 games, 24 points, 29 goals scored, +24 goal difference

FC Bayern Munich set a record for the best-ever start to a Bundesliga season! 💪, TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR at the Allianz Arena!
Maaaaaaaaario GÖTZE! (66') What is happening??!?!

FC Bayern Munich 5 - 1 Borussia Dortmund, LEWANDOWSKI² ;)
Can you believe it??!?!?

FC Bayern Munich 4 - 1 Borussia Dortmund (58'), LEEEEEEEWANGOOOOOOOOALSKI!!! (46') 
22 seconds after kickoff! CAN YOU BELIEVE IT!!?!?!

FC Bayern Munich 3 - 1 Borussia Dortmund, Action-packed first half! Not a second to look away! What are your thoughts?, YEEEEEESSSSSS!! TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR!!!
Müller converts from the spot after a great counter attack!

FC Bayern Munich 2- 0 Borussia Dortmund, TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR @ Allianz Arena!
Goal by our Nr. 25: Thomas MÜLLER (25').

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Borussia Dortmund, PACK MA'S! Kickoff at the Allianz Arena

Follow live on:
twitter.com/fcbayernen
instagram.com/fcbayern
Snapchat: fcbayernsnaps, Half an hour to go until kick-off. We're ready, the fans are ready - this promises to be an epic match. Here's the FCB team to face BVB!

FC Bayern Munich vs. Borussia Dortmund, 11:30am EST, A top-of-the-table clash between the top scorers! What are your predictions?

FC Bayern Munich vs. Borussia Dortmund, 11:30am EST, Keep an eye out on Snapchat tomorrow during the Bayern vs Dortmund match for something special! ;)

And follow us at 'fcbayernsnaps' for exclusive behind-the-scenes content!, 209 countries around the world will be watching #DerKlassiker

FC Bayern Munich vs Borussia Dortmund

Match Preview: http://fcbayrn.us/FCBBVBPreview, Juggling the ⚽ with their shoulders? Thiago and Costa getting into the swing of things before tomorrow's big game. 😉, The calm before the storm.....final training session before the big game.

FC Bayern Munich vs Borussia Dortmund, 1 day away! One of the biggest games in the world takes place at the Allianz Arena tomorrow - FC Bayern Munich vs Borussia Dortmund! 
Are you ready?, You know what time it is. 'Der Klassiker' is BACK - this Sunday at 11:30 am.

Where to watch in the US: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBBVB15, Want to experience the biggest game of the season with fellow #FCBayernUS fans? Come down to Paulaner NYC Bowery in New York this Sunday! And don't forget to come in your best Bayern gear! 😉, FC Bayern hit Oktoberfest and gear up for 'Der Klassiker'., Just two days left until #FCBBVB - preparations are in full in swing 💪, Top of the table clash at the Allianz Arena!
FC Bayern Munich - Borussia Dortmund
Sunday, 11:30 am EST. Pack ma's!, The history of #DerKlassiker is filled with memorable moments and games. All eyes will be on FC Bayern Munich vs Borussia Dortmund this Sunday as the rivalry resumes., MIA SAN MIA, "It's incredible to be back in the team, able to enjoy this beautiful game again. I'm over the moon."

Javi Martínez talks about his journey, self-doubt and family support on his road to recovery and the upcoming Dortmund game: http://fcbayrn.us/JaviInterview, Happy 25th Birthday, Jan Kirchhoff!, Who wore it better? 😁, FC Bayern does Oktoberfest! After their 5-0 win in the Champions League yesterday the players were able to  kick back today and enjoy 'Wiesn' together., 10 goals in 184 minutes! 5 + 2 + 3 = #SuperLewy, After 3-0 and 5-0 wins, FC Bayern Munich have made the best start to a UEFA Champions League campaign in their history!, Boxing with David Alaba and Goalkeeper tips from Manuel Neuer on the FC Bayern Munich adidas' "Gamedayplus"

Full video: http://fcb.de/GamedayPlusFCB, Yet another incredible game with some incredible results!

Bayern now have their best Bundesliga & UEFA Champions League starts in history thanks in part to....
Robert Lewandowski, who is now top scorer in the Bundesliga, Champions League, and EURO qualifiers!, That's all folks!

FINAL SCORE
FC Bayern Munich 5 - 0 Dinamo Zagreb
Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCBDIN, GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL!!!

Great work by Costa & Thiago - Lewy with the finish (55')! Hattrick!

FC Bayern Munich 5 - 0 Dinamo Zagreb, HALFTIME

FC Bayern Munich 4 - 0 Dinamo Zagreb

What an unreal first half! What did you guys think?, GOOOOALLLL! LEWY WITH THE BRACE!

FC Bayern Munich 4 - 0 Dinamo Zagreb, AND THEY KEEP ON COMING! This time - Mario Götze!!!!

FC Bayern Munich  3 - 0 Dinamo Zagreb, GOOOOOAAAAAL for FC Bayern! LewanGOALski strikes again! (22')

FC Bayern Munich 2- 0 Dinamo Zagreb, YEEEEEESSSSSS Costa nets it in!!!!! (14')

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Dinamo Zagreb, WE'RE UNDERWAY! Let's get those first 3 points at the Allianz Arena! PACK MA'S!

Follow also on:
Snapchat: fcbayernsnaps
Twitter: FCBayernEN
Instagram: fcbayern, It's almost time at the Allianz Arena! Here's our starting lineup vs. Dinamo Zagreb:, Our players wrapping up their final training session before the big Champions League game tonight!, MATCHDAY! The UEFA Champions League anthem is finally back at the Allianz Arena tonight! ♫

FC Bayern Munich vs. GNK Dinamo Zagreb 2:45 EST on ESPN2, The UEFA Champions League is back! 

Dinamo Zagreb are on a 45-match unbeaten streak - Jerome Boateng's take? "It's impressive, but it's time for them to lose again."

Watch #FCBDIN live on ESPN2 tomorrow at 2:45pm ESTor with a fan club near you: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBDIN, Lewandowski continues to break records, and FC Bayern - Dinamo Zagreb previewed., UEFA Champions League action returns to the Allianz Arena – less than 24 hours to go! Where will you be watching #FCBDIN?, Douglas Costa, Robert Lewandowski & Co. preparing for the big UEFA Champions League match vs Dinamo Zagreb tomorrow!, Games: 7
Lewy goals: 10
Position: 1st

Not bad! ;), All business on the field, lots of fun off it. Javi, Thomas & Rafinha having a laugh. 😜, It's back to Champions League action this Tuesday for FC Bayern Munich as they host Dinamo Zagreb.

Get the gear here: http://fcbayrn.us/1516ThirdKit, 7 games, 7 wins, 21 points 
Goal Difference of +20

FC Bayern Munich have the best Bundesliga start in history!, Thiago Alcantara is more than happy to give his mates a lift to work 😜🚗, MIA SAN MIA!, The boss says it's ok - "He's allowed to go to Oktoberfest today." 😜

After 7 goals in 2 games, there's a well-deserved Maß with your name on it, Robert Lewandowski! Prost!, He came, he saw, he scored. A lot.
No foreign player in Bundesliga history has reached the 100-goal mark as quickly as Robert Lewandowski (in 168 BL games).

Congratulations, Lewy!, FULLTIME - away win!

FINAL SCORE: 1. FSV Mainz 05 0 - 3 FC Bayern Munich
Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/ReportM05FCB, GOOOOOAAAALLL!!!! Coman makes it 3-0!!!!

1. FSV Mainz 05 0 - 3 FC Bayern Munich, GOOOAAAALLLLL for FC Bayern and goal #101 for Robert Lewandowski!!!!!

1. FSV Mainz 05 0 - 2 FC Bayern Munich, GOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLL!!! LewanGOALski strikes again!!

1. FSV Mainz 05 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, HALFTIME

1. FSV Mainz 05 0 - 0 FC Bayern Munich

Thoughts on the first half?, KICKOFF!
1. FSV Mainz 05 vs. FC Bayern Munich

Watch on Fox Sports 2: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchM05FCB
PACK MA'S!, Javi Martínez makes his return to the starting XI! 
Our lineup vs. Mainz:, MATCHDAY!

1. FSV Mainz 05 vs. FC Bayern Munich - 9:30 am EST

Watch on Fox Sports 2 or find a fan club near you: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchM05FCB, Standing in goal is a dangerous place to be when Lewandowski's on the pitch - 5 goals in 9 minutes, 7 goals in 5 matches vs. Mainz.

Watch on Fox Sports 2 or find a fan club: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchM05FCB, Lewy and Müller have 14 goals between them in just 6 games! Will this top-scoring duo add to their tallies?, Reactions to Lewandowski's goal fest, celebrating Karl-Heinz Rummenigge on his birthday, and Mainz previewed., 43 trophies in 34 years! World class on and off the field, Rummenigge's impressive trophy cabinet:  http://fcbayrn.us/KHRHonors, A very happy 60th birthday to our club chairman, Karl-Heinz Rummenigge!, Dust off your dirndls and lederhosen and join Paulaner NYC Bowery, New York City for a unique experience of Oktoberfest food and our Oktoberfest 2015 brew - each Thursday through Saturday until October 17th starting today!, Start your engines! Müller, Lewandowski & Co. hit the Audi race track., FC Bayern Munich fans! Head over to http://foxsoccer2go.com/buy and enter the promo code "BAYERNUSA" for your free 30 day trial!, FC Bayern Munich welcomed 26 teen refugees to Säbener Straße yesterday and were joined by Jérôme Boateng, Thomas Müller and Thiago Alcantara for a special training session and lunch., Today only! Special discount to commemorate of our record-breaking scorer!: fcbayrn.us/ShopLewandowski, 6th matchday, 5 Lewy goals, 1st place in the table!  B|  💪, Lewy & Co. go full throttle - even off the pitch! The FC Bayern Munich players were presented with their new Audis today, took a spin at the Audi Driving Experience, and signed autographs for fans., null, Thanks for all your #PepFace submissions! Pep would be proud 👍👏
Congratulations to Tyler B. on winning the Lewandowski jersey!, Our analysis: Incredible. Pep "couldn't explain it." Lewy himself said it was "madness."

More reactions: http://fcbayrn.us/AnalysisFCBWOB, Good morning!  Setting records yesterday, back in training today. 
High ✋, Robert Lewandowski., Robert Lewandowski:

- Fastest hattrick in Bundesliga history
- Fastest to reach 4 goals in Bundesliga history
- Fastest to reach 5 goals in Bundesliga history
- First sub to score 5 goals in Bundesliga history
- Fastest to score 5 goals in Bundesliga history
- Only needed 9 touches for all 5 goals, Send us your best #PepFace and you can win a Robert Lewandowski jersey! 😱 😍

You have 9 minutes! GO!, History at the Allianz Arena courtesy of Robert Lewandowski

No words....., NO MORE GOALS FOR NOW!
FINAL SCORE: FC Bayern Munich 5 - 1 VfL Wolfsburg

Robert Lewandowski - take.a.bow.
Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCBWOB, LEWANDOWSKI
LEWANDOWSKI
LEWANDOWSKI
LEWANDOWSKI
LEWANDOWSKI

FC Bayern Munich 5 - 1 VfL Wolfsburg

....we can't update this fast enough. Sorry folks., THIS.IS.INSANE.

Robert Lewandowski makes it 4 -1 for FC Bayern Munich!!!!!!, IT'S A LEWANGOALSKI FEST!!!!!
Lewy with the hattrick!!!!

FC Bayern Munich 3 - 1 VfL Wolfsburg, AND THE SECOND GOAL!
Robert Lewandowski!!!
FC Bayern Munich 2 - 1 VFL Wolfsburg, YAAAAAASSSSS Lewy with the equalizer!!!!!!!, Halftime: Bayern head into the break a goal down to Wolfsburg after Caligiuri's goal. Plenty of time to turn it around in the second half! #packmas

FC Bayern Munich 0-1 VfL Wolfsburg, KICKOFF at the Allianz Arena! FC Bayern Munich vs. VfL Wolfsburg
Thanks for everything, Dante!, Here is our starting lineup! 

FC Bayern Munich vs VfL Wolfsburg 2:00pm EST on FS1, Getting ready for the big game! ✌ #packmas, Oktoberfest + Bayern go together like a beer and... another beer. It's MATCHDAY in Munich!

FC Bayern Munich vs. VfL Wolfsburg, 2:00 pm EST on FS1, We welcome the wolves to our park. 😉

FC Bayern Munich vs VfL Wolfsburg on FS1 tomorrow @ 2:00pm EST - fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBWOB, The team was fully focused preparing for the big match against Wolfsurg at the Allianz Arena  tomorrow., The champions take on the Cup winners - top clash at the Allianz Arena!

Kick-off: Tuesday, 2 p.m. EST. Predictions?
Watch in the U.S.: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBWOB, 5 games, 5 wins 👍

Bring on Wolfsburg!, Joshua Kimmich talks about his first time in lederhosen, Oktoberfest, and why he joined FC Bayern: http://fcb.de/KimmichPortrait, No time to rest!

After yesterday's win in Darmstadt, the FC Bayern Munich players are gearing up for their encounter with Wolfsburg, with Robert Lewandowski back on board: http://fcbayrn.us/LewyTraining, Welcome back, Javi Martínez! Great to see you back on the pitch! We missed you!, 5 wins from 5 games. FC Bayern Munich's perfect start continues! 

MIA SAN MIA, The Chaaaaaampions! 

Check out our 2015/16 Champions League collection: fcbayrn.us/1516CLCollection, Pep singled out Kimmich & Rode for their impressive performances today.

Reactions: fcbayrn.us/ReactionsD98FCB, FINAL SCORE: Darmstadt 98 0 - 3 FC Bayern Munich

Goals: Vidal (19'), Coman (62'), Rode (63')

The perfect start continues: fcbayrn.us/ReportD98FCB, TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR!

Rode adds a third himself. It's raining goals now! (63')

Darmstadt 98 0 - 3 FC Bayern Munich, TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR!

Rode sets up Coman for his first Bayern goal! (62')

Darmstadt 98 0 - 2 FC Bayern Munich, HALF-TIME: Darmstadt 98 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich

Dream goal from Arturo Vidal has Bayern on top. Thoughts?, We dig Vidal's celebration. We're not going to forget this goal anytime soon. ;)

Darmstadt 98 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR for FC Bayern!
Arturo Vidal hammers the ball from 20+ yards out. What a goal!

Darmstadt 98 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, KICKOFF at the Böllenfalltor stadium

Darmstadt 98 vs FC Bayern Munich, Here's our line-up! Let's do this! 

SV Darmstadt 1898 e.V. vs FC Bayern Munich, MATCHDAY

Predictions for today's game?, Beard vs Mohawk ✂

SV Darmstadt 1898 e.V. vs FC Bayern Munich 
9:30am EST on FS1 - fcbayrn.us/WatchD98FCB, It's that time of year again! O'zapft is! 🍻

Oktoberfest kicks off tomorrow - how will you be celebrating? Share with us below!, The FC Bayern Munich players fine-tuning before they pack their bags and head to Darmstadt for #D98FCB ⚽️✈️, FC Bayern Munich mourns the loss of Dettmar Cramer.

Cramer passed away on Thursday at the age of 90. During his time as coach, FC Bayern won the European Cup in both 1975 and 1976, as well as the Intercontinental Cup in 1976. His team, full of stars like Franz Beckenbauer, Sepp Maier, Uli Hoeneß and Gerd Müller helped define the history of the club., Matthias Sammer on an unstoppable Thomas Müller - couldn't have put it better 👌, The focus returns to the Bundesliga for FC Bayern Munich's encounter with newly-promoted SV Darmstadt 1898 e.V..  

This Saturday at 9:30am EST on FS1. Where to watch: fcbayrn.us/D98FCB, Mia San Mia!

Look the part with this season's CL kit: http://fcbayrn.us/1516CLCollection, The FC Bayern Munich guys on their way back to Munich with plenty to be happy about - safe travels!, FC Bayern Munich have won their 12th consecutive opening game of the UEFA Champions League in their milestone 200th appearance in the competition! 

MIA SAN MIA, Thomas Müller converts a penalty just before the final whistle to make it a final score of 3-0 for FC Bayern! Three goals, three points! #MiaSanMia

Olympiacos FC 0 - 3 FC Bayern Munich

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/MatchReportOLYFCB, Götzeeeeeeeee! Super sub Mario Götze makes it 2-0 for Bayern (88.)!

Olympiacos FC 0 - 2 FC Bayern Munich, MÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜLLEEEEER! WHAT.A.GOAL!

Olympiacos FC 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, HALFTIME

Olympiacos FC 0 - 0 FC Bayern Munich

Thoughts on the first half? Predictions?, KICKOFF! 
We're underway at Karaiskakis Stadium - Champions League is BACK! PACK MA'S!

Tune in to ESPN2: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchOLYFCB, Here's our starting lineup against Olympiacos:, Today's tactic in 13 seconds: team spirit, passion, and some fancy footwork from Thomas Müller (sort of). 😁, The UEFA Champions League is finally back! FCB's 200th game in Europe's elite club competition awaits tonight in Greece. 

Olympiacos FC vs. FC Bayern Munich, 2:45pm EST on ESPN2, Final training session complete - the stage is set, and everything is ready to go for #OLYFCB tomorrow night!, Thomas Müller, Thiago Alcantara & Co. on FC Bayern Munich's first Champions League game of the season against Olympiacos FC, UEFA Champions League is back! Less than 24 hours to go before we get to hear that anthem we all know and love!

Match preview: http://fcbayrn.us/PreviewOLYFCB, Off to Greece! A hot matchup and hot weather await David Alaba, Thiago, Douglas Costa & Co. ☀️, Kaliméra! FC Bayern Munich are on their way to Athens - UEFA Champions League is back! #OLYFCB, Champions League is back! Find out where to watch FC Bayern Munich take on Greek champions Olympiacos FC this Wednesday: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchOLYFCB, UEFA Champions League is finally back! Birthday boy Douglas Costa and his teammates have their eyes set on Wednesday's big match!, Wouldn't it be great if all US T-Mobile customers could get 12 months of #FCBtv for free? Well, now they can by registering here: http://www.fcb.tv/t-mobile/?, 4 games, 4 wins - a nice bit of momentum to take into the new UEFA Champions League campaign. Bring on Olympiacos FC!, Douglas Costa turns 25 years old today. 

Happy Birthday! #MiaSanMia, With UEFA Champions League just around the corner, a look at FC Bayern Munich's opponents in Group F: http://fcbayrn.us/GroupFPreview, Thomas Müller through the years. They grow up so fast! 😜

Happy 26th Birthday to our Thomas!, In honor of his birthday, a little 'Best Of' Thomas Müller compilation. 
You're welcome., Ois Guade, Thomas Müller! Our number 25 turns 26 today. Share your birthday wishes below!, Thomas Müller was asked what the Augsburg goalkeeper said to him before the penalty, "He asked me where I'll shoot the ball so I just told him." 

Classic Müller! 😝, What a game that was! Get a behind-the-scenes look on our Snapchat account at "fcbayernsnaps". 👀  (y), FINAL SCORE @ Allianz Arena - FC Bayern Munich  2-1 FC Augsburg

Match Report: fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBFCA
Photos: www.instagram.com/fcbayern
Snaps: FCBayernSnaps, YEEEESSSSSS! Thomas Müller with the match winner from the penalty spot right at the end!!!! WOW!, YEEEESSSS! TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR ROBERT LEWANGOOOALSKI! Sheer willpower! 

FC Bayern 1 - 1 FC Augsburg (77') @ Allianz Arena, Half-time at the Allianz Arena. 45 more minutes to turn this game around. Come on team!!!, Each player is accompanied by a refugee child at the Allianz Arena today. Also a great fan tifo on display! 

#RefugeesWelcome, FC Bayern Munich are in the house! Here's Pep's starting line-up for the derby against FC Augsburg!

PACK MA'S!, Derby Day at the Allianz Arena is here! What are your predictions for FC Bayern Munich vs Augsburg?, Derby Day this weekend as FC Bayern Munich takes on FC Augsburg - live on FS1 at 9:30am EST. 

Here's where to watch around the US: fcbayrn.us/WtWFCBFCA, The Kaiser turns 70, Javi Martínez rejoins the squad, and #FCBFCA previewed, Congratulations to the FC Bayern Frauenfußball  on winning their top clash today! Up to first in the standings!, All smiles during final training ahead of tomorrow's clash with FC Augsburg 💪
What are your predictions for tomorrow's Bavarian derby?, The Kaiser turns 70 today! Happy Birthday to our legend, Franz Beckenbauer!
A look back on the Kaiser's career: http://fcbayrn.us/Kaiser70
His greatest achievements: http://fcbayrn.us/KaiserAchievements

#Kaiser70, Tune in to FS1 this Saturday to watch FC Bayern Munich take on FC Augsburg in the Bavarian derby: http://fcbayrn.us/WtWFCBFCA, Preparations for Saturday's clash with FC Augsburg began today - and our new signing Kingsley Coman was on board as well!, Kingsley Coman on joining: "I've already played for some big clubs in Europe, but for me FC Bayern is a cut above the rest.", He shoots, he scores!!! Shooting practice with Lahm, Javi, Thiago and Co., ⚽ + 🏀 = ballers x2

Jérôme Boateng Official met up with Kevin Durant during his stop in Berlin., Bienvenue, Kingsley Coman! Our new signing completed his first light training session today and donned his new FC Bayern Munich kit for a photo shoot. Looking good, Kingsley!, FCB in Cincy! In the latest installment of our fan club profile series, we hear from FC Bayern Munich official fan club Over the Rhine. Read here: http://fcbayrn.us/OvertheRhine #FCBayernUS, FC Bayern Munich vs. FC Augsburg - Saturday September 12, 9:30 a.m. EST

The Bundesliga is back, and it's a Bavarian derby at the Allianz Arena! Are you ready?, Congratulations on qualifying for UEFA EURO 2016, David Alaba!, ¡Vamos Javi! The Spaniard made great progress in his rehabilitation program today, while Lahm, Thiago & Co. completed their final training session without the international players before preparations begin for this weekend's clash against Augsburg., Manuel Neuer, Jérôme Boateng Official, Mario Götze and Thomas Müller on their way back to Munich - safe travels, guys!, Germany on the path towards Euro 2016! Manuel Neuer: "It was a lot of work, we're annoyed about conceding two goals, of course, but we still played well and need to keep it up.", Only FC Bayern Munich teammate Robert Lewandowski has scored more goals in UEFA EURO 2016 qualifying than Thomas Müller (8). 👍, After training today, Arturo Vidal, Thiago Alcantara and birthday boy Rafinha Official had a quick round of 'Crossbar Challenge'!, Final whistle in Glasgow! 3:2 for DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) thanks to two goals and an assist from Thomas Müller who now has 8 goals in EURO qualifying! Your thoughts on the game?, Can you believe it? It's Thomas Müller who puts Germany in the lead again! 2:1 for DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) in Scotland! #SCOGER, Guess who? Thomas Müller gives DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) the lead against Scotland. 1-0! #SCOGER, Manuel Neuer, Jérôme Boateng Official, Mario Götze and Thomas Müller all start for DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) vs Scotland. Good luck boys! #SCOGER

Kickoff at 2:45pm EST on Fox Sports 1, It's matchday for our FC Bayern Munich boys! Mario Götze, Thomas Müller, Jérôme Boateng Official and Manuel Neuer will line up for DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) tonight against Scotland National Team in Glasgow.

Kickoff at 2:45pm EST on Fox Sports 1, Happy 30th Birthday, Rafinha Official!  We wish you all the best!, FC Bayern Munich + Linkin Park. A dream came true for competition winner Lukas at a concert in Berlin earlier., Xabi Alonso on the impact of Douglas Costa, his passion for music and movies and his second season as an FC Bayern Munich player: fcbayrn.us/AlonsoInterview, "When I play football, I'm happy!"

Check out Thiago Alcantara's profile here, Our players in action on international duty yesterday. Strong games from Alaba and Costa., Land ahoy! Captain Berni is reporting for duty!, Philipp Lahm, Sebastian Rode, and fitness coach Dr. Holger Broich were up for a crossbar challenge - who do you think won?, The dates & times for matchdays 8-15 in the Bundesliga have been finalized. Check out the details here: fcbayrn.us/BLSchedule8to15, Plenty of highlights from this year's Allianz Junior Football Camp as 75 kids from around the world got to experience, including FC Bayern Munich's Bundesliga home opener, meeting Manuel Neuer and other Bayern players, and much more. #AJFC

More about the Allianz Junior Football Camp: http://fcbayrn.us/AJFC, It was a successful outing for Thomas Müller, Mario Götze and the FC Bayern Munich players during the Germany vs Poland game yesterday: fcbayrn.us/GotzeMatchwinner, Thiago Alcantara & Arturo Vidal just can't stay away from Säbener Straße! The pair put in an extra shift this morning 💪, Arjen Robben picked up a groin injury during the Netherlands' Euro 2016 Qualifier against Iceland yesterday and will be out for four weeks - more here: http://fcbayrn.us/RobbenInjuryNEDISL

#GetWellSoonArjen, FINAL SCORE: Germany 3 - 1 Poland

Three of FC Bayern Munich's own made their mark in today's Euro 2016 Qualifier: 2x Götze, 1x Müller and 1x Lewandowski, FC Bayern Munich players have dominated the first half - Thomas Müller, Mario Götze and Robert Lewandowski have all scored
Germany 2 - 1 Poland, 2-0! Second goal from an FC Bayern Munich player, this time Mario Götze gets on the score sheet!

Germany 2 - 0 Poland, Müllered! Thomas Müller nets it in to give DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) the 1-0 lead, Manuel Neuer, Mario Götze, Thomas Müller and Jérôme Boateng Official all in the DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) starting lineup, with Robert Lewandowski wearing the captain's armband for Poland. Good luck to all our players! #GERPOL, Matchday! Germany vs Poland is a matchup between FC Bayern Munich players. Kickoff is at 2:45pm EST on FOX Sports 1 Don't miss it!, Müller and DFB-Team (Die Mannschaft) take on Lewandowski and Poland in the big UEFA EURO Qualifier tomorrow at 2:45pm EST on FOX Sports 1

Find out where to watch the game and all Bayern players in action: http://fcbayrn.us/FCBonIntlDuty, Today, FC Bayern Munich announced it will help Germany's current refugee crisis through donations, training camps, German lessons, and more - see what FC Bayern is pledging:, Kickoff in Regensburg! Our lineup for our friendly: Ulreich - Burger, Paul, Scholl, Kurt, Basta, Alonso, Hägler, Leib, Rode, Lahm (C)., Happy 27th Birthday to our Jérôme Boateng Official!, Berni took a little trip to NYC this week. Check out the whole story on Snapchat at "fcbayernsnaps". 🐻 ➡ Big 🍎, T-Mobile customers in the U.S.! You've got access to FCB.tv for 12 months for free - sign up now and don't miss a beat! http://www.fcb.tv/t-mobile, Not the best weather in Munich at the moment. 💦 🌂

Nevertheless, the players were in good spirits for today's training session. Catch the entire thing here: youtube.com/watch?v=u9DBWn7VccE, Happy Birthday, Javi Martínez! 

We can't wait to see you back on the pitch again!, 12 FC Bayern Munich players are away on international duty this week. See who they are here: fcbayrn.us/IntlDuty, Good luck boys and stay fit!
Bayern dozen on international duty: http://fcbayrn.us/IntlDuty, FC Bayern Munich has announced a global media partnership with Goal.com that will include the mutual exchange of content across all digital platforms - more: http://fcbayrn.us/GoalPartnership, Public training session with Thiago Alcantara, Philipp Lahm, Xabi Alonso & Co. ☀ ⚽️
Tomorrow morning's session will be streamed LIVE from 11:15 am CET on youtube.com/FCBayern!, Big win vs Leverkusen. Farewell Dante & Claudio. Welcome Kingsley!, "It's a dream come true!"

Our new no. 29 Kingsley #Coman gives his first interview as a FC Bayern Munich player., Ever wanted to ask Philipp Lahm a question? Now's your chance! The FC Bayern Munich captain will be taking part in a Q&A tomorrow - post your questions in the comments!, 3 games, 3 wins 👍 ⚽

Monday mornings are always more tolerable after an FC Bayern victory! Have a great week, FCB fans!, Thomas Müller, Mario Götze, Manuel Neuer & Jérôme Boateng Official were called up to Germany's squad for their EURO qualifiers next week. 

More: fcbayrn.us/NTCallUps, Claudio Pizarro said his farewell in front of 75,000 fans before yesterday's game, a "special moment" for the 'Bombardero de los Andes', a.k.a. 'Pizza'.

THANK YOU, Claudio, for nine wonderful years!

Share your favorite Pizza moments with us! #ThanksClaudio, FC Bayern Munich have completed the signing of 19-year-old Kingsley Coman on loan from Juventus until June 30, 2017.

More: fcbayrn.us/ComanSigns, FC Bayern Munich played their annual friendly against a fan club, this time against local fan club Red Power. A great time for everyone involved and another trophy for the cabinet. 😉 😜, Thank you for all the good times! Dante Bonfim will soon complete a move from FC Bayern Munich to VfL Wolfsburg. More: fcbayrn.us/DanteTransfer

Send your farewell messages for our smiling Brazilian. #ThanksDante, Third game, third win - and plenty more to come!

Whether at home, online, at the Allianz Arena or elsewhere - THANK YOU for your incredible support! MIA SAN MIA!, Thomas Müller's agenda today:
- score two goals ✔️
- get three points ✔️
- make 200th Bundesliga appearance ✔️

Definitely cause for celebration 👏 👍, FULLTIME: FC Bayern are back to the top of the league after another convincing win! 

FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 Bayer 04 Leverkusen
Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCBB04, It's in! Robben converts the penalty to give Bayern a 3-0 lead!

FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 Bayer 04 Leverkusen, Thomas Müller with the brace!

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 Bayer 04 Leverkusen, HALFTIME in this top-of-the-table clash!

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Bayer 04 Leverkusen

What are your thoughts on the first half?, GOOOOOAAAAALLLLL for FC Bayern Munich!

Nice work by Costa and finished by Thomas Müller on his 200th Bundesliga appearance! THAT'S how you do it!

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Bayer 04 Leverkusen, And we're underway here at the Allianz Arena! Can FC Bayern make it three wins in three for the season?

FC Bayern Munich 0-0 Bayer 04 Leverkusen Fussball

PACK MA'S!, Here's our starting lineup vs. Leverkusen: Neuer - Thiago, Lewandowski, Robben, Costa, Alonso, Bernat, Lahm (c), Vidal, Müller, Alaba

Watch on Fox Sports 2 or Fox Sports Go: http://fcbayrn.us/WhereToWatchFCBB04, Pizarro: "This farewell is something very special to me."
It's been an honor - #ThanksClaudio! Read his farewell interview: http://fcbayrn.us/InterviewPizarro, Matchday! FC Bayern Munich (2 games, 2 wins, 7:1 goals) + Bayer Leverkusen (2 games, 2 wins, 3:1 goals = quite the matchup at the Allianz Arena!, Reactions to the UEFA Champions League draw, Thiago Alcantara's contract extension, and Bayer Leverkusen preview., PACK MA'S! 

Biggest game of the weekend: fcbayrn.us/WhereToWatchFCBB04, Team spirit on and off the pitch ahead of the clash with Bayer Leverkusen tomorrow. What are your predictions for the game? #MiaSanMia, From Munich to Marseille - Julian and Javi were at adidas' third kit launch yesterday.  #BeTheDifference

Get one of your own here: fcbayrn.us/1516ThirdKit, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg (20) will go on loan to Schalke 04 for the remainder of the season.
Hojbjerg: "I'm looking forward to this new task until the end of the season. I want to gain match practice and prove myself for FC Bayern Munich."
More: http://fcbayrn.us/HojbjergLoanS04, Happy Birthday, Karl Hopfner! Our president turns 63 years old today., Check out where to watch FC Bayern Munich take on Bayer Leverkusen this Saturday: fcbayrn.us/WhereToWatchFCBB04, FC Bayern Munich and Columbia University have announced a partnership to support the curriculum of the school's Sports Management Masters program. More here: http://fcbayrn.us/ColumbiaPartnership, The jersey for all those special Champions League moments.
Get the new third kit here: fcbayrn.us/1516ThirdKit
#BeTheDifference, Arsenal (again), Olympiakos & Zagreb - those are our UEFA Champions League opponents this season. Thoughts on the #UCLDraw?

More info: fcbayrn.us/CLDraw, Next stop, Marseille! Javi Martínez and Julian Green headed to the adidas Soccer #BeTheDifference World Final and will follow the UEFA Champions League draw from there., Get fired up for the games, support, and celebrate with us - with the new Champions League kit: http://fcbayrn.us/1516ThirdKit, What a way to kick off a blockbuster day at FC Bayern Munich: Thiago Alcantara has extended his contract with the club until 2019: fcbayrn.us/Thiago2019, Fly to Berlin to see Linkin Park in concert & meet the band!

Tell us why YOU deserve to be the winner in the comments below to enter and you could win 2 tickets to Linkin Park in Berlin on September 3, 2015, including 2 VIP passes and a Meet & Greet with members of the band.
Good luck!, The winners of our Goethe-Institut Step Into German contest had an unforgettable experience in Munich, saw the Allianz Arena, training grounds at Säbener Strasse and met the players., The time has almost come - tomorrow we find out our UEFA Champions League opponents! Which teams would you like to see drawn against FC Bayern Munich?, American #Thalys hero Alek Skarlatos was a special guest at Säbener Straße today - a truly remarkable person., #MiaSunMia  B| ☀, Go behind the scenes of today's photo shoot and find out what Arjen Robben, Jérôme Boateng Official, Thiago Alcantara & Xabi Alonso have to say about their Bavarian outfits., Caption this 👇:, Photo shoot in lederhosen, training, and 3D scans – busy day for FC Bayern Munich!

Follow 'fcbayernsnaps' for more behind-the-scenes footage!, Miss this morning's training session? Catch parts of it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3pVXaFI8gg, David Alaba looking good!  B| 

Check out our new line of training gear for the 2015/16 season: fcbayrn.us/TrainingGear1516, Thiago Alcantara gets his groove on, Mario Götze displays his acrobatic skills & more., Manuel Neuer, Mario Götze & Co. react to Saturday's dramatic win, and an update on Medhi Benatia., We're thrilled to announce that FC Bayern Munich now has 4,000 official fan clubs worldwide, with 88 in the U.S. alone - that makes the U.S. third in most fan clubs right after Germany & Austria!

THANK YOU for your amazing support, 'Murica!  B| 👍 👏 #MiaSanMia
To find a fan club near you: http://fcbayrn.us/WheretoWatch or http://fcbayrn.us/FindFanClub, 2 games, 2 wins, 6 points - not a bad way to start the season. 😉

Have a great week, FC Bayern fans!, Congrats to Manuel Neuer on his 100th Bundesliga win as a Bayern player & Mario Götze on his 100th overall BL win! Keep it up boys! 👍, Neuer: "We did everything we could to turn the game on its head."

Analysis & Reactions: fcbayrn.us/TSGFCBAnalysis, The UEFA Champions League draw is on Thursday. We've got you covered with all the info as soon as it happens in our newsletter.

Sign up now: fcbayrn.us/USNewsletter, Medhi Benatia is set for a spell on the sidelines after suffering a thigh injury during yesterday's win.

Get well soon, Medhi! You'll come back stronger than ever before!, A day late, but 3 points on the road don't make for a bad birthday gift, right Robert Lewandowski? ;), First road game of the season, first road win!

Mia San Mia!, FINAL SCORE

TSG 1899 Hoffenheim 1 - 2 FC Bayern Munich

3 more points, 1st road win! Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/ReportTSGFCB, LEWANGOALSKI with the goal to give Bayern the lead!!

TSG 1899 Hoffenheim 1 - 2 FC Bayern Munich, HALFTIME: TSG 1899 Hoffenheim 1 - 1 FC Bayern Munich 

Another 45 minutes to go! PACK MA'S!, GOOOOOAAAALLLL! Thomas Müller equalizes Hoffenheim's early lead in the 41st minute!

TSG 1899 Hoffenheim 1 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, KICKOFF in Hoffenheim - Watch live on FOX Sports 1

Volland with the goal for Hoffenheim 
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim 1 - 0 FC Bayern Munich, Our starting lineup vs. Hoffenheim - just one hour to go!

Neuer - Benatia, Robben, Costa, Alonso, Boateng, Götze, Lahm (C), Vidal, Müller, Alaba

PACK MA'S!, Matchday! ⚽ Your predictions for the first away game of the season?, FC Bayern Munich head to Hoffenheim tomorrow for the first away game of the season & look to grab their first road win.

Find out where to watch here: http://fcbayrn.us/WhereToWatchTSGFCB, David Alaba with a special serenade for birthday boy Robert Lewandowski 🎶🎶, Arjen Robben on the new Bundesliga season, and Pep and Manuel Neuer preview the first away match at Hoffenheim., Final training session ahead of #TSGFCB and at the center of it all - birthday boy Robert Lewandowski 🎂🎉, Happy Birthday, Robert Lewandowski (27)!, Xabi Alonso and Thiago Alcantara are working hard both on and off the pitch! Here's a glimpse into their German lessons. Lesson 1: Oktoberfest.
Click on 'CC' for subtitles!, Hey Bayern fans, jazz up your smartphone or tablet with the offical FC Bayern keyboard!
Download for Android for free: http://fcbayrn.us/FCBKeyboard, Robben: "I'm excited to get going again this season and to have fun on the field.", A year out with injury, adversity and the sheer will to come back. Check out the first of four episodes of Thiago Alcantara's documentary about his grueling recovery., It's #WorldPhotographyDay! Share your Bayern photos with us in the comments below! 📷, T-Mobile customers in the U.S.! You've got access to FCB.tv for 12 months for free - sign up now and don't miss a beat! http://www.fcb.tv/t-mobile, Magic with Thiago. ⚽ 🎩, New signings Arturo Vidal, Sven Ulreich, Joshua Kimmich & Douglas Costa try on some traditional attire!, New signings Arturo Vidal, Joshua Kimmich, Douglas Costa & Sven Ulreich suited up in different attire today - lookin' sharp in the lederhosen, fellas! 👌, Hojbjerg shines in yesterday's friendly vs. Dresden while new signings Arturo Vidal, Joshua Kimmich & Co. put on their lederhosen!, Arjen Robben, Arturo Vidal and Juan Bernat all scored with their left foot yesterday's friendly win against Dynamo Dresden - see for yourself in the highlights!, Thomas Müller & Co. were clearly having a good time in training this morning following yesterday's friendly win against Dresden 👍, MIA SAN MIA

Follow us on:
instagram.com/fcbayern
youtube.com/fcbayern
twitter.com/fcbayernen
twitter.com/fcbayernus
plus.google.com/+fcbayern
Snapchat: "FCBayernSnaps", Bayern in the Bay State! 

Read up on official FC Bayern Munich fan club Pack MASS and find out where to meet in Massachusetts: http://fcbayrn.us/FanClubProfilePackMASS #FCBayernUS, That'll do it! FC Bayern Munich wins the charity game against SG Dynamo Dresden 3-1.

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/MatchReportSGDFCB, GOOOOAAAAL for FC Bayern Munich - Müller to Bernat to make it 3-0 (74')!, Just came on and already on the scoresheet. Arturo Vidal makes it 2:0 for FC Bayern! (48'), HALFTIME in Dresden

SG Dynamo Dresden 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, GOOOAAAL! Hojbjerg to Robben to give FC Bayern Munich a 1-0 lead (17')., KICK OFF! SG Dynamo Dresden vs. FC Bayern Munich is underway, Following Friday's successful Bundesliga opener, FC Bayern Munich are away at SG Dynamo Dresden for a friendly. Pack ma's!

Starting lineup: Ulreich - Dante, Robben, Rafinha, Bernat, Götze, Rode, Lahm (C), Kimmich, Hojbjerg, Benko, Top of the table after matchday 1 - the perfect way to start the week. Happy Monday, everyone! #MiaSanMia, First match, first win!

Here's our next six Bundesliga games and where they will air on FOX Sports., Flying high! First Bundesliga game, first goal! 

Costa: "This club is fantastic. Playing here is a lot of fun." 
More: fcbayrn.us/CostaReaction, 300,000 LED lights, 16 million colors - the Allianz Arena's new features look incredible!, Müller: "We keep going even though we've won trophies in the recent past. We're more motivated than ever."

Analysis: fcbayrn.us/FCBHSVAnalysis, First game, 3 points! 👍, Super Costa! 

What a great Bundesliga debut for our Brazilian winger Douglas Costa! 👋, Bayern open up the season in impressive fashion and Thomas Müller reacts to the DFB Cup draw to Wolfsburg., Hey Thomas Müller, how many did we score today? 😁, What a draw!

FC Bayern Munich will travel to Wolfsburg in the second round of the DFB Cup. More info: fcbayrn.us/WolfsburgCup, Final score at  Allianz Arena! 

What a win to star tthe season! One of the biggest in league history! FC Bayern Munich 5 - 0 Hamburger SV

Match Report: fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCBHSV, HIGH FIVE! Douglas Costa makes it 5-0! (87')

FC Bayern Munich 5 - 0 Hamburger SV, MÜLLERED² (69' & 73')

FC Bayern Munich 4 - 0 Hamburger SV, GOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL at the Allianz Arena!
Thomas Müller nets it in after a great ball from Douglas Costa! (69').

FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 Hamburger SV, GOOOOAAAAALLL at the Allianz Arena!
Goalscorer: our no. 9 - Rooooooooooobert... 

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 Hamburger SV, HALFTIME at the Allianz Arena
FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Hamburger SV

Thoughts on the first half of the season opener?, GOOOOOOOAAAALLL at the Allianz Arena!
Great ball in by Alonso with a tidy finish by Benatia! (27')

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Hamburger SV, And we're off! The new Bundesliga season has officially begun at the Allianz Arena!
FC Bayern Munich vs Hamburger SV
PACK MA'S!, Here's our starting lineup to kick off the new Bundesliga season at the Allianz Arena!:
Neuer - Benatia, Lewandowski, Robben, Costa, Alonso, Boateng, Lahm, Vidal, Müller, Alaba, Here's where to watch our season opener on FOX Sports and with #FCBayernUS fan clubs around the country: fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBHSV, IT'S MATCHDAY! The Bundesliga is back!!

FC Bayern Munich vs. HSV, 2:30pm EST live on Fox Sports 2 and youtube.com/foxsoccer, Bundesliga ambassador Jens Lehmann stopped by the FC Bayern Munich U.S. office this week. What a great way to start off the Bundesliga season!, Bayern & Bundesliga --> tomorrow --> Fox Sports fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBHSV

Ready to press play? 😉, Boateng and Lahm talk about the season opener against Hamburg that is just one day away!, The stage is set at the Allianz Arena - less than 24 hours to go until the Bundesliga season opener!, Time for a warm-up! Alaba & co. are fired up ahead of #FCBHSV
Your predictions?, Just one day left! Bundesliga season opener FCB vs. HSV at the Allianz Arena is tomorrow at 2:30 pm EST!, The Bundesliga on FOX Sports kicks off this Friday!!! Here's where you can watch FC Bayern Munich' league opener in the US: fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBHSV  ⚽ ---> 📺, It's almost here - only TWO days left until the new Bundesliga season. Are you ready?, Holger Badstuber, David Alaba, Jérôme Boateng Official & Sinan Kurt send their greetings from Säbener Straße 👌, Caption this! 

We'll start: "Hey Douglas, how many goals are we scoring this season?" 😁, Sit-ups, push-ups, and planks - nothing like a good training session to start off the day ☀💪, 3 days to go until the Bundesliga kicks off on FOX Sports! Here's where to watch all Bundesliga games on TV and online for the first seven matchdays: fcbayrn.us/FoxScheduleFirst7, No day off for these guys - Thiago Alcantara and Sebastian Rode put in an extra shift today as they prepare to return to team training., Great news for U.S. T-Mobile customers - you can register and receive FCB.tv for FREE for 12 months! So what are you waiting for?!, MIA SAN MIA, Götze: “We’re primed for the new season."

How bout you guys? 😉, It's finally back...the BUNDESLIGA returns this Friday! 

Get all the info ahead of the season opener against HSV straight to your mail box with the FCB newsletter and enter a chance to win a signed FC Bayern shirt: fcbayrn.us/USNewsletter, Vidal gets his first FC Bayern goal, Kimmich on his first start and Müller has a special message before the Bundesliga start., With the Bundesliga kicking off in just a few days, the players are working hard at Säbener Straße in front of crowds of fans!, Lahm: "What mattered today was that no one got injured and we’re through to the next round."

Reactions: fcbayrn.us/ReactionsFCNFCB, He shoots, he scores!

Congrats to Arturo Vidal on his first competitive goal for FC Bayern!, Final whistle! FC Bayern Munich progress to the second round of the DFB Cup!

Match Report: fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCNFCB, Halftime! Commanding performance from the boys so far but Nöttingen are putting up a good fight!, And Lewy puts the team up 3:1! Great individual skill from Douglas Costa down the right side! (26'), Götze makes it 2:1 after a great assist from Vidal! (17'), TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR! Vidal ice cold from the spot to make it 1:0! (5'), Kickoff in Karlsruhe! PACK MA'S!, Here it is, our starting line-up in the first round of the DFB Cup! 

FC Nöttingen vs. FC Bayern Munich, 10:00am EST on ESPN Deportes & Watch ESPN, Matchday! DFB-Pokal! ⚽ Kickoff vs. Nöttingen at 10:00am EST

PACK MA'S!, "We’ll do the job and go through to the next round." Manuel Neuer is confident ahead of the Cup match tomorrow.

Match Preview: fcbayrn.us/PreviewFCNFCB, DFB-Pokal First Round tomorrow. FC Bayern Munich take on fifth-division FC Nöttingen. Fans in the US can watch on ESPN Deportes (US) & Watch ESPN @ 10am EST!, One bounce? No need for Douglas Costa, Thiago and Rafinha! 😉 Brilliant skill!, Manuel Neuer on the DFB Cup match tomorrow vs. FC Nöttingen, injury updates & more., Final training session ✔ 

Douglas Costa & the guys are ready for the DFB Cup match against Nöttingen tomorrow, DFB Cup action kicks off this weekend with FC Bayern Munich taking on FC Nöttingen in the first round on Sunday.

Find out where to watch in the U.S.: http://fcbayrn.us/WatchFCNFCB, FC Bayern Munich has a new vice captain!

Manuel Neuer will be vice captain starting this season with Thomas Müller next in line. Congrats, guys!, Arjen Robben on his vacation, his best moment at FC Bayern Munich & much more. The entire interview here: http://fcb.de/RobbenPortrait

Click 'CC' for subtitles!, FC Bayern Munich were back in training after Wednesday's Audi Cup win over Real Madrid. Preparations are now in full swing ahead of Sunday's DFB Cup game against FC Nöttingen., #FriendshipGoals, #TBT to the MLS All-Star game in Portland exactly one year ago today - 'like' if you were there with us!, Thrilling games, impressive saves, and great goals - check out the highlights from this year's Audi Cup, Our US youth partner, GPS, was in Munich to train with and play against our academy players. They also got a special visit from Julian Green: fcbayrn.us/GPSinMunich, #AudiCup2015 champions!, Thomas Müller: "We've done well and beaten two top teams." #AudiCup2015, Hopefully one of many more to come. Great job lads! 💪

Mia San Mia, FC Bayern Munich are the Audi Cup 2015 winners! Hopefully there will be a few more celebrations in May... 😉, That's it! FC Bayern Munich defeats Real Madrid 1-0 and wins the 2015 Audi Cup!

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCBRMA, HE'S DONE IT AGAIN - GOOOOOAAAAAL from Lewandowski in the 88th minute to make it 1-0 against Real Madrid!, It's halftime at the Allianz Arena! It's been an intense match so far, just missing goals now.

FC Bayern Munich 0-0 Real Madrid C.F., Our starting XI for the #AudiCup2015 Final vs Real Madrid.

PACK MA'S!, Audi Cup 2015 Final: FC Bayern Munich vs. Real Madrid - 2:45 pm EST, Happy 20th Birthday, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg!, FINAL SCORE:  FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 AC Milan 

FC Bayern Munich will face Real Madrid tomorrow in the Audi Cup final!

Match Report: fcbayrn.us/ReportFCBACM, And the goals keep on comin' - this time a beaut from Lewandowski!, GOOOOOAAAALL MARIO GÖTZE!!! (74'), HALFTIME: FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 AC Milan
Convincing performance in the first half, looking forward to the second!, GOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL from Juan Bernat! (23')
FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 AC Milan, FC Bayern Munich starting lineup vs. A.C. Milan #AudiCup2015 
PACK MA'S!, #ServusArturo! Arturo Vidal will take the field at the Allianz Arena for the first time in an FC Bayern Munich jersey today!, #AudiCup2015:
Real Madrid C.F. vs. Tottenham Hotspur (12:15 pm EST)
FC Bayern Munich vs. A.C. Milan (2:45 pm EST)

Watch live on ESPN 2, ESPN Deportes & Watch ESPN, Want to win a signed Mario Götze jersey ahead of the Audi Cup this week? 

Like, comment on and share this post by Wednesday and enter to win! And don't forget to watch the Cup on ESPN: fcbayrn.us/AudiCupESPN, Audi Cup starts tomorrow. Don't forget that you can watch on ESPN in the US. Click here for more info: fcbayrn.us/AudiCupESPN, Supercup, Arturo Vidal's debut, and preparation for the Audi Cup, Welcome back to team training, Dante! FC Bayern Munichbegin preparations for the #AudiCup and DFB Cup., Happy Birthday, Sven Ulreich (27)! 👍, Where to watch the first seven matchdays of the Bundesliga on FOX Sports including all FC Bayern games: fcbayrn.us/FoxScheduleFirst7, FC Bayern Munich's U-15 team has had quite an eventful few days in L.A., with a trip to the Fox Sports studio and great support from the Los Angeles fan club at yesterday's game! Thanks to adidas Soccer for a great week!, Watch the Audi Cup controlling a 360-degree camera from inside the Allianz Arena! Find out more here: http://fcbayrn.us/AuthenticVisitAudiCup15, Arturo Vidal made his debut in FCB colors yesterday - here's to many more!, Philipp Lahm on yesterday's Supercup loss: "We missed the chance to seal the deal and in the end we got punished."
More reactions: http://fcbayrn.us/ReactionsSC15, Win or lose, it's great to know that we have the support of the best fans in the world! 

Mia San Mia, FINAL SCORE: VfL Wolfsburg 6 - 5 FC Bayern Munich

Wolfsburg defeat FC Bayern Munich 5-4 on penalties after a 1-1 draw to win the Supercup
___________________________________
Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/MatchReportSC15, HE'S BAAAAACK! GOOOAAAALLLL for FC Bayern Munich by Robben after some great work down the wing by Douglas Costa!

VfL Wolfsburg 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, 0-0 at the break in Wolfsburg.

What are your thoughts on the first half?, The 2015 Supercup between FC Bayern Munich and VfL Wolfsburg is now underway! PACK MA'S!, Supercup: VfL Wolfsburg vs. FC Bayern Munich

LINEUP: Neuer - Benatia, Thiago, Lewandowski, Robben, Costa, Alonso, Boateng, Lahm (C), Müller, Alaba

Fans in the U.S. can watch on Fox Soccer Plus and Fox Deportes: http://fcbayrn.us/WtWSupercup, Only a couple of hours away from the first competitive match of the season and we'll be covering the game on all our social media - follow for updates!, Supercup: VfL Wolfsburg vs. FC Bayern Munich
What are your predictions?, The wait has finally come to an end - the first competitive game! 
Supercup: VfL Wolfsburg - FC Bayern Munich at 2:30 p.m. EST, FC Bayern Munich take on Wolfsburg in the Supercup tomorrow - find out where to watch in the U.S. & Canada: http://fcbayrn.us/WtWSupercup, Philipp Lahm, Manuel Neuer on the Supercup, and the team makes its final preparations., The Audi Cup is only a few days away and will be broadcast live on ESPN.  Details here: fcbayrn.us/AudiCupESPN, null, Arturo Vidal, Arjen Robben and the FC Bayern Munich guys are on their way to Wolfsburg for the Supercup!

Match preview: http://fcbayrn.us/MatchPreviewWOBFCB, It's been a week since FC Bayern Munich returned from China - check out the highlights in the China edition of FCB Shorts!, In his second column, Franz Beckenbauer discusses Bayern's pre-season, the new transfers and the emotional departure of Bastian Schweinsteiger: fcbayrn.us/BeckenbauerColumn2, Speaking of friends, a familiar face stopped by today - great seeing you, Pepe Reina!, Preparation for Saturday's Supercup clash in Wolfsburg is underway for the FC Bayern Munich players., Today is Friendship Day! Share your FC Bayern Munich friendship pictures in the comments below!, Our FC Bayern Junior Team U15s are training hard at adidas Soccer ESP in LA. They play MLS' best academy prospects this Saturday at 9:00am PST at Stubhub Center in Carson. Admission is free! #BeTheDifference, Watch Arturo Vidal's first training session as an FC Bayern player. Vamos Arturo!, Hey FC Bayern fans!

Get your Arturo Vidal FCB jersey here: fcbayrn.us/ShopVidal, First training with the team for Arturo Vidal! 💪

#ServusArturo, The Audi Cup is right around the corner and the matches will be broadcast live on ESPN. Check out when and where here: fcbayrn.us/AudiCupESPN, We're celebrating 3 million FC Bayern Munich fans on Instagram! Thank you!

In case you're not following us yet: instagram.com/fcbayern, Arturo Vidal signs for FC Bayern and Robben comments on his new teammate., #ServusArturo 

Welcome to FC Bayern Munich King Arturo!, Arturo Vidal is officially a member of the FC Bayern Munich family - his first impressions and thoughts after signing with the club, FC Bayern Munich's U15s have arrived in LA to compete against the best academy players in the US at adidas Soccer ESP. #BeTheDifference, #ServusArturo!

Arturo Vidal has signed a deal until 2019 with FC Bayern Munich. More details to follow. Read here: fcbayrn.us/VidalSigns, Watch the Audi Cup controlling a 360-degree camera from inside the Allianz Arena!

Email us at socialmedia@fcb.de with “Authentic Stadium Visit” in the subject for a FREE link to stream FC Bayern Munich vs AC Milan on August 4th., Vote for Manuel Neuer for UEFA.com Save of the Season for his save against AS Roma in the UEFA Champions League!

Vote here: http://fcbayrn.us/VoteNeuerSeasonSave, Welcome back, Mr. Wembley! 👍
Arjen Robben made his return to training today in front of hundreds of onlookers at an open training session., Follow us:
instagram.com/fcbayern
youtube.com/fcbayern
twitter.com/fcbayernen
plus.google.com/+fcbayern
Snapchat: "FCBayernSnaps", One of the best in the beautiful game meets a legend of the rap game - Jérôme Boateng Official with JAY Z, Start your engines!

Lewandowski, Götze, Alaba and Costa on the race track!, Rafinha Official, Xabi Alonso, Thiago Alcantara & Dante Bonfim hanging out during the weekend., The preliminary draw for the 2018 World Cup was held yesterday - see how the FC Bayern Munich internationals fared: http://fcbayrn.us/WC18PrelimDraw, Thomas Müller - a man of many faces 😜 #AudiFCBtour, Who is the best FC Bayern Munich golf player? Pep Guardiola, Philipp Lahm, Thomas Müller, Sebastian Rode or Sven Ulreich? via Audi Football, Guangzhou Style! Manuel Neuer & Thomas Müller in a special 2 vs. 2 - incredible views included!, Want to experience the Audi Cup as if you were at the game yourself? 

Email us at socialmedia@fcb.de with “Authentic Stadium Visit” in the subject for a chance to stream FC Bayern Munich vs AC Milan on August 4th controlling a 360-degree camera inside the Allianz Arena!, Thank you for a superb week and your amazing support both in China and online!, Hey Munich - miss us?

FC Bayern Munich are back from the #AudiFCBTour in China!, Thomas Müller looks back on the trip, highlights, and today's game in his final diary entry., Comments on Arturo Vidal to Bayern and highlights of the win against Inter Milan., Happy Birthday, Sinan Kurt (19)! 🎉, Final stretch of the #AudiFCBtour for Thiago, Costa & the guys - boarding in Guangzhou & back to Munich ✈, FC Bayern Munich reaches agreement with Juventus and Arturo Vidal: http://fcbayrn.us/VidalAgreement

Rummenigge: "I can basically confirm that we've reached an agreement with Juventus and the player. All that's missing is the medical and the signature.", FULL TIME: Guangzhou Evergrande defeat FC Bayern Munich 5-4 on penalties

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/MatchReportGZEFCB, HALFTIME! Guangzhou Evergrande 0 - 0 FC Bayern Munich
What did you make of the first half?, And they're off! Guangzhou Evergrande FC vs. FC Bayern Munich is underway!

Starting XI: Neuer (C) - Lewandowski, Rafinha, Boateng, Bernat, Götze, Rode, Kurt, Alaba, Kimmich, Hojbjerg

#AudiFCBtour #GZEFCB, Third city, third game, third win? 😉
Guangzhou Evergrande - FC Bayern Munich , kick-off 7:35 a.m. EST
Starting XI: Neuer (C) - Lewandowski, Rafinha, Boateng, Bernat, Götze, Rode, Kurt, Alaba, Kimmich, Hojbjerg
____________
Follow us on Twitter for updates: twitter.com/FCBayernEN, "But first, let me take a selfie..." 📷, FC Bayern Munich has arrived in Guangzhou and hit the ground running with their first training session earlier today, Extraordinary welcome for "Super-Bayern" upon their arrival at Guangzhou airport., Neuer is going to look great making saves in this! Get the new goalkeeper away kit here: fcbayrn.us/GKAwayKit1516, Ni hao, Guangzhou! FC Bayern Munich have arrived to an incredible reception on the last stop of their China tour. fcbayrn.us/GuangzhouArrival, Linkin Park were in the house yesterday to see FC Bayern Munich take on Inter Milan in Shanghai - thanks for stopping by!, Thomas Müller Video Diary Part III: game vs. Inter Milan, beating coach Pep Guardiola at golf, and meeting Linkin Park, FC Bayern on the piano! Some of the players got a private performance and lesson from world-renowned pianist Lang Lang. 🎵 🎶, Kung Fu master in training Mario Götze 👌, It's over! FC Bayern Munich gets a deserved win thanks to Mario Götze's goal. #AudiFCBtour #FCBFCIM

Match Report: fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCBFCIM, TOOOOOOR for FC Bayern Munich at last! Dream pass from Rode, Mario Götze rounds the keeper and bam! #FCBFCIM 1-0 (80'), Half-time FC Bayern Munich 0-0 F.C. Internazionale Milano

No goals yet but it's been a fun first half with some entertaining football, particularly from our new Brazilian! #AudiFCBtour #FCBFCIM, And they're off! FC Bayern Munich vs. F.C. Internazionale Milano is under way!

Our starting XI: Neuer - Benatia, Thiago, Lewandowski, Costa, Alonso, Boateng, Bernat, Lahm (C), Müller, Alaba
#AudiFCBtour #FCBFCIM, Greetings from Shanghai! Today's opponents are F.C. Internazionale Milano
____________
Follow us on Twitter for updates: twitter.com/FCBayernEN, A breathtaking view caps off another packed day in China after photo shoots, driving at the Audi race track, golf and more., Manuel Neuer Photobomb! Manu, Alonso, Martinez and Hojbjerg visited fans at the adidas store in Shanghai today., AUDI Night with a stunning backdrop of Shanghai! Even the players themselves seem impressed!, FC Bayern mania has hit Shanghai, prep for the Inter match and some players get behind the wheel on the race track!, #AudiFCBtour upcoming games: 
FC Bayern vs. Inter Milan (July 21, 8 a.m. EST)
Guangzhou Evergrande vs. FC Bayern (July 23, 7:35 a.m. EST), Good morning from Shanghai! The FC Bayern Munich players finished their afternoon training session ahead of tomorrow's game against Inter Milan, Thomas Müller Video Diary Part II - the Valencia game, his table tennis skills and Shanghai., First training session in Shanghai. ⚽

Preparation for the game vs Inter Milan: fcbayrn.us/TrainingShanghai, Müller & Lahm comment on the 4-1 win vs Valencia and the rest of the China tour., Introducing R&T, the new FC Bayern singing sensation!, Touchdown! The players arrived in Shanghai earlier today. We're quickly popping to the hotel before training. #AudiFCBtour, Skills challenge with Alaba, Alonso, Martínez, Green, Hojbjerg & target with Pep at the adidas Football Challenge in China., Presenting the boyband - R&T 😜 Stay tuned to youtube.com/fcbayern tomorrow to see this duo belt out some tunes & bust a move., The best of day 2 of the #AudiFCBtour including the match against Valencia, a riveting game of table tennis, and a karaoke duo set to take over the charts 😉, Thomas Müller and Philipp Lahm challenged some of the world’s best table tennis players in Beijing. Looks like they had fun! 
___________
Watch more here: http://fcb.de/TableTennis, YES 👌! FC Bayern beat FC Valencia 4-1.

#AudiFCBtour #MiaSanMia

Match Report: fcbayrn.us/ReportValencia, HALF TIME in Beijing! FC Bayern lead 2-1 thanks to Müller's brace (16', 45+1') #AudiFCBtour, GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAL! What a finish from Müller!  

#FCBVCF 1-0 (16') #AudiFCBtour, FC Bayern - FC Valencia

Let's get the #AudiFCBtour off to a good start, guys!

FC Bayern XI: Ulreich - Benatia, Thiago, Costa, Rafinha, Alonso, Bernat, Rode, Lahm, Müller, Alaba, Thomas Müller gives us his first thoughts of China on day one of his video diary! Click "CC" for Englihs subtitles., FC Bayern Munich's China Tour officially kicked off with the first training session and press conference with Pep, Boateng & Lahm., Ni Hao! FC Bayern Munich arrived at Beijing airport earlier today and got an incredible reception - goosebumps!   #AudiFCBtour, Eid Mubarak to all our fans in the US celebrating!, FC Bayern Munich took off for their China tour today. Safe trip lads! #AudiFCBTour ✈

Full roster & schedule here: fcbayrn.us/ChinaTour, Next stop, China! Off to Beijing  See you on the other side! ✈, Media Day at  FC Bayern Munich for the 2015/16 Team Photo! Everyone say cheese! 😁 📷, 2015/16 Team Photo

#MiaSanMia, Quickfire questions with FC Bayern Munich's new goalkeeper! Sven Ulreich talks about his move to FCB. Hit "CC" for English subtitles.
___________
Watch his full Q&A at fcb.de/UlreichPortait, Arjen Robben answers your Facebook questions including his favorite player growing up, his goals this season and more: fcbayrn.us/RobbenQA, Holidays in the US? What team and player does he want to face most this season? Jérôme Boateng Official answers your Instagram questions. #askBoa, Neuer and Co. doing goalkeeper training on a lovely Munich day. ☀ ⚽, The bags are packed and ready for tomorrow! FC Bayern Munich are heading to Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou for the Audi Summer Tour in China #AudiFCBtour

Full summer schedule: fcbayrn.us/SummerSchedule2015, "For me, it’s not just about staying at the top but also taking it up a level and improving for the team" - FC Bayern Munich and Germany defender Jérôme Boateng Official is determined to keep improving., Another intense training session ahead of the new season - if you missed it, you can watch the whole thing again at fcb.de/LiveTraining14715!, Götze talks about physicals, team presentation, Robben Q&A, and FCB gear up for their summer tour in China., Endurance, reaction time, and jump tests! Manuel Neuer, Douglas Costa, Mario Götze & co. undergo fitness tests, Welcome to Säbener Straße! We'll be broadcasting a live training session with Manuel Neuer, Mario Götze & the crew at 11 a.m. EST - don't miss it!, Cross from the left, quick control, shot with the left into the far corner. GOOOOOAL! Mario Götze wins the World Cup for Germany!, Join us LIVE tomorrow at 11:00am EST as Neuer, Götze & Co. hit the training pitches. Stream the training session live here: fcb.de/LiveTraining14715, It's fitness-test time for the Bayern boys today! 💪

Follow 'FCBayernSnaps' on Snapchat for more clips and behind-the-scenes action. Trust us, it's worth it!, null, July 13, 2014: One year ago today, six FC Bayern Munich players started at the Maracanã in Rio in the dramatic final of the World Cup. One more Bayern player came on to score in extra time and, well, the rest is history 😉🏆⚽, ☀  ⚽ and FC Bayern Munich! Check out the highlights from our Fan Fest in Miami. #FCBayernUS  B|, Fans try to score on Manuel Neuer, special musical guests and more - highlights of the Allianz FC Bayern Munich Team Presentation., Welcome to FC Bayern Munich, Douglas Costa, Sven Ulreich, and Joshua Kimmich! 👏, So that's that... Borussia Mönchengladbach have finished third in this year's Telekom Cup. They beat FC Bayern Munich 4-3 on penalties. The game had finished 0-0., A late turnaround means that FC Augsburg will be contesting the Telekom Cup final. Thiago opened the scoring for FC Bayern Munich but FCA won 2-1.

FC Bayern face Borussia Mönchengladbach in the third place play-off at 11:30am EST., Telekom Cup 2015 is under way: FC Bayern Munich vs. FC Augsburg

Aufstellung: Ulreich - Thiago, Costa, Rafinha, Alonso, Rode, Lahm (K), Kurt, Müller, Alaba, Steinhart

Thiago makes it 1-0 after great work from Douglas Costa in the seventh minute!, 17 years, 20 trophies: http://fcbayrn.us/DankeBasti

Thanks for everything, Basti. All the best - see you soon! #DankeBasti, FC Bayern Munich players comment on Schweinsteiger leaving and the Team Presentation at the Allianz Arena., Mia san mia!, Arjen Robben on the funniest guy at FC Bayern Munich: "Thomas Müller - he never stops talking!" 😜, Bastian Schweinsteiger is set to join Manchester United: http://fcbayrn.us/RummeniggeFCBDay1

Karl-Heinz Rummenigge: "Bastian wants to try something new towards the end of his career. He asked me to fulfill this wish."

#DankeBasti, Today's the day - it's #FCBDay1!

Plenty in store at the Allianz Arena including the team presentation, training, and FC Bayern Allstars vs. Inter Forever later on.

Follow live on YouTube here! http://fcbayrn.us/FCBDay1Live, Welcome to FC Bayern, Douglas Costa! Here's a peek at his first training session., David Alaba seems to like it 👍

Order the new 2015/16 away kit here: http://fcbayrn.us/AwayKit1516, Jérôme Boateng Official will answer your questions via video on Instagram this Saturday! So get your phones out and upload your video using #askboa on IG!, The new away kit is out now! Available here: fcbayrn.us/AwayKit1516, Celebrate away wins in style - the new FC Bayern Munich 2015/16 away kit

Available online now: http://fcbayrn.us/AwayKit1516, One-time opportunity! What have you always wanted to ask Arjen Robben? Post your questions in the comments and with a bit of luck, he will answer them during #FCBday1 on Saturday.

You can watch the live stream from the Allianz FC Bayern team presentation here: fcb.de/FCBday1Live, Medhi Benatia on his way back to Munich - safe travels, Medhi! ✈, "Day off? Never heard of it" - Arjen Robben put in an extra shift today. No pain, no gain! 💪, With just 36 days to go until the Bundesliga kicks off, we sat down with coach Pep #Guardiola to discuss preseason, new signing Douglas Costa and the upcoming friendly matches. Press "CC" for English subtitles., Saturday is finally the day: After the Allianz FC Bayern team presentation, our FC Bayern Legends featuring Butt, Makaay and van Buyten will take to the Allianz Arena pitch to go head-to-head with Vieira, Chivu, Zanetti & Co. of F.C. Internazionale Milano's All-Star team Inter Forever! #FCBday1, History was made one year ago today. Germany scored  7 x ⚽  past Brazil to reach the World Cup final and Miro Klose became the all-time top scorer. 

Next stop --> 🏆, The first seven Bundesliga fixtures have been scheduled. The Bundesliga will be broadcast on FOX Sports this season. Tune in!

More: fcbayrn.us/BundesligaOpeningFixtures, #FCBayernUS fans are enjoying their summer. Post your #FCBSummer photos in the comments!  B| 🌴 ☀, We're back with FCB.tv News! Preseason work, recent signings, and the Allianz team presentation this Saturday!, Robben vs Thiago went all in at training today. 💪, Getting ready for the new season! Thiago, Robben & Co. were busy doing dribbling and shooting drills. ⚽, It's only Tuesday, but Saturday can't come soon enough - the Allianz FC Bayern Munich team presentation is only four days away!, Hundreds of fans + over 90° heat + training = perfect morning! 😉 #MiaSanMia, It's a bird...it's a plane....it's....SuperManu! Manuel Neuer Sweeper Keeper extraordinaire!, FC Bayern Munich and US youth partner GPS held their inaugural summer camps in South Carolina & Maine this past week. Four players impressed enough to go for a trial to Munich! 

More: fcbayrn.us/GPSYouthCamps, Today is World Kiss Day!

Who would you like to a send a 😘 to?, Going full throttle into the new week! 👍, Javi Martínez, Thiago Alcantara and Co. got a rest today. A busy week awaits the team: intense training sessions and the return to the Allianz Arena for the "Team Presentation" next weekend., It isn't just hot in Munich - post your own #FCBsummer photos in the comments. We'd love to share them! ☀ B|, Mario Götze threw out the first pitch at the Los Angeles Dodgers game Friday night. Trading ⚽ for  ⚾ his time in the US. 😉, #MiaSanMia 😘 😜 B|, One year ago today, Germany beat France to reach the semifinals of the World Cup. Oh the memories!, Sprinklers to the rescue! This is how you cool off in 90+ degree heat! ☀ 💦, Fourth of July Special! 15% off at our online store ! Use the code below to redeem: fcbayrn.us/July4thFCB, null, Happy Independence Day to all our amazing fans #FCBayernUS fans! We hope you have a great day! #IndependenceDay, A behind-the-scenes look at FC Bayern Munich's Photoshoot!, From NYC to Rome to the Middle East,  Berni was well traveled in the last 12 months and has seen quite a lot. 🐻 ☀ 🌴 ✈, Medical check-ups for FC Bayern Munich ✓

Check out more behind-the-scenes pics by adding "fcbayernsnaps" on Snapchat!, Munich is sizzling today for training. Players making sure to stay hydrated. ☀ 💦, Speed Court, Jumps & Endurance - the FC Bayern players did some intense performance testing today

For more exclusive video, check us out on Snapchat at "fcbayernsnaps", Douglas Costa gives his first interview as an FC Bayern player.

Click "CC" for English subtitles, The 2015/16 season is finally up and running!! 

The players are back in training and we caught up with Robben, Alaba & Co. at their fitness tests and Guardiola's first press conference of the new season., null, Mia San Mia!, Pep is looking forward to the new season: "We're eager to get going, but first we need to stay calm and train."

How are you preparing for the new season?, Welcome to FC Bayern Munich, Douglas Costa! 👍

"I'm happy to wear the shirt." fcbayrn.us/DouglasCostaInterview, Oh snap -  FC Bayern Munich is now on Snapchat! Follow us at "FCBayernSnaps" for exclusive behind-the-scenes content!, FC Bayern Munich have begun preparations for the 2015/16 season! In case you missed it, you can watch the entire opening training session again here: fcb.de/ReLiveTrainingStrart, Want to train with the FC Bayern Munich youth coaches at our training ground and meet the stars in person?

Apply now for the 2015 Allianz Junior Football Camp: http://fcbayrn.us/AJFC15, DONE DEAL: Douglas Costa has signed a contract at FC Bayern Munich until 2020 and will wear the number 11!  More: fcbayrn.us/DouglasCosta

Costa's first appearance will be on July 11 at the Allianz FC Bayern team presentation., A quick sip of water in the summer heat and we're right back at it!

Catch the entire first training session here:  fcb.de/TrainingStartLIVE, Manuel Neuer was the star of the show one year ago today as Germany beat Algeria to reach the World Cup quarter-finals in Brazil., Berni is ready for the start of training tomorrow! Are you as excited as him? Stream it LIVE at 11:15 CEST or catch the full replay at fcb.de/TrainingStartLIVE, Post your predictions for Germany vs USA and win a signed ball by our FC Bayern Frauenfußball World Cup players! Match is tonight at 7:00pm EST. #Titeltraum

Melanie Leupolz has a special message for Bayern fans. ;), What a weekend for Daniel Cavalcanti from the West Palm Beach fan club. First his team won our fan club tournament in Miami and then Paul Breitner selected him to take part in the Paulaner Cup to play against our first team! Congrats!, FC Bayern Munich announce another big milestone - with over 80 official US fan clubs we set a record and have more than any other European team!!

A big thanks to all the #FCBayernUS fans! 👍
More: fcbayrn.us/RecordFanClubs, Finally, the wait is almost over!

FC Bayern Munich kick off their pre-season training on Wednesday at 11:00 CEST and you can watch it LIVE or catch teh full replay later on youtube.com/fcbayern, Training is in sight - t-minus 3 days 😎, The countdown continues - only 3 days left til training starts up again for FC Bayern Munich!

Look the part like our boys: http://fcbayrn.us/TrainingGear1516, Got what it takes to #BeatNeuer? Our no. 1 has a special challenge for you..., We had a great time today at our Fan Fest in Miami! Thanks to all the FC Bayern Munich fans and Norwegian Cruise Line for an unforgettable experience! #FCBGetaway, Happy #NationalSunglassesDay 😎, Flying high with Neuer, Boateng, Lahm & co. 😉, Congratulations to Germany and our FC Bayern Frauenfußball players on their dramatic win against France and reaching the FIFA Women's World Cup semifinals! Up next is the USA on Tuesday! #Titeltraum

Read more here: http://fcbayrn.us/FCBWGERFRA, Miami will be red and white today at our Fan Fest. Hundres of FC Bayern Munich fans will soon board the Norwegian Cruise Line Getaway. The view is not bad either.  B|  ☀ 🌴  #FCBGetaway

Live coverage on our twitter: twitter.com/FCBayernUS, One year ago today, Thomas Müller and Germany beat the #USMNT 1-0 at the World Cup to top their group...one game closer to the final!, The latest in our series: FC Bayern Legends assemble!

Featuring Breitnigge, Der Kaiser, Der Bomber, and Der Titan. 

Truly superhuman., Kahn, Beckenbauer, Müller - GOAL! 50 years of Bundesliga in one FC Bayern Munich move., FC Bayern Frauenfußball's Melanie Behringer has a message for FC Bayern fans in the U.S. ahead of today's FIFA Women's World Cup quarterfinal #GERFRA. #Titeltraum

Good luck to Mel, Melanie Leupolz, Leonie Maier, Lena Lotzen & Sara Däbritz!, The 2015/16 Bundesliga schedule has been revealed! FC Bayern Munich will open the new campaign on August 14th with a home game at the Allianz Arena against HSV: fcbayrn.us/BLSchedule1516, June 26, 1965 - 50 years ago today FC Bayern Munich was promoted to the Bundesliga - and has been making history ever since: http://fcbayrn.us/BLPromotionSeriesV, "That's how it all began, and it's still going strong.", What do you think was the best FC Bayern Munich performance of the season?, Stay cool this summer with some fresh FCB gear: fcbayrn.us/StayCoolFCBShop ☀ B|, Enjoy the #FCBsummer, guys! Just like our players. ☀ B|, How it all began!, In his first US column, Franz Beckenbauer talks about the FIFA Women's World Cup, FC Bayern Munich's season and the growth of soccer in America. fcbayrn.us/BeckenbauerColumn1 #FCBayernUS, Train with the FC Bayern Munich youth coaches at the official training ground and meet the stars in person at the 2015 Allianz Junior Football Camp!

Apply now: http://fcbayrn.us/AJFC15, Remember this one? Xabi Alonso and Dante Bonfim take on the Freekickerz in a free-kick challenge. Find out which duo put away the most set pieces: po.st/FCBvsfreekickerz, Happy Birthday, David Alaba (23)!, FC Bayern Legends training. Can you name the Bayern players in this video?, There was a special visitor at the FC Bayern Munich US office today. Jérôme Boateng Official stopped by and left with a nice souvenir. ;), All the best in Naples, Pepe Reina! Gracias por todo!

The Spanish goalkeeper is leaving FC Bayern Munich and returning to SSC Napoli - Official Page, Just one week left! Have what it takes to play vs FC Bayern Munich? Register for a chance to become a member of the Paulaner Dream Team! 
  
Apply until June 30 at www.paulaner-cup.com, MIA SAN MIA!, Friday marks 50 years since FC Bayern Munich were promoted to the Bundesliga. We take a look back here: fcbayrn.us/BLPromotionPartI, Join FC Bayern Munich U.S. at the annual Kicking & Screening Soccer Film Festival in New York this Friday, June 26 for the U.S. premiere of "A Life For Football", the story of FC Bayern Honorary President Kurt Landauer. The festival kicks off this Tuesday.

Get your tickets here: http://fcbayrn.us/TicketsFCBatKS, Rest up, boys! ☀ 🌊 #FCBsummer, One year ago today, Mario Götze and former FC Bayern Munich striker Miroslav Klose scored for Germany against Ghana at the 2014 World Cup. Klose's strike tied the record for most goals scored at the World Cup., Happy Father's Day!, Let's get ready foooor FCB "Bucket" Ball!

Check out the best videos of the season:
http://fcb.de/BestVideos1415, In honor of #WorldMusicDay, here's our own experts in that field - Dante & Rafinha!, #WorldMusicDay is being celebrated across the globe and the guys are of course joining in!  B|  🎧 🎵, U.S. Open Championships material?

Thomas Müller and Philipp Lahm got some swings in at this year's Young Wings Charity Golf Cup., Germany and many of our FC Bayern Frauenfußball players take on Sweden in the Round of 16 of the FIFA Women's World Cup today at 4:00pm EST. 

Best of luck!!!! #TitelTraum #GERSWE, FCB Top 5: What player has played the most games, who scored the fastest goals, and who was the youngest scorers. Check out our video to see who we're talking about!, Pucker up! 

Happy National Kissing Day 💋, LewanGOALski! ⚽

Our other comics. fcbayrn.us/Alaboom & fcbayrn.us/AlonsoUntouchable, Cycling, golfing, and bball... how are you guys getting ready for the new season?, Registration for our Fan Fest in Miami is now open! We want to see you celebrate with us: fcbayrn.us/FanFestRegistration

More info on the event & hotel accommodations: fcbayrn.us/FanFestInfo 🌴 ☀, Slice of brilliance! Claudio Pizarro grabbed the winner for Peru as they beat Venezuela 1-0 at the 2015 Copa America in Chile. Nice one, Pizza!, Deserved vacation time for our players! ☀ 📷 🌴, As part of our #PhotoOfTheDay on Instagram we've been looking back at some wonderful FC Bayern Munich moments. Which image sticks in your mind the most?

More pictures can be found at: instagram.com/fcbayern, Train like a pro with FC Bayern Munich coaches for 6 days in Munich. Join us at the Allianz Junior Football Camp!

More details: fcbayrn.us/AJFC15, Our players don't just listen to music, they dance to it too! 😜 🎧, 👍 FC Bayern Munich

Mia San Mia, Goal celebration - Thiago style ;), Can't wait for the new season? Here's something to tide you over: All the events over the #FCBsummer - make sure to jot them down!, The Paulaner Cup is all about fan involvement and the passion for FC Bayern Munich. Justin from Texas knows what we mean. Watch this awesome video and show us what you got at www.paulaner-cup.com, We want to say THANK YOU for 30 million Facebook Fans! #MiaSan30Million, Mario Götze on the #NBAFinals, whether he's rooting for the Cleveland Cavaliers or the Golden State Warriors and how he'll spend his summer vacation in the US., One year ago today, Thomas Müller scored a hattrick against Portugal as Germany won their opening game at the 2014 World Cup. ⚽ ⚽ ⚽, Sven Ulreich: "I want to play my part in bringing success." We chatted with the new FC Bayern Munich goalkeeper.

His first appearance in the Allianz Arena will be at the team presentation on 11th July. Get tickets: fcb.de/TeamPresentationTickets, FC Bayern Munich has signed Sven Ulreich to a three-year contract through June 2018. Welcome, Sven! 
More: fcbayrn.us/WelcomeSvenUlreich, null, 30 million on Facebook! Thank you for your incredible support, FC Bayern fans! #MiaSan30Million, Season Snapshots - Xabi Alonso had a memorable first season with FC Bayern Munich including a record-breaking game in the league where he was virtually... untouchable..., Join us in Miami on the 27th as we celebrate with Bayern fans around the country. We'll have special guests and a fan club tournament. More details here: fcbayrn.us/FanFestInfo #FCBGetaway, There's only one Titan. Happy 46th Birthday, Oliver Kahn!, It's Monday morning and it's raining in Munich - but why should that get us down! Have a great start to the week! ✌, After an outstanding season, Arjen Robben was voted FC Bayern Munich Player of the Season for a second year running!

Congrats, Arjen! fcbayrn.us/RobbenPOTY, An incredible afternoon at Old Trafford saw the Manchester United Legends beat an FC Bayern Munich AllStars side featuring Paul Breitner, Maurizio Gaudino, Roy Makaay, and many other familiar faces 4-2.

Match Report: http://fcbayrn.us/ReportMUNFCBLegends, Make your dream come true and play against Lahm and co. The stars of FC Bayern Munich are waiting for you. Apply now at www.paulaner-cup.com, The man who scores faster than his shadow! ;)

Robert Lewandowski scores the fastest hattrick in Euro qualification history (4 minutes). Roundup of FCB players in Euro 2016 qualifiers over the weekend: http://fcbayrn.us/Euro16QualiRoundup, One, two, three! 

Robert Lewandowski netted a four-minute hat-trick against Georgia. Incredible! 💪💪💪, FULL TIME! Gibraltar 0 - 7 Germany

#GIBGER #DieMannschaft, And we're off! Gibraltar vs Germany #GIBGER

Starting XI: Weidenfeller - Rudy, Boateng, Hector - Schweinsteiger (C) - Herrmann, Özil, Gündogan, Bellarabi - Götze, Schürrle., Bastian Schweinsteiger captains Germany today. Mario Götze & Jérôme Boateng Official also start in the EURO Qualifier vs Gibraltar. #GIBGER #DieMannschaft, LOL moments of the season with Pizarro, Lahm, Schweini, Müller  & Co. 😜, Germany coach Löw confirmed that Boateng will start in the EURO qualifier against Gibraltar tomorrow: fcbayrn.us/BoatengDFBStart

Match is at 2:45pm EST Saturday, June 13, We'll be presenting you the best moments of the season at the start and end of each week. Stay tuned! 😜 👍 📷

Part I of our Comic Series is already available her: http://fcb.de/Alaboom, How will you be spending your #FCBSummer? ☀🌊
Post your FC Bayern holiday pictures in the comments!, Ranches, rodeos, and FC Bayern!

In the tenth installment of our #FCBayernUS fan club profile series, we hear from the FC Bayern Munich Fan Club of Texas. Read here: http://fcbayrn.us/FanClubProfileTexas, 83 years ago today (June 12, 1932), FC Bayern Munich celebrated its first championship! Since then, well, you know ;) #RekordMeister, #TBT to Basti and Lahm's first year as national team players. Oh the memories., Bastian Schweinsteiger, Mario Götze, Jérôme Boateng Official on the way to their important European Qualifiers match against Gibraltar on Saturday. ⚽ ✈, Did you see Götze's goal yesterday at #GERUSA? Are you good enough to play against him and all our stars? 😉

Apply for the Paulaner Cup until June 30th and make your dream com true. Register at www.paulaner-cup.com, Records, records, and more records! 

In part 2 of our 2014/15 season review, we look back on significant accolades for Manuel Neuer, David Alaba and Arjen Robben, as well as numerous Bundesliga records.

Watch the full video on YouTube: youtube.com/fcbayern, Congrats, Arjen Robben! You voted the Dutchman as your FC Bayern Munich Player of the Season for the second year in a row!

Get your customized Robben jersey here: http://fcbayrn.us/RobbenJerseys, DFB Cup first round 2015/16: FC Nöttingen vs. FC Bayern Munich, Full-time in Cologne as the #USMNT recorded a historic win against #DieMannschaft. Schweinsteiger played 45 minutes and Götze 73. #GERUSA, Half-time between Germany and the US. Mario Götze with the goal for Die Mannschaft. #GERUSA, Die Mannschaft vs USMNT for the first time since the World Cup. #GERUSA

Don't miss it: fcbayrn.us/GERUSA, Welcome back, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg! 

More on the Dane's return to FC Bayern: http://fcbayrn.us/HojbjergReturn, Legend! Nine years ago Philipp Lahm scored the first goal of the 2006 FIFA World Cup in the Allianz Arena., Alabooooooom!!! David Alaba took his free kick game to another level!

Stay tuned for more Season Snapshots! 👍, Happy Birthday, Miroslav Klose (37)! 

All-time World Cup and German national team scorer! via FC Bayern Legends, What a season! In Part 1 of our 2014/15 Season in Review, we look back at some of the most memorable FC Bayern Munich moments and goals., Happy #NationalBestFriendsDay! 👍, Bastian Schweinsteiger, Mario Götze and the German national team preparing for the match against the USMNT on Wednesday. #GERUSA, Train with the FC Bayern Munich youth coaches at the official training ground and meet the stars in person at the 2015 Allianz Junior Football Camp!
 
Apply now: http://fcbayrn.us/AJFC15, FC Bayern Frauenfußball captain Melanie Behringer and newcomer Sara Däbritz scored as Germany recorded the second-biggest win in FIFA Women's World Cup history to start their campaign - 10:0 vs Ivory Coast! #Titeltraum 👍

More: fcbayrn.us/GermanyWinsOpener, Start of the international break for FC Bayern Munich - good luck with your teams and stay healthy guys!, Our players are enjoying their deserved time off in many different ways. ☀ B| 🌴, Game 2 of the #NBAFinals is on today. This reminds us of FC Bayern shooting some hoops. They're not bad, we promise.  

Watch more here: fcbayrn.us/BayernShootingHoops, The FIFA Women's World Cup kicked off this weekend. FC Bayern Frauenfußball will have 11 players represented in Canada: fcbayrn.us/FCBatWWC

Bayern's Eunice Beckmann will be covering the tournament from Germany's camp. Use #TitelTraum to follow along and send us any questions and comments for Eunice to answer!, Make yourself heard! Who was your FC Bayern Munich Player of the Season?

Vote now and you could win 1x2 VIP tickets for a home game in the first half of the 2015/16 season, as well as one of three of the winning player's shirts, signed!!! Vote here: fcbayrn.us/PlayeroftheYear1415, In 10 years of Allianz Arena, FC Bayern Munich celebrated 5 Bundesliga titles. Here are some of the best shots of our celebrations. Good times! #10yAA, We're celebrating all #FCBayernUS fans on June 27 in Miami. Join fellow fans and special guest and FCB legend Paul Breitner for a day of fun! 

More details here: fcbayrn.us/FanFestInfo, #NeuerTheWall 🙌 💪, The Allianz Arena has seen some incredible fan choreography over the years. Here is some of the best. #10yAA, Whether a morning run or kicking the ⚽ around with your friends, you can do it in the all new 2015/16 training gear: fcbayrn.us/TrainingGear1516, David Alaba taking in the Golden State Warriors' win in Game 1 of the #NBAFinals 🏀, Summer is coming! ☀ 🌴 B| 

Here's a look at how some of the FC Bayern Legends spent their summer holidays over the years. How will you be spending yours? Send us your holiday pics if you're taking an FCB kit with you and we'll share the best!, Congratulations to FC Bayern Basketball on reaching the finals after a dramatic win yesterday- with Atlanta Hawks' Dennis Schröder eagerly watching on.

Highlights of the game here: http://bit.ly/FCBB_highlights., #NBAFinals start today. Our very own Philipp Lahm is quite the basketball fan. Here he is on staying up late in Germany to watch games, having a league pass and the NBA team he follows., Basti enjoying some 🎾 at ROLAND-GARROS this week before joining the German national team for their friendly against the US next week., Luca Toni scored 58 goals for FC Bayern Munich. This past weekend he became the oldest top scorer in Serie A at the age of 38! Bravo, Luca! #TBT, FC Bayern Munich have enjoyed the odd goal fest with their fans at the Allianz Arena over the last decade. Here's a look at some of the biggest home wins down the years! #10yAA, Happy Birthday to assistant coach Hermann Gerland (61)!, Another year gone, but he certainly won't forget this last one! 

Happy 23rd Birthday, Mario Götze!, Go behind the scenes of FC Bayern's youth academy. See where the players are housed and the philosophy of developing young players.. 

More from our Säbener Tour: fcbayrn.us/InsideFCBayern, Some incredible goals have been scored at home over the last 10 years. Here are some of the best. Remember these?

For more, head over to the Allianz Arena. #10yAA, What a cracking line-up! FC Bayern Munich will be joined by Real Madrid C.F., A.C. Milan & Tottenham Hotspur at the #AudiCup 2015 on August 4 & 5: fcbayrn.us/AudiCup2015LineUp

Get your tickets here: fcb.de/AudiCup, Mario Götze turns 23 years old today.

👍 = Happy Birthday!, Season Snapshots - the always entertaining Thomas Müller 😜, null, Thomas Müller as goalkeeper, dribbler, a surprise beer shower and all the funniest moments of the season for your viewing pleasure!, Now it's over to you! Who was your FC Bayern Munich Player of the Season?

Vote now and you could win 1x2 VIP tickets for a home game in the first half of the 2015/16 season, as well as one of three of the winning player's shirts, signed by him. Vote here: fcbayrn.us/PlayeroftheYear1415, "It feels good. It’s my first title. I came to Bayern to win titles" - one year at FC Bayern Munich and already a champion. We spoke to Medhi Benatia about his first season with FCB.

Full interview: fcbayrn.us/InterviewBenatia, 2 years ago today... #MiaSanTreble!

You can see more pictures on our FC Bayern Legends page., Mark your calendars #FCBayernUS fans! Come join us on June 27th in Miami for a memorable day of fan activities and special guests! 

More info here: fcbayrn.us/FanFestInfo, 640 goals, 16+ million attendees, 3 million gallons of beer. A lot has happened at the Allianz Arena in 10 years.

More facts & stats: fcbayrn.us/AAFacts, The best fan choreography over the 10 years at Allianz Arena! Thanks for all the great support! #10yAA, Our captain Philipp Lahm has played in the Allianz Arena for 10 years. See what his most memorable moments were. Share your own with #10yAA on our Facebook, Twitter or Instagram and win VIP tickets for the Allianz FC Bayern Team Presentation: http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/club/-10yaa/, Happy Birthday Allianz Arena!

What has been your highlight over the 10 years at the AA? Post with the hashtag #10yAA and you could win a signed jersey:
fcbayernmunich.com/us/club/-10yaa/, Summer is almost here.  B|  ☀
Time to get dressed for the occasion. 
New Home Kit: fcbayrn.us/ShopHomeJersey1516, Register now and play against FC Bayern Munich 
www.paulaner-cup.com

Take your chance in the Paulaner Cup 2015: Philipp Lahm, Arjen Robben, Bastian Schweinsteiger, Xabi Alonso and Co. are looking forward to playing against you., An extra-special musical review of the season - Florian König has captured the sounds of the season in an unbelievable track., FC Bayern Munich's US youth partner, GPS, participated in this year's FC Bayern Youth Cup. For the kids, it was a trip of a lifetime!, Have a great holiday, boys! 🌴 ✌ 🌊, Here's part 2 of our interview with Manuel Neuer. This time he talks about the many internet memes made about him and what outfield player at Bayern makes the best goalkeeper., Neuer set a new Bundesliga record with 20 clean sheets in a single season! He did it in style with the brand new 2015/16 Goalkeeper available in our store now: fcbayrn.us/GoalkeeperKit1516, Latest Move of the Week can only be one thing - Lewandowski surprising Basti with a nice cold beer shower!   ☔

See more #MiaSanChampions videos here: fcb.de/TitleCelebration, Manuel Neuer on his unique style of play, looking ahead to the new season and taking part in a game show: fcbayrn.us/NeuerInterview, 10 years Allianz Arena! Our stadium is celebrating its 10-year anniversary this coming weekend. Post your AA-highlights on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram using #10yAA and enter a chance to win a trip to the Allianz Team Presentation and a signed jersey!, 40 years ago today, FC Bayern won the European Cup for the second time. FC Bayern Legends "Bulle" Roth and Gerd Müller were on the score-sheet. #TBT, FCB Anaheim's own Adam Harold represented the US at the Allianz Arena this past weekend and sang the team's anthem "Stern des Südens" on the field!, Schweinsteiger & Boateng were called up for Germany's game against the US  next month. More on FC Bayern players on international duty here: fcbayrn.us/IntlCallups, FC Bayern Munich and T-Mobile offer users in the US free access to the club's premium subscription channel, FCBTV. 
Click here for more details: fcbayrn.us/FCBtvTMobile, Manuel Neuer on this past season and riding public transportation in Munich in part 1 of this exclusive interview.

Catch the entire interview on www.FCB.tv, null, FC Bayern Munich launches online fan shop on Tmall Global for fans in China: http://fcbayrn.us/FCBShopTmall, Fashionably Bavarian. Which Spaniard wore it better? 😁, Players go on holiday and return to training on July 1st. Check out the schedule for all of FC Bayern's summer friendlies, training and more: fcbayrn.us/SummerSchedule2015, Team USA had a great time at the FC Bayern Youth Cup on Sunday at the Allianz Arena, a six-team tournament including the US, Germany, Austria, Japan, China & Thailand.

More: fcbayrn.us/FCBYouthCup, No matter how late or early it is where you are, there's never a bad time for a Humba Täterä with Thomas Müller!, #MiaSanChampions

Champions gear here: fcbayrn.us/ChampionsMerch1415, That's what we call a Champion Selfie. 😜 📷 #MiaSanChampions

Got your own #FCBayernSelfie? Let's see it!, Mia San Champions! Success for FC Bayern Munich means one thing: Beer showers!, 2 years ago today, these players became FC Bayern Legends! 
🏆x5, ♫ ♪ FC Bayern, Forever Number One ♪ ♫

Here it is, the #MiaSanChampions table!, It was a great weekend of partying for FC Bayern from the team dinner and concert to the massive public celebration., Double Championship - Highlights from the celebration in front of 20,000 fans.

Champions gear here: fcbayrn.us/ChampionsMerch1415, One of the highlights of the ceremony yesterday in the Allianz Arena: The superstars Imagine Dragons presented by our main sponsor Telekom. Enjoy some impressions of the concert here!, 500 games, 20 titles, 13 years with FC Bayern Munich

Congratulations on your milestone appearance, Fussballgott!
More: fcbayrn.us/Schweini500, #MiaSanChampions party at the Postpalast!  

Featuring the record champions, the best league trophy in the world and a surprise for chart-topper OMI, presented by Dante as the players got their dance on!, SUPER MANU!

FC Bayern Munich's season-closing 2-0 win over Mainz 05 means Manuel Neuer has set a new club and personal record: 20 personal clean sheets this season and the club's 22nd. Even more cause for celebration!, The celebration continues... all the way to the locker room, Mia San Champions – thank you for your incredible support from around the world! And now, let's celebrate!, GERMAN CHAMPIONS 2014/15! And now it's time to celebrate!, There it is!!! ♪ ♫ FC Bayern, forever number 1! ♪ ♫, MIA SAN MEISTER! Let the celebrations begin!

FINAL SCORE at the Allianz Arena: FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 1. FSV Mainz 05

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCBM05, GOOOOOOAAAAAAAL at the Allianz Arena!!!!!
Bastian Schweinsteiger scores in his 500th competitive game to make it 2-0!!!
Mia san mia!!!, HALFTIME at the Allianz Arena!

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 1. FSV Mainz 05

Lewy gives Bayern Munich the lead in front of the FCB legends who've come to celebrate the championship alongside the team., GOOOOOOOOAAAAALLL at the Allianz Arena!!!
Robert Lewandowski scores from a penalty & makes it 1:0!, ♪ ♫ Deutscher Fußballmeister, FCB! ♪ ♫
Flowers for Bastian Schweinsteiger's 500th game & 71,000 cardboard Meisterschalen for the crowd.
And now we're underway at the Allianz Arena!, And the final starting lineup of the season! #MiaSanChampions, Champion schedule at the Allianz Arena!

First the game ⚽
Then lifting the trophy 🏆
Then the party 🎤🎸🎉, Fan clubs across the country will meet for the last match of the season and join in celebrating FC Bayern's 25th Championship title. 

Find out where you can watch: fcbayrn.us/WheretoWatch, The players representing the U.S. team at the FC Bayern Youth Cup finished their third training session at the FC Bayern Munich training ground. After training they watched the first team practice ahead of the Bundesliga game against Mainz 05 on Saturday at the Allianz Arena.

Bayern Munich, the Bundesliga and SAP wish the team luck and lots of fun these last few days in Munich!, Calling all FC Bayern fans in the New York area! 

Head down to Paulaner this Saturday to watch FC Bayern Munich take on Mainz and celebrate our record 25th German Championship with drink specials, trivia, and giveaways!, In this FCB.tv News: FC Bayern look forward to celebrating their 25th Championship title, and Manuel Neuer receives two "Player of the Year" awards., Plenty of excitement ahead of this #MiaSanMeister weekend! 🏆🎉🎆

Saturday: festivities kick off immediately following the final whistle, so make sure to stick around if you're at the Allianz Arena!

Sunday: party at Marienplatz! Or follow live here: http://fcbayrn.us/Celebration2015live

All the celebration info here: http://fcbayrn.us/CelebrationInfo, Last training session of the season with Kung-Fu-Müller & Co. 😜

Maybe you can strike a pose like that in the new kit: fcbayrn.us/ShopHomeJersey1516, "I wouldn't put Thomas in goal. Basti either." ;)

Who then, Manu? Find out next week in our exclusive interview with Manuel Neuer., The US team for the FC Bayern Youth Cup left last night with training already scheduled today in Munich. The kids will represent the US over the next couple of days at the Allianz Arena playing against teams from Germany, China, Japan, Austria and Thailand. Good luck to the team!, FC Bayern Munich are heading to China this summer for the 2015 Audi Summer Tour where they'll play some preseason friendlies against Valencia CF, Inter Milan and Guangzhou Evergrande.

More here: http://fcbayrn.us/SummerTourChina, Great turnout at the training session today. You can watch the entire session back here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1Ge1ivbx1M, ☁ ⚡ in Munich today but great news! David Alaba joined team training today for the first time after his injury! 

Raining in your city also? Get the new training jacket and training gear here: fcbayrn.us/TrainingGear1516, Manuel Neuer is the newly crowned European and World Athlete of the year for 2014! Congrats, Manu! 🏆 👏

His new GK kit is now available in our store: fcbayrn.us/GoalkeeperKit1516, #MiaSanMeister - for the 25th time! This weekend FC Bayern Munich will have double the fun and will celebrate their title along with Women's champions FC Bayern Frauenfußball!, The 1980's were a glorious period of domestic success for FC Bayern. Part II of our 25 titles series focuses on the golden 80's: fcbayrn.us/Titles1980s, The perfect video to get you motivated today - David Alaba working hard for his comeback!, Take a trip through history as we celebrate FC Bayern's 25 championships. In Part I we take a look at the first five, "From Dustbowl to Bomber" fcbayrn.us/First5Titles, Mia San Mia in new gear!

Get yours here: fcbayrn.us/ShopHomeJersey1516, David Alaba came in on his day off to keep working hard ahead of his comeback 💪 Keep up the good work, David!

Find out more about his day here: fcbayrn.us/AlabaExtraTraining, The annual Audi Cup will once again take place at the Allianz Arena on August 4th and 5th. FC Bayern will face some of the best teams in the world, among them this year Real Madrid!

More: fcbayrn.us/AudiCup2015, Good morning, FC Bayern fans! We hope you have a great start to the week., FC Bayern Munich and youth development partner GPS are continuing to grow the collaboration through monthly exchanges. Read more about the latest developments here: http://fcbayrn.us/FCBGPSCollaboration, Boateng: "We want to put on a show. We owe that to our fans." 

FCB frustrated after avoidable defeat: fcbayrn.us/AnalysisSCFFCB, Historic date: On 17th May 1974, FC Bayern Munich beat Atlético de Madrid 4-0 to win the European Cup for the first time! It was a replayed final, with "Katsche" Schwarzenbeck's late-second strike ensuring the first meeting ended in a draw..., null, FINAL SCORE in Freiburg: SC Freiburg 2 - 1 FC Bayern Munich

Match Report: fcbayrn.us/MatchReportSCFFCB, HT in Freiburg, TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR in Freiburg!

Bastian Schweinsteiger puts it away after a great setup from Mitchell Weiser! 1:0 (13')., Here's our team to face Freiburg:

Neuer - Alonso, Benatia, Lewandowski, Rafinha, Boateng, Bernat, Götze, Rode, Weiser, Schweinsteiger (C)

Bench: Lucic - Thiago, Martinez, Pizarro, Gaudino, Lahm, Müller., Good morning, Bayern fans! Our last away match of the season is today against SC Freiburg.

We'll be wearing our new home jerseys for it as well which you can order here: fcbayrn.us/ShopHomeJersey1516, You want the ⚽? Come and get it! Check out the best FC Bayern 5 Rondos from the second half of the season., Lahm on the win against Barcelona and looking ahead to a strong finish to the season. Also a look at our new 2014/15 home kit!, Looking to go out on a high note - watch our last away match of the season using fuboTV., Anticipation rising ahead of the last away game of 2014/15! #MiaSanMeister, #MiaSanMeister!

All you need to know about the championship celebrations in Munich: http://fcbayrn.us/CelebrationInfo, Thanks to our partner DHL the first starter packs are on their way to our Starting XI fan clubs. Looking to join or start a fan club? Visit fcbayrn.us/FindFCBFanClub, #TBT to some of the most memorable encounters against Freiburg ahead of FC Bayern Munich's last away match this season., And the winner of our Step Into German contest to send a lucky fan and his friends to Munich for a week is........, Dear fans in US, all Bayern fans around the world are celebrating their German Champions! Show us how you've been enjoying the Bundesliga title festivities around the country and send your pics and videos to facebook@fcb.de or via #MiaSanChampions., 33 goals! Never before has FC Bayern Munich scored as many goals in a Champions League season as in this past campaign, though there are plenty of memorable CL goals in Bayern's history. Which one is your favorite?, Check out the players' locker room in our behind-the-scenes tour of Säbener Strasse. More parts of FCB's headquarters here: fcbayrn.us/InsideFCBayern, Mia san 29 million - you guys are simply FANtastic! Thank you for all your support!, Red. Love. Passion.

The new FC Bayern Munich home jersey is now available: http://fcbayrn.us/ShopHomeJersey1516, null, We're proud of our players and our fans. We'll be back! 

Mia San Mia, Win or lose.....

We leave the Champions League with our heads held high with the best fans in the world - no matter where you supported from, THANK YOU!, Final score: FC Bayern Munich 3 - 2 FC Barcelona

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCBFCB2, GOOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL for FC Bayern Munich!!!! Müller makes it 3:2 (74')!!!, GOOOOOAAAAAALLLL for FC Bayern Munich!!!! Lewandowski makes it 2:2 (59')!!!! Keep at it guys!!!, Halftime at the Allianz Arena
FC Bayern Munich 1 - 2 FC Barcelona, GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLLLLLLL for FC Bayern Munich!!!!!! Medhi Benatia scores in the 7th minute for the 1:0 lead!, And we're underway in Munich! PACK MA'S!!!, Here's our starting lineup against Barcelona:

Neuer - Alonso, Benatia, Thiago, Lewandowski, Rafinha, Boateng, Bernat, Lahm, Müller, Schweinsteiger, Warm up ✓
Anticipation ✓

Time for the players to have lunch and do some regenerative work before a team meeting to go over tonight's plan., MATCHDAY @ Allianz Arena! #NeverGiveUp

FC Bayern Munich vs. FC Barcelona, "We’ll give it everything and keep believing" - Müller

Mia San Mia, In this FCB.tv News: FCB women make history while the men prepare to take on Barcelona at home in the semifinals of the Champions League., Final training session before FC Bayern Munich vs FC Barcelona.

PACK MA'S!, FC Bayern Munich vs. FC Barcelona
May 12, 2015 2:45 p.m. EST

MIA SAN MIA!, Monday morning: Coffee ✓ Newspaper ✓ Table ✓

Now it's full focus on FC Bayern Munich vs. FC Barcelona!, "We have to give everything we've got. We'll battle to the end." Full focus on the UEFA Champions League and FC Barcelona now., "Red, Love, Passion" is the slogan of our new home jersey for next season. What do you guys think of it? 

Preorder your own here: fcbayrn.us/ShopHomeJersey1516, GERMAN CHAMPIONS 2015! 

Congratulations to FC Bayern Frauenfußball on their first title in almost 40 years! Incredible! #MiaSanMeister

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/FCBWNewBLChamps
Reactions: http://fcbayrn.us/FCBWTitleReactions, Our new home jersey for the 2015/16 season was unveiled today. Get your very own now in our online store: fcbayrn.us/ShopHomeJersey1516, Happy Birthday, Jupp Heynckes (70)!, Saturday was an eventful day for FC Bayern Munich

New home jersey unveiled: fcbayrn.us/HomeJersey1516
Derby vs Augsburg: fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCBFCA
Special exhibit for Kalle, Bomber & Kaiser at Erlebniswelt: fcbayrn.us/LegendsExhibit, FINAL SCORE: FC Bayern Munich 0 - 1 FC Augsburg

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCBFCA, HALFTIME

FC Bayern Munich 0 - 0 FC Augsburg

What did you make of the first half?, KICKOFF

We're underway with FC Bayern Munich sporting the new home jerseys! PACK MA'S!, The players have arrived at the Allianz Arena. Here's our starting lineup against FC Augsburg: 

Reina - Dante, Thiago, Lewandowski, Boateng, Bernat, Götze, Lahm, Müller, Weiser, Schweinsteiger, MATCHDAY

Pep: "We will give our very best for our fans - we owe it to them."

FC Bayern Munich vs. FC Augsburg, In this edition of FCB.tv News: A look back at FC Bayern's week while looking ahead to tomorrow's Bavarian derby against FC Augsburg, ICYMI: earlier this week, FC Bayern Munich announced a media partnership with Univision Deportes to broadcast FC Bayern Munich Magazine in Spanish-language. More here: http://fcbayrn.us/PartnershipFCBUDN, Bayern fans around the world are celebrating their German Champions! Show us HOW and WHERE you've been celebrating the Bundesliga title and send your pics and videos to facebook@fcb.de or by using the hashtag #MiaSanMeister, Sebastian Rode is back doing running exercises!

Eight FC Bayern players in total put in an extra shift training at Säbener Straße today on their day off - great work, guys!, 11 years of Berni! Congrats to our BEARy dear friend and mascot 🐻 Here's to another 11 and more!

For more Berni check out facebook.com/fcberni, Watch and vote for your favorite FC Bayern video and send a lucky fan and his friends on a trip of a lifetime! 

Vote now: http://fcbayrn.us/StepintoGermanFCB, #TBT to FC Bayern Munich's final home game of the 2012/13 season against this weekend's opponent, Augsburg. 
The result? A 3-0 win for Bayern. Oh and being crowned Bundesliga champs. The title has been secured this season as well, but the bierdusche will have to wait just a little while longer ;), Public training at Säbener Straße & some good news! David Alaba completed some running exercises today for the first time since his injury.

Keep on going, David! #ComeBackStronger, null, FINAL SCORE: FC Barcelona 3 - 0 FC Bayern Munich

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCBFCB1
Reactions: http://fcbayrn.us/ReactionsFCBFCB1, And off we go with the second half! LET'S GO! #PACKMAS, HALFTIME at Camp Nou. Time to take some deep breaths.

Thoughts on the first half?, HERE WE GO! #PACKMAS!, The stage is set. Are you ready?! #PACKMAS

#FCBFCB, Just one hour til kick-off!

Here's our starting lineup against FC Barcelona: Neuer - Alonso, Benatia, Thiago, Lewandowski, Rafinha, Boateng, Bernat, Lahm, Müller, Schweinsteiger

PACK MA'S!, Pep Guardiola vs. FC Barcelona: A special game, but the goal remains the same: http://fcbayrn.us/PepBarca #packmas, MATCHDAY! 

Manuel Neuer: "We won't hide" - and we're right behind you, boys! PACK MA'S!

FC Barcelona vs. FC Bayern Munich, 2:45 p.m. EST, A special edition of FCB.tv News with Manu Neuer and Co. from Camp Nou ahead of tomorrow's Champions League clash against Barcelona., For some at FC Bayern Munich like Thiago, returning to Barcelona means more than just business: http://fcbayrn.us/ThiagoHomecoming, Less than 24 hours to go...

...are you ready?

FC Barcelona vs. FC Bayern Munich, Hello Barcelona! 

FC Bayern Munich have landed. Now it's off to the hotel before the press conference and final training session., Next stop: Barcelona!

Sebastian Rode unfortunately is not traveling with the team - get well soon! More here: http://fcbayrn.us/EnRouteToBarca, Fans from all over the world will be watching the game against Barcelona on Wednesday. Let us know where you'll be watching from!, Pepe Reina gives his first interview in German - gut gemacht, Pepe! ;)

Click on "CC" for subtitles in English & watch the rest here: https://youtu.be/8wGy8H6bRoI, Berni has arrived in Barcelona and is already winning over some of the locals ;), All smiles as preparations are underway for Wednesday's Champions League encounter between FC Barcelona and FC Bayern Munich. 
Let the anticipation begin!, #MayThe4thBeWithYou 

More on CL prep updates & the man behind the mask: http://fcbayrn.us/LewyMask, Good morning, FC Bayern fans! One last glance at the Bundesliga table before preparations begin for FCB vs. FCB - pack ma's! 💪, Götze: “We’ll move on quickly... We’re totally focused on Wednesday.”, History, exhibits, trophies - take a tour through FC Bayern's big club museum at the Allianz Arena, Thomas Müller ahead of #FCBFCB: "We're capable of anything - we want to win there.", Welcome back, Javi Martínez! Nice to see you back on the pitch!  #MiaSanMia, David Alaba is ready for Floyd Mayweather vs. Manny Pacquiao.

Are you guys watching? #MayweatherPacquiao #FightoftheCentury, Which #FCBayernUS fan made the best video to win him a trip to watch the team in Munich and meet the players? You decide!, FINAL SCORE: Bayer 04 Leverkusen 2 - 0 FC Bayern Munich

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/MatchReportB04FCB, HALFTIME in Leverkusen:
Bayer 04 Leverkusen 0 - 0 FC Bayern Munich

Thoughts?, KICK-OFF in Leverkusen! 

Pack ma's!, Welcome back, Javi Martínez! Here's our line-up in Leverkusen:

Neuer - Dante, Martinez, Rafinha, Pizarro, Gaudino, Götze, Lahm, Weiser, Schweinsteiger, Strieder.

Bench: Reina - Alonso, Benatia, Thiago, Bernat, Kurt, Görtler

Predictions?, Matchday - pack ma's!  💪 ⚽, A friendly game of ⚽️🎾 at Säbener Straße: Pizarro & Schweinsteiger against Reina & Neuer., FC Bayern play Bundesliga top match in Leverkusen with Barcelona only four days away. Huge matches coming up!, As Holger Badstuber is recovering in Colorado, we along with all the #FCBayernUS fans are sending our best wishes and a speedy recovery! We are with you! #GetWellSoonHolger

Share your own messages with Holger in the comments below!, Rainy final training session. Together, we can take on the challenges ahead. Pack ma's!, Plenty of fond memories of  FC Bayern Munich in Leverkusen - any in particular for you?, We have a big game next week. Exactly two years ago we were also in Barcelona for a big match. We believe in you! #TBT, 10 Years Allianz Arena! 

Our beautiful home was handed over to the club 10 years ago today: fcbayrn.us/10YearsAllianzArena, German Champions 2014/15!, 1, 2, 3, boom, GOAL!  David Alaba's free kicks & more - watch the rest here: http://fcbayrn.us/AlabaPortrait, The Denver Nuggets' Kenneth Faried stopped by a FC Bayern Basketball game with David Alaba last weekend. ⚽ +  =, Beverly Hills, beaches, and FC Bayern! In our latest fan club profile, we hear from #FCBayernUS fan club FC Bayern München Los Angeles - Official Supporters Club:  fcbayrn.us/FanClubProfileLA, We will always stand behind you. 

Mia San Mia, null, Win a trip with FC Bayern Munich to Barcelona – register for the Paulaner Cup by 1st May: www.paulaner-cup.com

Fly in the same plane with the players, cheer on Bayern in the stadium and experience the official team banquet after the match. Register now for your chance to win this once in a lifetime opportunity., German Champions 2014/15!, Like = get well soon, boys!

Arjen Robben: Torn left calf muscle, season over.
Robert Lewandowski: Broken upper jaw and nose, concussion as well.

Silver lining - All-clear for Thiago Alcantara.

More here: http://fcbayrn.us/InjuriesFCBBVB, A bitter pill to swallow, but we still have a chance to get to Berlin, and we want to take it! #RoadToBerlin, We're proud of you! Thanks for your support and remember, the #RoadToBerlin isn't over yet..., It just wasn't meant to be....keep your heads up everyone!

Match Report: fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCBBVB, We're going to penalties!, Extra-time it is! Keep your fingers crossed. Come on lads! You can do it!, Half-time at the Allianz Arena - our lads are leading 1-0 against Dortmund after Lewandowski's 23rd goal this season.

Thoughts so far?, TOOOOOR for FC Bayern Munich from our Number 9 - Rooooooobert ____________! (30')

FC Bayern 1 - 0 Borussia Dortmund, Great choreography from the FC Bayern Munich fans at the Allianz Arena before the match.

Ribery and Robben as Batman and Robin. 😜, null, FC Bayern Munich vs. Borussia Dortmund

And we're off! 

Live-Tweets: twitter.com/fcbayernen
Live-Bilder: instagram.com/fcbayern, The team have arrived at the Allianz Arena and the line-up is in. Welcome back to the squad, Arjen Robben!

FC Bayern Munich vs. Borussia Dortmund, 2:30pm EST, The boys have taken to the training pitches to put the final touches on preparations for tonight's game. Robben, Schweinsteiger and Müller are all raring to go!

FC Bayern Munich vs. Borussia Dortmund, 2:30pm EST, null, The final step on the #RoadToBerlin. The DFB Cup final awaits. PACK MA'S!

FC Bayern Munich vs. Borussia Dortmund, 2:30pm EST, #MiaSanChampions

Get all your German Champions merch at our online store., Bayern celebrate their 25th German Championship and Robben & Pep ahead of the DFB Cup semi-final against Dortmund., Welcome back, Medhi Benatia!  And with a cheeky backheel finish! ;), 24 hours to go until our DFB Cup semi-final! Pack ma's!

FC Bayern Munich vs. Borussia Dortmund

Match Preview: fcbayrn.us/PreviewFCBBVB, Is there a better way to start your week than by taking a look at the #MiaSanChampions table? We think not! 🏆, Good morning, #MiaSanChampions!, 🏆x25, Thomas Müller skills, Bastian Schweinsteiger can't stop laughing & Philipp Lahm's crossbar challenge., We can be happy not just about the title but also because we have Arjen Robben and Medhi Benatia back in training!, German Champions 2014/15!, null, Mia San Champions 2014/15!, null, Good morning, FC Bayern fans! We'll all be looking to see what happens in Gladbach today. If Wolfsburg fail to win against Borussia Mönchengladbach, then it means #MiaSanChampions!, David Alaba and Medhi Benatia working hard on their comeback!  💪 💪 

PACK MA'S!, FC Bayern Munich equalled the 2012/13 record of 21 clean sheets in the Bundesliga! 

Thumbs up from Basti! ;) 👍 👋, Let's hear it! Vote for your Man of the Match in the win vs Hertha!, YEEEEESSSS!!!!

FC Bayern Munich have all but wrapped up the 25th Bundesliga title!

Match Report: fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCBBSC
Reactions: fcbayrn.us/ReactionsFCBBSC, Toooooooooooooooooooooooor by Bastian ___________ 
FUSSBALLGOTT! Set up brilliantly by Weiser!

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Hertha BSC, Half-time at the Allianz Arena:

FC Bayern Munich 0 - 0 Hertha BSC. 

Fun fact: 9 German players in Bayern's starting XI today, first time in a Bundesliga game in 16 years., And we're off in the Allianz Arena!

'We live' - 13 kids who have benefited from organ donors came out with the team today.

Live match updates: www.twitter.com/fcbayernen
Photos: www.instagram.com/fcbayern, Our lineup to chase the 25th Bundesliga title!

And welcome back to the matchday squad, Javi Martinez!, 3 points today and the Bundesliga title is all but ours. Pack ma's!

FC Bayern Munich vs. HERTHA BSC, 12:30pm EST, Move of the week: Pepe Reina's perfectly-executed bicycle kick!, Bayern can clinch the title this weekend. The players had a great time preparing for the Berlin match. 

Preview: fcbayrn.us/PreviewFCBBSC, FC Bayern vs FC Barcelona - European heavyweights clash in epic Champion League semi-finals!, Hey #FCBayernUS fans! Bayern has a chance to wrap up the Bundesliga title this weekend and you can stream the game against Hertha Berlin live online using fuboTV., "We’ll do everything we can to get through and play for the European crown in Berlin." - Thiago Alcantara & Co. on the Champions League semis vsFC Barcelona: fcbayrn.us/ReactionsBarcaDraw

If it's anything like last time..... ;), CL Semifinal: FC Bayern Munich vs. FC Barcelona 
More info: http://fcbayrn.us/FCBdrawBarca

First leg in Barcelona: May 6th
Second leg in the Allianz Arena: May 12th

#RoadToBerlin, Throwback to FC Bayern's biggest-ever win against Hertha Berlin back in 2012. A certain Arjen Robben with a hattrick. #TBT, Chorus of praise for "world class" Thiago: fcbayrn.us/ThiagoPraise, Tomorrow is the draw for the CL semi-finals. Who will it be?
 
FC Bayern Munich vs _____________, Want to add a little Müller to your life? ;)

Enter to win an autographed jersey: fcbayrn.us/WinTM25, Devastating news: Holger Badstuber is injured again! Thigh muscle tear, operation required, 3-4 months on the sidelines.

Like = get well soon, Holger!, The #RoadToBerlin continues! In fact, all roads lead to Berlin this coming week...

Friday: UEFA Champions League semifinals draw
Saturday: FC Bayern vs. HERTHA BSC (Bundesliga)
Tuesday: FC Bayern vs. Borussia Dortmund (DFB Cup semis), Goalkeeper training also includes a little bit of soccer tennis - with Manuel Neuer and Pepe Reina. ;)  ⚽ 🎾, Müller became Germany's record Champions League scorer, Bayern became the first team to score 5 first-half goals in the Champions League....

An incredible game of football....have you recovered from the drama yet?, That's how you welcome back your teammate after so many months out! 

A big round of applause for Javi!, More great news! Javi Martinez is back in team training! Arjen Robben and Medhi Benatia are also working on their comeback. Keep going, lads! 💪, 5 scorers, 6 goals, 1 unforgettable night. Mia san mia!, You said "Never Give Up" and the team always believed!

Thanks for your great support! MIA SAN MIA, Let us know who you think was the standout player., ♫ SUPER BAYERN! SUPER BAYERN! HEY! HEY! ♫

FC Bayern Munich 6 - 1 FC Porto, SEMIFINALS HERE WE COME! INCREDIBLE COMEBACK!

FC Bayern Munich 6 - 1 FC Porto

Match Report: fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCBFCP, JAAAA! Xabi Alonso with a perfect free kick (88') 

FC Bayern Munich  6 - 1 FC Porto, HALF-TIME 

FC Bayern Munich 5-0 FC Porto

That escalated quickly, U-N-B-E-L-I-E-V-A-B-L-E !!!!

5-0, null, MÜLLERED! (36') Who else? 

FC Bayern Munich 4 - 0 FC Porto, LEWANGOOOOOOOOOOALSKI! WOW! 

CAN YOU BELIEVE IT!?! 3-0!, BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAATENG! (22')

UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!

FC Bayern München 2 - 0 FC Porto, null, YEEEEEEEEEEESSS TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR !!!!!

THIAGOOOOOOO (15')

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 FC Porto, PACK MA'S - NEVER GIVE UP!

Live match updates: www.twitter.com/fcbayernen
Live photos: www.instagram.com/fcbayern, Come on lads! You can turn this around! PACK MA'S!

FC Bayern Munich vs. FC Porto, Together, we can do it. Pack ma's!

FC Bayern Munich vs. FC Porto, 2:45pm EST, Pep: "It won't be easy, but I'm 100% optimistic that we'll do it" - Pack ma's!!!

FC Bayern Munich vs. FC Porto, 2:45pm EST, Happy Birthday, Mitchell Weiser (21)!, Hear from Lahm, Müller & Pep ahead of the biggest game of the season. 

Lahm: "The team is on fire, the team wants it and we have the unconditional support of our fans.", Together, we can reach the semi-finals. Pack ma's!, Final training session for Lahm, Schweini and Co. before the biggest game of the season! 

You can do it lads!, Road to Berlin! 🏆, Fans all over the world will be watching events unfold at the Allianz Arena tomorrow - where will you be following FC Bayern Munich vs. FC Porto?

Check out where to watch: fcbayrn.us/WatchFCBFCP, We're even further out in front in the Bundesliga, but our focus now is fully on FC Porto!, #FCBayernUS fans took the trip of a lifetime and visited Munich to experience FC Bayern up close and personal., "These players have big hearts. We want to show the world what we can do on Tuesday." 

We need your support this week! Mia San Mia 👍, Great news!

Bastian Schweinsteiger is back training with the ⚽!!!, "We believe in ourselves" - The countdown begins!

FC Bayern Munich - FC Porto, April 21, 2:45pm EST Allianz Arenal, We lose together, we win together - Thank you for all your support!

Mia San Mia  <3 👍, FINAL SCORE in Hoffenheim: TSG 1899 Hoffenheim 0 - 2 FC Bayern Munich
Goals: Rode (38'), Beck (90', OG)

Match Report: fcbayrn.us/MatchReportTSGFCB, GOOOOOOOOOAL in Hoffenheim!
TSG 1899 Hoffenheim 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, KICK-OFF in Hoffenheim!, Our LINE-UP in Hoffenheim:
Neuer (C) - Dante, Lewandowski, Rafinha, Gaudino, Bernat, Götze, Rode, Müller, Badstuber, Weiser
Substitutes: Reina - Alonso, Thiago, Pizarro, Boateng, Kurt., It's Matchday! Today's mission: To take a big step towards retaining the title., HALF-TIME in Hoffenheim: TSG 1899 Hoffenheim 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich
 A good 45 from FC Bayern. Controlled the play and a goal to boot. More of the same please! How did you see the first half?, Legend Franz Beckenbauer was in New York as FC Bayern announced a partnership with MSN and a monthly column on the US website: fcbayrn.us/BeckenbauerAnnouncementUS #FCBayernUS, Three more wins to defending the Bundesliga title! 🏆 💪

Where to watch: fcbayrn.us/WatchTSGFCB  #FCBayernUS, TSG Hoffenheim vs. FC Bayern Munich April 18th @ 9:30am EST., Sheer concentration ahead of Hoffenheim. Pack ma's!, Happy Birthday, Medhi Benatia (28)!, FC Bayern thanks Dr Hans-Wilhelm Müller-Wohlfahrt 
fcbayrn.us/PressReleaseMuellerWohlfahrt, First it was Dante, now it's  Javi Martínez and FC Bayern Basketball's Paul Zipser's turn to see who can pull off the best soccer alley-oop. Who did it better? ⚽ 🏀, FC Bayern have never lost to Hoffenheim. Remember their first-ever encounter? A last-minute winner from Luca Toni!  #TBT, Arjen Robben, David Alaba and Javi Martínez are working hard on their form at the Säbener Straße training facilities.
Keep going, guys!, "We’ll need a top performance – and we’re capable of one." Mia san mia!, "With our fans, we’ll give it a go in the return and won’t give up easily.”

Stick together! Mia San Mia, FINAL SCORE

FC Porto 3 - 1 FC Bayern Munich

Match report: http://fcbayrn.us/MatchReportFCPFCB
Reactions: http://fcbayrn.us/ReactionsFCPFCB, Thiago pulled one back! 45 Minutes left!

Keep fighting lads!, ♪ ♫ The Chaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaampions ♪ ♫ PACK MA'S!

Live pictures: www.instagram.com/fcbayern
Liveticker English: www.twitter.com/fcbayernen, Our starting XI for the match against Porto

MIA SAN MIA, Behind the scenes with FC Bayern Munich ahead of the Champions League quarter final in Porto., Warm-up session ahead of FC Porto vs. FC Bayern Munich. The players are fit and in good spirits. Pack ma's!, FC Porto vs FC Bayern Munich

Pep: "We need to put in a top performance - defensively and offensively.", FC Bayern face a big challenge against Porto with a depleted squad but the players are showing amazing team spirit., Final training session before FC Porto vs FC Bayern Munich

Match Preview: fcbayrn.us/PreviewFCPFCB, "“I’ll fight till I drop to be back again as soon as possible.”

Robben working hard on his comeback. 💪, FC Porto vs. FC Bayern Munich

Just 24 hours until kick-off!, Bom dia! Getting ready for FC Porto vs. FC Bayern Munich - day 2., FC Porto vs. FC Bayern Munich

Wednesday, April 15 @ 2:45pm EST, Professor Pep in action. 🎓 ⚽, Boa tarde! The players have landed in Portugal! 

Getting ready for FC Porto vs. FC Bayern Munich - day 1., Porto, here we come! FC Bayern looking pretty spiffy in their custom-tailored Giorgio ARMANI outfits on their way to Portugal 👌, Ribéry and Schweinsteiger won't be on board against Porto: http://bit.ly/SchweinsteigerRiberyCL

Like = Get well soon, Franck and Basti!, Good morning, FC Bayern fans! :) Here's to a good start to a busy week - 70 points up top and FC Porto await on Wednesday!, Go inside FC Bayern Headquarters in Munich, the team's service center, travel agency and fan shop. More videos here: bit.ly/InsideBayernHQ, Through the Make-A-Wish foundation, 15-year-old William Stuhlreyer from California got a special experience at the Allianz Arena this weekend: bit.ly/USFanVisit #FCBayernUS

He even got to meet some players after the game! ;), #Müllered, W̶i̶n̶t̶e̶r̶  Spring is coming! Get your FCB gear for the warmer weather! bit.ly/ShopFCB, FCB Shorts - Not to be taken too seriously ;), "I need to keep scoring, as that's good for me personally and for the team." 
We're all for it, Lewa 👍, This week's move: FC Bayern Munich rondo! How many touches would you last?, Whether at home, online, or at the Allianz Arena itself, THANK YOU for your amazing support!

MIA SAN MIA!, Happy Birthday, Thiago (24)! And what a birthday!, FINAL SCORE @ Allianz Arena

FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 Eintracht Frankfurt

Match report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCBSGE
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCBSGE, MÜLLLLLLLLLLERED!

FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 Eintracht Frankfurt, Lewangooooooooooooalski²

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 Eintracht Frankfurt, HALFTIME @ Allianz Arena

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Eintracht Frankfurt, LewanGOOOOOALski nets it in!!! 
FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Eintracht Frankfurt, KICKOFF: FC Bayern Munich vs. Eintracht Frankfurt

PACK MA'S!, FC Bayern Munich vs. Eintracht Frankfurt @ Allianz Arena

Lineup: Reina - Alonso, Dante, Thiago, Lewandowski, Rafinha, Bernat, Götze, Lahm (C), Müller, Weiser.
Subs: Neuer - Gaudino, Rode, Badstuber.

Liveticker: www.twitter.com/fcbayern
Liveticker (English): www.twitter.com/fcbayernen
Pictures & Clips: www.instagram.com/fcbayern, Pep: "I hope that the fans at the Allianz Arena will help us. We need the support." PACK MA'S!, Introducing - the Pep Folding Chair!
✔ Perfect for your garden in the Sammer
✔ Reina-resistant
✔ A Weiser investment 
We approve 👍, Always stick together

MIA SAN MIA, In today's FCB.tv News: Pep and Sebastian Rode talk about Frankfurt's potential ahead of Saturday's game and Ribery makes progress in his recovery., Fun in the ☀

Players were in high spirits in training today., Like = Get well soon, Medhi!

Our centre back suffered a pulled hamstring in his right thigh during the cup game in Leverkusen and is out for several weeks. bit.ly/BenatiaInjury, FC Bayern vs. Eintracht Frankfurt, April 11, 9:30am EST Allianz Arena, FC Bayern players doing what they do best, quick passing and silky skills.  ⚽, Throwback to another memorable Cup game - the 2008 final. Luca Toni scores in extra-time to beat Dortmund 2-1! #TBT 👏 🏆, What a cup battle! Who was your Man of the Match? Neuer, Boateng, Thiago, or maybe someone else?, Our cup heroes are heading back home to Munich with smiles on their faces. Safe trip, lads! (y), "You're only tired if you think you are." 

Classic Müller! 😉 👍, THANK YOU MANU & THIAGO!!! 👏, What a draw for the DFB Cup semi-final!!!!

FC Bayern Munich vs. Borussia Dortmund - April 28th @ 2:30pm EST

More: bit.ly/DFBCupSemifinalDraw, YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSS!!!

Bayer 04 Leverkusen 3 - 5 FC Bayern Munich

Match Report: bit.ly/MatchReportB04FCB, PENALTIES!!!

Score after 120 minutes:
Bayer 04 Leverkusen 0 - 0 FC Bayern Munich, SCORE after 90 tense minutes:

Bayer 04 Leverkusen 0 - 0 FC Bayern Munich

PACK MA'S! Fight 'till the end!, HALFTIME 

Bayer 04 Leverkusen 0 - 0 FC Bayern Munich, DFB Cup quarterfinals, KICK OFF in Leverkusen! Pack mas!
Bayer 04 Leverkusen vs. FC Bayern Munich, DFB Cup quarterfinals, Our starting XI for tonight:, 💪 🏆, "At this part of the season it's important to play with your head, heart and show passion."

PACK MA'S!, "At this stage it's all about cool heads, big hearts and passion."

Check out where to watch the big Cup match: bit.ly/WatchB04FCB, Best goal he ever scored? Best moment in a Bayern jersey?

All the answers in our Pizarro profile: http://fcb.de/PizarroPortrait, Seems as if it was only yesterday that Ribery joined Bayern as a 24-year-old. 

We wish you all the best on your 32nd birthday, King Franck! 👑 ⚽, Thomas Müller on a memorable Easter win vs Dortmund and looking ahead to the Cup match vs Leverkusen with Xabi Alonso., Like = Happy Birthday, Franck Ribéry!, Müller: "Leverkusen are in great shape. They like to take risks and can be very deadly."

Leverkusen - FC Bayern, April 8, 2015, 2:30pm EST, "I've won the cup in England and Spain and now I want to win it here too.", Berni's pumped for the #NCAAChampionship tonight - predictions, Bayern fans? 🏀 #MarchMadness, "It'll be a question of character." 

Müller on the upcoming Cup match against Leverkusen: bit.ly/CupBuildupLeverkusen, Make-or-break month for FC Bayern!

Which game are you looking forward to the most in April?, Register now for the Paulaner Cup and win a journey with FC Bayern Munich to Porto for the quarterfinals: www.paulaner-cup.com

Fly with the team, watch the match against FC Porto live and
attend the official team banquet. Register now and get it with a little luck!, Top o' the table to ya ;), Atlanta, Georgia, "I fought hard and now I'm happy to be back." - Thiago on his emotional comeback after a year! 

Welcome back!, "Manu did exceptionally well with the free-kick right at the end,” - Thomas Müller, Berni & everyone at FC Bayern Munich would like to wish you a Happy Easter!, "It was a hard-working victory. Winning in Dortmund is always a bit special.” - Lahm

All  <3 from our captain., Bravo!

Pep Guardiola reached 50 Bundesliga wins quicker than any coach in history with the Dortmund win: bit.ly/PepMilestoneFCB 👋 ⚽, Thanks for the brilliant support. Not just in the stadium but also online! This win is also for you! 

Mia San Mia!, YES! FINAL SCORE

Borussia Dortmund 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich  MIA SAN MIA

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportBVBFCB
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsBVBFCB, HALF-TIME

Borussia Dortmund - FC Bayern Munich 0 - 1, Robert LewanGOOOOOOALski! Great setup by Müller!

Borussia Dortmund 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich (36'), KICK-OFF Borussia Dortmund vs. FC Bayern Munich

PACK MA'S, Borussia Dortmund vs. FC Bayern Munich 12:30pm EST PACK MA'S

LINE UP:
Neuer - Alonso, Dante, Benatia, Lewandowski, Rafinha, Boateng, Bernat, Lahm, Müller, Schweinsteiger

Subs: Reina - Thiago, Pizarro, Gaudino, Götze, Rode, Weiser, #NeuerTheWall - Manuel Neuer has kept 16 clean sheets in 25 league games for FC Bayern in 2014/15. Here's to number 17! ;), “It’s all decided in April. Every game this month is a final.” (Pep Guardiola) - MIA SAN MIA!, Neuer, Lahm and Pep on biggest match in German football. All the news ahead of the big match between Bayern and Dortmund., Hey #FCBayernUS fans in the New York/New Jersey area. Come join our watch party for the big game against Dortmund this Saturday at Paulaner!, "We'll give it everything."

Mario Götze on his return to Dortmund: bit.ly/GoetzeOnBVBFCB, Join #FCBayernUS fans around the country for the biggest match on the German football calendar. Here's where to watch all around the US: http://bit.ly/WatchBVBFCB, History, tradition, passion!

A rivalry revisited!, Sun? ✓ Focus? ✓ Good mood? ✓
Best conditions for the last training session before #BVBFCB, Hey #FCBayernUS fans in the San Francisco Bay Area! 

Come on down to Danny Coyle's on 668 Haight Street to see Bayern take on rival Dortmund this Saturday at 9:30 am LIVE! More details at Mia San Francisco, #TBT to when Fußballgott Bastian Schweinsteiger made a very special announcement to a home crowd back in 2010. We approve this message, "This game always feels like a final."

Neuer and Lahm on the big match against Dortmund: http://bit.ly/NeuerLahmOnBVBFCB, There have been many memorable matches between Bayern and Dortmund over the years. What's your favorite memory?

More historic moments at FC Bayern Legends, Borussia Dortmund - FC Bayern Munich 04.04.2015 12:30 p.m. EST/ 9:30 a.m. PST, "We'll give it everything to come away with all three points." Lewa is fired up for the Dortmund match: http://bit.ly/LewaBeforeBVBFCB, Get well soon, David!

Before incurring a recent injury, Alaba and team captain Philipp Lahm gave some insight into what motivates them, self-confidence, and player rituals., Georgia peaches, soul food, and now FC Bayern! We hear from new fan club Mia San Atlanta - welcome to the #FCBayernUS family!

Fan Club Profile: http://bit.ly/FanClubProfileATL, Franck Ribery talks about his idol growing up and dancing in the locker room. Watch the rest here: http://fcb.de/PlaylistPortraitsRibery, Like = Get well soon!

Bad news! Alaba has suffered a medial collateral ligament tear in his left knee: http://bit.ly/AlabaInjuryFCB, Philipp Lahm and Co. prepare for a busy schedule  following the international break., Preparations for the Dortmund match have officially begun!, Register now and play against FC Bayern Munich 
www.paulaner-cup.com

Take your chance in the Paulaner Cup 2015: Philipp Lahm, Arjen Robben, Bastian Schweinsteiger, Xabi Alonso and Co. are looking forward to playing against you. Register now!, Big success for the European Club Association and Karl-Heinz Rummenigge! Clubs will have more of a say in the future, plus more compensation for international call-ups. More on the landmark decision: http://bit.ly/RummeniggeECA, The iconic Allianz Arena is profiled - the most interesting facts, the history and its most legendary moments., Day off? What day off?! Thiago, Lahm & Javi Martinez are working hard to regain their fitness after injury!

¿Día libre? ¡No para Thiago, Lahm y Javi Martinez, que se han ejercitado hoy voluntariamente!, Captain Fußballgott!

Bastian Schweinsteiger made his first international appearance since the World Cup final in yesterday's Euro 2016 qualifier - and it also happened to be his first official game as captain., FC Bayern showdown! Alaba/Lewandowski vs. Schweinsteiger/Badstuber. Who is going to win?  http://fcb.de/FCBDosenschiessenFB, All 5 FCB players started in Germany's win today. It was Basti's first international appearance since the World Cup final.  👍, Congrats to Joachim Boekelmann from Princeton, NJ on the winning design in our #MyFCBtee contest. http://bit.ly/MyFCBteeWinner, FINAL SCORE

Georgia 0 - 2 Germany (EURO qualifiers) http://bit.ly/MuellerGeorgia

Goals by: Reus (39'), Müller (44'), Euro Qualifiers: Kick-off Georgia vs. Germany

5 FCB players in the starting XI: Schweinsteiger, Boateng, Götze, Müller, Neuer, Müller in a golf buggy, Lewandowski & Alaba's special celebration and Götze hugs Basti., Final training session for Basti, Müller and Co. before the big EURO qualifier vs Georgia tomorrow., FINAL STRETCH! 8 games left - the title is in sight!!!, Franck Ribery hopes to be back on the field soon and also talked about his meeting with Zidane: http://bit.ly/RiberyInterviewFCB, "The reason people call me an 'emotional leader' is because I don't make big promises - I let my actions on the pitch do the talking." -Basti, Götze doing drills, captain Schweinsteiger talking to coach Löw and birthday boy Neuer in training before Germany's match vs Georgia on Sunday. 💪 ⚽, Remember when Franck Ribéry pranked Oliver Kahn? ;), Happy Birthday, Manuel Neuer (29)!, The legendary Zinedine Zidane visited FC Bayern Munich and spoke about the club and his thoughts on Pep's training.

Press "CC" for English subtitles., No caption necessary ;)  #TBT #nofilter, Training during the international break - working hard even without the international players, always with a smile. ⚽ 😜, Hey #FCBayernUS fans - don't miss out on free shipping on the online U.S. store through March 29th using the promo code FCBFS317. Happy shopping! bit.ly/ShopFCB, Xabi Alonso & Pepe Reina are full of anticipation for the Liverpool FC  All-Star charity match on Sunday, It was great to see Holger Badstuber back on the pitch for Germany! 

Next up: EURO qualifier vs Georgia on Sunday., FINAL SCORE

Germany 2 - 2 Australia

Goals for Germany: Reus, Podolski, Kick-off Germany vs. Australia

Welcome back, Holger! Badstuber starts for Germany to play his first international since 2012!, Good luck with your national teams lads and stay fit!, A moment of silence before training - FC Bayern Munich pay tribute to the victims of flight 4U9525. http://bit.ly/MinuteSilenceFCB, Find out what's cooking at the FCB headquarters and what all the players eat. See the rest of Säbener Strasse here: http://bit.ly/FCBHeadquartersTour 🍴 🍔 🍎 🍊, Löw: "Having Schweinsteiger back is a big bonus.", FC Bayern are in mourning with the relatives of all the victims of flight 4U9525 and our thoughts are with you all., Safe trip and stay injury-free!

12 Bayern players off on international duty. http://bit.ly/FCBonIntlDuty, Watch Thiago try to shoot down his own jersey. Skill and precision! 😜 👌, Special visitors at Bayern this week including Zinedine Zidane, Willy Sagnol and Claude Makelele among others to observe Pep in training. http://bit.ly/ZidaneVisitsFCB, FC Bayern players are off for the international break and some good news about players returning from injury ✈ 💪, Good morning, FC Bayern fans! We head into the international break 10 points clear at the top. Thank you for your support!, Xabi Alonso on the best moment of his career, his most valuable swapped jersey and his favorite bands: http://fcb.de/PortraitAlonso, We stick together, no matter what.

Mia San Mia!, Get well soon, Arjen! 

Arjen Robben has torn an abdominal muscle and will be out for several weeks. http://bit.ly/RobbenInjury, FINAL SCORE
FC Bayern Munich 0 - 2 Borussia Mönchengladbach

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCBBMG
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCBBMG, HALF-TIME @ Allianz Arena:
FC Bayern Munich 0 - 1 Borussia Mönchengladbach

Come on, guys! We can get back in this!, KICK-OFF Allianz Arena: FC Bayern Munich vs. Borussia Mönchengladbach

Pack ma's!, FC Bayern Munich vs. Borussia Mönchengladbach

LINE UP: Neuer - Alonso, Lewandowski, Robben, Rafinha, Boateng, Bernat, Götze, Alaba, Badstuber, Schweinsteiger

Subs: Reina - Dante, Thiago, Rode, Lahm, Müller, Weiser, "We will need our fans to win!" (Pep), Grande Javi! Watch and learn as Martinez curls one in! ;), 🌹🌹 Roses are red, violets are blue,
      We're ready for the game, how 'bout you?  🎭🎭

          Happy World Poetry Day! Let's see some of your Bayern poems! :D, There have been many memorable matches over the years between FC Bayern Munich and Borussia Mönchengladbach - any favorites?, Join other #FCBayernUS fans and follow the team's matches on fuboTV: http://bit.ly/WatchFCBBMG, Final training before FC Bayern vs. Gladbach tomorrow! Players are ready! Are you?, Did you miss yesterday's solar eclipse? Don't worry. Here's an even better look at it! ;), Players took in the solar eclipse ahead of team training on Friday. #MiaSunMia, Lahm, Müller and Neuer react to the UCL quarterfinals draw vs Porto, and six FCB players get called up to the German national team., Meet #FCBayernUS Fan Club - St. Louis - the Gateway to the West with a Bavarian twist. bit.ly/FanClubProfileSTL, After two-and-a-half-years, Holger Badstuber has been called up to the German national team along with five of his FC Bayern teammates. Read more here: http://bit.ly/BadstuberCall-Up  (y), FC Bayern Munich vs Borussia Mönchengladbach
Sunday, April 22nd at 12:30pm EST @ Allianz Arena, Mia Sun Mia 😎

More: www.instagram.com/fcbayern, CL Quarter-Final: FC Bayern Munich vs. FC Porto
April 15th in Porto und April 21st in the Allianz Arena 

PACK MA‘S, FC Bayern Munich could face any of these 7 teams in the Champions League quarter-finals. Who will it be?, #TBT - 10 years ago, Oliver Kahn and Bayern eliminated Thierry Henry's Arsenal in the Champions League Round of 16., Hey #FCBayernUS fans, we launched a fan and fan club services twitter account. Read more about it here: http://bit.ly/AboutFCBUStwitter, Some of the guys shot some 🏀 recently (and gave themselves some interesting nicknames as well). Basketball players in their past lives, perhaps? Watch the rest here: http://bit.ly/FCBShootHoopsII, The Road to Number 6 continues: 🏆 🏆 🏆 🏆 🏆 ❔

Who do you want in the quarter-finals? http://bit.ly/CLDrawFCB, 3,820 fan clubs, 23 World Cup winners, 11 international trophies. All the numbers behind FC Bayern Munich explained., 👍, Thiago is making progress both on and off the pitch - in an interview, he answers his first question in German, and on the pitch took part in large parts of team training on Wednesday: http://fcb.de/ThiagoInterviewEN
Keep on going Thiago!, Good news from Säbener Straße - Arjen Robben returned to team training today! 👍👌💪, Happy Birthday, Tom Starke (34)!, null, #MiaSan28Million - Thanks for your support!, Allianz Arena shone bright green today in Munich for St. Patrick's Day! 
🍀 🍀 🍀 🍀, Philipp Lahm and Thiago Alcantara made their comeback to training for in-form Bayern., Feeling Irish? We've got a special #FCBayernUS shirt just for the occasion! http://bit.ly/StPatricksDayFCB

Happy St. Patrick's Day! 🍀 🍀 🍀 🍀, Watch FC Bayern Munich's entire training session from this morning here: http://fcb.de/LiveTraining1703, Happy St. Patrick's Day #FCBayernUS fans and all around the world! To celebrate, the Allianz Arena will be lit up in green tonight!, MIA SAN MIA, Dante with a crazy alley-oop pass to FC Bayern Basketball's Lucca Staiger!, What a weekend for Pepe Reina! 

With his Bundesliga debut on Saturday, Reina became the first goalkeeper in history to play in Europe's top four leagues (Germany, Spain, England, Italy)., ¡Grande Javi!

Javi Martínez is back training with the ball 👍 ⚽, Pep gave the team Monday off but no less than 11 players showed up to do extra training anyways 👋 #overachievers, Good morning, hope you guys are off to a good start this week. I know we are. ;)

Here's a look at the Bundesliga standings with your 🍳 and ☕, Incredible saves, dribbles and drills in a slow motion capture of an FC Bayern training session., "He enriches a game of football. Having him back is a huge bonus."

Müller & Schweinsteiger on Lahm's comeback. http://bit.ly/ReturnOfLahm, FCB have already scored an incredible 5 free kicks this season. Your thoughts: Which one was the best?, "It was one of those days when I’m so proud to be coach of this team." 

Reflecting on the Bremen win: http://bit.ly/AnalysisSVWFCB, Want to join our growing #FCBayernUS family? All you need is 11 friends to start your very own official FC Bayern Munich fan club! See how and the benefits here: http://bit.ly/StartingXI, Welcome back, Philipp Lahm!

Our captain returned after 126 days! http://bit.ly/LahmMatchComeback, Final score

SV Werder Bremen 0 - 4 FC Bayern Munich

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportSVWFCB
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsSVWFCB, LewanGOALski²!

SV Werder Bremen 0 - 4 FC Bayern Munich, Look who is back after 126 days! Welcome back to the field, captain!, LewanGOALski! 

His 16th of the season! 

SV Werder Bremen 0 - 3 FC Bayern Munich, Goooooooaaallll by ♪ ♫ Schalala lalala lalala la David Alaba, ALABA, DAVID ALABA!!! ♪ ♫  

Third free-kick goal of the season for David!
 
HALF-TIME, MÜLLERED! 18 goals in all competitions for Thomas! 

SV Werder Bremen 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, Werder Bremen vs FC Bayern Munich

Starting XI: Reina - Benatia, Lewandowski, Rafinha, Boateng, Bernat, Götze, Rode, Müller, Alaba, Schweinsteiger, PACK MA'S! 

Predictions?, FC Bayern have an impressive winning streak against Bremen - they've won the last 8 games and scored a combined 35 goals in them! And tomorrow? ;) http://bit.ly/FCBwinningstreak, Thomas Müller on his favorite moment as a Bayern player, his unique playing style and what movie he wants to star in 😝 👍

Catch more here: http://bit.ly/MuellerProfile, #FCBayernUS fans unite! Check out where to watch the North-South clash this weekend. http://bit.ly/WatchSVWFCB 📺 🎥 ⚽, null, Bremen welcomes Bayern for the duel between two of the league’s best teams of 2015., The mood is fantastic at training today. Birthday boy Badstuber is the centre of attention. ;), Happy 26th Birthday, Holger Badstuber!, Whatcha up to, Rafinha? :P Check out Rafinha pranking David Alaba!

Tag a friend you'd do this to. :D, Look what we received from our friends at the Boston Bruins! Good luck this season and best wishes from #FCBayernUS!, We've scored 7 goals on 4 occasions in the Champions League - twice already this season. Sensational stuff!, Injury update: Ribéry (ankle sprain) and Robben (pinched nerve) will be missing in Bremen on Saturday: http://bit.ly/RiberyRobbenNews

Like = get well soon!, MIA SAN MIA, "We totally dominated the game and played good football" - Pep, Go behind the scenes with Müller , Alaba & Guardiola and hang out with Reina, Martinez & Bernat at home in adidas Soccer's Gamedayplus FC Bayern Special., Quarterfinals, here we come!!!!

FINAL SCORE: FC Bayern Munich 7 - 0 Shakhtar Donetsk
Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCBFCSD
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCBFCSD, 7:0!!!!!! MARIOOOOO......, Meanwhile in the center circle...... :D, LewanGOALski makes it 6:0! Unreal!

FC Bayern Munich 6 - 0 Shakhtar Donetsk, Aaaaaaand Badstuber gets it in for the 5-0!!!

FC Bayern Munich 5 - 0 Shakhtar Donetsk, GOOOOOOOOAAAAALLLL!!!! 

Müller tapped home into an unguarded net

FC Bayern Munich 4 - 0 Shakhtar Donetsk, OHHHH FRANCK RIBÉRY! (49')

FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 Shakhtar Donetsk, 2:0 lead for FCB at halftime - looking good!

Thoughts?, BOOOOAAAAATENG!!! (34')

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 Shakhtar Donetsk, GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOALLLL!!!!

Müller puts away the penalty! (4') #Müllered

FC Bayern München 1 - 0 Shakhtar Donetsk, Kick-off! Let's go!, Our starting XI against Donetsk.

Predictions?, Our goal.
#RoadtoBerlin, Kick-off is in a few hours - where are you supporting FC Bayern Munich from?, "We need to win the game - it doesn't matter how."

PACK MA'S, Make or break for FC Bayern in the Champions League. Don't miss it! Here's where #FCBayernUS fans can watch the big match: http://bit.ly/WatchFCBFCSD, Quality ball control from Philipp and Basti.  (y) ⚽ ;), Mario Götze, Franck Ribery, David Alaba, Mitchell Weiser & Jérôme Boateng Official were at the Usher concert in Munich last night. 🎤 🎧 🎼, "Plain and simple: Win or bust" - 24 hours until FC Bayern Munich vs. Shakhtar Donetsk @ Allianz Arena!, All or nothing in Bayern's Champions League match and Neuer on Lahm's return., Perfect conditions for the final training session before the big Champions League match: FC Bayern Munich vs Shakhtar Donetsk. http://bit.ly/PreviewFCBFCSD, FC Bayern Munich vs FC SHAKHTAR 
March 11, 2015 2:45 pm EST at the  Allianz Arena, #MiaSanMia, Get the final votes in! The #MyFCBtee contest is ending this week and the winning submission will be offered in our online store! http://bit.ly/MyFCBteeContest #FCBayernUS, Bastian Schweinsteiger was in a great mood during training and some players showing off their skills. ;), "We simply have to win"

Manuel Neuer on the upcoming Champions League match against Shakhtar: http://bit.ly/NeuerOnCL, Welcome back to team training, Philipp Lahm! 👏  👍 💪
http://bit.ly/LahmReturns, Extended our lead 👌 - now it's a matter of gathering strength and qualifying for the CL quarterfinals!, Go inside and see how and where interviews, press conferences and videos are produced at FCB's Säbener Street headquarters.

Check out the rest of our tour here: http://fcb.de/InsideTour, Arjen Robben reached 100 Bundesliga wins faster than anyone in league history! Bravo! http://bit.ly/RobbenBLRecord, The draw for the DFB Cup quarterfinals has been made: 

Bayer 04 Leverkusen vs FC Bayern Munich, April 7/8th, 2015

Check out the other fixtures here: http://bit.ly/FCBCupDraw, Wishing you all a happy Sunday! :), Brilliant save by Tom Starke against Mario Götze!  :o  :o 👋 👋, 10 seconds into the game!!! Roy Makaay scored the fastest goal in Champions League history against Real Madrid 8 years ago to the day - FC Bayern Legends, Get to know some of the players' top off-pitch passions and let us know what you think about this new segment! :), #Müllered ;), FINAL SCORE
Hannover 96 1 - 3 FC Bayern Munich
Goals: Alonso (28'), Müller (61', 72')

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportH96FCB
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsH96FCB, GOOOOOOAAAL!
Thomas Müller heads it home (72')
Hnanover 96 1 -3 FC Bayern Munich, GOOOOOOAAAAAAAL!
Cool as you like! Thomas Müller by penalty (62')
Hannover 96 1 - 2 FC Bayern Munich, HALF-TIME
Hannover 96 1 - 1 FC Bayern Munich
Goal: Alonso (28')

Thoughts?, GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAL!
Xabi Alonso (28') draws level with a super free kick!
Hannover 96 1 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, KICK-OFF in Hannover!
Pack ma's, away win!, Hannover 96 vs FC Bayern Munich
LINE UP:
Neuer (C) - Alonso, Dante, Robben, Rafinha, Boateng, Bernat, Götze, Müller, Alaba, Badstuber

Predictions?, Are you ready for matchday? ⚽, Robert Lewandowski & Arjen Robben have a combined 15 goals against Hannover. Good omen. http://bit.ly/RecordsVsHannover, Thomas Müller, Holger Badstuber or Claudio Pizarro? Who had the best goal?, Join fellow #FCBayernUS fans for the match against Hannover tomorrow. Here's where to watch in the US: http://bit.ly/WatchH96FCB, On the road again w/ Mario Götze and Co. Destination Hannover! ⚽ 🚌 👍, Bayern fired up for Hannover, Benatia returns and Robben's record., Fun at the final training session - the countdown to #H96FCB is underway!

Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewH96FCB, Hannover 96 vs FC Bayern Munich
March 7, 2015 at 9:30 am EST, #Fußballgott, "The move to Bayern was the best thing that could have happened to me." 

Check out our Jerome Boateng profile: http://fcb.de/BoatengPortrait, Hey #FCBayernUS fans! Stream all Bayern Bundesliga matches and more online with fuboTV. Sign up now and get a special discount!, #FCBayernSelfie via Bastian Schweinsteiger

Let's see yours!, FC Bayern Munich's new weapon - David Alaba's free kicks! http://bit.ly/AlabaFreeKicks, Two great goals. Two great young players., Hey Manu, did you know something we didn't before the game? 2-0 ;), FINAL SCORE @ Allianz Arena

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 Eintracht Braunschweig
Goals: Alaba (45'), Götze (57')

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCBEBS
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCBEBS, TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR !!!!

Mario Götze waltzes through the defense before doubling the lead. (57')

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 Eintracht Braunschweig, TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR 

Brilliant! David Alaba smashes home a stunning free kick (45')

HT - FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Eintracht Braunschweig, KICK-OFF @ Allianz Arena

FC Bayern Munich vs Eintracht Braunschweig

Your predictions?, FC Bayern Munich vs Eintracht Braunschweig @ Allianz Arena

STARTING 11: Neuer - Alonso, Dante, Ribery, Lewandowski, Robben, Rafinha, Boateng, Götze, Alaba, Schweinsteiger, Your predictions for today's big Cup game?

FC Bayern Munich vs Eintracht Braunschweig, ♪ ♫ Berlin, Berlin ♪ ♫

Just three rounds to go until the DFB Cup final - the first of which is this evening!, Introducing - a piece of Bavaria in the American heartland - #FCBayernUS Fan Club Omaha. http://bit.ly/FanClubProfileOmaha, Schweinsteiger, Müller & Gomez were on the scoresheet the last time FC Bayern Munich met Eintracht Braunschweig in the DFB Cup in 2011., 24 hours to go!
FC Bayern Munich vs. Eintracht Braunschweig, 2:30 pm EST @ Allianz Arena

Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewFCBEBS, Full throttle on the road to Berlin! Final training session before FC Bayern Munich's DFB Cup match vs Eintracht Braunschweig, Franck Ribery scored in three successive Bundesliga games - that last happened in the fall of 2008. Allez Franck!, It's here! The 6 finalists of our #MyFCBtee contest have been selected. Now it's up to you to vote for what you think is the best. The winning design will be offered in our online store! http://bit.ly/VoteMYFCBteeFinalists, Müller: "We never go into a match with the wrong attitude." http://bit.ly/MulleronDFBCup, Müller and Badstuber on the DFB Cup match against Braunschweig that marks beginning of two decisive weeks for FC Bayern., FC Bayern Munich vs Eintracht Braunschweig March 4, 2015 at  2:30 pm EST at Allianz Arena, 👍 Preparations for the DFB Cup round of 16 against Eintracht Braunschweig at the Allianz Arena are underway!, 👍 💪, Head of Match Analysis Michael Niemeyer was at the Sports Analytics Conference in Boston this week to discuss the role of analytics in soccer and how it is used at FC Bayern Munich http://bit.ly/FCBAnalytics #FCBayernUS, The FCB fitness center - check out where the players work out and receive treatment after tough training sessions and matches.

More behind-the-scenes FCB videos: http://bit.ly/YouTubeFCB, Thank you for all the kind wishes this weekend. Berni certainly enjoyed his FC Bayern birthday cupcakes. Best wishes from the NYC office to all #FCBayernUS fans! #MiaSan115, "When I get the ball, I'm in charge." - Robben, #MiaSanMia

In our hearts., Happy Birthday, Juan Bernat (22)!

Great future ahead!, Jerome Boateng on the Köln win, the importance of Manuel Neuer and FC Bayern's current form: http://bit.ly/BoatengInterviewFCB, Thiago is on his way back! First running and this week training with the ball!, Celebrate FC Bayern Munich's 115-year anniversary with this special commemorative shirt. You only get to be 115-years-old once. ;) http://bit.ly/115AnniversaryShirt #FCBayernUS, Pep: "Arjen wants to keep improving. That's why he's so good.", "The most stable FC Bayern Munich of all time"

On the 115th anniversary of the club, FCB chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge talked about the club's developments and challenges that lie ahead.  http://bit.ly/115thAnniversaryStatement, FC Bayern Munich - 115 years of history, tradition, passion & success! #MiaSan115, It was great having you! Hope you enjoyed the show at the Allianz Arena! ;), Thank you for the incredible fan-choreo today! #MiaSanMia

"The seed that we planted has grown greatly" - Franz John, FINAL SCORE @ Allianz Arena

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCBKOE
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCBKOE, 4-1! Lewagooooooalski @ Allianz Arena!, YESSSSS!!! Beautiful header from ROBBEN!!

FC Bayern Munich 3-1 1. FC Köln, Halftime @ Allianz Arena

FC Bayern Munich 2-1 1. FC Köln, null, RIIIBERYYYYYYY!

THE PARTY'S JUST GETTING STARTED @ Allianz Arena!!!

FC Bayern Munich 2-0 1. FC Köln, GOOOOOOOAAALLLLLL  @ Allianz Arena: BASTIAN ______

#Kopfballtorgott

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 1. FC Köln, Line up FC Bayern Munich - 1. FC Köln @ Allianz Arena 

Neuer - Ribéry, Lewandowski, Robben, Rafinha, Boateng, Götze, Müller, Alaba, Badstuber, Schweinsteiger, 14 goals in the last two BL matches. Your predictions for tonight?, Birthday Home Match! - PACK MA'S! #MiaSan115, #MiaSan115 - Happy 115th Birthday FC Bayern Munich!, Home match on the 115th anniversary of the club.  Don't miss it with fellow fans and #FCBayernUS Fan Clubs! http://bit.ly/WatchFCBKOE, Want to join the growing #FCBayernUS Fan Club family? Get 11 friends together and start your own! See the many benefits and how here: http://bit.ly/StartingXI, Pep and Mitchell Weiser look ahead to #FCBKOE on the 115th anniversary of the club's founding, while Javi Martinez is back on the pitch, What a great sight! Javi is back and preparations for tomorrow's anniversary home game are in full swing. #MiaSan115
http://bit.ly/PreviewFCBKOE, FC Bayern Munich - 1. FC Köln Feb 27, 2:30 pm EST Allianz Arena, Stay up to date on all things FC Bayern by subscribing to our newsletter. If you're lucky, you may even win a signed jersey! ;)
http://bit.ly/FCBNewsletter, FC Bayern training in Slow Mo. What do you think about this style of filming? What would you like to see next?, Bundesliga promotion! On June 26, 1965, FC Bayern secured promotion to the Bundesliga.

The rest is history. ;)

#MiaSan115, 17 Bundesliga goals scored and only 1 conceded in February - and on Friday?, MIA SAN MIA!, Man of the hour - Arjen Robben is where he is because he always puts in extra shifts of training. Hard work never stops!, #StepIntoGerman with FC Bayern and the Goethe-Institut and enter a chance to win a trip to Munich to watch and meet the players with your friends! #FCBayernUS

Create your own short FC Bayern video and enter: http://bit.ly/StepIntoGerman, Post-training treatment selfie witth Rafinha Official, Mario Götze, Javi Martínez and Robert Lewandowski.    (y) 😜 📷, FußballNinja Schweinsteiger, stretching for the soul and Lahm & Thiago working on their comeback - more pics from today's training., Reunited with the ball and it feels so good! Thiago is weaving his magic again ;) 

Schweinsteiger & Co. are working hard in training. http://bit.ly/TrainingForComeback, On Friday, FC Bayern Munich will celebrate its 115th birthday and to celebrate it with you each day a special milestone from FCB history will be featured on FC Bayern Legends. Below is the founding document of the club from 1900!, "We want lots of goals"

Robert Lewandowski on the Oscars, his personal targets for the season and more in our exclusive interview: http://bit.ly/LewaInterview, Holger Badstuber is back in the groove as both the Bayern Munich Men’s and Women’s team enjoyed a successful Bundesliga weekend., What a sight! Lahm back training with the ball - Alonso, Rafinha & Co. all smiles in team training. http://bit.ly/LahmBackOnTheBall, Top of the morning to you. ;), World class support! Wherever you are in the US, share your pictures with us using #FCBayernUS.

Mia San Family, Get an exclusive peek at the FCB players' private area and see where they relax, play some games, what they eat and more.

More behind-the-scenes videos: http://bit.ly/YouTubeFCB, At the double! 4 goals in one picture. ;)

Historic record in sight for Bayern: http://bit.ly/ScoringRecordFCB, Manuel Neuer and Co. have now kept 16 BL clean sheets this season, equalling the record after 22 games from 2012/13! 

Keep up the great work, team! http://bit.ly/AnalysisSCPFCB, 16 Bundesliga goals - Robben is at the top of the scoring charts and unstoppable! http://bit.ly/RobbenTopScorer, Rafinha Official and Co. on their way back to Munich. Safe trip, lads and great performance today! 

Mia San Mia!, FC Bayern Munich have played in front of sell-out crowds in 275 consecutive Bundesliga matches, a span of 8 years! 

Whether at home or on the road, we have the best fans! http://bit.ly/275SoldOutGames, FINAL SCORE

#GoalFest

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportSCPFCB
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsSCPFCB, TOOOOOOOOOR! 

Can you say Torschützenkönig? ROBBEN gets his second! 

SC Paderborn - FC Bayern Munich 0-6 (86' Robben), GOAL! Weiser makes an immediate impact after coming on! His first competitive goal for Bayern! 

SC Paderborn - FC Bayern Munich 0-5 (Weiser 78'), Another GOOOOOOOOAAL

SC Paderborn - FC Bayern Munich 0 - 4 (73' Ribéry), GOOOOOOAL! Guess who?

Arjen Robben has now scored at least one goal against every single Bundesliga team.

SC Paderborn - FC Bayern Munich 0-3 (Robben 64' / PK), HALF-TIME 

Bayern in control. They've won 34 of the last 35 games in which they've led 2-0 at HT.

What did you guys think of the first half?, GOOOOOAAAAL! Lewandowski again with his 10th goal of the season - Ribery assist!

SC Paderborn - FC Bayern Munich 0-2 (Lewandowski 37'), GOOOOOOOOOOAL

SC Paderborn - FC Bayern Munich 0-1 (Lewandowski 24' + Robben assist), KICK-OFF SC Paderborn – FC Bayern Munich

Live commentary: twitter.com/FCBayernEN // 
Pictures: instagram.com/fcbayern

PACK MA’S!, LINE-UP

SC Paderborn vs. FC Bayern Munich

Predictions?, "It's going to be a feisty game and we'll have to deal with it." (David Alaba), #FCBayernUS fans around the country will get together this weekend to watch the match. Here's where you can join the festivities: http://bit.ly/WatchSCPFCB, Top-of-the-table clash on Sunday in the Allianz Frauen-Bundesliga

Title challengers FC Bayern Frauenfußball vs League leaders and European champions VfL Wolfsburg streamed LIVE on www.fcb.tv w/ English commentary. http://bit.ly/PreviewSCPFCB

Kick-off: 8:00 am EST, On the road again. Arjen, Holger (and Thomas photobombing) on the way to Paderborn. :p

Great pic Holger Badstuber!, Lahm and Thiago start their training, Paderborn and the biggest match in women's football in years on the latest FCBtv News., Lots of drills and running at the final training ahead of FC Bayern Munich's match vs SC Paderborn.

Match Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewSCPFCB, SC Paderborn vs. FC Bayern Munich, February 21, 9:30 am EST, Check out Thomas Müller's ball control skills in the latest Move of the Week! #müllered

Tag a friend who could do this when playing. ;), TREAT YO SELF

FCB Top Sellers: http://bit.ly/TopSellersFCB, A look back at FC Bayern Frauenfußball's winter training camp in Florida ahead of the big match against Wolfsburg this weekend. #FCBinFlorida

Click on the captions (CC) to get English subtitles and enjoy! :), Stay on your feet, Brazzo! Hasan Salihamidzic and Mark van Bommel share a laugh in training back in the day. Watch to see why. #TBT, The team has a day off today, but guess who's doing some training... http://bit.ly/ThiagoTraining

¡Vamos, Thiago! 👍, Goal or no goal - do you remember the meeting with Paderborn earlier this season? See the answer here: Allianz Arena, FC Bayern out on the Island! We hear from FC Bayern Fan Club Long Island in the next installment of our #FCBayernUS Fan Club Profile series: http://bit.ly/FanClubProfileLI, Mario Götze on his World Cup-winning goal, the most valuable jersey he's ever swapped with another player and the TV show on which he'd most want to guest star.

All the answers and more here: http://fcb.de/GoetzePortrait, To all those celebrating the Chinese New Year in the US, Happy New Year from FC Bayern! :), El Bayern empata en Donetsk y Thiago regresa a Múnich., Welcome back Thiago! 

After weeks recovering in his native Spain, our no.6 is greeted back at Säbener Straße with warm hugs and rousing applause., Ball control - Thomas Müller style! ;), During their trip to Ukraine, FC Bayern took on hospital and medical bills to help more than 50 children in Lviv. http://bit.ly/FCBhelps, "We have to win the return now, and we'll do it with our fans behind us." 

Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCSDFCB, FINAL SCORE: FC Shakhtar Donetsk 0-0 FC Bayern Munich

Match report: http://bit.ly/FCSDFCBMatchReport
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCSDFCB, HALF-TIME. 

Thoughts?, KICK-OFF FC Shakhtar Donetsk vs. FC Bayern Munich

Live-Ticker: twitter.com/fcbayern
Live commentary: twitter.com/FCBayernEN // twitter.com/FCBayernES
Pictures: instagram.com/fcbayern

PACK MA’S!, Line-up: FC SHAKHTAR vs FC Bayern Munich

Neuer - Alonso, Ribéry, Robben, Rafinha, Boateng, Bernat, Götze, Müller, Alaba, Schweinsteiger

Predictions?, FC SHAKHTAR vs. FC Bayern Munich

David and Holger are ready for the big game today! How about you?, A look behind the scenes at FC Bayern's trip to Lviv for their Champions League encounter with Shakhtar Donetsk., It's finally Champions League MATCHDAY again!

Can you hear that CL anthem in your head? ;), Join #FCBayernUS Fan Clubs around the country tomorrow as FC Bayern resume their Champions League campaign. Check out where to watch: http://bit.ly/WatchFCSDFCB, Xabi Alonso's Champions League milestone, Philipp Lahm's comeback and Karl-Heinz Rummenigge on the situation in the Ukraine., Style in the aisle! FC Bayern leaving Munich looking handsome in their Made To Measure ARMANI suits. ;), Great news, FCB fans! Captain Philipp Lahm had his first training session since his ankle injury today. Can't wait to have you back, Philipp! http://bit.ly/LahmRunning, The Chaaaaampions! The most prestigious club competition in the world returns tomorrow! http://bit.ly/PreviewFCSDFCB

Are you ready?, Final training session completed. Off to the airport right after. The Champions League awaits - FC SHAKHTAR vs FC Bayern Munich! 

PREVIEW: http://bit.ly/PreviewFCSDFCB

Pack ma's!, Good morning! A quick look at the Bundesliga table. Even the players like what they see. ;)

On the agenda Monday: final training session then off to the Ukraine for FC SHAKHTAR vs FC Bayern Munich!, Who is the one person Holger Badstuber would switch lives with for a day? How has he overcome so many injuries and who is his role model?

Find all those answers and more in our Holger Profile: http://fcb.de/BadstuberPortrait, FC Bayern Munich look ahead to the Champions League and vow to maintain scoring form after biggest win in 31 years.

Back in training on Sunday and full focus on Shakhtar. http://bit.ly/AnalysisFCBHSV, FCB fans in NYC, come down to Paulaner as FC Bayern resume their Champions League campaign., FCB fans in NYC, come down to Paulaner as FC Bayern resume their Champions League campaign., "He's virtually unstoppable" http://bit.ly/WorldClassRobben

High-flying Dutchman Arjen Robben is on fire at the moment and leads the Bundesliga with 14 goals! Keep it up, Arjen!, FC SHAKHTAR vs FC Bayern Munich - Tuesday, February 17, 2015 @ 2:45pm EST, Super Bayern, Super Bayern, hey, hey ! 

Who wants to do a little dance? A little Samba from Arjen and Thomas! :D, After 154 days out, Holger Badstuber made a great comeback against Hamburg.

Great to have you back on the pitch, Holger! http://bit.ly/ComebackKidBadstuber, This is how legends celebrate! Legendary performance today: 
FC Bayern Munich 8 - 0 Hamburger SV

♫ How sweet it is! ♫, "I'm happy we played so well." - Robert Lewandowski ;)

Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCBHSV, Get in the Valentine's Day spirit and send your special someone an FC Bayern E-Gift Card. You know you want to! ;) http://bit.ly/ValentinesFCB, FINAL SCORE
FC Bayern Munich 8 - 0 Hamburger SV @ Allianz Arena

Match report: http://bit.ly/FCBHSVMatchReport
Comeback kid Badstuber: http://fcb.de/BadstuberFlashInterview
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCBHSV

Wow. Incredible! What do you guys think?, And another goooaaalll! Mario Götze scores!
FC Bayern Munich 8 - 0 Hamburger SV @ Allianz Arena, ♫ Ohhh Franck Ribéry ♫ ;)
FC Bayern Munich 7 - 0 Hamburger SV, WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?! 
First Müller, then Lewandowski!
FC Bayern Munich 6 - 0 Hamburger SV @ Allianz Arena, And the next gooooooaaaaallll @ Allianz Arena by Arjen Robben!
FC Bayern Munich 4 - 0 Hamburger SV, Half-time @ Allianz Arena
FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 Hamburger SV, WHAT A GOOOOAAAAL from Arjen Robben!
FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 Hamburger SV, Gooooooooooooaaaaaaallllllll² @ Allianz Arena!
FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 Hamburger SV
Thomas Müller & Mario Götze!, Udo Lattek is remembered prior to kick-off., Line-up: Neuer - Benatia, Lewandowski, Robben, Rafinha, Bernat, Götze, Müller, Alaba, Badstuber, Schweinsteiger
FC Bayern Munich - Hamburger SV @ Allianz Arena

Your predictions?, Happy Valentine's Day FC Bayern fans! <3 

Enjoy matchday with your special someone!, FC Bayern will play their 100th game against Hamburg tomorrow. Join #FCBayernUS Fan Clubs around the country and follow the action! http://bit.ly/WatchFCBHSV, To get you in the mood for the game - quick dribbling, slick passing and goals galore - the highlights from FC Bayern Munich's training.

Match Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewFCBHSV, Got any plans this weekend? If not, we’ve got a Valentine’s Day checklist for you. This way you’re guaranteed to accommodate the two loves of your life. <3 ;), Hey #FCBayernUS fans, want to watch Bayern games from virtually anywhere? Get a special 25% off if you sign up with fuboTV and follow all the action!, "It all starts now. We have to be ready, there's no excuses any more."

Robben on the Hamburg match and the return of the Champions League., Precision has a name: Badstuber & Götze. Check out their long passing skills in our new segment: Move of the Week. What do you guys think?, Robben & co. are working their socks off in training with their sights set on a first home win of 2015! But the fun factor is never missing from training either! ;), Ahead of Saturday's matchup, here's a throwback to two years ago when Bayern got their biggest-ever win against Hamburg, 9-2!! Remember this? ;) #TBT, Back to the Future! Some of the Bayern players ventured out into the Wild West recently. ;), Robben, Kahn, Müller, Schwarzenbeck - which is your favorite 'Legendary Moment'? Take a look at some of the best in Champions League history and vote now! http://fcb.de/LegendaryMomentsEN, Hablamos con Javi Martinez sobre su recuperación y cómo pasa el tiempo en anticipación de su regreso al equipo., Congrats! Mario Götze has been nominated for the prestigious Laureus World Sports Award 2015 - the annual award ceremony honoring remarkable individuals in the world of sports.

More here: http://bit.ly/GotzeLaureusAwards, Day off for the team today but Jérôme Boateng Official is putting in an extra shift of training. Pack Ma's!, FC Bayern Munich vs Hamburger SV Feb 14, 2015 @ 9:30 am EST at the Allianz Arena, Best training pic of the day. Thomas Müller - The Karate Kid :p

Let's see the best captions!, Fast speeds and sharp corners for Mario Götze and David Alaba at the Audi Driving Experience in Kitzbühel., "I've practiced free kicks since I was 15"

David Alaba on his free kick technique, his professional debut 5 years ago and more: http://bit.ly/AlabaInterviewFCB, Get to know Javi Martinez in our player profile. He talks about what FC Bayern means to him, his football idol and who the funniest player is on the squad. 
More: http://youtu.be/JQO6rbwSRdw, Special visitor at FC Bayern Munich's training today - World Cup & European Champion Patrick Vieira.

More on the visit here: http://bit.ly/VieiraVisitsFCB, Firing on all cylinders!

Müller , Robben, Götze & Lewandowski have scored a combined 46 goals in all competitions this season. Keep at it, lads!, Best FC Bayern goals in January - Which is your favorite? http://fcb.de/Top5GoalsJan, 5 years ago today David Alaba celebrated his professional debut for FC Bayern. Since then he's gone on to win the Bundesliga 3 times, the DFB Cup 3 times and the Champions League, Club World Cup and UEFA Super Cup. Not bad, David! ;), Injured players Ribery and Rafinha returned to team training this week and Lewandowski picks up a special award., Hey Bayern fans! In case you missed today's training session, check it out in full along with these skills from Schweinsteiger, Neuer, Götze, Robben & co. here: http://fcb.de/Training102, Who's got the best three pointer? Shooting some hoops with Schweinsteiger, Müller, Alaba & Co.

Watch more here: http://bit.ly/FCBplaysBasketball, Want to be part of the growing #FCBayernUS family? Pick your Starting XI and become an official FC Bayern fan club and enjoy many special benefits.

Click here for details: http://bit.ly/StartingXI, Ribéry & Rafinha are back training with the team!

Heads up - there is a LIVE training session from 11:15 CET on YouTube: http://fcb.de/LiveTraining102, No complaints! Have a good start to the week FCB fans! :), 27 Million! Thank you so much! Keep on going!, The tour of FC Bayern's headquarters continues. This time it's the training grounds and the legendary beer garden!, David Alaba's rocket!

Pep: "He is one of the most important players in our team." http://bit.ly/AnalysisVFBFCB, Congrats, Robert Lewandowski! The striker has been named Poland's Footballer of the Year for the fourth time in a row!

Robert's reaction here: http://bit.ly/LewyPolishPOTY, Great support from Fan Clubs around the US in our first win of 2015! You guys really are the best! 

Join the growing #FCBayernUS family, get 11 friends together and start your own Fan Club: http://bit.ly/StartAFanClub, Boom Boom Bang!

Two brilliant goals today from Arjen and David!, Congratulations on scoring Germany's Goal of the Year 2014, Mario Götze! 

Sure you guys remember this one. ;), FINAL SCORE

First win of 2015! http://bit.ly/MatchReportVFBFCB
Reactions:  http://bit.ly/ReactionsVFBFCB, Baaaaaaaaaam! What a hit by David Alaba!

VfB 0 - 2 FC FC Bayern Munich, It's Arjen Robben with a great volley to give Bayern the lead. His 12th goal of the season!

VfB Stuttgart 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, "Servus, Udo"

Great choreography from the traveling FCB fans to commemorate Udo Lattek, who sadly passed away., Our line-up:

Neuer, Weiser, Dante, Benatia, Bernat, Alonso, Alaba, Schweinsteiger, Robben, Götze, Lewandowski

Subs: Reina - Pizarro, Gaudino, Rode, Kurt, Müller, Badstuber, LET'S DO THIS LADS! Get the first win of 2015!, Watch along with #FCBayernUS fan clubs around the country as Bayern look for their first win of 2015. http://bit.ly/WatchVFBFCB, Learn German and win a trip to watch and meet FC Bayern Munich with your friends! FCB and the Goethe-Institut present the "Step into German" contest! Los gehts! #FCBayernUS #StepIntoGerman http://bit.ly/StepIntoGerman, Sir Bobby Charlton visits FC Bayern and what to expect from the Stuttgart match., Karl Heinz Rummenigge and Sir Bobby Charlton remembered the victims of the 1958 Munich air disaster at the FCB Erlebniswelt memorial on the 57th anniversary. #flowersofmanchester

Charlton: "Thank you Bayern Munich" http://bit.ly/CharltonFCB, That conjures up some memories! ;), Last training session before the Stuttgart match! Let's go lads!

Match Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewVFBFCB, VfB Stuttgart - FC Bayern Munich Feb 7, 2015 @ 9:30 am EST, "FC Bayern is one of the world's best teams."

On his favorite food, fitness and what FCB means to him in our full profile: http://bit.ly/LewandowskiProfile, Goals galore! 5 years ago FC Bayern played Stuttgart twice in four days and won both by a scoreline of 11:6. 

Mario Gomez (4x), Franck Ribery (2x), Thomas Müller (2x) and Miroslav Klose (2x) all got in on the fun! #TBT, There was a great turnout at the annual GPS Florida Pre-Season Classic with thousands of families and youth players in attendance. 
More here: http://bit.ly/GPSFloridaClassic, Shop by your favorite FC Bayern player in our online store: http://bit.ly/ShopByPlayer, Time to recharge and focus on the next match against VfB Stuttgart, Alaba, Shaqiri, Lewandowski, Hojbjerg or Götze? Which was the best free kick?, FC Bayern in the Windy City! Introducing the Chicago Supporters of FC Bayern Munich as our #FCBayernUS Fan Club Profile series continues. http://bit.ly/FanClubProfileChicago, FC Bayern mourn the loss of Udo Lattek: http://bit.ly/UdoLattekRIP
His career and honors: http://bit.ly/UdoLattekCareer, Nothing like some bball to recover from an intense game. The players had a basketball session a day after the Schalke game. The focus now turns to Stuttgart!, Your last chance to have your own FCB shirt design offered in our online store and have it signed by your favorite Bayern player! http://bit.ly/MyFCBteeContest #MyFCBtee, “We’re not happy with a 1-1 draw. We were down to ten men but still had chances to win it. We’ll go to Stuttgart now looking for a victory.” - Schweini

Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCBS04, FINAL SCORE

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 1 Schalke 04

"Ten-man Reds salvage valuable point" http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCBS04, YESSSSSSSSSS! GOOOOOOOOOOOOAAALLLLL! 

Goalscorer: Robben heads home to make it 1-0!, HALF-TIME @ Allianz Arena
FC Bayern Munich 0 - 0 FC Schalke 04, Manu!  Saved!, KICK OFF @ Allianz Arena
FC Bayern Munich vs FC Schalke 04, FC Bayern Munich vs FC Schalke 04 @ Allianz Arena:

Line-up:
1 Neuer - 3 Alonso, 5 Benatia, 10 Robben, 17 Boateng, 18 Bernat, 19 Götze, 25 Müller, 27 Alaba, 30 Weiser, 31 Schweinsteiger (C)., PACK MA'S!

There have been 4 wins against Schalke in the last four games at the Allianz Arena - by a scoreline of 15:2 no less! Let's hope for more of that today! ;), The wait has come to an end! The first FC Bayern home game of 2015 in the Allianz Arena is here - and in front of 75,000 fans!, Attention FC Bayern fans in the New York area, come to Paulaner to watch our first home match of 2015! #FCBayernUS, First home game of 2015 tomorrow at the Allianz Arena, get a behind-the-scenes look at one of the most famous stadiums in the world., "The whole team has to play better" - Guardiola

Don't miss FC Bayern Munich game against Schalke! It's a big one! http://bit.ly/WatchFCBS04 #FCBayernUS, Bayern are determined to bounce back after the loss to Wolfsburg. Thomas Müller explains how they plan to turn things around on the latest FCBtv News., The countdown is under way! Just 24 hours to go until the first game of 2015 in the Allianz Arena.

Match Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewFCBS04, Winter conditions at training ❄ but full concentration and focus on the first home match of 2015!, We hope you have a good start to a busy week, FC Bayern fans! Our focus is now on Schalke and Stuttgart., Berni is ready for the #SuperBowl! Are you? #SB49 #FCBayernUS, Mario Götze shares his thoughts on Pep Guardiola's philosophy and #SuperBowlXLIX between the New England Patriots and the Seattle Seahawks. #SB49 #SuperBowl #FCBayernUS, Säbener Straße - at the heart of FC Bayern Munich Do you want a look behind the scenes? Follow us: http://youtu.be/Nmxb97UfZQM, Going about their work in good spirits and renewed strength - FC Bayern Munich are preparing meticulously for Schalke at Allianz Arena, FC Bayern Munich vs. FC Schalke 04 - February 3, 2015 at 2:00 pm EST, This past week, FC Bayern Munich visited a number of fan clubs in Germany and Austria. Here's a look back at Franck Ribery's first fan club visit in 2007. Always the entertainer. :D, Pick yourself up, learn from your mistakes and focus fully on the next task at hand. Players training hard for the midweek game against Schalke. 

Mia San Mia!, Match viewing first, then a visit to the FC Bayern Munich New York office. Great to welcome and host the FC Bayern Fan Club of Princeton at our office!

Join a Fan Club or start your own and join the #FCBayernUS family! http://bit.ly/StartAFanClub, Manuel Neuer: "We have to put it behind us and look forward. A midweek game is just what we need right now.”

More in our match analysis: http://bit.ly/AnalysisWOBFCB, FINAL SCORE

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportWOBFCB
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsWOBFCB, GOOOAAALLL! Time to catch up! VfL Wolfsburg 3 - 1 FC Bayern (55'), Half-time, "Forever in our hearts" 

Moving tribute and one minute's applause in Wolfsburg in memory of Junior Malanda., Lineup:

Neuer, Alonso, Dante, Lewandowski, Robben, Boateng, Bernat, Rode, Müller, Alaba. Schweinsteiger

Pack ma's!, Predictions?

VfL Wolfsburg vs. FC Bayern Munich 2:30 p.m. EST, Finally! Bundesliga! Germany's two top teams will battle it out!, #TBT! 
Fun fact: Bastian Schweinsteiger has 15 Bundesliga wins against Wolfsburg - more than any other team. 

More interesting facts: http://bit.ly/WOBFCBKeyFacts, We all love playing in the snow right? So do Schweinsteiger, Lewandowski, Götze and Co., What better way for the Bundesliga to return than to have the two top teams in Germany go head to head? Here's where to watch the big match in the US: http://bit.ly/WatchWOBFCB #FCBayernUS, Mario, Pepe, Basti and Sebastian are ready for the Wolfsburg game. Are you?, One more night's sleep and then the Bundesliga is finally back!

Match Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewWOBFCB, The latest FCB.tv News is here: Ribéry and Rafinha are out, and Xabi Alonso can't wait to be playing once again., Due to injuries, Ribéry (muscle fiber tear) and Rafinha (LCL injury) won't be available for the Bundesliga restart. http://bit.ly/FCBInjuryUpdate

Like = Get well soon!, If you're in the New York area this Friday, head down to Paulaner to watch FC Bayern Munich take on Wolfsburg in this much-anticipated match-up of the Bundesliga restart!, Neuer² @ Madame Tussauds Berlin

A lot of details went into making an exact replica of our No. 1. Check out the process: http://bit.ly/NeuerWaxFigure, Müller on the upcoming Bundesliga clash: "There's no reason to suggest that we won't have a good game on Friday."
Boateng: "The break was long enough. We're looking forward to starting again." 

Read more here: http://bit.ly/WOBFCBpreview, Franck Ribéry, Mario Götze & co. had a lot of fun at the traditional fan club visits!

Check out some of the highlights:, Just 2 days until we're back in action! Until then, how about building an FCB snowman? We're looking forward to seeing your FCB winter pics and snowmen in the comments! ❄, VfL Wolfsburg vs. FC Bayern Munich 1.30.2015, 2:30 p.m. EST, 4 FCB players have been nominated for Germany's Goal of the Year!
See them all here: http://bit.ly/GermanGoalofYear

Which one is your favorite?, No, you're not seeing double. Manuel Neuer is the latest to get his own wax figure at Madame Tussauds's museum in Berlin and joins the likes of the Beatles, Michael Jackson, Albert Einstein among many others. The likeness is uncanny! :D http://bit.ly/NeuerWaxFigure, The Northeast of the U.S. wasn't the only place that saw snow - the players had lots of fun during training in snowy Munich! ❄ #Snowmageddon2015, Today FC Bayern Frauenfußball leave Gainesville and travel to Orlando for the second friendly of the Allianz Winter Camp.

A big thanks to everyone at the University of Florida for the warm welcome and support during the stay! It was a pleasure. #FCBinFlorida

The match against the U-20 US national team kicks off at 6:00pm EST., Robben: “I want to carry on and work on improving little things.”, In case you missed it, you can watch back the entire training session from yesterday., How good is your name pronunciation? We tested the fans at FC Bayern Frauenfußball's match against the University of Florida. ;) #FCBinFlorida, Bayern players and officials paid a visit to fan clubs and Pep Guardiola talks about preparing for the second half of the Bundesliga in the FCBtv News update., Keep up to date with everything on and off the field by signing up for our newsletter. 

You'll also be entering a chance to win a signed FC Bayern jersey in the process! ;) http://bit.ly/FCBNewsletter, FC Bayern Frauenfußball took on the University of Florida in front of a great crowd this past weekend. Check out the four goals FCB scored in their impressive 4-0 win, one goal in particular will take your breath away! #FCBinFlorida, Good morning, FC Bayern Munich fans! The second half of the Bundesliga season kicks off this week with a match-up against 2nd place Wolfsburg. 
Are you ready? We sure are! :), Heads up! There will be a live Q&A with two US players Katie Stengel & Gina Lewandowski over at FC Bayern Frauenfußball tomorrow - Monday, Jan 26 at 9:00pm EST. #FCBinFlorida

Tell us what you want to know from Katie and Gina? Also submit your questions via twitter using #askKatie and #askGina, Train like the pros! Get your official FC Bayern Munich training gear at our online store: http://bit.ly/BayernTrainingGear, Scoring is no problem for FC Bayern Frauenfußball even if the "goal" is just a basket hanging on the wall.  — with Gina Lewandowski and Leonie "Leo" Maier at University of Florida. #FCBinFlorida, Lots of fun and the "ultimate humiliation" at the same time - our Top 5 nutmegs. :), Only 5 days remaining until Bundesliga is back!, Some amazing goals were scored this week in training. The boys looked great in shooting practice. Which is your favorite?, Get your own design signed by your favorite FC Bayern Munich player! Enter the #MyFCBtee contest and also have your shirt offered in our online store! The designs are already flowing in!  http://bit.ly/MyFCBteeContest, The Bundesliga is back in a week!
__________
We're kicking things off on Friday already: VfL Wolfsburg vs. FC Bayern Munich, January 30, 2:30pm EST, Day 2 of the Allianz Winter Camp in Florida was all about tactics, training and thunder for FC Bayern Frauenfußballl. #FCBinFlorida http://bit.ly/FCBinFloridayDay2, Javi working hard on his comeback and making progress: "I hope that I am able to train with the team in two or three months.", First comes the work, then comes the fun! After training, the team are off to the new year receptions at the fan clubs., No #DeflateGate at FC Bayern Frauenfußball training camp ahead of the friendly against the University of Florida. ;) #FCBinFlorida, This month has been all about training camp. Here's a look back at a classic from 2011 with van Bommel,  Ribéry, Robben, Schweinsteiger & Co., Javi Martínez is really putting the hours in for his comeback. Looking good, Javi! :), null, Final score 

VfL Bochum 1 - 5 FC Bayern Munich

Goals: Latza (5') - Robben (26'), Dante (43'), Götze (66'), Robben (78'), Rode (84')

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportBOCFCB, Half-time

VfL Bochum 1 - 2 FC Bayern Munich

Goals: Latza (5') - Robben (26'), Dante (43'), KICK-OFF

The final friendly of the winter break against VfL Bochum is under way.

Line-Up: Neuer, Alonso, Dante, Ribéry, Lewandowski, Robben, Rafinha, Boateng, Bernat, Müller, Schweinsteiger (C), FC Bayern are at the airport ahead of their last friendly against Bochum and birthday boy Arjen Robben is stealing the limelight! ;), Happy Birthday, Arjen Robben (31)!, null, Bayern gear up for the last friendly of the winter break against VfL Bochum and more injury updates., Our Championship winning captains through history. #TBT, MIA SAN MIA, Preparations for tomorrow's friendly against Bochum are in full swing!, Passing maestro Xabi Alonso!, Today is national #huggingday! We’re sending a big hug out to all our fans - Mia San Mia!, Welcome back, Medhi Benatia! http://bit.ly/BenatiaResumesTraining

FC Bayern Munich players back at training in Munich., Manuel Neuer with Mr. Armani himself after visiting the Giorgio Armani Men's Fall/Winter 2015/16 show - our official uniform designer. #NeuerForStyleIcon, Caption this. :p, This week, FC Bayern Frauenfußball are heading to Florida for the Allianz Winter Camp in preparation for the second half of the season. 

More info and the full itinerary here: http://bit.ly/FCBinFlorida, Good news! Schweinsteiger (minor ankle bruising) and Götze (muscle problems) are back in team training! http://bit.ly/BS31GoetzeTraining, News from Philipp Lahm! 

The FC Bayern Munich captain has started fitness training following his injury: "It feels great to get rid of the crutches" 

Read more: http://bit.ly/LahmUpdate, Engine! Juan Bernat is the only outfield player to have featured in all of FC Bayern Munich's competitive games in the first half of the season., Skills, Goals & Fun with a 17-year-old David Alaba in FC Bayern's training camp., It was cold in Munich but Dante Bonfim always has a big smile on his face. :D, Back in Munich ;)

Back to business: http://bit.ly/BayernResumeTraining, Put your skills to the test! Submit your design for the chance to see your shirt offered in our online store and have it signed by your favorite Bayern player! 
http://bit.ly/MyFCBteeContest #FCBayernUS, 6 v 2 - let the count begin! The best of FC Bayern Munich's passing from training camp., "My job is to keep the play moving"

Exclusive interview with Xabi Alonso on the winter break, his playing style and his partnership with Bastian Schweinsteiger: http://bit.ly/XabiInterview, Al-Hilal 1 v 4 FC Bayern Munich Highlights
Full highlights on our YouTube channel: http://youtu.be/gATuyp21iFc, Paul Breitner spoke about FC Bayern's philosophy and growing US soccer at the NSCAA Convention in Philadelphia. #FCBayernUS

"The most dominating person at Bayern is the ball." http://bit.ly/BreitnerNSCAA15, Let’s get started for the second half of the season: Sing “Stern des Südens” and be part of the “Family & Kids version” to win 1x4 VIP-Tickets for a match in Munich including travelling costs. http://fcb.de/FanVoicesInt, Happy Birthday, Pep Guardiola (44)!, Pass, cross, shoot, goal!  Robben, Ribery, Schweinsteiger & Co. taking turns crossing and shooting.

Which one do you think is the best?, Safe trip, lads!

After 11 intense training sessions in Doha and 2 successful friendly matches the team is finally returning home to Munich., From Doha to Riyadh, the last day of FC Bayern Munich's winter training camp., Welcome back, David Alaba! 

Return after two months: http://bit.ly/AlabaMakesComeback
His way back: http://youtu.be/R5ocFy6bD5k, Final score 

FC Bayern Munich 4 - 1 Al-Hilal

Goals: 1:0 Dante (8‘), 2:0 Schweinsteiger (11‘), 3:0 Lewandowski (40‘), 4:0 Pizarro (61‘) (4 photos)

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportAlHilalFCB, Half-time

FC Bayern Munich 3 – 0 Al-Hilal

Goals: 1:0 Dante (8‘), 2:0 Schweinsteiger (11‘), 3:0 Lewandowski (40‘), FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 Al-Hilal 

Goals: Dante (8'), Schweinsteiger (11'), Lewandowski (40')

LINE UP:  Neuer, Bernat, Boateng (Rafinha 20'), Dante, Schweinsteiger, Alonso, Ribéry, Robben, Lewandowski, Müller, Weiser, Hello Riyadh! 

The FC Bayern traveling party arrived in Saudi Arabia for friendly v Al-Hilal and received a nice welcome., Thank you so much for your wonderful hospitality in Doha! It was fantastic! Off to Riyadh, Saudi Arabia for the second friendly!, In the third installment of our #FCBayernUS fan club profiles, we hear from FC Bayern fan club of San Francisco, Mia San Francisco.

Read here: http://bit.ly/MiaSFprofile, Skills on skills! 'Around the World', 'Schienbeinrunde' und 'Danteln' with Mario Götze, Robert Lewandowski and Gianluca Gaudino, Full time in Doha! It's off to Riyadh tomorrow! #VolkswagenCampQatar

"Every player at Bayern has great quality. That’s why they’re here." http://bit.ly/PepOnDoha, David Alaba has been working hard on his comeback this week. Great to see you on the field again, David! :), Mia San Mia

One big family: past, present & future, Happy Birthday, Udo Lattek (80)!

His best pictures on FC Bayern Legends.

Learn more about Udo here: http://bit.ly/HappyBirthdayUdoLattek, Did you miss live training from the #VolkswagenCampQatar? No sweat! You can watch the whole session back here: http://fcb.de/LivetrainingDoha, FC Bayern Munich players enjoying a match of soccer tennis., Mic check! MC Gerland and Beatboxer Schweinsteiger rap at the training ground., Robben: "Bayern was the best call of my career" 

The Dutchman visited a children's school in Doha: http://bit.ly/RobbenVisitsSchool, Bayern legend Paul Breitner at the Major League Soccer (MLS) #SuperDraft with FCB US office Managing Director Rudolf Vidal. 

Turns out that none of the teams drafted Paul. :p, Alaba & Badstuber make their comebacks and Robben visits a school in Doha. The latest news from training camp in Qatar on FCBtv News., Here's how the players spent their day off at the training camp yesterday!, What music does Mario Götze like to listen to off the pitch?

The FCB star takes a pause from soccer and talks about his favorite performers and songs. Check it out here: http://bit.ly/GötzeMusic, Manuel Neuer, Thomas Müller and Bastian Schweinsteiger using their hands for a change. :D, Robben and Neuer put in an extra training session on Wednesday to catch up after the Ballon d'Or Gala. http://bit.ly/RobbenNeuerfromDoha, Highlights: Qatar Stars 1-4 FC Bayern Munich

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportQSFCB, Reunion with a familiar face! Tymo is also in Doha for Zenit St. Petersburg's training camp.http://bit.ly/TymoFCBReunion, Greetings from Pep and Berni from Doha!

More pictures: www.facebook.com/FCBerni (4 photos), Official! Capacity increase approved - 75,000 spectators will now be in the Allianz Arena for FC Bayern's Bundesliga home games and just under 70,000 for Champions League games. http://bit.ly/AllianzArenaIncrease, Pizarro, Müller, Robben or Ribery - Who will come out on top in the penalty shootout in Doha?, 'It's a bit better every day'

Update from Javi on his recovery: http://bit.ly/JaviFromDoha, Neuer, Robben & Lahm react to the Ballon d'Or selection and more news from the Doha training camp., Welcome back, Holger Badstuber! You belong on the pitch!

http://bit.ly/BadstuberComeback, Final score: FC Bayern Munich 4 - 1 Qatar Stars

FCB win their first friendly of 2015 thanks to goals from Weiser (2), Ribéry, Pizarro

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportQSFCB, Half-time

FC Bayern lead 3-1 - Mitchell Weiser (2) and Franck Ribéry were on the score-sheet against the Qatar Stars., Line up for today's friendly against the Qatar Stars:

Reina, Dante, Ribéry, Lewandowski, Gaudino, Boateng, Bernat, Rode, Müller, Weiser, Schweinsteiger, "Manuel Neuer is World Player of the Year for me." - Basti, Neuer, Robben, Müller & Lahm: 4 FC Bayern Munich players in the top 6 for the Ballon d'Or - great team performance, boys!, Rummenigge: "We’re unbelievably proud of Manuel Neuer."

More pics from the Gala in Zurich: http://bit.ly/FCBatBallondOrGala, Basti is primed for "the big games" and checks in from training camp in Qatar: http://bit.ly/SchweiniFromDoha, Welcome back! 

David Alaba is back in team training for the first time since his meniscus operation in November. And look at those skills! :D, Congratulations, Manu! 3rd place in the vote for the World Footballer of the Year! We're proud of you!, Incredible! Bayern trio Lahm, Neuer and Robben make the FIFA World Team of the Year. http://bit.ly/FCBatBallondOrGala, Fingers crossed for Manuel Neuer!

#NeuerForBallonDor, Schweinsteiger at the training camp in Doha on #NeuerForBallonDor: "He deserves to win. He played a huge part in the World Cup success.", LIKE = #NeuerForBallondOr

The selection for the Ballon d'Or & the FIFA World XI will take place today at 12:00 pm EST., Today's the day! Manuel Neuer & Arjen Robben (FIFA World XI) left the training camp earlier to head for Zurich! #NeuerForBallonDor, "This team could win everything"

Ribery from Doha: http://bit.ly/RiberyInterview, What his coach, teammates and the rest of the soccer community have to say about #NeuerForBallonDor. http://bit.ly/FCBonNeuerForBallonDor, Greetings from David Alaba at the training camp in Doha. He can't wait to make his comeback!, Working hard for success!, #RIPMalanda 

Mourning Malanda - Minute's silence held in Qatar. http://bit.ly/FCBMournsMalanda, Watch the full first training session of the day from the training camp in Doha, Qatar: http://fcb.de/ReLiveTrainingDoha, "My goal is for us to play better every day," said Pep Guardiola. http://bit.ly/DohaDay2

More pics from day 2 in Doha: http://bit.ly/DohaDay2Gallery, From the training camp in Qatar, Pep on Manuel Neuer and the Ballon d'Or and his goals for the season., Guardiola: "I hope Manu wins the Ballon d'Or"

Pep with some words of advice for Neuer before the awards ceremony on Monday: http://bit.ly/PepOnNeuer, Reina and Lewandowski about winter training and conditions in Doha, Qatar: "Good facilities here, good weather to train. Get the rhythm, get the fitness and get back stronger.", Some familiar faces have been watching on at training. :), Preparing for the second half of the season! #VolkswagenCampQatar, Caption this winter training camp classic. :p, A look back in history. FC Bayern's "Desert Tour" with Kahn, Lahm, Podolski and Co. Kicking the ball in the sand isn't that easy. ;), Congrats, boys! With Neuer, Lahm, Alaba and Robben, FC Bayern Munich have the most players in the UEFA.com Team of the Year! http://bit.ly/UefaTOTY2014, Takeoff! :D, Breakfast at the airport - everyone's in a good mood ahead of the training camp in Doha! #VolkswagenCampQatar, 49 years ago today, FC Bayern Munich won their first derby at home in the Bundesliga 3:0 against rivals TSV 1860 Munich. 20-year-old Franz Beckenbauer and Gerd Müller wer on the field that day. #TBT, The FC Bayern players return from their winter break and transfer news., It starts tomorrow: The #VolkswagenCampQatar. We'll be bringing you daily updates, cool pics, clips, live training + lots more. Any other requests?, Shaqiri set to move to Inter Milan! Agreement between FCB and Inter is reached. He will undergo a medical tomorrow and then sign a contract. 

Thank you for your time at FCB and all the best in Italy! http://bit.ly/HojbjergShaqiri, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg has extended his contract until 2018 and will spend the rest of the season on loan at FC Augsburg. 

We wish him all the best in Augsburg and look forward to his return on July 1st. http://bit.ly/HojbjergShaqiri, Fantastic! Manuel Neuer has been chosen as the World's Best Goalkeeper the second year running. Congratulations, Manu! http://bit.ly/NeuerWorldsBestGK

Is the Ballon d'Or next? #NeuerForBallonDor, #JeSuisCharlie #MiaSanMia, Bastian Schweinsteiger and Holger Badstuber watched Americans Bryce Taylor, John Bryant and Bo McCalebb star in FC Bayern Basketball's Eurocup win today. http://bit.ly/BayernBasketballEuroCup, The boys are back in town! 

Watch the entire first training session of 2015 here: http://fcb.de/TrainingReLive, Training in a winter wonderland :D

More on the first training session from 2015: http://bit.ly/TrainingStartsAgainFCB, Pre-training selfie from Claudio Pizarro. The team is back together again and second half of the season officially starts today! #FCBayernSelfie, Maradona thinks Manuel Neuer should win the Ballon d'Or, not Messi or Ronaldo. http://bit.ly/MaradonaOnNeuer

Thanks for the vote of confidence, Diego! ;), Invincible! 

FC Bayern Munich's 2014/15 home record: 12 games at the Allianz Arena, 12 wins!, Back to business this week. Here's an overview of FC Bayern Munich's winter training schedule. http://bit.ly/FCBWinterSchedule1415

And we will broadcast the first training session of 2015 live on youtube.com/fcbayern tomorrow at 10:30 am EST., #MiaSan26Million!

Thank you for your great support! 
Vielen Dank für eure überragende Unterstützung!
¡Muchas gracias por vuestro gran apoyo!, A training session with the original Titan in goal, Oliver Kahn., Happy Birthday! We wish Uli Hoeneß all the best on his 63rd birthday! 

Mia San Mia, David Alaba, Holger Badstuber, Medhi Benatia, Pierre-Emile Højbjerg and Tom Starke are working hard towards their comeback! http://bit.ly/TrainingStartsFor5, Bundesliga players have voted Robben and Neuer as the best players in the first half of the season!

Your FCB player of the first half of 2014/15 was ______, Here's how the FC Bayern Munich players are spending their well-deserved holidays. Training officially kicks off again on January 7., "With Xabi, one quick glance is enough."

Robben on midfield maestro Alonso, the comeback of Schweinsteiger, the Champions League and his thoughts on Neuer and the Ballon d'Or. http://bit.ly/RobbenInterviewPartII, I love FC Bayern Munich because …, Bastian Schweinsteiger returns to pitch, Manuel Neuer is nominated for FIFA Ballon d'Or and FC Bayern goes into the winter break top of the table., The first FC Bayern player has arrived at Säbener Straße!

http://bit.ly/Badstuberisback, MIA SAN MIA

The family keeps growing. :), Don't let the ball drop! :D

Makaay, Sagnol, Ballack and Co. juggling with a mini ball., FC Bayern Munich legend and ambassador Paul Breitner will speak at the NSCAA Convention in Philadelphia this year about Bayern's philosophy and developing world champion players. http://bit.ly/BreitnerNSCAA2015, New players, new goals, Oktoberfest and an audience with the Pope! Watch the 4th episode of the #FCBReview2014:, What was the best goal of 2014? Thiago's overhead kick against Stuttgart? Boateng's last-minute screamer against Man City? Let us know!, Arjen Robben opens up about the best year of his career: the World Cup, how he keeps in shape and his own song. http://bit.ly/RobbenInterviewPartI, A message from FC Bayern Frauenfußball. :)

Looking forward to meet you in Florida this year in January! #FCBinFlorida, Just 4 more weeks until the second half of the season begins. How are you passing the time without the Bundesliga?, Manuel Neuer the Wall :D
#NeuerforBallonDor, FC Bayern Munich have signed European U19 Champion Joshua Kimmich. He will join Bayern on July 1 2015. The 19-year-old agreed a contract until June 30, 2020. http://bit.ly/FCBsignKimmich, This is how the FC Bayern stars celebrated New Year., Bored during the winter break? Caption this classic photo shoot with Manuel Neuer. #Vogue :p, Little throwback, Michael Ballack juggling the ball with his shoulder. #TBT, What was your personal highlight of 2014?, A visit to the Pope, Schweinsteiger's return, record profits and Neuer's Ballon d'Or nomination dominated the end of the year for FC Bayern Munich, a detailed look back here: http://bit.ly/2014ReviewPartIII, Happy New Year! Here's to an even greater 2015!, Thank you for your fantastic support online in 2014! 

This has been our social growth. Do you have any feedback or requests for the FC Bayern social media team for 2015?, Happy New Year!

Share this message with your friends, so that we reach all FC Bayern Munich fans!

Feliz año nuevo a todos los aficionados del FC Bayern München!

Comparta este mensaje con sus amigos para que llegue así a todos los aficionados., Enjoy your New Year's Eve and a Happy 2014 to each and every one of you! See you in 2015! ;), You are the best fans in the world. All the achievements in 2014 would never have been possible without your infinite support! Thank you so much!, FC Bayern Munich players shine at the World Cup in Brazil, the US tour, new faces and a Champions League sensation in Rome - the second half of 2014 in detail: http://bit.ly/2014ReviewPartII, To end the year, here's the 2014 Bundesliga table. Looks good for us! :p, Award season for FC Bayern Munich, Champions League record and the domestic double - the first half of 2014 reviewed in detail: http://bit.ly/2014ReviewPartI, French magazine L'Equipe voted Manuel Neuer the No. 1 player of 2014. The list includes 15 players who have featured for FC Bayern Munich in 2014. http://bit.ly/LEquipe100, The funniest moments of 2014 :D, Berni's New Year’s resolution: Exercise more! What’s yours?, What was the best performance in the DFB Cup in 2014?, Congrats, Medhi (Mehdi) Benatia! 

Winner of the Best Arab Player 2014 Globe Soccer awards!, "I think he'd bang in a few as a striker in the second division." (Miro Klose on Manuel Neuer) :p, "I can only advise every young player to watch them and learn from them."

Sammer on Ribery & Robben and the Ballon d'Or: http://bit.ly/SammerInterviewPart2, Rafinha Official vacation selfie with Neymar. ;), Berni on Tour 2014 :)

More: www.facebook.com/FCBerni, Another milestone for FC Bayern Legends. 44 years ago today, Gerd Müller became the first German player to win the Ballon d'Or and be named "European Footballer of the Year." He also won the "Golden Boot" as Europe's top goalscorer that year. #HistoryLesson ;), "That's the mark of champions" 

Sporting director Matthias Sammer weighs in on the first half of the season, Pep Guardiola and injury updates. http://bit.ly/SammerInterviewPart1, This summer was all about one thing: the World Cup! 14 of our players took part! And everybody knows what happened..., MIA SAN MIA, 42 years ago today, "Kaiser" Franz Beckenbauer became European Footballer of the Year for the first time - FC Bayern Legends, 135 - That was how many goals FC Bayern Munich put past their opponents in 2014!, The countdown to New Year begins!, Happy Holidays also from FC Bayern Basketball who won big the day after Christmas! Well done!, Ok, we needed to post these because they're too good! FC Bayern on the moon and a Xmas tree full of Müllers! 

Thanks for the great pics! :D, FC Bayern Munich wins the German Championship and the German Cup - and celebrate like a boss!, What was under your Christmas tree this year? Anything red and white and with an FCB logo on it? :D, ♪ ♫ Sleigh bells ring, are you listening, 
In the lane, snow is glistening
A beautiful sight,
We're happy tonight.
Walking in a winter wonderland Allianz Arena. ♪ ♫, A message from our resident American in Munich. :D, A very merry Christmas also from Berni! Hope you're enjoying opening all your gifts!, Here's how the FC Bayern players are celebrating. :), We would like to wish all FC Bayern Munich fans a Merry Christmas. :), 24 days in December, 24 German Championships for FC Bayern. Check out FC Bayern Legends for more of FCB's historic teams., Frohe Weihnachten // Merry Christmas :)

Best wishes from all the players: http://bit.ly/FCBxmasWishes, Tree decorated, presents wrapped, surrounded by family – that’s what Christmas is all about!, Frohe Weihnachten // Merry Christmas // Feliz Navidad, FC Bayern Munich Christmas Song Fan version!, #FCBxmas! The best present from FC Bayern this year was _____________., ♪ ♫ Snowflakes falling down, on every little town
A blanket of stars above
Church bells are ringing, children are singing
It's Christmas, it's Christmas, Christmas everywhere ♪ ♫, How have you decorated your Christmas tree? :D, Müllered ;)
#FCBxmas, A casual stroll through the Xmas market in NYC. Happy Holidays #FCBayernUS fans! :), Highlights on Highlights - A look back at a year's FCBtv News and a memorable 2014., German national team voted 2014 Team of the Year (in Germany).

Congratulations to Germany and above all our World Champions!, In need of some last-minute gift ideas? Our online store has some great deals for the special FCB fan in your life. :D
http://bit.ly/ShopFCBXmas, TOP AT CHRISTMAS!

MIA SAN MIA, #FCBxmas - 22: Goal or no goal? Post your answer in the comments!, David Alaba is......the Christmas Ninja! :D  Thanks for the great pic, David! http://instagram.com/da_27, Franck Ribéry nominated for Ballon d'Or and Alaba's free kick show! Watch our first episode of the #FCBReview2014!, null, World Champions²
December 21, 1976: Club World Cup winners in Belo Horizonte
December 21, 2013: Club World Cup winners in Morocco, Dancing with Thomas Müller, Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben, Dante & Co.
#FCBxmas, 18 days of rest for the players now before the winter training begins. More on the entire winter schedule here: http://bit.ly/FCBWinterSchedule1415, Post your answer in the comments and you could win one of three signed Robben kits. Terms and conditions: http://fcb.de/TeilnahmeRobben, A big hand for #FCBayernUS fans all over the country! We thank you for your tremendous support throughout the year! :), No Basti, no Party! ;) 

A record lead in the Bundesliga! And now for a well deserved Christmas holiday!

http://bit.ly/RecordLead, Guardiola: "We played with real passion"

And it showed! http://bit.ly/ReactionsM05FCB, Respect, Xabi! Alonso gives his first interview in German after just 2 months of lessons!, He came, he saw and he scored: Bastian Schweinsteiger, Fußballgott!, FINAL SCORE

What drama!

http://bit.ly/MatchReportM05FCB, Gooooooooooooal Robben (90')

Goal number 10 for Arjen!

1. FSV Mainz 05 - FC Bayern Munich 1-2, HALF-TIME

How about that goal by Basti? What are your thougths on the first half?, Gooooooooooooooal Schweinsteiger (24')

1. FSV Mainz 05 - FC Bayern Munich 1-1, Players finished their warm-ups and are ready to go! Let's do it!, Our starting line-up:

Neuer - Dante, Ribery, Robben, Rafinha, Boateng, Bernat, Götze, Müller, Schweinsteiger (C), Hojbjerg

Live on: www.twitter.com/fcbayern
English: www.twitter.com/fcbayernEN
Espanol: www.twitter.com/fcbayernES

Pictures on www.instagram.com/fcbayern, Score predictions for this evening?

Our record in the last 20 Bundesliga games: 17 wins, 3 draws. Keep on plugging away, lads! http://bit.ly/PreviewM05FCB, For the final time in 2014... It's MATCHDAY!

http://bit.ly/PreviewM05FCB, #TBT 10 years ago, FC Bayern Munich played their first Bundesliga match against Mainz and won 4:2. Goalscorers look familiar to you guys? :D, The Big Apple meets Bavaria. Meet the Official FC Bayern München Fan Club New York City. #FCBayernUS 

http://bit.ly/FanClubProfileNYC, Final training session of 2014 at Säbener Straße: The players are working hard ahead of #M05FCB!

Match preview: http://bit.ly/M05FCBPreview, Congrats to Arjen Robben on his landmark and award and we look ahead to FC Bayern Munich's last match in 2014., 1. FSV Mainz 05 vs. FC Bayern Munich Dec 19, 2014 2:30pm EST, Reaching new heights, much like Manu - FC Bayern Munich's 3 goals conceded in 16 Bundesliga games is a new Bundesliga record! :D http://bit.ly/FortressFCB, FC Bayern Munich partnered with Goethe-Institut - Deutsch lernen  to engage kids around the United States. 

More info here: http://bit.ly/FCBGIPartnershipUS, Lights, Camera, Laser Show! Check out the light show on display at the last home match of the calendar year., Congrats Arjen: Dutch Sportsman of the Year 2014 and his 100th goal for FC Bayern. Brilliant! http://bit.ly/RobbenMilestone, New contracts: Tom Starke (33) extends until 2016. Gianluca Gaudino (18) now officially a first-team player, 4-year deal until 2018! http://bit.ly/StarkeGaudinoExtend, Want to see Basti, Robben, Ribery and Co. sing "We Wish You A Merry Christmas?" What's Basti looking for?

Find out more here: http://fcb.de/FCBChristmasCaroling, A legend of the game has retired today. Au revoir, Thierry Henry! Thanks for the special memories! - Jérôme Boateng Official, Thank you for your amazing support, FC Bayern fans!

Awesome Philips laser show plus Christmas music at Allianz Arena after the game. A great way to end the final home game of 2014!

More pictures on www.facebook.com/FCBAllianzArena, FINAL SCORE
FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 SC Freiburg
Goals: Robben (41'), Müller (48')

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCBSCF
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCBSCF, TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR @ Allianz Arena

Müllered! (48')

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 SC Freiburg, HALF-TIME @ Allianz Arena
FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 SC Freiburg

Your impressions from the first half?, TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR @Allianz Arena!

Goalscorer: Arjen Robben (41') with his 100th competitive goal for the club!

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 SC Freiburg, KICK-OFF @ Allianz Arena
FC Bayern Munich vs SC Freiburg, The players have arrived at the stadium, the pitch is ready and this is the official line-up:

Neuer (C) - Alonso, Dante, Benatia, Ribéry, Lewandowski, Robben, Rafinha, Bernat, Götze, Müller, Predictions? What do you guys think will happen in today's game?

FC Bayern Munich have won their last 11 home games against SC Freiburg at the Allianz Arena., For the last time in 2014… MATCHDAY @Allianz Arena!, Have you taken a #FCBayernSelfie lately? Then send it to us with #FCBayernUS and we'll post the best ones! :), Guardiola, Müller and Lewandowski weigh in on FC Bayern Munich's Champions League draw.

What do you think?, FC Bayern Munich vs. SC Freiburg @ Allianz Arena December 16, 2:00 pm EST, FC Bayern Munich have drawn Ukrainian champions Shakhtar Donetsk. First leg: February 17 in Lwiw, second on March 11 in the Allianz Arena.

Your thoughts?

More info on the draw: http://bit.ly/Last16CLDraw
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsCLDraw, Top of the morning, FC Bayern Munich fans! Two more games but one thing is certain: We'll be top at Christmas! :), After this weekend, FC Bayern Munich are the only team left unbeaten in the league in Europe's top 5 divisions. So proud!

MIA SAN MIA!, Juventus Turin, FC Basel, FC Arsenal, Paris St. Germain or Schachtar Donezk?

Who will face FC Bayern Munich in the UCL round of 16? Find out in the draw on Monday, 12:00 CET. http://bit.ly/CLDrawRoundof16, null, #FCBayernUS Fan Clubs with another strong showing this weekend, just like the first team. :D

Find a fan club near you or start your own and join the family! http://bit.ly/StartAFanClub, Thomas Müller is quite good in goal. If we ever need another backup goalie.... :D

Watch as Lewandowski and Shaqiri try to score on him., Tobias Schweinsteiger came out to support his brother Bastian Schweinsteiger today. #FCBSelfies. Mia San Family, Just another day at the office for Manuel Neuer, making tackles in midfield. #NeuerForBallonDor, 4 goals in 12 minutes and 55 seconds. Well done, boys!

Schweinsteiger: "We really went for it." http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCAFCB, FC Bayern Munich are "Herbstmeister" or "Fall Champions" for the fourth time in a row - the first time in Bundesliga history!, FINAL SCORE

HERBSTMEISTER! 

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCAFCB
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCAFCB, And the score is doubled within minutes again! Incredible!  4-0!

2x Robben, 1x Lewandowski, 1x Benatia!, Gooooooooooooooooaaaaaaallll(s) Benatia (58.) + Robben (59.)!

Two goals in one minute! Benatia's first goal for the club! 

FC Augsburg 0 - 2 FC Bayern Munich, HALF-TIME

Your thoughts?, Let's do this!, LINE-UP

Pictures on instagram.com/fcbayern

Follow the game live also on: twitter.com/fcbayernEN // Deutsch: www.twitter.com/fcbayern // Español: twitter.com/fcbayernES, Robert Lewandowski is the Augsburg specialist, scoring 7 goals in 6 league games against them. Will he add to that in #FCAFCB? http://bit.ly/FactsFCAFCB, Gather your friends and family, get your jerseys on and join other #FCBayernUS Fan Clubs to watch FC Bayern Munich vs FC Augsburg tomorrow (Dec 13 @ 9:30 am EST). 

Here's where: http://bit.ly/WatchFCAFCB, FC Bayern Frauenfußball are coming to Florida in January and you can join them as a fan reporter! Watch the video and let Leonie "Leo" Maier and Gina #Lewandowski tell you how. #FCBinFlorida http://bit.ly/FCBTrainingCampFlorida, Big Bavarian Derby approaching: FC Augsburg vs. FC Bayern Munich 

Final training session held today ahead of #FCAFCB

Match Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewFCAFCB, Pass Challenge. Keep the ball away! How many passes can you count? :D, FC Augsburg vs. FC Bayern Munich, Dec 13, 2014 – 9:30 EST, The Schweinsteiger brothers having some fun. Whose English is better? :D, Caption this classic pic.  :p, Looking back at a successful Champions League campaign, Manuel Neuer on Thomas Müller's record and the approaching Bavarian Derby against Augsburg, Preparations are under way for FC Bayern Munich vs FC Augsburg.

We're looking at you, Bayern fans! ;), Group win ✓

Our possible last 16 opponents: Juventus, FC Basel, Arsenal, Paris St. Germain and Shakhtar Donetsk. Who would you prefer to face?

Analysis: http://bit.ly/AnalysisFCBCSKA, Amazing Skills & Goals by Mario Götze

You can view the full video here: http://youtu.be/PV5cw-m2IGM, 6 games, 5 wins and 16 goals in the Champions League group stage. We're proud of the boys! 

The draw for the Round of 16 takes place on Monday! Who do you want to see? http://bit.ly/Roundof16Draw, FINAL SCORE

FC Bayern Munich 3-0 CSKA Moscow

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCBCSKA
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCBCSKA, And the 3-0 scored by Maaaaaario ____________ (90')!, Roooooooooooooooooooode!

2-0 (83'), HALF TIME: 1-0 (Müller, 18')

Your thoughts?, Müllered! 1-0 (18')

It's his 24th goal for Bayern in the Champions League, a new club record!, ♪ ♫ The Chaaaaaaaampiooooooooooons! ♪ ♫, Welcome back, Bastian Schweinsteiger Fußballgott!

Follow the game live also on:

English: twitter.com/fcbayernEN
Español: twitter.com/fcbayernES
Deutsch: www.twitter.com/fcbayern

Pictures on instagram.com/fcbayern, FC Bayern Munich face CSKA Moscow in their final Champions League group stage match., Give it our all one more time at the Allianz Arena - Müller: "We want to play well and entertain the fans!", Arjen Robben has scored more goals against CSKA Moscow than against any other team in the Champions League.

More facts and stats ahead of the match: http://bit.ly/FactFileFCBCSKA, FC Bayern Munich coaches and scouts Sebastian Dremmler and Jürgen  Jung visited the GPS academies in Boston and Maine over the weekend. More on the visit and their youth partnership in the US here: http://bit.ly/FCBvisitsGPS, Welcome back, Zé Roberto, Daniel Van Buyten and Mark van Bommel! The trio watched FC Bayern's final training session. This special visit and other news: http://bit.ly/SpecialVisit, For the last time this year: ♪ ♫ Die Meister. Die Besten. Les grandes équipes. The champions. ♪ ♫

http://bit.ly/PreviewFCBCSKA, Thomas Müller on Sebastian Rode. ;)

Read our exclusive interview with Rode here, "I did everything right by joining Bayern." http://bit.ly/InterviewRode, Thank you for your amazing support! Check out what's happened in 4 years of FC Bayern on Facebook:, #MiaSan25Million! Milestone: http://youtu.be/-oS2uD97QQQ
Thank you for your amazing support!
¡Muchas gracias por vuestro gran apoyo!
Vielen Dank für eure großartige Unterstützung!, #FCBxmas - Day 8: Picture puzzle: Which of the FC Bayern Legends is hiding inside the CL trophy? A clue: The defender arrived in Munich in 1997 and played at FCB for 8 years., Preparation for FC Bayern Munich vs CSKA Moscow has begun - Ribéry, Rafinha & Co. all in good spirits in chilly Munich. 

Thomas Müller: "We want to please the crowd." http://bit.ly/BuildUpFCBCSKA, Highlights from FC Bayern Munich's Christmas party and a look back at an unforgettable 2014 by our captain Philipp Lahm., Welcome back, Holger Badstuber! 

Our no. 28 is back on the training pitch! http://bit.ly/BadstuberReturns, Still looking good at the top. :D, null, FC Bayern Munich are in the US and they're here to stay! Outlining the club's strategy and objectives. #FCBayernUS

http://bit.ly/BayernForbes, FC Bayern München Fan Club Washington, D.C. #FCBayernUS, Quick feet from our No. 1, Manuel Neuer !

#NeuerForBallonDor, Viva King Franck! Ribéry has enough reasons to celebrate: He scored his 100th competitive goal for FC Bayern Munich and is the French player with the most Bundesliga appearances! Chapeau! http://bit.ly/RiberyRecord, Counting Stars - Mario Götze met OneRepublic backstage before a German TV show last night., We thank you for your incredible support today! At the stadium or at home, you were fantastic!

MIA SAN MIA!, FINAL SCORE

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 Bayer 04 Leverkusen

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCBB04
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCBB04, Gooooooooooal @ Allianz Arena

Fraaaaaaanck ___ (53') with his 100th competitive goal for the club!

FC Bayern Munich 1 – 0 Bayer 04, HALF-TIME @ Allianz Arena

What are your thoughts on the game?, Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaayern!

Pictures on www.instagram.com/fcbayern
Match tracker 
English: www.twitter.com/fcbayernEN
Espanol: twitter.com/fcbayernES, Our starting XI for the BIG GAME!

Follow the game live also on:

English: twitter.com/fcbayernEN
Español: twitter.com/fcbayernES

Pictures on instagram.com/fcbayern, Jerome Boateng is unbeaten in his last 52 Bundesliga matches. Will he continue that run today? http://bit.ly/BoatengProfile, Big game day!, FC Bayern Munich are unbeaten in 17 league matches. Can they extend that streak against Leverkusen?

More stats: http://bit.ly/FactsFCBB04, Big week for our man, Jerome. Boateng received the prestigious Audi Generation Award for his sporting success and charity work. http://bit.ly/BoatengAward

via Jérôme Boateng Official #DresstoImpress, Bayern fans, this Saturday at 12:30 pm ET/9:30 am PST, whether you're in LA (fb.com/FCBayernMunchenLA), Boston (fb.com/fcbboston), San Francisco (fb.com/MiaSanFrancisco) or New York (fb.com/fcbayernfanclubnyc) there's a place to watch the big game with fellow fans. Here's where #FCBayernUS fan clubs around the country are watching: http://bit.ly/WatchFCBB04

Join in!, Hear from Pep's press conference and Arjen Robben ahead of the big match against Leverkusen in the latest FCBtv News:, The Bundesliga's two best attacks go head-to-head. Are you ready? 

Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewFCBB04, Deadly duo. Robben & Müller in fine form., FC Bayern Munich vs. Bayer Leverkusen @ Allianz Arena, Dec 6, – 12:30 pm EST., FC Bayern Legends Advent Calendar Day 4, the Fourth German Championship in 1973, another prolific season for top goalscorer Gerd Müller (36 goals in 34 matches)!
http://fcb.de/1973, Bastian Schweinsteiger against Leverkusen throughout the years., The winner of our Perfect FC Bayern Weekend Sweepstakes and his family had a good time in Munich and met some notable personalities along the way. ;)  #FCBayernUS, The Bundesliga will officially adopt goal-line technology in the 2015/16 season after a proposal submitted by FC Bayern Munich was approved by a majority of the league's teams. http://bit.ly/Goal-lineTech, Preparing for #FCBB04 under the floodlights and in a nippy 4°C at Säbener Straße. Keep moving, guys!, Third day on the #FCBxmas Advent Calendar, a look back at the third German championship back in 1972.
http://fcb.de/1972, Washington, DC is home to the White House, many historic monuments and various political groups but also to Official FC Bayern Munich Fan Club, FC Bayern Munich Fan Club Washington, D.C..

As part of our Fan Club Profile series, we take a look at how they got started and spread their Bavarian charm in the nation's capital. http://bit.ly/DCCapitol11Profile

#FCBayernUS, FC Bayern Munich have 14 players in the FourFourTwo Best 100 Players of the Year 2014 rankings, more than any other club. #FFT100 http://bit.ly/FCBonFFT100, Get your FC Bayern Munich Online Sticker Album with exclusive content now and win official autographed prizes! http://fcb.de/OnlineAlbumFBEN #2stic, Young soccer fans from Florida were greeted by Dante Bonfim's big smile at Säbener Straße. Not a bad field trip to take, eh? ;), Best of Pep ;-)
#FCBxmas, FC Bayern Munich fans from the US were out in full force supporting the team over the weekend, even all the way in Berlin! Keep sending us your photos using #FCBayernUS. We're happy to share them, wherever you are! :), Recovery with a great view. David Alaba took in the NY Knicks vs Miami Heat game over the weekend in NYC. Thanks for the cool pics, David!, Three FC Bayern Legends !

"Pep has developed a whole new way of training." http://bit.ly/LizarazuInterview, Sprints, shots and goals, goals, goals! Watch today's FCB training in full here: http://bit.ly/LiveTrainingFCB, Neuer on the Ballon d'Or nomination, Reina's comeback and FC Bayern shop opens in Berlin., Welcome back, Pepe Reina!

Our number 23 returned to the training pitch this morning.

"I'm working hard and I'm very optimistic." http://bit.ly/VideoReinaInterview, FCB Advent Calendar - a look back at FC Bayern Munich's very first championship in 1932. http://bit.ly/FirstTitle1932, Best FC Bayern Munich goals in autumn - Which is your favorite?, Get your Cyber Monday shopping on with some extra savings! http://bit.ly/CyberMondayFCB, #NeuerForBallonDor, Congrats! Manuel Neuer has been shortlisted for FIFA Ballon d'Or 2014 along with Cristiano Ronaldo & Lionel Messi! http://bit.ly/NeuerBallonDor

#NeuerForBallonDor, In first on the first. Happy December and a great start to the week, everyone! :)

http://bit.ly/AnalysisHSCFCB, A special guest at FC Bayern Basketball's game this weekend., It's beginning to look a lot like Xmas. :D

The #FCBxmas advent calendar begins tomorrow. A fantastic surprise on FCB platforms awaits you every day! Don't miss it!, Manu, the Libero.
Sweeperkeeper Manuel Neuer., We wish you a great first Advent Sunday of 2014! #FCBxmas, A little trip back in time when the likes of Elber (3), Pizarro (2) and Ballack all scored in a 6-3 win against Hertha Berlin at the Olympiastadion 11 years ago. Also featuring a young Basti. ;)

More nostalgic moments for Bayern fans on our FC Bayern Legends page., Brilliant support in Berlin today!  Melody sound familiar? :D, FC Bayern Munich have won their last 29 Bundesliga matches in which Arjen Robben has scored. Coincidence? ;), Back to Munich! Berlin, we would like to be back again soon. ;)

- Robert Lewandowski, FINAL SCORE

Hertha BSC 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportHSCFCB
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsHSCFCB, HALF TIME

Robben's long-range screamer is the difference between the sides at the break.

Hertha BSC 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!!!!!! ROBBEEEEEEEN!!!!

Involved in 9 goals in last 6 games against Hertha now!

Hertha BSC 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, Kick-off in Berlin! Bring back the 3 points, lads!

Hertha BSC vs. FC Bayern Munich, Our starting XI against Berlin:, It's here! Manuel Neuer and Co. are ready. Are you? Predictions?, Good memories from the last trip to Berlin. ;)

Here's where to watch the match against Hertha tomorrow: http://bit.ly/WatchHSCFCB, Jérôme Boateng Official and Pep Guardiola weigh in on the midweek loss to Manchester City and bouncing back in the weekend game against Hertha Berlin. http://bit.ly/FCBtvNewsHSCFCB, 528,7 Mio record turnover, 1.3 million kits sold, Allianz Arena paid off! The growth continues! http://bit.ly/RecordTurnover2014, Incredible! With more than 250,000 members, FC Bayern Munich is the biggest club in the world! Announced at the Annual General Meeting today.

MIA SAN MIA!, Final preparations. The team are on their way to the capital after the morning training session - bring back the next 3 points, lads!
Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewBSCFCB, Watch it live! FCB.TV is broadcasting a free live-stream of the Annual General Meeting from 1:00 pm EST with a big announcement: http://fcb.de/LivestreamJHVEN, Intercontinental Cup champions! 13 years ago today, Sammy Kuffour scored in extra time for FC Bayern Munich to beat Boca Juniors and become World Club Champions! #TBT, After signing a youth partnership in the US, the guys from Global Premier Soccer (GPS) went inside FC Bayern Munich's Youth Academy.http://bit.ly/GPSvisitMunich, Black Friday is right around the corner. Check out the deals on FC Bayern Munich merchandise in our online store while they last!
http://bit.ly/BlackFridayDealsFCB, Hertha Berlin  vs. FC Bayern Munich, Nov 29 @ 9:30 am EST, Happy Thanksgiving to everyone! We're thankful for the best fans in the world! :), Congrats to Philipp Lahm, Jérôme Boateng Official and David Alaba who are amongst the nominated defenders for FIFA's Team of the Year 2014. http://bit.ly/FCBFIFAWorldXI, If you can juggle a sock, you must be on a good road to recovery! Thanks for the great video, Javi Martínez. Can't wait to see you back on the pitch! :), 9 FC Bayern Munich players are up for UEFA's Team of the Year! http://bit.ly/UEFATeamoftheYear

Bayern fans, cast your vote now! http://en.toty.uefa.com/, Two legends of the beautiful game, Bastian Schweinsteiger and Frank Lampard., Training in 2 groups the day after the game: Light training on the pitch for some, a recovery session on the bikes in the team hotel for the rest before heading back to Munich.

"Lessons learned" http://bit.ly/AnalysisMCFCFCB, Because why not? Watch the full video as Schweinsteiger & Müller played goalkeeper and Neuer took the shots this time! :D
http://bit.ly/RoleReversalTraining, 90 minutes of pure passion on the field, in the stands and online. Once again, thanks for all the great support! #FCBayernUS

MIA SAN MIA!, FINAL SCORE. Brave effort from the team!

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportMCFCFCB
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsMCFCFCB, Yessssssss (45')! Comeback!

Manchester City 1 - 2 FC Bayern Munich, Gooooooooooooooooooooooool (40')!

Goal for the birthday boy! Bravo!

Manchester City 1 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, PACK MA’S! Let's do this!

Live pictures: www.instagram.com/fcbayern 
Liveticker English: www.twitter.com/fcbayernen
Liveticker Deutsch: www.twitter.com/fcbayern
Liveticker Espanol: www.twitter.com/fcbayernes, Line up: Manchester City vs FC Bayern Munich:

Neuer (C) - Alonso, Benatia, Ribery, Lewandowski, Robben, Rafinha, Boateng, Bernat, Rode, Hojbjerg, Arjen Robben has faced Manchester City six times and won all six games! Seventh heaven today?
http://bit.ly/PreviewMCFCFCB

If you're watching the match in the US today send us your pics with #FCBayernUS and we'll post the best ones! 

MIA SAN MIA!, Role reversal. 

Müller & Schweinsteiger in goal and Neuer taking the shots. #TotalFootball ;)

Video: http://bit.ly/RoleReversalTraining, Champions League is back. Predictions?

Manchester City vs. FC Bayern Munich November 25, 2014 @ 2:45 pm EST, Happy 33rd Birthday, Xabi Alonso!

Hopefully you can have three points as a gift today! 
¡Ojalá haya como regalo los tres puntos!, UEFA is recalling the 60 best goals in Champions League history. You can watch and rate your favorite. We know what ours is. Remember this one? ;)
http://bit.ly/RobbenVsManUtd, FC Bayern Munich at the Munich airport looking classy in their Made To Measure #GiorgioArmani suits. http://bit.ly/19inCLSquad

#SharpDressedMan, Arjen Robben weighs in on the CL match Manchester City game and why there is still much at stake despite having won the group already. http://bit.ly/PreviewMCFCFCB, Mario Götze and Co. before their trip to Manchester. Hopefully we'll see all of them together on the pitch again soon!, Guardiola: "We're delighted to already be through. But the Champions League is always prestigious…”

Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewMCFCFCB, Manchester City vs. FC Bayern Munich November 25, 2014 @ 2:45 pm EST, We're back in Champions League mode! 

Some fun in training, then heading straight to Manchester. http://bit.ly/ReturntoCL, Good morning FC Bayern Munich fans! We've extended our lead and Bastian Schweinsteiger is back - the perfect weekend!, The focus shifts to the Champions League and Manchester City for FC Bayern Munich as they trained in frosty conditions on Sunday. http://bit.ly/CityUpNext, We really have the best fans, don't we? From San Francisco to Arizona to Washington DC to New York! #FCBayernUS fans were out in full support for the game yesterday and we thank you for it! :), He's baaaaack! And now: "Let´s get ready to rumble!"

More on Schweinsteigers Comeback: http://bit.ly/SchweiniReturn, New Club Record!

With just 3 goals conceded in the first 12 Bundesliga matches, FC Bayern Munich have set a new club record! Congrats team! http://bit.ly/RecordFCBTSG, Whether at the stadium or online, thanks for the brilliant support today! :) 

Mia San Mia!, "I was really touched. You never forget moments like that." (Schweinsteiger on his comeback) http://bit.ly/SchweiniReturns

Good to have you back, Basti!, FINAL SCORE

FC Bayern Munich 4 - 0 TSG Hoffenheim

Still unbeaten on the season. 31 goals scored, 3 conceded. Well done, lads!

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCBTSG
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCBTSG, 4:0 by Sebastian RODE with his first Bundesliga goal for Bayern! (87')

Schweinsteiger with the assist! 

FC Bayern Munich 4 - 0 TSG Hoffenheim, GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL by ARJEN ROBBEN!!! (82')

FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 TSG Hoffenheim, Basti is BACK! (77')

His first competitive game in 132 days, since the World Cup final.

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 TSG Hoffenheim, ROOOOOOOOBERT LewanGOALski!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

His 8th goal in all competitions this season. 

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 TSG Hoffenheim, GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!!! 

MARIOOOOOOOOO GÖTZE!!! (23') A world class long-range goal!

FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 TSG Hoffenheim, Kick-off at Allianz Arena!

Come on, Reds!

FC Bayern Munich vs. TSG Hoffenheim, Here it is. Our starting XI against Hoffenheim:, It's back! The ball will be rolling in the Allianz Arena in a little over an hour at 9:30 am EST.

Predictions?, Bay Area residents, Danny Coyle's, viewing home of Mia San Francisco, is now serving Paulaner, the official beer sponsor of FC Bayern Munich. Become a member of Mia San Francisco and enjoy $1 off Paulaner during matches, including this Saturday, when Bayern takes on Hoffenheim (viewing tape delayed at 10 am PST). http://fb.com/MiaSanFrancisco, Soccer culture in the US is alive and well and the FC Bayern Munich fans at Paulaner are a proof positive! Check out ONE World Sports's video from the Bayern v Dortmund Watch party in NYC and join in!
http://bit.ly/WatchFCBTSG, 17 Goals + 9 Assists = Brilliant output from our attacking trio!

FC Bayern Munich go into the game against Hoffenheim never having lost to them (8 wins, 4 draws). http://bit.ly/FactFileFCBTSG

Will Müller, Götze & Lewandowski add to their totals? ;), It has been a week of highs and lows for FC Bayern Munich, from injuries to extensions, get caught up with the news here: http://bit.ly/FCBtvNews, David Alaba: "The knee is looking good." 
More on the injury update: http://bit.ly/AlabaUpdate, Good news: Thomas Müller is back working with the team, Schweinsteiger also in the squad to face Hoffenheim!

Match Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewFCBTSG
More photos on our instagram account: instagram.com/fcbayern, The Bundesliga finally returns! This should be a good one!

When and where to watch: http://bit.ly/WatchFCBTSG, Great to see #Fußballgott Bastian Schweinsteiger back training with the team. He sends his regards. ;), Pep showing of his skills training with the team. His touch is still pretty good. :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lzlA9kAB7A&list=UUZkcxFIsqW5htimoUQKA0iA, The internationals returned to training! Boateng and Neuer are also fit and preparing for Hoffenheim! http://bit.ly/HoffenheimBuildUp, Get well soon, Philipp! We wish you a speedy recovery! 

Lahm's operation was a success: http://bit.ly/LahmsuccessfulOP, FC Bayern Munich vs. TSG 1899 Hoffenheim @ Allianz Arena, November 22 - 9:30 am EST, Get your holiday shopping in early at our online gift store: http://bit.ly/XmasFCB, Welcome back, Manu! Our Number 1 started training again!
http://bit.ly/NeuerBackTraining, Done deal: FC Bayern have extended sporting director Matthias Sammer's contract by three years until June 30, 2018! More on the big news here: http://bit.ly/SammerExtension, In an exclusive interview, FC Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm spoke about post-national team retirement, the idea of a 'Lahm Museum' and his soccer idol growing up. The answer might surprise you: http://bit.ly/LahmInterview, Speaking of Germany vs. Spain encounters: FC Bayern Munich players also won against Real Madrid on their way to their European Cup triumph in 1976. Gerd Müller scored two in that matchup. And is that another FC Bayern Legend in the background? :D, Final score: Spain 0 - 1 Germany 

Germany's first win against Spain since 2000. Spain's first loss at home in 8 years., Kick-off in Spain vs. Germany! Three FC Bayern Munich players are starting: Thomas Müller, Mario Götze and Juan Bernat., Teammates at FC Bayern Munich, opponents for their countries today, Robert Lewandowski and Xherdan Shaqiri! 

Poland vs. Switzerland November 18, 2:45 pm EST, Bayern captain Philipp Lahm fractures ankle and is out for 2-3 months. Get well soon, Philipp! Pep Guardiola also speaks about Germany's big game against Spain., Get well soon, Philipp!

Big blow for Philipp Lahm: The captain has suffered a fractured ankle. He needs an operation and will be out for around 3 months! 
More here: http://bit.ly/LahmInjuryUpdate, European Champs vs. World Champs, A brace of braces! On 16th August 2000, Germany beat Spain 4-1 in a friendly. Which two FC Bayern Munich legends scored two goals each? And who is Spain's No. 4 in the wall? ;), Mario Götze and Thomas Müller go into the big match against Spain as Germany's two top scorers (combined 17 goals in 2014). http://bit.ly/SpainVGermany, World Champs vs. European Champs - Mario Götze, Thomas Müller & Co. have landed in Spain and are ready!, Thomas Müller is fired up ahead of the big match against Spain, "It’s a very prestigious fixture and every player wants to be involved.” http://bit.ly/MulleronSpain, Watch an exclusive interview with Pep Guardiola as he discusses Spain vs Germany, Bastian Schweinsteiger and more: (English subtitles): http://bit.ly/VideoPepInterview, Three FC Bayern Munich players scored a brace in the international break. Well done, Thomas, Arjen, & Shaqattack! http://bit.ly/EurosRoundUp, Get well soon, Boa! 

Along with Manuel Neuer, Jerome Boateng (muscular problems in left calf) will also miss #ESPGER., Stay on the ball with our FC Bayern newsletter - sign up now & you could win a signed jersey: http://bit.ly/FCBNewsletter, Picture puzzle: Name the FC Bayern legend hidden behind the ball., 24 German Championships - 24 million likes on Facebook! THANK YOU, you are world class!, Get well soon, Manu! 

Neuer will miss Germany's match against Spain due to knee pain., FC Bayern Munich players work on their attacking skills and score lots of goals during their training session at Säbener Straße., In an exclusive interview, FC Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola spoke about the team's progress, Bastian Schweinsteiger and Germany's upcoming game against Spain. http://bit.ly/PepInterview, Germany vs. Gibraltar 4-0

Müller (2) and Götze on the score sheet. Well done, lads! ;), Plenty to smile about: Germany lead 3-0 at the break thanks to goals from Müller (2) and Götze., We've taken a close look at the line-ups and all 4 FC Bayern Munich players are in Germany's starting XI against Gibraltar!, Germany vs. Gibraltar, 2:45 pm EST

What are your predictions? What Bayern player will score? ;), Where can you watch Thomas Müller and the rest of the FCB stars on international duty? Find out here: http://bit.ly/FCBInternational, Legends! 12 years ago today, Bastian Schweinsteiger & Philipp Lahm made their first-team debuts for FC Bayern Munich against RC Lens. You all know the rest. ;) #TBT, International break reminds us of something that happened exactly 4 months ago....can't quite put our finger on it. :D, FC Bayern Munich and Global Premier Soccer (GPS) have announced a youth partnership that will give 55,000 kids in the US access to FC Bayern's Youth Academy. http://bit.ly/FCB_GPS_Announcement, Watch the entire training session from this morning here with Bastian Schweinsteiger, Franck Ribery, Dante and Co.: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZSyKzGq_MI, Wait...is that Diego Maradona in an FC Bayern jersey?!, Basti is back!
http://bit.ly/BastiReturns, There isn't just training happening at Säbener Straße. Our boys are also working hard with the German national team.

No hands, Thomas! :D, Don't miss it: We're streaming Thursday's training session from 11:15 CET live on YouTube (English commentary): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZSyKzGq_MI, 10 FCB stars in international action: http://fcb.de/Internationals1011, null, Cheers, captain! 31 years young! You deserve a cold one. ;), Pepe Reina doing a tour of the medical ward. You can put a smile on anyone's face, Pepe! :D, FC Bayern Munich on international duty, World Cup winners honored by the German president and more on FCBtv News. http://bit.ly/GermanyHonored, Welcome back, Fußballgott! http://bit.ly/SchweiniTraining

More: www.instagram.com/fcbayern, Happy 31st Birthday, Philipp Lahm!, Please be seated and turn off all your cell phones. The movie is about to start. ;), Looking good on the red carpet! The team posing at the premier of "Die Mannschaft" - the documentary about Germany's World Cup win in Brazil this summer., Müller, Lahm und Schweinsteiger flew to Berlin to receive the Silberne Lorbeerblatt (Silver Laurel Leaf) today for their World Cup win! Later it's the premiere of "Die Mannschaft.", A look at the Bundesliga table might just make the international break go by quicker. ;), November 9, 1989: FC Bayern Munich's Cup match against Stuttgart was suddenly delayed.

Reason? The Berlin wall fell.... #fotw25 #fallofthewall25, Bucket ball and obstacle courses as players compete in groups to juggle the ball with their heads across the field. ;), Just another day at the office. Neuer being Neuer ;)  

Even the Frankfurt players were impressed., 25 years since the Berlin Wall fell: Germany is celebrating, and so are FC Bayern! #fallofthewall25, Müllered³ ;)

Guardiola: "Thomas was ruthless in front of goal." http://bit.ly/MullerX3, Jérôme Boateng Official set a new Bundesliga record with today's win, going 50 consecutive league matches without losing. #LikeABoss
http://bit.ly/BoatengRecord, FULL-TIME: Eintracht Frankfurt 0 - 4 FC Bayern Munich

FC Bayern win their third game of the week in Frankfurt thanks to a Müller hat-trick & Shaqiri's late goal. Perfect week is complete!  #SGEFCB

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportSGEFCB
Reactions: http://bit.ly/MullerX3, GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL for FC BAYERN by SHAQIRIIIIIIIIII!

Eintracht Frankfurt 0 - 4 FC Bayern Munich, TOOOOOOR FOR THOMAS MÜLLER! Can you say hattrick? ;)

Eintracht Frankfurt 0 - 3 FC Bayern Munich, GOOOOOOOALLLL!!! Thomas Müller makes it 2-0 for FC Bayern Munich, HALF-TIME: FC Bayern Munich lead 1-0 with Thomas Müller's knee being the difference. #Müllered, GOOOOOOOOOOOAAALLLLL!!!! THOMAS MÜLLER! (22')

Scores with his knee. ;)

Eintracht Frankfurt 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, KICK-OFF! Pack ma's

Eintracht Frankfurt 0 - 0 FC FC Bayern Munich, 11 men with a mission to get 3 points. Our starting XI for today:, Come on you Reds!, null, Players having some fun during training.  Flicks, tricks, golf carts  and Thomas Müller taking a nap on the ball... :D, Tune your antennas and get your beer coasters ready. Check out where to watch FC Bayern Munich's match against Eintracht Frankfurt: http://bit.ly/WatchSGEFCB, Get well soon, David Alaba! The operation was a success: http://bit.ly/AlabaNews

Food for the soul! :), Injury update on David Alaba and Pep Guardiola's thoughts on Eintracht Frankfurt in the latest FCB.tv News.
http://bit.ly/YouTubeSGEFCB, Four FC Bayern Munich players were called up for Germany's games against Gibraltar and Spain this month.

Oh the memories..... :D

See who was nominated here: http://bit.ly/FCB4Germany, 1 week - 3 games. Let's make it three from three to complete a perfect week... ;), #TBT 14 years ago this month, FC Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 6:2 in the Bundesliga on matchday 11 with Mehmet Scholl and Hasan Salihamidzic each scoring twice. Dortmund's coach back then? A certain Matthias Sammer!, Get your shopping in early and check out the special sale at our online store. http://bit.ly/FCBSale, David Alaba diagnosis: Partial MCL tear and medial meniscus injury. Surgery required. Set for several weeks on the sidelines. Get well soon, David!

“This feels like a bitter blow for me at the moment.”

More details here: http://bit.ly/AlabaInjury, "I'm always happy when I'm on the pitch" - The King is back!

Lahm: "Franck's goal was crucial!" http://bit.ly/AnalysisFCBASR, Good morning, group leaders! :), 4 games, 12 points. 11 goals scored, 1 conceded. Group Winners. Great end to a great evening at the Allianz Arena.

Thanks, as always, for the great support! #MiaSanMia !, David Alaba picked up a medial collateral ligament injury in the match. There will be further tests in the morning. Get well soon, David!, Group winners after four matchdays! Not bad. ;)

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCBASR
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCBASR, GOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLL! Super Mario Götze makes it 2:0 (64')! His 9th goal in all competitions this season., Thank you, Franck! 1:0 at half-time @ the Allianz Arena., Gooooooooooooooool! @ Allianz Arena! Fraaaaaaaaaanck ___ (38‘)
FC Bayern 1! Roma 0!

Good to have you back, Franck!, PACK MA'S!

Photos: www.instagram.com/fcbayern
Liveticker Deutsch: www.twitter.com/fcbayern
Liveticker Englisch: www.twitter.com/fcbayernen
Liveticker Español: www.twitter.com/fcbayernes, Our starting XI against Roma today. Robben is suffering with a stomach bug. Get well soon, Arjen!

Predictions?, Home fortress - an 8th win in our 8th game of the season in the Allianz Arena and we're into the last 16!

Match Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewFCBASR, Bitter news: Claudio Pizarro has sustained a muscular tear in his right thigh and will be out for several weeks. http://bit.ly/PizarroInjury

Mala suerte: desgarro muscular en el muslo derecho. El delantero será baja varias semanas. http://fcb.de/LesionPizarro, A win today and Bayern not only qualifies for the KO stages but tops the group! Little over 5 hours to go!, One more goal would make Thomas Müller FC Bayern Munich's all-time leading goalscorer in the Champions League. Four more goals would make him leading German scorer in the competition. 
 
See who he's chasing in our Match Fact File: http://bit.ly/RomaFactFile, Pool Party in Munich. Some water polo with van Bommel, Ribéry, Luca Toni & Co way back in the day.
http://bit.ly/YouTubeFCBPool, The focus shifts to the Champions League and AS Roma. More from the pre-match press conference on the latest FCB.tv News.
http://bit.ly/YouTubeFCBASR, Autumn air in Munich - smells like Champions League football! 24 hours to go... #FCBASR!
Match Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewFCBASR, Welcome to Munich, AS Roma. ; ), FC Bayern Munich vs. AS Roma
Allianz Arena, November 5, 2014 @ 2:45 pm EST, He could score in his sleep! 

Happy Birthday 'Bomber der Nation', Gerd Müller! The legend turned 69 today., The Champions League balls are out again as the focus turns to FC Bayern Munich's Champions League match against Roma on Wednesday.

Alaba: "We’re still extremely hungry and ambitious." http://bit.ly/CLBuildup, One of only four players to feature in all 15 competitive matches for FC Bayern Munich this season - newcomer Juan Bernat has hit the ground running: http://bit.ly/BernatInterview, Good news: Schweinsteiger "will be back in 2014" - 
http://bit.ly/Basti2014

Comeback status: http://youtu.be/ID-3wXP_CcM, A good cup of coffee and a look at the league standings. Not a bad way to start the week. :D, Kind of Déjà-vu?, New York City was buzzing with fans at the Bayern vs Dortmund Watch Party at Paulaner. Hosted by FC Bayern Munich and the German Consulate of New York, there were giveaways, costumes and of course, lots of beer!
More photos here: http://bit.ly/FCBBVBWatchParty, If you missed this morning's Google Hangout with Arjen Robben & Kevin Strootman before the big #FCBASR Champions League clash, you can watch the whole thing here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XYZ4tUN3nw, Brilliant support today from every fan! Thank you! 

Jerome, how many points again? :D, Arjen Robben meets AS Roma's Kevin Strootman in a Google Hangout tomorrow at 12:00 pm CET / 6:00 am EST here: http://t.co/k0SJRmmDak, SUPER ARJEN! SUPER BAYERN!

Robben's post-match interview: http://youtu.be/iNxHiWdLIiQ, FINAL SCORE

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCBBVB
Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCBBVB, 2-1!!! JAAAAAAA ROBBEN, TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR!!!! Finally!
Robert Lewandowski (72')
#FCBBVB 1-1, 60 minutes played - #FCBBVB 0-1
Come on, boys!, KICK-OFF #FCBBVB @ Allianz Arena - PACK MAS, Our starting XI for today! #FCBBVB #packmas, Many memorable games to choose from but which FCB game vs. BVB do you have the fondest memories of?, Kit: ✓ 
Scarf: ✓ 
Everything set for #FCBBVB: ✓, No matter where you are in the US from New York (fb.com/fcbayernfanclubnyc) to San Francisco (fb.com/miasanfrancisco) to Chicago (fb.com/ChicagoBayernFans) to Philly (fb.com/phillybayern), join fellow Bayern fans in mass to cheer on Die Roten against Dortmund.

Saturday, Nov 1, 2014
1:30 pm EST
12:30 pm CEST
11:30 am MST
10:30 am PST, Remember this moment? :D

Whether it's the 11-1 win, Frank Mill, Kung-Fu Khan or the CL triumph - you can view highlights of all recent FC Bayern vs. BVB clashes in FCB.tv classics. 

http://fcb.de/ClassicsBVB, FC Bayern's preparation and some background information on this great rivalry in the latest edition of FCBtv News.
http://bit.ly/YouTubeFCBNews, "Der Klassiker" will be broadcast in 208 of the 209 FIFA nations. Here's where to watch one of the most anticipated games on the world soccer calendar in the US & Canada: http://bit.ly/WatchFCBBVB, Drinks in the fridge? Snacks at the ready? Face paint prepared? Let the countdown begin!, And the award for best pumpkin carving goes to.....

Great work, Jasmin! 

Happy Halloween everyone! :), FC Bayern Munich vs. Borussia Dortmund
November 1, 2014 1:30 pm EST @ Allianz Arena, 4 goals in one game. Maybe a once-in-a-lifetime occurrence for some players. For Gerd Müller it happened 14 times in his Bundesliga career. 38 years ago today was one of those times in 6-2 win against Hamburg. Goals on goals on goals. #TBT, Congrats! David Alaba has been named Austria's Sportsperson of the Year for a second time!, Come join our watch party at Paulaner this Saturday. We'll have giveaways, food & drink specials and more for the biggest game on the German soccer calendar., FC Bayern Munich and SAP Sports teamed to help a new technology school in New York during their Month of Service. This also meant back to school for Berni!
http://bit.ly/YouTubeFCBSAP

Read more about the day here: http://bit.ly/MonthOfService, Mission accomplished! Now it's back to Munich for Juan Bernat & Co. Safe flight, lads!, Thanks for all your great support today! :)

MIA SAN MIA!, FC Bayern Munich have been drawn against Eintracht Braunschweig in the Round of 16 (March 3rd/4th).
More on the draw here: http://bit.ly/DFBCupDraw

Your thoughts?, FINAL SCORE
Match Report: http://bit.ly/ReportHSVFCB, GOOOOOOOOOOLLLL! Fraaaanck Riiiiiibery! 3-0 (55.) 

Don't stop here guys! :D, HALF-TIME

Thoughts?, GOOOOOOOOOOOOOL. David Alaba makes it 2-0 for FCB (45.) Cruise control., GOOOOAAAALLLLLL for FC Bayern! Robert Lewandowski scores! (6')

Hamburger SV 0-1 FC Bayern Munich, KICK-OFF
Hamburger SV vs. FC Bayern Munich

Follow @FCBayernEN for live updates from tonight's DFB Cup clash.
La emoción de la copa en tu idioma en @FCBayernES., Our lineup for the cup match:

PACK MA'S, Super record! Thomas Müller has netted in each of his last 7 DFB cup games (10 goals, 3 assists). A good omen, perhaps? 
Match Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewHSVFCB, Go, Basti, go!, Matchday! Cup fever!

MIA SAN MIA!, null, Franck Ribery showing off some skills back in the day when he first joined the club. It was love at first sight. http://bit.ly/RiberySkills, You've earned your nominations lads! 
http://bit.ly/BallondOrFCB, Ballon d'Or nominations and looking ahead to the DFB Cup game against Hamburg on the latest FCBtv News.
http://bit.ly/FCBtvNewsBallondOr, Not long to go now.....this will be the 116th time these two sides will meet in a competitive setting and the 11th time in the DFB Cup., Players looked lively today in training. Ready for Hamburg tomorrow! 
Match Preview: http://bit.ly/PreviewHSVFCB, Amazing! Lahm, Schweinsteiger, Neuer, Müller, Götze and Robben all nominated for the #BallondOr. Pep Guardiola amongst nominees for FIFA World Coach of the Year: http://bit.ly/BallondOrFCB, Arjen Robben has been inducted in the DFB Walk of Fame. Well done, Arjen! We're proud of you!
http://bit.ly/RobbenHonored, Stay warm during the cold season with our fall outerwear.
http://bit.ly/ShopFCB, Preparations for the DFB Cup match against Hamburg are under way! Stay sharp, boys!, Our No. 1, Manuel Neuer, has not conceded a goal in 658 minutes, the fifth-longest run by a goalkeeper in league history., We go into German Cup week top of the table. Always a pleasant sight at the start of the week! ;), From coast to coast, thanks for all the great support today! 

MIA SAN MIA!, Manuel Neuer and Co. on the way back to Munich.

Hey Manu, not a bad game today! ;), FINAL SCORE
Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportBMGFCB
Match Gallery: http://bit.ly/GalleryBMGFCB, HALF-TIME
Borussia Mönchengladbach 0-0 FC Bayern Munich

Thoughts?, And we're off! Let's go lads!

Like = Away win, Line up 
Borussia Mönchengladbach vs. FC Bayern Munich:
Neuer - Alonso, Dante, Benatia, Lewandowski, Rafinha, Bernat, Götze, Lahm (C), Müller, Alaba, 4-3, 3-1, 2-0 - The last three Bundesliga meetings with Gladbach have all ended in FC Bayern Munich wins. 

Predictions for today?, MATCHDAY! Are you ready?, null, Little look back in history: On matchday 33 of the 1980/81 season, FC Bayern Munich secured an early Bundesliga title win thanks to a 4-1 victory in Mönchengladbach. 

This Sunday Bayern and Gladbach face off as first and second in the league for the first time in 40 years. What are your predictions for tomorrow?, The best defenses in the Bundesliga (Bayern have conceded only two and Gladbach just four), the best keepers (Neuer: 86.7 % shots saved / Sommer: 88.6) and the best goalscorers (Götze 6 / Kruse 5) face off tomorrow.

More on the big matchup here: http://bit.ly/PreviewBMGFCB, FC Bayern's top-of-the-table clash against Borussia M'Gladbach is not to be missed. Here's where to watch: http://bit.ly/BMGFCBonTV, Final preparations ahead of the top-of-the-table clash away to Borussia Mönchengladbach! 
More photos at: www.instagram.com/fcbayern, Borussia M'gladbach – FC Bayern Munich, 
Sunday Oct 26, 2014 12:30 pm EST, Amazing! We already have 23 million fans on Facebook! You guys really are our 12th man! #MiaSan23Million #MiaSanMia, The quickest Bastian Schweinsteiger interview ever! :D

Schweini injury update: http://bit.ly/SchweinsteigerUpdate, Bayern fans in the Bay Area, don't miss this weekend's marquee matchup against Gladbach on Sunday at 9:30 am PT. Join Mia San Francisco at Danny Coyle's on Haight street for some soccer and fun., Historic win in the Champions League, meeting with the Pope and a top-of-the-table clash awaits. An exciting week reviewed in the latest FCBtv News. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxoA1oVDGM8&list=UUZkcxFIsqW5htimoUQKA0iA, Going into the weekend strong. Both, FC Bayern men and women's team sit top of the table with identical records. We love ourselves a bit of symmetry. ;), FC Bayern Munich and adidas provided hundreds of clothing items and accessories to young refugees in Munich: http://bit.ly/BayernSupports

Karl-Heinz Rummenigge: "This is only a little help, but we hope it's a start.", Floodlights, football and a French winger.  Franck Ribery put in a late shift on what was supposed to be a day off for the team., Mehdi Benatia says respect was the key to victory in Rome. Read our full interview with the defender here: http://bit.ly/BenatiaInterview, If you want to win a 3-day trip to Munich to watch FC Bayern at the Allianz Arena and meet the players, all you have to do is subscribe to our newsletter. As a bonus, you get one month of FCBTV for free! ;)
http://bit.ly/SweepstakesUS, Good news for Thiago Alcantara. The Spain international has undergone successful surgery on his right knee after suffering a repeat medial collateral ligament injury. Get well soon! http://bit.ly/ThiagoUpdate, Bastian Schweinsteiger shows adidas Soccer how to take the perfect kick on Gamedayplus. Watch the video to learn how: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJUZSsjZ0Ww, null, MIA SAN MIA, No time to waste, the team went straight back to the training ground as soon as they returned from Rome. Hard work = high rewards., Keep pushing, always move forward!

¡Ánimo!, #FCBayernSelfie - Greetings from David Alaba, Juan Bernat, Xabi Alonso, Mitchell Weiser & Co from their flight back to Munich., A massive honour! Pope Francis hosts FCBayern for a private audience. Captains Philipp Lahm and Manuel Neuer present His Holiness with a signed FC Bayern jersey. http://bit.ly/FCBmeetsPopeFrancis

Grandísimo honor! El FC Bayern visita al Papa Francisco. 
Philipp Lahm y Manuel Neuer le regalan al Santo Padre una camiseta del FC Bayern en nombre de todo el equipo., Good morning. Remember yesterday? :D 

This is the aftermath., Arjen Robben: "You simply have to enjoy a night like this!"

Match Reactions: http://bit.ly/ReactionsROMFCB, In addition to the wonderful result today, it's also great to see you smiling and training again, Bastian Schweinsteiger! Keep pushing, Fußballgott!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ID-3wXP_CcM&list=UUZkcxFIsqW5htimoUQKA0iA, Thank you for your great support today. Whether in the stadium, at the bar or online, we share this great victory together!  #MiaSanMia, FINAL SCORE

AS Rom 1 - 7 FC FC Bayern Munich

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportROMFCB
Gallery: http://bit.ly/GalleryROMFCB, One more for good measure. 

Shaqattack makes it 7:1 for FC Bayern!!!!! (80'), Ribéry, Ribéry, Ribéry! (78')

He's baaaaaack!

AS Roma 1 - 6 FC Bayern, (only) HALFTIME

Thoughts? ;), !!!!!

Can you believe it? Words escape.... 

AS Roma 0 - 5 FC Bayern, 4:0! 4:0! 4:0!!!!! (30')

Unglaublich! Unbelievable! Add it in any other language..., LewanGOALski!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (25')

Hard to keep up!

AS Roma 0 - 3 FC Bayern, Götze makes it 2:0!!!!!!!!! (22')

AS Roma 0 - 2 FC Bayern, GOOOOAAAAAAALLLLL! FC Bayern take the lead through Arjen ROBBEN! (9') 

AS Rom 0 - 1 FC Bayern, Kick-off in Rome! Come on, lads!  #PACKMAS, PACK MA'S!

AS Roma vs FC Bayern Munich

Where to watch in the US & Canada: http://bit.ly/BayernonTV, MIA SAN MIA

The fans and Berni are ready - are you?, Sporty and elegant - the new Made to Measure uniform, created especially for FC Bayern by ARMANI, is worn on the trip to Rome for the first time. Take a look at the official team photo and watch the behind the scenes video of the shoot on http://Armani.com/LIVE, Good morning, it's Champions League MATCHDAY! Are you fired up?, FC Bayern Munich returns to Champions League action tomorrow against AS Roma at 11:45 am PT. Come out and support Die Roten in the Bay Area, join  Mia San Francisco in one of three locations., With FC Bayern in Italy this week, let's take a look back at some of our fondest memories. Which game in Italy is your favorite?
More on Bayern's record vs Italian teams: http://bit.ly/BayernVsItalians, FC Bayern Frauenfußball remain undefeated in the league and recorded another big win over the weekend. Check out all the goals below and read the report here: http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCBSCC

The touch on the third goal (0:36) was even, dare I say, Bergkamp-esque!, Buongiorno, Roma! 

The players arrived in the Italian capital earlier today. Not a single crease in their suits. ;)

Read the match preview for tomorrow's big game here: http://bit.ly/PreviewROMFCB, Rome, here we come! The lads looked sleek as they prepared to board the plane to Italy.

While you're at it, subscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date with the team and enter a chance to win a trip to Munich to watch FC Bayern and meet the players! http://bit.ly/NewsletterFCB, Can't wait..., The guys had some fun in their final training session this morning., Get better, Tom! 

Our Goalkeeper suffered a syndesmosis ligament tear in training. Operation today - long spell on the sidelines expected., Final training session before the flight to Italy - Xabi , Arjen and Co. can't wait to face AS Roma!

The focus shifts to Rome: http://bit.ly/FocusOnRome, Good morning FC Bayern Munich-Fans! We head to Rome today as Bundesliga table-toppers!

PACK MA'S!, null, AS Rom vs. FC Bayern Munich, October 21, 2:45 pm  EST, Olympiastadion Rom, Mirror image. FC Bayern Munich and FC Bayern Frauenfußball both lead their leagues with the same points total, goals scored, conceded and goal difference. ;), Franck Ribery made his comeback yesterday. Good to have you back on the pitch, Franck! More on the comeback here: http://bit.ly/RiberyComeback, Congratulations on scoring your first Bundesliga goal, Xabi! :)

Zorionak / Enhorabuena por tu primer gol en la Bundesliga, Xabi! :), Like = Happy Birthday, Dante Bonfim!

Your smile always cheers us up!, More good news to add to Bayern's big win today. Bastian Schweinsteiger is making progress and sends his regards to the fans.
More here: http://bit.ly/SchweinsteigerComeback, Want to see Lahm, Götze and Co. play live at the Allianz Arena and a chance to meet the players? Register for our newsletter and enter for a chance to experience the perfect FC Bayern weekend!  http://bit.ly/FCBSweepstakesUS, Today marks the 200th Bundesliga victory for Philipp Lahm (the 28th player to reach this figure) and he marked the occasion with 2 goals. Well done!
More from the captain here: http://bit.ly/Lahm200, FINAL SCORE

FC Bayern Munich 6 - 0 Werder Bremen

Dominant Bayern remain on top: http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCBSVW, TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOR by Mario Götze (86')!

24 goals in the last 4 gams against Bremen now for Bayern

FC Bayern Munich 6 - 0 Werder Bremen, LAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Captain Oh Captain with his second of the day!

FC Bayern Munich 5 - 0 Werder Bremen, What a GOOOOOOAL by Mario Götze! (45')
FC Bayern Munich 4 - 0 SV Werder Bremen

What a first half! What did you guys make of that?, GOOOOAAAAALLLLL!!!
Thomas Müller buries his penalty! (42')
FC Bayern Munich 3 - 0 SV Werder Bremen, GOOOOOOOOOAAAALLLL @ Allianz Arena!
Xabi Alonso scores a delightful free-kick! His first Bundesliga goal!
FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 SV Werder Bremen, GOOOOOOOOOOAAAALLLL!
Philipp Lahm (20')
FC Bayern Munich 1 - 0 SV Werder Bremen, Players all came out and we are on the way!  
FC Bayern Munich vs Werder Bremen! 

PACK MAS!, FC Bayern Munich vs SV Werder Bremen
Line-up
Neuer - Alonso, Dante, Robben, Rafinha, Boateng, Götze, Lahm (C), Müller, Alaba, Hojbjerg, FC Bayern have never lost to a bottom club at home when in top spot in the Bundesliga and Arjen Robben has never lost a match against Werder Bremen.

More interesting statistics and facts ahead of the match against Bremen here: http://bit.ly/FactFileFCBBRE, A reminder for US fans where you can watch Bayern's match against Bremen this weekend. http://bit.ly/WatchFCB, The first of 7 games in 22 days. A big month awaits FC Bayern Munich and it starts with Bremen. Read the match preview here: http://bit.ly/PreviewFCBWER, Thiago's injury, Alonso reflects on his arrival at FC Bayern and Pep on the upcoming match against Bremen. 

Catch up with this week's stories on the latest FCB.tv News

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmlOVOWp6rE&list=UUZkcxFIsqW5htimoUQKA0iA, At last! The Bundesliga returns in 24 hours!

Saturday, Oct 18 @ 9:30 am EST., null, FC Bayern Munich vs. SV Werder Bremen
October 18, 2014, 9:30 am EST, Allianz Arena, Because why not? Berni stopped by the Octoberfest celebration in NYC to see the Bavarian tradition alive and well in the US. Oh, and he's not a bad dancer either. ;), Like = Happy Birthday Mehmet Scholl!, Hard work brings results - Shaqiri & Benatia came in for an extra shift on a day off for FC Bayern on Thursday. 

More news of FCB's day off here: http://bit.ly/FCBDayOff, Dosenschießen - Xabi/Pep vs. Dante/Rafinha. Spain vs Brazil.

Best of 5 - Who will win? http://youtu.be/mwm-BwvNkdA, Xabi Alonso on why he joined FC Bayern, how he adapted so quickly and the role of a central midfielder. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXSthWmQk1g&list=UUZkcxFIsqW5htimoUQKA0iA, Hey FCB US fans, register for our newsletter and enter a chance to experience the perfect FC Bayern weekend in Munich: a game at the Allianz Arena and the opportunity to meet the players! http://bit.ly/FCBSweepstakesUS, Devastating news for Thiago and FC Bayern: Our midfielder has suffered another partial tear of the medial collateral ligament in his right knee in training. More info here: http://bit.ly/ThiagoInjury

Like = Chin up and come back soon, Thiago!, A massive honor for FC Bayern Munich. After the away game at AS Roma next week, the players, coaches and management will have an audience with Pope Franziskus. http://bit.ly/FCBmeetsPope

Gran honor para el Bayern: tras la visita a la Roma de la próxima semana, los jugadores, el entrenador y la directiva tendrán una audiencia con el Papa Francisco., Remember, you can stream FC Bayern's training session LIVE and in full length today from 10:00 am EST. It's worth the watch! 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OypURjfT7BE, Xabi stopped by the team's museum on Tuesday and hopes to make some of his own in his time with the club. http://bit.ly/AlonsoFCB

Alonso: "I'm looking forward to winning titles with FCBayern."

Alonso: "Tengo ganas de conquistar títulos con el FC Bayern.“, FINAL SCORE

Germany 1 - 1 Ireland
Goal by Toni Kroos 
Read the report here: http://bit.ly/ReportGERIRE, All four Bayern players, Neuer, Götze, Boateng, Müller, starting for Germany against Ireland today.

Good luck lads and stay fit! 

Germany vs. Ireland 2:45 pm EST, Ribéry is set for his comeback! He completed most of the team training today. Alaba and Bernat were also back after international duty.

Remember, you can stream Wednesday morning's training session live on YouTube: http://bit.ly/FCBTraining, Looking good!  Thiago Alcantara showing off some of his skills in training - we can't wait to see you back on the pitch soon! 
http://youtu.be/mtsIUOE3cHE, Back to work! After a three-day break, players took to the training pitches once again on Monday., We wish everyone a Happy Columbus Day!, Don't miss it: We're streaming Wednesday's training session from 10:00 am EST in full length and live on YouTube (English commentary):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OypURjfT7BE, Dream debut for Juan Bernat & David Alaba tops the table. FCB international round-up: http://bit.ly/BernatDebut, David Alaba and Austria earn a win to top their group while Juan Bernat scored on his international debut for Spain. Congrats boys!, Götze: "We played relatively well and had good chances. We could have played another half hour and we still wouldn't have scored. On Tuesday we're going to get the three points and things will look different.", FINAL SCORE
Poland 2 - 0 Germany

Read about the game here: http://bit.ly/MatchReportPOLGER, Poland 2 - 0 Germany

Euro 2016 qualifying - All 5 FC Bayern players start: 
Lewandowski vs. Neuer, Boateng, Götze und Thomas Müller, Classic Müller-ism. ;), Happy 24th Birthday Sebastian Rode!

"We definitely won't get bored during the international break." 
http://bit.ly/RodeInterview, Euro 2016 qualifying - Who will win?

Poland - Germany October 11, 2014 2:45 pm EST, Arjen Robben played the full 90 minutes in a 3-1 win for the Netherlands. Claudio Pizarro also in action with Peru against Chile at 7:00 pm EST., FC Bayern on international duty and how Philipp Lahm is finding his time away from the national team on the latest FCBtv News.
, "Football is my life" - That's Juan Bernat: http://youtu.be/k2hDoPLH0L8

"El fútbol es mi vida" - Así es Juan Bernat: http://youtu.be/k2hDoPLH0L8, Like = Happy Birthday Xherdan Shaqiri, Thomas Müller ahead of facing Robert Lewandowski and Poland: "We've agreed on a draw with a Germany win." ;), Congratulations to Landon Donovan on his career ahead of his farewell match with the US national team tomorrow. #TBT, Javi Martínez sends his greetings from sunny Munich. Get well soon! Vamos Javi!, Bernat set for his Spain debut, Alaba in Moldova, Shaqiri in Slovenia and Benatia against Central African Republic. The first Bayern internationals are in action today. Good luck boys and stay fit!, Welcome back! Thiago Alcantara completed parts of team training today for the first time since his injury!, Today was our first LIVE training on YouTube - Replay the training session with English commentary below:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqJT7IMwsrQ&feature=youtu.be, Amazing! Our English language Twitter account twitter.com/FCBayernEN now has 200,000 followers! Thank you! #MiaSanMia, 48 years ago, Georg "Katsche" Schwarzenbeck made his Bundesliga debut. If he wasn't already a FC Bayern legend, then this moment certainly made him one! His 120th minute equalizer against Atletico Madrid in the 1974 European Cup final., When there's Oktoberfest, FC Bayern is never far away! The German-American Chamber of Commerce celebrated the Bavarian tradition in San Francisco. Prost!, null, 12 Bayern players on international duty: Good luck lads and stay fit!, Allez Franck! Ribery is working hard for his comeback and training with the ball while teammates are away on international duty. #Skillz, 20 years ago today, FC Bayern legend Franz Beckenbauer became club president. Things have gone pretty well since. ;), Manuel Neuer, Jérôme Boateng Official, Thomas Müller and Mario Götze training with the national team., A little throwback in our #FCBTVClassics: Bastian Schweinsteiger, Roy Makaay and Co. try to score on Oliver Kahn.
, Mario Götze and Jérôme Boateng Official on their way to Frankfurt earlier to meet up with the German national team. Smile! :D, Congrats Thomas Müller! First the World Cup, and now the Silver Ball and Silver Boot!

That trophy cabinet is getting pretty big, Thomas! ;), Like = Get well soon, Pepe!

Pepe Reina has suffered a serious calf muscle injury. Sadly, our goalkeeper will be out of action for a number of weeks., Watch Xabi Alonso's first goal for FC Bayern and all the highlights from the Paulaner Cup: http://youtu.be/LfY4LrF9yHY, International break is here! Picture puzzle: Which one of FC Bayern's biggest international stars of the past is hiding behind the ball? ;), adidas CEO and FC Bayern chairman Herbert Hainer spoke about basketball's rising popularity in Germany, adidas' part in it and FC Bayern Basketball's new season., FINAL SCORE @ Paulaner Cup

FC Bayern 5 – 1 Paulaner Dream Team 
Highlights on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfY4LrF9yHY&feature=youtu.be, Repaso a la victoria ante el Hannover, la convocatoria de Bernat y la visita del club a la Oktoberfest ¡en español!
, Into the international break we go, top of the table!, The players weren't the only ones enjoying Oktoberfest. Berni stopped by Zum Schneider's "Munich on the East River" Oktoberfest celebrations in NYC. 

More photos here: http://bit.ly/OktoberfestUSA, FC Bayern Munich @ Oktoberfest. FCB TV News reporting from Munich.

Xabi Alonso: "It’s really enjoyable. I’ve seen pictures of the Oktoberfest but you have to experience it for yourself!", Prost Xabi Alonso! #MiaSanMia #Oktoberfest2014

More Oktoberfest pictures on www.instagram.com/fcbayern, null, FC Bayern Fanclub Long Island out in full force today supporting their team against Hannover.

Join up if you're in the area! https://www.facebook.com/groups/fcbfanclublongislandny/?fref=ts, Robert Lewandowski joined the selfie celebration game. 

Nice one, Robert! ;), Guardiola: "We could have had more." 

Read all the match reactions here: http://bit.ly/ReactionsFCBH96, FINAL SCORE

FC Bayern Munich vs. Hannover 96 4-0

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportFCBH96
Robben's post-match interview: http://bit.ly/RobbenInterview, GOOOOAAAAAALLLL! FC Bayern have their fourth goal. #Robben gets his second of the game., HALF-TIME: FC Bayern are 3-0 up. Are you enjoying the game?, FC Bayern Munich have made the perfect start and look on course to keeping up their great form during Oktoberfest. 

FCB 2 - 0 Hannover 96, Line-up vs. Hannover 96:

What are your predictions?, Matchday @ Allianz Arena

FC Bayern München vs. Hannover 96, FC Bayern Munich have won 22 of their 25 home matches against Hannover 96

More interesting facts and stats in our match fact file: 

http://bit.ly/FactFileFCBH96, Reminder for US fans, when and where to watch FC Bayern's Bundesliga game against Hannover this weekend.

http://bit.ly/FCBayernUSA, Injury updates on Ribery, Thiago and Schweinsteiger and Pep's thoughts on Hannover in our match preview: 

http://bit.ly/PreviewFCBH96, null, It's the Day of German Unity. Just as Germany is one, so is FC Bayern's global family. We wish everyone all the best! :), The clock is ticking....are you ready?!, Happy Birthday Claudio Pizarro (36)!, #TBT - Four years ago, FC Bayern Munich recorded their biggest-ever win against Hannover 96. Arjen Robben scored a hattrick in the team's 7-0 win (Thomas Müller and Ivica Olic each scored two goals)., FC Bayern Basketball begin their new season today – in honor of the occasion, we trawled through the archives and found this...

Philipp Lahm and Thomas Müller are quite good long-range shooters. :)

, Preparations for FC Bayern's home game against Hannover 96 have begun., null, MIA SAN 22 MILLION!

VIELEN DANK! THANK YOU! GRACIAS! 

MIA SAN MIA, Stay on the ball and never miss a beat by subscribing to our newsletter. Who knows, if you're lucky you might even win a signed team jersey. ;)

http://bit.ly/FCBNewsletter, Stay up to date on all the happenings of our Basketball and Women's teams:

http://bit.ly/FCBayernBasketball
http://bit.ly/FCBayernWomen, A little trip down memory lane in honor of FC Bayern's 100th Champions League win. These are some of our favorites over the years. What are yours?, FC Bayern celebrated their 100th Champions League win yesterday. The only other teams to have reached that number are Real Madrid, FC Barcelona and Manchester United. What have been your highlights?, Table toppers - How does this look, FC Bayern Munich fans?, On the way to the 2001 Champions League triumph, FC Bayern Munich also had to travel to Moscow. Back then they overcame Spartak 3:0 (Two goals from Mehmet Scholl and one from Paulo Sergio)., The players are on their way back to Munich with 3 points in hand. They won't be missing the weather for sure. 

Great pic, David Alaba!, Despite the empty stadium, FC Bayern Munich prevailed and sit atop their Champions League group following their 1:0 win. 

Check out our match gallery for more pictures from today's win: http://bit.ly/GalleryCSKAFCB, Guardiola: "Two wins in two games is very good."

All the reactions to FC Bayern's 100th Champions League win here:
http://bit.ly/ReactionsCSKAFCB, FINAL SCORE
CSKA Moscow 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich
Goal: Thomas Müller (22')

Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportCSKAFCB, HALF-TIME in Russia:
CSKA Moscow  0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich
Goal: Müller (22')

Thoughts so far?, GOOOOOOOOOOAAAAALLLLL! Thomas Müller converts his penalty (22')

CSKA Moscow 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, KICK-OFF - CSKA Moskau vs. FC Bayern München

A match behind closed doors! We need your support all the more. Show us how you're backing the lads with your comments or photos with #MiaSanMia, Line-up vs. CSKA: Neuer - Alonso, Dante, Benatia, Lewandowski, Robben, Bernat, Götze, Lahm (C), Müller, Alaba (Kick-off: 12:00 pm EST)

Live pictures: http://instagram.com/fcbayern
Live tweets: https://twitter.com/FCBayern, https://twitter.com/FCBayernEN, https://twitter.com/FCBayernES, Less than an hour to go now! Predictions?, A match behind closed doors in Moscow (Kickoff today at 12:00pm EST)! We need your support all the more. Show us how you're backing the team with your comments or photos below with #MiaSanMia, Matchday is here!

#packmas #CSKAFCB, Thomas Müller and Co. returned to the hotel after training today. Hopefully no fire alarms this time so a much-needed rest ahead of the game tomorrow. Looking forward to it! Good night everyone! :), 1974, ‘75, ‘76 !

#Humblebrag :)

Have a great start to the Champions League week!, Where to watch FC Bayern Munich's CL encounter with CKSA Moscow on TV in the US and Canada tomorrow: http://bitly.com/FCBonTV, null, A day away! Can you hear that Champions League anthem in your head already?, Lewandowski ahead of hte CSKA Moscow match: "We have to give it our all. This is the Champions League, only the best teams are involved."
____
Stay up to date on all the info by subscribing to our FCB newsletter:
http://fcb.de/USNewsletter, Lead extended! A quick glance at the Bundesliga table and then the focus turns fully to the Champions League!, A fire alarm in the team hotel forced staff and players out into the cold streets of Moscow. Some of the players took refuge in a nearby restaurant to stay warm until they were given the clear to return. 

Never a dull moment on the road for FC Bayern Munich. Good night everyone!, Hello, Moscow. FC Bayern landed in the Russian capital earlier today ahead of their Champions League encounter on Tuesday., Mehdi Benatia, David Alaba, Rafinha Official, Dante Bonfim and Pepe Reina say hello from the flight to Moscow., Pep, always learning. Even when waiting to board his flight to Moscow., Pep, always learning. Even when waiting to board his flight to Moscow., Back to the hotel after the game, some autographs for the fans before dinner and then bedtime before the flight to Moscow on Sunday morning. 

Good night everyone and as always, thanks for the great support!, Robben: "We let the ball do the work, created enough chances and deserved the win." 

Read all the match reactions here: http://bit.ly/ReactionsKOEFCB, Fans in San Francisco are celebrating today's win against Köln. 

Bayern fans in the US, share your photos with us below and join the global support!, Xabi Alonso touched the ball 206 times today against Köln - a new Bundesliga record. The previous high was 187 by Thiago Alcantara. 

Well done, Xabi!, FINAL SCORE
1. FC Köln 0 - 2 FC Bayern Munich
Goalscorers: Götze (19'), Halfar (Own Goal, 66')
Match Report: http://bit.ly/MatchReportKOEFCB, HALF-TIME
1. FC Köln 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich
Goal: Mario Götze (19')
What is your take on the first half?, GOOOOOOOOOAAALLLL! Mario Götze! No. 19 scores in the 19th minute!

1. FC Köln 0 - 1 FC Bayern Munich, KICK-OFF
1. FC Köln vs. FC Bayern Munich

Live pictures: http://instagram.com/fcbayern
Live tweets: https://twitter.com/FCBayern, https://twitter.com/FCBayernEN, https://twitter.com/FCBayernES, Line-up: Neuer - Alonso, Lewandowski, Robben, Rafinha, Boateng, Bernat, Götze, Lahm (C), Müller, Alaba

Subs: Reina - Dante, Benatia, Shaqiri, Pizarro, Rode, Hojbjerg, FC Bayern Munich have scored in each of their 10 last meetings with Köln. They have also won on eight of their last 11 trips to the city from the Rhineland. 

Find more interesting stats and numbers in our match fact file: 
http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/koeln-bayern-factfile-260914.php, Dream goal! Michael Rummenigge (brother of Karl-Heinz) scored a fantastic overhead kick in the 4-1 win over FC Schalke 04 27 years ago to this day., Happy birthday to two FC Bayen greats: Klaus Augenthaler (57) and Michael Ballack (38)!, Stay up to date on all the latest FC Bayern Munich news by signing up for our newsletter and get a chance to win a signed jersey.

http://fcb.de/USNewsletter, Reminder for US Bayern and Bundesliga fans, where and when to watch this weekend's action including FC Bayern Munich vs 1. FC Köln.

http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/watch-koln-bayern-in-us.php, Final training session before the match against Köln.

Why so serious, Xabi? ;), Pep Guardiola: The modern day manager. Always busy studying his opponents ahead of the match., 24 hours to go until our away match in Köln!

Check out the match preview: http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/koeln-fcb-preview-260914.php, A quick look back at Karl-Heinz Rummenigge's career as a player on his birthday:

-310 Bundesliga appearances for FC Bayern Munich, 162 goals between 1974 and 1984. 
-Won Intercontinental Cup (1976), European Cup (1975, 1976),  Bundesliga (1980, 1981), DFB-Cup (1982, 1984), UEFA European Championship (1980) and two European Player of the Year awards (1980, 1981). 

Legend., null, FC Bayern Munich History - The turbulent 1990's and the ringing in of the new millennium under Ottmar Hitzfeld. 

http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/fc-bayern-history-transition-and-1990s-new-millennium.php, Who will win the first FCB-Dosenschießen (tin can alley) challenge? 

It's Pepe Reina & Claudio Pizarro vs. Thomas Müller & Philipp Lahm in the first round!

You can find out the answer and the full clip here:, An exclusive look into the FC Bayern Munich underground car park with Thomas Müller and Co. as they prepared for a leisurely bike ride.

Let's go!, Back on top of the table!, Happy 59th Birthday to Bayern legend and CEO, Karl-Heinz Rummenigge!, 37 years ago today, FC Bayern put on a memorable show against FC Schalke, winning 7-1 at home in the Olympic Stadium despite finishing down a man. Müller, Rummenigge, Hoeneß all got on the score-sheet that day., It's been a busy week for FC Bayern Munich so far with a top-of-the-table clash, training, autograph sessions, a bike ride and time for some fun in between. Here's a summary of the week so far:, Bayern fans in the United States, post below photos from your watch parties following the 4-0 win over Paderborn. From DC to Chicago to new York to San Francisco. Show us your Bayern pride!, Coming soon to youtube.com/fcbayern: #FCBDosenschießen. Philipp Lahm & Thomas Müller vs. Pepe Reina & Claudio Pizarro. Who will win?, Tour de France? More like Tour de Munich! The FC Bayern Munich players set out on a leisurely bike ride today., Pep Guardiola: "What matters is the way we play."

Read all the reactions to the Paderborn match here: http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/bayern-paderborn-reaction-230914.php, Mario Götze - Match-high 7 shots, 104 ball touches, 87% passing accuracy, 2 goals. 

Who was your Man of the Match against Paderborn?, Top of the table! Feels good!, FINAL SCORE @ Allianz Arena

FC Bayern München 4 - 0 SC Paderborn
Goals: Götze (8', 78'), Lewandowski (14'), Müller (85')

Match Report: http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/matches/match-reports/2014/matchreport-bayern-paderborn-bundesliga-230914.php, Thomas Müller gets in on the action now. 

FCB up 4-0 now (85.), Goooooooooooooal @ Allianz Arena through Mario Götze (78.)  Gets his second of the day.

FCB 3 - 0, HALF-TIME! FCB 2 - 0 SCP

What kit are you wearing whilst watching the game tonight? Send us your #FCBayernSelfie!, Gooooooooooooooooaaaallllll Robert Lewandowski this time to make it 2:0. Not a bad start.

FC Bayern Munich 2 - 0 SC Paderborn (14.), Gooooooooooooooooaaaallllll @ Allianz Arena through Mario Götze (8'), Things are underway at the Allianz Arena!

FC Bayern Munich vs SC Paderborn., FC Bayern Munich vs SC Paderborn @ Allianz Arena

Line up:
Neuer - Alonso, Dante, Lewandowski, Robben, Boateng, Götze, Rode, Lahm (C), Müller, Alaba, Manuel Neuer is set to make his 100th Bundesliga appearance for FC Bayern Munich today against Paderborn., FC Bayern Munich haven't lost any of their last 11 Bundesliga games during Oktoberfest! Less than 3 hours to go now to have a chance at extending that streak! 

PACK MA'S!, MATCHDAY!

FC Bayern Munich vs. SC Paderborn 07 e.V. @ Allianz Arena, 2:00 pm EST

What are your predictions?, null, null, Which Bayern legend is hiding inside the CL trophy? A clue: The defender arrived in Munich in 1997 and played at FCB for 8 years., Come on, Pep. Try to keep up! ;)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcKrr1J18yk&list=UUZkcxFIsqW5htimoUQKA0iA, When and where to watch FC Bayern Munich vs SC Paderborn 07 e.V. in the US.

http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/watch-bayern-paderborn-in-us.php, Robben was back in team training today! His chances of playing against Paderborn tomorrow are getting better and better., Anticipation..., David Alaba and Rafinha Official celebrate big milestones, reactions to the Hamburg game, Paderbon and more on the latest FCBtv News.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJQHUmnc3DY&list=UUZkcxFIsqW5htimoUQKA0iA, You've heard of the #IceBucketChallenge, this time it's #BallBucketChallenge as teams of three try to keep the ball in the air and get the ball in the bucket.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAIsib9ed7I&feature=youtu.be, We hope you're having a good start to this busy Bundesliga week! We're in action tomorrow, as we face the table-toppers., Congratulations to David Alaba for making his 150th and Rafinha Official for his 100th competitive appearance for FC Bayern Munich over the weekend!, With the Hamburg game behind them, FC Bayern Munich is already preparing for Tuesday's match against SC Paderborn 07 e.V., FC Bayern Munich was very well represented at the annual German-American Steuben Parade in NYC. Berni stopped by to pay a visit. 

Click here for more pictures: http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/photos/2014/gallery-bayern-berni-at-german-america-steuben-parade-ny.php, Captain Philipp Lahm: "We go for it again on Tuesday."

Read all the match reactions: http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/hamburg-reaction-200914.php, FINAL SCORE: Hamburger SV 0 - 0 FC Bayern Munich, HALF-TIME! Hamburger SV 0 - 0 FC Bayern
No goals so far but plenty of effort. What are your thoughts on today's match?, Hamburger SV vs. FC Bayern Munich
Line up: Neuer - Dante, Shaqiri, Rafinha, Pizarro, Boateng, Bernat, Lahm (C), Müller, Alaba, Hojbjerg
UPDATE: Robben pulled up in the warm-up and is replaced in the XI by Thomas Müller., Matchday!, Claudio Pizarro has scored more goals against Hamburg than any other team in the Bundesliga (19 goals in 22 league matches).

Will he make it 20 tomorrow?

PACK MA'S!, A little smile to the camera from David and Manuel before take-off to Hamburg!

David Alaba on Facebook: "We are all focused on tomorrow's game against Hamburg!", null, The 2016 CL Final will take place at the San Siro. 

Hmmm....anyone remember the last time it was held there? ;), Hey NY FCB Fans! Start the Oktoberfest-season early at the Paulaner Brewery tomorrow morning while watching Bayern take on Hamburg!

When: 9:30 am EST
Where: 265 Bowery, Manhattan, NY 10002, Don't forget, you can watch and stream FC Bayern Munich's Bundesliga match against HSV in the US this weekend. Click here to see where and how:

http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/stream-hamburg-bayern-online-in-us.php, Guardiola on the HSV clash, Robben is ready and EURO 2020 all feature on FCBTV News ahead of the HSV vs FC Bayern Munich match.

http://youtu.be/AAH-9jOox40 

, Robben: "I'm happy to be back again" 

The Dutch attacker felt good preparing with his teammates in training today., Perfect! Euro 2020 is coming to Munich! One quarterfinal and three group games will be played in the Allianz Arena!

“We're very pleased that the Allianz Arena has been selected to host matches at the European championship in 2020,” said Bayern chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge

Check out more at : http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/euro-2020-matches-in-munich-190914.php, Perfect! Euro 2020 is coming to Munich! One quarterfinal and three group games will be played in the Allianz Arena!

“We're very pleased that the Allianz Arena has been selected to host matches at the European championship in 2020,” said Bayern chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge

Check out more at : http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/euro-2020-matches-in-munich-190914.php, Little less than 24 hours to go now! 

PACK MA'S!, null, Today we look back at FC Bayern's transition from their golden years into the 1980s and the most influential figure behind the club's development.

http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/fc-bayern-history-transition-and-1980s.php, Fancy getting goosebumps one more time? Then, sit back, relax and enjoy this!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ui7-hw7LXDc&list=UUZkcxFIsqW5htimoUQKA0iA
, A bike ride was on the agenda today for yesterday's starting XI after their successful CL opener. 

No hands!, Pep: "I'd like to compliment him on his performance."

Check out our exclusive interview with Benatia here: http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/interview-with-debutant-medhi-benatia-180914.php, Thank you, Jerome!, Time-Lapse for a matchday at the Allianz Arena. How time flies.., Thank you for your great support! 

MIA SAN MIA

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQUr6GUb-fU&list=UUZkcxFIsqW5htimoUQKA0iA
, Boateng: "It wasn’t all good, but we gave it everything right to the end and we were rewarded."

Read the coach and players' reactions here: http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/fcb-manchester-city-reaction-170914.php, An interview with American Center John Bryant on FC Bayern Basketball's new season and defending the title. 

http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/interview-american-john-bryant-bayern-basketball.php, Match-high 102 touches on the ball. 93% pass completion (87/94), first Champions League goal and the match-winner.

Take a bow, Jérôme Boateng Official, FINAL SCORE

FC Bayern München 1 - 0 Manchester City

Match Report: http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/matches/match-reports/2014/matchreport-fcbayern-manchester-city-champions-league-170914.php, GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL for FC Bayern by BOATEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENGGGGGGGG!!!!

FC Bayern München 1 - 0 Manchester City, Half-time. FC Bayern Munich on top but have not been able to finish their chances., Jérôme Boateng Official making several vital interceptions so far., FC Bayern Munich on top so far. Robert Lewandowski and Thomas Müller with good chances early on., Finally..., Thomas Müller winks for the cameras as he gets ready for kick-off. We see you, Thomas!, Lahm & Co. are busy warming up ahead of their Champions League opener! Kick-off is just minutes away!, Our starting 11...

PACK MA'S!, FC Bayern have won 6 of their last 7 group games in the Champions League. Two hours to go. 

Sweeper-Keeper Manuel Neuer is ready., Your predictions?

FC Bayern Munich vs. Manchester City, Allianz Arena, It's finally here! 

FC Bayern Munich vs Manchester City FC

#packmas, Mia san 21 Million! Danke! Thank you! Muchas Gracias!, FCB.tv news previews FC Bayern Munich's Champions League opener against Manchester City FC., Flashback. 25 years ago to the day, FC Bayern recorded their tenth victory in a row with a 5-1 win against VfL Bochum. The man with a brace on the day was Scottish striker Alan McInally., Hey FC Bayern fans in the US and Canada! Join other supporter groups tomorrow. Here is where to watch with other Bayern fans around the country.

http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/where-to-watch-bayern-champions-league-game-in-us.php, null, The Chaaampions! It's finally back! Get your new CL kit right here: 

http://www.bayernmunichstoreusa.com/departments-men-third-kit.html, The countdown begins...

FC Bayern Munich vs Manchester City FC.

Wednesday, 2:45 pm EST, Welcome to Munich, Manchester City FC!, Pep Guardiola is going into his 6th CL season as a manger and has always reached at least the semi-finals., The Champions League returns this week!

15 years ago today, Paulo Sergio scored a sensational back-heel goal to secure a 2-1 win over PSV in the Champions League., Xabi Alonso talked about how he has settled in, the difference between the Bundesliga, La Liga and the Premier League, his role under Pep Guardiola and the upcoming Champions league match against Manchester City.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eqIxKfH_Vw, The 'Black Mamba' and one of the world’s deadliest strikers: Kobe Bryant  and Robert Lewandowski., Holger Badstuber: "Nothing knocks me down anymore. One thing's for certain, I'll be back again soon!" 

All the best Holger!, Great home debut, Xabi! 

His numbers against Stuttgart., Matchday 3. Second in the standings. 

Up next: Man City on Wednesday., Whether from New York, Tokyo or San Francisco, fans from all corners of the world were united on Saturday in NYC to watch FC Bayern beat Stuttgart., Bundesliga record! 73 consecutive home matches unbeaten!

40 years ago today, FC Bayern beat 1. FC Köln 6:3 to set a historic record., null, Welcome back, 'King' Franck!, Awful news for Badstuber: Diagnosis of injury is a tendon tear in thigh with operation necessary. Set to be out for a long period again.

A devastated Badstuber: "I'm disappointed but no worries - I'll be back. I'm not giving up!"

Get well soon, Holger!, Xabi Alonso had the most touches on the ball (150) and made the most passes (119) against Stuttgart. He also covered the most distance amongst FC Bayern players (11.8 km)., Congratulations to FC Bayern Basketball's Vladimir Štimac and Serbia for reaching the 2014 FIBA Basketball World Cup final.

Final against the USA coming up tomorrow.

http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/stimac-and-serbia-in-basketball-world-cup-final.php, A home win - the perfect gift for birthday boy Thomas Müller!, FINAL SCORE

FC Bayern 2 - 0 VfB Stuttgart

Match report: http://fcb.de/ReportFCBVFB1415, GOOOOOOOOOOOOAL for FC Bayern!!!!!! RIBÉÉÉRYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!! (85')

FC Bayern 2 - 0 VfB Stuttgart, GOOOOAAALLLLL for FC Bayern! Mario Götze scores! 27'

FC Bayern 1 - 0 VfB Stuttgart, PACK MA'S!, Line-up vs. Stuttgart: Neuer - Alonso, Dante, Lewandowski, Boateng, Bernat, Götze, Lahm (C), Müller, Alaba, Badstuber 

Subs: Starke - Benatia, Ribéry, Shaqiri, Pizarro, Gaudino, Rode., Like = Happy Birthday, Thomas Müller! 

25 years of age and already scored 101 competitive goals for Bayern., Two years ago this month, FC Bayern celebrated their biggest-ever win against Stuttgart (6:1). Bayern scored all six goals in only 19 minutes., Great memories: FC Bayern beat VfB Stuttgart 5-2 in the 1986 cup final. Roland Wohlfahrt scored a hat-trick and Michael Rummenigge netted FCB's other two goals., Robbery ready for Stuttgart., Hey Bayern fans in the US! Want to form your own official FCB Fan Club? Get 25 fans together and follow these steps and join FC Bayern's global family. http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/fans/fan-clubs/setting-up-a-fan-club/, Alonso and Robben return to training, Pep Guardiola's thoughts on the Stuttgart match and more on the latest FCB.tv news.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sa8CuLyBMPU&list=UUZkcxFIsqW5htimoUQKA0iA, null, FC Bayern fans in the US, remember that you can now stream Bayern and Bundesliga matches live online via KlowdTV.

http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/stream-bayern-stuttgart-online-in-us.php

, FC Bayern Munich vs. VfB Stuttgart, September 13, 9:30am EST, Allianz Arena 

Don't miss it!, Oh hello! Didn't see you there, Kobe. 

FC Bayern's Basketball team had a special guest yesterday at the Audi Dome: the one and only "Black Mamba," Kobe Bryant. Nihad Djedovic could hardly believe it!, Pep was very animated in today’s training session. Can you tell? #PepTalk, Thomas Müller and Pep Guardiola put their accuracy to the test in a special FCB edition of a 'tin can alley'.

Let's see who the better finisher is now!, Happy Birthday, "Kaiser" Franz Beckenbauer. 69 years strong!, In the next part of our FC Bayern Munich history series, we take a look at the club's golden era as young players like Franz Beckenbauer and Gerd Müller took the team from the second division to domestic and international dominance. 
http://www.fcbayernmunich.com/us/news/news/2014/fc-bayern-history-the-golden-years.php, Go, go, go! Arjen Robben and Xabi Alonso are working hard in individual training., Muhammad Ali, Mike Tyson and now Franck Ribery boxing at the legendary Gleason’s gym in Brooklyn, New York: http://youtu.be/5bIskZ4WgfY, From one goal machine to another. Müller = Goals, It's only one week away! Xabi Alonso & Co. can't wait for the return of the Champions League vs. Manchester City!, Throwback Tuesdays - An 18-year-old Thomas Müller scores in typical Müller fashion. Six years later, one thing still remains the same: Müller = Goals. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWrvBYRBSxY&list=UUZkcxFIsqW5htimoUQKA0iA, 6 goals in one pic. No big deal., Hello, hello, America. Welcome to the official FC Bayern US Facebook page! Same content with an additional Red, White & Blue flavor. Help spread the word and share with your friends, null)